Sherlock spun around to face the desk. He put his hands on the edge of the desk and leaned down to capture John’s gaze. “Please John, don’t let me keep you from your blog, as you assured me you are able to do more than one thing at a time.” He finished with one of those grins that he knew drove John wild.
‘Come on,’ he said as he pulled him up the stairs and into his room. They fell to the bed laughing because they were still wet and shivering so John pulled the covers back and they disappeared underneath them.
Just as their lips were about to meet, they paused, catching each other’s eye and staring. They both felt nervous and they could read it off each other, but they both felt safe because they were together, they were with each other and they knew nothing would happen that the other didn’t want.
Sherlock let his head drop and chuckled.  “I’ll go get her.”  He said and was on his feet in an instant and up the stairs.
“I’ve been known to have one once in a while. Now at any time this is too much tell me and we can stop.”
Sherlock smiled in wonderment letting out a huge sigh wondering how he ever got lucky enough to finally have John Watson in his bed.
“I’ve always wanted you. Yes of course and I want things to be different between us for a long time now, I’ve always wanted it to be us as one, not just John and Sherlock.”
John blushed, Angelo of course was treating this like a date and the hallmark candle was even in place and lit, when did that happen? “Shall I bring you to the usual or something new tonight?”
They walked to Angelo’s in silence, Sherlock seemingly in a spell – afraid to talk because he didn’t want to mess things up.  So they enjoyed the night air and the light snow that fell as they walked.  It didn’t go unnoticed by Sherlock or John, the smiles that other people gave them as they walked on.  Sherlock could get used to this he thought.
He smiled his sleepy smile, the one that melts Sherlock’s heart and answers, “I wouldn’t have ask if I didn’t mean it.  Please.”
He shifted and gasped quietly as his growing erection brushed against his pyjama bottoms reminding him of his desires.  This was becoming an issue.  Should he sneak off into the bathroom and take care of this in private or he could stay where he was and take matters into his own hand and let whatever happen, happen.
'Up," he commanded and John lifted enough for Sherlock to take hold of the hem of both of his vest and his jumper and pulled them off together. "Now hands back above your head. While we're at it, might as well get rid of these too," he said as he began to undo the belt and flies of John's trousers. He pulled both the trouser and pants off swiftly, even catching his socks as he went.
“Mmmm, really?”  John asked, not buying that Sherlock hadn’t been asleep.  “And why were you waiting for me to wake?  Normally, you have no problems making your desires known.”
At some point, Sherlock's hand grasped his forearm and urged him a bit faster, 'More, another, I think I'm ready for another.'  Sherlock gasped.
John cleaned the dinner from the table and did the dishes while Sherlock entertained Rosie with a book.  When he finished, he suggested they give Rosie her bath and get her ready for bed.  Sherlock agreed, it was nearing eight and it usually took an hour to give her bath and bottle.
Well this is a complete change. John thought. Ten minutes ago he was bouncing off the walls and now he’s almost completely shut down and drawing into himself. Well not now if I have anything to say about it.
Sherlock almost gave him a puzzled look and now had questions but they could wait until later and set to John’s request. He slyly licked his slit and twirled his tongue before taking him in his mouth and sliding about half way down.
It had taken the half hour John had endured to arrive home for Sherlock to slip bead nine and ten in and when John called as he walked through the door, he was surprised at the undignified squeak Sherlock answered him with.  John raced back to the bed room.
John hummed and was grateful for this attention that Sherlock was giving him but was surprised when Sherlock withdrew his fingers and coaxed John to his feet and lead him to his bedroom down the hallway.
John pulled his lips back, looked up and smirked at Sherlock. “Oh you haven’t seen anything yet.”  As he journeyed downward, licking and nipping wherever he pleased, until he reached Sherlock’s hips placing a reverent kiss on each hip bone and spreading Sherlock’s legs apart further.  He moved the lube closer but made no move to open it yet, instead he placed his lips around the tip of Sherlock’s cock and tongued at the slit.
John sighed and started to pull all his clothing off while Sherlock set the shower temp and then pulled his clothes off.
Sherlock opened his arms and met John halfway and pulled him into his arms.  He rolled to his back and pulled John onto his chest.  He ran his fingers through John’s short hair.  “Everything’s going to work out fine, you’ll see.  This is just the first step – the healing.  We just need to be open with each other and tell each other what we want.  All I want is to see you happy.” He kissed John’s forehead.
He reclaimed his position straddling John's thighs and began to kiss down his collar bone and chest before coming to his nipple and nipped at it while pinching the other softly between his thumb and forefinger. John arched his back and moaned a bit. Sherlock smiled against John's skin and continued further down John's body, snaking one hand down and lightly skimming over the hard heated flesh, then even further until he was cupping his balls and lightly playing with them.
“That’s it love, let it all out, so beautiful and all for me,”’ and John slowly stoked him through each wave of his orgasm.
Sherlock, now lost in pleasure, didn’t want to disappoint John, so he brought his other hand into the picture and started rubbing and tugging on his balls. John started increasing his thrusts, harder and faster now. “Yes John, Right there don’t stop, so close…”
John licked his lips and nodded, he loved being laid out before Sherlock like this.  He loved letting Sherlock get him riled up and then taking control because he could always last longer and right now, he needed some of the edge gone because he wanted to give Sherlock exactly what he asked for.
John gave up on words as Sherlock pressed back in slowly clearly fascinated by watching, which apparently was the only thing causing him to hold his restraint.  “God John, you should see this. You all laid out like this. Better than any of my all the fantasies I’ve ever had of you.”
“God, Sherlock,” John moaned and squirmed, he then cried out as Sherlock took just the tip of his cock in his mouth and started to explore with his tongue. He tongued at the slit and then around the crown and spent a considerable amount of time licking his fraenulum and enjoying all the sounds that John was making - little cries, then breathy gasps, and then words, please and more and tease – which only made Sherlock redouble his efforts and John regret muttering the words,
Of course now John’s mind was flooded with thoughts. Thoughts he should not be entertaining, but damn it Sherlock had started it. All he could imagine now was Sherlock trussed up to his bed, all laid out so that John could do as he pleased.
Sherlock opened his eyes, catching John’s deep blue ones, his own sparkling with curiosity and the realization of wasted time.  “You wouldn’t have been mad?”
She had gone to Mycroft because she knew the state I’d be in if she’d gotten me, it hadn’t looked all that bad, just superficial injuries maybe a broken bone and she was hoping Mycroft could have him fixed up and returned before I woke.
Sherlock cleaned up dinner while John entertained Rosie and then they gave her a bath and got her ready for bed.  It was closing in on nine o’clock.  John fed her her last bottle of the day and took her up to bed and turned the monitor on.  She was fast asleep when he put her in her cot.  He stood there looking at her, “we’re finally home baby” he whispered and headed downstairs to join Sherlock in the sitting room.
A thousand thoughts ran through Sherlock’s mind at lightning speed, he couldn’t decide, he had John’s lips and hands roaming his body, the only thing missing was having John inside him.  “Want you… want you inside me…
John returned with Rosie and strapped her into her highchair.  He kissed her forehead and she giggled.
It was fall and it would get chilly. At least Lestrade had enough sense to buy the warmest sleeping bags he could find.  Sherlock advised them to make sure they completely doused the fire before they turned in and to use a garbage bag for all the refuse and to put it in the trunk, it would be no fun attracting animals overnight or catching everything on fire.  He then announced that he was retiring to his tent so that he and John could talk about the case and Donovan and Anderson gave each other a knowing look.
“No one’s ever gotten that far and I don’t want to come like that. I want to come with you when you’re buried deep inside me.
John looked shocked that it didn’t take Sherlock to offer and just then Angelo had returned with their meals.  “Is everything ok boys?”
John coughed; she was right it was barely used in the scheme of things.  After Mary’s death, after he forgave Sherlock, he had spent nearly every moment at Baker Street that he could.  He couldn’t bear being away from Sherlock.
“John, you did seem happy, but why did you hide it?  I noticed the change at the reception when I told you Mary was pregnant, you didn’t even look at her, you fixed your eyes on me and that’s when I knew, but you still can’t admit it.”
John had almost forgotten to tell Sherlock, “yes, Miss Whitson called.  She sold the flat today and got the price we were asking for, so I’m officially out of debt.”
Sherlock had spent the longest time fretting over what to wear.  This was the first time they’d be dining out together since John’s return to Baker Street now that the media fascination surrounding them had finally died down.  Early on they had been out several times and it had been terrible, reporters asking intrusive questions about the Reichenbach Fall and Sherlock’s miraculous return from the grave and John’s willingness to forgive him, all while shoving cameras in their faces but what surprised Sherlock is that while John had been livid, he just took Sherlock by the hand and removed them from the situation before things got uglier.  They still hadn’t discussed anything regarding that time spent apart and Sherlock had thought for sure this was it, but when they had finally gotten back to Baker Street and Sherlock waited for John’s wrath to rain down on him, John pulled him into a hug and apologised for having to go through that.  They ordered take away from that point on.  It was that day that Sherlock had realised John really had forgiven him and that he wasn’t going to leave and he liked this new facet of their relationship that was forming.  They rarely fought anymore, when they did disagree, eventually at some point they would talk things out.  He finally chose the deep purple dress shirt (John’s favourite) and his best black suit and quietly waited in the sitting room for John to join him.
Sherlock began fucking him faster and pumping him hard, paying special; attention the tip of his dick, increasing the pressure and a twist right there just like he needed it. It didn’t take long before John was exploding between them coating their stomachs and Sherlock spilling inside John.
When John had finished the letter, he couldn’t believe what he’d just read.  He’d thought whatever was holding Sherlock back related to his time away, he’d never imagined that this stemmed back into his childhood.  God this explained so much.
“No, don’t stop,” Sherlock purred as he wrapped his hand around John’s  and worked him through the waves of his orgasm.  Smirking as the last bit dripped to his stomach, his breath coming in ragged pants.
“Alright, so what I’m going to do is take a walk through and get measurements and start to get the paperwork ready for listing.  Then after you have all your things out, I’ll take pictures and we’ll get it listed.” Miss Whitson said, and she winked at John and smiled.  “How does that sound?”
“John, John, if you… if… oh Jooohhhhnnn,” Sherlock couldn’t even string together what he was trying to say. All he could do was buck his hips erratically so John moved one hand to Sherlock's hip to still him and the other hand he maneuvered to massage Sherlock’s tightening ball sack while he continued suck for all he was worth. John eventually let his fingers drop back to tease Sherlock’s perineum.  He began massaging in a circular motion at first and when he noticed Sherlock arching his back and moaning a little louder, he swallowed him whole, and pressed hard on the skin. Sherlock could no longer contain it, he bucked his hips one last time and stilled. John felt the warm spurts coating his throat. When he was sure he’d swallowed every last drop, he found Sherlock’s lips again and licked at them playful and then kissed him. Sherlock was lying there still dazed from his orgasm. John lay on his side now brushing the errant curls off Sherlock’s forehead.
John stood up and wandered over to where Sherlock stood and put his hand on Rosie’s back.  “So what shall we have for dinner?  Miss Rosie is going to have some cereal and bananas for dinner.”
“It’s not that,” he said reaching across the table to take Sherlock’s hand to reassure him, “the usual is fine.  It’s just I was wondering…” He looked at Sherlock and smiled bashfully, “I was um, hoping, maybe we could get a candle?”
“Right you are then, so about 9 at our place then?”  He said giving her a quick kiss on the check.  “I’ll go get everything ready.”
Sherlock looked back down at the box.  He honestly hadn’t been expecting anything because he had gotten everything he wanted that year for Christmas.  John was home this year where he belonged.  But John loved to celebrate every occasion, holidays and birthdays, so Sherlock allowed John the holidays, but not his birthday.  Never his birthday and he always made sure it was never a possibility for the subject to come up because he always disappeared the day before and after his birthday with the usual excuse of some top secret case Mycroft needed him to work alone due to sensitive government information.  What he really did though was to go to Sussex and hole up in the family’s cottage for three days alone and try to forget about his birthday and all the terrible memories that went along with it.  Before John could ask him what was wrong, he smiled and looked up at him.
He rummaged for the lube in the night stand, then exhaled slowly as he poured some in his palm warming it before lifting his hips and tugging his bottoms and pants off in one go.
He advised Lestrade and the team he was bringing – Anderson and Donovon - to do the same and Lestrade laughed and said, “Come on Sherlock, there will be rooms open in some of the hotels, I’m sure of it.”
He stood up and turned to go down to Mrs. Hudson’s when he saw his journal.  “So that where I left it.”
You see John, there have been two events in my life that have defined me and that I will never forgive myself for.  You know the second one as you were a part of it and I still don’t understand why or how you chose to forgive me for it because I have yet to forgive myself.  I have my suspicions that Mycroft may have had a hand in it, it seems he always does in instances such as these, claiming that he only does so because he cares and knows I am incapable of making the right decision.  It seems to be the general consensus.  But I do know this, the fact that you can see your way to forgive me when I cannot, makes you the better man John Watson, and makes me unable to live up to the vow of becoming a man of such stature.
Sherlock watched as John tore the paper off the box and pulled the lid off, revealing a gorgeous light blue cashmere jumper.  Much nicer than the plain woolen ones John usually wore.  John was speechless.
John pulled him closer and their lips part, tongues exploring the insides of each other’s mouths, and Sherlock whimpers, his hips automatically begin to roll on their own. John moans and shivers at the contact and now Sherlock begins rocking back and forth, rubbing their groins together and smirking because he did that. He made John tremble from his touch, his movements against John’s body.
This is why they worked - they balanced each other out perfectly and as Sherlock pulled him closer bit by bit, John closed his eyes and moaned.
"Oi! I was..." but his voice had trailed off as he noticed Sherlock was dressed in only his pale blue dressing gown, the one that was so old that it felt silky. His fingers immediately went to Sherlock's chest and Sherlock left him have a few moments of enjoyment before grabbing his wrists and pinning them above his head, leaving little space between them now.
Sherlock leaned in and devoured John’s lips as he slowly began to rock his hips back and forth and then up and down and John moaned and Sherlock smiled against his lips as he began to pick up the pace.
“It’s gorgeous Sherlock.”  Thank you.  But this is too nice to wear just any old time so I think I’ll save it for special occasions.”
John considered his answer but knew there was more to it than that.  If he moved in now as things were, John and Rosie would outgrow the tiny room at the top of the stairs in under a year, if that.  John had never been good at making his feelings clear and her had really botched them when it came to Sherlock with the whole
Sherlock once again, “Why is everyone always so surprised that I can do menial things like set up a tent?  I also packed the correct equipment and clothing I need, so I don’t know why you took it upon yourself to pack some extra things for me John.”
He knew Sherlock had gotten in only a few hours earlier from a dinner party at Mycroft’s – thank goodness John had been needed for a late shift at the clinic that evening and there was no chance of him getting away since he had missed more than half a dozen shifts the two weeks prior and the clinic was shorthanded, he hadn’t even bothered to ask and thankfully Sherlock hadn’t guilted him into going along.
Mycroft shook his head, stood and left the envelope.  “You misunderstand John.  Sherlock did not send me.  He does not know that I am here; in fact, he would probably be furious if he knew that I was.  I am doing this for the both of you.  It’s time for the both of you to stop acting like children and face the fact that you both need to resolve this so you can both move on whether it be separately or together again.”  With his intention stated, he nodded his head to serve as a goodbye and turned and was gone just like that.
“Nonsense,” John had replied.  “You’re my best friend so you will indulge me.”  He got up and ran downstairs to get the package he had been having Mrs. Hudson hide for him just in case Sherlock decided to snoop.
They fell asleep rather quickly and held each other all night long.  Sherlock was the first to rouse in the morning, judging from the light outside it was about six.  He was happy to see John sleeping so soundly.  He looked more rested than he had in the previous weeks.  Sherlock quietly slipped out of John’s arm and headed to the loo to take a quick shower to get ready before Rosie woke up.  He wanted to give John a chance to sleep in.  It was a luxury he didn’t get often and Sherlock wanted to provide him with the chance.
He stood up on his tip toes and cupped Sherlock’s cheeks and brought their faces close together, inhaling each other’s breath.  He breathed slowly and licked his lips before closing the gap and sealing his lips over Sherlock’s.  Sherlock’s hands found their way to John’s hips and he moaned into John’s mouth.  John licked and nipped at Sherlock’s lips.  They stayed that way for what seemed like forever, giving as good as the other.  They broke apart and Sherlock rested his forehead on John’s, his hands cupping John’s cheeks, his thumbs rubbing his jawline.
He shook his head yes and began to remove his clothing until he was down to his pants and walked around to the other side of the bed and snuck under the covers and kept a safe distance between them.
He had suggested they start their weekend with a walk around town, which was a brilliant idea, giving Sherlock the freedom to deduce everyone around them until sheets of rain began to fall from the sky. They ran most of the way back to John’s empty home and by the time they found themselves inside the foyer, they were soaked to the bone.
John crawled up his body and kissed him before going to the loo for some flannels.  “If you think I’m done with you tonight, you’ve got another thing coming Sherlock. After all I did make you some promises and I do intend to keep them.”
He put his key in the lock and opened the door.  Sherlock, too lost in his misery never heard the steps on the stairs and when John opened the door to the flat, his heart fell to his stomach.
They received their normal greeting at Angelo’s – “Sherlock, John, let me take you to your table.” Angelo announced to the whole restaurant and all eyes were on them. John felt a bit self-conscious, it had been so long since he’d been out without a baby in tow.
“During the summers when we were growing up, mummy always sent us to different camps and one year it was a wilderness camp.  Can you imagine being stuck in a tent with Mycroft for three weeks, it was dreadful. Oh and I hope you don’t mind sharing the tent.”
And with those three little words, John let go, thrusting frantically, shouting as his balls drew up, come pulsing over his stomach as his hand stilled.
“No, it’s not that.  I was wondering if maybe you’d like to go to Angelo’s for dinner.  Mrs. Hudson stopped up earlier and suggested we should get out for a bit and that she’d be happy to sit with Rosie.”   There.  The question had been asked and now all he had to do was wait for a response.
The next thing he knew their lips were together and Sherlock's legs were wrapped around his waist and he was slowly rocking in and out of Sherlock at a languid pace. Between kisses and nips of lips Sherlock was murmuring 'yes John, just like that' and 'oh God right there' and the next time it 'was deeper, please.'
“I have to agree with you on that, we’ve been through the worst you can go through – several times at that and survived – the rest should be smooth sailing.”
John was all but asleep when Sherlock used the extra warm damp flannel to remove the oil residue from his back and covered him with the duvet when John reached for Sherlock’s wrist.
“Isn’t that the truth.  One of the few things he’s good for,” John said taking a sip of his coffee.  “Look, you’re one of a handful of people that actually know what happened…”
“No, she was certain you’d come back eventually after you had time to heal.  She’ll be delighted when she finds out.”
Mycroft regarded John for a moment, yes the anger and grief were still very much present, something he couldn’t see his way through yet, but there was also something else there muddling things, emotions that ran deeper.  Ahhh, it was clear now Mycroft saw.  Love.  He unlaced his fingers and ran his fingers along the envelope.  “I do think you are being hasty John.  You at least owe him this.  A chance to explain.”  He simply stated as he slid the envelope across the table.  “You may feel differently if you would hear what he has to say, or if you can’t listen, you could to read these, but do not ever let him know that you did, let him be the one to tell you.”
John shook his head, he had more important things to worry about than Mary’s old stuff right now.  He cleared his throat, “Right, I guess most of it can get packed and go to the consignment shop.  Like the kitchen and all that, the furniture can stay with the flat, if the realtor thinks she can sell it like that.”
“Good.” Sherlock said.  “John, let’s get going, we have some things to take care of back at the flat.”
She reached out and placed a hand over his, “he didn’t say no the first time, I doubt he’ll say no a second time.  Baker Street is his home and he misses it.  Why do you think he comes every day when he can?”
Sherlock’s eyes widened in disbelief and John was afraid he had ruined the moment until Sherlock kissed him again and murmured, "As do I."
“Thank you, that was the best night’s sleep I’ve had in I don’t know how long.”  He was wearing the extra set of clothes that he kept at Sherlock’s for emergencies.
They continued walking and talking about some of the changes they’d have to make at the flat and before they knew it they found themselves on the stoop of 221b and John stepped up on his tip toes and pressed a soft kiss to Sherlock’s lips.  “Shall we go tell Mrs. Hudson the good news?
Neither of them spoke about it the next day or the other three times it occurred over the next week, but John realised, something needed to be done about it.  So instead of being blunt and telling Sherlock he should find something to help him sleep (something legal and non-habit forming), he decided to leave a pamphlet on soothing herbs on the kitchen table beside the microscope before he left for work one morning.  After that, John came home to a different herbal tea every evening and after about a week, Sherlock had developed the perfect mix that helped them both sleep and now this became their nightly ritual.  They would sit on the sofa and share a cuppa and talk about their day or anything that was on their mind.
“Almost,” Sherlock hummed.  “If I could only figure a way to have John move back in.  He’s not happy in his flat, but I don’t know how to be more obvious that he and Rosie are more than welcome here.  I mean I put a cot and changing table up in his room for crying out loud and there is plenty of space here for them and I’ve even baby proofed and have been keeping things tidy.”
It’s been two months since everything happened on that awful island and one month since Baker Street has been put back together, it could have been done quicker by Mycroft’s men alone, but Sherlock and John were involved in every aspect and wanted to make sure things were done right.  By the end of the month, you couldn’t tell a bomb had detonated in the flat.
He crawled up on the bed now and curled up next to Sherlock.  He reached up and brushed his fingers across Sherlock’s cheek.
Sherlock shook his head. John couldn’t help but noticed how his curls bobbed as he did so. He could tell Sherlock was upset, terrified even. He had to make this right. He loved this man, and now he knew that Sherlock had feelings for him as well he needed to do something to make Sherlock see this was mutual; wanted.
, he wanted to come home, he wanted to find out, he wanted to throw caution to the wind and find out once and for all.
John gulped and licked his lips. He wanted to punch Sherlock whenever he grinned like that, or maybe kiss him, he wasn’t really sure which. Then there were those damn eyes gazing at him. Hell he couldn’t even come up with an adequate colour for them because they were always changing, but at the moment they were a bright blue, thanks to that infernal purple shirt he was wearing. Sherlock smiled, he knew the effect he was having on the good doctor.
“We’ll go slow and take our time, there’s no reason to rush any of this, not now that we’re together.”
First we zip our sleeping bags together to make one big one. And then I snuggle up close to you and pretend I’m touching your stomach and nuzzling into your neck and whispering in your ear and you, your only job is to moan sometimes softly and sometimes when it’s quiet over there a bit louder.  Enough to make them question what’s going on.  And then if we caught their interest, we add to it, I move my hand down lower an appear to be giving you a hand job and we adjust our noise level accordingly.
John smiled and turned off the monitor.  “Well, to answer your question, her checkup went well.  She’s on target for height and weight and she got her immunizations up to date so she may be a little cranky and we can start introducing solid foods so I stopped at Tesco’s on the way home and picked some up.”
Now though, he didn’t want to disturb his slumbering mate, sleep was a rare commodity for his detective and now that things had settled and John had made it clear he was to catch up on some much needed sleep, but John was in need himself.  In
“Deal” Sherlock gulped as he noticed John moving in closer and grabbing Sherlock’s shampoo.  “May I?”
“I have never been more sure of anything in my life.” And with that he turned to his bedside table and fished out a condom and bottle of lube.
He started at John's neck and lightly traced his fingers down over each nipple and then continued down John’s abdomen until he reached John’s swollen cock that was begging for attention, for release. He wrapped those magnificent long fingers around John and slowly started stroking him. John closed his eyes and got lost in the feeling, every once in a while letting out a small groan. Sherlock leaned forward and started sucking on his neck, never increasing the stroking though sometimes increasing the pressure. He kissed John’s lips again and then along his cheek and over to his ear. “John…”
John gave one last kiss to Rosie’s forehead and told her to behave for Mrs. Hudson to which she babbled and gurgled
“I should have come to you back then, I wasn’t a hundred percent sure how you felt until your Best Man’s speech and then it was too late to do a thing about it.” John said, “Then we wouldn’t be in this mess now.”
“Patience, don’t want to rush this part,” John whispered as he slowly pumped his finger in and out soon adding a second then third finger.
“But how? It was lost to me in Serbia…” and no more words came after that.  Serbia had been the end of the line.  Sherlock would have died there if it wouldn’t have been for Mycroft’s intervention.  Tears began to fall. “Mycroft said…”
Sherlock smiled and reached out and stroked John’s cheek.  “If that’s what you want, then come here.”
There had been moments here of late where a lingering touch lasted a bit too long or he’d catch John staring at him, but he was usually holding Rosie.  He was just unsure and it was like Mrs. Hudson said, John was here every single day when the time afforded, why would he do that if something wasn’t happening between them?  He would have to think about this some more and rationalize if the risk was worth taking.
“I’m not sure where to begin.  It hurt me when I came back and found you with her.  I was relieved after you had forgiven me and I thought that you being with her was what you wanted.  You finally seemed to have what you wanted.  If I had not been so blind we could have avoided everything that happened with her.  I knew things couldn’t go back to the way they were.  What I don’t understand is why you would even think about suicide and you’re right, that’s not what I would want for you and I’m glad you had the presence of mind to take steps by giving your gun to Lestrade.  It would have killed me to come home and find you gone forever, so I am beginning to understand why you were with her.  He couldn’t bear to say her name.  I do want to tell you that I had Mycroft watching over you and he would have intervened if things had gotten really bad.  When I finally returned thinking that I had completely dismantled Moriarty’s network, he filled me in on everything that was going on with you and I was shocked, but it was understandable, I see that now.”
Sherlock nodded and John left to get some bread from Mrs. Hudson.  When he came back upstairs he put the tea on and got the toast ready.  He made the tea just as Sherlock liked it and lightly buttered the toast and took it in and sat it on the coffee table.
John nodded and slowly pulled his finger back then inched it in a bit further this time. He could happily spend hours doing this, exploring Sherlock's body like this, now that he was focused again.
Sherlock showered quickly and he was just buttoning his shirt when he heard Rosie babbling over the monitor.  He switched the monitor off and set off up the stairs to get her.
Yes, John had been hurt.  Hurt to the core of his existence and the day Sherlock returned, he stood there thinking this was some sort of sick joke.  Sherlock had come to the clinic hoping there wouldn’t be a scene and there wasn’t one.  John had just looked at him astounded and said very little.  What he did say shook Sherlock badly, John told him in no uncertain terms to stay away from him, he was done with him forever and then John simply walked out of the clinic and back to his bedsit without another word.  He was amazed he hadn’t reached out to strangle or punch Sherlock, he couldn’t do that to Sarah, not in the place he worked, not if he expected to keep the job he so desperately needed.
John looked up at him amazed, because he could not fathom that someone like Sherlock –brilliant, amazing, incredible Sherlock – would want someone as ordinary as him.
John was about to question him, but Sherlock cut him off, “John, I’m so sorry but ever since that day, the feelings and everything and…” he was having trouble getting the words out, and they were definitely jumbled. He looked as though he was about to hyperventilate.
“Are you ok? What… are those anal beads?” he asked as he saw the ring resting flush against Sherlock’s plush arse.
It was nearing seven when they finally finished.  John was starving.  As if Sherlock read his mind, “shall we order some takeaway?”
They pulled up to Baker Street and began unloading the boxes.  Well, Mycroft’s men did most the moving.  It didn’t take long and soon they were unpacking and putting things away.
still general rating, but there may be more coming, we will see, watch the tags and the rating will change at some point.
He hung up the phone and beamed at John. “Mycroft extends his congratulations to us and he is at our disposal.  His men will meet us at your place at 9 am to start moving things.  Maybe we should see if Mrs. Hudson would sit with Rosie while we go and pack and get everything in order.”
I of course expected that I would be punished severely once we reached home, instead of home though, she instructed the driver to take us into the country to one of her friend’s estates.  I had questioned her as to why we were going but she declined to answer, the only thing she would tell me is that it was a surprise.  I also expected the ride to be on filled with complete silence, allowing me time to reflect upon my behavior over the past few days but she surprised me yet again.
John smiled wickedly, “I like the way you think,” John kissed his neck and searched the bed for the lube, in the end Sherlock found it and John kept it close by because he was going to take his time getting Sherlock ready.
He then slipped out of the restaurant and wondered aimlessly.  He didn’t feel like going back to Baker Street, he didn’t really want to see Sherlock or be reminded of how lonely and foolish he was if Sherlock wasn’t there so he just walked.  He had no one to call either as it was New Year’s Eve and everyone was most likely involved in their own festivities and John didn’t want to intrude.  So he kept walking.  When he finally got too cold he decided it was time to call it a night and he took a cab back to Baker Street.  It had been over three hours and the new year had come and gone already and he was alone yet again.  Maybe this is how it was always destined to be for him.
John moved his fingers to Sherlock’s chin and gently tilted his head so that he could look into those beautiful eyes. He was unprepared for what he encountered. Sherlock’s eyes were rimmed red with a few tears that streaked his cheeks.
“Besides, maybe I can get you to get some real rest now, that you’re home.  Come, grab the monitor and let’s get some sleep, it’s been a few long weeks and I honestly don’t know how you’ve been doing it.”
’ part of me did too.  I didn’t want to accept it.  I kept thinking it must be a trick, some sort of sick joke.  I begged for you to come back and you didn’t.”  John could feel the tears welling in his eyes and he certainly didn’t care when they started to spill, he needed this off his chest.  “I was so lost and angry that I couldn’t stop you that I wanted to join you and believe me, I tried several times but I couldn’t in those first few weeks because what if you came back with some unbelievable story to explain it all away?  So I gave my gun to Lestrade, I threw myself into work trying to get through each hour at a time.  By the end of those six months I had to make a decision.  That you were gone for good and I should join you or to try and move forward with my life.”
Sherlock kept one hand on John's cock to guide him while he moved his other to his hip to pull him forward.
“You’ve made mistakes?  I’ve made so many, I don’t know how you can forgive me.  I married an assassin, nearly beat you to death, got stuck on an island and almost drowned in a well.  How can you just forgive and forget all that?”
John glanced up when he heard the chair scrape across the floor.  He rolled his eyes, “Alright let’s have it.  Though I must admit, I expected you long before this.”
Sherlock grinned, "Don’t stop now.  Keep going John, longer, firmer strokes,  all the way to the base.” Sherlock paused, waiting for John to comply.  "Good, now cup your balls, just like that.  Play with them.  God John look at you, so hard, so flushed.  Do you always get this way when you touch yourself and I’m not here?  Or is it just when I’m here to watch?  Do you like it when I watch and tell you what to do?“   Sherlock licked up John’s neck now, causing a hitch in his breath.
That’s exactly what Sherlock did, he carefully slid down the entire length of Joh’s cock until he was fully seated and it was killing John not to be able to move, but he was going to let Sherlock lead.”
Sherlock’s eyes went wide, “John, you had every reason to be angry with me.  I betrayed your trust by pretending to be dead for two years and then pushed you into a marriage you didn’t really want when I got back because I was an arrogant arse and I thought that’s what you really wanted.  I misread or ignored, still not quite sure which, all the tells that should have told me who and what Mary was, but did so because I thought you were happy and that’s all I wanted and you still were letting me be part of your life.”  He stopped and took a sip of his tea.
Their first kiss happened accidentally.  Sherlock was actually cleaning up his mess in the kitchen and was standing at the sink not grumbling for once.  He was just happy to have John home where he belonged and since he made the mess, he began to clean it without being told.
John couldn’t believe his ears, Sherlock had changed over these four months, some bad and some good.  He was impressed that Sherlock would rather talk than just read his journal, but he was upset to see that he went back to his old habit of barely eating enough.  He would work on changing that when he moved back in.  There was a lot he had to do, break the lease to his flat, but that wouldn’t be a problem and it wouldn’t take long to pack because he only had what he owned when he used to live at 221b.
He sighed and sipped his tea and stared at the untouched muffin that sat before him.  He hadn’t wanted it, but he thought he should eat something as he hadn’t eaten yet today.  He was so preoccupied with his thoughts, he never heard the bell over the door announce its newest customer which is why he was caught off guard when the man with the umbrella joined him at his table.
“That sounds fine.  We should really be able to get everything out today, if that makes it easier for you.”
As if Sherlock could read his thoughts, he came up behind John and put his arms around his waist and nuzzled his neck.  “Everything’s going to be fine.”
“Mmmm, don’t want to now,” Sherlock mumbled, lifting his head and nuzzling into John’s neck.  “John, I want you to have me now.”
So I completely understand if you want to leave.  In fact, I am begging you to because I don’t deserve you.  I cannot give you what you need from a relationship, I wish it could be different, but I know it never will be.  I know it is something beyond my capability.  Please don’t be angry with me or yourself for that matter.  You wanted us to be open with each other and that’s what I’m trying to do now.  This is me saving your life once again John because if you stay with me, there is nothing but ruin ahead.  I hope you can understand that.
“Yes, I know John, but I much prefer we talk about things because there are things I have never told you about my time away.  Things that need recounting.  I just can’t hand you some journal and say, here read this you’ll understand.  That does not mean I don’t value or understand the importance of the choice you’ve given me by allowing me to read the journal, it’s just I can’t offer you the same.  If we do this, it should be done equally, the same.”
And it continued that way for the next five months, but as things were wont to do, eventually it did start to wear on John and he did find himself missing Sherlock.  John found himself sitting in the small café one dreary Wednesday midday in March.  It had been slow and Sarah told him to take the rest of the day to go home and rest up, he had looked like he needed it.  Truth was, he did – not that he would admit to it, but the last five months had been a bit of mind fuck.  Also there was the small fact that where he lived now, a small bedsit (still) was not the home he desired to retreat to even though he swore he was not going to give in that easily to one Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock wasn’t aware of how loud he was being because Lestrade, Donovan, and Anderson could hear him, having to resort to putting their pillows over their heads to try and dampen the noise.  They couldn’t actually believe what they were hearing.
They’d been playing this cat and mouse game for weeks now. John was attracted to Sherlock, but was still in denial about it. Sherlock, well that was a different story. Sherlock had realised his feelings for his flatmate after their encounter at the pool with Moriarty. At first he was having trouble coming to terms with them, but now, all he wanted was John. John was becoming his everything, intruding his every thought. That was disturbing. He spent years banishing the need for any kind of emotions. Emotions and feelings made you weak - vulnerable. However with John, that wasn’t the case. It didn’t make him feel weak. In fact, just the opposite. It made him feel even more capable and strong. He also became very protective of John. If only he could convey this to John, maybe that would make John see that… well that was absurd really, seeing as how John like to constantly remind everyone and anyone who would listen that he was most certainly
“I understand that now and I know I still haven’t answered your question, why I chose her if it’s you that I really wanted.  I’m not sure I can adequately explain it but I will try and please do not see it as me trying to place blame elsewhere, because that’s not it.  I felt stuck.  I was so unbelievably mad at you though so relieved you were back that all I wanted was to come back home to you but then there was Mary and you were so intent that I stay with her that I couldn’t fathom it.  I mean you wanted me by your side to help with cases and the like but not at Baker Street where I should have been.  I should have insisted but I was just so glad to have you back that I didn’t want to push you away.”
Sherlock looked through the window.  He saw a black sedan pull up and a smartly dressed woman get out with a briefcase.  “Ah, speaking of the realtor, this must be her now.”  Sherlock moved himself and John to the front door to greet her.
John looked up at Sherlock and took a sip of his wine, he needed some liquid courage.  “So, a nice dinner out on the town at Mrs. Hudson’s suggestion?”
John lifted his head to capture Sherlock’s lips again, who had backed away a bit and in the process hooked his leg around Sherlock's and rolled them, reversing their positions.
John’s short nails were now digging into his palm, to keep him from exploding. “I doubt it.  So just tell him that nothing has changed when you report back to him how this meeting went.  I don’t want to see him and I don’t want to talk to him.”  John now raised his hand from his lap and slid the envelope back towards Mycroft.
John chuckled, knowing Sherlock didn’t want to acknowledge what John was referring to.  He leaned forward placing a kiss to his temple then brushing his fingers through the silver streaks, letting them get caught just enough to pull a small moan from Sherlock.
He looked up at John. He had under estimated the good doctor. “Well, one thing. I don’t care who knows about us. I have no problem showing the world how I feel about you. That is unless you object to it.”
John looked at Mycroft in disbelief, he clenched his fist which was sitting in his lap.  He could feel the anger boiling right below the surface.  It was smart of Mycroft to corner him here in this café.  He took several grounding breathes before he spoke and when he did, his tone was clipped and words concise.
“That won’t be a problem John, as far as I’m concerned we can start packing your stuff tomorrow and moving you back home.  I miss having you here, it feels empty without you in the flat.”
John groaned as his eyes slid shut, hand running down his stomach to his groin, palming himself through his pyjama bottoms.  He shivered at the contact, he really shouldn’t. He should wait for Sherlock, but that could be God knows how long and he was so hard.
All Sherlock could do was nod his head and touch his lips where John’s lips had been previously.  Tonight was the beginning of a whole new chapter of their life.
“Very w-w-worth it, if you help me out and fuck me senseless once you get these damn things out of me.”
“My bed is certainly big enough to accommodate us both, if you were to sleep upstairs in Rosie’s room, you would only confuse her since she is used to sleeping by herself and the sofa is out for you due to your leg and shoulder, and you know how my sleeping patterns are, so the answer seems clear.”
'God, yes, don't stop, just stay...' he paused a moment trying to catch his breath, 'just not faster, least not yet.'
And then years later, you came along and you were so unlike anyone I had ever met before.  God how I had longed for you after that first brief meeting, amazed when you showed up the next day to look at the flat with me.  And there were so many possibilities opening up in front of me, but all I could think about is how much it hurt to lose something and I was never going to risk that again, because no one ever stayed.  And then you managed so much in the first forty-eight hours of our meeting that I could see hope and it scared me so I kept the walls up.  At least I tried to, but you kept chipping them down slowly over the next year and a half and then Moriarty threatened your life and I had to give back what you had given me.  I had to save your life.  I just didn’t realise the impact of what it would do to me or how it would really effect you.
John wasn’t sure what to think about that.  He had been curious as to exactly what Sherlock had been up to those two years but he never really questioned the nature because Sherlock came back and seemed fine, but now with this statement, maybe that was not quite the case.  He’d been so focused on himself and his pain that he never even once gave a thought as to what Sherlock had been through or how he was coping.
“That would be nice, thank you John,” he looked down at Rosie who had finished half of her bottle and winked, it was now or never.  “John…” He waited for John to answer him back so he knew he was listening.
Sherlock reached across the table and took John’s hand, “sounds perfect, I’ll call Mycroft as soon as I’m finished eating.”  He said taking a heaping forkful of egg.
John.  I am so sorry for what you must be going through now.  I didn’t understand how it would effect you until I was lying there on the ground and heard your voice.  I wanted to tell you then but the process had already begun.  There was no turning back.  Your life was still in danger from Moriarty.  That was his price.  Your life or mine.  There was no choice in which to choice.  It was yours, it always had been.  You’ve always been so much more than me and always will.  I hope that when I am done securing your safety and return, you can understand and maybe even forgive me since you are a much better man than I can ever dare to dream to be.  I expect it to take no longer than two or three months, but know this John I am sorry and if I had truly understood, I would have found another way, I would have listened to Mycroft.  –SH
When they arrived, Angelo greeted them warmly at the door and showed the to their reserved table immediately.  He disappeared for the briefest of moments, returning with a basket of garlic bread and a bottle of his best wine.
“John, nearly all of it was as much my fault as it was yours.  I could have seen past Mary’s facade, if I hadn’t been too preoccupied in thinking that’s who you wanted.  And you beating me, well I deserved that, have for some time so don’t be too harsh on yourself.  Besides, we caught ourselves a killer in the endgame.  And as for Eurus, nobody, not even my brother had the foresight to see her coming, but we survived it.”
He gently placed his fingertips on the back of John’s neck and slightly guided his head forward and began to work the muscles in his neck with his nimble fingertips, being careful not to cause any pain, but to relieve what pain he had.
Sherlock gasped in surprised as their bodies slotted together almost perfectly and John spread his legs causing them to shift and their growing erections to brush together. They both moaned.
Sherlock blinked, several times in fact, his mind shutting down for several moments before it worked out what John had actually said.
“Well,” John intervened, “it’s just like Sherlock said, the poor fellow must have been so depressed about his entire life that he finally snapped.”
‘Shh…’ John soothes, ‘just lie back and relax. I’ve got you.’ He reassures him before he wraps his lips around Sherlock’s crown and sucks lightly. John knows he needs to do this slow, draw it out, take his time. He can tell Sherlock can barely contain himself as it is because of the way he’s writhing underneath him.
He knew John would never take something like this on if he harboured the slightest doubt of it not working. Maybe, just maybe this could really work after all.
The next morning no one said anything and they headed into town and as predicted, Sherlock had solved the case by noon.
At this point, John was half tempted to text Lestrade and curse at him for the lack of cases. However, that would be bad manners on John’s part because he knew it was not Lestrade’s fault. He grimaced and shut his laptop, pinching the bridge of his nose. He knew he was going to regret this.
As John was distracted by pleading, Sherlock pushed forward and slowly slipped inside until he was buried all the way into the hilt.  John lifted his legs and wrapped them around Sherlock’s waist and wanted more.
“But I know that’s not what you want, you just want the cases and the adrenaline they provide and I’m not sure I can live like that anymore, not with how I feel.”
Sherlock checked the time, it was half four.  “Does six work for you?  I need a shower and Mrs. Hudson said she was available all evening and we always have a table waiting for us at Angelo’s as you’re well aware so no need to call ahead.”
He became aware of Sherlock's presence when Sherlock crawled on top of him and grabbed the book and threw it across the room.
John was nearly at his wits end. He grit his teeth. “Actually Sherlock I said two, and so help me if you don’t find something to occupy yourself with, then I may resort to tying you up and gagging you so that I may have some peace.”
John groaned, “Fuck Sherlock, if you don’t soon…” and words were lost as Sherlock sealed his lips around heated skin and slid down John’s length about an inch.  John’s head fell back now against the pillow and he groaned louder as he felt Sherlock’s mouth slide upwards and then down again a bit further, then up again, stopping to working the sensitive skin of his frenulum with his tongue and Sherlock groaning in delight when John’s fingers clenched in his hair pulling it tight.
John was delighted because he could see the effect it had on Sherlock, there were spaces and pauses between his words, almost like he'd forgotten how to speak.  His next movement was sliding a second finger next to the first and matching Sherlock's groan as he pushed them forward.
John didn’t know where to begin.  How could Sherlock think that’s not what he wanted?  Surely he understood why John needed time; why they both needed time after everything that had happened.  John opened his mouth to speak then shut it again.  He needed to think about the best place to start before he made things worse.  He decided to play it safe, “drink your tea and eat your toast and then we will talk.”
Rosie finished her bottle and Sherlock burped her and then set her in her play pen and surrounded her with her favourite toys.  Satisfied that she was settled, he moved to the kitchen and got out the eggs and the rest of the ingredients for a fry up.  Sherlock was in the middle of cooking when he felt arms around his waist.
Usually John tops and that's always been fine between them, but you never know when Sherlock might decide to stir things up a bit. It's usually after a case when adrenaline is running high but today has been an ordinary day. No cases, no experiments, no writing on the blog - just a mundane day if you will.
Sherlock pondered her statement a moment.  She was correct and it was the logical assumption, but Sherlock was afraid to get his hopes up because if John said yes, there was so much more he wanted.  He wanted to do it right, with them together as they should be and he was still unclear about John’s true feelings towards him.
“Mine is closer..” Sherlock pointed out raising his eyebrow hoping John would agree.  He'd spent many nights dreaming of having John in his bed and now it seemed fantasy was about to become reality.
Finally, he reached his destination and instead of taking Sherlock in his mouth right away, he alternated puffing hot and cold breaths along the length of Sherlock’s throbbing erection. By this time Sherlock had unzipped the sleeping bag so John would have fresh air and so that he could almost see what John was doing in the dark.  When he got down the entire length. He blew some cold air on his balls and then took one in his mouth at a time and began to suck on it and roll his tongue over before laving over each one once again then using the flat of his tongue to lick up the underside of Sherlock’s erection from root to tip.  Still teasing, he tongued at the slit savouring the bitter, salty taste of Sherlock.
“Oh God, Oh God,” They were yelling in unison and John begged Sherlock to take care of his eager cock. Sherlock had no trouble obliging John, he raised his palms to John’s mouth and requested one thing, “Lick, nice and sloppy, get it soaked for me.”
When he was finally finished and came back to his senses Sherlock pulled off and turned around and kissed John deeply, “That was amazing and then he plopped down onto John’s chest with a smile on his face.  “We can take a shower after we rest a bit. I would very much like it for you to hold me now.
It was the please and the way John’s voice cracked that finally made Sherlock lock eyes with John.  He couldn’t ignore John any longer or any of his pleas and while John hadn’t gone on a long tirade like he was usually apt to do, what he said was more than enough.  It sunk in, all the way to Sherlock’s heart.
‘John, I can't,' Sherlock pants and John pulls off and kisses up his stomach to his lips, "you can, we'll go slow, we have all the time in the world, you tell me what to do, what you want.'
John inhaled deeply.  Sherlock hadn’t meant to bring Mary up and he was kicking himself for doing so.
“Pleased to meet you, your brother explained the situation and I’m happy to help you sell this flat.  My name’s Rebecca Whitson. How long did you live here?”
She clapped her hands together and gurgled happily at Sherlock and John was struck at the change in the pair of them, Sherlock being so helpful with Rosie and Rosie, not the cranky infant she used to be.  Things had definitely changed for the better in the last two months.  He continued pretending he was sleeping and it wasn’t until Sherlock sat down on the sofa with Rosie feeding her, that he finally stirred, pretending to wake for the first time.
Sherlock climbed into the shower and urged John to hurry. When he turned them around so John was under the spray of water he couldn’t help but gasp. John was even more impressive than any dream he had imagined.
Rachel smiled warmly at him, pushing a lock of her dark curls behind her ear. “He’s a great man, I’m happy for him. I’m assuming he’s at work since little Rosie is joining us today?” Rosie perked up immediately at the sound of her name and beamed at Rachel, thriving in all of the attention. John grinned, reaching out and stroking her hair gently.
Normally, Sherlock would’ve opted to the the long way back and walk, but he insisted on a cab ride back to Baker Street. He didn’t say it out loud, but it didn’t take much to realise that he inexplicably felt safer and more out of Moriarty’s reach in the protective shelter of a car, rather than out in the open in the streets. He was silent the entire ride back home, something absolutely unheard of in John’s history with the man.
“Reinbachen…” Sherlock breathed slowly, and John watched his shoulders slump down a bit as he exhaled, pulling his hand from John’s grip. John stayed silent as he looked down, staring at the pattern on their bedspread as his large hands began to clench and unclench in his lap.
So when he feels the soft touch of a hand against his arm, it’s not surprising that he reacts violently to it. He always does, no matter who it is, it’s just instinct to him and he’s trying to protect himself.
John found himself shaking his head before his thoughts had finished, dropping his arms down from his chest.
When they got home, Sherlock immediately made a beeline for Rosie’s bedroom upstairs, mumbling something about taking care of her bedtime routine tonight. John merely sighed, watching him go before flopping down onto the couch in the living room, digging in his pocket and pulling out the now wrinkled receipt.
John squinted a bit, his mouth falling into a frown as Sherlock sat back up slowly, his hands sliding their way back down John’s ribcage. John remained still as he did so, his fingertips lingering over the fabric of his baggy shirt, before he finally rested his hands on the sides of John’s thighs.
“Well, I have faith in my partner. As long as you tell us everything you know, we’ll try our hardest to find her.” The man had nodded, running a shaky hand through his short brown hair before pushing his glasses back up on the bridge of his nose, falling silent.
“Grab Rosie, and come on!” John blinked, still processing the entire situation before he turned back to the park, immediately making a beeline for Rosie.
“Oh, relax. You’ll see him soon enough.” Moriarty sidestepped around the chair, swinging his arms back and forth lazily as he began to pace, snaking his way around Sherlock. “Aren’t you gonna ask me how I did it?” He grinned, tilting his head slightly as he stopped on his left side. “Or have you already figured it out?”
His pale skin seemed almost sinewy, stretched across his face like some sort of anguished mask you’d find in a play. His eyes were full of fear, their usual dim sparkle absent completely. The constant passing of car lights and billboard neons danced across his face in an almost demeaning fashion, and all he could do was blink at John in return, his mouth opening and closing helplessly.
“Of course he’s welcome inside...Sherlock!” A shiver ran down his spine and he tried his best to ignore it, swallowing down all his fear in order to lift his head up and meet the man’s eyes.
John grinned fondly at his offended tone, shrugging a bit and crossing the flat as he spoke. “Dunno...I’m sure it’ll clear up by tomorrow, though…” He slid his arms instinctively around Sherlock’s waist, resting his head against his back for a moment. “Did you get any more info from Lestrade?”
Sherlock nodded quickly before walking down the hallway, stopping in the living room for a brief moment before looking around.
“30!” Sherlock’s head flew up immediately, letting out an audible sigh of relief when he heard yet another empty click. John let out a choked sort of sobbing noise, his hands hitting the edge of the table to keep himself standing.
“Who is it, John?” John watched amusedly as he walked down the hallway, wrapped in nothing but a white sheet before he met Mycroft’s gaze, giving him a sly smirk.
His stomach lurched sickeningly; he immediately slid his right hand over his left, the metal feeling like it was suddenly burning the skin right off of him.
“Do you know how to get to the cemetery from here?” he asked suddenly, and John nodded, turning and pointing towards the right.
He swallows a bit, his eyes flickering down to where John still has a death grip on his wrist before looking back up and meeting his eyes once more before putting on a strangely placid look, emotion draining from his face like color.
“I mean it, Sherlock. This may be your fight, and I get that, but I’m not going to sit here and let you take all of this on yourself. It’s you and me until the end, remember? You promised me that.” And it was true; he said it the first time they slept together.
John reached up and pushed a curl that had fallen into his eye, giving him a watery sort of smile that felt like a bullet in Sherlock’s chest.
This was ebbing within John’s mind like a lighthouse beacon, reminding him over and over again as he kissed Sherlock that this should’ve happened years ago. They wouldn’t be sitting here together, curled up in the darkness in an unfamiliar house. John wouldn’t have this sickening feeling of remorse residing in his stomach like a pound of lead and a wedding band that suddenly felt very heavy on his finger.
“Oh, do close your mouth. I don’t need you taking up any of my precious oxygen from me, my gay partner and his daughter.” John snorted, covering his mouth immediately to stifle it as Sherlock walked to the front door, pushing it open and gesturing for him to leave. “Don’t bother going back to Scotland Yard, either; the Detective Inspector despises homophobes.” He smiled brightly at him, shooing him out before shutting the door in his face as John leapt up from his chair.
“It seems like everything is haunted for you.” John fought back the urge to roll his eyes, sighing softly as he tapped his lip with his finger carefully.
“I’ll think about it,” he replied, and Sherlock smiled brightly, obviously happy with his response before holding his hand up and shooing him out of the way. John bit back a grin as he fired three shots into the newly painted smiley face, shoving his hands into his pockets as he watched.
“Ah, Rosie must be hungry, hm? Let’s go eat before you get a bath and go to bed.” John was floored. Sherlock’s voice had taken a tone he hadn’t quite heard before, but maybe he’d just never noticed. Every time Sherlock had been around Rosie by himself, he and Mary had been either asleep or gone so he’d never really seen them interact. She had been so exhausting just a few months ago, and still was, of course, but now that John was living in Baker Street once more he was finally beginning to see Sherlock’s attitude towards his daughter.
John’s mouth fell open in disbelief and Molly opened and closed her mouth a few times, as if wanting to say something but not knowing what. Sherlock’s pale face had turned a shade pink, and Rosie began cooing loudly as slowly walked over, reaching out and taking her gently.
That night, it snowed for hours and Sherlock ended up falling asleep on the couch, wrapped in his blue robe with a book on his chest. John wandered into the living room to check on him after taking a particularly long shower and sighed a bit, walking back into his bedroom and fetching a blanket and covering him up. Sherlock reached out and swiped at him lazily in his sleep before turning around on and burying his face into one of the cushions, the book falling onto the floor. John jumped out of the way and smiled fondly, shaking his head before turning out the lights and walking out.
“I’m being serious, Sherlock,” he warned, and Sherlock groaned dramatically at him in response, throwing his head back and nearly colliding with the cabinet behind him.
The crowds were still abundant despite the massive rainstorm outside. People stood huddled beneath umbrellas, street performers sulking in their now soaked costumes. Sherlock leapt from the cab as soon as it stopped, throwing some money in the driver’s general direction before slamming the door shut and weaving his way quickly through the steps, making a beeline for the steps leading up to the Globe.
“Wait...wait, stop!” Sherlock watched the man stop, turning abruptly to face him as he jogged forward, pointing to the newspaper. “Is that today’s?”
The rage that filled Sherlock in that moment was something he’d never quite experienced before in his life. Sure, he’d gotten mad loads of times; a fair few of them had been towards John. He’d gotten pissed off and angry and seen red in his vision, but they’d been nothing like what he was feeling towards this man right now.
Sherlock smirked, flashing him a smug look. “Of course I did. Are you forgetting who you’re talking to?” John grinned, slowly letting him go as Sherlock leaned forward to set Rosie down on the ground, who happily made a beeline for her toys that littered the couch on the other side of the room. John watched happily as his boyfriend flopped down in his chair, crossing his legs like he always did and pulled out his phone, scrolling through it quickly with his thumb and waving John over impatiently. “I need your help with some pictures…”
There really isn’t words to describe what John felt in that moment. It was more than relief, more than love and admiration and joy. All he could feel was Sherlock’s body against his, long arms wrapped around his back and his wet nose against his neck. The pressure in his chest was gone; John took a deep breath and just inhaled Sherlock’s scent. If he thinks about it today, he can still smell him.
John knew he was ready when the experiments in the kitchen began again, and suddenly their fridge was full of body parts from the morgue once more.
Sherlock had been thankful to see John many times in his life; if he was being honest, waking up beside him every single morning was something to be thankful for. But he felt his body suddenly weaken, as if the strain and stress from the past few hours had just suddenly decided to leave him all at once. Sherlock nearly cried out in relief, seeing his boyfriend slowly walk downstage, still in the same khakis and green sweater he’d seen him in the night before, when John was helping him go to bed, drugged up and nearly unconscious. John reached center stage, blinking slowly in Sherlock’s direction, his arms hanging limply at his sides. He swallowed once, Sherlock watching his Adam’s apple bob slightly. His mouth was set in a slight frown, but Sherlock could see everything he needed to in John’s eyes. His watery, shiny, fearful blue eyes.
Once Sherlock finally rescued Mycroft from his baby misery, the three of them sat down in their usual spots, Rosie sitting in Sherlock’s lap and chewing on a teething biscuit.
It didn’t happen for another 9 days, but the duo finally caught the kidnapper in Trafalgar Square, of all places. Lestrade had received a call from a woman early in the morning voicing her concern for a man and his three “children”, who’d looked visibly scared while travelling with him. Sherlock and John quite literally ambushed him in the middle of the public square, John grabbing the kids while Sherlock pinned the kidnapper against the wall of a building nearby. Fortunately for him, the man wasn’t much of a fighter, instead hurling loud insults in Sherlock’s face that got John’s blood boiling but didn’t seem to affect the detective in the slightest.
John tightened his hold on Rosie instinctively, taking a step forward and grabbing ahold of his arm. He quickly pulled him towards the edge of the sidewalk they were on, stepping halfway into the darkened alley in between two shops. People began to pass them without a second glance.
John had seen Sherlock in many ways, shapes and forms before. He had seen him on his good days, and a lot more on his bad ones. He felt as if he’d seen pretty much every side of this man that he loved, that he cared so deeply for. But the way Sherlock greeted him at the door that night was unlike anything he’d ever seen before, in...well, anyone.
“John…” John clenched his jaw immediately, closing his eyes and shaking his head, willing himself to stay calm.
“This is different, John. Before, when he wanted to mess with me, you were my pressure point. Just you, and he knew that. That’s why he kept using you, to get to me. But now...now, I have two.” His voice cracked slightly on the last word and he quickly cleared his throat, trying to hide it. He blinked a few times, turning his head away and breaking the gaze in fear of letting his emotions break free for John to see. “This is completely different.”
“It’s our first night together as a family, actually. I only get to live it out once.” HIs voice was calm and nonchalant, as if it were the most normal thing in the world to say, but John felt as if his heart had suddenly swelled 5 times its normal size. He bit his lip, still watching Rosie fixedly as he cleared his throat, nodding in agreement.
“Right...the pictures...” His voice faltered as he looked at them, squinting his eyes slightly as he concentrated. Sherlock wasn’t paying much attention; he threw his towel to the floor as he finished and looked down to Rosie, who was trying her hardest to climb into his lap, sucking loudly on her pacifier.
“And we can discuss them all later when…” and Sherlock picked this exact moment to slip in another finger, and then after a little addition of more lube a third joined.
He stretched and looked over to where Sherlock sat with Rosie and smiled and said, “Hey,” reaching down and picking the book up and closing it and putting it on the stand, he stood and stretched again. “I can take her so you can get back to your slides.”
“I know you have some issues you feel we need to discuss before this can be right for you and now seems like the opportune moment.” Sherlock said as the kettle clicked off and he poured their tea.
That was all it took John began to spurt and coat their stomachs with ropes of come.  Sherlock slowed his hips and worked John through his orgasm pulling out right before John became too over sensitive and kissed him deeply once last time before rolling off John onto his side, gently placing his leg over John’s lower legs and his arm across his stomach.  He was still hard, but didn’t say anything, he wanted John to enjoy every moment of this, he could wait until later for what John promised him or slip into the bathroom and take care of himself. Until John surprised him rolling Sherlock to his back and crawling on top of him and kissing him gently and then down his neck sucking at the tender spot just below his clavicle and Sherlock moaned.
John smiled, “You don’t have to ask me twice.”  John took his hand and they wandered down the hall and got ready for bed.
Wednesday John had come to learn his flat had sold.  He hadn’t really been thinking about it, so the news was quite a shock.  The relator had got the asking price and he was out of debt, just like that.  In fact, there was even a little bit of money left over that John saw fit to start a bank account for Rosie.
Sherlock leaned forward, planting a soft kiss to John’s lips before he murmured, ‘John you are so far from ordinary, you are my everything, my conductor of light.’
John redoubled his efforts and bobbed his head a few times, and then went for it. He relaxed his throat and in one swift move took Sherlock to the root, then up again, then back down, slow at first, then increasing the speed.
Let me make this perfectly clear.  This is not on you.  You did nothing wrong.  This is all me and all of my short sightedness and disregard for other people’s feelings.
That’s when John smirked and softly pushed Sherlock on his back and crawled on top of Sherlock straddling him, pushing their groins together and thrusting slowly.  When Sherlock felt John’s cock through his pants he groaned.   John smiled lacing their fingers together, pulling Sherlock’s arms above his head.  “Tell me what you want gorgeous.”
“Oh John, fuck John, I’m almost there. Just a little more and John began to lick at his neck all the way up to his ear and began to whisper into his ear.  “My gorgeous detective I know you need to come.  Do it for me, I want to see you cover your stomach and my hand with your come.”
He began working on Sherlock’s hole and soon enough he had both fingers buried inside Sherlock, massaging his prostate, Sherlock now begging and pleading with him, John sped up his rhythm and sucked him down further, Sherlock moaning as he felt the tip of cock brush the back of John’s throat and he was surprised to find John had no gag reflex, he cursed as John swallowed down around him and began to massage his prostate faster.
“Sherlock, we don’t have to now, it can wait.” John whispered as Sherlock began to nip at his neck and crawled over John and bracketed John’s body with his legs and hands.  Sherlock brushed his nose against John’s lips, “Please I want you.”  He lowered his hips, rocking himself against John, “Please John.”
He looked at the clock and decided he had plenty of time, John had a shift until three this afternoon and it was only half ten, plenty of time to get acquainted with the new toy. He pulled the toy from the box, unwrapped it and read over the instructions:
John stuck his head around the corner and looked at Sherlock.  “That sounds like a fine idea, as long as Mrs. Hudson doesn’t mind.”
Ultimately it didn’t matter.  As far as Sherlock had been concerned, he had been justified in his actions because after all, he was protecting John – and Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade – but first and foremost John.  Most would wonder why, since Sherlock wasn’t the sentimental type, but he had come to find that John was his everything.  He just hadn’t realised it until that very day when he heard John’s voice crack and felt his hand shake as he searched fruitlessly for a pulse that had been masked not to be there all thanks to a little rubber ball.  Sherlock hadn’t expected the broken sobs that tore from John’s being.
Sherlock had set up a steady pace, not too fast and not too slow, just perfect to bring John some relief.  When John began to writhe underneath him, he pulled off and travelled back up the length of his body, trailing kisses over flushed skin, while the hand that rested on John heated skin now fondled his balls making John buck his hips searching out for friction but finding none.
“Well I guess that it doesn’t matter since there’s only one and it looks big enough for four people.”
By this time, Lestrade had grabbed both Anderson and Donovan’s arms and ordered them back to their tents.  “I think we’ve seen enough, now let them have their privacy and so help me either of you mention any of this tomorrow or when we get back to the Yard, I will personally see you both demoted.”
“I have never been sure about anything more in my life other than the fact how much I love you and how much time we have wasted.”
Alright. This was harder than Sherlock was expecting. He’d been flirting (if you could call it that) with John for weeks now. He just told John flat out that he wouldn’t mind if he tied him up, what more could he do? He couldn’t go on wanting and not having. Then it occurred to him what he could do, but if he crossed this line, there was no turning back. He could lose John forever. However, he couldn’t go on living with this feeling of not knowing. He wanted so much more for him and John. He wanted everything.
It took a moment for Sherlock to catch up. He was still in shock from John’s kiss. “Since the pool…” it came out as barely a whisper. He wanted to say so much more, but it just died in his throat.
Sherlock had been pacing, mumbling to himself and John was ignoring him as he tried to read the novel he bought three months ago. John was stretched out on the sofa and did see Sherlock disappear into his bedroom and was unaware that he locked the door.
John reached over and brushed the tears away from Sherlock’s eyes.  “Mycroft had found it when they pulled you out of Serbia but it was badly damaged and when he saw you were in no rush to get back to work, it fell to the side.  In fact, it wasn’t until I had gone to him to ask for his help in replacing it that he told me he actually had it, but it was in need of massive repairs.  I told him I would pay whatever necessary to have it fixed and he said he’d take care of it.  It took a while because of course he had to track down the original designer and I was beginning to worry that it wasn’t going to be finished in time, but late last week he phoned me and I had Mrs. Hudson hiding it for me ever since.  I wanted Christmas to be special this year since we didn’t have one last year thanks to my stubbornness.”  He paused, allowing both of them time to catch their breath.
John let his hand drift further and was surprised to feel silk boxers, wetness already soaking the top of the fabric where Sherlock’s erection resided.
Sherlock frowned, but covered it quickly, “Didn’t you leave an extra outfit or two here for emergencies?  Just use the shower here and use one of those, it will save you the hassle of running across town and possibly getting stuck in traffic.”
John reached out and stroked his cheek. “Pity, but then I suppose those people aren’t as fortunate as I am.
John took the coat as Sherlock stood and rose with him.  He helped the taller man slip into the coat and the smile that lit up Sherlock’s face had been well worth the wait.
“Look, I know this is sudden and all, but I think we’re finally both on the same page as far as where we would like things to proceed from here.”  John reached across the table again and grasped Sherlock’s hands in his, rubbing circles on the back of his palms.  “It’s New Year’s and I thought tonight we might start it new together, as a couple, see where things go.”
The first time John noticed the silver at Sherlock’s temple, Sherlock had been hunched over the microscope peering at a slide and John thought it was the light from the window playing tricks on his eyes.  He’d promptly forgotten about it.
John was sitting in his chair thinking about things and Rosie was upstairs taking her afternoon nap and Sherlock was at Bart’s working on a case.
John grasps his hips lightly as he slides his lips further down Sherlock’s length, massaging his shaft with his tongue as he does.
John cleared his throat and nodded, trying not to let the tears fall, “But how can you forgive what I’ve done?  I called you a right bastard and worse, told you I’d rather have anyone in the world other than you and beat you enough to hospitalise you.”
“John, I couldn’t take my eyes of you now if I tried.  What a sight you are, I should film this, let you watch afterwards so you can see how desperate you are for my words and for me to watch.”
He ran his hand up John’s chest and shoulder to the back of his neck and pulled John closer, tilting his head and teasingly licking back only until John parted his lips and let Sherlock pulled him in closer. The kiss was heated and John ran his hands up Sherlock’s scarred back and pulled Sherlock on top of him.
“I want you to ride me.  I want to watch your face as you have me pinned on the seat taking what you want until I’m ready to take control back. You know the rules though, only I get to touch your cock.”
“Would have been a waste of money to change numbers, you would have just provided him with the new one.  There is nothing, NOTHING, he could say to justify any much less all of it.”
He cleared his throat, “I’m sorry John. I have over stepped a boundary and completely understand if you wish to leave…” he was going to continue on and that’s when John stood, stepped around the desk, grabbed Sherlock’s collar and pulled him down into a kiss.
Sherlock had left them to instruct the workers what to do next, he had them pack John’s things and then had them pack all of Mary’s things separately and the kitchen cleaned out, ready to go to the consignment.
This kiss, this kiss said so much more. Everything they were afraid to put into words. Heated, ferocious, tongues clashing, teeth banging, this was unlike anything either of them could have hoped for. They broke for a moment, chests heaving, and staring heatedly at each other.
He lost his train of thought as he heard Sherlock breeze through the door with Rosie, quietly murmuring to her, “Maybe we can let your daddy sleep a little more, put him in a better mood so he’ll agree to dinner. So how about we get your bottle ready?”
I’d rather have you alive and not in my life than you with me and in danger every moment you are by my side.
When Lestrade finally left, he turned to face Sherlock and found him already walking towards the main road, pulling his coat tighter around his body.
Sherlock sighed and shook his head, pulling his arm from his grip. “No, you’re not. Someone has to take Rosie home, and this doesn’t involve you.” His voice was short and to the point, cutting John like a knife. He was stunned momentarily, barely giving the words time to sink in before he was barreling on again.
He hated that word, haunting. To be haunted, you had to actually feel something, had to take the time to realize that something was wrong instead of ignoring it all of the time. It didn’t feel like that at all.
“Too cliche. I was thinking, ‘Red, White and Murder’.” Sherlock merely stared at him for a moment, blinking a bit as if contemplating it.
It was as if his brain was rejecting what his older brother had just told him, like an organ unfit for a transplant. The information was so vague, so skewed and yet Sherlock knew exactly what was said.
It was only around mid afternoon when they got back, and Rosie was due for her nap anyway so John put her to bed, watching her fall asleep for a few minutes before walking back towards the kitchen. Mrs. Hudson had appeared in a small amount of time it had taken him to get inside and get situated and was watching him with a worried look in the doorway, wringing her hands.
Sherlock whimpered in response, and John ran his fingers through his thick curls, resting his cheek against the side of his head gently. “It’s going to be alright, I promise you.”
“So much for your security, Mycroft. Do me a favor and triple the protection at Baker Street, I’m going out and I need to be sure that Mrs. Hudson and Rosie are okay.” His thumb hovered over the end button, ready to hang up before Mycroft stopped him loudly on the other end.
And really, it probably should’ve hurt him more to say that. John found himself closing the bedroom door behind him, eager to muffle out the quiet crying he’d just heard beginning from within. But it was late, he was exhausted and quite frankly, Sherlock had done this to himself. He wasn’t going to sit there and act like everything was okay when it wasn’t. It didn’t matter anymore; Moriarty hadn’t been the one to put the heroin needle in his hand.
“Because that’s what you’re supposed to do! I’m the one living off of borrowed time, I’m the one who’s addicted to drugs and I’m the one with all of the fucking skeletons in my closet!” His voice was icy and sharp and even colder than when he had yelled at him at the crime scene, and John felt the tension in the room thicken dramatically. Sherlock turned swiftly on his heel then, a look of sheer desperation taking over his face. “You’re the one with the daughter, with the normal career as a doctor and the one with a future, John! It doesn’t matter if I die! It never has mattered!”
Mrs. Hudson had taken Rosie out and about for the day, so the couple had the rest of it to themselves. Sherlock was visibly exhausted, the lack of sleep from the past 3 weeks seeming to catch up with him at once. John urged him to take a nap but he insisted on getting a bath, and the two of them ended up sitting in the warm water for nearly 2 hours together.
“Where’s the umbrella? You took it out of the car, didn’t you?” Sherlock ignored him, shrugging off his wet coat and hanging it on the hook to his left, wiping water from his eyes with his fingers.
John felt his chest suddenly begin to tighten up, the sheer capacity of what was actually happening hitting him like a truck. Sherlock Holmes, the actual proven sociopath, known across Europe for his lack of emotion and tact and utter rudeness in general, was asking John if he could go visit his dead parents’ gravesites tomorrow.
“Didn’t want to come home,” he replied simply, staring forward into the living room briefly before slowly making his way inside, stepping his way around Rosie’s scattered toys and books. John’s skin tingled uncomfortably from where Sherlock had grabbed him, and he quickly shut the door, probably slamming it a bit too loudly for all of his neighbors before turning on his heel.
He had to admit, it didn’t make much sense. From the way Sherlock had described the suicide, there wasn’t really any possible way he could’ve survived it. John ran his fingers along the now slightly smudged writing on the paper, frowning to himself as he struggled to come to terms with it all.
The rain showed no intent of stopping, and when John reached the second floor he spotted Sherlock and his daughter peering out the window, one of his large hands holding the lace curtain back for them to look out of.
He had his phone out the moment he set off down the stairs, dialing Greg’s number before he reached the bottom.
He pulled Sherlock’s face down quickly, immediately pressing his lips to his as his eyes fluttered shut.
“I love you, Papa…” she murmured into his skin. Sherlock felt his chest tighten up at that, swallowing thickly as he tilted his head down, pressing a kiss to the side of her cheek.
Sherlock couldn’t really remember much of what happened the night before; well, not before he got home. His head was pounding and he felt vaguely nauseous, his limbs sore and tense from being still for so long. There was barely any light pouring in from the windows, London still as dreary as it was yesterday. Sherlock breathed out slowly, his chest feeling strangely tight as he blinked up at the ceiling, listening to the sounds of the flat’s AC turning on.
John ignored him for a moment, getting everything together and putting the kettle on to boil before turning to face him directly once more, crossing his arms.
“I love you. I should’ve just fucking told you last night, but I love you. I’ll always love you, you know this, Sherlock…” His voice cracked, and Sherlock could hear the panic beginning to build as he spoke. Sherlock nodded quickly, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to his forehead, snaking his free arm around him again, pulling him close.
It took him forever to fall asleep; all he could think about was taking his boyfriend, Sherlock sociopath Holmes, to meet his dead parents in the morning, on Christmas Eve.
John snorted, shaking his head. “You’re right, he’s completely lost.” Sherlock giggled yet again, watching his brother squirm some more before John pulled him back, stepping back into the room. “Stop torturing Mycroft and go help him.”
He ambled his way to the door, pushing it open with a still slightly shaky hand and preceded to walk down the hall, the static noise getting progressively louder. He could see the dreary morning light aching to reach through the curtains in the living room, illuminating an object on the floor, the source of the noise.
“It’s not just SOMETHING, John! This isn’t a stupid case! This “something” was what we had planned on never happening, ever again! After Sherrinford, we were supposed to be DONE! And now I’m in the midst of this fucking hellhole that I can’t find my way out of and you and Rosie are both trapped down here with me!” He stood up then, still swaying slightly on his feet but not backing down nevertheless, looming over John with his tall frame. “So yes, you two mean absolutely NOTHING to me if it means that he doesn’t mess with you. I will NOT let him hurt you, do you understand that?!”
It wasn’t until after Mary’s death, until after they had started living together with Rosie that Mycroft had casually brought up the fact that Sherlock had been prone to panic attacks as a child. It had come as a shock to him because, well...this was Sherlock they were talking about. The always calm, always collected Sherlock Holmes that never let anyone see how emotional he could really get. Sure, he liked to yell and complain and quite literally throw temper tantrums about things at times, but John had never associated the word “panic” with him before.
Sherlock’s merely staring at him, his blue eyes full of mostly concern but also a hint of sleepiness. His dark curls are a mess on top of his head, sticking out in odd directions from being pressed up against his pillow, and he looks very pale tonight, something John does well to remember and ask about in the morning.
Mycroft scoffed loudly, turning his gaze up towards the ceiling with an uncomfortable look that John found hilarious. “Sherlock, for God’s sake, put on some clothes!” Sherlock hummed contentedly, swiping at his older brother with his sheet as he walked past him for his chair.
Sherlock seemed to agree, reaching out and running his hand down from John’s shoulder to his fingers, sliding his own in between his for a brief moment before nodding.
There was another silence, although this one seemed longer and more tense. Sherlock shuffled nervously back and forth on his feet, waiting for a reply but not really expecting one.
“Come on, John…” He reached down and cupped his face with one hand, suddenly aware of how badly his vision was blurring. “Wake up!” he demanded loudly, shaking his shoulders violently. John remained perfectly still, his head falling limply against Sherlock’s thigh as his shirt began to grow damp from the detective’s onslaught of tears.
John’s chest ached unbearably, but he nodded nevertheless. “Completely understand.” He tried his best to give him a small smile but it probably came out as a grimace. Sherlock avoided his eyes again, saying nothing more as John turned the corner and walked down the hall to his bedroom.
“Like father like daughter, isn’t that a saying?” he called out behind him and John smirked, following him.
He fought to stay beneath the umbrella in fear that Moriarty would snap at him, keeping up with his swift strides as they entered the theatre. The open arena theatre was completely empty, the only sound the constant shower of rain that was falling from the sky and over the seating surrounding the stage. Sherlock glanced uneasily ahead of him, scanning the place for any sort of movement or sign of life, but there was none. He turned towards Moriarty, trying to keep his voice steady.
“Don’t be sorry, I understand. If you need to bring her home early, just do it, okay?” Molly smiled a bit wider and nodded, looking down and quickly pulling the fabric from the baby’s mouth.
John could feel every pair of eyes fall on him at once, and he immediately tilted his head down, reaching up to stroke Rosie’s hair. “I’m sorry, bug…” he murmured quietly, pulling her hands from her ears. “Let’s go home, hm?”
“Will you help, Sherlock?” Sherlock lifted his head up immediately, furrowing his brow slightly and frowning.
He should’ve swallowed his fucking pride and just said he loved his boyfriend back because, of course he did. He was never going to stop loving him, no matter what he did. That’s just how it was, how it was always going to be.
John smiled fondly and leaned against the staircase, folding his arms across his chest and cocking his head to the side to watch them. “You know, if Rosie catches a cold it’s nothing. It’s Sherlock we have to worry about; whiny, whiny, whiny.” He smirked, quickly looking away as Sherlock turned abruptly to face him, getting slightly louder. “Such a drama queen; he’d be on the couch for days, demanding tea and blankets every few minutes.” John finally met his eyes, grinning at the sight of the detective’s slightly red cheeks and narrowed eyes.
“What do you think of them, John?” John blinked rapidly, suddenly remembering the phone in his hand before he cleared his throat loudly, leaning back against his chair.
“Sherlock Holmes, I’m not going to fight with you two days before bloody Christmas!” His voice rose suddenly and his fist had landed down hard against the table before he even knew it was happening, shaking the kettle and plates and spoons on it. He thought he heard Mrs. Hudson shriek downstairs, and yet still, Sherlock stared at his cup, his brow furrowed in thought as if he were deaf.
City lights have a tendency to wash people out, especially at night. John hadn’t really noticed this before; maybe because he didn’t pay attention, maybe because he just didn’t care. But seeing Sherlock now...there was no question in the matter.
Sherlock jumped slightly as the man reached out and snatched the paper back from him, holding it above it head.
John frowned immediately, reaching out to grab his arm in protest. “Sherlock, no!” He felt slightly hurt at the fact that his boyfriend had already begun turning and stalking towards the doors, but ignored it for the time being. “I’m staying to help!”
“I don’t...I don’t see anything anymore.” He shrugged once, not turning his head back to face her before continuing on. “I don’t see beauty in flowers or trees on the sidewalks and in parks. I don’t see the colors in the streets and the shops that I used to admire. Everything is...grey now. Everything I see takes me back to that damn island…” He reached up and rubbed at his eyes wearily, shaking his head slowly.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, shooting him a puzzled look. Mycroft remained silent, watching him carefully and John caught Sherlock’s eye, giving him a slight nod, as if reassuring him it was okay to talk.
Molly was stifling a grin, pursing her lips together before making a beeline for the tea on the table, grabbing a cup and taking a sip. John watched her face turn sour as she finished swallowing, looking pointedly at Sherlock. “You’re right, this isn’t good.”
Rosie tilted her head to the side slightly, seeming to scan his face before she threw her arms up once more in another feeble attempt to be held. Sherlock smiled a bit, reaching out and taking her gently, pulling her close to his chest.
John had always instigated personal contact, never Sherlock, which obviously included kissing. Their first kiss had happened right before they started dating, and John had decided to do it on a whim in the living room. Sherlock had been curled up on his couch, wrapped up in his blue robe and skimming a book for a case they were on, and his lips had been too tempting. He’d rushed over, leaned in and kissed him before he could tell himself not to.
“Everything’s serious business with you, Mycroft.” Mycroft tapped his stick on the floor in annoyance, glaring daggers at his little brother.
“60 seconds starting...now.” He wasn’t really aware of what he was doing, but Sherlock watched his hands fly forward immediately, grabbing the bottle closest towards him. They were all the same clear color and, for the lack of not knowing what to do, he began to shake each one violently, analyzing for any change in color or viscosity.
“That wasn’t part of the plan!” he exclaimed loudly, stepping forward and receiving the muzzle of a gun to his chest instead.
John suddenly felt as if his entire body had been thrown into an ice bath, his heart sinking the moment those words left his mouth. He opened his mouth slightly, wanting to respond but all he could process was disbelief. He stared almost stupidly at the detective, watching him rub at his nose nervously before collapsing back into his chair, hanging his head in between his knees as he took a couple shallow, sharp breaths.
“John?” The volume of his own voice startled him, thick and heavy with the residue of sleep and heroin. No response.
“You’re going to do EXACTLY that!” he spat out loudly, and John froze in place. The commotion of officers milling in and out of the building slowly came to a pause, and he could see Lestrade suddenly straighten up in his spot. “You’re going to get a cab and go home with your daughter and lock the doors and not think about me. This is NOT about you, either of you. It’s about me and this monster of a man and I’m going to finish what we started.” His voice had taken on a deep, almost menacing tone, one John hadn’t heard before. His grip on Rosie had tightened instinctively, praying to someone or something above that she wasn’t awake. He cleared his throat once, trying not to suffocate under all of the tension that was suddenly between them.
“Is that an issue with you, Robert?” he spat out icily, and Robert merely ran a hand through his hair.
Sherlock nodded quickly, stepping forward in John’s place before he turned his head slightly, glancing at him.
“There’s lots of things you think you know about me,” he responded smoothly, turning his head back to face Sherlock. “I’ll miss you, darling,” he lamented dramatically, spitting out another mouthful of blood before flashing him a grin. “Until next time.”
Sherlock looked up after awhile, meeting John’s eyes with a new expression, one of vacancy and weariness.
“John, I am so sorry…” Sherlock fell silent as John shushed him loudly, his breath hot against his skin. He felt him shake his head slowly, then bring his face up to meet Sherlock’s eyes.
“Sherlock-” Another loud gasp, this time accompanied with large hands grabbing ahold of John’s arms, and it seemed to echo throughout the flat. John immediately scrambled to sit up on his knees, shaking his head quickly.
And really, truth be told John had already formulated 3 possible scenarios that could’ve resulted in this particular crime scene, but despite the fact that he was more than likely going to be wrong he began to speak anyway, knowing Sherlock was going to listen to him regardless.
John leaned against the back of the porcelain tub, watching with a fond smile on his face at Sherlock at the other end, his elbow resting on the edge with his head resting against hand, his eyes closed and a calm, tranquil expression on his face. He let him sleep or relax or do whatever it was he was doing for awhile, until his leg started falling asleep and he shifted it slightly beneath Sherlock’s own.
“You’re right…” he murmured, and he saw Sherlock turn his head to face him, out of the corner of his eye.
“There’s 20 minutes left…” she replied, and John swallowed thickly, tapping his fingers against the wooden armrest. He wasn’t one to abandon therapy appointments, especially not the first one, but really he wanted nothing more than to escape the room that was now starting to remind him of the prison cells back in Sherrinford.
‘Sherlock, it's my first time too, when we started to get serious, I thought it best to plan ahead. Just in case, I never wanted to be put in a position where I’d disappoint you because I wasn’t prepared.'
“Oh if this is how you’re going to take care of me when you’re finished, I really don’t mind waiting.   Now, let me show you how much I missed you.” John growled as he pushed Sherlock down on the bed and climbed on top of him.“
John nearly dropped his cup of tea, but somehow luckily sat it and himself down before falling over at Sherlock’s admission.  He took a breath and began, “It doesn’t only lie with you Sherlock, it lies with me too.  I did and said some pretty awful things to you after Mary’s death and I’ve never apologised and here you are willing to overlook and take me back without a second thought about what happened.”
John had been looking at his feet mostly when he spoke and he now risked a glance at Sherlock, who had now crossed his legs and steepled his fingers under his chin.  He was still present in their conversation, but not saying much.
He turned his head and tried to find John’s eyes, but it was too dark, but they were that close that their breath mingled and the tension was ten times more than it had been just a few moments ago.  Sherlock swallowed and tried to speak, “I had hoped but…” With that, John leaned in closer and tried to find Sherlock’s lips in the dark, fumbling a bit, noses in the way till, John finally moved his head a bit to the left and their lips finally slotted together and they both moaned.  Apparently they had both needed this. The only thing that mattered was the two of them right here in this moment now.  They moaned into each other’s mouths and pulled each other closer, things were heating up fast and Sherlock moved John’s hand back to his chest. “Please, I want more.”
“Yeah, I’ve already starting working on it in my head…” Sherlock made a face suddenly, mouth twisting into a grimace, looking slightly disgusted.
It was true; everything seemed different upon his return from Sherrinford. London was drearier, the lights that scattered the city were dimmer. He found himself walking the streets and wondering if he’d even left the godforsaken prison island, squinting up at the sky to see a sun that wasn’t there.
“And I love you too much to let you go through this alone,” he replied simply. Sherlock’s face crumbled slightly at that, more tears falling down his cheeks and onto John’s thumb. He opened his mouth to protest but John merely shook his head for him to stay quiet.
Sherlock opened his eyes again, the rain falling hard against his eyelashes and making him blink. He let out a slow breath, barely noticing the clap of thunder that startled everyone around him.
He had a nightmare that night; first one in months. It was strange and didn’t make much sense so he hadn’t thought it important. He’d awoken with a loud gasp, his chest rising and falling rapidly as he slowly blinked into the darkness, his heart pounding against his ribcage. He turned on his side slowly, reaching out across the bed to touch Sherlock’s still sleeping figure, his hand resting delicately upon his frame before he sighed, flopping back down against the mattress. Sherlock remained fast asleep, his naked body wrapped in their white sheets and his face halfway buried into his pillow.
He pulled away suddenly, nearly dropping John on the floor but he kept a hold of his waist, pulling himself back to sit up, blinking rapidly at him. Sherlock looked surprised, shocked even, with himself, his chest rising and falling rather rapidly, his eyes wide. He blinked before clearing his throat awkwardly once, looking at everything but John’s face, suddenly very interested in the flat.
It had been a few months after the Sherrinford incident; they were content and happy, living with Rosie at Baker Street. Things had finally calmed down; they could finally sleep through the night without waking up from nightmares, and cases had begun rolling in once more. It had been raining, and John remembered how they’d been curled up on the couch, watching it pour outside as Rosie slept upstairs. All it had taken was one sideways glance from Sherlock, and the next thing they knew they were stumbling towards the bedroom, John’s legs wrapped around Sherlock’s waist and his arms around his neck.
“Sherlock Holmes, I fell in love with you just the way you are; sarcastic, lacking in tact, and full of asshole comments.” Sherlock cracked a watery grin, remaining quiet as John continued. “I don’t want you to change that. I want you to do what’s comfortable for you, want you to do what makes you happy, whatever that may be. I know you love me, I really do…” He smiled fondly at him, dropping his hands. “You wouldn’t have kept me around for this long if you didn’t.”
“Just spit it out, Mycroft. You’re wasting time.” His tone was short and snappy and frankly he didn’t care. Every second his brother wasted was another second where he could be out finding John, another second closer to bringing him home. Another second closer to apologizing.
“No...we left the scene hours ago, agreed to come back in the morning. He left then, didn’t say where he was going but I figured it was back home…” John’s heart was beginning to pound in his ears, the hot whips of panic hitting him full force now. Greg’s voice sounded strangely muted, like he was underwater or something.
“Alright, that works. Just let me know what he says immediately, I’ll get a team on standby just in case.” John nodded slowly, then remembered Greg couldn’t see him before humming in response.
“Good God John, I swear I’ve celebrated 5 Christmases just waiting here for you,” he said in slight annoyance, and John merely gaped at him in response for a moment.
The crowds eventually faded, mostly due to the fact that a police blockade was set up and they were all forced out. Rosie was wrapped in one of the bright neon police jackets, dozing off against John’s chest as he spoke quietly to Lestrade about a half hour later.
“I’ve never been able to admit to myself that I loved anyone. I didn’t understand it! I Well, I understand the chemical imbalance in the brain, it’s all science and numbers and that makes perfect sense to me but what doesn’t it experiencing it! And I realized that…” He waved his hand wildly above his chest for a moment, looking flustered. “I realized the warm feeling in my chest I get everytime I see you is because of that. It’s because I love you, and I’m in love with you, and I don’t believe I’m ever going to stop loving you.”
John began clearing the table as Sherlock knocked on Mrs. Hudson’s door.  She greeted him and asked him if he’d like a cup of coffee and was glad to see that Rosie and John spending the night worked out splendidly.
and John thanked Mrs. Hudson yet again while Sherlock let Rosie grasp his finger and coo her good bye to him.
“It’s alright, Mycroft’s men can pack all of it and take it to a consignment shop and deal with it, you only have to deal with what you want, ok?” Sherlock reassured him and brushed away the tears on his cheeks.
Sherlock sat staring at the notebook.  He’d stopped at the first page even though he wanted to read on.  He couldn’t.  He had made a promise to himself and more importantly he had made a promise to John.  He’d give John time and in return, hopefully John could find a way to forgive him and come back to him.  But it had been four months now.  Four long months that Sherlock had occupied 221b all to himself and the walls were closing in. It was getting harder to resist the temptation, the itch of drugs calling to him or picking up the phone and calling him – he didn’t know which was worse, but he had promised.  Now the notebook lies there on the coffee table taunting him.  He could use it as an excuse to text John, tell him that he had found some of his things and that he would leave them downstairs with Mrs. Hudson and he could pick them up at his convenience.  He didn’t have to go into detail as to what items they were but the sooner he got rid of that notebook, the easier it would be to keep his promise.
John did the only thing he could think of. He put his finger over Sherlock’s lips and shushed him. “Shh...Now look you. I am not going anywhere. I think that would be quite obvious after the way I just kissed you. And no I am not having a midlife crisis or any other bloody scenario you could come up with to counter what that kiss meant. The truth is Sherlock, I have been in love with you for quite sometime now.”
“That’s for earlier you prat,” John smirked as he began to slowly roll his hips, Sherlock’s hands finding John’s waist and gently grasping them, his head laying back on sofa openly moaning John’s name.
John laid on his back and tried to even his breathing, he was rather anxious.  He wanted to reach out and touch Sherlock, but he wasn’t sure how Sherlock would react.
“I just thought I could drink some of that tea you dislike and I know that you’ve tried to hide it in the cupboard so I can’t reach it.  Do you think you could get it for me?  I’ll also make your favourite since you were nice enough to clean up the mess, you know I would have helped.”
“Phase two, I’m going to drop my hand lower now, touching or no?” John questioned, he wasn’t about to push Sherlock into something he didn’t want to do.
The next time was when they were sitting in a tea room chatting with the prime suspect on the case they were working.  John had thought maybe Sherlock had added the touch of silver to make himself more endearing to the older lady they were now chatting up.
Sherlock smiled, “I’ve already ordered us dinner, now why don’t you pick some crap telly we can watch and tomorrow we can work on your flat.  We’ve made enough strides for one day, don’t want to overdo it.”
“John, four days now! Ninety-six hours and counting. I NEED a case John. Something, anything. I don’t even care how mundane. I can feel my brain decaying.” Sherlock wailed. “I’m BORED!”
“Just a moment, I want to remember this feeling forever.”  After a few moments Sherlock began to slowly rock his hips back and forth and John began to match his pace.
“Ok first off this is only if you’re comfortable with it, I’m pretty sure none of them will say anything to anyone including each other because in the morning we just act normal and they’ll think it was the alcohol playing tricks on their mind, once one of them hear, they’ll all three think something’s going on – power of suggestion.”
That was it, Sherlock was done for, he was unzipping his bag as was John and once they made it into one big bag, John slid up alongside of him.  Instead of pretending to rub his hands over his chest, he let his fingertips skim over the soft fabric of his vest.
business, but he was bisexual and very attracted to and in love with Sherlock and after the past few years, he felt positive Sherlock felt the same way.
“John I am delighted for the simplest gestures from you and in time when you’re ready the rest will follow.”
“Nonsense, the mess is over, it’s the cleaning up we need to work on,” Sherlock replied, “so that you can be ok with this, with us.” Sherlock said waving his hand between them.
“Yes,” John piped up, “She’s at home enjoying a nice quiet evening with Mrs. Hudson while the two of us get out for a nice quiet evening.”
He was wrong though, it had now been several weeks and it was their lazy Sunday morning lie in and the silver was still there, highlighting Sherlock’s hair in the most interesting way while he slept.  As he was lying there enjoying watching his lover sleep, he wondered why a man that was so meticulous about his hair allowed this particular event to occur.  Surely he had noticed.  Not that it had mattered to John.  In fact, the more John lie there taking in it, the sexier he found it and the more a certain body part was beginning to show its agreement as well.
The case started in an antique bookshop and appeared to be a robbery/murder.  Of course it’s never that simple when Lestrade resorted to calling Sherlock in and soon John and Sherlock were traipsing all over London like old times, though something seemed to be off.  Sherlock seemed to be having trouble concentrating and John chalked it up to the four months without participating in any cases.
Two hours later, they were still perched on the couch, the takeaway long finished, watching reruns of Top Gear.
John had known from the moment he suggested dinner what he was going to wear, the jumper Sherlock had gifted him for Christmas.  The very jumper he told Sherlock he would save for special occasions and this definitely qualified as that.  He was hoping tonight could be the moment that took their evolving relationship to the next level.  He wanted it all and he was certain Sherlock felt the same now.  He was no longer haunted by dreams where Sherlock rebuffed his advances or threw him out of the flat when he finally admitted his love for Sherlock.  John was sure things were different now and it was that text that Sherlock had sent him right after he jumped – the one that John was never meant to read - that allowed John to see how he really felt.  But This was important and could not be rushed because he needed to show Sherlock he was serious about this – about them, that this was not just a relationship born out of need or convenience.
John poured a good amount on his palms and began to massage Sherlock’s scalp. Which didn’t help much because the sound of Sherlock purring as John ran his fingers softly through his curls made him hard.  He then got the body wash and began to lather and clean Sherlock body head to toe and even though there where some spots that didn’t need attention, he made sure to give them extra attention, and in no time Sherlock was hard himself.  John quickly washed himself off and turned the water off.
John kissed Mrs. Hudson on the cheek and Rosie on the head and told her to be good.  Rosie just cooed and laughed and then he and Sherlock bid their farewells and headed down the stairs to hail a taxi.
“They have a key and cursory instructions on what to start on, don’t worry, I’ve got it all worked out.”
A half smile formed across John’s lips to see Sherlock reach for the toast, that’s when he decided to stand and head for the loo.  He needed these moments to focus on what to say, not to hover over Sherlock while he consumed his tea and toast.  He quietly shut the door and paced the small space.  There was so much to say, perhaps he should start at the beginning.  No, maybe he should just let Sherlock read the journal.  No that was the easy way out.  Where he needed to start was where he didn’t want to -  with Mary, that’s what stood between them now.  Why John had chosen Mary over Sherlock.  He needed to answer for that.  He took a deep breath then turned the tap to cold and splashed some water on his face and looked in the mirror.  He looked older than he should, these four months had not been kind to either of them, but it was time to go and face the music.  He dried his face and returned to the sitting room to his chair.
Sherlock smiled, “I see, well I’m sure we can make that arrangement,” and he leaned closer towards John.  John leaned in towards him, his heart fluttering, when he heard Rosie’s cry come cross the monitor.  He frowned; he knew that this wasn’t only a one-time chance, but the opportunity had been so ripe for the taking.
It was dark when John’s eyes blinked open, he’d been having the most sensual dream about Sherlock and was a bit disoriented and very aroused when he awoke.  He was definitely naked, on his back and there was one consulting detective draped over him.  Then everything that had taken place earlier came flooding back and John realized this wasn’t a dream, this was real.  John was now wide awake and couldn’t help but gently rub his fingertips along Sherlock’s arm.  Sherlock shifted a bit and John hushed him, trying to let him sleep since it was something Sherlock rarely seemed to do lately.  Even though they’d been sharing a bed now for a few nights, John would blink his eyes open only to find Sherlock gazing at him in awe, memorising every detail.
“I should certainly think so.” John said as he turned and put his coat on then retrieving Sherlock’s and holding it out for him to slip into.  John then did something unexpected, he took Sherlock’s hand, laced their fingers together and led them down the stairs and outside into the evening.
The first event if you can believe started as a tragic event turned happy.  It was my seventh birthday.  As you can imagine (well maybe you don’t), I didn’t have what one would call a normal childhood.  I was way ahead of my peers, and that fact being widely known at my school meant I was shunned by not only the students but the teachers as well.  It also probably had something to do with my perceptiveness (yes even at that age) and the inability to keep my mouth shut.  So It should come as no surprise that I had no friends.  Mummy simply thought I was having a rough time transitioning so she had decided to hold a huge celebration for my birthday that year and invited all my classmates assuring me that they would come.  All that needed to happen was that they needed to see how I was outside of school.  It was to her great horror when not a single family showed and she called every single family and let them know exactly what she thought of them. I had begged her not to, that it would only make things worse for me in the end, but she had just ignored my protests as she always did and went about making the calls.
Sherlock began to answer, but John leaned forward and shushed him. “It’s my decision, but first I think I need to be rid of these trousers and pants so I can take care of you properly once I remove these beads.”
It wasn’t long until he had found a pleasing rhythm, hips rocking slowly into a closed fist, eyes shut, soft moans growing steadily as he shut the rest of the world out.   He was going to enjoy this and he was going to dream that Sherlock was watching him.
“Lestrade,” Sherlock piped up, "go through the video feeds and find who brought the copy of the Dicken’s book, that’s your killer.”
Now it was all over and in the course of the next two years that Sherlock had been gone, he had found out what it meant to love another person – how it could drain you, make you wish you were really dead at times, but in this case, it was the light at the end of the tunnel.  When he finished this mission, he could go home to John and resume their life together at Baker Street.  He just didn’t expect it to entail so much to get back to London.
John scooted back and allowed Sherlock to take his favourite spot on the sofa when they did this – the middle. Sherlock took the lube and generously applied it to his cock and hissed at the coldness but that would be gone in seconds. He threw the bottle aside.
“Sherlock, I saw all of our lab tests and results while we were in the hospital.  We’re both clean, unless you want to use one, but I myself want to feel you, all of you.”
“Of course.”  John said as he put Rosie in her chair and got her some toys to play with so he could enjoy his cup of tea as well.
When he entered Baker Street, he never bothered to see if Sherlock was in.  He went straight up to his room and was startled to find a thick envelope addressed to him waiting on his pillow.  He picked it up and for a moment he had the strongest urge to march straight down the stairs and throw it at Sherlock if he was even there, he deserved an answer face to face, not one written down. As he turned and walked to his door and took hold of the door handle, John realised something.
Sherlock couldn’t help but notice how John had said home instead of at Baker Street, maybe there was a slim possibility that John was feeling the same and shared the same desire of wanting to return to Baker Street himself.
He continued down Sherlock’s neck where he reached the tender skin of his collar bone and began to suck, pulling the most erotic noises from Sherlock, which grew even louder as he ran his tongue down his pectoral muscle and swirled it around his nipple and then closed his lips around it and began to suck lightly at first, then increasing the intensity.  Meanwhile, his other fingers rolled his other nipple causing him to arch off the bed.
“That’s where you were wrong, I wasn’t sleeping, I was simply lying here listening to you, waiting for you to wake.” Sherlock mumbled the lie.  He had in fact been sleeping but he woke when John shifted positions and gasped.
For the most part, life at Baker Street had settled back into its regular routine, with one glaring absence – John and Rosie Watson.  Though they were there on almost a daily basis, John was still staying at his place and still not getting enough sleep from what Sherlock could gather as the man now sat in his chair napping.  He had sat down with a book when Rosie laid down for her nap up in John’s old room.  Sherlock had purchased a cot and a changing table and even though it was a tight fit, it had been one of his better ideas because it meant both Watsons spent more time at Baker Street, but eventually John would always leave to go home.
John shook his head.  “I don’t know what I’d have done if anything happened to you because of me.  Sherlock, I was terrible to you.  How can you just forgive me and move on like we have?”
“Agreed, but I’m sure I can have this case solved by tomorrow and we can be home by mid evening.  We can celebrate with a dinner at Angelo’s and then go home and have sex for dessert.”
“I seem to remember we agreed to ease into this slowly so that’s what I was trying to do.  Though you’re right, everything does seem a bit surreal.  It’s rather like a vivid dream that I hope I won’t wake from.”
“So, Miss Whitson, John won’t be needing most of his furniture so would it be possible to include it in the sale, or should we pack it off to a consignment shop?”
When Angelo took his leave again, John looked up at Sherlock, “You know it’s not going to be as easy as me just moving into your bedroom.  There’s a lot of things that are going to have to happen.  First I have to sell my place and…”
“Don’t worry, I know what I’m doing.”  He picked up the lube and squeezed some onto his fingers and then liked down the length of Sherlock’s cock and then decided to pay special attention to his balls, kissing and sucking them while he continued to warm the lube on his fingers.
“You got quiet on the way back from Angelo’s after we purchased the flowers, even though you tried to remain as though nothing was on your mind.”
John thought about and agreed with Sherlock, “that would make sense,  You know I have today off from the clinic and there’s not that much to move when you get down to it, basically my clothes and all of Rosie’s clothes and things.  If we get started early enough we could get it all done today.”
Sherlock grabbed him and pulled him down into his arms. “Don’t think you are leaving me to go work on that blog of yours.” Sherlock mused as he wrapped his arms and legs around his doctor.
Sherlock gave a few more pumps with his two fingers, swiping the tips over his prostate with the last pass as he added a third finger.
John blushed again and said thank you, he knew it would be useless to argue this point.  Sherlock adored Rosie and John was glad for it.
That day, John had packed all his belongings and returned to his rightful home at Baker Street after burning the manila envelope and all its contents.
Sherlock smiled as John rolled to his side, Sherlock wrapping his arm around John. “Mmm, indeed though the next time I request we leave the lights on so I can see every bit of you.”
Sherlock claimed John’s mouth and murmured “yes, yes, yes.” Over and over again before he started moving to his earlobe and licked the shell, “I’m going to make you feel so good, make all of our fantasies come true.”
He sat in his chair after handing Sherlock his mug of tea, “I can’t believe we got it all finished in a day.”
Sherlock grinned and headed down the stairs to Mrs. Hudson’s after planting a kiss to the top of Rosie’s head.  She reached up after him but couldn’t catch hold of him, so she giggled as he left.
Sherlock smugly replied, “I needed to see if these people were truly more daft than you lot at NSY and guess what they were.   Also I wanted to see if you could camp. It was very obvious to everyone that the runner up every year always wanted to be number one and after four years he couldn’t take it anymore.”
John hates cases like these.  The ones that drag on for weeks, making Sherlock distant from him.  And it’s not about the sex, it never was.  He misses Sherlock’s outbursts when he’s bored, inane texts while John’s at the clinic and Sherlock can’t think of an experiment to occupy himself, it’s the little things like this.  It’s just since they became lovers, John misses Sherlock’s touch, yearns for it.  He would be a fool not to.  John just gets lonely, and it’s ok, but sometimes he wishes Sherlock could just spare him fifteen minutes, but he promised he wouldn’t distract Sherlock from the work.
‘Come on, we should get out of our clothes before we catch cold,’ John said as he began stripping, dropping his clothes on the floor starting with his coat, then his shirt and his jeans.
But Sherlock had plans, he was going to tease John just as John had teased him.  He picked up the pace, pulling almost all the way off and then slamming back down hard and canting his hips ever once in a while so John’s cock brushed against his prostate and then he slowed down and John was about to ask him why and Sherlock put a finger to his lips.  “I want to try something.  I want to turn around and as I ride you, I want you to get me off.  I want you to be able to watch me as you stroke me to completion.”
“The way I look, but I’m not wearing the tux?” Sherlock asked wrinkling his nose.  He certainly didn’t look like he normally did.  He had noticed the greying streaks at his temple while he was brushing his teeth before turning in, he had made a mental note to call his hairdresser later in the day to have it remedied.
“I know you git and you better hope that goo comes out of my favourite sweater or you owe me a new one.”
Tonight’s topic was of course the wonderful evening they had spent with their friends and John had thanked him yet again.  Then he excused himself, setting his half empty cuppa on the coffee table.
Sherlock was already half asleep with a smile on his face and John had never seen Sherlock looking so relaxed.  He gently wiped Sherlock down as he had already done so in the loo and disposed of the dirty flannels in the hamper.  He came back and crawled in bed to the side closest to the door because Sherlock was already sprawled in the middle of the bed and part of the other side.  John crawled softly onto the bed and snuggled up next to Sherlock who moved to his side, back to John allowing John to tuck up close and wrap his arm around Sherlock’s waist and intertwine their legs.  A few moments later they were both asleep.
Sherlock shook his head no, “John, quit stalling.  You know I dislike talking things out, but you are correct when you said this needs sorting.”
John let Miss Whitson know that they were all cleared out and she said she’d take the pictures and get the listing ready.
They’d been a couple officially now for about four months, though much longer if you asked anyone else. It had begun by sheer happenstance, a chance pairing in chemistry class of all things. What started as a simple school assignment, brought the boys together and made them inseparable.
As luck would have it John Watson was standing on the stoop of 221b with his key out, deciding whether to go in.  Maybe Sherlock wasn’t home.  Maybe he was doing some shopping at Tesco’s, or out on a case with Lestrade – working would be good for him, or worst case scenario – maybe he had moved on and there was no room for John Watson in his life.  It had been four months and just as Sherlock had promised, no calls, no texts, no letters and to be honest that hurt John the most out of everything.  He forgave him for missing the clues about Mary, he had just come back from Serbia and was suffering through shock and John’s anger and Mary seeming to be an ally to Sherlock.
By this time, John had returned with their tea and set it on the coffee table and took Rosie from Sherlock, giving her a great big hug and kiss.  “What time did you want to go?”
“Mrs. Hudson, thank you, you’ve been an immense help.  I was wondering, are you free tonight?  Perhaps you could sit with Rosie so I could take John out to dinner, get him out of the house for once without it being work or case related?”
John ran his fingers gently up Sherlock’s back and into his curls causing the most delicious moan as John tugged on his hair to pull him close for a kiss, tilting his head and slotting their lips together.  Sherlock licked and nipped at the John’s bottom lip until he parted his lips allowing Sherlock entrance into his mouth.  They kept this rhythm for what seemed like ages and soon enough Sherlock began to rock faster causing John began to moan louder.  He canted his hips and began to brush over his prostate.
Inch by inch John pushed forward till he was buried to the hilt. He began rocking slowly back and forth just a bit to get use to the sensation and to allow Sherlock to accommodate. When Sherlock pulled him closer with his legs, John sensed it was time to give him more. He began thrusting in and out earnestly, not teasing, but not hard – just a nice steady rhythm. He noticed Sherlock getting hard again and that made him start thrusting faster.
They stepped out of the tub and John took a towel and hastily patted them down and took Sherlock’s hand and walked into the bedroom.  He pushed him onto he bed and crawled on top of him. He pressed their groins together slowly rocking there into him.
As he lay there on the pavement trying not to move the guilt began to wash over him, he almost allowed it to make him spring up and take John’s face in his hands and make his eyes see that he was indeed ok and that this was just a sick game he had been playing, he knew he couldn’t and guilt racked him, for if he did, it would mean a bullet to the head for John and game over for Sherlock and that was unacceptable.  So in the end, he played ‘dead’ and the moments ticked by for what seemed like forever until Mycroft’s men placed him on a stretcher and rushed his body away from John and everything he cared about in this world.  John would now be safe until Sherlock could finish the mission.
With the next set of thrusts Sherlock was spilling between them and when John felt him tightening around his cock he groaned and it only took two more until he was emptying into the condom and collapsing on top of Sherlock, dropping kisses on any part of skin he could reach until he found his lips and his fingers tangled in Sherlock's curls again and he kissed him properly again, murmuring those three little words that just slipped out on their own.
All these thoughts ran through John’s mind as he laid in their bed missing his detective.  Sherlock had left sometime in the early hours of the morning - a break in the case - and had yet to return.  He had sent John a text, explaining he’d be travelling out of the city. Not unusual, so John paid little mind, he figured it would be hours, possibly another day until he saw his lover and that was fine, he could take care of himself until then.  It’s not like he’s never done it before, it was just so much better when Sherlock was there to help.  Actually, what John really liked is when Sherlock just watched.  It had only happened once, by accident, but John had never come like that just by touching himself.   Sherlock’s eyes locked on his as he stroked himself, silently pleading him to go on.  Then he had crossed the room and leaned over John, their mouths nearly touching, eyes still locked, his voice thick and low, telling John how to touch himself.
“I won’t, but only this one time."  Sherlock then ordered everyone back in the cars and turned off to another road to Iead them to where they'd be camping. Sherlock then suggested to Lestrade that now would be a good time to go into town and get some camping gear, you can use your police car with the sirens so you can get into town quick.  And don’t bother trying to find a hotel or any such place to stay, there are none, I’ve already called and checked.”  Sherlock gave Lestrade the address and wrote down a list of what he should pick up.
John moaned, his head dropping back, leaving his neck exposed as he continued with long, slow strokes to his length.
John slowly kissed down his body, sucking at the soft spot between his collar bone and neck and Sherlock let lose, he moaned and begged John not to tease.  He ran his nails lightly up and down John’s back as John travelled down further, stopping to suck and lave at each nipple through his soft vest.  Sherlock once again arched his back off the ground as John proceeded down even further, kissing one hip bone at a time, sucking marks there where no one would be able to see them.
And John pulled back and smirked, I should write this down on the calendar as the day Sherlock Holmes begged.
They chatted for a bit more and forgot all about the telly and then Sherlock’s phone beeped.  It was Lestrade.  Seemed he had a case that needed Sherlock’s attention.
“Oh yes,” was all Sherlock could manage. He was now bunching the duvet in his fists and writhing under John’s ministrations. “More John.” John added a third finger, increasing his speed. When Sherlock began pushing himself onto John’s fingers, John knew he was ready.
John smiled around him and hummed which promptly left Sherlock only capable of moaning. Once Sherlock was able to take John’s first finger easily, he slipped the next one in and this time Sherlock tugged on his hair and a moan from somewhere deep inside his chest. John pushed in further and found what he was looking for and gently swiped his fingertips over Sherlock’s prostate.
The rest of the walk back, John felt like he was walking on air but he was also unsettled.  It occurred to him that they needed to talk things through a bit more.  Christ, had they just decided to share a bed together?  Not that that was a problem for John, on the contrary it’s what he wanted, but they couldn’t just jump into bed and not discuss any of the terrible things that had happened in the past few months, years even.
“Sherlock.” John moved closer and crouched in front of him noticing the puffiness of his eyes and the tears that stained his cheeks.
Sherlock’s fingers find their way into John’s short hair and tugs him closer. He wants more. He needs more. He needs John. All of him. Everything,
He starts by continuing down his neck, worshiping every centimeter of skin with his lips and tongue, leaving no patch unexplored. He glances back up, catching Sherlock’s gaze as his trail of kisses comes to the waistband of his pants where he licks from one hip to the other. Still holding his gaze, he quirks an eyebrow, silently asking permission as he slides his finger across the path his tongue just left and Sherlock barely manages to nod yes. John snakes his fingers under the band, teasing the skin and gently pulling his pants down while mouthing at the newly exposed skin and inhaling his scent. And God if John doesn’t think this is heaven on Earth because nothing can compare to this feeling right now. All his senses are on the verge of being overwhelmed, but he pauses for a moment and inhales again before tugging Sherlock’s pants all the way off.
“I couldn’t, it was yours, private and I made promises to myself about snooping on you anymore which is why I’ve not texted or called you all these months.”
"Can you..." John was asking as he heard the wrapper of the condom ripping. One of the good things about your boyfriend being a genius, he could be one step ahead of you and this was one time John really didn't mind.
The simplest, truest statement Sherlock had ever spoken, because they belonged together, no matter what else in the world was happening, John and Sherlock belonged together.
John reached out and pulled the envelope back towards him.  He couldn’t read this here.  He got a bag for his muffin and set off for his bedsit.  Apparently he had a full day of reading ahead of him.
And John smiles to himself and thinks how can he deny Sherlock anything? He finds himself gazing down into Sherlock’s cerulean eyes and he can see how open Sherlock is right now in this moment. He’s never seen Sherlock like this before, so vulnerable and John feels like the most important person in the universe right now because Sherlock has trusted HIM of all people with this. For Sherlock to let himself be laid out bare and raw like this, John knows without a doubt that this is real, not just some passing fixation or fling or worse yet – experiment. This between them, will stand the test of time and he knows it won’t be easy, but oh how he wants it. There’s so many words John wants to tell Sherlock right now but he knows how he despises the sentiment so instead he decides to show him.
"Now John, I've been thinking," his voice low and rumbly, "it's been quite some time since we've switched things up," he whispered as he ghosted over John's lips and licked them. Sherlock loved the effect it had on John. His pupils immediately widened and he licked his lips.
John wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s cock and slowly began to stroke him, twisting on the way up every now and then, changing up the rhythm so Sherlock wouldn’t know what to expect.  He then moved his other hand to cup his balls and roll them in his fingers, and Sherlock moaned wantonly.  Then to switch things up, he began to stroke just the head of Sherlock’s cock, or more appropriately let Sherlock fuck into the tight circle he had made with his hand.
“I...sorry, lost...my train of thought…” Sherlock narrowed his eyes, dropping his clasped hands down into his lap.
He made it to the cemetery in about 8 minutes, his hands still shoved into his pockets as he walked through the open gate, nearly tripping over his feet when he saw Sherlock standing there waiting for him, his hands behind his back and looking slightly bored.
“You’re so impatient. John is just fine, I wouldn’t hurt him without you around to see it happen.” Sherlock closed his eyes at that, willing himself to keep his clenched hands buried inside of his pockets. He heard Moriarty turn on his heels, heavy footsteps beginning to walk forward and Sherlock followed quickly, opening his eyes once more.
John was frozen in place, unable to move as Sherlock sobbed, gasping for air every few seconds as it got worse. He suddenly moaned as if he were in awful pain, like he was dying and John snapped back to his senses, shaking his head quickly before he climbed onto the bed.
Sherlock eyed him carefully, as if seeming to contemplate talking, then looked away and made a beeline for a bottle of water sitting on the counter. Well, at least he was making some sort of an effort.
Sherlock kept absolutely silent, and John could feel his gaze boring holes into the top of his skull. He tried his best to ignore it, pushing his shoes to the side before standing up and grabbing an extra water bottle off the bedside table.
He stared at him, this beautiful, sociopathic, curly haired mess of a man sitting in front of him, cheeks shiny and lips slightly swollen, his hands clasped together in his lap like a child waiting to be lectured to. This is who he’d chosen to fall in love with.
“And you’re raising a child together?” His tone had suddenly become almost judging, as if it were one of the worst things a person could be doing. John grit his teeth, motioning forward to stand but Sherlock was already up from his chair, Rosie being held against his chest with one arm.
“What is it?! What’s wrong?!” Her gaze automatically went to Rosie, checking to see if she was okay. Sherlock took a step forward, staring intently at her.
John leaned forward claiming his lips, when he finished the kiss he mumbled against Sherlock's swollen lips, "A story for another time perhaps, though I'm sure you're not interested in my past conquests, even the male ones."
The distance closes and their lips meet finally. Gently at first, almost hesitantly until John’s fingers trail up the nape of Sherlock’s neck, fingers tickling through the little curls there then finding their way into the long silky ones further up, nails gently scraping across his scalp. It pulls the most delicious noise from Sherlock that John’s ever heard him make and Sherlock’s using the moment to roll John from his side onto his back, so he can crawl on top of John.
Oh, but John wasn’t quite done with him yet, he sucked him down almost all the way until he could feel the tip of Sherlock right at the back of his throat.  Perfect he thought to himself.  He then began to massage Sherlock’s prostate while bobbing his head up and down slowly.
“Of course, she’ll take her.  She loves doting on Rosie. We've made her an honorary grandmother. Come, I’ll go downstairs and ask her.”
“How can I refuse that?” he asked, crawling onto the bed and mouthing at Sherlock’s flushed cock while pulling at the ring simultaneously.
Sherlock kissed over to John’s ear and sucked on his lobe, “That’s it John, just let go for me.” He whispered.
“Wrap your hand around your head.  I want to see you fuck your fist.  Good and tight now, don’t hold back.  I want to see you plant your feet on the bed and fuck up into your hand, nice and hard, pretending it's me riding you, begging you for more.”
Sherlock moved his one hand from John’s shoulder and took his cock in his hand. He began stroking himself to match John’s thrust.
This was Sherlock reaching out to him, the only way he knew how.  It was like all those texts he’d sent the years he was away.  The ones John had burnt without reading.  And Mycroft’s words echoed in his ear, ‘you owe him this, to hear his explanation, it’s not what you think, it never is, not with Sherlock.’
They both tended to Rosie in the tub and John couldn’t get over how domesticity suited Sherlock.  It was positively sublime how Sherlock lit up Rosie’s face when he’d play with her toys in the tub.  She splashed and made a mess, but it didn’t matter.  All that mattered is that this was the three of them now.
Sherlock added more with his other hand and John shivered but Sherlock once again engulfed him with his mouth all the way to the base and John cursed again, “More.”
Sherlock picked her up and headed down the stairs and made for the kitchen.  “Let’s get your bottle ready, what do you say?”  Rosie clapped her hands and cooed.
Sherlock was just staring off into space.  He managed to speak.  “You aren’t real, please leave me in peace.”
They sat away from Sherlock continuing their conversation while Sherlock replayed the night’s events over in his mind, trying to figure out what he had missed.  The only thing was is that he couldn’t concentrate on the case one hundred percent, his mind kept drifting back to him and John.  This wouldn’t do, he needed to solve this and then get back to Baker Street and hash out the rest of things between him and John so they could return to some normalcy.  He was secretly glad John and Lestrade were over in the corner talking so he had time to think to himself, he didn’t want either of them realizing he was distracted.  He started over at the beginning, going through each detail he could recall until he finally found the missing piece.  The receipt missing for the antique Dickens book that had been sold prior in the day.  Whoever had the receipt was the culprit and with the help of the video cameras in the shop, they should have no problem nabbing the guilty party.
John shivered, his back arching off the mattress at the sudden contact of his thumb over his slit, smearing precome over the tip.  "Oh God,“ John moaned.
Sherlock had packed their SUV with all kind of camping gear and enough food for up to a week.  He knew what they could possibly be in for heading up to the new case they had in Grantchester, Cambridge.
“That’s all I ask Sherlock, that’s all I’ve ever asked of you.”  John said, relief flooding through his voice now.
He was ready, he grabbed the lube and smeared a good bit across the first few beads and his fingers.  He began with his fingers, teasing himself open while taking deep breaths and imaging it was John. Once he felt lose enough, the first three of the ten beads popped in easily.  They weren’t uncomfortable, they just felt weird and it took a bit of getting used to.  The fourth and fifth bead took longer to ease in and a considerable amount of lube.
He went back to unbuttoning the shirt. He pulled Sherlock forward a bit so he could remove it and let it fall to the floor. Not to be out done, Sherlock grabbed the hem of John’s jumper pulling it and the shirt underneath over his head and tossing them so they joined his shirt on the floor. They met for another kiss, this time John’s fingers found their way to Sherlock’s curls eliciting a deep moan. Meanwhile Sherlock’s finger’s explored John’s chest, lightly brushing over the scar on his shoulder though not lingering because he knew it made John uncomfortable. Maybe someday he could further explore it, but not now, there was so much he wanted to do. His fingers eventually found John’s nipples and gave them a pinch, not enough to cause pain, just enough to get them to harden. He leaned up and licked down John’s neck and chest until he found one nipple and took it between his lips, gently sucking and nipping while still rolling the other between his thumb and forefinger, pulling the sweetest moan from John's throat.
John cleared his throat. “You have a point, I will take it with me.  This,” he waved his hand around, “is going to take a bit of getting used to again.  You’ve no idea how I longed for it since you came back.  Even though you pushed me in her direction, the only place I wanted to be was here, doing this, having a night in, eating takeaway and watching crap telly, though it’s a bit weird when you aren’t shouting insults at the telly.”
This weekend was special, John’s family was out of town, visiting some of his mum’s relatives. He planned on taking advantage of his luck and spending the entire weekend with his boyfriend without the annoyance or interruption from either of their families. He had planned the entire weekend for just the two of them, stocked the fridge with Sherlock’s favourite foods - all he wanted was a weekend alone, just the two of them. And the thing was, he didn’t care if they just sat there and stared at the ceiling, so long as they were together.
They were passing a flower stand and John stopped to pick up Mrs. Hudson a nice bouquet of colourul spring flowers.
John lets his grip on Sherlock’s waist loosen some and he gazes up at Sherlock, raising one hand to caress his cheek, ‘Sherlock,’ his voice barely above a whisper, ‘We don’t have to do anything, I don’t expect…’
John wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s cock and began to stroke as he still swirled his tongue around the tip.  Sherlock’s hands found his way into John’s hair and John pulled of momentarily still stroking, he pulled of a moment “I don’t sup….” and to his surprise Sherlock was handing him a packet of lube, John smirked “I’m not even going to ask,”
“Yeah mate, I’m sorry for how that all turned out, messy business and all.  Thank goodness you had Mycroft to take care of all of it.”
“What do you say, shall we put a new outfit on you?  This one’s a bit damp.” Sherlock said as he gingerly removed the slept in garment and got a new one ready.
Leave it to Sherlock to know when there was something pressing on John’s mind.  He picked his cup of tea up and headed towards their chairs.  “Come on, we may as well start to discuss it now, but it’s not all going to be resolved in one evening.”
“This was your idea; I’m just giving you what you wanted.”  He smirked, tugging on the ring again lightly.  “Now the question is, do I drag this out or pull them out swiftly?”
‘Don’t care,’ John breathed as he reached out and brushed Sherlock’s cheek with his thumb, then running it over his full bottom lip all while inching closer. Their legs beginning to twine around each other and they felt the warmth of each other’s breath as they gravitated closer together, their bodies inexorably drawn to each other.
John stayed on Sherlock’s lap a few moments more before rolling of onto his back and Sherlock curling up next to him.
When John finally settled at the table to read the packet of letters, he sat there staring at it for a long time before he actually undid the clasp.  Whatever he had been expecting had completely left his mind when he saw the date of the first entry – June 15, 2011.  He’d been expecting the date to read October of last year but the day of the fall itself, had surprised him.  Mycroft must have blocked John’s number as a precaution.
Sherlock smiled and nodded and in the meantime, Angelo had returned with the garlic bread and the wine.  He filled both their glasses.  “I see you two are out without Miss Rosie, she’s doing well I take it?”
“Come on Sherlock, fuck my fist, you’re almost there,” and John planted his feet firmly on the bed and began thrusting to meet Sherlock’s movements, “Yeah that’s it so close, come for me.”
The first time they slept naked together began wit a shower and then they ended up in the same bed, well Sherlock may have planned it.
It was really over, all that business with Mary.  She was now nothing more than a memory.  In fact, that’s how it should have been, but it was far from it if he was honest with himself.  He was still hurt by her loss, her deception.  He had to deal with it, but he didn’t know where to begin.  It was too much.  He just wanted his life with Sherlock to begin smoothly, which so far it has been.  They’ve gotten a set schedule around Rosie and go to bed together at night.  Still there’s a silence there that needs to be acknowledged.  It’s more than just Mary too, it’s how he treated Sherlock for a while.  He had been an absolute nightmare to the man, telling him he’d rather have anyone in the world over him.  And all for what?  Because he had been hurt.  Deceived not only by his best friend, but by his wife too. But that was in the past now.  He could let go of Mary because she was dead, and he had long since forgiven Sherlock, so why did it feel like more needed to be said.  He must have been sitting there lost in his thoughts for some time when Sherlock walked in.
John couldn’t believe what Sherlock was offering him. His heart was pounding in his rib cage. This was definitely not how he thought this day was going to turn out.
Sherlock couldn’t help the emotion he was overcome with, “It’s perfect John, absolutely perfect.” He squealed as he swept John off his feet into a hug and swung him around.  “This is the best Christmas present anyone’s ever given me.”
They slept in each other’s arms again that night.  John didn’t think he would ever get enough of this.  The feel of Sherlock’s arms around him, the smell of Sherlock’s hair.  It was too good to be true, but this was his life now and he was over the moon.
“Yes, absolutely!  Right away!  How silly of me to forget.  Please forgive me.” Angelo beamed, winking at John and realising what was happening now.  This was actually a real date, no more assumptions, no more trying to push the two together towards the inevitable that everyone else had saw from the beginning, the boys were finally taking that step on their own.  Angelo turned to Sherlock, patting his shoulder, delighted in this new development and determined to make this a memorable night for the boys.
Everything I touch John, I ruin or destroy and I almost managed that once with you.  If anything were to ever happen to you, I couldn’t live with myself, I wouldn’t be able to go on.  So when you brought up my birthday, it was a wake up call John.  The reminder I needed that this isn’t for me, that all I would do is hurt you.  And I imagined I hurt you by leaving Angelo’s like I did, without a word.
John almost loses it right then and there, Sherlock’s pleading with him, asking him for the most intimate of things and John doesn’t intend on disappointing. He leans down kissing the inside of Sherlock’s left knee and the licks all the way up the inside of his thigh to where his leg joins his body. He nuzzles the skin there momentarily with his nose before tentatively licking the soft skin behind his sack, pulling the most lurid moan he’s heard from Sherlock yet, but he doesn’t stop there. No. He licks upward and draws one ball into his mouth, gently rolling it on his tongue and then he does the same to the other before licking him from the base of his cock to the very tip with the broad of his tongue.
“I don’t think it quite matters on that subject as everyone already assumes us to be a couple.  I was only ever trying to keep them from gossiping because I thought you didn't want this.  Thought if I made it clear that I wasn't interested, they wouldn't talk, but as you say, people do little else.”  John confessed
That was the day I brought Redbeard home. What should have been the worst birthday ever had turned into the best birthday ever.  It took us a few days for us to find our footing, but once we did, we were inseparable.  He thrived and we became best friends, we did everything together.  He was there for everything over the next ten years, my triumphs, to listen to me when I was sad, to go on adventures when I was bored, there was nothing we didn’t do together.
“Then you’ll enjoy this even more.” He smirked as he slid his fingers back down over John’s chest and hooked his fingers under the hem of his pyjama bottoms and tugged them down.  “These. Off. Now.”
John noticed Sherlock’s pace becoming more erratic. He knew what to expect, he waited, 5,4,3,2,1…(almost as if on cue)
John smiled, “I know we still have things to work out and you’re right, it won’t be exactly the same, but I want to try.  Can you do me a favour though?  I give you permission to read my journal, I’d like it if you would, it will help you understand, better than me trying to explain it to you with words.”
John licked and nipped at the seam of Sherlock’s lips demanding entrance to that sinful mouth of his and Sherlock yielded and they Sherlock moaned and gasped into John’s mouth as he explored it with his tongue.  When they broke for air, John had now pushed Sherlock’s boxers down past his thighs and had been stroking him all the while.
Sherlock was gleeful when he called Mycroft to set up the arrangements for everything.  “Isn’t Baker Street a bit small for the three of you?” Mycroft asked.
Sherlock pulled back, “Now, none of that. I want to hear you and feel you and have your hands all over me, sunk in my hair, pushing me down further on your impressive cock, because I know you’ll have requests from me when we switch.” Sherlock smirked. “Promise me John, don’t hold back because you think I’ll break or won’t like it, if it becomes too much I’ll simply say so and the same goes for you.”
“I said minimal, I can stop,” he murmured in his ear, I just thought this might ease the tension, make it more relaxing for you, believable to them. I promise no touching anywhere else, unless you want to?”
Mycroft had been home that holiday, first time in several years and had found me frantic upon his return from a trip into town.  He’d taken me into the house and set me down by the fire to warm me, I had been running around outside for quite some time inadequately dressed.  He then told me he needed to talk to me about Redbeard and I knew he was gone forever.  He needn’t say the words, I knew, but he went on to tell me the story anyway.
It was amazing and for one moment he lost his focus because if Sherlock felt like this around his finger how was he going to manage to last if he actually got to slide his cock inside him?
John crawled over and straddled Sherlock, his hands now on each side of Sherlock’s gripping the back of the sofa but first he wanted something- a KISS.
‘No!’ he said half panicked, ‘I don’t want to stop, ever! I just, I want to feel you inside me, but...’
“I see congratulations are finally in order for you and Doctor Watson.” Mycroft snipped.  That couldn’t even pull the happiness out of Sherlock, he was in such a euphoric state.
John made Rosie’s bottle while Sherlock got her dressed for bed.  John brought the bottle upstairs and Sherlock sat in her rocking chair and began to feed her and gently rock the chair.  John stood by the door watching them, the sight made his heart swell.  He wondered how he got so lucky.
“John, it’s barely been four months since Mary has died and everything happened.  Everything that has led up to this has been a whirlwind.  Of course, you’ve barely had time to think about it or wrap your head around it.”
Sherlock deftly made her bottle and settled in his chair and began to feed her.  His plan was to feed Rosie and then get her set up in her play pen with her toys to occupy her so he could make John breakfast.  That’s another thing that had changed the past few months, Sherlock kept more food in the house so John could eat there instead of going to his flat.  Soon John would no longer have a flat to worry about, they would all be under one roof, 221b Baker Street.  Sherlock smiled at the thought and began to hum to Rosie.
Sherlock picked up his glass and took a deep pull trying not to choke on it, it seemed somehow John was on to him and then he remembered the monitor and how John appeared to be sleeping when he came down with Rosie.  The man who is always first to notice Rosie stirring over the monitor.  He must have heard their entire conversation.
“Nnng.” Sherlock exhaled.  John would have to file this away for future use. One sure fire way to snap Sherlock out of one of his fits, suck on his cock. Definitely something John wouldn’t mind. “John, please… more..”
John watched intently as Sherlock hovered above his flushed erection, he could feel the warmth of Sherlock’s exhales on his skin and he shivered, reaching out with one hand and weaving his fingers through Sherlock’s dishevelled hair and nudging him closer.
John stood there tapping his foot.  “After everything, you expect me to accept that as a reason to let you go?  To give up and turn my back on you?  Sherlock, THIS is exactly what a relationship is.  Yea, they can hurt, it’s unavoidable but if you do it right, if you’re lucky to find someone you love you half as much as you love them or more, the hurt is outweighed by all the good you share.  And damn it we are due our fair share of good after all of the suffering we’ve endured.  And the fact that you chose to come home and write me a letter explaining everything instead of just disappearing tells me more than that letter ever could.”
Mycroft laid a thick manila envelope on the table and crossed his hands over top of it, lacing his fingers together to keep from tapping them.  Very few people could get under his skin, and the good doctor was one of them.  He cleared his throat.  “I honestly didn’t expect you to hold out this long Dr. Watson, I’m impressed.”   He paused waiting for a response from John, when it became apparent there was none forthcoming, he spoke again.  “What I don’t understand is why.  This is the one thing you asked for repeatedly, don’t deny it.  Yet now you reject it.  It’s rather odd.  I can understand the anger, I had warned him that you would not take it well, but that is not why I am here.  It is not my place to speak for him or explain.  He’s been trying you know.  That’s what’s in all the texts you’ve deleted without so much as looking at and all the calls you reject.  He phones you John.  He NEVER phones anyone.  Over a thousand rejected phone calls.  And yet you do not change your number or allow him the chance to explain and I assure you whatever you think the reasons were, they are not.”
“Sherlock…” he growled through gritted teeth, he was becoming impatient now and he could see the glint of mischievousness in those iridescent eyes as Sherlock smirked and licked his lips before drawing closer to lick around the crown of John’s cock.
Lestrade nodded, “Sure, why don’t the two of you go home and get some rest and I’ll call you later if I need anything.”
She creased her eyebrows and took a quick walk through the flat.  “We should be able to include it in the sale, it’s all good quality furniture, barely looks used.”
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock and enjoyed the warmth of his arms and wished that this moment could last forever.  Something had changed between them and they could both feel it in the air, but neither of them commented on it, they were too afraid of ruining the moment and everything between them that had taken so long to recover.
Sherlock picked the spot where he and John would be staying and then showed Anderson and Donovan where they’d be staying.
“John, I think we both… ahh … know that answer… oh my God you have to do something, this is intense.  I feel like I’m going to burst.”
“Yes, well we all know what you chose.” Sherlock sneered, choosing to ignore John’s lapse into his old mindset of not being useful, they would talk about that then but right now he had to allow John to finish.
And before John knew it Sherlock ‘s back was against his chest and he was moving up and down slowly and methodically, almost hitting his prostate with every move.
John chuckled, “and there’s another thing to face.  My feelings for you.  I’m not afraid of them, but for years I’ve been telling everybody I’m not gay.”
Sherlock grabbed his arm and drug him into the bathroom, “Quick all your clothes off and in the shower, warm water.”
