"One of my close friends outed me to my dad when I was 14. That's why I came back so fast." Tony takes another casual bite of his spaghetti. "You don't need to look at me like that. I'm over it."
"Natasha Romanoff."
"Night," Steve says, not watching as Sam leaves, flipping the sign to closed after him. Steve turns off the brighter lights, watching the clock turn to 8. Not a minute later, Tony walks through the door in all his same glory, except this time he was wearing a rain jacket over his perfectly styled hair, up in a swooping style. He's got on purple glasses this time, with an AC DC tee shirt under his jacket.
"I'm Russian."
"Yes. Right. Yes." Tony slips his eyes shut. "Ok. I'll cauterize it then, and then I can bandage it up with.. back at the wreck."
"Come inside, we can talk in the kitchen."
So mean.
"No." Her voice is small, like she's afraid of the answer. It's not that he wasn't expecting to illicit an emotional answer with a question like that, but her voice almost takes him out. "I have to go through the program." She says it like it's a confession of sin, like it is the worst of her. Perhaps it is. He steps out of the closet to find her curled in the chair facing away from the mirror, his suit jacket still over the shoulders of the chair. She looks... broken wasn't the right word. Just... sorry. She looks up at him with wet eyes shimmering with a pale gold—danger. That's what that meant. That meant that she could burst, and he still wasn't sure what she could do—how much damage she could do. Unfortunately.. he also hasn't been able to bring himself to tell her about it either. They've been isolated occurrences so far, and not once had he or anyone else been put at danger. Maybe that's all it would ever be, a golden glow in her eyes.
She snorts, looking up at the waitress who comes up to the table with two takeout cups of coffee. "My manager said you have to leave, I'm so so sorry, the coffees are on the house." She says, setting them down in front of the pair quickly as if she's afraid of retaliation.
Tony is a little surprised to feel an arm around his neck, pulling him into a hug. Tony let's out a chuckle, relaxing and hugging Bucky back gently. "Thank you. This has been better than any doctors visit I've had in a long time."
"Chill pal. Any friend of Steve's is a friend of mine." Tony pats his arm gently. "Besides, I know what it's like to have a panic attack alone, and nobody needs that in their life." Steve smiles, filing that specific information away for a later date. He would have to ask Tony how he handled his panic attacks in order to help him.
"Yes, certainly not, sir."
Sarah Wilson-Cooper, Sam's sister and the maid of honor. "Sarah, hey. How was your flight in."
"Try to get some sleep kid." Then Steve returns to slide right back into the seat next to Tony, their hands spanning the middle area almost immediately.
"He's creepy," Tony says off handedly, looking back down the cliff. "I guess we have to make a decision."
"The very same," Steve answers.
"Were going to go find Bucky." Her mouth snaps shut.
Instead, Bucky Barnes walks into his penthouse, giving Tony a once over, confusion drawing on his face. "I'm guessing you forgot we had a.. um a meeting."
"Too true. I totally thought you were a homophobe," Tony confesses.
Tony holds up the finger of the other gauntlet, grateful for Bucky's idea of a laser finger. He blasts at the bent metal that was still intact, until the gauntlet was in two pieces. He pulls one off, then the other, feeling rather proud of himself for not blacking out. He struggles up to his feet, tapping the reactor. "Jarvis, any idea where we are?"
She goes silent, for a long moment, then yells something indistinct to someone else. "I'm very busy right now. Why can't you just do it, Rogers," She says quickly.
And the award for forgetting to publish the last chapter of ur story because u got wrapped up in a new one goes to... me. Yeah. Definitely me.
"Your daddy thinks you're not going to be named after your favorite uncle," Tony says conspiratorially. Pepper rolls her eyes. "We can't wait to see you."
But Sam doesn't respond before Tony pulls into a parking spot, turning the car off. "Come on," he says, opening his door.
"Hello to you too. I was wondering if you could do a wedding on Sunday," Steve says, leaning back in the armchair.
"And I.." tears swell up in Tony's eyes. Just when he and Steve had found each other, it was almost fitting for them to be ripped apart like this. He could feel it all. He could feel every moment of never ending earth shattering pain rushing through his body. "Am." Steve flashes through his eyes, not the Steve that he had always known, but Steve in the seconds before they had left Vormir. His blue eyes sparkling with the same ferocity Tony had always known. Thinner, but still just as strong as he had always seemed. Thank god he wasn't here. This image wouldn't have to be in his eyes forever. Tony knew this was it for him. He knew he was done for. There was no magic save, no way out.
One and a half days later, Steve stands on the Stark's property, staring at the five stones, sitting arranged in a case. Under his suit, there were two letters tucked against his chest, almost heavier then the stones in front of him. Bucky and Sam were there, but Bucky wasn't meeting his eyes. They hadn't spoke since Bucky had walked out, and they probably wouldn't speak for a long time from now, the way around Steve was going. Bruce finishes saying something about not being able to bring Natasha back (Steve's hardly listening, he's too jittery). "I miss her, man."
Steve hugs him again laughing. "Of course we were. Have you seen you guys?" Steve's texts was full of conversations with both of the men gushing about the other. Their dates, their gifts, their cooking, their eyes. Steve had never seen Bucky happier, even though he still has PTSD and is missing an arm. Sam's the happiest now that Steve's ever seen him too, even though they hadn't known each other nearly as long. "Go back and clean up Sam," Steve says, pulling away from his grinning friend again.
Steve grins back at Tony, seeing Steve and Bucky turn back towards each other  out of the side of his vision. "I'm glad you like them, really. They're family."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yeah, that I don't have a di—"
Every Sunday for the past nine months, they had attended combat arena, where underlings volunteered to be sent in to fight to the death for a chance to come out victorious and move up in HYDRA ranks. It was vicious, brutal, bloody. Nothing Steve wanted to partake in, but something he knew he could excel at given the proper motivation. Nat could too, perhaps easier then him, but there was no need to reveal how deadly she was to these people. He scrawls his fake name on the sign up sheet in small print, sealing his fate.
(See the end of the chapter for
Bucky blinks up at Tony in surprise as they all sit on the edge of the fountain. "Well he.. he's very nice. Too nice sometimes." He lets out a laugh and his shoulders ease just a little, which is exactly how Steve knows he's glad he was with Tony instead of anyone else when Bucky called. "He's allergic to pineapple, but once he drank a piña colada with pineapple in it because we saw a woman at another table yelling at our waitress. He was ok, obviously, but he had cramps for days."
Tony looks back at the display, smiling. Right then, a brilliant display shoots up into the sky, with the words, Happy Birthday, etched into the sky. "Happy birthday Steve."
"For you. I'll be good for you."
She shrugs, hardly acknowledging the paparazzi flashing around them. "Fury doesn't see it necessary to mention a lot of things. Now, are we going to talk about work the whole time?"
Steve shrugs against him. "Honestly they tried to explain it, but I don't think they really know either. My best guess is the serum, or maybe even the soul stone."
"The world needs protection, and I'm not saying it has to be you, but you know it needs to be done. Whatever you choose, I'm sure it will be right."
"Now wait a minute, what about you honey bun?" Tony says, crossing his arms stubbornly.
She looks up at him with swimming orange eyes. Her eyes scan his face carefully. "It's doing it isn't it." He nods once in confirmation. It must've been something in his face, maybe  "I'm going to... here." She sets her hands on either side of his face and they begin to glow. He's not worried; he trusts Natasha with every fiber in his being even when he shouldn't. But right now, he definitely should, because he can feel his body temperature regulating to its normal status and his head clearing.
"Hello?" Steve answers the phone set aside specifically for HYDRA phone calls, so that Howard and Maria knew not to answer.
"Probably," Tony jokes, graciously cuddling into Steve. "I wanted to tell her I was gay because of your hot ass." Steve laughs.
Tony sits a moment after him, pulling out in front of a car that he probably shouldn't've pulled out in front of. It honks behind them, but Tony doesn't bat an eye as he pulls a few sets of dangerous maneuvers to get them to the park in the shortest time possible. Steve stays quiet as not to distract him, instead pulling up his texts to Sam.
"It's ok." Steve rubs Tony's knuckles with his thumb gently, soothing him into dropping the subject. Either Steve would sleep or he wouldn't, it didn't make a difference, not really. No matter what, once they get to wherever they decide to spend the night, they would be tired and together.
He jumps back up into the air, flying slowly back towards the wreck he had abandoned. "Steve! Steve!"
Tony smirks. "Oh trust me, you'll be thanking me plenty Soldier."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Do people do that in the future?" Howard asks, peering at her over his shoulder.
"He also mentioned Tony Stark twice, which surprised me because the most recent pictures we have of Tony put him in Malibu only a few hours ago."
She rolls her eyes. "Um, it was. I told him to bring a pretty date, or nobody at all so I could set him up with my friends."
"Howard Stark, can you imagine that." Gideon mutters, his eyes passing over Steve and Natasha.
For those of you returning, Hey! Welcome back! Ive got a couple of one shots that will stem off this fic as well, so those will be showing up soon as well!
"The others will be arriving soon, Steve." He nods once, and she squeezes his arm before going back inside. Steve looks through the screen door, and he walks back into the house. He had never felt so small and weak, but somehow, he felt like maybe he wasn't making the wrong choice.
"Tony? What are you..." He doesn't waste another second before pulling Steve down by the back of his neck into a possessive kiss. "What are you doing?" Steve asks, pulling away quickly, his eyes darting around. Vaguely he knows that the brunette had left, perhaps to go flirt with someone else's boyfriend.
Tony nods, pulling away from Steve. "Yeah.. yeah.." he blinks, then stands up, walking to his large closet. Steve pulls off his own jeans, climbing into Tony's obscenely large bed. He had asked Tony about it once, it was called an Alaskan King, and it was all custom. Well, nobody has ever wished for a smaller bed. Still, Steve was pretty sure that someone could get lost in all that mattress, so he scoots closer to the center, flipping the covers open for Tony. He returns soon, wearing the same shirt and sweatpants combo he had had on earlier, rubbing his eyes as he falls into bed next to Steve, curling into his arms. "You're a good boyfriend."
Natasha gives them a tight lipped smile, which was a warmer greeting then most people would get to meet her. Not that they would know that. "Hi Maria, lovely to see you again," Peggy says, still blinking at Steve. Luckily though, she had stopped crying, so there was a positive. "You're serious?"
(See the end of the chapter for
She pats his shoulder. "We're good."
Those simple words are nearly enough to bring him to tears. Peter was such a good kid, even if he was a pain in Tony's ass. He wasn't really Tony's kid, but he may as well be. Peter had lost both his parents in a freak accident at the young age of 2, and his aunt and uncle had taken him in for a few years. Then Ben died. Everything changed. Even with the generous salary of an SI employee, May couldn't afford to take care of Peter, pay off all of Ben's secret gambling debts, and fight her reemerging addiction. It was a long battle before she gave up. All her and Ben's debt fell onto the then 8 year old, twice orphaned Peter Parker. Tony had been in a bad place back then too, so if it hadn't been for Pepper who had been a friend of May's he never would've known what was going to happen to Peter. With no family left, he would be sent to foster care, likely slipping into irreversible poverty the second he left the orphanage.
"How kind," Tony says, smiling up at him. First date. Let's do this.
Steve shakes his head, almost frantically. "I-" he coughs once, grimacing. "That was really good. Hot. Thank you."
Steve turns on the lights, the whole shop flickering to life, an air in his step that he hadn't felt in a long time. "She's going to kill me for not telling her sooner."
He's nothing, he's nothing, he's everything. He wakes up with a gasp to a too bright room, with wires poking out of him everywhere he looks. The monitor begins beeping frantically and around the corner appears a girl peters age with her hair braided up into a bun. Shuri. He was in Wakanda.
Tony nods slowly, his whole body visibly relaxed. "Tomorrow, bud. I love you."
"For the last time, you're not dead. We're time travelers."
Steve snorts, but his chest gets all fluffy abd warm at the praise. Tony cleans him off gently, then tosses the rag into the laundry and lays right down on top of Steve, curling his hand in Steve's hair. "Thank you for that." His voice takes on a bit more serious of a tone. "There's still a few things we should discuss though."
Tony comes to with a throbbing pain in his arm. It didn't take a genius to figure out that it was broken, based on the levels of pain combined with the fact that Tony knew very well that his forearm wasn't supposed to bend that way. Or really at all. Okay. Fine. Okay.
Bucky lets out a choked off laugh that turns more natural. "I don't wanna know about Stevie's sex life." Tony shrugs with a smug look on his face. "But.. I do see the um.. practical applications." His cheeks flush, and Tony grins at him.
He uses his last strength to send electricity through his body and into the Skull's chest. He is thrown back a few hundred feet, his limp body crushing against a rock. "Man, fuck you," Steve grumbles, crawling the last inch to reach the case. At his touch, the second clasp opens to reveal a near blinding orange flash. He squeezes his eyes closed until it had died down to reveal the stone in his palm. Whatever, this may as well be happening. Power rushes through him, and he rises. He can feel everything, can feel the way his atoms are essentially the same as everything around him—everything that ever was and ever will be. He can feel every place where his bones were broken.. correction, used to be broken.
"Hey kiddo." Steve always felt weird around baby Tony. Howard and Maria loved seeing them together because Steve—in their eyes—was wonderful friends with their very alive and brilliant son in the future. Steve knew though, that he had almost killed Tony. That he was in love with Tony. That on some levels, Steve was responsible for his ultimate undoing. But this Tony wasn't the same as his Tony; this Tony thought of Steve only as a man who wasn't his dad, but was nice. Uncle Steve, maybe one day. Uncle Steve and Aunt Nat, one of whom wasn't born and one of whom was frozen in a block of ice right now. Sure.
Here’s a pro tip from Steve: never interrupt Natasha Romanov in a game of cards. Especially if you want something.
"You're the second best thing about this century," Steve confesses, almost absent minded.
"I understand. But uh.. I'm not going to be the one to tell him I took his man."
Tony looks up at him, his fork empty. "Can you sit. I don't think I can eat all this cake alone."
"They didn't... they wanted me to stay—I don't.." She trails off, waving desperately with her hand as if she was trying to explain.
Steve chews the inside of his lip. "Well.. you died sometime in this battle."
"Cool. Thanks."
"I'm not... Steve, I'm not what you want," she says suddenly, pulling her forehead away from his suddenly. Steve furrows his brows, but before he can get a word out, she continues. "I can't.. they sterilized me in the red room. I can never give you the life you deserve—"
"Mmm," Tony hums, closing his eyes with a satisfied smile. "That sounds nice." Steve runs his fingers through the soft brown curls again, staring sweetly down at Tony. "Mm, and it'll make a great impression." His eyes snap open, his brain visibly running a mile a minute.
He cups Tony's jaw, pulling the now quite surprised Tony into a tender kiss. He gets over his shock quickly and returns enthusiastically. Steve pulls back, tasing his eyebrow at Tony. "You don't need to apologize, I thought it was cute. Frankly, if you want to keep it up, I'm all ears over here."
"Working out. Congratulations, Howard." He hadn't seen them leave, but there had been a hastily scrawled note taped to the outside of his door when he woke up.
But I love you too.
Steve sits next to her, grinning. "Doesn't this feel too easy to you?" The ship flies up towards the expanses of space as they sit.
Two days later, Bucky comes knocking. Naturally, Steve opens the door, allowing him entrance. Without saying a word, Bucky enters and sits down on Steve's couch. "Hey Buck..."
After that, they got ice cream. Not the crappy stuff either. Steve had strawberry, and Tony had banana. Banana was, in his opinion, the best flavor of everything. Especially if it was banana chocolate.
"Mother fucker," Steve curses at the newly revealed red skull.
Try saying whiplash five times fast.
He wakes up with a heavy headache in a cell. In the cell next to him he can see Nat, still deep in a sleep, sprawled in a heap on the ground with her hair splayed around her head. He grabs the bars separating them with heavy arms. "Nat," he groans.
"It's Sam I—shit, I really fucked up. He.. oh, he asked me to marry him, and I.. well I want to marry him." Steve squints his eyes in confusion. "But um, it was kinda in public and I kinda had a panic attack so I said no and I ran off and now I can't find him anywhere and he's not answering his phone and I don't know what to do. And you know I'm kinda still having a panic attack now because he won't pick up his phone, and I can't really breathe," Bucky rambles quickly, hardly pausing to breathe once.
"Are you serious? I just wanted to talk to Bucky alone! He's my brother, it's not exactly like I'm overstepping my bounds." Rebecca says adamantly, clearly more than exasperated.
"Well now I'm curious too," Daniel says with a chuckle.
"Does Stevie have a date?" Sam sets down the flour with a thud, smirking at him.
His cheeks flush bright red as he goes back to what he thinks he was doing—a rag in hand could only mean one thing, right—and continues to wipe down the marble countertop. He steals a glance in the mans direction and catches him mid yawn.
"Sure you won't get sick of me? I am the one asking you to stay in the 70's for 8 years on a whim while the fate of multiple realities lies in the balance." Steve raises an eyebrow at her. It's not like he would regret the choice, but it was possible she would. This was what he plotted out as his mission to help make several realities become just that much better.
Sam where are you
On his pages there were two drawings, one of Stark Tower peeking through the skyline and one of a wedding cake for Sam and Bucky. He would have to battle Nat for the rights to making the cake, but damnit, he had to be able to hold his ground against her at least once in his life.
Great job. Excellent. That's exactly how you win a man over. Really, it was a wonder that people weren't falling over themselves to listen to this. Tony clearly feels the same way, given the bewildered and confused look on his face. "I mean.. shit." Another beautiful line. Steve could've been an author in another life, this was perfect word usage. "I thought that the wedding cake was for your wedding, but it's not, actually, which means that um, I probably shouldn't have freaked out when we kissed on Friday."
Nat pinches both Clint and Sam, stepping up between them. "Yes we were. We're glad to see you back. And yourself."
It takes six months for them to fall in love. After that, stretched a period of bliss. Of course things still went wrong, botched missions, kidnappings, attempted murders, injuries, nightmares, fights, screaming. Yet, they both seemed to agree that it was better to handle things together than apart.
7 months later:
"You got me." Steve doesn't try to hide the look of adoration in his eyes when he cooks down into Tony's stunning brown eyes.
"Hm?"
He comes to a stop, looking around at the changed landscape. It was far less drastic then Steve's change, but it was enough to give him pause. Steve weighs the shield in his hands, shrugging. Outside, Peggy steps out of a vehicle, an apologetic smile on her face. They exchange a few generally scripted words, then he sweeps her into a hug, burying his face in her neck. They exchange a few more words, then she leads Steve back inside. Steve fiddles with the collar of his uniform as Steve jr's eyes land on them, darting between the two of them. "Okay, I've gotta ask, what the fuck."
Sam pats his shoulder, a sympathetic look on his face. "It's okay man, I'm sure the right person is out there."
"Thank you," he mutters against Steve's neck wetly, as if he's going to cry. Not that Steve would blame him if he did, it had been a hell of a night after all.
Tony tosses the paper towels behind him into the trash with a wet thud, and he threads his fingers into Steve's hair, pulling him into a close kiss. Steve's fingers find his hips, holding him close as their mouths work together in tandem, sweet and gentle. Someone pulls on the door to the bathroom outside and they both flinch. "Occupied!" Tony calls back, grabbing Steve again and pulling him back down into his lips.
Steve bites his lip, glancing over at Tony who is in the process of rolling his eyes. "Pepper, we talked it over."
"You're an asshole." He stands up, clenching both fists. "Don't forget to say goodbye," he spits out over his shoulder. He's gone before Steve can formulate a proper response. Sure, he knew it would be hard on Bucky, but it would be better for him. Better for everyone in the long run. Steve couldn't go on like this, he spent five years trying to pretend he was fine, but he was over the edge now. He wasn't fine, and the only one who could understand was Pepper, but she didn't want to deal with his grief and her own and Morgan's. Nat had gotten him through five years of hell, but she was gone now. Steve couldn't do it. It would be hard, sure, but leaving would be easier, like ripping off a bandaid.
The next day, they're in England posing at that US embassy for the front pages of a newspaper proclaiming: US VETS STRANDED IN KOREA SAVE RUSSIAN WOMAN LEFT TO DIE BY SOVIETS. Then they get to Howard's boat and are off on the way back safe to America with time to spare. It's Howard who greets them, and he looks a mixture of thrilled and pissed. "The news paper! Seriously?" He proclaims, then sweeps them all into a rather awkward hug. "I mean really, you were supposed to keep a low profile," he grumbles, then let's go of them. "Hey Barnes, glad you're back with us."
but I kissed him and he told me that I had to leave
"You did just say you were an adult Peter," Steve says, earning a look of adoration from Tony. Peter grumbles something about needing a new family, crossing his arms over his chest.
Her lips part and he lets his own follow suit, feeling her tongue slip into his mouth, running along the roof of his mouth. She tastes like summer nights and cherry blossoms, and she was the most amazing thing he's ever felt. Her other hand rests on his waist, a gentle weight grounding him. If their first kiss was good, this was earth shattering. If he could freeze this feeling and hang onto it for the rest of his life, he would. All too soon, she draws back, her hair in strands framing her face perfectly. They don't move away from each other, and Steve rests their foreheads together gently. "That's not what I was expecting."
Curse it all. Curse it fucking all. Clint wasn't technically an employee, so he couldn't do this, and frankly, Steve was pretty sure that Clint would be too chicken to go against what Nat said anyways.
Steve laughs into his mouth, breaking the kiss. "We should probably go now, babe."
"Steve." Because it wasn't really Shuri who had saved him, it was Steve.
"We've dome it before," Natasha says, peeling herself away from Steve's chest, but still holding onto his shoulder. He rests a hand on her elbow to keep her steady. "Can you take the stone out of me?"
And there's the added bonus that with Bucky working, he's the one up front when Tony walks through the door. Steve ducks below the window before the bell on the door is even ringing, feeling awfully like a goddamn child. Really? This was what he resorted to? Hiding behind a counter? He had half been hoping that Tony would never show up again and he would just be able to move on with his life.
She huffs, crossing her arms. "I can handle myself."
"Same old same old. Where's Tony? Aren't you two supposed to me making out in a corner or something by now." Victor teases, grinning at him.
Tony pinches him. "Me dummy." Once he gets a skeptical look, he sighs. "With help from Bucky. I could make a cake if I wanted."
"Oh hush. It's not your wedding." Still, Steve stoops down to give him one last kiss before taking his arm back. "I'll come see you before you know it.
Nat shrugs. "Soon. Maybe today even."
"When I heard that Captain America and Black Widow were at my gala, I must say, I didn't quite believe it. What gives? Are we gettin the band back together?" Stark's voice interrupts him, and they both turn, Natashas face lighting up with a smile.
He ties off the bandage, leaning back on his heels and studying Steve. "All I want."
"Natasha. Fury didn't mention you would be here." His words are quiet and said through a brilliant press smile he had perfected in the 40's.
Steve rubs circles onto his bare back. "You got a little crush on Bucky?" He teases, bringing the conversation away from things that were annoying to discuss on a lavish bed.
It was better.
Stay tuned for more!
"Yes, the program is very much real. I'll allow you to clean up now." Adam walks away swiftly, not waiting for a response. He still made Steve's skin crawl, but not as much as his boss, who was apparently manipulating the strings of an entire underground organization from a prison cell. Daniel Whitehall scared the shit out of Steve.
"I'm hoping if you play this back, it's in celebration." Morgan nestles closer into Peppers chest, staring up at Tony.
As he delved deeper into the ways in which society had changed since his fall, with the rise of consumerism and the dawn of a new age of technology, it made sense. Even Stark Tower became beautiful in his eyes, with time. He could appreciate the architectural qualities better once he could understand what it did, what it stood for. He had seen the films. "Peace in our time," Tony said, grinning at a camera. But he knew Tony now. That wasn't really what he wanted, and besides, there was no way. They all knew that. The tower didn't represent peace, it represented the future. In some ways, this still felt like the future, but in others, Steve knew that changes would continue to come. Bigger, better, higher, further, faster.
"Wouldn't dream of it," Tony replies easily, squeezing his hand. It's that moment that Sam notices them sitting there, which Steve can tell by the way his eyes fly open and he says something hurriedly to Bucky. "Well I'm glad at lease someone recognizes me," Tony jokes, sitting up and pulling Steve to his feet.
First up, they went canoeing. It had seemed like the kind of weird outdoorsy shit Steve would be into, and god was he. He spent most of the ride actually rowing while Tony laid his head in Steve's lap, just talking and talking. Steve's smile didn't falter once, as he stared down at Tony, sometimes putting the paddle to rest in favor of running his hands through curly brown hair.
Tony let's out a bark of laughter. "Oh, that's adorable Steve. I think you went a little over board though." He reaches over and pokes Steve's upper arm with a pretty smile.
Sam goes silent for such a long while that if it weren't for the road noises, Steve would assume they lost connection. "Fine," he says finally. "Where are you."
"Any time sweetheart," Tony responds, kissing at his neck.
"Well that's ok, she was invited, right?"
"No, he had an early shift."
"Great." Steve's phone starts ringing right as he's about to take another bite, so he does, savoring it, before pulling out his phone. Steve furrows his brow at Bucky's name on his phone screen. "Hold on, I think I need to take this," Steve says.
Steve picks his way over to her, with a look of exasperation. "Wanda Maximoff, I think you forget to tell me that this was the wedding you were going to."
She regulates her breathing, setting a hand on her chest. "The.. I don't know. Like.. shadows. They grabbed me—wouldn't let me go." Great. That makes no fucking sense.
Steve forces his lips up into a smile. "Get to work Wilson," he says teasingly, looking down at the keys dangling from his fingers. "We open in 20."
"Yeah?" This was going to hurt his heart. He was way to old for this. He hadn't had a crush in.. well, probably a decade, to be honest, but something in him was dusting off cobwebs at even the idea of Steve liking him.
"Why don't we just get going," Steve interjects. "I do still have to get the cake."
On god he was going to make this work.
"Well that can't be true," Steve says, pouring out some strawberry syrup into the almost finished frosting. His fiancée had to like him at least a little. Tony doesn't answer that, and Steve can't decide if he thinks that's a good thing or not. Steve finishes up the small batch of frosting with a faint pink tint and brings it over to Tony, who was still leaning over the counter. "Here you go," Steve says gently. He looked vulnerable in a way that Steve hadn't exactly been expecting.
Steve also convinced him to start attending meetings for soldiers with PTSD who returned from the war. Bucky had met Sam and convinced Steve to bring him on. Sam and Steve had gotten on like a wildfire, after all they shared a common trait; they both loved Bucky; Sam, as it turns out, in quite a different way from Steve. So Sam and Bucky moved in together, and Steve was about 90% sure that he was going to have to rent a tux pretty damn soon.
"I mean, you don't want to.." Tony shrugs, collapsing into the seat next to Steve. "Just let them have at it. Although, I've tried it before... not a hot move. We can do something."
He jolts to his feet. "Yeah, probably."
Tony looks up at him with big sad eyes. "I wanna come too."
Then they went to the MoMA, damp as they still were from their canoe trip, and both, far louder than most of the other patrons. Steve talks about his favorite pieces, and Tony watches him with every shred of his focus, a true feat considering that most of the time his mind is running at least nine other things at any given time. Vaguely, Tony knows they're being filmed, but he doesn't really care. The relationship shouldn't have to be a secret just because Tony was really really rich and cool.
"I love you too. I'm gonna.. go. Bye Mr. Rogers." Peter retracts from Tony, his eyes flickering up to Steve. Steve gives him a little wave, and Peter retreats out of the room, closing the door behind him.
"But it doesn't always roll that way." Nothing ever rolled the right way for them.
Before Steve can say anything, Tony answers easily. "I said it's ok. We were mostly done anyway." Steve smiles gently at Tony, with an understanding that there wasn't another person he would want with him in this moment. The was so calm, so matter of fact. Tony was a man used to handling anything in stride, and Steve couldn't imagine a more useful set of skills right now. Hell, he bets Tony could even handle Peter and Princess Shuri, even if he didn't think so himself.
"I'm sick of Stark. He's never even around any more."
"You didn't need it for very long then," Thor observes, taking the bag.
Bucky's eyes bulge out of his head. "Three thousand. That's..."
The other, worse side of him had wanted Tony to return and.. and do what? What the hell did Steve really expect.
Oh. That's nicer then a punch in the face. Tony's hand is cupping his jaw and their bodies are pushed flush together in a passionate kiss. There were what felt like thousands of people around them, but as far as Steve was concerned, they were the only two people on the planet. This was right. His hands snake around Tony's waist to deepen the kiss, leaving him breathless, but still kissing. He didn't need oxygen anymore, just Tony. It's Tony that pulls away first, but he doesn't go far.. in fact, hardly even an inch. "How would you feel about being my date to this thing I'm going to. It's my friends wedding, and it would be embarrassing to show up alone. I think you'd make a pretty cute accessory," he says gently, quiet enough that only Steve can hear him.
Steve leans over the counter, taking a sip of his hot tea. "What's up?"
They arrive just after they had left, and Nat stoops over to pick the stone up from where it sat on a rock in a tiny plastic bag. The unconscious form of Peter quill lays in the same position it had been in every other time, his mouth hanging open. Nat's suit dematerializes, revealing the Black Widow under it. "Should I slap him?"
"I need your dick. Please Tony, I'll be so good, just for you." He licks his lips, pulling Tony closer with his hands.
Then Tony's gone, only to appear standing next to James a minute later. "So when did that happen?" Wanda says.
His eyes scan her clothes, her hair, then the stereo. "The broadcast. I was there. Where am I?"
He listens, partially because he doesn't really have a choice, partially because he knows that he should, and partially because he doesn't really want Nat to beat his ass. She changes quickly after he's done and shuts the lights off, slipping under the covers of the bed next to him. Gently, she takes his hand resting between them, rubbing the back of his hand with her thumb. "Do you want to talk about it."
When Tony wakes up, it's thankfully not to the sound of the plane burning down, or the sound of Hydra coming to kill them, but his own name, gentle on Steve's lips. It was still dark out, and the fire was little more than embers, but Tony could feel blue eyes on him. "Cap?"
Steve's heart stops the second this man walks through the door. He has his hands in the pockets of an incredibly tailored suit, and he's wearing these stupid red sunglasses over eyes that are turned away from Steve and towards the cakes in the display case. His hair has this messy quality to it that makes Steve feel all tingly, like he's seeing this man in bed in the morning, his hair over closed eyes. To put it simply, Steve was fairly certain that an actual deity had just walked through his door. Luckily he doesn't look at Steve, because Steve thinks he would die of embarrassment given how long he's been staring.
Sure, Tony is a genius. That doesn't stop the words from registering late. "I'm sorry, what? You left me for dead in a bunker in Siberia after beating the shit out of me, Rogers. That's not love." It can't be true. It can't be true, because then, that would mean that... they had wasted so much time. Years and years they could've spent not so alone. Tony's crying too, and clinging back to Steve, metal clad fingers digging into Kevlar.
"Your robots," Bucky repeats incredulously.
"No sorry, I've only been back here a few minutes, had to pick up the cake. You can try that door," he points to Sam's dressing room and she steps away towards it.
"It's kind of tragic. He obviously.. well he felt something for Bucky, only to loose him."
"Gimme. Give me that." He snaps at the tablet, turning on Steve with an intensity he wasn't used to. He can't help but obey, fumbling with the tablet.
again, to preserve my honor? what's left to preserve Ms. Potts?
"Mmmh," Tony hums out his agreement. Sounded about right to his clouded mind. "On your knees soldier." Steve, apparently very eager to obey, falls to his knees with a resounding thudding noise of his knees hitting the tiles. "This is all you need. This is where you belong."
"Bullshit."
"My name is Daniel Whitehall. I believe you have something for me." He is commanding, and Steve gets the feeling that he's the center of every room he enters. This is a powerful man, one who could have Steve dead in hours, yet he was playing a game here, a rather dangerous one.
"Exactly. And, praise god, she is staying there when Peter comes home on Friday." Tony looks towards the sky in a joking manner.
"You're fucking crazy, that's what you are."
That seems to satisfy that line of questioning, which Tony couldn't be more grateful for. He didn't have much better answers than that. "Ok um.. who's he?" Ned says and Peter hits him in the arm.
Damn, I guess you really are rich.
Steve picks up his napkin, wiping at his mouth while he feels Tony's confused gaze on him. "Okay, where are you?"
"I love you too dear. Say bye to Steve, ok?"
Steve, thoroughly confused, takes a first bite of sandwich. God, it's good. Handmade by chef Jemma Simmons, who Steve would've gladly hired if she hadn't wound up working for Fury.
"For not letting me fall."
"One step at a time Tony," Steve says, setting a hand on Tony's elbow. "I can't die from bacteria."
Steve steps up with a little smile. "Congratulations on the marriage."
It feels so strange to have all that grandeur focused on him, but also it seems right. "Oh you know, a few missions here and there." Truth be told, he had been working nearly nonstop. Fury's style of secretive leadership seemed to serve exclusively to tick him off.
"I have a confession to make," Steve says gently, tucking himself back into his pants.
"You need to calm down."
Steve nods, pushing the cart up next to the display cart. "Thank you." Indeed, the chefs help him assemble the towering cake onto the cart, the fondant flowers complimenting the cloth nicely. "Does the cake have a place where it should be?" Steve asks the chefs, glancing around.
Steve waves his hand through the air. "You worked your share for the day Sam. Besides you're not scheduled again until Monday, enjoy the break bud." Truth be told, Steve just didn't particularly want anyone else to know that he was ridiculously infatuated with an engaged man, and all his employees could see right through him. It would be easier to just do it alone, even if that meant no back up.
Tony curses, and Bucky grimaces. "I can come back another day... if you're busy."
"Nat—"
"It's not gonna happen," Rhodey says.
"Night Stevie."
"I don't think anyone wants my actual genes. If I had kids, I honestly don't know if they'd pop out tiny and asthmatic or hopped up on baby serum."
Tony nods his agreement, sliding his hands to lock around Steve's neck comfortably. "You know, this is probably going to be all over the tabloids tomorrow. Tony Stark sleeps with baker."
The two Stark's herd them towards the dining room, and they all end up seated around the table. Steve is sitting with Nat on one side and Daniel on the other. Part of him wanted to be next to Peggy, but the logical part of him knew that that was actually a terrible idea. Peggy returns shortly, looking as impeccable as before, gracefully taking her seat next to Daniel. "So I'm assuming you're Natasha?"
Tony rolls his eyes. "I can't stand people like that. Like they have the right to pretend like they're helping me by harassing me for no reason." He squeezes Steve's fingers. "I'd rather publish my own statement anyways."
"Very." Tony leans over to give him a chaste kiss, given their current surroundings. "And last but not least." He makes grabby hands at Rhodey, who was carefully holding the box. He hands it over, and Tony pulls the lid off with no further ceremony. He doesn't say anything for a long time, instead staring down at whatever it was, getting a little misty eyed. "That's baby Tony?" His voice cracks, and he tenderly pulls a black and white photo out of the box. Oh. Ultrasounds.
Tony smiles, a blush creeping onto his cheeks. "I.. yeah. I love you too."
"Love you too," Steve says automatically, watching Tony finish the last few bites of dessert. "Bye."
"Okay," Tony mutters, clearly enjoying the closeness just as much as Steve. By the time they make it to Tony's house—which is apparently at the top of a massive tower with a stunning view of the city and the ocean—both of them are playing a game of chicken with brief touches and chaste pecks on the cheek. "The is my penthouse. The whole floor is private, and we're the only ones here tonight so." He waggles his eyebrows at Steve likes that's a completion to his sentence.
"You're going to leave, aren't you." He looks up at Steve, tears welling begins his blue eyes.
But this could be salvageable. Maybe he could still fix this.
"Thanks Mari." Peggy walks out, heading towards the upstairs bathroom, her shoulders stiff as she leaves.
"That you loved him?" He nods, to shaken to form a response. "You looked at him the same way I did at our wedding." She shrugs. "Besides, why would you chicken out of seeing him so many times otherwise."
"Please, people will be offended no matter what I say." Steve says, leaning his arm against the window. That, he knew, was true. Since the moment he got the serum, he had been expected to say nothing, and if he had to, to make it inspiring and non political. He was Captain America, and if he didn't act a certain way, the world would look down at him and America. If news ever got out that he was bisexual, there would surely be national backlash, even in the 21st century.
So Steve decides to leave without a goodbye, it was impossible to get a word in edgewise when they were tinkering together. As far as Steve was sure, they never ran a shift without the other, which was incredibly kind of Fury.
Mmmmmhhhhh maybe Tony needed some endorphins right now. Jesus fucking shit. Fuck. What the hell? "No you don't." Tony's brain responds almost immediately. Seriously, there was no way. Tony knew Steve, and Steve did absolutely not have a crush—as cute as that was—on Tony. On any man. Steve hadn't expressed overly homophobic feelings, but.... not even once. He hadn't mentioned anything of the sort—no. Steve was high. Or dying. Not serious. Maybe he was joking. That made more sense.
"You two were betting on us." Sam's tears spill over onto his cheeks a delighted smile on his face.
See, Tony knew that he would be in love, probably before the summer was over. It was a fact for him. It didn't matter how fast it took Steve to get there, because this was going to work. They were good together. Honestly, There wasn't much of a doubt in his mind that he could've easily been in love by now if he wasn't holding back. He trusted Steve, but it had been.. well.. longer than he wanted to count since his last serious relationship had ended with the screamed words that love wasn't enough to make her stay. Sunset was smart, but she was also a manipulative bitch. Logically, he knew that that wasn't Steve, but he couldn't shake the voice that insisted he hadn't thought Sunset wound be like that either.
With his good hand, he grabs his wrist, bracing his body against the floor, and breathing in deeply, before snapping his arm back into place. He exclaims loudly, his vision swimming. Fucking fuck ow. Yeah. Ow. At least, his arm was back to being  right though. More or less. Less. Ow.
Steve lets out a deep breath, taking the keys. "Fine. I'll see you soon."
"I suppose not.. how have you been."
"No. No no no." Steve stumbles forward out of the portal onto the open field of destruction. He collapses in front of Tony, grabbing for his hand. "Tony no, you can't."
God damn it. Steve blinks at Tony, but far be it from his capabilities to say no, so he sits down, a smile toying on his lips. Steve sinks into the chair, unable to stop himself from leaning against the table, smiling over at the beautiful man in front of him. "If I didn't know better, I'd almost think you were flirting." Oh no. Oh god. Oh no. Shit, he just doesn't know when to shut the hell up. Did every ounce of sense leave his body? Why the ever loving fuck would he say that out loud. Steve's eyes widen in fears she goes to apologize.
"You guys must have a group chat to gossip about me," Steve grumbles, moving behind the counter and grabbing a fresh apron off the rack behind him. "Not great. She was nice, but not really.. my type." Brown eyes behind red sunglasses flash through his mind and Steve feels heaviness in his chest.
"And.. how is he?" Steve asks, trying desperately to breathe like a normal person.
"It's Howard's alcohol!" He protests, despite his body trying to kill him. Seriously, what the fuck was in that shit.
"Yes way," Tony counters, challenging him to say shit. He doesn't, gladly.
It was sloppy, and wet everywhere, and Steve looked an absolute wreck, and god Tony was barely hanging on. He was definitely going to come like this, with Steve's cheeks hollowed around him and the fierce constriction of his throat as he desperately tries to pull in air. Almost every thrust skits Steve's teeth across the base of his cock, but neither of them much care. Steve moans loudly, his body twitching. Tony tugs on his hair gently, still balled in his fist. "Steve," Tony moans, though it's not him who's choking. Steve gets it though, and even wrecked as he was, he's still able to construct his mouth for a few seconds before Tony comes in heavy spurts, pulling halfway out so he can get most of it on his tongue rather than right down his throat. Steve pants into it, closing his mouth and swallowing down. Tony tucks his cock back into his pants, rebuttoning them.
Steve can't help but blush, as the rest of the room groans. "Shut up Stark," Rhodey says, covering his eyes. Luckily, nobody is looking at him, so he's free enough to grab and down one of the champagne flutes on the counter.
"Duh." The song comes to an end, and one starts up that Steve most certainly knew all the words to. I Wanna Dance with Somebody, was in his personal list of all time favorites. He's pleasantly surprised to learn that Peter also knows all the words. "Peter, I wouldn't expect you to jam to Whitney Houston."
"Of course." Steve feels the smile firmly on his face through the rest of his shift, overjoyed at the prospect of two of his best friends finally getting hitched.
"About three minutes ago." Steve says with a little shrug.
He can't really help but smile and blush while he pushes up to kiss him gently. "How can you say all that cute shit with a straight face," Tony complains between kisses.
Peter waves him off. "Go sit, I'll be over in a second."
"And third wheel? No thanks Sam," Steve says with a smile. "Now get home to your boyfriend."
"What if he's in trouble?" Tony whines.
"Can you fuck out of here for a minute," Tony snaps back at him, "we don't need your dumb shit riddles."
i didn't, actually
"Tony."
"I'll do my best," Tony mutters, leaving it up to Steve to determine exactly what he would be doing his best to do. After all, Tony was a little shit. "I love you," Tony whispers into his skin, sending goosebumps down Steve's arms. Steve lets his fingers find Tony's hips, remembering to continue to sway back and forth so they didn't look entirely like they were doing romantic foreplay in the middle of the dance floor at someone else's wedding.
"Peter isn't here Tony." Steve deadpans, adjusting the arm around Tony's shoulders to turn off Tony's  phone then go back to holding him. "What if I want to."
"You know very well they're not fake, Tony," he says suggestively, not missing the mischievous smile on Tony's face at that reminder. "I had to take some pretty experimental drugs to get healthy, and then.. well, would you believe me if I said I got muscles because I wanted to be able to knead bread?"
Captivated by Tony's eyes, he raises a thumb to swipe the excess frosting from the corner of the other man's mouth, and Steve watches his lips part ever so slightly, his eyes never leaving Steve's. Then there are soft pink lips on Steve's lips and everything feels right in the world.
Victor rolls his eyes. "Thank you, oh gracious one. Pep and Rhodey are sitting down, I'm pretty sure that means you have things to do Tony."
"Sure thanks man. Nice decorations," he says, handing over the box. It's lighter than Steve expected, even given the size of the box. Even he couldn't help but wonder what it was. Tony had been harassing him for a chance to open his presents before anyone else got there.
"Eh, maybe."
"Not lost," Frigga adds. "Banished, hidden away on purpose. Only a select few know the whereabouts of the mind stone when it was deemed too powerful and volatile to remain in use."
Unfortunately less than an hour later, reports come in of another big monster attack, until it starts to dissolve, revealing StarkIndustry drones. Tony looks at Steve and Steve looks at Tony and wordlessly they jump into action, running up into the nearest quinjet. "Friday," Tony says, typing in the coding to wake her up. Oh the perks of being a tech giant.
"I am inevitable." Thanos snaps his fingers, and everything seems to stop.
She shrugs. "It could be Maria's."
"Oh that's okay," she straightens up, and he finally gets a good look at her, closing Bucky's door. "Oh, hey Steve. It's been too long."
She gives him a funny smile. "I guess we are. So you're 100% Irish?"
The crowd is stunned into silence, then they begin to cheer, screaming in favor of Steve's victory. He dislodges his fist, and raises it to the sky, bodily fluids dripping down his arm. He wipes it away on his bloody clothes, limping towards the exit of the arena. He was almost sure his leg was broken, but it would be healed in an hour or two. Steve didn't consider himself a brutal person, but clearly his actions had something to say about that. Sure, part of it had been playing a role, but part of it had been loosing himself in the act of slaughter. Before he can reach the doors, Nat bursts from them, cupping his neck and pulling him down for a deep kiss. People cheer and wolf whistle, but all of it disgusts Steve. Well, all of it but Nat kissing him. That had become a.. a necessity.
"Natasha," he greets, his face lighting up with a matching smile as she leans in to give him a warm hug. If Steve were only slightly less attuned, he wouldn't have noticed the slight moving of her lips or the ever so subtle crease of his brows that was gone in half a second. This was an exchange from two friends, sure, but more exactly, two people remarkably accustomed to this kind of secret interaction in the middle of public eye. "How was Fiji, darling?"
Tony breaks off, but Steve keeps kissing at his jaw. "And let's get a fro yo machine in the tower. Ooh, or a dippin dots."
Steve grins like a devil, plastering himself to Tony's back in the mirror. "I'm your mess though." Tony chuckles softly, turning to face Steve and rubbing the spit and tears away from his cheeks, chin, and even chest. "I wasn't kidding when I said you're all I need Tony." His eyes twinkle, leaning into Tony's touch.
It's a long awkward conversation that omits many many details from 2023, but that wasn't even their future anymore. There was no telling how much they had changed the events to come in this timeline. Then Steve jr picks up a slice of pumpkin pie, a disbelieving chuckle on his lips. "So then what the hell do we do now. You guys are leaving, right?"
Tony blinks at her. "Uh sure. Just pinky promise me you won't... upset him."  He pries himself away from the bed, his own hospital gown swinging around his ankles. He had been admitted to the same hospital, but he convinced the nurses to move their beds to the same room, and he's just the right amount of reckless enough to climb into Steve's bed. He wasn't that badly hurt, but it still took some convincing.
Tony laughs. "Only once?"
"Well yeah. It's still a weapons company when you get down to it but... that's what the board wants. And if I use the tech I make to also help people, then that's my business." His voice is only a little bitter, which Steve finds remarkable, given that he was actually pretty clearly really mad about that.
"I—yeah." He gets to his feet, and walks after her, sparing a look to Rhodey, who's head is in his hand and who's shoulders are shaking. The screen door closes behind them, and she closes the glass one too. "Pepper I'm—"
Ok, yes, this is the last chapter BUT. You may have noticed that I added this as the first work in a collection, because indeed, just as I expected, I was unable to stop myself. So I have a one shot prepared that will go up in a couple days that takes place during the events of this story and a story that happens right after this one in the drafts. So stay tuned, haha. Thanks for sticking with me on this ride, xoxo!
"Ok, how about nobody argues, and we eat?" Natasha says, a smile on her face that says clearly that she isn't asking.
Steve gets out too, closing it in time with Tony. Luckily, Bucky isn't exactly hard to find. He's leaned up against a tree, sitting in the dewy grass with his head buried in his knees. "Can you give me one second Tony?" Steve asks, squeezing his hand, walking backwards to where Bucky is.
"You're a fucking tease, Rogers," Tony complains, but he's grinning as he grabs a shirt, buttoning it up over his bruised skin.
"Oh, I'm not allowed to be upset that she was all over you?"
One step closer to finding Bucky.
In the first few weeks the team lived together, they are separately, all retiring to their quarters when they wanted a meal. There was always a common kitchen, but it hadn't been stocked with much other than coffee. And that continued, up until the day Steve realized he had no food in his kitchen, far after when he should've eaten. When he was too hungry, his body began shaking, something he had developed only after the serum, thank God. It was almost midnight, and he had known the only other person in the tower who was sure to be awake was Tony, working day in and day out in his lab.
haha, yah.. you didn't get that?
Hope you’re all well 💖
"Thanks." Bucky stands up, pulling at his jacket. "Okay. I got this." He sets off then, straight towards Sam.
"Danny, that's Steve." She says, gasping and putting a hand over her mouth.
"Use mine," Maria offers her, setting a hand on her shoulder.
Steve smiles and leans down to capture his lips. "Weddings huh?"
Thor freezes for a moment, taking in the carnage. "Come on, we need to get back to them." Steve offers Thor his hand, and he springs into action, flying them across the war zone and sending them crashing through a beautifully ornate window. No sooner do they enter when a burst of golden light flies out, sending both blonds stumbling backward. Deep below then, the castle rumbles and Natasha screams. "No no no no," Steve says, breaking out into a full sprint. "Natasha!" He shouts. This could be bad, this could be really bad. Really really bad.
As they fall asleep in silence, her hand finds his, holding it between them. Her eyes stop glowing and she closes them slowly in the cool light of a full moon.
"Don't be ridiculous, Vanya, that's not real," Nat scolds. "What about extra dinner time rations," she offers as a useless counter.
Trigger warning! Panic attack
"We're not doing that," Steve says, wrapping his arms around Tony's waist.
"You cannot be serious." Sam says the following day, his mouth hanging open just a little.
"Indeed sir. Lovely to meet you properly, Captain Rogers." He holds out a hand for Steve to take.
Steve nods shakily. "You know if it never happens, you're enough for me. You've always been enough."
"I mean.. I'm not really sure. I was getting his homework out of his bag for him, and I found an um.. a bracelet, and he screamed at me about snooping, took his bag and left." Tony slumps into Steve's chest, burying his face in the blanket. "It's all my fault."
"Two coffees. Creamer, no sugar." Steve answers.
So Tony resigns himself to sleeping on the couch, loath to disturb the sleeping teen on his chest. He ignores the last few texts from his friends, instead sliding deeper into the couch.
Sure. That's fine. "Ok. Ready?" Tony moves around Steve, then wraps his good hand around the end of the tree branch. "3...2..." He yanks it out, watching Steve practically pass out, not a sound coming out of his lips. Blood gushed out of the renewed hole in his gut, and Tony is very happy that he's not scared of blood. He points his index at the wound, activating his laser finger. That is when Steve starts to groan, his hand raising to clutch at Tony's unoccupied shoulder. "It's ok. It's ok, I got you." The smell of burning flesh reaches his nose before long, but the blood stops.
"Yes please," Steve says slowly, blinking down at his hands. "How'd you sleep?"
Tony kneels down next to the pile of sticks and logs, and begins arranging them into a teepee. He knew he probably shouldn't start a fire in here, but he was still going to because it was still pretty well ventilated. Tomorrow he could also pile some snow up on his makeshift wall for better insulation, and then they would worry about smoke. Now, it seemed like not a problem. Tony holds his hand up next to the still wet wood, and turns his repulser up to 1% power, a low heat coming out of it.
Steve pulls back, a real smile on his face through the tears. "Of course you do. You're a smart kid, Morgan." As smart as Tony. She looked like him too. Steve's chest aches with the need to protect her, but that wasn't his job. She needed her mother, Happy, Rhodey. Not a broken hundred old man who's lost everyone he's ever known multiple times. "Smart like your daddy," he adds, then let's go of her, seeing Pepper's heels looming next to him.
He hears Thor running after him, but pays him no heed as he bursts through a set of already splintered doors to find Natasha wrestling her arm away from a shadowy figure protruding itself through a splinter in the air. Frigga springs into action before Steve can, using magic to force the creature back through the splinter and close it. "The convergence shouldn't be happening yet," she declares, brushing her dress down. Steve's eyes land on the two enemy soldiers laying very very dead on the floor in a heap.
"Don't look at me like that. He jumped away from me like I had a knife. I can't get the look in his eyes out of my mind." Tony takes a bite of pop tart, splitting through frosting into strawberry filling that only serves to make him remember the way the kiss felt. "He looked like a deer caught in the headlights and told me I had to leave." Tony furiously neglects to meet the eyes of the nosy teenager in front of him.
"I'm alright, Howard, I might sit down though." She smiles over at him.
Hopefully the team would be here soon, and they would be just fine. Until then, they had to proceed as if they would be stuck here for a while. Which meant shelter. Food. Water. Heat. By the time they ran out of food, Steve's healing would definitely have kicked in, and they would be able to go hunting... ew. Until then, heat. The plane could serve as a pretty good rudimentary shelter, but unfortunately, bitter wind was blowing in from the gaping hole in the back, so he would need to cover that up. Then he could worry about a fire, and hopefully start making some of the MREs. "Don't worry your pretty head Cap, I'll take care of it." With that, Tony takes off towards the edge of the crater, and the broken trees. "Ok J, this will be fine. Like Boy Scouts." He could hear Jarvis's comment that Tony had, in fact, never been in Boy Scouts. Irrelevant. He was very smart and sexy. Surely, he could take care of it.
The sand under Steve's feet is clumped with blood. There is blood on his face, his clothes, everywhere. Some of it is his, most of it is not. Dead bodies litter the ground around him, three of them to be exact. Cheering meets his eardrums, aa he bigs his heel in the sand, letting out an animalistic growl at the last remaining man. He screams in rage, charging at Steve. Neither of them have weapons or armor, but if the fact that Steve's entire body was a weapon he would probably be kicked out. He sidesteps, tripling the other man to his stomach. He scampers away, but Steve lunges at him, pinning him to the ground.
"Don't worry doll, I can practice discretion. I assume that means you're not going to want to stick around and meet Maria?" He turns away, walking back towards where he had been working.
"I know everything Bucky, don't be ridiculous." Steve leans over to plant a kiss on his cheek. Bucky laughs, wrapping his arms around Steve's shoulders. "We have a wedding to put on now, alright?"
There's a knock at the door. Steve's heart leaps into his throat and he hurried to the door, opening it to find Tony holding a single red rose. He was wearing those red sunglasses again with a deep red shirt. "Sorry I'm a little late Steve, I got caught up on a phone call with Peter. Kid was insistent that Princess Shuri should come stay with us. Well, I can't do that, there isn't enough Xanax in the world that could relax me with those two running around, that girl would completely take over my lab. She's too smart for her own good, and certainly for mine. I don't know how the Queen does it. Now she's amazing. And so kind too for letting Pete stay with her. He's been working on his SAT's too much so I just needed to send him on vacation."
That was so fucking typical of Steve's luck with relationships. Damn it.
Nat looks up at Steve with a glow in her eyes, but before either can say anything, Frigga is there. "Presumably no. If you truly went to the cliffs of Vormir and returned, that means the stone only has a piece of itself in you, the same way you were partially in the stone during your time in the afterlife. Lady Jane had the entirety of the Aether inside of her, which caused the danger." Oh thank god... gods? Steve's thoughts are reflected in Nat's face as she relaxes visibly.
"The... newborn one that Maria is getting?" Daniel asks.
They had families. They were Steve's family. Then again, he's never been good at dealing with grief. He dealt with the loss of his dad by enlisting in the military more times then what was considered legal. After Bucky fell, he had crashed a plane into the frigid waves of the arctic. Now that Tony and Nat we're gone, he had fled to the past. When his mother had died, he had hurled himself into a series of pointless fights he could never win with people who would never loose against a scrawny asthmatic punk like him. Until finally, Bucky grabbed him by the shirt and told him something he would never forget. "Your ma wouldn't wancha fightin all these wankers who don' deserve it, ya punk." That of course was true.
Steve slices through the neck of a prisoner with his shield, feelings claw scrape at his skin. "Well I'll have to meet her then." Truth be told, he had met Jane once at one of Tony's parties shortly before Ultron. She was nice, smart. Reminded him a bit of Peggy, especially when Thor retold the part of their relationship where she slapped him... twice. Thor had eyes for her and only her. A week later, they were broken up and nobody could ask him why because he was MIA for a few days, only returning at the beckoning of Strukers base. Then he was gone for entirely different reasons and Steve didn't see him again until the battle of Wakanda.
Tony glares over at the absolutely delicious cake, feeling a coil of emotion in his throat, threatening to spill out. He was never rejected; not because he was hot and rich (even if that had something to do with it), but because he was usually so sure. So certain before he made a move. Besides, it wasn't like he made that many moves anymore, when he could just walk around and get someone to come up the tower.
The air was crisp against his hot cheeks, and he could practically feel his heart in his chest. This was already so different from any of his other dates. Maybe that was fitting though, because Tony was most certainly different from.. well, anyone Steve had ever met before. He was a forest fire that Steve wouldn't mind getting caught up in. "So Italian," Steve comments, trying to diffuse the hot thoughts in his mind.
Tony spears it on his fork, raising it to Steve before he puts it in his mouth. If there was one thing Steve knew how to do, it was make a good cake. All of them were moist and mostly fresh, but most importantly they had a lot of love put into them. It was a good job. Everything was worth it to see the way Tony's eyes light up with that one bite. "This is amazing, Steve," he says, taking another bite. "Here, do you want some," he offers a fork full of cake to Steve.
"And um... we should take a bath together."
"Tony. I trust you." Somehow, that felt different from every time Steve had said it before. Like perhaps, he meant it more than he had ever meant anything else.
Steve slides closer to Tony almost instantly, clutching his hand. "So, how about I take you to a wedding this time," he mentions, looking away from the private scene unfolding in front of them.
He puts the car into drive and hurries away, tires squeaking on wet asphalt. It was late and wet, so not many people were out anymore; there was hardly any traffic on his way back to Stark Tower, which he was great full due to his only half attention on the road. The other half was dedicated to squelching mental images of blue eyes and broad shoulders, fading into a look of panic and the frame of a man who was trying to shrink away forever.
Tony makes a thoughtful noise, leaning into Steve's body. "I think.. I think you're probably not a homophobe."
"I like you. Steve.. he just sits on the couch and stares at me." Tony rolls his eyes fondly as Bucky chuckles. "Um ok, you can step right up to there. I need you to remove your prosthetic and your top." Bucky follows his instructions, setting his discarded items in a pile on the nearest table before stepping up to the marked area. "Try to be as still as possible, Jarvis will do a full body scan so we can get a feel for the best way to tie the new prosthetic into your current nervous system."
"Whatever you want."
"Even if it wasn't your fault?" She considers him with an unflinching gaze, and Steve for one wishes he had half the balls she had.
"I can come with you, if you want," Sam offers, walking next to him.
"What, why?" Nat says, sitting up at attention.
Well the skull does indeed lead them to the stone, or at least to a big ass cliff. "What you seek lays in front of you... as does what you fear." The skull declares to them, standing near the edge of the massive cliff.
(See the end of the chapter for
He grabs the first aid kit and flips it open with his good arm, pulling out a roll of gauze, perhaps the happiest he's ever been to see a roll of gauze.
Tony smiles slightly, an adorable blush on his cheeks. "Ok, thanks. Thank you. Right. Um, that's my car actually." He points to the car next to the one they had stopped in front of.
"Or stop doing dumb shit?"
He deflates softly. He knew what Steve looked like when he was lying, and conversely, this was how he looked telling the truth. Cheeks slightly flushed, eyes wide, a serious lilt to his posture. Tony glances down at the floor, taking a deep breath. "Nobody else needs to touch you like that. You, I trust. But not her."
Bucky looks at his feet. "I know. That's why I called you."
"Me too." With any luck, he would be seeing her soon enough. Steve walks towards the machine.
"Ms. Romanoff," Jarvis says, shaking her hand.
"I'm sorry boss, Captain Rogers used override code 177235."
Huh? Steve blinks down at the frosting he was working on, hardly hiding the shock on his face. "Did you say four PhDs?" He was pretty glad Tony couldn't see his face right now.
After nearly five minutes of silent waiting, Howard's car drives by, stops, and backs up. He rolls the window down, staring at him incredulously over the rims of his glasses. "Rogers?"
"Maria is pregnant right now, isn't she?"
Steve rolls his eyes. "I want to, dummy. I don't need a sugar daddy."
Steve shrugs again. "I guess... I should probably go find Peter... I'm not sure what he's up to."
"Strawberry creme. But I'm also partial to lemon poppy seed," Steve answers easily, grateful for a distraction from his twisted mind.
Then Howard and Mr. Jarvis burst in through the doors, a flurry of motion and energy. They're both laden with bags and bags of baby clothes or something. "Sweetheart, we're going to go unpack all this, do you want to lay down?" Howard asks, shifting all his bags to one hand and leaning over her shoulder to plant a kiss on her cheek and set a gentle hand on Tony. Steve didn't understand the difference between this man and Tony's stories about his dad. What happened?
"It's all good. He's a good kid." Steve lowers himself easily, pulling Tony into his arms.
He starts to cry. There's no shame in it, just a sort of acceptance. Steve knows very well that Natasha isn't going to judge him for it and that they're alone here. "That's why we're here traveling, isn't it. You just want to find a home." Hearing it put so plainly sends him into another wave of tears, a hollow emptiness curling in his chest. She wasn't wrong though. She wasn't wrong.
"Look Becca, I'm not sure it's such a good idea for you to talk to Bucky today. This is supposed to be his happy day and all," Steve says before Tony can retaliate.
"That's not the way to your room," Tony says, and Steve almost punches him for backing away from the question again.
Tony blows him a kiss. "Thank you Brucey." he pulls one of whatever is in that bowl out, and pops it in his mouth, moaning. "Stevie, I need you to get me this recipe."
Allrighty. Whewh. So um.. my original intent for this fic included Steve dying on Vormir, and Tony following suit at the Battle for the Universe. Obviously that didn’t happen, because apparently I don’t know how to write anything with an unhappy ending. So if you liked this, say thanks to my monkey brain lol. Comments and Kudos are always appreciated 😊
"Okay."
"I love you too. We should get matching arms." Steve breaths in deeply, apparently savoring Tony's presence as much as Tony was.
"Yes," Steve practically moans, knotting his red white and blue tie over his eyes, letting his hands settle on the backs of Tony's calves, which Tony knew had absolutely nothing to do with Steve being unsure where he was. He had phenomenal spatial awareness without his eyesight, due to his heightened hearing and other senses. It was more comforting than anything else.
"Can't it wait," Steve says automatically, then he sighs. "I know. What's up."
"In the files on the Winter Soldier, Nat found a video of.. it's... your parents car crash. It wasn't an accident. HYDRA... they... he..." Tony's eyes widen and his lips part gently. "It's not his fault Tony," Steve pleads, pulling Tony's hand towards his chest.
(See the end of the chapter for
He nods. "I'll increase efforts by 50%. We'll find you Steve."
God, it sure would be nice if it was one though.
"Welcome to the future, old man."
"Hm?"
Tony laughs again, a little happier this time, and really wasn't that the whole point? "I ask myself that every day. Although with those, I'm pretty sure you'd do more damage than me." Tony squeezes his biceps again, not even having to take his wyes off the road.
"That's right," Tony says with a cheeky smile, kicking off his shoes by the door before shutting it with an echoing click.
"One time I forgot that my dad asked me to hand in a proposal by 3, and well.. that motherfuckers gone now, but I haven't forgotten a deadline since." He clearly recalls the memory of his father with a bitterness that is hard to overcome, and they could talk about it another day. Right now, Steve was having him pull into the resident parking.
Steve pretends to consider. "Could I possibly see the Winter Soldier project in action?"
"I love you too."
he's out of the country right now though, how did you know that?
"To be fair, you were trained for this line of work. I was trained to sell bonds." Steve counters, unbuttoning his shirt and walking into the vacated closet.
"You going to join me in the showers любимый (darling)?" He nips back, walking next to her and correcting his limp with every step. He doesn't touch her because that would ruin her clothes, but she does clutch his arm with her already bloodied hand.
"Classified," She says, squeezing Steve's arm. He would be insulted if he hadn't been willing to straight up tell her. It was important that the plan went off without a hitch, and interference from SHIELD would be a really big fucking hitch.
"How kind of you," Steve says, like he isn't imagining a life together already.
"That is how it is. Also, how have you taken every right turn?" They were only a block away from Steve's apartment now, and he hadn't had to give a single instruction.
Sam bumps his hip against Steve's. "No texting on the job, lover-boy," he teases, carrying a tub of flour.
"Rude. Besides, I have my own personal chef boyfriend now, so suck my dick." He gestures to Steve, throwing a wink in at that last part.
"Damnit." Tony looks back down at Steve, and his limp body slamming into the rocks. A sob escapes his throat. "No.. please.." Tony squeezes his eyes shut letting the tears fall with reckless abandon. He looks up into the sky opening up above him, lighting up with electricity, power. "Please!" Tony screams, hysterically pleading with the sky. With a blinding flash, Tony feels his body go limp, endless nothing around his bodiless mind, before the universe returns to him.
"Oh." Steve looks down at Tony, almost a year old. "When?"
Steve rolls his eyes, pitting his phone back in his pocket. "If you're done, table 3 left," Sam says, not being having to look up from where he was sifting flour into a batter.
"We can make a plan," Tony repeats.
"Mm, which one did you say was Strawberry creme?" Tony says, looking down at the array of cakes.
"I'll see you on Friday," Tony confirms, clearly smiling. "Goodbye."
Tony looks back at him, a sappy smile on his face. "Well, I thought you'd never ask." He leans forward to press a quick kiss against Steve's lips, his head spinning in the best way. This was his life now. Not too shabby, all things considered. Much better than Tony being married if you asked him. When Steve looks back up, Sam and Bucky are in an embrace, and if Steve has to make a bet, it would be that there was a ring on Bucky's finger. "You're friends are cute," Tony comments, leaning his head against Steve's shoulder.
"I have kids, Wilson," Clint bites back, raising his eyebrow.
it was like I electrocuted him or something
"Um. No? Is she Russian?"
"Yeah. He's great. Really smart. He was an ass when we met, but... we both came around." Sort of. Then Steve left him alone and almost dead in the Siberian winter after lying to him for years about his parents deaths.
"Twice! It makes the whole story about rescuing the prisoners make more sense though. I can't imagine that kind of loss."
"That would be nice. Also, thanks for shutting me up." Steve moves his hands down the fitted seams to hold his hips gently.
Steve's eyes flutter back shut and he lets out a content sigh. "You look so good. Are you my surprise?"
"Yeah. I love you too."
Roaring wind races past his ears, then Tony feels pressure on his right arm his eyes snap open to see a red and gold gauntlet, then another snapping over his arms. Two boots, followed by the chest piece ant the helmet folding over his head. "No! Friday!"
Peter texted me. Did you give him my number?
Tony glares at him playfully. "Yes I do, and I don't appreciate that tone of voice mister."
"How long's this gonna take?" He hears Sam ask.
"No buts. Do you think Tony could've given me biological children? That's not why I loved him and it's not why I love you. Most importantly, it's not the only reason to fall in love, ok? I promise."
I wasn't done, and I didn't miss that.
"Even without using the mind stone, I'm good in a fight, even if I'm a hair winded, Rogers. I'm not staying out of this just because you say so."
Steve pulls him gently to the edge of the bench, and then down into Steve's lap where they were now seated on the gravel path. "We don't have to talk about it."
"Hey there, I came in last week about a wedding cake? I was wondering if I could stop by sometime after closing to do a cake testing. I'll be more then willing to compensate you for the extra time." The voice on the other side says and Steve feels his heart leap into his throat. He knew that voice.
Peter's shaky breath evens out slowly. Steve hardly knew him, but knew nonetheless that Peter was a hell of a kid. And that Tony was completely lost without him, as proven by today. "I don't know. I'll ask."
"And.. look out for Tony. He's really important to the future," she adds, taking a fry off Steve's plate.
Tony drapes himself backwards, getting the look in his eyes that Steve knows means he's gearing up to undo him completely. "I didn't say we had to publish it Captain," he says, low and breathy, and it goes right to Steve's dick.
The rational part of Tony's brain has already forgiven the transgression, but his sore heart was not so easily deterred by Steves sweet innocence. "I did not tell you to flirt with everyone in this room." Tony pokes a finger into his chest.
"Sorry I.. I took care of Rebecca." Tony looks down at his hands.
"Completely serious. Howard's trying to fish me out of the Arctic right now."
Yeah, Pepper looked great, but that's not who Steve wanted to make out with on the spot. Tony looks over at Steve as if he can read his mind (or maybe he just noticed the obvious staring (not that steve couldn't stare, they were dating)) and he smiles in a way that makes Steve's insides melt. "Platypus!" Tony says, looking back away from Steve, and that jackass knew exactly what he was doing. "May I say hi?" He says to Pepper, even with his arms wrapped tightly around Rhodey neck.
"No no you can't just—" Steve is cut off by a flurry of yellow smoke that envelops her. She's gone by the time it clears.
Other than that, it was.. good. It was nice, to have everyone gathered, and Steve's sure Tony would agree, no matter how much he isn't into his birthday.
As he grows nearer to the top, his thoughts turn to Nat, a bit guilty that he hadn't been thinking of her this whole time. She had never asked why he went to see Tony so often, only to return not an hour later. She had held him up when he cried, and he had returned the favor. With Clint gone, Thor loosing it, and Tony building a life, they had been all that was left of the original Avengers. All that was left to protect earth and guide it through the turmoil of the times.
"Don't ask me..." Steve says with a shrug. Either way, he knew that whatever Tony was playing at, he was going to get his way.
The gleaming black motorbike waits for him, the same as he had last left it. He mounts it, his hands wrapping tightly around the handles. Before he can think, he's racing down the road, wind whipping through his hair as he flies towards Pepper's cabin. It was a route he knew well—he had driven there often over the past five years. He just never worked up the courage to finish the drive down the driveway. The last step was a canyon, one he had jumped too late.
Steve sets down his phone, looking up at Leo, who was standing behind the counter and banging on a bread machine. "I tried that!"
"Sure no problem," Tony says with a shrug. With Bucky leaning down, Steve has a clearer view of Tony's sparkling eyes and blowing hair. He's willing to bet that it would take to curls like nobodies business given the chance.
"That's two times you saved me now," Tony says, tightening his grip on Steve's loose clothes.
Tony collapses backwards again into the mass of pillows, looking up at Steve with sweet joy all over his face. "Steveee."
"Grand, sweetie," Tony responds with a sappy smile. "We can just go fifteen. It was a really fucking good cake."
"Get away from me, Stark," she growls, and to Howard's credit, he does.
"How did you survive."
She bites her lip, swiveling in her chair to face him. "I want to try to find my dad. My family. I have a name, that's it. Ivan Romanoff—"
They do a late lunch at this Greek food truck, that Tony is obsessed with, and he knows that it was the right choice when Steve's eyes light up at the first bite. Again, Tony feels a camera on them, but he has food, and he has Steve. What more could a man ask for?
Steve shakes his head, like that idea distresses him more than anything else. Truth be told, whatever he had to say probably wasn't something he would actually want to tell Tony in his right mind, but there is something to be said for the quantities of adrenaline and endorphins that would be running through his blood right now. Steve produced more than most because it was the only thing like painkillers his body could respond to. Not that Tony could stop even a fucked up Steve from doing whatever the hell he wanted. "I have... a crush on... you. Tony."
What the hell was Sam getting at? "Well, he's got Becca, but she.. well you know what she did." At her own wedding, a few years after the car crash that took Ms. and Mr. Barnes, she had thrown a tantrum about Bucky's choice in a date to the event, who happened to be Sam. She wanted him to bring a girl, maybe even someone from their hometown or one of her friends. At the time, Sam and Bucky had only been going out for a few months, so when she pulled that crap, Bucky had a pretty severe panic attack. He didn't end up attending the actual wedding due to the fact that she had freaked out on him the day before. Steve still went, if only to make it clear to her that she had been a bitch and that Sam was a great guy. He had been invited too because they had all hung out a little when they were teens, which meant he got a front row view of her screaming about how she didn't care if her brother was a queer, but she didn't want him making her look bad at her wedding. Steve was pretty sure they hadn't spoken since, which would make him the closest thing Bucky has to family. "So yeah, me I guess. Why?" He says, pulling the final chair down.
Soothingly, Steve pats his back, trying to decipher exactly what that meant. "Have you called?"
"That's none of your business, Vanya." Nat teases, collapsing onto the large bed. "I'm just an expert."
At any rate, he was solidly alone here, and moderately bored. He knew he could ask JARVIS about whatever he wanted, but talking to the ceiling robot still felt strange. Even if it was for a movie or book recommendation. Steve leans over the coffee machine, setting it up to brew some hot water instead. This was perhaps the best part about the future. The food. There was nothing nicer than a quick meal or drink, especially if you asked Steve's metabolism.
"Exactly.  Now that we have a basic framework, how about we start thinking about what you want it to do. I've been doing some pretty amazing work with Dr. Helen Cho and Dr. Bruce Banner recently, and I believe I could make you a fully functional arm, with pressure detection, heat detection, the whole spiel." Tony displays some of their collaborative work behind him, knowing very well that it was going to go right over his head. It was to much for anyone to understand really, without like, at least three PhDs.
Tony stiffens and finally pulls away from around Tony to glare at his son. "You don't have to remind me." He sniffles and wipes a fake tear away, squeezing his arm around Steve's waist.
"I know." Steve rubs his back slowly. He did. Tony was the most stubborn man he knew, with or without all his pretty gadgets. "I love you."
"Very well, Stark." He turns away and sweeps back the way they came, settling to stay back next to a large boulder, turning to stare at them from the distance.
In the end, it didn't matter, because his whole life led him to right here. One mission to expel the six most dangerous objects in the universe from his own reality and save four others. Two dead friends. Ten chances to begin again.
"I hope we get it back and something like a normal version of the planet is restored if there ever was such a thing." It was. It was, you did it, Steve wishes he could say. It is back, we got it all back, but it wasn't worth it. Wasn't it though? One man and one woman for half the universe? Wasn't that a fair trade?
"We can't," Nat says quickly, butting in before Steve can say... well, whatever he had been going to say. "We're going undercover in a few days."
"Well, now I'm more concerned about him touching your butt," Steve taunts, squeezing at Tony's ass.
I will be, he squeezes back
"You most certainly did not. The only thing I'm allergic to, really?"
"He forgot the only thing you're allergic to."
"If you want," Tony says, sliding closer and into a barstool.
"Good girl," Tony says pointing at her. She preens under the praise. Good. He liked to make kids feel good about themselves. "Alright, who wants to take the fast track home with me? Rhetorical question, just get on the jet."
Peter lets out a heavy sigh, his hand falling away from his eyes. He wrings his two hands together. "Um.. I guess I'm not exactly sure how to explain. I.. ok, I want you both to um.. promise that you won't freak out." He bites at his lip, his eyes flickering between Steve and Tony.
"James," Steve says sternly, glaring at him.
Steve waves too, adjusting the straps of the shield Howard had made for him to take out of some new Vibranium he had bought from a maybe not so legal source. "Bye Tony."
"No. But I most certainly should."
"Yes." Steve grips his fingers tightly into Tony's hips, sure to wrinkle his suit. "Now let me be good."
"Sounds perfect. Now gimme some wine," Tony says, making grabby hands. Steve smiles as he pours out two glasses, sliding one over to Tony who takes it happily, sipping it as if it was from the cask of amontillado. He looked like a wine critic, like next he was going to demand some water to cleanse his pallet. "It's rude to stare," stays, peeking at him, setting the glass back down on the counter with a clink.
"Yeah, that's yours."
Steve takes a moment to pull himself back together, then brings his hands up to Tony's face. "Is this about your dad? We can cancel if you really want."
The part of Tony's mind that wasn't completely involved in the scene thought back to the designs of engagement rings he was drafting. Even like this, it made him all warm to hear Steve say that. The rest of him responds as he knew Steve wanted. "Then you'll get it." He pulls out his heavy cock, moist already with precome, both eyes on Steve, who's mouth had fallen wide open, a deeply pleased look on his face. Tony swiped at the head of his cock, moisture pooling on his thumb, which he promptly sets on Steve's tongue, pushing it down to the bottom of his mouth and holding his jaw wide open.
She looks up at him. "Oh, Steve! It's so good to see you. Can you please tell him to let me speak to my brother?" She jerks her thumb towards Pietro who was standing in front of the door, his fists clenched.
Bucky shrugs. "I kissed him. It's my fault."
Bruce and Nat were the best cooks, Steve assumed from the way that both spent so much time in remote places hiding from people. Clint loved ordering takeout so much that it seemed like more than him  not wanting to cook. Steve liked trying new things, but he wasn't as good as the others. Thor insisted on preparing exotic alien dishes with the closest earth substitutes. They often were strange, but pretty good. Tony rarely joined them for a meal, but as far as Steve could tell, he was still eating just fine, so he saw no reason to intervene. When he did cook for the team, he made big pasta dishes from his moms cookbook, or Eastern European dishes from his nanny. Nat liked helping with those.
He sees the flaws in his logic as if Tony were there to point them all out himself.
Still, there was a pressing need for a sudden speeding up of the time tables, so drastic measures were going to have to be taken. A month. If Howard could hold out a month, Nat would go back with or without Bucky and leave Steve there. It wasn't ideal, but only Steve could bring Bucky back.
"Yeah." Steve gives Natasha a telling look and a small shrug. Her eyes conveyed a similar message: the sooner Howard was out of their hair, the sooner they could start.
Steve hesitates before responding, taking a step away from Bucky. "And where are you going?"
What was he even going to say? It was going to have to be good, and he was going to have to figure it out quick because he was still moving towards Tony and Tony was still watching him with that heavy gaze. Yeah, this was going to go either really well, or really poorly, but damnit, he was going to try. He genuinely liked Tony, and then there was the bonus that he was gorgeous and also really smart and apparently obscenely rich.
"Not all your dates get you to drive them to find their best friend in the middle of a panic attack and in need of help with an engagement?" Steve jokes, knocking his hip against Tonys.
Tony wrinkles his nose at that, furrowing his eyebrows at Steve. "Call me Tony, please. And what's your name? I can't keep thinking of you as that hunky blond."
"Wait, we're getting the cake?" Peter says, his face lighting up.
"Wait... he's your..." that didn't make sense, not really. Steve knew Tony had a kid, but it didn't seem like him to purposely omit information about a second biological child, especially if Steve knew him already. Not to mention that Victor had called him Uncle Tony. Maybe that was... something. Steve couldn't say he understood exactly.
Well.. the gift was already wrapped, so there wasn't really any harm in that. And clearly Tony needed some supervision right about now. "Okay baby. Come on." Steve pulls him up off the couch, the blanket coming too, slung around his shoulders. "It's gonna be alright.
"He's right here," Tony interjects, gesturing to himself. "And hot, if you wanna gossip some more." He winks at Steve, walking past to set the newly revealed fried something onto the counter, taking another one and biting into it.
love you
Definitely fuck.
Steve's head falls against Tony's shoulder as he groans through a grin. "You're ridiculous."
That's how he knows Tony's going to be perfectly alright. Once he's making butt jokes, it's all uphill from there. "I love you so much." Steve confesses once more, tightening his grip on Tony. Steve has a feeling that this wouldn't be the last they heard from Becca, but at least now they were a little more prepared in battling her brand of homophobia, and hopefully helping her son. Jack was a good kid, and Steve would hate to see her ruin him.
"Thank you Tony," Steve says softly, slowly wrapping his arms around the billionaire.
"Nice party trick, how about you step into the light," Tony shouts back over the wind, not lowering his repulser at all.
"What are
To Howard's credit he only looks mildly fazed. "Taser gun. So.. you're really Steve?" Steve nods. "Then how are you here?"
After the longest three hours ever, the door opens back up to reveal Tony, tucked under his jacket, holding it around his body like it was a blanket. "Hey," he says quietly. Steve sets his book aside, sliding over in his bed. Tony apparently is happy to take the silent invitation, based on how he instantly walks towards Steve's bed, sliding under the thin covers next to him. He tucks himself readily under Steve's arm, careful to go slow and not mess with his sore muscles. "I'm sorry. For what I said."
"Was that too much? Did I hurt you?" Tony wipes gently at the drool drying on his face and neck.
Why hello there. I’ve been writing this work and a spin off of this work for almost a year now, and I’m really excited to begin posting it. I hope you all will enjoy this while you’re locked in quarantine (or not, hello future readers). This is hopefully the first of many works I will be posting that take place in the universes that Steve impacts on his travels in this work, so I also implore you to look at those once I begin publishing them. I will most likely be posting every Friday, so stay tuned for more!
"I need you to return the stones and the hammer. Hank Pym and I are already working on the machine and the particles." He sets a hand on Steve's shoulder, dwarfing him easily. "We should be ready in three days.. maybe four."
"Yeah me too," Steve jokes.
"Steve?" Nat asks one night while lounging in a chair in front of a computer she hasn't touched in at least twenty minutes.
Steve looks between her and the footage rolling across the screen of her tablet, of Howard calling out to Sargent Barnes, and Maria's final moments. "Ok." He looks down at his lap. This wasn't going to be pretty. "Thanks. I'll... yeah. He'll... do you think he'll understand?"
Tony's fingers close around the bullet dressing, and he looks up slowly at Steve. "You're gonna be fine Steve. Tell me later." If Steve was trying to
"Oh my god," Steve laughs, setting a hand on his stomach.
From within the front room, he hears a "babababa," which means that Tony is awake. Steve suspected threats Howard and Maria liked to put him to bed in the front room because it was near where Steve spent most of his time, the library, and they wanted someone who would be able to reliably get to him if he started crying. In such a big house, Steve suspected it would be easy to not hear a baby wake up for someone without super human hearing. He sighs and gets up off the floor, walking into the front room and over to the crib.
Boo yah! After a bit of being awkward (of course), The star Spangled man executed his plan to get a boyfriend. Also Tony gets his ass chewed out by 1 (rightfully) angry Pepper Potts.
"Becca's here," she says quietly.
Steve tries not to let the palpable disappointment show on his face when he regains enough composure to respond. "Yes of course. We can also do cupcakes, if you'd rather, a lot of couples are going with that option nowadays.." he says, all the feverish excitement gone from his voice.
"How about matching wedding bands." It's asked casually, so Tony blames both Steve and his foggy mind fog the fact that he didn't understand the question right away.
"Sore muscles," he offers as a lame excuse, but she takes it, even though he knows she knows that his muscles wouldn't get sore. She was kind in her own way.
"You don't have any concept of money," Steve protests.
"You're not wrong. But we've made it work so far. Obviously we would have to wait. A while. Bucky's still... well, you know better than me. But if the opportunity ever presented itself..."
"Yay," Steve laughs, leaning back just a little, a smile on his face, wider than Tony had ever seen it before. "What do you say we go home?"
"Great, let's go see it and we can be on our merry way," Tony says, feeling Steve physically tens up next to him as the figure chuckles again and says something in German.
"I'd like to know if you'll be coming to the party tonight, Peter," Steve says, keeping Tony's eye contact. He was close enough that Steve didn't need to have it on speaker.
They were good for each other, in a way that Steve hadn't really expected. They had clashed a bit at first, but now it was as if there had never been another alternative. It was sweet, how good together they were.
Hey, sorry, I've gotta run.
Steve doesn't end up in work again until Monday with Wanda, who apparently wants to go to a wedding with Victor on Sunday, and then he's at work all day with Bucky on Tuesday, who is entirely content to chat up customers and Steve alike all day.
Becca blinks at the sudden change in pace. "I'm married," she says, clearly getting over her shock easily.
Tony leads him to the left gently, down a row of cars. "Thanks. My cars just right up here." He adjusts his hand in Steve's and once again Steve feels sparks shoot up his arm.
The important thing to focus on was that he was going to see Bucky tomorrow and they would be able to start planning an extraction, not the terrible things he's had to do to get here.
"Steve I—" she sighs and uses her other hand to wipe under his eyes. "When Clint found me, I was 28. It turned my world upside down. I had to go through years of interrogation and careful observation before anyone there trusted me. By the time it was done, I felt so alienated from the Americans, but I knew I could never go back to the Russians with how much I had given up. I was stranded between two worlds. I took a few months off, disappeared into the American west." her words pause as she reminisces, and her eyes glow orange. For the first time, it doesn't feel malevolent, just as if it's there. "I didn't find what I was looking for until I came back and found Clint with his arms folded, glaring at me. Come on, he said, we have work to do. So I got to work and I never stopped.
"Thank you." His voice is shaky, but he raises his chin to meet her eyes. "I'm sorry."
"You need to breathe Tony. I need you to breathe for me." Steve walks towards one of the chairs, sitting Tony down in it and kneeling down in front of him. "Tony, focus on me." Tony looks up at him, his hands shaking in his lap. "Four count ok. 1..2..3..4.." on and on they go until the clouds have retreated from his eyes. Finally, Tony stops shaking, and Steve feels like he could cry now too.
Steve suppresses a laugh at Jarvis's subtle quip at Howard. "You too. This is Natasha Romanoff."
"And you said to be nice. I'm being plenty nice."
It's then that Tony comes down, looking, perhaps better than Steve had ever seen him, in a black tee shirt and black jacket combo with oil stained jeans on bottom. Really though, didn't Steve think that every time he saw Tony? "Thanks.." he says to Rhodey, snapping out of his trance only to go set the box next to Steve's own gift.
"For him, as long as he needs; for us, five seconds." He liked that notion, it would be as long as he needed. He could stay as long as he needed. He turns and hefts the hammer up into his hands, evening the weight out. "Ready Cap?" Steve nods. "Alright, we'll meet you back here, ok?"
Hehe they’re so cute when they flirt like that...
Tony opens the back, letting it hover near the bridge. "We can't set down so you can just jump in here!" He shouts back at Peter. Seconds later, Peter jumps for it, with the girl who Tony could now recognize as MJ from the academic decathlon team, clutched to his side. He was bleeding more than Tony liked, but somebody had to fly the jet. "Hey kiddo. Hi MJ"
"Good question. I picked them up because I saw them."
"Good luck. No, my proposition is to the Captain."
Yay, everybody survived! Unfortunately, somebody is still going to snap. Endgame is far from over and there is no certainty  that both of them will make it out alive. Stay tuned for more. Next chapter will be up before the end of the week.
"Sorry about zapping you."
"Sounds good to me," she says, taking another quiche before they walk over to Gideon and the blonde woman. "Gideon?" Natasha says, and they both turn towards Natasha and Steve. "My boyfriend and I wanted to congratulate you on your new position as CEO." Natasha leans in, setting a hand on his arm, her lips moving in what Steve knew would be a whispered "Hail HYDRA." She doesn't look at the blonde woman, but Steve does, and what he sees is enough to send his mind spiraling out of control. That was a face he recognized, one that had instructed him to get his shit together. That was Pepper Potts, smiling at Steve and holding a glass carefully between gloved fingers.
So he forces a press smile onto his face, walking confidently up through the doors and into the large banquet hall. He lets his chest deflate once they are inside, seeing Howard already in conversation with someone or another. Surely someone richer then Steve would ever be.
"That is very kind of you. Will we be seeing you for dinner?"
"Great actually. I had a dream that I had super speed. Guess that would come in handy, 'cause then I coulda grabbed the boxes."
"50%" he responds, visibly relaxing, his hand falling back down to hold onto Steve's. "Come in."
"Can we not watch this," Tony grumbles, glaring at the TV. "What about Hot Tub Time Machine?"
"Hi At," he says, grinning.
It's nicely made, with less creamer then Pietro would've put in it if it were for himself, but more then Steve usually preferred. "Hey so Crystal was going to take me to meet her mom next weekend. Can I take a few days off?"
"Yeah. That's right, I got you." Tony tugs at the bottom of the cowl, lifting it off his face and flicking his wrist to retract his armor again before petting at his hair soothingly. "You're fine."
"Didn't you tell him you're off the market?"
Steve nods, then walks over to Tony, plastering himself against Tony's back. "Now what were your plans lover boy?"
"Oh." Steve says.
"You'll never get the stones." They launch into what feels like never ending combat. Given the complete equality of their matching, Steve found it quite difficult to get any sort of upper hand. Gold wraps around his heart and the Skull's face is charred with lightning. Physically they were matched, powerfully they were matched. Steve found himself desperate to prevail, hurling himself into risky moves that would be ill advised in the situation at hand, but he can't help it. In his hands, there is the resting weight of two handles he can't let go of. One he is trying to protect, the other he is using to protect it. Both... he feels both pulsing with a near violent ferocity. He spares a glance down to see the case glowing a vibrant orange light. The next moment his breath is knocked from his chest as he is thrown up into the air, over a mound of rocks, and to the unforgiving rocks below. When his body lands, both of his hands are empty, and many of his bones are broken—maybe even shattered. He groans, stretching his hand out to feel the crackling electricity of the hammer answering his summon, a now familiar weight by his side. He inhales shakily, kneeling up and crawling to the case. It's dented, and one of the clasps is undone, but still in one piece. A pair of boots lands between his fingers and the handle only seconds before he can grab it. No. "A valiant attempt, Captain but—"
"Pepper. Thank you. For everything."
As soon as it's shut, Nat begins yanking armor off, piles of flexible metal and weapons appearing at her feet until she's left in her under suit. "I'm going to bed. I don't think my body has ever been this tired."
They talk about the weather and how Bruce only recognizes one of the teenagers—a Stark Industries intern. Then Bruce goes to talk to Clint and Steve finds himself face to face with Pepper. She's holding a glass of champagne with a lipstick stain circling it. "Steve."
Alright we’re back! This can be read as a standalone, but it references back to the first series a couple times, so you’ve been warned.
"Yeah, dumbass, I love you too! Why cant you just let me sacrifice myself this once!" He tries to push Steve away again, but his grip is to tight.
"Ok." He hugs her neck tightly, pouting. "Love you," he says.
"Sounds perfect." Steve can imagine the dazzling smile on the other side of the phone. "I'll see you then."
She tucks a strand of hair behind her ear. "It's ok I'm just.. startled is all." She stands up. "We should be going though."
Tony shrugs, an easy look on his face. "I'm an engineer at heart, but I run the largest tech company on the globe. We make weapons, but I'm trying to get away from that right now. We also do sustainable energy and well.. prosthetics, if you don't mind the offer." He gestures subtly to Bucky's shoulder
Hey, you don't have a kid, do you?
Wanda laughs. "You didn't know? Allow me to be the first then," she gesture to where Tony is taking a mic from the table. "That's Tony Stark, sole heir to the largest tech company ever, built by Howard Stark. The Manhattan Project? Stark Tower? Ark Reactor technology? The whole family is full of geniuses."
Tony laughs like the stars twinkling. "Any time angel. The cake is nice by the way."
"And I'll pay you for a thousand cakes," he says in an equally sappy tone. "Seriously though, how much do you want. Ten, fifteen?"
She clicks her pen, smiling down at him. "And will that be all for you today, sir?"
"You're kidding. Of course I'm coming with, you promised me a drink after this." Tony scoots towards the edge of the booth, taking his card back from the waiter. "Thanks," he says, standing up.
He listens quietly, practically ready to start praying. Maybe he should pray. Wind was roaring in his ears, though, and he doubted he would be able to hear Steve anyways.
Tony blinks, then smiles. "Ask me again later. Properly, next time cap."
"Poor you," Steve says, consoling him with a gentle pat on the back.
Steve holds his hands up. "Woah woah woah, I can't ask you for that."
"I'm sure Howard has told you, time travel can be a funny thing." Steve knows he should be looking at her while he speaks, but he can't take his eyes off Tony. He's only 5 pounds and swaddled in a blanket far larger then himself. He's tiny. And yet, Tony was going to grow up to be one of the smartest people on the planet. It's just one of those things that Steve knows. He thinks that even if he didn't, he would be able to tell that Tony was something else entirely.
That's not why. It's because nobody messes with my family.
Before Sam can respond to that in a way that would probably be not so productive in not causing a scene, Tony jumps in, an easy smile on his face that Steve could see right through. "Becca, why don't you and I step outside for a moment. I'd like to talk to you a bit in private."
"You haven't heard my but yet," he says gently, pulling a hair back. "I can't forgive him. Not yet. I know it's not his fault, but I can't. And I'm not ready to help you look for him. I understand that you have to, but I just... I can't."
Honestly, he should probably worry about fixing the suit, and his emergency tracker, but that seemed like a very good job for tomorrow. After all, the sun was already dipping below the horizon, and he still needed to eat something.
"Now where's the fun in that." Steve kisses him gently, following Tony's movements when he stands.
"Uh, sure," Steve answers, rubbing the sleep from his eyes.
Steve hears the sound of racing engines nearing the tower, similar and comfortable in a way that almost surprised him. He looks out the window, unsurprised to see Tony's armor disassembling around him. "Cap!" Tony says, a funny look on his face.
"God, what a world.. universe now." Thor sniffles, rubbing at his nose, the only sound breaking the all consuming of Tony's voice.
Tony clicks his tongue on the roof of his mouth. "I'm a genius, remember. You sent your address once, you'll never have to send it again."
"So you obviously got this custom made." Tony says, with a big smile.
Steve stands too, fidgeting with his hands. It had been a while since Bucky had had a bad panic attack, so Steve didn't really know what to expect. "Thank you Tony. Let's go," he says quickly, knowing that time was of the essence here.
"I'll make you a thousand cakes," Steve says, pressing their foreheads together.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Shot me in '09."
"Every night before I go to bed." His voice drops in an equally not subtle way, a pretty grin on his face. "In fact I'm a little sleepy even now."
Tony raises his lips in an uncaring expression. "Doesn't matter if it's true or not. But the night is still young, so we'll just have to wait, huh?"
"Aww, that's cute," she coos, patting his cheek. "Come on, I wanna drink some of his expensive liquor if we're going to continue this fun story time."
Tony punches his arm. "I had them close it and covered the afternoon of profits. You need to have fun."
Thor smiles up at him when he walks in, looking for all the world like a teddy bear instead of a god king. "Greetings, Steve. Are you feeling better?"
If he tries anything with the press, I'll have his ass reeling with legal proceedings.
"No way." Flash says gawking.
The restaurant was really nice too on the inside. It was covered in these string lights hanging from the ceiling that cast a warm even glow around. Tony looked angelic with his chocolate brown curls basked in gold and a smile crinkling the corners of his eyes. They talk and talk and talk for what feels like hours, trading easy laughs and stories and lives. It was almost easy, to get lost in the conversation. Tony just talked and talked when he really got going. He explained his most recent project in words Steve had no real hope of understanding, but the way he lit up talking about it, Steve didn't really feel the need to understand. Steve shares things he hasn't spoken aloud in years. His friends were right, he was usually a pretty secretive person, but sitting here, he couldn't help but talk and talk and talk. The conversation was so easy it was almost scary. Steve was trying desperately to not over share too much, but Tony was oversharing too and it was okay. It was all okay.
"You presume correctly."
"Can't... Steve," he pleas, burying his face in Steve's neck.
"He was brainwashed! You saw... he pulled me out of the river!"
"Nonsense, you just need to let me help you," she declares, not for the first time.
Wow Tony has a tik tok 🤠 nerd! It’s okay though, Steve still wants to make out with him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony pulls into a spot and snaps his fingers before going for the keys. "Exactly! People like Bucky." Steve smiles, stepping out of the car. Tony follows after a moment later, linking arms with him. "I'm going to be honest, this was the most exciting date I've had in a long time," he concedes as if it's a scandalous secret.
Oh well, there were worse people out there.
Well, surely Steve hadn't been the only one to have to leave behind a sleeping partner this morning, given the question Sam had asked him. A wedding. An engagement. It would be perfect. Steve was almost positive that Nat and Clint would force the happy couple to hand over the planning, and if anyone could plan a party it was those two. They were both hard asses, but they were hard asses that loved their friends to death.
She smiles. "That's good. Can you tell him I said hi?"
"Oh I didn't know you were.. um.. gay.." she presses her lips together then the bright cheery smile returns to her face.
"Gee thanks," Sam says. "Yeah, of course, have fun."
He could see himself getting used to this. And lots of cake in their future. Towering monsters, or one layer simple cakes, coffee cakes and pound cakes and lemon cakes and cupcakes. Yeah, he'll bake Tony as many goddamn cakes as he wants.
They wake up tangled together the next morning with golden light coming through the window in Steve's room, and to be frank, Steve couldn't possibly be happier that he wasn't scheduled today until 3.
He was always too late. Too late to save Bucky. Too late to love Peggy. Too late to fix him and Tony. He spent his whole life dwelling on the past and missing what he could do if he took the last step.
Tony looks up in surprise, only an inch from Steve's face. "I.. um.. yes. He might.. yes. Please."
A small smile creeps onto Steve's face. "Exactly right. And at the wedding, you played some rock music too."
"Yeah. She's driving separate."
Ttyl?
"I'll be good for you."
Well, Wanda said as much.
"Promise," Tony says devilishly.
Tony makes a little noise of confirmation, clearly not minding that Steve's back was turned even if they were going to have a conversation, "I went to MIT and got four PhDs. Lived in Malibu most of my life though."
Bucky laughs, his eyes crinkling at the corners. "I forgot about that." Tony laughs too and Steve can't help but smile. "But he's an ass too," he adds with a smirk, "when we met, I actually punched him. Like.. hard. It was the first time I'd felt.. well, much of anything since returning from the war." His voice takes on a quiet lilt, like he was longing for those years of his life back. "Mind you, he definitely deserved it. He wouldn't scoot his chair over at the table we were seated around for a vets group. Well, the moderator made me apologize, and he told me he admired me for being able to bruise his jaw with only one arm, so it all turned out fine."
"Loki! How did you escape your cell!" Thor booms from behind them and Steve lets out a sigh.
"It's alright. I'm just.. glad you did." The longer he looked at her, the more he could tell that she had been crying, just not sense applying her makeup. The look on her face was the same one he had seen that morning in the mirror.
Fucking wrong. They make it as far as Germany before running into the unfortunate blockade known infamously as the iron curtain. They try to get past, citing their Russian personalities and affiliations with the KGB. Then they get thrown in prison. Try having a ridiculously high metabolism in a fucking soviet prison. Then try your best friend having the same thing. By day 3, Steve is running a fever for the first time since 1943. Nat was still a little mad at him, but not so mad that she wasn't sitting next to him every moment of the day, holding his hand and feeding him the few rations they got. Bucky wasn't in as bad of a shape, thank god, but even he was bed ridden with a headache. On day 6, Steve starts vomiting. Yes, you're right, that is very counterproductive for a man who's sick because he lacks nutrients.
"Natasha Romanoff. You wouldn't know her."
"You never forget that your daddy was a good man, Morgan, that he was a hero. That he loved you." She falls silent, relaxing into his arms.
"At least... stay with Jane. Protect her, if the need arises, but stay with her," Steve pleads.
He's going to be a great big brother.
"And what a shame that is, but I can. Come on cap." She tugs on his arm as she walks past, heading presumably towards where the kitchen might be. He follows diligently, with only a slight exasperation in his step. He was so happy to have her back that he probably would let her lead him right into a burning forest. Liquor was probably a safer bet then that, so he'd take it.
Steve can't help but let out a laugh. "Clearly my 40's sensibility's coulda handled it." She pops both opens and pours one into the other. He watches her doing this, a confused silence falling over his face. "What.."
Tony sticks his tongue out at Steve. "You're bullying me. Come on, you have to do embarrassing things."
Steve clears his throat. "Um.. well I'm guessing the zebra wasn't real. And probably not Natasha killing the zebra either.." Tony laughs gently, experimentally moving his stiff arm up to his chest. "And obviously the plane crash happened. And so did the.. the tree." He swallows something slowly. Yeah, on a day like this, Tony really hadn't been expecting a stroke of luck to wipe his mind. But.. a guy could hope. "I mean the.. um.. the boba." What a safe way to phrase that little conversation.
"Do you want to try and do something about the red room, while we're here?" He drops his shirt, pulling on a loose cotton one, waiting for a response. She is silent for a long time—long enough for him to get rid of his pants and trade them for softer fleece ones and begin hanging the suit up.
"Tony, thank god," Happy says, slumping and walking towards him. "No more dying for you. I can't handle the stress."
Something creaks, and then a faint voice calls back to him; "Tony."
no, Peters got it under control
"I gathered as much," Tony says. "I'm happy to help you go get your friend. Is he okay?"
"Hi Sam. It's nice to meet you," Tony says with a good natured smile, clearly finding this somewhat painful.
"So where do you two come from?" He asks, giving Steve an oily once over.
"Make a sex tape." Tony finishes, a satisfied grin on his face. "Great idea."
Turns out that Pietro had knocked over three boxes of cereal that were now scattered across the kitchen floor, Pietro next to them holding a newly fetched broom. "You can go back to bed, I've got this handled."
"I actually
"You're a good man, Sam, this one is on me though." Sam nods and falls back as he walks up to Bucky, a sad smile on his face. Bucky looks up to meet his eyes, practically glaring. "Don't do anything stupid until I get back."
"Thanks," he says earnestly, not missing the pitying look Scott gives him before he turns away, walking out towards the garage. He appreciates it, really. But his mind was made up. He needed to leave. Maybe if he left—maybe he could move on. Move on from all his mistakes. It was a fool's errand, but he had to go. If he could, if there was even half a chance, he had to take it. He couldn't live his life with all this regret. It was too much for one man, no matter how strong he was. Nat had been his support system for five years, and he had just gotten Tony back.
"Language, Captain Rogers. I must say, I did not expect to meet again," the red skull says, with an almost happy look on his deformed face.
The pain is blinding, just looking at the damage to his arm, but he was nothing if not stubborn as fuck. This was not how Tony Stark was going to go out. He moves up to sit on his knees, assessing the damage to its full extent first. From what he could glean from the carnage, the belt had gotten so tight it had created a weak point in the armor, and when they hit the ground, his body had jerked in just the wrong way that it split the armor and his arm clean in half. Well, not clean. Clean wasn't a luxury.
"Get hers too." He rises up to his feet, steadier now that he's been awake for a while.
"Your dad made the company?" Steve asks, handing over his scan card.
It didn't hurt anyone to imagine it though. Imagination never hurt anybody.
Bucky blinks. "Huh."
doing?" Tony challenges right back.
"You want a cake though?" Steve says with a teasing smile in an attempt to bring the mood back up.
Steve makes a sweet noise of confirmation. "Like a date."
"I love you too Tony." He holds Tony's arm, then pulls it back to kiss his hand. "Can you... um." He gestures down, and Tony snaps his fingers.
"Tony I.." Steve trails off, looking down the cliff with a pained look on his face.
Steve had stumbled into the lab, his whole body shaking with the tremors. Tony had taken him up to his floor, and made him up a big meal, claiming his childhood nanny had taught him to cook before she died. The following day, without having even been asked, Tony had completely stocked the common floor with all their favorite foods, probably using Jarvis to see what they all liked.
"I never apologized." His voice cracks, and the tears break the dam, running down his cheeks openly.
"You should be less gross. Also, I'm an adult now." Peter folds his arms with a smirk on his face.
Tony laughs. "I'm going, I'm going." His hand brushes Steve's butt as he walks away and Steve has to stop himself from smiling. Tony was a force to be reckoned with, but Steve didn't mind dancing with fire when the fire was funny and nice. Steve goes back to the cake, moving it into its cleared out spot in the fridge. By the time he shuts the door, Tony is back, leaning against the wall wearing one of Steve's shirts and a pair of grey sweatpants. "How's this?"
"Right." He closes the stones back into their case. "I'll show you up to the the guest rooms, I guess."
"You're right, but I always overestimate." Tony says, rolling his eyes.
"My parents were poor Irish immigrants. Looks like we're both second generation."
Steve winces imperceptibly. His last name was reserved for only the most dire of circumstances. "Sam, where are you."
"Nice meeting you, Adam." Steve says, nodding respectfully. Once he's gone, Steve slides to the newly vacated bench, fiddling with his hands. Nat slips the all-important napkin into her purse, leaning across the table with her head on one hand. "Ivan, моя любовь (my love), how are you doing." She takes his hand, subtly tapping out a message on his palm in Morse code.
"Yes, let's," Maria says, shifting on her feet.
Remarkably, she doesn't get winded until well into the seventh mile, at which point they slow to a walk. She grabs his hand, squeezing.
Then Peter lands "Mr. Stark," he gasps. Rhodey smiles and steps back as Peter falls forward towards him. "Hey. Mr. Stark can you hear me? It's Peter."
He wasn't dead.
Tony crosses his arms. "It's not that. It's... I don't think Peter is going to come."
"Haha. You're very funny," Victor says nudging her hip.
Tony turns on his blinker, slowing to pull into a spot. "I'm gonna need that back darling," Tony says, smiling  at Steve as he takes his hand back to pull the car around into the spot. Steve steps out of the car, staring at the small mostly nondescript brick building. It was off the beaten path, and he can't help but wonder how Tony found a little place like this. "I know it doesn't look like much." Tony steps up next to him, his soft brown hair blowing in a subtle breeze that hadn't been present when they left Steve's place.
"If you like Bucky, and Bucky likes you." Tony opens his mouth, and Steve puts a hand over it to silence him. "And I like Bucky, and Bucky probably still likes me, and you like me and I like you..."
He didn't know quite what to make of the exchange, but he knew that Bucky and Tony would be great friends. Bucky had always been into science, more than the regular amount. He had spent hours pouring over crap Steve had no hope of understanding when they were kids. It was fitting that he would become friends with a literal genius. Steve wouldn't put anything past the two of them together.
"They'd have a field day with you. If you were Italian, I'm almost sure my mother would have you sniffed out as the perfect husband by now. She's uncanny."
"Sure yeah," Sam says waving him off, focusing on Bucky before Steve was even gone. Not that that was really going to be a private conversation, they were still surrounded by their friends and family.
Victor presses his hands together. "I made burgers!"
Steve laughs, a faint blush creeping onto his cheeks. "I wouldn't say that so soon. I haven't given you cat litter for our two month anniversary yet." They step into the elevator, side by side and Steve hits the button.
"Hypocrites," Tony mutters, rolling his pretty brown eyes.
Tony obliges, unable to come up with a reason not to move. He collapses into the largest couch, leaning his head against the arm rest. The lights dim as Peter walks over with a bowl of freshly popped corn, the teen sitting himself directly between Tony's legs, his weight acting a little like one of those anti anxiety blankets. The movie starts playing as soon as Peter settles, tossing popcorn into his mouth. Tony takes a handful, watching the screen intently. "He doesn't deserve you, Tony," Peter says at a lull in the action.
He's not hard to find. He's 21, and in the middle of the Russian government. His wife's name is Natalia, and she has stunning red hair. They're rich. Like, really rich. Unfortunately, that raises more questions then it answers. Why the hell did these two incredibly rich and influential people send their daughter to the red room? That creates a bit of a block in their path. See, although they were easy to find, they wouldn't be easy to get to. And it would be even harder to explain that they have a daughter. And that they're here from 2023.
