“I want birthday presents and also cake”, Jack says when the episode ends and Peppa has blown the candles on her cake.
Cas laughs aloud and turns to his stomach. He struggles with it a bit with all the alcohol still in his system but manages to turn anyway. “Am I banned now too? From pie baking”, he clarifies when Dean’s brain doesn’t follow.
They’re just finishing up breakfast and Dean’s marathon of telling Eileen all the embarrassing moments of Sam’s life he could possibly think of, when they hear Bobby coming back inside. Dean turns his gaze away from the burn of Sam’s glare and towards the kitchen door to see Bobby arrive.
“I’d close at least some of the buttons, that just makes you look like you’re trying too hard”, Dean teases, when he’s able to look at Cas into his eyes again.
Cas leans away from him, all the way against the armrest of the couch, rolling his eyes as he throws his legs to Dean’s lap, “Aren’t you lucky, I’m jealous”, he deadpans, “My boyfriend’s an idiot.”
Jack’s eyes are huge, mouth hanging open as he takes in the crowded surroundings, children screaming in a bouncing castle, people buying coffee, candy and different types of foods from small food stands along the path.
Cas is greeted with very excited exclamations when he opens the front door, and Jack runs towards him, three ponytails bouncing on the top of his head. Jack is explaining with such a speed Cas can’t even make out all the words he’s trying to pronounce, pointing at the ponytails in his head and showing the ones he’s holding.
“Come on, Jack”, he tries, tone tired as he lets go easily when Jack escapes his arms, “Work with me, please.”
“Don’t I know it”, Bobby says, kicking one of the wheels. Dean frowns at him, so he explains, “I let you into one of the cars back in the day, you would’ve sat there for hours if I didn’t drag you out.”
“It was a promising start”, Cas leans towards the floor, and takes two beers from the six pack and hands one to Dean.
is on the tip of his tongue, but Cas manages to swallow it down. He grabs a few different kinds and hopes that one of them is the right one.
Charlie still has some of the decorations up, probably out of laziness more than anything else. She rambles about something that happened at work while she makes them coffee, and Dean quietly listens to her, glad that she’s filling the silence.
“I’m not even going to answer that”, he says, all civil, probably for the sake of Jack, who’s busy pulling all of Cas’s ties from the drawer. Cas shrugs the shirt off completely before putting on the one he was holding, “And no, I don’t need anything from the store”, he continues, already looking at himself from the mirror again, buttoning the shirt up. “The restaurant sounded fancy and I wanted to make sure I had something suitable that wouldn’t have too many toddler stains on them.”
“At eight”, Dean quotes Cas from yesterday, the hangover making him out of breath even after the short sprint from the car to the door. He shows his phone screen to Cas as the man walks past him. “I said I’d make it”, he states with a victorious grin.
Before, all they were trying to do was to survive from one day to the next without strangling each other in the process. Now that it’s too late and everything is fucked up again, Dean’s starting to realize the family the three of them slowly had formed.
Because Cas there, he reminds Dean of shit he’s responsible for, shit he’s done a pretty good job at ignoring ever since the late night at the hospital lobby.
“We can try”, Cas grins against the skin on Dean’s neck when he notices the man’s breathing is starting to get heavier when Cas goes for places he knows will get the reactions he wants out of Dean. “When I told you what I would do to you in the backseat of your car, I made a promise to do it.”
Dean remembers he has some paperwork he wants to get done before the weekend, the kids fight over the PlayStation controller, Jack brings a glass of juice on the sofa when Dean’s not watching and accidentally knocks it down on the carpet while Dean tries to make Claire eat the leftover soup she hated yesterday too. He sends the kids to the backyard to play for a moment and dries the juice, but it still leaves a stain.
Like he doesn’t know how he’s fucking things up for Jack here too, and how he’s suddenly scared more than ever before that he’s turning into his father.
Jack, with the tired pout on his face, crosses the room to the bed, throws Rebecca there first before climbing after her. Cas reaches to pull him up properly.
Dean smirks at Jo, who’s awkwardly hanging around and not doing the same slow ritual of leaving the party as the rest of the people in the hallway, clearly going to stay for an exclusive afterparty with the birthday girl but acting like she isn’t.
Cas glances at Mick next to him and catches him already looking at him. They both chuckle a bit and turn their eyes away.
“Cas, he has the hots for you just as badly as you have for him”, Meg deadpans and sips her drink that looks so much like water it has to be vodka.
“I don’t wanna talk about it”, Dean cuts him off with a firm tone. When he finally turns to meet Cas’s eyes, Cas instantly wishes he didn’t, because the look Dean gives him is cold and forgein to him. “Okay?”
It takes him a second to realize the light weight on top of him is Jack, lying on top of him like an octopus, limbs pointing in every direction as he’s still sound asleep, drooling on the front of Dean’s shirt.
“Okay, shut up, both of you!” Kelly laughs, waving her hands to get their attention, “And stop that”, she says, giving a mean good mom frown at them.
It’s Dean’s fault. While he didn’t light the cigarette between his lips, he was an ass enough to make Cas light it. Thinking about Dean makes Cas pick up his pace, even if his legs are burning already for the lack of a proper warm up. He knows he broke the rule by inviting Mick in, but Dean was still an asshole about it. He called Mick his random hookup, even if they haven’t even had sex, especially not at the house.
Now that they’re slowly bursting the bubble that’s mostly been the house and the shrink’s office, and actually start having stuff outside of that, scheduling really becomes an issue.
Cas’s expression shifts but just slightly, brows lifting as his eyes grow a bit wider. “That was months ago”, he says quietly, more to himself than to Dean.
“Yeah. What?” Dean starts to get defensive, “Maybe you wanna see other people too, that’s a thing that happens sometimes.”
Planning a birthday party through text messages doesn’t sound ideal, even if it’s a convenient way of discussing almost everything else to avoid face to face conversations.
He finds his friend on the kitchen floor, unconscious. The loud beeping of the fire alarm bangs against his eardrums, and he registers the smoke coming from the oven, but there’s not actual flames anywhere.
“How would you know that?” Cas tilts his head, looking slightly amused, “Maybe I’m not as vocal about it as you are.”
The sight brings a smile to his face. Of course Cas is the ‘weirdly obsessed about random things’ kind of drunk.
When he wanders to the kitchen, he throws away the empty juice boxes from last night to the trash, shaking his head bitterly.
He’s not old enough to have the patience to wait for Cas to browse through the aisle to find the things he’s looking for though, and Cas has to repeatedly tell him to
Charlie and Jo are checking his head injury, talking through the medical side of it, but Dean can’t focus on any of that. He’s just staring into the blue eyes, so fucking relieved they’re open.
“Had to get a new set for myself, so I got you one too”, Sam says to Jack as he sits down on the couch, next to Eileen.
Dean’s so taken aback by it that he drops his hand off of Cas, but at the same time it feels so natural he lets himself be pulled into it, moving his lips to meet the soft movements of Cas’s.
Now, he’s holding a takeaway cup of coffee, his ass down on the edge of a sand box as he and Charlie are watching Jack push the sand around with his new truck.
Call him desperate and in love, but he has to give the laundry place another chance. Who knows if Castiel was sick or something, and hence didn’t show up last week? He doesn’t want to accept the fact that Castiel would just not say goodbye, which is ridiculous. The guy is just someone with same washing schedule than him, he doesn’t owe Dean anything.
The Department of Child Services is grey, and it’s the least aesthetically pleasing office area Dean’s ever been in. He’s waiting by a door that someone at the front desk advised him to wait by.
He has no idea if Dean’s always walked shirtless this much around the house before, or is he just now noticing every time he does. He does not like the way he’s eyes glue themselves to Dean whenever he just decides not to put on proper clothes after showering, so he turns down the heating of the apartment for his own sake.
The paint runs out quite quickly from his brush even though he tries to prolong the need to walk back to Novak and the paint bucket. Eventually he has to go there, to get more paint.
Maybe buying a game for five years and up to a four-year-old is Sam’s way of supporting Jack’s eagerness to get into college, but the kid’s the happiest when it’s his turn to roll the dice – for the third time in a row – and that’s all that matters.
Cas gets up quickly, “I should probably go to sleep”, he states, walking two steps backwards like he’s desperately putting distance between them, “I’m waking up with Jack tomorrow. Good night.”
To Dean’s relief, Cas’s expression turns from confused to smiling again, “I’ll—do my best to keep us friends.”
They’re staring at each other again, slowly closing the rest of the distance between them. The silence they fall into is comfortable and maybe just what they need after
“Whatever”, Dean grumbles, waving the waiter over as they settle at the bar, “I’m gonna drink some expensive scotch for free, meet you at the motel”, he says before hanging up.
“I hope we’re not interrupting anything”, he says, noticing that they were working on something, before they arrived.
For a second, he thinks Cas probably finds this super weird, and he’s about to pull his hand back, but then Cas gives his hand a squeeze, something soothing and sure in his eyes when he smiles a bit.
“—Look me and Dean went to the store and there was Peppa and, and Dean got me these and there’s so many, look this has yellow and this has so many colors—”
Now, he’s not sure about that last part but it’s not like they have another choice, and he’s not gonna put any ideas that they couldn’t do it in this person’s head. She’s evaluating their ability to parent, after all.
His phone makes a sound right that second, and he’s biting down a smile when he glances at the screen.
“I’ve never planned a birthday party for a four-year-old”, Cas says, looking genuinely a little bit scared when he admits that, “I was kind of hoping you would know what to do.”
“Charlie told to check if someone’s here and tell them to get inside”, the guy informs casually before going back inside, completely unaware of the situation he just saved them from.
Cas stares at the sunset outside. The pink and orange colors of it and Dean’s tears on the fabric of his shirt are the only two things he registers for a long moment, as the world crumbles around him.
“No”, Mrs. Kline’s voice is quiet and weak, but the relief of the answer doesn’t last long when she continues, “but you should still come here quickly.”
this is a chapter of scenes, including my own personal favorite that i've been waiting to post! it's the one at the end.
Sam types something frantically on his laptop, the sound of the keyboard clacking in Dean’s ear. Dean makes his way to the main area of the event while Sam does research, and waits for him to come up with a plan.
“Hey”, Cas repeats, tone a bit more firm, clearly trying to get Dean to look at him, fingers still wrapped around his wrists, “Listen to me. Jack is going to be fine.”
So, after he’s done with the emails and the kids have done their homework, Dean is once again loading them to the car and they head to the store, which is packed with people, of course, because it’s Friday.
He can hear Dean talking in the living room. “Hey kid, I have to stop by at work”, he says, “I know, it sucks”, he adds when Jack lets out a disappointed sound. “I’ll be back tonight, yes, before you go to bed, I promise.”
Dean’s browsing through the meat aisle, when someone suddenly greets him with a loud and excited “Oh my God,
“I have no idea what these are”, he says, browsing through the boxes, before randomly picking one, showing it to his brother, “How’s this?”
There are people sitting on the grass, but they walk far away enough that most of the noise of the crowded area is behind them. Dean grabs the blanket he’s stashed on the storage space under the strollers, throwing it to the ground.
Jack’s whole face twists up like it had done before when they’d made him take the medicine, keeping his eyes tightly shut as he swallows it down, earning praises from them both. Dean quickly sticks the straw into his mouth, and he drinks juice on top of it.
Cas does as he’s told, and Dean can feel the content smile on his lips when they move against his again. Another chuckle slipping out of his mouth gives Cas a better access there, and the kisses take a more heated turn. Dean brings his hands to Cas’s back, grabbing the fabric of his shirt and pulling it from his jeans.
“You said a bad word”, Jack observes, hesitant like he’s not sure if he’s allowed to point that out.
He’s about to walk over to tease her about it, but before he can, there’s someone stepping in front of him, getting his attention.
“We’ve been able to get two of the rings”, Sam tells Cas, because he’s the type of person to just tell people things. “This Rowena is unlucky enough to have the one, and the fourth one we haven’t been able to find yet. There were rumors that a nest of vampires turned witches got their hands on it.”
“You shouldn’t give him too much sugar, because it’s already getting late—” Sam silences his brother with a hand on his shoulder.
“Do you want coffee?” he offers to bring his mind to the present moment, “Dean just went to the shower a moment ago”, he explains, “It was his turn to put Jack to bed and considering the battle it seemed to be, he’s probably going to have a long one.”
The ride is long, but it goes on easily, with good music on the radio, each other keeping them entertained, and taking breaks at gas stations whenever they need to. Time flies as Dean drives, and it doesn’t feel like it took them most of the day to arrive at the familiar, narrow road that eventually leads to Bobby’s yard.
Dean sits up and makes room for his husband. He looks down at Claire’s tiny t-shirt he has still in his hands and remembers the dinner plan. Fuck.
Now that Dean thinks of it, his bed is awfully creaky. These people think they’re dating, of course they would make that assumption. Great.
Dean glances at Cas for support. The man looks at him like he's about to commit a murder if the guard leaves them alone, when he stares back at Dean, before reluctantly turning to the guard as well.
The shrink has gone through this all with Jack, so on some level he knows what has happened. She gives them some general instructions for the situations where this shit probably will come up, handing some flyers with sad kids on the cover.
“You know what, I think I’m just gonna head home”, he announces and drinks the rest of his beer in one go.
After a short walk around the corner and up the stairs, Dean is suddenly in Castiel’s tiny bathroom, stuffing his laundry into the washer. Castiel’s fingers linger on his as he shows Dean how to choose the right program, stepping closer to him than he has ever been in at the laundromat, closer than he needs to, even with the small space.
They wait there, pinned against each other, for a moment to make sure the guard has walked far away enough to not hear them anymore.
Cas lets Jack down and the kid runs towards the half-built castle but stops just before he reaches it. He turns to look at the two, and Cas gives him an approving nod.
“It’s Christmas”, he says, and because Cas doesn’t push him away, he doesn’t make the effort to move either, “The others are already making breakfast.”
Even if it didn’t take the whole day to buy the stuff, it took long enough for Cas to dread the moment they’d actually start decorating the house. The shop had a whole section for children’s parties, which almost made Jack faint with excitement.
“You’re staying with Sam for a short moment”, he explains, “I’ll go to work, and Dean picks you up in no time.”
“This is a library”, he states to Jack who looks around curiously, “We can borrow books to read at home.”
Cas of course signs the same papers, and they look at some of them together, but there isn’t much to discuss about any of it.
Mick walks past Dean, giving him a polite smile, saying it was nice to meet him, but Dean’s too busy quietly fuming to react with anything other than a nod.
“Hey there, Jack!” she beams and Dean can feel Jack pressing more firmly against him. “Did you have fun with Dad at the sandbox?” she asks, probably just to talk about something to be friendly.
Cas brings his hands up, holding Dean by the arms, and for a moment they’re just kind of holding each other silently, and it should be awkward, but it’s not.
“Couldn’t be me”, Dean shrugs and pointedly leans against the couch, “I’m just going to be awesome, always.”
After that, he hands the phone back to Cas. Dean already hung up, because instead of the caller ID, there’s the picture of Jack in the backyard castle, holding Rebecca Rabbit above his head, that Cas has as his lock screen picture.
“I know I didn’t exactly ask if it was okay to come over”, Mick starts, a shy smile on his face, “but I was in the neighbourhood and I thought—I got some muffins from this bakery I walked past on my way from a meeting.”
Cas gets to leave home on the promise of someone picking him up and staying with him, and Dean gets out of his shift just in time. He drives up to the hospital to pick him up, and he has a day off tomorrow, so it’s all settled.
“I hope it was worth it”, Cas comments, and Dean’s not sure if his tone is amused or not, but he doesn’t bother to lift his hand to check.
Dean hates how much Sam’s reassuring voice soothes him, he hates how much he needs to be reassured about every detail when it comes to Jack or he feels like a total fuck up as a caregiver.
Cas just stares at him, heat in his eyes, looking like he could growl like an animal at him. Dean waits for him to say something back to him, but instead the man just huffs out a breath, and with an almost civil tone announces that he has some work to do for tomorrow.
It’s mean to enjoy it, so that’s why he does it in secret. Dean didn’t break the blood oath he took with Jack, but unfortunately the toddler can’t tell time yet.
Not that he’s put a lot of thought into what love is, but if he had, he would’ve probably described it as something with fireworks and kisses in the rain in slow motion while your heart bursts out of your chest. Amazing, breathtaking shit like that.
Cas doesn’t laugh at his joke but has this weird smile on his lips. He doesn’t look amused, but Dean doesn’t have a name for the expression on Cas’s face when he hums,
doing?” Dean counters, pushing himself off the door frame he’s leaning against, “I thought we agreed not to meet with some random hookups at the house.”
Cas parks the strollers and lets Jack out before sitting down on one of the chairs. He’s expecting Jack to make a beeline to the toy box, but instead he grabs a book from the strollers, one at the top of the pile and hands it to Cas.
Jack’s exclamations get Dean’s attention, and he pushes himself from underneath the castle, sitting up on the grass.
“I think conning your name to the list of a party that much smaller is impossible”, Dean argues. Slipping a fake name to a charity event where hundreds of people are invited was a cakewalk, but getting into her house? Seems impossible.
Jack walks further away from him, his lower lip trembling a bit. Dean knows what’s coming even before it comes, and tries to prepare himself for it.
That gets Dean confused enough to lift his head up as well and turn to look at Cas behind him. Cas wants to kiss his sleepy, slightly angry frown away.
“They never did, it was horrible”, she laughs, shaking her head, “We had a huge fight and barely saw each other at home during the month it took her to find a new place”, she tells him casually, like it doesn’t bother her at all, “I went out and got drunk while she packed her things and left.”
Dean considers the shots with an unsure look on his face. He doesn’t feel like it. Like, at all. His mind is still stuck on the two at home.
And Dean’s not an asshole, he wants what’s best for Jack, because he’s the one suffering the most out of this situation, without them adding to that. It’ll get better when he can move back to his apartment and they’ll take turns in this parenting thing.
Jack agrees to eat his breakfast in such peace that Dean decides to take his time and make breakfast pancakes, even if it’s a Monday morning and pancakes have a Saturday vibe in them. He has a day off from work and the weather is looking nice enough, they all slept quite well, so there’s many reasons for pancakes.
“It’s windy at the lake”, he says to Cas as he rummages through his stuff, “Make sure you’re wearing layers.”
Even Benny putting it like that, Dean’s sure he’s made the right decision. He’s not going to enjoy his night out so he might as well head home, when he’s not drunk, in case Cas needs help with Jack.
“Shut up. Drinking on a Wednesday sucks”, he whines, letting his arm drop to his face. His pained appearance is making Jack giggle on Cas’s lap, because of course the kid would side with him.
“Like in the kitchen”, the kid informs. Hesitantly, he points out, “People kiss when they love each other.”
The bell above the door makes a sound when someone steps in, yanking Dean out of his thoughts. He lifts his gaze from his phone to a guy he had never seen there before but who happened to be one of the most gorgeous guys he has ever seen.
Dean can feel the paint sticking to his hair, some of it falling down his sweat covered neck, tickling, and he tries to push Novak away, placing a firm hand on his chest, but Novak’s hold of his arm is strong and he pulls him down with him.
Dean’s attractive by many standards, and he aesthetically fits Cas’s idea of an attractive man. He’s always known it, but it’s never been an issue. He’s glared at Dean enough times over the years that he’s been aware of the fact that the man has freckles on his face, but Cas hasn’t given them a second thought before. Until one morning he finds himself wondering just how far down his body the freckles go.
“If I didn’t know better, I’d say she was flirting with me”, Dean grins, attempting to joke, but it doesn’t land when Cas suddenly scoffs and pushes himself off the railing he’s leaning against, turning fully towards him.
Jack attempts to climb on the couch and Dean picks him up, letting him sit on top of him, giving him a tired but genuine smile when he ruffles the hair on Jack’s small head.
“Whatever”, Dean states, dropping the washcloth back on the coffee table, but he’s glad Cas offered, “I’ll take the guest room.” It’s smaller, and there’s not that much storage space, but he’s keeping his own apartment at least for now.
He crouches down to clean some dead flowers away. There’s a bouquet that’s newer than all the others, and Cas quickly recognizes why they look so familiar. Dean used to bring those to Kelly, always those when he brought flowers.
“The only thing that’s stopping me from texting Sam about how they’re doing is the amount of shit he would give me”, he admits, but Cas doesn’t mock him for it.
“Do you want to make the pharmacy run?” Cas asks while he fastens his own seat belt. He turns to look at Dean when the man doesn’t start the engine. “Dean?”
”, a girl, who can’t be older than sixteen, sighs dramatically deep, looking at them both behind a very black and smushed eye makeup, “just get both and move on”, she says and reaches between them to grab a chocolate bar from the shelf, “You’re blocking the whole fucking aisle.”
“Can you come to my room?” Cas mutters to the phone, “Jack misses you.” He hangs up before Dean can say anything.
The muscles on Dean’s throat move as he swallows. He licks his lips, and Cas shoots his gaze back up to meet his eyes instead, trying to shake the thought of kissing the other man from his mind, but looking into the green sea, he almost leans forward.
He can’t think too long about it because suddenly Dean’s there with him, introducing them to each other.
someone, his face is pressed to the back of Dean’s neck as the man he’s holding in his arms is still sound asleep, snoring quietly.
Cas counters. He sounds like he’s pleased about the thought, though. After a pause, he adds with a gentle smile in his tone,
“Yeah, I know that”, he agrees quietly. It’s not Cas’s fault they’re in this mess, but he’s the one who’s unlucky enough to be there when this shit boils over inside of him.
Dean drops his gaze to the other man’s lips just in time to see him lick them again, and he decides he’s just the right amount of drunk to go for it.
“I am enjoying the free booze my new coworker invited me to drink”, she says and takes a sip of her cup.
He sits on the edge of the bed, and smooths a hand on Jack’s head, and after a short moment, like he expected, the kid’s expression starts to get drowsy.
He breaks the silence they've fallen into. Or the pain killers do, probably, because what he hears himself say is:
“He’s not even being picky anymore, he just plain refuses to eat anything”, Dean whines. That gets sympathetic, knowing sounds from the women. “I’ve tried everything. I’ve cooked him fancy foods, boring foods, foods that are shaped like animals, soups, bread, Cas has read like five books on how to make a kid eat, but there’s no logic on how he eats or not.”
“Clever”, Charlie smiles, “You just gotta let him do his thing and when he’s done, he’s usually in a better mood.”
“I’ll let Bobby know you took those, I’m sure it’s cool”, the man assures, matching Jack’s polite tone. He crouches down again to hug the kid, “See you later.”
In his life, crap has always been more or less falling apart, so it still catches him off guard when Cas is there, taking care of him. Because Dean's always been the one taking care of people. And he still is, there’s nothing he wouldn’t do for Jack or Cas, or anyone else he cares about for that matter. But having someone to share some of the responsibility, and all of the joy, feels pretty great.
“Is it your first time at the park?” the other woman, Jody, asks as she hands him a cup of coffee like they’d know each other already, “We haven’t seen you around before.”
“If I’m being completely honest, I am afraid of the cake I ordered”, he jokes, walking over to the fridge to grab something from there. “So, in case we have to burn it with holy fire, I thought pie makes a good back up.”
Cas enters as quietly as he can when Dean lets him in first. They’ve only taken off their shoes when the floor creaks a bit as Bobby enters the hallway from the living room. He looks like he just woke up from the couch when he heard the two of them coming in.
“Jack chose the mug”, Dean explains, “Asked him what you like, he said you like coffee, so I told him to choose the coolest mug at the store for a present.”
“I once hid the last one of these on the top shelf and told Jack we didn’t have any. I drank it while he was sleeping.”
“Having your sexual orientation tattooed to your face does sound convenient”, Cas says to take part into the conversation, “But then again sexual identity can be fluid or build up to be something else in the future, so it might not be the best option.”
“I’m sorry I let him in, even if Jack was sleeping”, he says, “That’s what we agreed on, and I didn’t respect that.”
But when they stop and it's time to make decisions, against everything he’s been thinking about, Cas says maybe he should go home.
“What?” Charlie laughs like Dean expected her to, “So, you’re checking every corner before you kiss Cas or what?” Her face turns softer when she asks, gentler this time, “Why haven’t you told him?”
He and Dean eat around the kitchen isle, because the chairs are currently the foundation of the fort and knowing Jack, he would not eat a bite if they broke down his beloved new home. As soon as he’s eaten the bare minimum they can make him eat, he's quickly running back into the fort.
They’re awkwardly standing on the opposite ends of the space, Cas on the entrance to the hallway and Dean at the doorway to the living room, staring at each other. When Cas doesn’t say anything, Dean adds: “Wanted to see if you needed help putting Jack to bed.”
Because he’s drunk, and he’s in love, and the idea of kissing someone he cares so much about terrifies him, because Cas doesn’t feel that way about him. So he glares at the empty whiteboard leaning uselessly against the counter behind Cas instead.
“Cas, just control your man, please”, Jo calls Cas for help, trying to keep Dean at arm’s length from the tree.
“Good night, Dean”, he says to put an end to any possible conversation, because Dean is holding him close, sighing contently, and Cas just wants to selfishly enjoy it before tomorrow morning and the eventual, sober end.
Dean’s suddenly peeking inside from the backdoor, slightly out of breath after running with Jack, “Can you bring us some juice when you come back outside?”
“Sorry for ditching you for a second”, he continues, when he’s sure Jack's out, sound asleep, “Got stuck with my own shit, but luckily Cas was there for you. And me.” Dean looks at the slow rise and fall of Jack’s chest as he breathes.
Dean nods and accepts the coffee that he just now realizes he’s body desperately craves. These women seem to have come equipped, with years of experience that he clearly lacks.
Cas feels the bed moving when Dean eventually gets up, his hand slipping away from his. He hears the footsteps, the bathroom door opening and water running, but he can’t bring himself to move, to open his eyes just yet.
They’ve finished the muffins, and Cas checks the time to see how long Jack’s been sleeping to be sure that he wouldn’t wake up while Mick is still there, when they hear someone coming in.
Dean almost falls from his seat when he laughs at the way Cas looks like he just admitted to a murder.
“I think that’s enough spoons”, Charlie nods at the cup Cas has already stacked full of them. “Someone arrived, Jack’s opening presents.”
Jack gets excited at that, getting up from the floor quickly to be lifted to his chair. Cas notices Dean’s already set the table for three, when he makes his way to it after Dean and Jack.
Instead, he had gotten all mad and rushed out before Cas could get a grip of his own sour mood to ask Dean about it.
There’s no other explanation for his behavior, when he grabs his phone when he’s left under no supervision for the second it takes Charlie to text. He taps a message so quickly his brain won’t be able to follow, and after the quiet sound of a message being sent, he throws the phone to the couch.
Being the genius she is, Charlie is doing okay enough to have quite a big apartment for just herself. It has a spacious living room with a doorway to the balcony, where some of the guests are still hanging out before it gets too cold to stay there for long.
“Dean”, Cas growls, an expression almost angry on his face, as he demands for more, cursing as Dean slows the movement of his fingers even more,
Dean thinks about handing Jack over to someone who is not him or Cas, for a whole night. He doesn’t like the thought.
Cas gets himself to move. “Dean”, he says, the demanding tone of his own voice surprising even himself. He grabs Dean by the shoulder, turning him around before he reaches the magazine table.
“And we should do that too”, Dean says firmly, raising his cup, “So what do you say we toast to some kid free time and get on with the plan?”
He tries not to get sad drunk, but it does feel bittersweet to know Cas likes his family, because these people are the most important people in Dean’s life and Cas liking them and vice versa is important to him, but at the same time it stings that Cas is not a part of it the way Dean wants more than anything.
“I promised Jess I’d take her out tonight”, Sam explains, his eyes full on puppy mode, when Dean asks what his excuse for this time is. “I’ll go next time, I promise!” he assures as he quickly backs towards the front door and out, before Dean can say anything.
“There’s some snacks Dean prepared for him, if he gets hungry, but he probably won’t”, Cas explains, “There’s also a paper with our phone numbers on it.
“I thought maybe you needed the twelve hours”, he says, nonchalant as he takes the pancake from the pan.
Kelly ignores their bickering looks, like she usually does. She places a hand on her stomach, caressing it, “You’ll see”, she smiles, “Jack will teach you.”
Just as he’s about to put some shampoo in his hair, he hears the bathroom door opening, and someone stepping inside. He peeks from behind the shower curtain.
“Do you even have proper food at your place?” he grunts, elaborating when Cas frowns at his sudden question, “Jack told me your cooking sucks, and honestly, he’s right.”
But today is Jack’s birthday, which means he’ll play happy house even if it kills him. He gets on it halfway through his coffee, plastering a smile on his face before joining the other two to finish his coffee with them.
And even if Dean knows about it now, Cas still secretly sneaks outside when he sometimes smokes a cigarette late at night, and Dean's wondering does he really think he's being sneaky about it, because Dean's caught him so many times.
Dean closes the balcony door behind him and crosses his arms against the chill evening air, but it does little to warm him. For a second, he thinks he’s alone outside, before he spots two figures at the other end of the balcony.
He turns back to the stove and does his best to focus on the sauce he’s making, but Cas’s eyes won’t leave his side profile. The man studies him for a moment, and from the corner of his eye Dean can see him lift his hand. It lands on Dean’s shoulder.
And yeah, he should probably be happy as hell to not have to deal with Novak’s bullshit anymore and a few summers ago he would’ve been but, what can he say, Novak’s bullshit has kinda grown on him.
Sam leans forward, his expression the classic Sam ‘I’m ready to listen’ Winchester. “What do you mean?”
Cas and Jack are building a race car tack on the living room floor when the front door opens sometime in the afternoon.
“This is your fault”, Dean mutters to Cas, as he watches Charlie already mischievously grinning at him.
“It’s cool”, Dean says, and turns his gaze down to look at the hand in his for a moment, “I wanted to”, he chews his bottom lip a bit, studying Cas’s hand as if he would find the right words for this moment from his skin.
The laundromat is empty when Dean arrives, as it usually is this time of the evening on a weekday. He walks over towards the first available machine, loads it, puts some coins in and sits down on the bench after pressing the machine on.
“See you later”, he says, pressing his lips to Dean’s temple before untangling himself from the other man.
“You know, after we wake up together”, he clarifies, clearing his throat, “from, going to the same bed together the night before?”
He realizes he’s slipped Cas’s name earlier during the story about last night. Donna didn’t seem to catch that, but of course Jody would. Dean’s happy she’s waited this long to ask, though.
Jack has his eyes open, his expression tired, but eyes curious when he looks at Dean tucking him in. He looks tired enough that Dean thinks he’s going to be fine without a bedtime story.
Dean chooses the normal everyday program and lifts his gaze from the buttons to the blue eyes that watch him, mesmerized by the color in them.
And maybe he needs his share of the playground group therapy that they jokingly keep calling their meetings there.
Cas has turned his phone on silent when he left home, but he checks it twice to see if Dean’s tried to call him.
The group doesn’t even notice they almost ran into someone, but Dean definitely notices the warmth of Cas, so he lets go before he stops to enjoy it.
“Then it’s settled!” Dean smiles at the kid in his arms, “How about I put you to bed, and you and Cas get some sleep, yeah?”
It’s almost four am when the six of them finally split into pairs and make their way to their respective bedrooms; Sam and Eileen into Sam’s old room, Jo and Charlie to the guest room and Dean and Cas upstairs to Dean’s room.
Someone opens the balcony door, and the sounds of the party inside are flooding out, sobering Dean instantly as Cas takes a step back so fast it’s a miracle he doesn’t trip over, turning to see who is at the door.
In contrast to before, now he has a toddler who picks them up wherever he leaves them and who has a habit of playing with them whenever he finds them somewhere.
“This is horrible”, Dean shakes his head as he sticks the straw to the drink, “I’m missing the hell out of that kid, but here I am, still drinking from his stash like some asshole.”
“Are you not?” he asks with a knowing look and Dean has to give in, shoulder slumping as he lets out a sigh.
Sam suggests they should get a picture, and Dean tries to get Jack to stand still in front of the cake table. Sam has a different idea.
Realization hits Dean as he recognizes the man, it takes him a second because the only time he’s seen him was in the dark of their front porch, kissing Cas.
Cas browses through his emails on his phone, awkwardly trying to ignore the way Meg takes her time to flirt with the waitress. He looks up when she leaves, seeing Meg shamelessly stare after her when she walks away with their order.
“Uh, I think I have to get some work done tomorrow, actually.” He’s pretty sure he has to get some work done, there’s always work. The tomorrow section of the board is completely empty, but it’s not like they’ve actively updated that, so it might be wrong. “I’m sorry.”
The kid points at the scribbling underneath all the glitter, reading his own made-up writing, “I wrote here: welcome to birthday party, Sam”, he explains before sighing, “I didn’t know how to spell Eileen.”
A day later Cas drops Jack off at Sam’s and when Dean’s free, he’ll pick him up again. He hands Sam a tote bag with Jack’s food and some toys in it.
“You would have to like someone enough to get married, in order to get divorced”, Cas says, tone icy.
“I miss Dean now”, the kid states, and turns his sad eyes to Cas. The man closes his eyes for a second.
Instead of a washing machine though, it’s a luxurious spa day for Rebecca. For Dean, it’s two hours of hanging out in the bathroom wearing wet clothes while Jack and the fucking rabbit have the time of their life in the bathtub.
“But that’s what you meant”, Dean counters, throwing his hands to the side, “Fine, you want me to be normal, I’ll be normal.”
And from there, they start to talk about everything, jumping from subject to another and always continuing where they left off the last time.
dad, that’s for sure”, Charlie states when she joins them on the couch, sitting down next to Cas, who scoots closer to Dean again to give room for her.
Dean continues while he’s on a roll, “And—and I’m sorry for being an ass earlier today, and now, about—well, I’m sorry.”
?” Dean mocks. Jack is playing with his toys abandoned on the kitchen floor on the other side of the table and has probably zoned out of their fight.
“Really?” she asks while she browses through the options on the screen, “I always thought he’s more the relationship type.”
“You’re not concentrating on the game and it’s ruining my stats so spill before I’m too annoyed to be a good friend”, she explains easily, nodding at the paused screen.
“Are you hungover?” she suddenly asks, when she joins him at the table, holding two steaming cups of coffee.
“Yeah, well”, Dean grins, lifting his feet to the coffee table, “You do the dishes more often than me. I find it very sexy.”
Based on the number of cars, and some noises coming from the backyard, most of the guests have already arrived. Dean’s eyes wander around the front yard and the big, light yellow house in front of him.
“Fine”, Dean says and pulls the covers to get under them, “I’ll wait for him to go under and then go back to my room”, Dean says quietly to Cas as the kid gets comfortable between them.
on the hallway just before they arrive at the kitchen. Dean frowns, because he recognizes the low, gravely voice even before he sees the blue eyes staring back at him on the doorway.
Cas opens his mouth to say something, or maybe he’s just breathing, Dean’s not sure, but the fear of Cas regretting what he said, or thinking Dean doesn’t agree punches the words out of Dean’s mouth.
“No! Dean gave it to me.” Jack pouts and hides his hands behind his back, shooting one of his angriest looks at Cas, looking like the man had suggested they should burn the damn thing once and for all.
Cas is feeling as shitty as Dean looks like right now. The man ignores his presence completely, focusing only on Jack.
The plan of their day is made when Cas realizes he forgot to drop some books at the library before coming to the apartment the day before, so that’s what they’ll spend time on today, returning the books.
And for a second Dean seriously thinks he should just go for it, test the boundaries of this fake relationship they’re having, but he chickens out.
“It is in the morally gray area if your actions kill people”, Cas says, and Dean can’t hold in a groan. Somehow, he’s not surprised Cas is the type to start a philosophical conversation with an evil witch, but he’s already tied down and about to die, he doesn’t want to spend his last moments hearing Cas’s arguments.
There’s a picture of the three of them from the barbecue Charlie had taken at some point during the day with her Polaroid camera and had left it on their fridge door. Jack’s reaching towards the picture and Dean steps closer so he can reach it, tapping Cas’s face with his tiny finger. “There.”
“It snowed a lot early this morning, so Bobby’s out”, Sam says and grabs a half eaten toast from his plate, taking a bite, “We already prepared some breakfast but if you want eggs or something you have to make them yourself.”
Dean has been a realist; Castiel was getting his own machine soon anyway, and their laundry room would be working eventually too, but it still hits him by surprise how bad it feels, being there without him.
After one morning of watching Peppa Pig and Suzy Sheep build forts out of blankets and chairs, life has been all about forts.
“Yeah”, Dean says, lifting his head, “It’s just—you know, when I saw him there I just—I couldn’t think, I—" he runs a hand over his face, “It was a standard gig, and I just lost it. Couldn’t do my damn job.”
to see them”, Sam says firmly, and holds a hand out for Jack, “Want to go to the living room and you can show them all to me?”
The bedroom is already dark, when he comes back, closing the door behind him as quietly as he could. Cas is already under the covers, breathing steadily. Dean slides under one of the blankets, careful to leave some space between them, what little is possible to leave anyway. Judged from the steady breaths Cas is already asleep, the sleepy son of a bitch, and listening to that, Dean suddenly feels the long drive weighing his body and he falls asleep surprisingly fast as well.
Cas tries to ignore the heavy feeling in his chest when Jack declines, fully turning his back to him in protest. He leaves them there without saying anything else, because he knows that the next time they’re in this situation, it’s Dean’s turn to be on the shittier side of this.
Cas takes the post-it note and starts folding it absentmindedly, “So we should probably plan some sort of celebration for him”, he says.
Cas rolls his eyes but smiles after to make sure Dean knows he’s joking. He makes a point of taking his hands off of Dean, and it takes all of Dean’s willpower to slide off of Cas, and back next to him.
“Alcohol is known to affect one’s motor skills, Dean”, Cas counters calmly, but Dean can feel the asshole smirking against his skin.
Dean lets himself be pulled up from the barstool that almost gets knocked over when Cas backs them against the isle, pressing himself firmly against Dean, staying close even after a moment, when he leans back from the kiss for a bit of air.
“It’s like this every year”, Jo tells Charlie, Eileen and Cas, who follow the ongoing decoration from the couch. “I don’t understand why we let him be part of this process at all.”
“It’s cool”, Dean says in return. He falls quiet for a moment, biting the inside of his cheek. “Why do you do that, anyway?” Novak frowns at him so he clarifies, “Point out all my flaws, I mean. It’s like you try to find everything that I do wrong to prove my imperfection to everyone.”
He can’t help but think about that one time when Charlie made a comment about Dean sleeping with his friends, and if Benny is one of them. He doesn’t care, but he can’t stop thinking about it either.
Dean clears his throat, “Which means you kinda have to let me sleep with you because otherwise I’m homeless, so…”
It’s too late for the pie, but he thinks maybe he’ll make something quick for a super late dinner. He starts folding the pile of laundry that fills the coffee table, and falls asleep on the sofa halfway through the chore.
He’s not even that tired, and Dean did promise to take care of Jack until tomorrow, but when Cas is trying to reason his decision to himself, it feels a lot like something’s holding him back, and he doesn’t want to figure out what it is.
“Cas read that it reduces the stress of the child if the asshole he’s left with is not completely dumb”, Dean explains as they walk to the living room, where Cas and Jack are playing with some toy figures.
The light changes before he has to come up with an answer. What he comes up with is more questions. Cas thinks back to the date night. The kiss on the front porch was nice. But that’s all it was, a nice kiss.
“Cool. It’ll be here, when you’re done!” he smiles at the kid as he’s about to put the basket down on the counter but stops when Jack points a finger at him.
The man turns back to face him, his shoulders relaxing a bit as he lets out a breath, “Figured as much, when I dropped you off.”
Life is not the absolute hell it used to be, when they were all staying under the same roof all day and night. Now, it’s simple. When Dean’s at the apartment, he’s with Jack, and when it’s Cas’s turn, he leaves them alone.
Dean can’t help the annoyance creeping up his neck like cold sweat at that, and he snorts, “I haven’t heard you speak two words to me in days.”
There have been moments, where for a second it has felt like things are going back to normal. When Dean makes a joke suddenly, or they find themselves having a short conversation. Cas is trying not to push it, because every time he tries to acknowledge it, Dean seems to come to the realization too, and he shuts Cas out completely.
Cas stares down at the yellow flower shaped post-it note he’s stuck on his calendar, one that he’s moved from one day to the next instead of taking care of it.
Cas is sure Dean’s not capable of having feelings in general. The man is all casual hookups and flashing easy smiles, thinking only about himself and what he wants.
He glances at the flowers, “I don’t know what Dean’s told you already, but Jack’s great, Kelly”, he smiles a sad smile.
“Who—Oh, that’s my coworker Meg, she just started at my department”, she explains casually, sipping her drink, “She seems evil, but like, in a cool way, thought she’d like to meet new people, she just moved here.”
Her smile is already tugging at the corner of her mouth, “I don’t make promises I can’t keep, you know that.”
“That is a tiger”, Jack points at one of the books on display. It’s too high for Jack to grab, so Cas takes it and hands it to him.
“No, wouldn’t dream of it”, she smirks, giving him a once over while holding his hand, “You kids have fun, I need more booze anyway.”
Cas’s phone pings, and he takes it from his back pocket, smiling when he reads the message. Dean holds back his eye roll, but looks at Cas when the man types out an answer to the message he got.
“Good targeting is so vague that you don’t get caught”, Meg comments when some people are disappointed that they didn’t get their revenge before the new rule. She smirks at Cas from the other side of the room, winking at him when she speaks, “Never have I ever given a blowjob in a car.”
Dean chuckles at something the bakery staff person says, “I know, but if it makes my kid happy”, he smiles, “Just… Try to make it not look creepy, okay?”
“We’ll be right out!” Charlie promises with a cheerful tone. She grabs the cup full of spoons and after shooting another pointed look at Cas, she heads out.
“I told her I was sorry already”, Dean says with what he would say in a surprisingly calm tone, “Maybe Rebecca could wait in the living room while you and I go there. And, just, tell her I’ll never ever again suggest anything like that ever.”
“Nothing”, Dean answers, staring back with hard eyes. It’s difficult when the look Bobby gives him is softer, worrying.
Since there’s no space left, Cas is left standing awkwardly in the doorway, an unsure look on his face.
... also notice how i'm starting to describe jack as an almost-four-year-old? do you think there's gonna be another birthday party before we're done? ;)
Jack hasn’t gotten any better by the time Cas comes home, so they try to get some more medicine in him.
The drinking game, as much as Dean hates playing it, helped with both of these matters, but as people scatter around the apartment again, Dean’s scared they’ll be left alone, but before he can escape to the kitchen to get more booze in his system, Cas stops him.
Dean realizes another huge pro of throwing a barbecue, other than the fact that they would all get delicious food, and he would get to make it.
Just ask him.” She shakes her head, “The fact that Cas hasn’t said anything to you is probably just him avoiding it just as much as you.”
“What is it?” Dean deadpans when he can’t take it anymore, “Spill before we both die of old age here.”
i'm feeling so sad already we're almost at the end!!! i've worked on this fic for so long, and i'm so happy i decided to put this out there because you have made many of my days with your comments and kudos, and they have helped me through some serious writing struggles. like seriously, we wouldn't be here on chapter 13 if it wasn't for you guys!! <3 so once again, thanks so much for your kudos and comments and messages!!
“It’s cool, but good thing we ran into each other now”, she smiles, “Are you free this Friday? We could go out.”
Dean nods at that while he puts together the next string of words, “Seeing Jack there, even if my gut told me he’s fine, I just—remembered how I felt that night, and I just—” his fingers curl, hands balling into fists, knuckles white.
Life with a toddler was phases after phases after phases. At first, Jack was content with playing just about any toys they had around the house, but as time goes on, he’s starting to express preferences and voicing his opinions - very strong opinions one might add - on things like food, clothes or the choice of toys for a play.
Fuck, no wonder why people break up after they have a baby. He’s not even in a relationship with Cas and he wants to get a divorce. So yeah, they’re not doing great.
“Definitely. That goes without saying”, he agrees with a smile that somehow looks genuine and forced at the same time.
The park is packed with people when they finally arrive, walking down the main path that goes across the park, looking through all the things there is to see and to do.
This must be one of his dates. Dean’s made a ridiculous, huge point of not seeing anyone twice or never seeing anyone during daytime or whatever, so Cas’s wondering if Dean has any idea this girl seems to have their address.
Trying to explain his shitty work situation and the joint guardianship with Dean to a three-year-old is not easy. The only thing he will understand is the fact that you’re not there.
Instead of tuxes, they’re wearing a bit more casual suits to this event, but Cas has still combed his hair back a bit to make it look fancier. With this suit it’s easier to hide a knife in, but they ditched the guns, just to make sure they don’t look too suspicious. Cas insisted they wouldn’t need them anyway, and Dean just wanted to disagree, even if the man was probably right. The only dangerous thing inside the house was the damn ring and shooting that wouldn’t remove the problem.
For the first time in a few days, Cas is sleeping on his bed alone, lying in the middle, almost asleep. He’s shaken out of it by the light from the hallway as his bedroom door is pushed open.
Dean stands in the doorway, watching the scene in front of him, not daring to break the moment the two have fallen deep into. He watches Cas smile widely at Jack when the kid says something funny and they giggle together.
“Hi”, he gets out when the woman stops in front of him. She looks familiar, but it takes Dean a moment to figure out the context, which in this case is very drunk and very naked.
“Used to sing to Sam when he got nightmares or some shit”, he explains, unable to meet Cas’s eyes that he can still feel on him, “Sounds boring enough to put anyone under, I guess.”
Cas gives an apologetic look at the men, again correcting the kid, “According to my estimations this box isn’t big enough to have that many, but I hope there’s some for everyone.”
“I think there’s a few educational steps you have to go through before that, but it’s an admirable goal”, Cas says, but Jack’s already focusing on getting the package open to get a better look at the markers.
There’s just something in the way he’s concentrating that Dean finds intriguing to stare at, and he’s glad when Cas is completely unaware of his staring.
He leaves a bit of space between Dean and Jack. Sam commands him to stand closer and closer until he’s almost shoulder to shoulder with Dean, awkwardly standing there.
He quickly matches his face with Dean’s, “Now nothing”, he grunts, “Keep those clothes separate from the laundry basket, I don’t want oil on our clothes”, he lectures, before promptly walking back up, leaving Dean downstairs.
“If she’s somewhere watching, she would be happy with what you pulled off today”, Charlie says quietly, a soft look on her face as she looks at him from across the yard.
“He looks happy”, Dean counters, but as Cas levels him with an amused look, he has to give in. “Okay, yeah, he looks ridiculous.”
“I don’t know, it was an article from somewhere”, Dean rolls his eyes. He’s not gonna tell Sam he read the article after Cas was done with it, “The point is, we don’t want Jack hating us because he doesn’t feel comfortable hanging out with you.”
“This is why you make the perfect pair for this task”, she explains, “maybe you’ll learn to actually like each other the way I do.”
“Our machine has been broken for weeks”, Dean says, giving explanation why he is there as well, even though the man doesn’t ask, but just to answer something.
“I guess I just enjoy making a lot of observations”, he starts, “and then I just point out what I see.”
Benny nods, “Only going to speak nice things about you”, he promises, mock-sincerely this time, “Tell them you’re playing hard to get.”
“I don’t know what’s going on”, he says instead, “but I think you’re just confusing you and Jack with you and your old man.”
“I assume you boys know the spellwork to get all the rings working requires blood”, she starts, taking a long, calming breath in, “I know, very messy, very annoying”, she waves a hand as she casually picks up Dean’s knife from the table. “
Cas scoffs but there’s a smile playing at the corner of his mouth even if he’s doing everything to hide it, “If someone is unfortunate enough to fall in love with
“Don’t act like you’re all alone in that”, Benny smiles, “Isn’t Castiel taking half of the workload?”
The soapy cup slips from his fingers when he takes it from the sink, and it drops to the floor, saved from being broken by dropping onto his foot first. It doesn’t even hurt that much, it just catches him off guard, but it prompts a curse out of his already boiling mind.
They don’t fight as much and as intensely as they used to, and most of the bitterness from their conversations has faded away, but these short, dry conversations that feel like a mandatory burden to both of them aren’t a big improvement.
Dean moves his gaze to Sam across the table, expecting to meet a funny look, held in laughter or something but Sam’s just. Looking normal.
also, i'm starting to realize i can't write toddler jack without dropping as much peppa pig content in as possible.
“And Cas too!” Jack says, asking Dean to give him a high five as well. Cas busies himself with cleaning up the toys, and Dean quickly distracts the kid by asking him if he’s hungry, which he claims not to be.
Cas checks the weight of the fish, and drops it to the cart, “I can’t see you as a pet name person in general.”
Mr. Kline looks empty and hopeless, but Dean, he’s all but empty, something hot boiling somewhere deep inside of him. It only comes out in the angry steps and crossed arms as he keeps walking around the hallway, only stopping whenever the hospital staff join them.
“Did... Dean say when he was coming back home?” Cas asks just when Sam’s about to leave. The tall man turns back towards him, looking confused.
He’s blushing so hard and it’s horrible, but suddenly Novak is leaning towards him, making him fall back down on the grass as he kisses him. The angle is a bit awkward and they keep their lips closed for a second, but it’s still
He likes to think it’s mostly just genes and pure luck that Jack is the most awesome little kid he’s ever known, but they can’t have done too bad with the parenting either.
Cas gives him a smile so beautiful it takes all of Dean’s willpower to hold himself from kissing the hell out of that smile.
“I was—painting”, Cas starts, struggling to speak, “I forgot the pie—” he looks around, his brain taking the situation in finally, “The alarm, I ran and I tripped—Dean, I’m sorry—"
“Are you feeling sick?” Cas worries, bringing a hand to Jack’s forehead. He’s been healthy for two days, but they’re still being very careful just in case he hasn’t shaken it all. His temperature feels normal, and Cas’s breathing gets a little easier.
“I don’t know”, Dean shrugs, chewing his bottom lip a bit. He thinks of his past relationships, most of them short and kept casual, but even with the longer ones he never really thought about it, coming here. He’s here usually on holidays, a few times a year and usually, if there was someone in his life at one of those times, they had other plans, probably.
Unfortunately, for once, after snack break Jack is content with playing in his room with all his toys that, according to him, have probably missed him during the night he’s been away. It leaves Cas with no excuses to avoid calling Dean.
Now it just feels like he’s failing Jack every time he leaves him with Dean. And not because Dean doesn’t do his job well, from what Jack tells him, and the way he cries when Dean leaves, he’s having the time of his life with the other man.
They both invited over few of their friends, and Dean’s invited his brother and his girlfriend. Most of Cas’s friends had to work so late, that they weren’t sure if they could make it, so he’s happy Dean has so many friends who could join, because it’s good for Jack to meet the people in their life.
He can see it on Cas’s face how right he is and how much the man hates it. Dean feels only slightly bad about using a shy child as an excuse to get to use the grill.
Jack eats a forkful here and there, but he’s not even halfway done when Dean arrives at the kitchen.
Dean’s sweaty and oil stained face appears from behind the open hood, frowning at the music being cut off.
Cas looks at him like he always does, but the same look he gives Dean feels different all of a sudden. Dean recognizes himself of it. It’s the way he looks at Cas, has been for years.
The kid seems okay, physically at least, looking at them quickly before turning his attention back to the toys. The lady in the cardigan asks them to sit down around the round table in the room while Jack’s focus is on the toys, brought there to distract him.
“Please tell me you got something”, he whispers to Sam on the other end of the line as he steps into the hallway to answer the call.
Benny has a slightly amused look on his face when he sips his beer. “The mother hen in you must enjoy all this.”
They choose one of the stalls that comes up next, based on the delicious looking pastries they have on display and the fact that they also sell coffee. They choose a few different pastries to taste, and Dean orders two large coffees.
They still share the house most of the time, for Jack’s sake, but barely. You can’t really say you’re living with someone if you avoid being in the same room with them at any time, let alone that you’d actually speak to each other.
They fall down to the ground but the grass beneath them is soft, so the landing is not painful. Dean lands half on top of Novak and he’s
“I already called Bobby, that I won’t make it today”, Dean explains, and takes the frying pan to the table, “Besides you sounded so tired on your voicemail I thought maybe it’s best to not have a hungry kid waiting for you.”
“Jack, maybe we should find a better place for reading”, Cas suggests as he sees someone walking down the aisle next to them, amused by the little boy on the floor, deep in his book.
The backyard is cozy with the green grass opening after the small terrace, tall fences giving privacy from the neighbors, and few trees giving shadows and shelter. There’s a huge table stacked with all kinds of food right next to the brand-new grill Dean helped Kelly bring there last week. Some guy Dean doesn’t recognize is using it, the delicious smell of food finding its way to Dean’s nose. He hasn’t eaten anything since his quick lunch break earlier that day.
He leaves out the dad thing, but it’s on his mind when he watches Cas disappear into his bedroom while he lingers on the door of his own.
He’s worried it will get awkward now that he stopped it like this, but then Cas is yawning, and it catches him too.
Getting to the second floor was surprisingly easy, because people actually walked around the main area of the second floor that was basically open, watching the artwork there, so that’s what the two of them pretended to do.
He’s just angry and annoyed, because Dean gets on his nerves so often, because he’s annoying, he’s being weird about this situation with Mick, he’s an asshole, but somehow it’s—Cas doesn’t have words for it, so instead he just runs until he can’t anymore.
It’s embarrassing, it’s not like Dean doesn’t do casual hook ups, because he does, but not with Cas, with Cas it would be huge, it would be important and not something he’d want to do sloppily while drunk.
The point of it all is that there’s this security and stability that Dean’s never really experienced before. There’s Cas who
Cas is checking if the snacks on the table need refilling when Charlie walks up to him, waving a hello to him and Jack, who is eyeing everyone from the safety of the crook of Cas’s neck.
Dean relaxes against the pillow, letting the heat in him cool down a bit, but keeping his eyes on Cas’s because if he’s not giving up, Dean won’t either. He's still wearing his suit from earlier, but he's ditched the jacket. His sleeves are covered in blood, and there are some stains on the front of his shirt as well. Dean assumes it's his, because Cas would be on a hospital bed as well if it was his own blood. Despite the pain Dean's in, and the headache Cas's worrying brings, he's damn relieved the man is okay. Not only had he gotten himself out, but Dean as well, all on his own apparently.
“I’d go crazy if it wasn’t for him”, Dean admits, “You know, Jack spotted this weird bug on our backyard, asked Cas about it, and the next thing I know, they’re googling insects, trying to figure out what the fuck it is”, he tells Benny before he can stop himself, “Took them like two hours.”
Dean rolls his eyes, trying to hold back a sigh as Cas rocks his hips a bit underneath him. He wants to, so badly.
and also being seated on top of it with Cas standing between his legs, kissing him senseless really does beat the uncomfortable seats at the laundromat. Instead the awful mix of smells at the public laundry place, the tiny bathroom smells like Cas and the waiting isn’t going to be a problem at all, considering the way Castiel’s hands works the buttons of Dean’s shirt open.
“Smile a bit, would you?” Dean says, tugging at Cas’s hand, “Your murderous look will give away our bad intentions.”
“Well, maybe you shouldn’t make fun of Bobby’s coffee machine”, Cas counters and pulls him in for a quick kiss, “but if that’s the case, we have more at home.”
Cas lets out an irritated sigh and grabs another freshly washed bed sheet. “He’s a friend of a friend”, he finally answers, “Are you happy now?”
She introduces herself as Toni Bevell, the case worker of Jack Kline’s case, and starts with what everyone else Dean’s had a conversation with has started lately.
“Oh, and I bought you that ice cream”, Dean suddenly remembers, and he’s about to get up to get it when he suddenly realizes something. Fuck.
Dean ignores Cas’s slightly disgusted expression and bumps his shoulder with his own, “Look at you, cold-heartedly helping me ditch the ladies”, he teases, “Thanks.”
Mick is handsome, a gentleman, and understanding with all this mess, but Cas is just—too angry at Dean to think rationally.
“He sure seems to think you’re his”, Meg mutters under her breath, clearly amused, “He looked at me like he wanted to rip me to shreds the second I stepped into the room.”
Cas laughs at that, and some of that unexplained tightness in Dean’s chest eases up a bit. Cas asks Dean more about his evening with Jack, and the weird tension around them fades away as they make their way to the living room.
Dean has no idea how Sam has that much power over him, but he needs to step up his game. He can’t have Sam walking around and guilt tripping him with dying people to get him to do whatever he wants.
“I ain’t taking those off for you”, he explains, because he’s too drunk and the comment Cas made earlier about them having sex is suddenly ringing in his head, and he’s too drunk to trust himself, but not drunk enough to just not give a fuck.
Jack dumping a bucket of water on Cas’s head and the content smile the child gives him when he gets his precious bracelet back make up for it, though.
Which is why Dean’s more than happy to agree for a night out when Benny calls him to check if he’s free that night. It feels like a flash of a life he used to live years ago, even if it’s not been that long in reality.
Is this idiot trying to give him tips on how to paint, too? Trying to tell him how to climb wasn’t enough?
Now Castiel can’t hold back the eye roll, but the spark in his eyes doesn’t dim one bit and Dean’s so crazy in love with him. “I bet you do.”
it ‘was your birthday a week ago’?” Dean crosses his arms, pointedly turning to look at the man next to him. “Nice try, but I cooked.”
“Yeah, it’s—” Dean starts, chuckling before he can get any further. It all sounds great, but Jack has been all over the place with energy enough to light up a whole country all evening, and that’s probably why he’s taking his time with the beer.
Jack’s mood is instantly lifted and Dean’s relieved and sad at the same time. The kid pulls them with him, and the two adult men follow the four year old down the hallway. Halfway through, Jack sends Cas to search for the book while he’ll go brush his teeth with Dean.
When he eventually goes back inside, Jack and Cas have collected all the presents on the coffee table, and Jack’s showing all the things he’s gotten, one by one, explaining excitedly what everything is and who he’s gotten it from, all while Cas asks detailed questions.
He shows some of the covers to the kid who either reaches to grab the book from him instantly, makes an almost disgusted face paired with a firm “No!” or just ignores him.
More than the fighting, he’s going to miss the blue eyes always on him, the cheekbones and the messy hair, and the voice that’s probably going to get even lower and Dean’s not gonna be there to hear it.
“Wait”, he says as Dean’s about to order a new drink, getting his attention by grabbing his arm, “MacLeod is having another event next week, at her house.” He says, as he clearly listens to the people talking.
“Yes, I understand that, but Dean”, Sam sighs, “You don’t have to spend every waking second together with him.”
out of one of Hannah’s flyers. Cas always refuses to throw them away. “We’ll write stuff like work schedules here, so we’ll avoid double booking.”
There’s a moment of tense silence, before Cas continues, giving up. “I’m free until Monday morning.”
Cas weighs his options as Jack’s eyes start to get more emotional. It doesn’t take a genius to know Jack won’t settle down before he gets what he wants, it’s right there in his eyes.
In the dark hallway, his eyes look a darker shade of blue than usually. Dean swallows before he forces an easy smile back to his lips. “Yeah, right”, he huffs and steps away from Cas’s space before he does something stupid like pushes the man back against the wall and continues into what they pretended to start just before.
Dean looks like he’s holding back a smile, “Well, birthday parties come down to three things”, he starts, “Food, decorations and company. The rest is just details.”
He greets some people coming out the front door, apparently leaving already. Their faces look vaguely familiar, so they’ve probably met at one of Kelly’s parties before, the ones with much more booze. The ones that are supposed to leave you with only vague memories of the people there.
Since Cas is working most weekdays during the office hours, they switch shifts in the afternoon as he comes to the house and Dean leaves for work, and for now they luckily haven’t needed the same nights off, so they just write it all down on the board, and that’s it.
He can’t read the expression on Cas’s face as he processes his answer, but eventually the man just nods and gives him a tight smile before rushing out.
Mick offers to drive him home, and after trying to insist on taking a cab to be polite, Cas agrees, and they get into the car.
Dean lets out a deep sigh, and drops the stare, swinging his legs over the edge of the bed to sit up. “What’s the plan?”
“Maybe I don’t, but I asked”, Dean shrugs, feeling uneasy because there’s clearly something bothering Cas. He doesn’t like feeling uneasy, “so spill. What’s wrong?”
Dean thinks they’re the cutest pair of nerds every time he sees them walking to or from the library, their tote bags full of books.
“What happened?” Dean asks softly, turning his body more towards Cas as he does, speaking on instinct more than on actual thinking.
Charlie eyes him for a moment before just shrugging, “Okay”, she says, and then, “wanna play something?”
There’s just something in libraries that whenever they go there, both him and Jack are completely forgetting everything else around them other than whatever books they’re going through at the reading corner.
Dean lets himself be dragged into this bubble of birthday high and sits down on the floor. Jack stands between him and Cas, going through the toys from the beginning again, and Dean makes sure he pays attention to all the details Jack expresses when he hands some of the presents to them for a closer look.
Dean takes the box when Cas hands it over, “It’s a good time for these guys to learn how to share”, he jokes, peeking inside the box. He hands it to Bobby, who’s already heading inside with the other man. “Make sure there’s one for me when I come back”, he says to them with a dead serious look on his face.
he is with his statement so, with his drunken brain that acts first and thinks second, Dean grabs Cas by the arm and yanks him in front of himself before he can escape. “That’s not what I meant, Cas, don’t put words into my mouth.”
Cas leans against the kitchen isle, the opposite side than they had been against last night. He had been really willing to let last night happen, but the sex was too good for him to be the only one wanting it.
“I think I’d rather shoot myself, thanks”, Dean coughs, the sweetness of the drink crawling its way back up his throat.
The sun is out and it’s quite warm, and Dean regrets he didn’t grab sunglasses with him. After the initial horror of being trapped to the stoller, Jack seems to enjoy being out as well, excitedly pointing at things and naming them.
Jody stays with him since Owen is still enjoying his time there, and she and Dean move to sit at the edge of the sandbox for Jack to play in.
“Are you playing with the animals you had with you when you were with me the last time?” Sam recognizes the toys, pointing at them. Jack looks at the dog Cas is holding, grabbing it from him and handing it towards Sam.
“Rufus brought it here yesterday for scraps, thing’s a piece of crap”, Bobby explains to Dean, before looking at Jack, “Ever been in one of those?”
Dean thought he was being clever with taking the cake duty, but as he had discussed the cake business with Jack, turns out the kid had quite a few ideas for it.
He does remember the good time, and it brings a grin to his face, but he doesn’t remember her name. They met once, months ago, so he thinks he doesn’t have to.
Sam raises his brows knowingly. “Just try not to spend all this free time crying over the kid, okay?”
Which is a big mistake, because the way Cas looks like standing there, further down the hallway, makes him not want to leave but to lock the front door and live the rest of his life in this house with Cas and Jack.
“Good”, Dean breathes out and lets go of something he didn’t even realize he was holding inside, “Good.”
“Caas…” Dean singsongs, hooking his chin on Cas’s shoulder, “It’s rude to sleep through the Christmas morning brunch.” It wouldn't be, really, everyone would understand but Dean just likes to annoy the grumpy burrito that Cas seems to be in the mornings.
“It’s only for about an hour”, Dean says on the phone, “He knows you the best out of everyone, and he’s probably sleeping anyway. Kid’s a chick magnet, so you should invite Eileen.”
“Cas—” he starts, but doesn’t know how to continue, and Cas is gone anyway, out to the backyard before he could figure out what to say. Whatever.
When he’s running out of things to clean and Jack is content watching Paw Patrol on TV, Cas goes to the kitchen to see how Dean’s doing.
“Yes, it was nice to sleep in”, he says and Dean just nods, because it really was. It’s so rare you get to wake up without an alarm
“No, sorry”, Dean cuts him off, surprised by the friendly tone of his own words, “Of course you can stay.”
“No”, Dean states as he looks back down on his brother on the couch. Eileen next to him is holding a giggle. Dean’s happy Jo and Charlie are somewhere outside.
“We don’t get much dads around here, so I guess it’s interesting”, she shrugs. Dean feels guilty for not correcting Jo about the dad part, but it’s not a conversation he wants to have with a stranger.
They have a silent fight over it while Jack is playing in the living room, and they both end up canceling their plans.
“Good”, Dean sighs in relief, looking around for a place where he could safely put Jack down. The garage ain’t exactly a toddler friendly environment. The kid twists his head to give him an angry glance, wiggling his legs in the air, asking for freedom.
Sam rolls his eyes at that, flicking some soap from his hands at his big brother, dropping the subject.
“I’m not exactly paying attention to Garth”, he says, looking pointedly at Dean and, oh, is he really implying what Dean thinks he is?
After that, he finally looks at Cas, too late to see if he took a sip of his drink or not. The man doesn’t meet his eyes even though he has to be aware of Dean’s staring.
Dean hums in agreement. Jack moves his finger to the next face in the picture. “That’s you”, he names, even if the picture is blurry because they were unaware they were being filmed and he’s just moving.
Cas and Dean share a hopeless look, before getting out of the living room. There’s coffee ready from earlier, and Dean pours two cups, handing one to Cas.
“Hey, kiddo”, Dean laughs in surprise when he hugs the kid close. Cas reaches the others in a bit slower manner, trying not to spill the coffee he’s carrying, nodding his greetings to the men.
Cas picks him up in his arms to comfort him and walks back to the fridge with the kid, showing him the Paw Patrol lunch box, “Guess who’s left us a surprise in the fridge?”
There was a time when Dean met his friends mostly late at night, in a crowded bar or at someone’s house with a beer in his hands.
“Could ask you the same thing”, Dean says, leaning casually against the bar. It’s not unusual for them to run into each other when they’re working jobs, but it’s always just as annoying, “We got this.”
Cas is usually away if it’s his night off, probably at his own apartment. If he’s at the house, he takes awfully long baths or watches weird movies in the living room while Dean reads the third book in a row in an attempt to make Jack fall asleep.
“I’m just saying”, Charlie ends her explanation that Dean’s mostly missed. “She’s a yoga instructor.”
The bar had gotten surprisingly crowded as the night went on, and Benny had done well with dropping him with a group of women before leaving home to Andrea. Dean grins as he glances to his left, at the brunette sleeping next to him.
“Yes, Cas, I understood you the fifteenth time you mentioned it”, he comments while he puts his jacket on, standing by the living room door. Being on toddler duty first thing in the morning is not ideal, but it is what it is.
“He was really into my essay drafts so you might want to start to look into colleges”, Sam says, and Dean groans, sitting down on the nearest armchairs, Jack instantly climbing to his lap.
Dean wonders if they teach new parents that after having a child, you won’t take a shit alone ever again, but he thinks they should warn about that. He and Cas jumped right into the deep end with this parenting thing, but a heads up would’ve been nice.
Watching a nameless action movie at home on a Friday night is a surprisingly okay way to spend time. The movie is entertaining enough, but doesn’t require much thinking, and you still get to be with someone without actually having to talk about anything, or to try to be—anything.
“Right. Well, you two definitely fit the part”, Sam comments, huffing out a laugh when he’s survived the almost choking, “though the energy around you two is more... divorced.”
“Enough about me, Cas”, Meg waves him off after only a short conversation she’s allowed Cas to lead. “Your turn.”
“Hey, at least the hair on his face ain’t a problem anymore”, Dean points out, but his authority is crumbled to pieces with the colorful hair pins on his head, “Problem solved.”
But Bobby had taken them in, fed them, helped them with homework and made them feel good and safe. Bobby helped them forget the tense situation at home for a moment, teaching Dean everything about cars as soon as he was old enough to be handed some tools.
Cas is listening to Jack with interest, but he can’t help his eyes flicking towards Dean every now and then. Something warm settles in his chest as he listens to the two talk.
And they’re cuddling, again. Dean considers waking Cas up, but it would be cruel, the man is clearly tired as fuck to fall asleep in such an uncomfortable position. His fingers start absentmindedly drawing figures on Cas’s shoulder as he pretends to focus on the movie.
The choice of his words leaves them both taken aback, followed by a moment of them trying to ignore the fact that they’re just staring at each other, and the fact that the weird choice of words is true: Jack is
Dean flips the pancake on the pan, and it makes a sizzling sound as it hits the hot surface, “I guess. I have no plans.”
Dean steps into the small bathroom. “Remember what happened before, when we had to wash it? It got all wet and icky.” Jack doesn’t answer.
Sam clears his throat, “Okay, enough.” He waves a hand in the space between them, trying to force them to break the staring. “You better start liking each other”, he adds, opening another dusty, old spell book, “You can’t look suspicious around the party, or someone will notice you sneaking around.”
“Bring yourself a fancier machine if you want”, Bobby grunts, glaring at Dean but he doesn’t sound like he’s actually mad.
“What up, dads?” she greets them with a beer in her hand. She’s wearing a costume that looks so not hers, the way she’s tugging at the hem constantly, it’s clear it’s from Charlie’s closet.
“No”, Dean shrugs, leaning against the door frame, “good dates just don’t end that early in my experience.”
The first time worked well, because the poor thing had no idea medicine is pure torture that tastes like ass, and agreed to take the spoonful, which of course left to disgust and cries of betrayal.
The first thing he sees when he creaks the back door open is a small cloud of smoke in the air, floating at his direction, and as his gaze follows towards the source of it, he finds Cas, sitting at the far end of the terrace, leaning against his thighs, blowing another cloud of smoke out.
“I am going—” Cas’s instinct is to say home, but it would be confusing for Jack, since this is his home. Cas doesn’t want Jack thinking this isn’t his home too because it is, but only half of the time. It’s his home when he’s there with Jack, but his home is also back at his apartment, when it’s Dean’s turn to be with Jack.
He drops his hand, and maybe it’s the intimacy of the dark night and just the two of them there, but Dean finds himself saying, “You’ll figure it out. If that would make you happier, you should do it. You’ll figure the rest out.” He clears his throat, “People would want you to be happy.”
Their conversation switches to the day behind them, Cas talks about the crazy shift he had, Dean tells about the day he had with the kids, about the crying about nougat and the principal’s office, and the look on Claire’s face when she finally found the right toy.
It takes Dean a bit longer to arrive back home than anticipated, which Jack starts to get anxious over, because making a deal about being home in time to put him to bed is as serious as making a blood oath. Cas makes the mistake of telling Jack it’s bedtime soon, bringing on an emotional storm about why
Cas shifts closer, and Dean holds his breath as the man hooks his foot around his ankle. He should wake them up. Cas presses his nose against Dean’s shoulder, and he can feel the warm huffs of breath through the fabric.
Cas’s tone is so soft it feels like a warm, soothing touch when he speaks to Dean, “You’re not your dad, but you are one.”
He keeps his eyes on Cas instead, trying to keep himself from pushing Jo and Charlie away, when Cas still doesn’t respond.
Castiel had moved into the city for work, and he lived somewhere nearby the laundry place. He had the luxury of having an own washing machine in his bathroom. Luckily for Dean, the company where he had ordered it from sucked at delivery and he had to use the public laundry room for now.
The brunette opens her mouth, but before she can say anything, Dean gives her a quick peck on the lips before he escapes her hold, “This was fun”, he says, “I’ll call you.”
He’s going for a joking tone, but the swallow at the end of his question, and the way he’s failing in trying to not drop his gaze anywhere below Cas’s chin, are taking the power off his joke.
Cas glances at Rowena, who’s surrounded by a crowd of people on the other side of the room. “Maybe we can get ourselves invited.”
“Everything”, Dean groans, and it’s like a gate that holds all his frustration in is opened with that word, “We’re on each other's faces all the time, and we’re the worst people to be trapped in the same place”, he lets out a dry laugh, tapping a finger on the kitchen table, “This moment, right now, is probably the first time, since we moved in here, that we’re not together. We’re trapped with each other twenty-four seven.”
By the sound of it, Dean sits up as well. “So, uh... “ he starts, maybe with a chuckle, Cas is not sure.
He awkwardly opens a drawer to make it look like he’s actually doing something and not just hiding, but he’s doing it too late to make it look real.
“Cas, hey.” He aims for a cool tone that manages to be the cringiest sounding thing he’s ever let out of his mouth.
“That’s your kid?” he asks, nodding towards the picture and Cas hums an affirmative. Mick doesn’t ask about the third person in the picture, and Cas wonders if he should explain.
Cas blinks himself awake when someone shifts underneath him. When he looks up, he meets Dean’s green eyes, huge up close. It takes him a moment to realize he’s cuddling the other man, but as he does, he gently pushes himself further away, apologizing.
Dean’s hands are restless, wandering around Cas’s body like they couldn’t stop until they’ve mapped every inch of his skin, from the strong biceps to the collarbone, and down at the skin of his sides, feeling the muscles twitch as he grazes his fingertips there. It’s like there’s so much he wants to do to Cas, he can’t make himself choose where to start. He whispers the question against the skin of Cas’s stomach when he trails kisses down there, hands sliding up and down the strong thighs Dean never thought he’d see up close, like this.
“But it could be”, Meg counters with her evil grin, that’s way too familiar to Cas, and it usually means trouble.
“You, after you’ve cried in the shower”, Charlie answers Dean’s question. The man grabs a beer from the fridge and shuts the door with his hip.
He pours some more pancake mix into the frying pan, and steps aside to give room to Cas, who’s going to the fridge to grab his lunch before he leaves, tapping on his phone while he does.
But thinking that he could just sleep with Cas and be okay with it the morning after takes the cake by far, because never in his life has he been
“Oops, I think your phone is ringing”, Charlie informs him, showing Cas’s caller ID to him when she hands the phone towards him.
They don’t talk about Cas’s date anymore, but drink the silly juices, talking mostly about Jack. Dean goes through their evening, explaining in detail about a game Jack came up with, and how the rules made no logical sense either to him or to the kid.
Cas rolls his eyes, irritated about Dean’s good mood, especially when he had to work overtime again, “I’ll go get some fresh air”, he states and goes out through the back door.
“It’s completely fine, if it feels like too much sometimes”, Hannah points out, and goes on about sleeping arrangements that could work or some shit. Cas is paying attention, so he gives himself a moment to zone off, watching Jack play with the toys instead, calm as a baby koala for once.
“Oh. Nah, it’s cool”, Dean shrugs, “Jack’s good company enough, when he’s not throwing a temper tantrum.”
It’s just that he usually gives some, but now he just walks out of his bedroom and leaves the house in his running gear without even glancing at Dean’s direction.
Charlie sighs and shakes her head to herself, before looking up at Dean again, “Well”, she deadpans, staring into his eyes, “Do you want to be exclusive with Cas?”
shorts for the bottom half of his look, with a t-shirt that has a pattern made out of sequins so you can switch the print from a heart to a star during the party.
Dean goes for the doorknob, and the door opens easily, it’s not even locked. They step inside, taking in the tiny room, looking around for any places to stash a cursed object. There are tall bookshelves filling up two walls from floor to ceiling, and an antique, wooden table by the window, that’s framed with thick, purple velvet curtains.
There’s just one thing still nagging in Dean’s head, not leaving him alone, making his cheeks burn even to think about it, but it’s something he has to address now.
When they get their order, they walk down the main path for a moment before there’s a convenient spot between two stalls to go through with strollers, and Dean gets an idea. He takes the turn, Cas confusedly following after them.
“I’m already scared what happens when we put sugar in this system”, Dean says, swaying a little when Jack next to him jumps.
Jack looks like he’s sleeping on the bed, and he probably is, looking pale and powerless, and Dean is thinking about the night of the accident. He registers the nurse saying it’s nothing too serious, but looking at Jack there, Dean has a hard time making his brain believe those words.
Dean looks around the room they’re in, the only one in the house where he doesn’t belong at all. The bed, the drawers by the wall, the closed curtains, a pile of Cas’s clothes on a chair. Jack hugs Rebecca Rabbit close to his chest as he turns to his side. Dean stares at the empty pillow next to Jack, the one where Cas will eventually put his head when he joins the kid.
“Nerd”, Dean says, but he sounds more affectionate than he aimed for, “When’s your birthday anyway?”
He puts it down on the table, fiddling with the straw, and for the first time after a short moment, he’s staring down instead of Dean.
“One day, hopefully.” Benny sounds so uncharacteristically sappy it takes the power off of Dean’s teasing and he rolls his eyes, even if he’s happy for his friend. Being with Andrea looks good on him in a way none of his previous dates have.
“Wow! Look at these, Sam has the same”, Jack beams, turning to show the markers to Dean and Cas who are standing at the doorway.
Jack takes a firm hold of the steering wheel, knuckles white when he holds it like his life depends on it, “No!”
“Oh my God, Dean”, Charlie groans, dropping her head to her hands, “Are you seriously thinking that?”
“Sam talks about you so much I feel like I already know you”, Eileen says to Dean, before turning to look at Cas, “Nice to meet you too, Castiel.”
Every coherent thought that has ever crossed Dean’s mind is gone when Cas places the condom on the head of his dick and his lips on top of it, going down as he rolls it down with his hands. He keeps one hand at the base of Dean’s dick, running his tongue from the base all the way to the top, before closing his lips around the head, pushing down.
“I was right about ordering wine, you had that look”, Meg mutters to herself, taking her glass to make her point, “Shoot.”
Which, right now as Cas makes a small sound against his lips, parting them a little, seems like the most ridiculous thing ever, because as messy and as awkward angled the kiss is, it’s a pretty fucking great one.
“No problem”, Dean turns to look at Cas, “You sure you have everything? ‘Cause if you forget something, you’re gonna live without it for the week.”
Dean is using all his willpower to not grab the glass of orange juice on the tray and pour it on Cas’s head.
Benny just hums, smiling at him and for some reason Dean wishes he would just make fun of him instead.
Cas is pouring himself a quick cup of coffee in the break room when his phone rings. He’s already running late, so he considers just ignoring the call completely. The day’s been hell enough already, and he’s not even halfway through it yet. The phone keeps ringing, so eventually he digs it from his pocket, answering the call hastily while grabbing his things from the table.
He’s too tired to hide whatever the fuck he’s feeling right now, so he doesn’t answer any calls or texts, hoping that they’ll think he’s just busy with the kid or some shit.
In addition to general toddler things, there’s a whole bunch of other things Dean’s never even thought about.
“Visiting the hospital today got me thinking about—that night”, he says, briefly looking away from Cas like he had back at the hospital.
“But I made it for you specifically”, Dean says. He’s made sure it didn’t have too much salt or other seasoning that he’s read from somewhere that toddlers shouldn’t eat too much.
“No.” A familiar, female voice says from the door, and they spin around to Rowena, standing by the door, faking a sad expression, “It’s not.”
Cas is talking about pizza, but his words hit somewhere deeper, and not because he gives Dean free time away from the stove with his offer. He is talking about pizza, so why does his words feel like a hug to that part of Dean that might’ve finished the conversation differently?
Cas has an urge to open his beer, and he doesn’t really know why. He has never met this man before, but Benny seems annoying, the way Dean smiles this smile to him.
Dean does his best not to think about what his answer implies, and if Cas gets it, “No. I always give a second chance, so you can try again next year.”
“I just moved into the neighborhood and don’t have my washing machine in yet”, he tells Dean as he puts the coins in one by one.
By the look on Cas’s face, he definitely caught what Dean slipped out, his mouth slightly open when it catches him off guard.
“And this is another thing”, Dean says, “I don’t mind him being shy, but he’s just straight up scared of people. I mean, you I understand”, he jokes, making some joke of his little brother's massive hair and tall features, “But he’s like that with everybody other than me or Cas.”
Dean and Cas exchange a look. Dean shrugs again. Would be cruel to chop the kid’s hair off if he’s a fan of the horrible overgrown look that makes him look like a tiny version of Sam.
“Good thinking”, Cas chuckles, awkwardly arranging the pile of some papers he’d gone through already on the kitchen counter.
Dean mirrors his smile. To be honest, he’s happy the kid’s already asleep, because no one looks forward to that battle. But that kind of was his weird reason to come home, so he doesn’t know what to do now, if not that.
“He’s three, give him time”, Dean chuckles. There’s a second of silence where they just stare at each other. Cas thinks if should say something, but Dean gets up.
“Wow”, Dean admires, “That’s the coolest race track I’ve ever seen”, he praises, earning a wide proud smile from Jack. “Good job.”
If there weren’t lives at stake in this, Dean would blow this cover right away and turn to look at Cas just to see the struggle he’s probably going through in attempting to hide the shock or anger in his face.
“So, how are you all doing?” Sam asks once they have steaming cups in hand. Jack is emptying his tiny dinosaur backpack to the floor right next to Dean’s chair, not daring to move further away.
Dean just stares at him, expression serious. He takes a breath in through his mouth, something shifting softer on his face but only for a second, before the walls are back up again, and his eyes turn hard.
He met Lisa’s parents once half on accident, when they were visiting her, but Dean never asked her, or anyone else, to join him here.
Dean stares at Cas’s disheveled, shirtless look, with the jeans undone, and he’s suddenly very glad somewhere along the way he’s managed to knock the cowboy hat off his head, because he probably would be done by now if he was still wearing it.
Luckily, they don’t have to wait for a long time at the ER before they’re guided to a room to wait for a doctor. Jack is barely awake in Dean’s arms, pale and burning hot, too tired to even cry anymore, and to them it’s an alarming sign that everything is not okay.
Cas just rolls his eyes at him and gets out of the car, forcing Dean to shake himself out of it to do the same.
When Cas speaks, he sounds like he’s never been more sure about anything, “I don’t know your father, but I can assure you Jack is lucky to have you as his father.”
That point is reached after breakfast on day three, when Jack is quickly bored even if they’re playing with his favorite toy animals. He does not handle being bored well.
“I am regretting this already”, Cas mutters to himself, before staring firmly at Dean again, like he did before, “No more surprises.”
“People whose co-parents have called dibs on the Friday night”, Dean answers anyway, giving a pointed look to the man on the couch, “I blame this on you. Drinking on a Wednesday sucks.”
Cas doesn’t say anything right away, there’s sounds of something cooking on the stove on his end of the line, Jack’s sound is distant in the background.
There’s a short brunette smirking at them from the kitchen door, “What are you doing here all of a sudden?”
Cas bites down a smile, giving Dean a funny look, “I’m sorry, is there a wedding happening where I possibly could do that?”
Dean takes a deep breath, and hates how much he has to hold himself back from screaming at the child.
“You do realize I have to leave for work at eight, right?” he asks for the hundredth time that evening.
“Yeah!” the kid almost screams, jumping and giggling, and his joy is so catching they both mirror the kid’s wide smile.
i have a fake dating curse that makes me write fake dating everywhere it's somehow possible, so there's the tiniest bit of fake dating in this chapter because i can't help it, it just happens. there's also other things in this chapter, a barbecue and stuff.
The more guests arrive, the easier it gets to avoid each other, because there’s so much to do: guests to entertain, snacks tables to maintain and gifts to help Jack open, things like that.
When he steps into the living room, Cas is lying on the couch where he forced him to be, channel surfing with a bored look on his face.
“I think that’s his way of telling you to go and chat with her”, Cas adds, and puts the cutlery over the pile of plates.
Cas shakes his head, “No, I was just wondering”, he explains and just forces a smile on his face. “Thank you, for bringing him home.”
Jack had held him from his index finger, hugging his hand as Cas sat on the floor next to the bed, his voice tiny and hopeful when he asked, “And you too?”
Keeping up with a regular eating schedule even for the sake of Jack is not a strength for Cas, and some days it feels like if Dean wasn’t there looking after the two and reminding them to eat something, they probably wouldn’t remember to do it until it’s too late.
Cas is sitting on the stairs of the backyard terrace with Jack, and Dean brings the kid a plate of food, cutting his steak into small pieces before leaving the grill on its own for a moment to join them on the stairs.
Dean can imagine the shock of a three-year-old who sees another person in his home, where he’s twenty-four seven only with the two people he’s comfortable enough to interact with.
Dean’s weirdly nervous about Cas joining them, because as stupid as it sounds, going to the park has kind of been his and Jack’s thing. He’s not worried that Cas would ruin the mood but more about Jack loving being out with Cas so much he’s not gonna enjoy the park trips with him anymore.
Cas walks past Jack to the coffee machine, silently grabbing a mug and pouring himself a big cup of coffee, even if it feels like the first morning in a long time he doesn’t actually need it that much.
“Jack, I have to get dressed, come on”, he calls after him. He’s not going to leave him without supervision for a second, not with that much energy in him.
And it’s not like it was Dean’s first hook up, so Cas really thought he would handle it better, and even if he seems to regret it that much, it’s not like he can put all the blame on Cas, they were both having the sex that caused all this.
Cas is still at work for an hour or so, but Dean calls Bobby if it’s okay that he stays home for today, which his uncle of course agrees to. Then he texts Cas about it, just to give him a heads up. Next, he calls Jody.
“Just that it’s almost nine and you’ve got half a beer into your system”, Benny explains, nodding towards the half drunk beer, “Figured you’d be thrilled to be out on an actual weekend, going crazy with the booze and the beautiful people.”
“I know what you’re going to say, Dean, so I’d rather have you not say it at all”, he says, hoping to end it there.
(also, as you can see i've edited the number of chapters, because you know what? there's always been 14 of them, but i'm an idiot who can't count i guess, i've literally thought this is a 13 chapter fic hahah)
Four rounds later, three of which made Dean drink, one of Charlie’s coworkers raises his hand, saying he’s got a good one. He’s a bit younger than most of them, around Sammy’s age maybe, full of this
Claire pulls out all her clothes from her closet to the floor and they try to come up with an outfit for the birthday party tomorrow, Dean looks up a YouTube tutorial for a specific kind of braid Claire wants to have tomorrow, but it’s hard since she won’t let anyone go near her hair with a brush. Jack builds a Lego tower but it’s too high and it falls down. Fortunately the three of them manage to fix it together before he has a breakdown over it.
He parks the strollers next to the fence, on the other side of the playground than the other parents, lets Jack out and hands him the toys from the storage space underneath the stroller seat.
Like she was summoned, Charlie appears next to him and sits down on the edge of the terrace where he’s glaring at the grill on the other end of it.
His drawing gets Jack’s interest too, “What’s that?” the kid asks, trying to stand up on his chair to see Cas’s drawing. He lifts it for him to see before the kid falls down.
They have a meeting with the shrink a few days after that horror of a night, and the guilt still sits heavy in his gut, to the point he actually apologizes Cas to it, his tired brain following only after Cas gives him a surprised look.
The early evening goes along quite nicely, they have just the right number of guests to have a good time, but not too much to not have time to talk to everybody. People have fallen into smaller groups around the table on the terrace and another one they found in the garage and brought out to the grass.
When he looks back up, he notices that Cas has fallen asleep as well, in his half-seated position, leaning against the headboard, arm protectively around Jack.
“I can’t, Dean, we only have this one paint bucket”, Novak starts and Dean holds back a groan, when he continues, “I would have to return here to get more paint and then it would drip all over—” and then Dean really can’t hold in any annoyed noises.
“Hey”, Cas says softly, much closer this time, and Dean jolts a little when a pair of hands wrap around his wrists, pulling his palms away from his eyes.
“I haven’t gotten used to the idea of him going to preschool one day and you’re talking about colleges.”
Which is fine and understandable, and Dean doesn’t mind the time off from his own work, but there are limits for just how long he is able to entertain a toddler.
“That’s right”, he agrees with the kid, nodding firmly as they smile to each other, “The most important.”
“That—” Cas starts. He breathes, dropping his eyes again before continuing with a quiet voice, “That you wouldn’t love me too. I didn’t think you’d love me too.”
“Dean!” he tries to get the man’s attention, but he’s buried behind the hood of the impala, music blasting so loud he can’t hear Cas. He gets his attention eventually when he walks over to the speakers, unplugging Dean’s phone from it, making the music cut off instantly.
“It’s your birthday this weekend, I thought we could celebrate early since you’re working then”, Cas explains quietly, “I just got so deep into the new painting.”
“Animals”, Jack says around the fingers he’s brought up to his mouth, a thing he does when he’s nervous.
“We’ll be fine”, Sam assures with a smile, probably reading him like a book, when Cas can’t bring himself to leave. He stays at the door until the two of them have disappeared around the corner, fallen into a conversation.
Phone tucked between his ear and shoulder, he stops dead on his tracks when he hears someone crying on the other end.
“Did you just–did you just text him?” she manages, eyes travelling between Dean and the phone next to her, “Are you that desperate to avoid the conversation?”
Dean lets his eyes wander on Lisa, from his pretty brunette hair all the way down and up. She’s smiling at Jo, looking really pretty as she does, but Dean’s too annoyed about that weird situation with Cas’s friend to properly focus on whatever Charlie’s telling him.
The bedroom door opens as Dean steps in to deliver the bedtime story book Jack had requested. He crosses the room and hands it over to Cas.
“Of course you’d think like that because you’re boring”, Charlie rolls her eyes, “It’s my birthday, dude. A huge annual thing, deserves its own piece of cardboard”, she claims firmly, before adding, “Also I’m, like, super bored at work.”
Cas smiles and chuckles at that, thankful for Mick’s thoughtful and considerate character, and that he’s not asking anything else. The man gives him a peck on the cheek, before letting go of his hand and leaving.
“If you would look at it from a distance you can see it’s just off”, Dean waves a hand at the tree he’s now observing from a further away. He spots the way Jo’s hung up the tinsel, and rushes to grab it, “Just put it more evenly, you already have one here—"
“Cas—” Dean starts, but Cas just drops his eyes at their feet, shaking his head a bit as his mood changes completely.
When he decides he’s tortured the man enough, he rewards him with a second one, but keeps his pace really slow still.
Jack doesn’t want to sleep alone in his room, so Cas takes the kid with him to sleep in his bed, because it’s bigger than the one in the guest room.
“Sure, looks great”, Dean gives the kid a thumbs up, and he runs back to the door to put the shoes on too.
Bobby’s expression stays unfazed when he just gestures at the chair like he was waiting for this, and Dean sits back down. Dean rubs a hand over his face, trying to make sense into whatever’s flooding around his head.
Cas’s phone is buzzing in his pocket when he’s closing Jack’s bedroom door after the kid has fallen asleep for his nap. He gets his phone out, unlocking the screen to see a message from Mick, asking if he’s home.
The only differences being that he’s not looking at Dean anymore and the fact that Dean can’t joke about his grumpy appearance.
“There’s always the guest room”, Cas smiles smugly, but it gets shyer quickly after that, “I already called my landlord that I’m ending my contract.”
Cas can’t be too mad about it really, looking at the two being genuinely so happy about their little fort. Jack explains excitedly all the things they’ve done there today, Dean nodding along, confirming his stories, and prompting Jack to tell more.
“Hey, Jack?” Dean starts, trying to get the kid’s attention. He’s too busy jumping on the cushions. “How would you feel if you had to go to Sam’s again?”
“You don’t have to be scared of him, kid”, Dean talks as he takes the tiny shoes off him, “I know he’s really tall, but Sam’s cool.”
“How has your week been?” she asks, as she motions the two of them to sit at the table, after guiding Jack to play with the toys.
“He was being a dick to Alex!” Claire whines when Dean asks why she had to knock her classmate over at the cafeteria.
“Maybe I should.” Cas reaches up to meet Dean’s kiss, grabbing his arm to pull himself properly up to get a better access to his lips. When he’s sitting up, they awkwardly shift around, finally cramming themselves to lie down again with Cas half on top of Dean, one leg between his as the kisses, while still slow like they got all the time in the world, start to get more heated.
“She would’ve stabbed you if I hadn't been annoying”, Dean says with a heated tone, eyes heavy as he remembers the pain Cas was under when they were tied down. “Besides, I’m fine, so get off my ass”, he adds with a little less emotion to it, “and stop staring.”
Dean grabs himself a soda from the cooler while he’s crouching close to it. He grins as he knocks the soda against the beer bottle in Benny’s hands, “Food and people, what’s better?”
When the pile of books is getting too tall, Cas grabs Jack from the floor and stacks the books under the stroller seat.
Bobby really made them a bed. A bed, one bed, Dean’s old bed, to be exact, a bed that has been too tiny for Dean for years, and that’s when he sleeps on it
Aside from the tableware, they had gotten party hats, decorations for the tables outside, ribbons to hang around the house and the backyard, balloons in every possible color and a huge, golden balloon shaped like the number four.
“Yeah, well, if you behave, maybe Santa will allow you to finally get your first kiss”, he mock-smiles at his brother. He drops his hand from Cas’s arm before he continues, “We were going to the store, before you
“Some lame parents we are, home so early we should be ashamed of ourselves”, Dean talks while he makes his way to the fridge.
The smell of pancakes hits him the second he steps out to the hallway, and he follows that to the kitchen, finding Dean by the stove, turning a pancake around the pan, a big pile of them already on the plate on the counter next to him.
“Yeah”, Dean hums, explaining then, “We tried to get each other to drink more water, but it was a project that didn’t work so well”, and after a beat, he adds like a thought said out loud:
He’s trying to do a million things at a time when he has to go through the shopping list to make sure he has everything while constantly moving the shopping cart from the way when someone is trying to get through the narrow aisles
, I don’t care!” he turns fully towards Novak this time. Novak stares back at him, challenging look on his face. His hair looks darker than normally, being damp with sweat but as messy as always. It really brings out the blue of his eyes and it’s annoying. “Why don’t you focus on painting this stupid wall as fast as you can, and we can get out of here?”
Lisa glances briefly behind her, at Cas’s direction, before smiling to herself, eyes down at her feet. “Figured”, she chuckles like she’s not surprised at all, shaking her head a bit. “The girls wouldn’t leave me alone if I didn’t at least ask.”
?” Cas quotes him, getting Dean out of his head before he can fall too much into the thought that he just got to kiss Cas.
“I thought I’d save you the trouble”, he speaks to Dean’s back as the man sits on the bed, pulling his jeans on.
They’re obviously too big for Jack, which causes small emotional breakdowns every now and then, when he gets mad at them falling off his wrist. One morning, during an incident like this, Dean takes the bracelet and cuts the thing in half, tying it so that it fits Jack’s wrist better and he can drink his coffee without anyone screaming at him.
“I was a teenager who knew how to get drunk without a game”, Cas says back, taking a sip before the game even started.
The light on the backyard balcony is on, and without thinking about it, he goes to check what Cas is doing outside.
As if on cue, Jack wraps his hands around his leg, hugging it as he looks up at Jo from behind Dean, like she’s the scariest thing in the world.
“Just go, you dads”, Sam rolls his eyes, practically pushing the two out of the apartment, closing the door in front of their noses.
“No, no, you’re right”, Dean nods. It’s not like their living situation is normal anyway, so they might as well have weird ways to deal with it. Beats fighting all the time, probably. “I’ll book the next Friday night free, if you don’t have dibs on it.”
Jack climbs down and says he’ll grab some more toys from his room, running away and leaving the two alone for a moment.
Jack crouches to look at Dean’s foot that has no visible injuries. “I think you need a band-aid”, he says without looking up, and that manages to lift the corners of Dean’s mouth a bit.
“It’s not like I have ‘lesbian’ tattooed to my forehead”, Charlie rolls her eyes, sipping the hot beverage, “How he would’ve known that?”
The thing is, Dean could lie and save himself from the embarrassment of it all. But he doesn’t really want to lie to Cas, so he nods.
The friendly smiles he gets from the others boosts his confidence enough to sit down, holding Jack in his lap, the poor thing fisting the front of his shirt in fear. Dean opens the container where he has some snacks prepared for the kid, and prays that he’ll eat them, now that there are eyes on them, watching how he handles Jack.
Dean lives in a small studio apartment, and Cas’s apartment wasn’t exactly child proof either, so the solution they proposed seemed like the best for the situation. Kelly’s apartment is big enough for the three of them, there’s three bedrooms, one that’s Jack’s and one that’s Kelly’s old room, and a small guest room.
It has been almost three weeks since the washing machine in their building’s laundry room broke. Not that Dean was a huge fan of doing the laundry in general, going all the way to a public laundry place to wash the clothes was extra shitty. And since Sam always found a way to be somewhere else when they needed clean clothes, it was usually Dean’s job to wash them.
Dean huffs out a breath, and with the relief comes the embarrassment of his own stupidness, “I’m sorry. That was stupid.”
Because it’s huge, right? It feels pretty huge. So, you can’t just drop something like that to a kid. They can’t fuck it up, so there’s no half assing this. When it comes to Jack, neither of them wants to take any risks, it needs to be done right.
Cas steps forward, past Dean, holding his hand out, “Yes, thank you for letting me join, Mr. Singer—"
He tries to keep the lump in his throat away to keep his tone light, because he doesn’t want to put any more of this on Jack’s shoulders. “To me and Cas, you are what’s most important in the whole world.”
Just a small shift on Cas’s expression manages to make him look so scared Dean is quickly correcting himself, “No, no, no, I mean”, he shifts his hands so that he’s holding Cas’s more properly, “Not that, no, I want to, Cas but—"
he knows everything about toddlers, there’s something new coming up he had no idea was going to be an issue.
Dean swallows down the guilt that comes with hearing the question and tries to smile, “He’ll be here tomorrow.”
Cas is not sure if you can even call it a fight if it’s just him being a reasonable person and Dean managing to irritate him in every way possible.
Cas makes a gesture asking if it’s okay that he takes the call inside, and Dean nods, already heading towards Jack.
“Yeah, that machine always has some problems”, Dean explains as he gets up to help. He notices how the man doesn’t step away as he gets into his space to work on the buttons, but stays close, watching Dean.
Dean’s way to deal with it all is that he projects it all to Cas, who in return projects all his shit to him, and it feels like if Jack is not screaming or whining about something, they’re screaming at each other. If they’re not fighting about something stupid, it’s because one of them has stormed out, only to come back after a moment, staying silent until it’s time to scream again.
