This was why you don’t have sex with Alphas. You let them in once, literally, and they start acting all possessive like cavemen. Yeah, no fun, Tony thought and ignored the part of his Omega nature who preened at the blond’s actions. No, absolutely not, horny Tony was grounded for the next weeks and should absolutely think about his actions, the situation he got them all into.
The genius complied naturally and stretched his wrist out with a slow sigh. As Steve tightened the bracelet around his small wrists the Omega’s mind swooned with want, the light touch of the man spurring on his inner want.
“Hello Mr. Johnson! What do you mean, sir? I’m just preparing to present my project,” he admitted with raised eyebrow.
They should have known better, both of them. Harley was raised not to present his inner Alpha this strongly whenever he encountered another Alpha, not to challenge someone's dominance like, like a feral animal. Sure, he just wanted to protect his mother, which Tony’s inner Omega secretly made proud, but this wasn’t the solution.
At least his friends made it seem close to a normal school day, well, except Ned who kept asking the man question after question. And to have thought his best friend would have been used to the presence of earth’s mightiest heroes already after knowing Peter for years now. At least MJ was acting the same as ever, making sarcastic comments and talking to Peter about the project.
The slap to his butt was worth it if you asked Tony. Though his pleading was successfully after all, feeling the hot tongue retreating from his ass and another pair of hips lining up with his rear. He it comes, he thought blissfully, already gripping the sheets for sheer support.
Tony looked up at the outburst, eyes now trained on the other man for the first time since he started talking, the dominant scent flooding his nose and making him dizzy for a split second. Alpha anger in fact.
The others, including Steve, looked at the grumpy ex-assassin dumbfounded until the laughter started from anew. The blond Alpha bending over and slapping his knee due to the hilarious situation.
Okay first of all thank you all so much! I can't even describe how thankful I am for all the sweet comments and the many reads this story already got. To be honest I never would have imagined this...
When reaching the entrance of the lab Steve followed Peter’s instructions closely, taking out the small sheet of paper he scribbled the numbers onto right after the pup vanished from his sight.
“First of all, it’s Alpha. Second, you’re going to come on my cock and my cock alone tonight. Are we clear, Omega?”
All of sudden a low growl behind the Omega ripped the genius from panicking further, which he was thankful for, if only his maternal Omega instincts wouldn’t scream at him desperately.
As the movie kept on running the Alpha beside Tony started smelling something off. Looking across the room the pack leader didn’t notice anything unusual, just a few already sleeping Avengers, some watching the movie lazily cuddled up and, well Tony petting Harley. Nothing out of the ordinary if you asked the man.
Without answering the kid’s question the Omega crossed the room and quickly threw his arms around the kid, taking in the calming Alpha scent, the feeling of home and pup getting him to let out a few deep purrs.
Well and what could Tony say except approve of the idea. Precisely it was a rather good plan as he could feel his own maternal instincts flaring up at random times of the day, a sign of being deprived of the closeness to his children. A nest night it was then.
The genius took in a deep breath of air, coming out of submission slowly. Well, what was he supposed to say to that offer? ‘Yes Steve, please fuck me with your thick Alpha cock. Breed me and claim me as yours’? Yeah, sure, only in his dreams.
Steve even asked if they should proceed in such a pace, even was as considerate to stop Tony’s actions in the heat of the moment. Which, according to the sad truth and Tony’s past experience, not every Alpha would do.
The tall Alpha blushed at the words with a nervous laugh, but presented the bouquet to Tony once again regardless. “Well, Nat helped me out this time”.
Hope you get my drift :)
A leather bracelet, Tony’s mind delivered in awe. Beautiful, was the only way the Omega was able to describe the piece of art. The careful braided threads made a stunning pattern, highlighting the deep, warm brown in the process.
I hope you liked it and thank you for reading <3
Steve never backed down from a challenge. And certainly not from a pup half his size.
“I’m close, Alpha”, Tony mewled with a blissed out look on his sweaty face.
“Where are my pups?”, the man breathed out, having missed his kids.
It was a photo of him wearing a frilly apron in the common room kitchen, waving a hand at the camera and proudly holding up a stack of pancakes. It wasn’t a bad photo, not at all, but the man was rather surprised where the kid had gotten the picture from because the person who took it was no other than Natasha.
The brown haired teen was frustrated and annoyed, but didn’t see any alternative solution in reach, which is why he mumbled out a small agreement and started working on the outline until the bell went off half an hour later. They had three days. Three days which Peter planned to spend in the labs with his Dad and Bruce, helping them with an Avengers related issue.
Tony looked at the sudden mood shift suspiciously as he hugged and scented his son. Whatever it was the Omega was glad his pup was awake and out of bed, he could always contemplate the reason behind it later. “I’m going to see if your brother’s awake, go get dressed and eat something before you meet Happy downstairs,” the man offered with a smile.
Shit.
Worried lines appeared on the boy’s forehead as he thought about the many possibilities of what could be wrong with his brother and with a small whimper that escaped his mouth he could already feel his anxiety bubbling up again. His instincts going haywire at the possibility of his pack mate, his brother, being in danger.
Soon the Alpha was an arms length away from the still trembling Omega, scent tickling his nostrils playfully and hands reaching out to present the gift once again. “Omega, please”, Steve growled, close to begging already.
Tony awed innerly. Everyone did to be honest.
Wait what?! Peter’s face turned white and his head started spinning. Tomorrow was the deadline, his assignment, his grade! He still wasn’t close to being done, damn it.
Peter on the other hand, his youngest at 12 years, was born an Omega, which alarmed Tony as soon as the doctor classified the boy after his birth. It wasn’t easy being an Omega, boldly said. Tony knew that perfectly. Yet, despite his doubts and fears he always supported Peter in every decision he made. Trying out a sport only Alphas usually played? Tony made sure to come to every game, scream his lungs out with Harley by his side and maybe, totally, write down every name of the other players that ridiculed his son. Develop an interest in science just like his brother and father? Tony encouraged him right away, buying science books and taking him down to his lab whenever he liked. Peter was soaking up everything he could, just like his brother. Besides his obvious intelligence the young boy was polite, kind hearted and friendly to everyone, always wearing a soft smile on his face while cocking his head in the cutest way possible.
Steve, to his surprise again, let out a short laugh, eyes crinkling at the corners. And, okay, Tony appreciated the handsome man in front of him, he always does, especially when he smiled. But, still, was his coffee spiked this morning? Because he was sure Steve would have reacted differently.
Got a caffeine and energy drink affected superpowered spider kid back to sleep. They deserved a fucking parenting medal after this night, Tony kept thinking drily as Steve stroked through the brown haired boy’s hair.
Though he didn’t expect for Tony’s Alpha pup to challenge him instead.
Though before he could continue another voice cut him right off.
It was exhilarating the Alpha’s instincts to no end.
Not as creative as he liked to be the Alpha tried his luck with another baked good, a muffin, he spend more time on than he liked to admit. Thankfully his friends, especially Sam, helped him with the courting gift. After having laughed at Steve’s first creation, a small pile of unevenly baked dough and red sprinkles.
Though, as the minutes passed a sweet, tingling, potent scent reached the blond Alphas nose. He inhaled sharply, mind beginning to get foggy, what an intoxicating smell. His pupils dilated while his own scent glands emitted pheromones, matching the ones he was deeply scenting. God, he couldn’t get enough.
Though, wrong answer apparently as the man started getting red in the face and glare at the boy with annoyed eyes. He cast a glance at the weird atmosphere around the classroom, students hushly talking, a sight fairly unusual for a bunch of twelve year old children.
The older Omega, however quickly advanced at both of his children, purring deeply before reaching out with his hands.
Though, the only person currently sitting in the living room was no other than Tony’s youngest pup, Peter, who was playing some sort of video game on the TV. And due to his angry shouts Steve guessed he wasn’t doing so well.
Before he could enter the elevator which just arrived on Steve’s floor, the Alpha’s voice halted him.
His movements slightly slowed down, his forming knot at the base of his cock stopping him from his rough trusts. He didn’t want to hurt his heat mate, so he altered his trusts to slower, but still firm and prostate stimulating forces.
It was a fool proof plan.
The two stood in a mess of feathers and dirt, while furniture was lying sideways around the room and kissed deeply. Tony’s arms came up to tuck at Steve’s hair sensually, yet also to try spurring him on to deepen the kiss and the blond eagerly complied, surrendering to the short brunette in his arms.
The Omega couldn’t believe what he was hearing. Steve got it all wrong, he wasn’t the one untouchable but the Alpha clearly was. Has Steve ever looked into a mirror?
The teen didn’t even change his expression at the statement and simply kept on crawling around in the corner, creating his webs, but always keeping a close eye out for the adults.
And with that the Omega walked away, disappearing into the kitchen just like his pups and taking his scent with him, leaving a grim looking Alpha behind.
Pepper was casually sitting in an armchair across the room, Stark Pad placed in her hands she was clearly concentrating on some company related issues, the all strong, respectable business aura engulfing the female Alpha. No one dared interrupt her when she was like that, not even Tony himself, way to thankful for having Pepper in his life and managing the company nearly all by herself. She was a force to be reckoned with and Tony loved her like that.
The fed up Alpha scent thickened in the room the longer Tony didn’t  answer her, signaling his inner Omega to finally open his mouth and say something, anything really.
Thank god for Super Soldiers, Tony thought nodding at Bucky with a kind smile.
Slowly the genius stretched out his trembling right hand and carefully traced his fingertips along the elegant satin bag, keeping his eyes traced onto the bundle the whole time, not trusting himself to look into the Alpha’s eyes.
Yet before she could ask the question everyone’s been thinking about the Alpha already stood up. “I excuse my unannounced and sudden appearance, ma’m. But I’m here to experience the education of the 21st century and to share my past knowledge and impressions of the past with the young minds of the future. Therefore I hope I’m not intruding in any way,” he explained with a determined gaze at which Peter gasped in awe.
The Omega let out a sigh of relief, at least they could talk now and he’d convince Steve to leave. “Don’t ‘what the hell’ me Rogers. You damn sure know that we can’t do whatever it is you were just trying to do!”
Tell me what you think in the comments!
What could be Peter's plan?
If anything it just turned him on more, always up to a little rough playing.
It was so inviting.
Therefore, looking for any sugary treats he could find in the big kitchen, he began raiding the fridge. And what he found made him mentally jump from joy.
Tony’s eyes followed Steve’s every movement. Somewhat getting even darker when the man in front of him presented his muscular, toned and most importantly, naked torso. The Omega wanted to cry out in pure bliss.
Next to the Alpha the Omega was in a similar state, the act of the Alpha before making the genius swallow. The whole Alpha act just got to him, which, yeah, was simple biology, but Steve was affecting him differently. So much more intense. The heat in the elevator was getting close to unbearable as Tony inhaled another dose of potent Alpha pheromones.
It was true the situation a week ago wouldn’t have happened between Steve and Harley if the young pup would have learned from the beginning how to interact with other older Alphas and especially Alphas in contact with his mother.
Tony standing with crossed arms beside Steve, who still to Tony’s admiration, had an arm around him, rolled his eyes fondly. “Thor, let me be frank when I say, that Steve and I never would have any intentions of throwing a party without you. How would I get Steve drunk without your help, anyway.”.
Steve growled again, appreciating the strong effect he had on the genius.
Steve happily bit down lightly on the man’s neck and shoved his cock in one more time, knot completely deflating and tying the two heroes together. The grunts that followed, a sign of the blond cuming inside the smaller man, marking him up while his dick was massaged by the hot walls, reached the Omega’s ears.
“You’re way more interesting, Tony”, Steve admitted with a lazy grin and kissed the Omega’s neck in hopes of calming him.
“Harley”, the Omega grinned. “What do you think of your old ma now?
“Now, I need some coffee or else I’m gonna die in the next few minutes and you don’t want that, do you Platypus?”, Tony whined and tugged at the sleeve of the Alpha beside him, received a fond eye roll in the process.
His biology wouldn’t define him.
And Tony, well, he totally forgot everything around him as he relaxed into the hold of his boyfriend. Who could blame him?
Tony rolled his eyes. “Thanks Jarvis and while you’re at it turn on the light, setting low, in the living room.”
If Tony hadn’t seen it, his face would have mirrored his teammates, he was sure.
The Omega took in the state of the Alpha in front of him with curiosity, such an unlikely act for someone as stealthy as Steve Rogers, the whole being nervous part. Though, truthfully, Steve has tended to being more anxious those past two weeks and if Tony were to be more self assured he would have guessed he himself must have been one reason for it.
Warmth.
Like that the two stayed on the floor curled up against each other and ever so slowly the pup soon had his nose pressed up right against the Alpha’s scent mark on his neck, practically sitting in Steve’s lap who was still purring loudly and stroking through the teen’s hair with one hand.
Letting out another sign the Omega rubbed his sleep affected balled fists against his tired eyes, trying to clear his head and distract himself from the confusing situation.
Way to convince a teacher he thought impressed.
Anyway, enjoy :)
Though, Thor, on the other hand, was sitting next to his sons, eating what looked like a pile of scrambled eggs topped with another load of crispy brown bacon, while his hammer was set on another bar stool. Completely engrossed in his food, the god made for a pretty amusing picture next to the kids, who were shoveling food into their mouths just like their uncle.
The elevator soon arrived with Jarvis greeting them, informing Tony of the well being of his pups at the same time as they stepped into the device. The ride upwards was again spent in silence but this time not as comfortable before and rather like something tense was in the air.
The moonlight from the tall windows graced the Omega’s face. Sweat glistening in the light, long eyelashes touching Tony’s reddened cheeks and puffs of air leaving his full lips, the man was a true symbol of beauty, Steve decided.
Quickly exiting the elevator the Omega took in the sight of the living room and groaned at the scene. Pillows strewn all over the place, dozen of empty candy wrappers, a spilled drink on the expensive table in front of the couch and all sorts of electronic devices messily placed in a colourful pile on the floor. The room was looking like a bomb exploded, a damn teenager bomb. During moments like these Tony sometimes, always, wished he could go back a few years when his pups were still cute and innocent, nothing like the troublemakers they’ve obviously turned into.
Steve nearly howled at being addressed properly once again and as a reward quickly pulled down the Omega’s pants with one hand to take the smaller cock into his hand, stroking the warm, slick flesh leisurely. The mewl he received was to die for. Though, truthfully, every sound Tony made like this was to die for.
His kids, naturally, already finished all their work on Friday, not really challenged by their grades assigned tasks. Well, this again proved they surely were the kids of Tony Stark.
Steve’s eyes grew wide at the pups discovery. It was his first courting gift for Tony, he planned on presenting to the Omega after they talked.
Just like that everything from the previous day came rushing back to the Omega. The date, the Alpha’s mannerism, his own confession about his past, Steve not backing down even then and finally, the night they spend together. He had sex with Steve fucking Rogers, Captain America, once again! Tony winced at the realization and damned his horny Omega brain consequently.
And shit.
Now Tony only had to deal with Steve, alone, in close proximity. Great, swell, everything Tony would have wanted after the awkward act of him escaping after they spend his heat together.
“For god’s sake Pete, the two of you spend the last three days eating junk food, that means no pie under any circumstances”, Tony answered. “I don’t want you two getting diabetes, so put that thing away.”
Damn. They messed up. All of them.
Pepper was truly a goddess.
Tony’s mind tried to process the information. His pup, Peter, helped an Alpha to court his mother just, just like that? So that can only mean that he must have accepted the presence of the Alpha in Tony’s life and that just stunned the man.
“To my defense it was totally Peter’s idea”, Harley answered with a small glare towards his brother.
“What the actual fuck are you two thinking you’re doing?!”, the Omega yelled with furrowed brows and a frown on his face, signaling his anger clearly.
Yeah no. Where was the strict Captain America, the guy from the videos he and Peter kept laughing at while a blushing Steve rolled his eyes at them.
Even with all the muscles, the all over Alpha seriousness and the concentrated look in his eyes the man still managed to threw Tony off with a whole new facade of him.
Well, and what was the young pup supposed to think?
God, the public omegan society would riot at such a thought, him dating the image of perfection.
Tony grimaced at the sight. God, did his kid reminded him of himself in that moment and, truthfully, he couldn’t say he was proud. Not when his kid looked like a ghost.
Steve smiled thankfully once again and promptly sat down in the small chair with a sigh as he quickly threw Peter a look that just screamed ‘you owe me after this day’. Though, his scent was content nonetheless as he relaxed into the chair and began to read through the flashcards the boy had shoved at him, to prepare for the presentation after lunch.
Turning around again the older Alpha gave the young one a calm smile. “I’m sure everything’s alright. I’m just going to bring him back, pup.”
Tony, on the other hand, was excited to no end. Finally, finally he was going to get bred. Which was why he placed himself on all fours on the bed, raised his behind in an arch, his shoulders still touching the bedding.
Tony started purring out of instinct, anything to get his pup to calm down. His hand sneaked into the boy’s hair, familiar locks twirling around his fingers as he caressed the Omega’s head lovingly, mouth set in a firm line and eyes shining with worry.
Tony purred in delight and closed his eyes, tired for now.
Steve was in heaven. Truly the taste that flooded his mouth and the scent clocking his nose as his tongue licked into the inviting hole in front of him, were intoxicating. He couldn’t get enough.
“No, don’t come closer!”, Tony shrieked. The orgasm prior still tingling his whole body, the body which was already overly sensitive due to his heat.
One question though stayed with him.
Bucky still not getting what was so funny, simply leaned back into the couch, sighed softly and quickly stretched out his left arm, shoving the person next to him in the process.
What the hell?
He heard Steve talk briefly and then he was already pulled forward again, arriving at a small table close to the back of the restaurant shortly after. Then the Alpha released another satisfied rumble and loosened his grip around the genius to pull out the chair on one side of the table.
So there he was, a perfect looking chocolate muffin with icing and red and gold sprinkles placed on top. Such a pleasant looking present, the Alpha could only purr in satisfaction and looked forward to giving said Omega his first, technically second, courting gift.
Still, even though Steve would have loved staying like this, feeling the hot mouth around his cock, sweet tongue massaging the underside of so hotly, he still wanted to try something before he finally climaxed. He tugged on Tony’s hair once again and slowly pulled his head off from his dick, earning a confused look at the action.
Though the Omega was slowly getting impatient, the heat on his skin getting even worse and his cock and hole begging for release. He needed to be fucked now.
However, mornings were his sworn enemies, just like his mother once again. If it weren’t for Jarvis Peter sure would have missed school too many times to count now.
“Omega, Tony, I would be the happiest man if you would agree to repeat this night and many more like this in the future.”
The blond was cut off, brunette Omega now in front of him with a grin and leaning closer. The lips that met his were warm, soft and oh so inviting. Forgetting about whatever he was trying to say the Alpha quickly wrapped an arm around the shorter male, let out a growl and accepted the kiss. Quickly taking over he opened his mouth, letting his tongue trace the full lips of the Omega in his arms and silently asking for entrance which the genius gladly allowed.
The Omega was loudly moaning, sucking on the blonds neck in desperation, the heat having reached its peak and showing clearly due to his behaviour. The wet, sloppy kisses and the grinding against the Alpha’s stomach only spurred on the desire that grew in Tony. The desire for his hole to be filled. Being fucked roughly. Getting bred with another pup.
“Peter, kid, tell me how I can help you,” the man said carefully from next to the pup. He didn’t dare move closer not wanting to startle the Omega so soon after being tormented by other Alphas.
The blond chuckled at the words and hummed in agreement.
Tony winced as another wave of slick soaked his underwear, his hole close to hurting from being turned on so strongly. Damn, the Alpha in front of him. The genius has never reacted to someone this intense before.
Childhood dreams do come true apparently.
Steve was like the biggest trigger for the Omega, a walking wet dream, which teased Tony’s Omega brain to no end. He was feeling warmer just sitting in arms length of the Alpha.
So it was no surprise that a few, or maybe quite a lot, compliments slipped out here and there. Words as ‘pretty’, ‘sweet’ and ‘breathtaking’ joined the Alpha’s sentences easily and gladly didn’t throw Tony off but even got him to blush faintly a few times.
Though working through his usual self worth issues, insecurities and anxiety Tony wasn't sure about anything going on at this point anymore. Mostly worrying about the well being of his pups, as much as figuring out why Harley was acting so different lately.
Tony sighed softly and entered the elevator.
“Tony what the hell?”, he exclaimed shocked.
After a few seconds Jarvis already announced his arrival and the Alpha was nervously sweating now, scent full of anxiety and worry.
Thank you all again for sticking with me and for reading the story!! <3
That woman never ceased to amaze him.
“Good luck on your project,” MJ wished them with a small smile before walking towards her own class after lunch ended.
As he opened the door he cast one last glance at the perfect specimen of Alpha snoring away in his bed and sighed sadly. In his dreams, he reminded himself and sneaked out of the door.
The Alpha nodded eagerly, thankful enough he didn’t get kicked out when Tony opened the present. It was a risky move, but god, so worth it.
A fucking collar. Steve bought him a fucking collar.
“For you information I slept approximately 7 hours last night, thank you very much. I’ve officially reached the peak of health, which means you can’t lecture me about self-care anymore,” he grinned up at the man with a proud look in his eyes. It was true he was greatly improving, perhaps because of his sated Omega nature, no one knew. “At least not every day,” the Omega finished and grasped Steve’s hand with a squeeze.
That damn brute of an Alpha ripped his underwear apart! His fucking underwear.
Alphas protected the weaker dynamics, it’s always been like that.
Steve and Tony try to deal with what happened while the other Avengers watch in exasperation.
“Mom’s allergic to tulips”, the pup innocently informed the saddened Alpha.
At with those words the room erupted into light laughter, Steve casting his friend a knowing look and Tony smirking at the comment of the ex-assassin. Yeah, despite everything, the event turned out to be a great story.
Peter scratched his head dumbfounded while Harley just crossed his arms and shrugged his shoulders as if he didn’t have anything to do with the mess around the living room.
Tony took his gaze away from his shivering pup at the sound of the young Omega. “He’s sick, Pete, and will stay home for today so I can take care of him. I get that you’re worried but he’s going to be fine, trust me, he’s a tough Alpha,” he explained honestly and ran his hand and down Harley’s back to which the pup whined weakly.
Enjoy :)
Nonetheless the students only laughed lightly at the photo and promptly began to raise their hands excitedly, everyone having a question for the Captain and at the corner of his eyes Peter could even spot Mr.Johnson holding up his hand lightly.
Yeah, Steve wasn’t the best at baking, still, food was, if you asked him, one of the best courting gifts an Alpha could present. The edible goods a sign of being able to take care of the Omega, something Steve so desperately wanted to do with Tony.
Tony, on the other hand, smiled at both his pups, taking in the positive scent coming from both of the young boys. This was one of the few things he didn’t fuck up over time, no matter how messy the start was, and the man was gonna make sure it’s going to stay like this.
A stare Peter has been the victim of quite a few times, however, that still didn’t mean he had gotten used to it.
That was the first thing he felt when he woke up that Sunday morning, as the first streaks of sunlight bathed the bedroom in a soft eerie light.
Steve’s thick long cock was proudly standing up already, head glistening with precum and Tony was nearly drooling at the sight. Yeah, Steve certainly wasn’t small and the Omega just loved that. Slowly he sat up and moved closer not retracting his eyes for one moment, while he could feel the blond’s gaze on him.
Something had to be up.
“Alright kiddos but first let’s get some food into the both of you since I’m guessing you haven’t eaten anything proper all morning”, the Omega said eyeing his pups, who now stood in front of him with downcast eyes. Yeah, he totally guessed right. “And why the hell did I step on a freaking lego brick? As far as I know we haven’t owned any since you declared the bricks boring and wanted to play around with real tech instead.”
The booming voice of Thor filled the silence immediately. “You guys threw a party and didn’t think about inviting your friends? That’s certainly not an honorable way of celebration, you should be ashamed!”.
“Follow me Mr. America.”
And Steve, as tired as he was, took Tony’s hand without any further questions, vanishing into the room with him. Finally. Sleep, he thought happily, hugging his boyfriend from behind and sinking into a dreamless slumber.
“Clint don’t you think it’s a bit unhygenic to be sitting on the counter with your shoes while eating?”, Rhodey asked with a raised eyebrow.
Steve didn’t need to be told twice, swooping the Omega up in his arms and made his way to the master bedroom.
The happy scent of everyone was mingling together in the kitchen. Family.
The braided leather bracelet, made for him especially, was breathtaking and Tony’s mind always blanked when looking at it, which may have stalled his work process in the last days. But what was he supposed to do? Take the bracelet off? Even though it was selfish and stupid, so unbelievable stupid, the Omega couldn’t bring himself to take it off, not this, not the first courting gift he has ever received in his life. His instincts rioted at the mere thought of entwining the leather strings and losing the contact of of the smooth material, the traces of Steve’s Alpha scent stamped into the material, reminding Tony of the man wherever he went.
“It’s nothing”, Steve answered immediately, casting a cheeky look at the Omega with a strained neck. Yeah, the position they were in really wasn’t made for holding a conversation.
Their relation was unmistakable.
Out of instincts he licked across the head once more and moaned at the godly taste. Quickly he lowered his hot mouth down the length, gotten used to Steve’s sheer size a bit. The position now mirrored the previous one. Tony moaning around the Alpha’s cock, spit sliding down and pooling at the base while he listened to the man moan from behind him, a few growls and grunts slipping out here and there.
Though his Omega acted on his command with no hesitation and rather scrambled around on his front out of sheer horniness and desperation.
The Alpha who fucked him through the last two days. The Alpha who was cuddling his backside at the moment. The Alpha who was way too good for Tony and out of his league for miles.
“Well look around us! My suit won’t work with those webs all over the place!”, Tony complained, crossing his arms with a pointed look at the blond.
The Omega came to a stop in front of another pile of clothes and hummed softly, sorting through the many pairs of pants he owned he soon let out a victorious ‘ha’ and pulled a pair of grey jeans from the mass of clothes. “I don’t have any clue what you’re talking about my dearest Pep”, he answered innocently as he examined the pants in his hands.
Before Peter could open his mouth though the uncomfortable looking man beside him spoke up. “Mr. Hogan Peter really helped me out with something and therefore I owe him a favour in return. He asked me to accompany him to school today, so this is why I’m currently sitting here,” his clear voice finished, authority seeping from him only caused by one sentence.
It was, by the looks of it, working and Steve thanked god for the idea.
While contemplating his current situation, the others decided on a movie after all, some random romantic comedy Tony honestly didn’t give a shit about. He was content just relaxing into the soft couch and having his oldest son in his arms.
The strong build of his heat mate turned him, and especially his inner Omega, on to no end. His brain preening at having scored a strong mate this heat, because strong mate equals strong pups and his instinct reduced brain was a little overwhelmed at the fact.
However, as soon as it started Peter came to an end of the presentation with a relieved sigh as he changed the slides on the whiteboard one more time.
And just like that the two stayed in Tony’s bedroom for the next two days.
“Shut up! Moooom Waffles.”
Now, the genius couldn’t seem to regret his choice, the chance he took on the Alpha.
“Was I a good Omega, Alpha?”, his still heat ridden Omega brain wanted to know.
The words hit Steve directly as he let go of the Omega, stammering out a few words. What the hell? That manipulative minx. Nevertheless he simply couldn’t tell Tony what Peter was planning, it was one of his condition when he demanded to be repaid.
“No, Peter. What you need to do is go to school now before you miss another class,” Tony sighed.
Yeah, maybe talking about things did make everything easier.
This was the second time he had sex with the Alpha in less than two weeks.
And Tony wanted to whine once again at the loss of contact.
“Mom you never mentioned the other were going to be back already from their mission in South America!”, Peter squealed before running into the room. The sound of greeting voices soon followed with a few purrs here and there. Harley, just like his brother, followed suit and excitedly walked into the room.
He had to do something.
“Mom, tell Peter two against one win. Have you learned nothing in preschool?!”
Captain America was freaking kinky.
“WRONG! If anything it was Ned’s idea!”, the Omega screeched in defense, throwing his hands up widely and facing his mother with the most innocent eyes he could manage to put on. Damn, those puppy eyes. Though, Tony didn’t let them faze him anymore after twelve year. Well, perhaps only a little.
The Alpha sighed happily at the satisfied look on Tony’s face, the face of a sated Omega. If nothing the purrs the lovely Omega was unaware emitting proved it and made Steve grumble deeply.
And now Tony went from looking embarrassed and bashful, hiding behind his hands -a look Steve secretly treasured but would never under any circumstances admit to- to wickedly grinning back at him with soft eyes.
The child only shook his head ever so lightly and buried his face further into his arms as small tears escaped his eyes. The only thought on his mind was his mom and the yearning for contact with him, to be protected in the man’s arms.
The Omega standing between the two growling Alphas was watching the whole scene with wide eyes, not ever having thought anything like this would happen tonight. He was biting his bottom lip with worry spiking inside of him.
Right before the next person could ask a question the bell rang and the students quickly gathered their belongings, while Peter pack up his things as well, ready to go to his last class of the day.
Tony huffed at the position, not really having thought anything else of the Alpha next to him. Though the warm presence close to him and the strong arms over his waist with the thick Alpha scent in the air quickly calmed his mind down and lulled him to sleep even more so.
And his Dad didn’t disappoint him, like he ever could, Peter thought fondly, as the man eagerly invited him to stay at the tower during the two weeks on the phone. The teen could hear Steve, his Dad’s boyfriend, laugh fondly in the background, and Peter smiled looking forward to it even more so now. He liked Steve, even though the instruction videos were cringe worthy, the real Captain America was actually a pretty laid back guy.
Besides, Natasha wasn’t even home, a mission in France occupying her time at the moment, so where was he supposed to run to? Pepper was out of question, being busy with Stark Industries relations, which reminded Tony of the heaps of unfinished projects strews around his lab just waiting for him. He sighed at the reminder, yeah, neglected work would kick him in the butt sooner or later. The one doing the kicking being Pepper at that.
Blinking open his sleep ridden eyes carefully the man came face to face with bright rays of sunlight streaming through the tall windows facing the bed. And, shit, bright, fucking bright. Who the hell let the curtains open before going to sleep?
The eyes of the Alpha widened at the mumbled words coming from the scent drunk pup in his arms.
“The Iron family is clearly playing a torturous game of tickles! Yet, all of you have lost to the mighty God of Thunder, be honored, my small Alpha friend!”, the loud booming voice of the Alpha sounded through the room.
“You’re you and I’m me. I don’t want to mess this up, mess you up, like I did in the past. The friendship we have should be enough, this way no one can get hurt, you can find a ‘perfect’, non damaged Omega, for you to smother with all those Alpha manners and gestures. And I can go back to-”.
As calmly as ever, well minus the obvious fangs peeking out, the man looked down to catch the eyes of the now crying boy. “You think Omegas are weak and useless, boy?”
“Fucking hell!”, he screamed. “You stupid fucking bitch! No no no NO! DON’T YOU DARE USE THAT BLUE SHELL PEACH!”
A soft whine interrupted his purring, the small figure in his arms steadily waking up and turning around lazily in the older Omega’s arms, nudging Tony and Harley in the process.
No Alpha dared keep his mother from their pups for so long. And now even had the audacity to disturb their family dinner time! Harley couldn’t do anything but see red as he let out another snarl, stepping forward at the same time.
Steve also got out of the car, though with more care and a polite thanks directed at Happy who drove them here.
Tony glared at his speechless boyfriend. Great work Cap, he thought.
“Yes!”, the pup exclaimed completely ignoring the groan coming from his brother. “So you know the death star? Ned and I actually wanted to try build a real one, well, not the same size and with a less deadly function but-”
Steve looked at Tony in question but stood as he only received a confused shrug as an answer. “Sure, kid.”
That Alpha certainly had some moves.
Also the collar thing even surprised me but I think it's rather fitting. Steve is a closeted pervert lol
Steve was touching him, holding his hand and tracing his thumb across the tanned skin.
Tony rolled his eyes playfully, scent spiking with annoyance. “Gee, how many people are going to remind me today? If you haven’t noticed I’m obviously an adult, Alpha.”
“You like it?”, she asked from beside him with a smile on her face.
Another moan and Tony was humping the Alpha’s body once again.
Tony sighed, stretching his tired limbs groaning. “Ugh, fine.”
“Put it on me.”
Great, more to think about and everything was keeping him from completing his work. Pepper was sure going to kill him this time.
A smile appeared on the Alpha’s lips at the thought of his family, the Avengers, Tony. How could he ever trade such a precious life?
After breakfast Bruce, Thor and Clint left quickly apparently having important ‘superhero worthy’ plans, thus the other four were tasked with cleaning the kitchen all by themselves. But because Steve cooked the whole meal it was mainly Tony who cleaned up, absolutely demanding of Steve to just relax for once.
Standing across from the elevator with a big smile.
“Alright you get nothing.”
Steve is trying to court a thick headed Tony, though, a lot of things go wrong.
Tony and Steve spend the morning after together in bed, not as innocently as the Omega would have thought at the beginning.
The Alpha in front of him, though, took the words at heart right away and placed his hands on the Omega’s shoulders caringly, which startled the taken back man in the process. “Tony, please tell me you slept more than three hours last night.” His voice was heavy with concern and eyes filled with worry.
But Tony could never be fooled again. This man certainly wasn’t innocent.
Quickly he lifted Tony of the couch, before sitting down in his place prior and settling the man back down in his lap. Super strength certainly had its perks, Steve grinned relaxing in the warmth and comfort of Tony.
Regardless of his previous accepted gifts this time was different and so very intimate, which worried Steve to the core. What if it was too soon? What if Tony plainly laughed at the idea and left him? What if he hated him afterwards?
The part of Tony which wanted to leave quickly, erase any trace of him ever stepping a foot into the man’s bedroom and hide for the rest of his pathetic life to contemplate his embarrassing actions in peace was screaming at him, not doubt there. However, the part that was still loudly purring due to the strong scent engulfing him and the warm presence against his back that grounded him, close to pulling him back to sleep, somehow overpowered any similar reaction from the last time he woke up in the same bed as Steve.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve blinked before opening his mouth again, now sitting down in front of Tony. “But you’re in heat,” he stated simply.
Tony, on the other hand, didn’t even notice being lifted up at first, still on his phone texting Pepper about an important appointment. But as he felt the soft yet firm surface of his lover underneath him, he instantly grinned cheekily and let himself fall into him.
Without sounding full of himself the Omega knew he was more than a handful, someone difficult to handle, a person who liked to rile people up for fun, especially Alphas and who’s already got two teenage pups. Damaged goods like he preferred to call himself.
Oh. His history project.
It really was something else when you got to see some of those in person and didn’t even know about a fraction due to being frozen in ice.
Though, not long and Tony’s head came up, body settling down in the blonds lap instead, moaning as his bottom made contact with the hardness beneath him. Just as he always imagined.
He stepped forward lightly and tried to reach out his hands. “Tony, what? I don’t understand.”
“I’m sorry too, Tony. My uh- instinct driven behaviour was undoubtedly out of line”, Steve quickly added and scratched his head nervously.
“It’s part of my algorithm you have programmed yourself, Sir”, the AI answered, sounding as sassy as artificial intelligence could. Tony laughed lightly. “Don’t tell anyone we're back yet and especially not my kids.”
Jason shook his head at the question but the blond didn’t even give him time to answer before continuing.
Only then did he take notice of the unfamiliar dominating Alpha scent in the air, way to potent to belong to any Alpha student in the room and his eyes trailed on the blond figure awkwardly sitting behind the young Omega boy.
Tony could only listen with wide eyes.
Tony grumbled but shook his head insistingly. “We have the worst team mates. Even my pups know how to help. God, I swear they’re just a bunch of children, which I apparently have to parent.”
Alpha instincts worked like that. Higher ranked Alphas had to show off their dominance to teach young Alphas the importance of ranks and dynamics. It was all a part of growing and mostly playful.
With that the room quieted down, all eyes now trained on the Alpha and Omega beside the kitchen counter. Tony breathed out a sigh of relief at the felling of the relaxing Alpha in his arms and the hot breath on his skin, scent slowly losing the feral tint.
The female Alpha was listening intensely the whole time, but didn’t comment nor interrupt the man once, like she usually did to get an honest picture of the situation.
And the Alpha, well, he wished he could imprint the image of a cock begging Tony into his mind, because this, this just threw a damn lot of his fantasies at him. The Omega looked eternal, big brown eyes blinking up at him, lips already bitten raw and bulge obvious in his small underwear. It was a lot to take in.
Well here it goes.
However, Steve had an idea, a risky one but if even his scent couldn’t calm Peter down there was only one thing left to try. He couldn’t get the kid home like this after all.
The other man shivered at the memory and placed his hands on the Omega’s hips, squeezing the skin slightly and growling into the Omega’s ear, scent clouding his mind. The scent of Omega sweetness. Though his mind kept screaming at him for another reason, clearing the blur for one second.
They were helping each other out. Nothing more.
“Tony…? Won’t you step out of the elevator?”, a voice asked curiously.
The sudden loud voice startled the Omega and he dropped the shirt in a heap of surprise and shock. Whirling around the genius came face to face with one of his oldest friends, Pepper Potts, the female Alpha who managed the lot of Stark Industries like a second nature and somehow still got enough time to deal with Tony’s personal shit.
“No shit, Steven!”, the Omega moaned as he came.
“I can only speak for myself but I thought we’d actually fit well together. We’ve been friends for years now, even though we had a bad start, and then we spent your heat together which just-just felt so right”, he continued with face full of honesty. “Every time I see you my inner Alpha feels like howling, wanting to cover you in my scent so no one can doubt that you belong to me, that you’re my Omega. Your heat just intensified those instincts which is why I can’t ignore them anymore.”
So now Tony stood in his bedroom perplexed and with only half an hour left before he was supposed to meet Steve in the common room.
The genius sighed into the mug of cold coffee he was holding in front of his face. When has Steve become the most interesting aspect of him? Like weren’t his work, kids or self loathing skill already interesting enough?
The smile that greeted Tony when he looked up took, truthfully, his breath away. The blond Alpha didn’t look disgusted or like he wanted to end this date at this point. Even though Tony hoped the Alpha would realize this was a mistake, he was also kinda glad the man was smiling at him now.
“That old shirt isn’t suitable for a date, Tony”, her green eyes once again narrowed at him, eyeing the fabric, now laying on the floor again, with disdain.
Harley especially cowered under the furious gaze of his mother. Shoulders sinking and eyes searching for the ground, the young pup looked nothing like the scent dripping provoking Alpha he was just a few seconds ago. A pup knew when it messed up in front of its mother and judging by Harley’s scent he was begging for forgiveness now.
To his surprise the door was ajar, thankfully sneaking in he analyzed the room. “Tony! What’s going on? Where are you? Are you hurt?”, he called out, his voice echoing through the big lab.
There was no way Mr. Johnson wouldn’t give him an A+ for his efforts.
Suddenly the Omega wasn’t sure where he was going with this.
The reality of the date they were currently having. The date he planned on finishing quickly.
Just like this Tony was coming, spent cock shooting out one last bit of white cum while the man moaned into the sheets, mind going blank from pure pleasure.
“Cut the crap Tony. I’m not watching you self sabotaging yourself again. Not with Steve”, she stressed with firm eyes and took a hold of the grey jeans as well, pulling them slowly towards her.
After a while he slowly added a finger into the hole, lapping around it and pumping it in with steady trusts, whines and moans being the only thing reaching his ears as the Omega quivered above him. And, fuck did the Omega know how to suck cock. The blond trusted upwards into the tight throat and buried his face against the ass once again.
And then, then he suddenly gripped the ass in front of his face tightly, burying his tongue against the wet rim once again as he saw white flash in front of his eyes. Dick spurting out hot wet seed and Alpha snarling at the holy sensation of Tony milking his dick dry, taking his cum all in, an obvious claim on the Omega.
Steve carefully took the bracelet from Tony’s hands and slowly unwind the two ends and gesturing for the Omega to hold out his wrist.
Facing the hero beside him with a cocked eyebrow, he looked at the blond. "What’s your plan of attack, Cap?".
“Alpha!”, he screamed out when Steve began leaving small bites at his neck. So damn close to his mating mark, goddamnit.
The Alpha nodded thoughtfully, before a gleam caught his eyes and a small smile began to form on his lips. “You know, the first time I’ve been to this place was back in the forties, though not literally this place since the original restaurant was placed in Brooklyn at that time”.
Was Tony dreaming this whole scene, were Steve and him so in sync they shared the same dream? Yeah, no, not possible. Clearly it was just his superpowered kid acting up. Just the usual at the Avengers tower, really.
“The Stark men have finally arrived! Good morning my dear friends!”, the loud booming voice of the god of thunder hollered across the room from the couch. “Stunning Tony, mischievous Harley and clumsy Peter, how has life treated you lately?” The blinding smile from the blond stunned the three lightly, still, after these years, not having gotten used to the positive manner emitting from Thor.
Finally half an hour later, after getting out of the nest, which was quite the act, no thanks to a certain young Omega pup clinging to the scent ridden sheets of his family begging for ‘just five more minutes’, the three of them reached the entrance to the big kitchen of the Avengers tower.
The sleepy man thanked Steve with a quiet mutter and tried to stand up, but before he could think about it a hand reached for his arm and he was hoisted up into a standing position, eyes blinking perplexed.
What the actual fuck!
Before the soldier could advance one again though Tony stepped in and promptly took hold of the Alpha’s blond locks with his trembling hands and, without thinking about it, pressed the growling face against his neck, directly above his scent glands.
“Look who’s cowering on the floor like the useless, weak Omega he is,” a voice sneered suddenly from above the pup, who raised his head at the cruel words.
“How do I look?”, the brunet asked carefully with a flutter of his lashes.
Leave it to Tony Stark to give her gray hairs in her mid thirties.
“Oh Steve”, a new voice said across the room. “What are you doing here?”, Tony asked sitting at a desk and typing something on a laptop, books randomly scattered and opened around the Omega.
Steve smiled lovingly at the back of his head and stroked his cheek. “No Tony, you were the best Omega an Alpha could wish for.”
Yet, his mind was telling him something entirely different.
Dinner was served twenty minutes later and Peter tried munching it down as quickly as possible, earning him a scolding from not only Steve but his Dad as well, who smiled at the domestic actions.
Tony was glad, that he didn’t lose Steve as a friend, but gained something else entirely. It was a step forward, the relation of the situation. Maybe he really should rethink Natasha’s words from that morning.
After a short while more fingers joined the first one until the blond was steadily pumping four of his thick digits in and out of the squealing Omega. He grinned at the sight.
You could see the wheels turning inside the archer’s head before a look of confusion crossed his face. “You mean...Star Wars?”, he asked carefully and seriously questioning the boys movie education.
Yeah, Tony was fucked, in more ways than one.
The struggling genius snorted as he kept pulling at his bindings, getting more fed up the more time passed. “What do you think happened, Cap? I walked right into this trap, in the dark, on the way to the bathroom.” Not like Tony volunteered to be stuck like this, even though on any other occasion, preferably Steve and him alone, naked, in their bedroom , he’d be game. But certainly not like this.
With that the blond slowly leaned downwards and finally captured the Omega’s lips with his own in a sweet, chaste kiss. Nothing deep nor desperate, but so very special in its own way. The intimacy of the moment caught both slightly off guard, though, no one let it affect him as their lips continued to caress each other.
But, honestly, Tony was blaming himself the most, to no one’s surprise really. After all he was the champion of self blame and insecurity.
The Omega sighed deeply while fidgeting with his hands in his lap, the nervousness getting to him, the fact that he finally spoke out loud what was the issue. That he finally confronted the confused Alpha. He should have done it sooner, he blamed himself internally, if he hadn’t agreed on this damn forsaken date everything would have been easier.
Steve’s eyes dilated when he tasted the Omega’s blood on his own tongue. God, a mating bite would allows him to taste even more of the Omega.
Please tell me what you think, I'm also always up for ideas or such
But, his scent, his sweet pre-heat scent was pouring from the short Omega in strong, torturing, waves.
Tony understood that and maybe was even kind of glad he got some time off. Time away from a certain someone especially. He was weak like that and tempted whenever he was around that person, which wasn’t good, at all, since he would never return his feelings.
Tony, however, still wasn’t reacting.
Rhodey sighed with a light laugh and faced the other Alpha in the room. “Cap”, he nodded in greeting.
“I know this is very new to you and I probably should have talked about the possible effects this might have on you, I’m sorry”, the genius admitted with soft eyes.
Would you guys like for me to include another nest night next chapter?
Tiredly sighing the Omega stepped closer to the offending mess around his home, set on cleaning this as soon as possible. But right before reaching the spilled beverage on the table a sudden spiking pain traveled up his right foot, ripping a surprised squeak from the man’s mouth.
Besides all that he was a known superhero, a professional at kicking ass and a billionaire, thus making him more wealthy than the Alphas who dared to date him in the past.
Plan B turned out to be another failure, much to Steve’s joy.
Two minutes later the bracelet was bound around Tony’s wrist and Steve was smiling happily at the man in front of him. Now just one more question.
Though anyway I hope you enjoy the new chapter, it turned out quite long...like my chapters usually do but well <3
Welp can you guess whats gonna happen next chapter?
The Avengers just looked on, still baffled a kid like sweet, polite Peter could cause such ruckus.
His kid was just coming back to reality, his eyes widening in shock, apologizes flowing out of his mouth like a waterfall.
The Alphas stopped laughing at the outburst from the Omega and promptly growled in anger at the nerve the boy had to be talking back.
The man shook the outstretched hand wimpy and could only nod at the words of the hero.
But, yeah, fake it until you make it, apparently.
The silence that followed his story made him nervous, hoping Steve would understand now. Tony just wasn’t an Omega someone would want to mate.
The Alpha’s eyes widened at the man’s naked torso, taking in every detail of his Omega.
A sudden sigh from his left side got his attention quickly. “Uhh, I- uh,” the deep voice of Steve sounded off, nervousness clearly present.
The thing was even though Steve was the official group leader and thus the head Alpha of them all, it was a different relation with Thor. Since the god wasn’t from earth his behaviour differed greatly in comparison to the other Alphas on the team when facing the soldier. Normally any Alpha ranged beneath Captain America would submit, acknowledge their hierarchy and back down as not to spur the blond on, to avert a challenging fight.
“Tony?”, Steve’s alarmed voice rang across the room from the couch.
Though when Tony looked up Steve was only watching him with curious eyes and mouth set into a firm line, clearly waiting for him to continue.
The sight that greeted him didn’t ease his distress at all and rather made him emit another pitiful whimper.
Tony wanted to cry. Now he fucked everything up. He would never be able to act normal around the man again. Not after what they’ve done together.
Alphas didn’t like that.
Okay so idk why I managed to write the next chapter so quickly but here it goes
God, Steve hasn’t been to school in like seventy years, how was one supposed to act in such surrounding. Not even mentioning the fact that he was clearly an adult and Captain America at that, a national hero which everyone would recognize. Why did he agree to this once again?
Pepper’s eyes softened at the sight of the genius, who was looking at the wall behind her with a pained look, scent tinting bitterly. “Messed up or not Tony, you deserve to be happy and I can’t take it, you throwing something good away again out of fright”.
“Kids, you know laughing at jokes not made by me isn’t allowed in this house,” he started with a small smirk ebbed on his face, the other members of his family halting their own conversations and looking at the three of them with small smiles.
The next moment Tony completely lost trace of his thoughts as a hot breath covered his dripping hole, a moan being the only thing Tony could let out at the sensation. The forceful lick that followed the intrusion only spurred him on more. Mindlessly he bucked up against the willing face behind him and massaged the dick in his mouth even more intensely.
Still the child wouldn’t come down, no matter how much the adults complained and tried to reason with him. Actually, he even laughed the whole time, scattering across the ceiling, like it was a game they were playing.
You can follow me on tumblr if you like: @somebocly
A sad smile graced his lips as he quietly sat down at the counter, already thinking about a new idea.
Expensive dress shoes covered his feet, the shining leather clearly noticeable to the eyes. And finally the smart black frames on his face finished the look, underlining his deep brown eyes and framing his face lovingly.
He wasn’t traditional nor big on typical Omega stereotypes.
The continued in a lighter manner from then on, though, they kept the conversations casual, having had too much of deep and personal stories for one day. The topics again differed from their work, comments about the food, which was now rather cold but still enjoyable nonetheless, and occasionally Tony threw in some funny stories about his pups.
The Alpha was holding his head more in surprise than anger and for the moment Steve snapped out of the feral Alpha behaviour, now looking at Tony confused, eyebrows drawing up in a silent question.
Tony presented his neck once again and whimpered in shame, his inner Omega being triggered due to Steve’s commanding Alpha voice. A shiver ran down his spine as he blinked open his brown eyes in a haze, catching the Alpha’s firm blue eyes.
“Steve, you’ve already seen me come in my pants, if this isn’t the moment to be bold I don’t know what is,” the Omega whimpered as another load of slick wet his bottom.
Steve was sure he was in heaven at that moment. His Omega, perfect as ever, looking so good wearing the collar, sounded so beautiful whimpering and the kisses. Oh god the kisses, Steve was so whipped already. “Anything, Omega”, he breathed out and buried his nose in Tony’s soft locks, the sweet smell flooding his nose.
The man in question walked back into the living room a few minutes later, an easy smile on his face as he saw his boyfriend sitting cross legged on the big couch, fiddling with his phone.
The Alpha raised an eyebrow at the statement, looking as ridiculous as ever with the bed head he was sporting, blond hair sticking up in every direction. Tony couldn’t help the small grin that grew on his face at the sight of the blond, trying to look all serious but getting betrayed by his surprisingly cute appearance.
A sharp tug at his sleeve directed his panicked gaze at the small Omega beside him who was still beaming up at him.
However, Steve was pointedly ignoring the growing hardness close to him and rather cocked the man’s head to the side, purring in satisfaction at what he saw. No marks, no bruises and most importantly no mating bite. The Omega hasn’t been taken yet. Steve wanted to howl with joy. Now, Tony was his for the taken.
As Tony’s mouth filled with hot cum, the sensation of the salty taste on his tongue and tongue playing with his rim while fingers teased his prostate, he let out a loud muffled moan. The feeling of stars erupting behind his close eyes throbbing throughout his whole body, making his body warm up hotly as white cum spurted out of his own dick and collapsing against the body beneath him.
The Omega preened in delight and admiration, god, he loved his pups to pieces.
The boy was still mainly uncomfortable with the unwanted attention but tried to pump himself up for his history class and the hopefully defeated look of his asshole of a teacher when the boy held his presentation.
Both pups grinned at the words and felt pride wash over them at the praise. They knew that, of course, being Tony Stark's kids and everything. But hearing it from their mother always made them swoon from happiness, getting recognized by their parent naturally felt pretty great. “We’re your kids mom! Genetically it’s impossible for us to have ended up dense”, Harley explained with a laugh.
Tony smiled into the sandy coloured hair of his eldest, enjoying every bit of their lazy morning. Breakfast
Thankfully for the menu Tony held it in front of his face, trying to concentrate on the words describing the food in the restaurant and avoid awkward small talk. God, he never knew a small booklet could be his saviour when facing Captain America.
At least he still had the pie he-
Though the other part of him, mainly his Omega nature, was purring at the words, instincts of presenting his neck for mating and offering himself up to a strong Alpha like that. It stirred that part of him on, the thought of being able to proudly wear a mating bite from Steve Rogers on his neck. And ideally being filled with another pup.
“Yeah Mom! Peter contributed brain cells are significantly fewer, which is plainly unfair.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Didn’t know any of the Avengers could bake”, Harley commented mockingly.
“Guessing Clint probably told you most of it already I’m giving you the short version,” the man gave in and started the story from the beginning of the date to the incident two days ago.
Not noticing the soldier Tony was contemplating his next move silently.
An update, yayyy! Sorry guys but at the moment I have a lot of exams coming up all while I'm planning to switch universities and my major.
Which is why Peter probably choose the worst solution there was, working with his Dad during the day and writing the essay at night. Yeah, bad idea, Peter was aware, yet he didn’t seem to care. Like that, he may truly resembled his dad. Bad decisions and all. Not mentioning the lack of sleep.
Steve’s purring intensified at the mere sight of the winking Omega hole. The hole his cock will soon feel around itself. He let out a moan at the thought. Tony was going to be the end of him.
“Maybe Omega Stark just had to release himself, he’ll surely be back soon.”, Thor answered munching on a bag of crisps in his hands.
Of course first Tony made sure both his pups have finished their homework already, not wanting to deal with undone homework on a Monday morning the next day.
Steve for his part blinked slowly at the sudden presence in front of him and the sweet, intoxicating smell coming from the neck pressed to his nose. Tony. The Omega,
Peter groaned but slowly sat up regardless, not wanting to get lectured about responsibility like last time he didn’t see the point of getting out of bed.
Soon after the pup was ready to go and on the way to the kitchen. However, just as he passed the room of his brother Harley he could hear a worried voice and pick up a distressed scent. His instincts flared up at the smell, something had to be wrong he thought worried and entered the room with a small, unknowing whine.
“No, damn it Tony! I’ve liked you for years now! My feelings have nothing to do with your heat, I’ve been pining for so long at this point now and until a few weeks ago I thought you’d be unreachable for an Alpha like me!” Steve was now gripping the table forcefully, the conversation weighing down on him, food now totally forgotten on the table.
The Omega could suddenly feel eyes on him, looking across the table he saw Steve grinning at him from ear to ear bashfully, clearly still feeling sorry from before. Rolling his eyes playfully the genius returned the smile, not being able to resist the Alpha any longer.
Steve leaned down slowly and captured the genius’ lips in a sweet kiss, squeezing his sides lightly.
“AHHh YOU FUCKING SHITHEAD!! I’LL GET YOU FOR THIS IN THE NEXT ROUND!!”, Peter yelled with a raised fist. “JUST WATCH ME BITCH! I. WILL. SMITE. YOU!”
The Omega’s head snapped up, throat bared in submission, a whimper leaving Ton’s lips while his mind screamed at him to obey. Fuck his damned Omega nature. There was no possibility of escape now, he was completely at Steve’s mercy.
“Why is everyone laughing? Steve, I swear to god, if you dragged me to another talk show again I will hit your punk ass head with my metal arm,” the sudden deep mumbling cut through the loud laughter. A slow awakening Bucky Barnes was rubbing his eyes as he lifted his head to finally take in the scene in front of him.
The genius snorted at the question. “Around grumpy cyborg he sure does.”
The Omega moved backwards once again, slamming against the hard cock close to his seeping hole. “Alpha”, he moaned, pheromones mixing in the air.
“Steveee,” the Omega whined, throwing his head back dramatically.
The blond’s heart slightly broke at the Omega’s reaction. Even though Tony had no way of knowing the pie was from Steve it still hurt the Alpha’s ego and pride, the reaction of a rejected courting gift making his mood even worse.
As long as his pups were alright, the omega kept repeating in his head. His extreme worrying was probably because he didn’t have an Alpha in his life, according to Pepper. Which, okay yeah, admittedly she could be onto something there the older Omega noted but it’s wasn’t something he’d like to think about. An Alpha mate. And only one name came to his mind when he thought of a mate.
Steve licked at his neck once again in appreciation. “Me too, Omega. You ready to be knotted?”
“Never heard of him again, I actually think Pepper successfully managed to sue him, the goddess she is”, the genius laughed lightly.
However, a sudden ripping sound disturbed the sucking Omega shortly as he left out a mewl of confusion.
Tony shrugged leisurely and bend down to pick the garment up again, smiling challengingly at the female Alpha in front of him. “Nah it’ll do”, he added and started walking around the room again in search of a fitting pair of pants, completely ignoring the deep sigh let out by Pepper.
He regretted ever meeting that dickhead. Still, without him he wouldn’t have Peter and he was so damn thankful for his second pup.
Sometimes he despised being an Omega. The reduction to his most primal instincts, the attraction of a mate and the need to be filled with another pup was so unbelievable torturous. Because, well, it was the one thing Tony actually and truthfully craved. Not that his two pups weren’t enough already, but his basic Omega instinct demanded more.
Before Tony could open his mouth to clarify his point, Steve stepped in, all righteousness and bossy, which, yeah, Tony wasn’t complaining about after their make out session a few minutes ago.
Steve’s hand on his shoulder made him smile. Yeah, at least he didn’t have to parent the kid all by himself.
A few minutes later, though, Clint’s wary voice sounded off. “So you’re meant to tell me, that a simple coffee and an energy drink caused all this.”, he gestured around the room.
With that the god backed off a few steps, catching the other Alpha’s attention once again, who abruptly let out a snarl at the sight of the retreating challenger.
Sniffing the air curiously Tony could already smell the sizzling bacon from the hallway, making his stomach rumble hungrily. Another extra rumbles next to him confirmed the Omega’s suspicion, his pups obviously were desperately in need of nutrients.
“Please sit down, Tony”, he said with a soft smile and sparkling eyes.
A few hours later Peter came downstairs, rubbing sleep out of his eyes, yawning greatly.
“An adult who keeps forgetting to eat like a toddler,” Natasha commented drily, as she crossed the room to sit down in a chair close to the still rambling Clint.
Tony’s brain took a double take at the implication, the small confession. ‘Seeing an Alpha’, he really just thought of Steve like that, like it was already official, like the blond was already his Alpha. And what the fuck? Now he was completely sure, his brain has lost its function. This couldn’t be normal, shouldn’t be normal or how he should behave after one date with the man!
Fifteen minutes later Tony and his two still lightly grumbling pups reached the common floor without another hassle, only accompanied by a few complains here and there.
Suddenly an all familiar scent announced the arrival of a person who stepped out of the kitchen, coming into Tony’s view. And wasn’t his life just ironic.
And then he saw him.
“Speak up, Omega. Tell me what you want, what you really crave!”, the blond hollered with a few more aggressive trusts.
Basically just filthy smut and a bit of angst at the end.
Of course he also knew Steve would never hurt his pups. But instincts were strong as well and after an Omega’s heat Alphas were usually more dominant and possessive. So in short his young pup had some nerve to try such an act in the aftermath of the heat cycle Steve just went through a few hours ago, the feral side of him being closer to the surface than normally.
“Did I say Bucky? I obviously meant Bruce. Well, I really need to go. We should do this again and uhm you look lovely wearing the collar.” With that the blond left in a flash leaving Tony sitting at the table dumbfounded.
Blue eyes meet brown at the statement as Tony nodded at the box and scooted closer with his chair towards the wide eyed Alpha.
Tony nodded with a sigh and courtly walked towards the bathroom connected to his bedroom.
Screw getting up early. Peter’s smile and Steve’s morning kisses were worth it.
“Don’t worry, you’ll do great! Trust me, the project will be amazing,” Peter tried to reassure the Alpha and let out an encouraging purr in the process, the typical behaviour of an Omega trying to soothe an Alpha. “And remember: YOU OWE ME,” he finished with a whine and started tugging at his arm to get him to move.
“Steve?”, the sweet voice of his Omega caught his attention and made him look down at the pretty eyes trained on his face. The smile that grew on his lips at the sight of the perfect Omega quickly vanished as a sharp pain replaced his content state.
Steve opened his mouth but quickly closed it again, searching for the right thing to say, something to convince the Omega to stay, to talk to Steve and hopefully accept his courtship. But he came up with nothing.
The week started out so great and then that happened.
Steve quickly got into position, head on the pillow and hands placed on his stomach, waiting for Tony and ignoring his throbbing dick for now. The cool sheets beneath him felt pleasant on his heated skin, making him relax even more into the bedding.
Tony sighed once again. “First you’re going to apologize to Steve and then to your brother for forcing him into submission unwillingly. Also you’re doing the dishes tonight”
“It’s an apple pie!”
God, he hated it. The feeling that consumed him when a pup of his wasn’t alright. Tony couldn’t help himself. Even though his two pups weren’t small children anymore and rather teenagers, which Tony truthfully ignored most of the time out of pure angst his children one day might not need him anymore, he still babied them quite a lot.
“It’s 5pm, you nearly slept through the whole day.”, Steve said while stirring the pasta on the stove.
Tony, on the other hand, sensed the purring coming from the other man and started purring right away, his Omega signaling the other of his contentedness.
Like that several minutes passed with Tony trying to lower his head more and more down the thick cock, though, at one point he choked, this length simply being too overwhelming for him all at once. Hands in his brown locks kept him going, tracing through his strands and lightly tugging which got the Omega to emit a few moans of his own, joining the noises the Alpha made in the room.
It was utterly embarrassing and nerve wrecking.
Steve sighed into Tony’s neck and retraced his hands of his lover carefully, though, still keeping one arm around him as he faced Natasha and, as it turned out, their other teammates standing in the entrance to the common room.
He was familiar with it, gotten more familiar with it over the past two weeks to be precise.
The kid, in fact, was crouching on the ceiling, hair hanging downward, while he kept his arms close to his body, producing more webs around him, covering that side of the room in a mirroring mess to the one Steve and Tony were currently standing in.
“Finally gotten what you wanted all along, Omega?”, Steve asked as he slowly began to move his hips. “Presenting yourself like the slutty little Omega you are, I just can’t get enough of you.”
The Alpha, in fact, was staring at the Omega, still sheepishly grimacing and waiting on the other man to say something. God, he planned for his first meeting with Tony after his heat to go differently.
“IF being the keyword, pup. Besides it doesn’t matter as we don’t challenge our team mates”, Steve declared with a pointed look and shoved a forkful of scrambled eggs inside his mouth without another word.
The room lit up in a calm yellow, nothing too bright thankfully.
His kid swung back and forward in his webs, still giggling like a madmen. “I mixed coffee with an energy drink!”
The Omega only glared at the man while scrambling to find a tissue lying around. “I’m fucking allergic to tulips, Steven!”
Peter was aware that even Happy wasn’t immune to Captain America’s charm, which the boy was secretly thankful for, it would make this whole secret thing easier for him. Everything to keep this under wraps from his worried mother.
“Thor, dude, we don’t start fights with teammates inside the tower”, Clint accused as he walked up to the three men with a grimace on his face. “Though, honestly, seeing some blond on blond action would have been interesting.”
But one simple energy drink wouldn’t keep his mind awake and focused for too long, so Peter had to improvise.
A few hours later he was in the elevator on his way to Steve’s floor, since the Alpha had a ‘surprise’ prepared for him. Truthfully he was damn curious, shifting on his feet and rubbing his hands he still couldn’t believe he was actively being courted. Him, being courted. Yeah, it plainly sounded like a joke.
Yeah, he was a terrible mother.
A few days later the dreaded day had already arrived.
Tony was letting out small moans between the wet kisses on his neck. A hand slowly crept around his waist, sinking lower and finally settling on his ass to squeeze it playfully. Captain America really doesn’t do things halfway, Tony could ensure personally.
“I’m happy right now, very happy. And truly internet, non pickled food and the sweet thought of equal rights, that’s something I wouldn’t want to give up,” he finished with a laugh making the class join at the comment.
Peter smiled at the Alpha, getting into the car with a quick jump he was already thinking about his plan for the school day with a gleeful expression. Today would be interesting.
The Alpha preened at the praise and puffed out his chest in pride, taking in the reaction of his successful courting in a stride. The pheromones thickened in the room at the words.
Well, not really ‘dreaded’. It was mostly Tony’s anxiety talking and making him feel like the date was already doomed from the beginning, not even worth attending cause he would fuck up anyway, like usually when it came to relationships.
The reaction that followed was worth it all. Clint erupted into laughter at the butthurt look on Captain America’s face, like a scolded dog who just got caught chewing on his owner’s favourite pair of shoes. Who knew a super soldier could look as regretful and apologizing, mirroring the look on the pup’s faces whenever they caused trouble.
“Alpha, please fuck me”, Tony whispered exhausted. He could already tell he was close with Steve stroking his dick skillfully like that. But the Omega didn’t want to come like that, no, he craved something else.
Tony quirked his eyebrow at the two but didn’t say anything, just hoping his pup wouldn’t rope Steve into any trouble and got back to cursing at the stove, not noticing the tense look Harley had on his face beside the fridge.
The courting gift was a simple, but delicate and beautiful looking leather armband. A piece woven by Steve himself with the uttermost care, making sure the bracelet was going to mirror the Omega he wanted to give the gift to in some way.
The Alpha who was still staring at him, pupils blown wide and growling lowly.
“Omega!”, the loud growl of the blond Alpha sounded through the room.
“I made this for you and I’d be honored if you could accept it”, Steve explained carefully, trying to keep his scent calm and collected, not wanting to scare the Omega even more. Even though he was so sure of the gift this time, somehow it still didn’t work out like he wanted to.
But that was, as heartbreaking it sometimes was, all in the past.
Peter furrowing his brows and cocking his head to the side looked up at his mother, grinning cutely. “Technically, though, the rule doesn’t apply since we’re currently living in a tower.”
Tony had to do something, quickly. His heat scent was triggering Steve’s Alpha instincts like crazy, which was why he had to get out of there. Or else...Tony didn’t want to think about it.
He could spot his trembling hands from afar and god the scent, the hurt and anxiety ridden smell made the Alpha dizzy and rung his alarm bells. The pup, his Omega’s pup was hurting, was harassed at school and probably only a few minutes away from having a full on panic attack.
Some time later, while all the Avengers were trying to clean the room, gathering feathers into their arms, footsteps could be heard from down the hall.
The Omega was catching his breath above the blond for a split second, the concentrated scent clouding his mind and the presence of the Alpha’s stare behind him making him emit another whimper. However he had something else to take care of. Leaning downwards even more, presenting in a typical omegan way, Tony took the hot, stiff cock into his hands once again, taking note of the pulsing erection and precum dripping head, teasing him to no end.
But turned out is was a pretty big deal.
Peter waved lightly and smiled in return. “Thank you! Good luck on your art project!” The sarcastic middle finger he received only made him laugh.
Tony should have known it.
The Alpha was tempted. So fucking tempted.
The young Alpha shook his head and just looked so upset, scent mixing confusingly.
Blue meet brown as the seconds passed slowly after the Alpha’s confession.
“Peter, are you alright?’’, Steve asked concerned, voice full of worry. One zombie like coffee addict was enough for him to handle, he didn’t need to add a kid zombie to the list, though Tony seemed to be in better shape than ever these past days he noted.
“Shhh, kid. It’s all good, nothing happened, no need to apologize.”, Tony reassured the fumbling boy and swiftly pulled him into his arms, smushing his face into Peter’s hair, inhaling the scent of his kid leisurely.
“You alright there, Steve? You’re looking a little pale…”, the curious voice of Tony cut through his inner anxious thoughts as a thumb rubbed across the back of his hand.
Steve was also strangely enjoying the day, spending time with Peter and his friends while visiting classes. It was nice, getting to know the young Omega on such a personal level. No regrets were present anymore in his mind, all replaced with ease and gratefulness to be able to experience such a moment.
“Alpha, fuck me please,” he complained. “Haven’t I been a good Omega? Wasn’t I satisfying?”
A beautiful black coloured leather band with silver accents.
The genius turned sideways while losing the grasp on Pepper’s waist in the process and promptly caught the eyes of his eldest.
Oh and btw I was binge watching Haikyuu!! throughout writing the whole chapter haha
I've decided not to apologize for long chapters anymore, since it's actually pretty great for my reader I think.
Harley, his Alpha brother, the oldest. He has always been the leader, the strong one, a boy people listened to and admired. Well, except the countless mischievous pranks he was always pulling, his brother was, at least in Peter’s eyes, close to perfect. No matter how much they fought, bickered and annoyed each other, the young Omega would always look up to his brother.
Now, seeing all the Avengers, even Natasha, looking caught off guard and at a loss for words was a sight to behold, if you asked Tony. But, well, he understood the situation pretty well, since it was Peter they were talking about. Sweet, polite and friendly, looking like an actual puppy, Peter. His kid who still prefered his school lunches without crust around the bread, the kid who cried when he stepped on a butterfly once and the kid who took naps with Tony every Friday, when he visited the tower after school, tired out of his mind.
The other man rubbed his head awkwardly and tried to say something to back up his intention but was spared by the Omega.
“It’s fine. Thank you, Alpha”, Tony commented and pat the Alphas chest like a praise before walking towards the elevator located in the garage, leaving a trail of sweet omegan scent behind him.
At the same time Steve tried to understand the range of emotions the Omega was currently going through. He woke up smelling a strain of bitterness beside him coming off the genius in waves ever so often accompanied by a few omegan purrs here and there.
Steve was groaning into Tony’s neck desperately, chasing his release and waiting for his knot to finally pop. A successful breeding being the only thing on his mind anymore. Pups.
The boy, was still sitting on the ground of the hallway, knees pulled to his chest and arms circling his legs, hands grasping his pants while looking around the room in a daze. A few whimpers still escaped his lips, though his scent was less frightened now and spiked more with confusion than anything else. His big brown eyes blinked at his mother and Tony felt another pang in his chest at the sight.
Tony could still feel the icy gaze of the Alpha as he informed him of his pregnancy, how he dropped the files in his hands and charged at him with dominance overthrowing the scent in the room. It wasn’t something the genius liked to remember.
“Go ahead, Omega”, Steve nodded and grasped the base of his cock tighter, moving forward.
In the end Bruce was the only one who joined them and abruptly chuckled at Clint retelling of the Alpha fight of the century that nearly took place in their kitchen.
The ride upwards to the penthouse, where Tony guessed his pups currently where was rather quick, which thankfully settled his nerves somewhat. He was on his way, already getting closer to his pups. Yet the guilt still ate away at him, the nerve he had to just disappear after the date last night and well to his defense he certainly did not plan on spending the night with Steve. Or the morning.
It wasn’t like the genius couldn’t be in the same room with Steve or something like that. No, they were, after a messy start, friends and truthfully Tony treasured time with the Alpha.
Kissing the crown of Peter’s head and rubbing his back lovingly Tony let out apologizing purrs. “I’m sorry Pete but I got caught up in the lab last night, you know how your aunt loves to torture me with new projects.” Yeah, Tony felt terrible, lying to his pups felt just so wrong but what was he supposed to do? Harley was still sensitive and just merely managed to calm his overpowering instincts, thus, Tony couldn’t risk triggering him once again.
The man growled in satisfaction and the Omega reacted swiftly, bearing his neck voluntarily, true to his submissive position in that moment. The Omega accepted the Alpha as a heat mate.
“Now what’s this about, kid?”, Steve asked when they came to a stop in the library of the common floor.
A few minutes passed with both of the Omegas embracing each other on the floor, a content Omega scent rising in the air. All while the two Alphas stood behind the pair, eyes traced on the ground, a guilty, bitter scent emitting from their scent glands. It was humiliating.
That only left one person.
Used to the awed expression of people meeting him for the first time, though, a class of thirty students did not have the same effect at all.
“Daad, I brewed something exquisite, really, you should all try it! It makes your mind go wooosh.”, he laughed loudly, eyes transfixed on the two men, proud as ever.
Now, Peter of course, if you asked the boy, could give you an answer.
The man in front quickly parked the car right in front of the school and looked at his watch. “Five minutes, kid. Better hurry though.”
The Alpha was blinded by pleasure himself, slowly grinding his knot against the milking hole and riding out his long orgasm, his cock steadily filling the Omega beneath him.
Okay what? The Omega wanted to open his mouth to reject the idea but the Alpha cut him to it once again.
Back in the kitchen Tony finally caught a glimpse of the chaos across the food ridden counters and in the middle of it all his oldest and the several aunts and uncles of his. Big families sure cause big messes the genius noticed.
Tony didn’t have the heart to depict all the reason she was wrong.
“Now what are you smiling at?”, the voice of the brown haired man asked suspiciously.
And, wow, Tony rarely noticed how much Steve cared about his simple well being. It was nice and close to domestic, which shoved another desire at him, the Omega really had no patience to contemplate.
“You should probably go get some rest, you look exhausted”, Tony added while looking at the ground embarrassed, not daring to catch the look on Steve’s face.
Peter was, if Tony was being completely honest, a really bad actor. His pup, god knows why, never really learned how to lie or to cover something up without someone finding out. And, yeah sure, the responsible parental side of him was preening at the matter of fact but every other part of him was full on worrying.
Steve, still startled from his gift that just disappeared into Clint’s mouth, awkwardly mirrored the gesture.
A teacher, Mr Johnson, his history teacher has for some reason always disliked the young boy since the start of the school year. Perhaps it was because of his experiences prior with Harley or the fact Peter managed to fall asleep during his class a few times before. But his grades suffered, which was, according to the teen, simply unfair.
The others of the group, except Natasha, like a switch was flipped, noticed the chaos around the common room and gasped at it openly.
The Alpha, in fact, just rolled his eyes lovingly at the sight in front of him, being used to Peter’s uncoordinated movements when half asleep. Even got a few bruises because of it a few times, but Harley wasn’t one to bear a grudge, not in case of his younger brother that is. Though teasing surely was allowed in his books.
Hadn’t Tony known what caused this, he’d probably be laughing, claiming he’d missed the biggest pillow fight in existence. Tough luck, he thought.
“Kiddos, as much as I love cuddling with both of you all day long, I have to admit my stomach loves food a damn lot too,” Tony broke the calm silence, ruffling the hair of both his kids in the process, a smile plastered on his face. “I’m thinking pancakes, that alright?”
Steve stammered lightly as the boy only stared at the man, slurping his drink loudly in the process.
What else was he supposed to do than invite Captain America, a real witness of the thirties, the decade he had to do the project on, to help him out?
An Omega was contently munching on said muffing, which only sat unsupervised for mere seconds!
The Omega was emitting an unwilling scent of want and pride, pride at seeing an Alpha like Steve Rogers offer him an unmistakable courting gift. A gift every Omega would kill for, Tony was sure. Though, he was still capable of using his brain, not influenced by his second gender and Tony was deeply aware that the perfect Alpha in front of him couldn’t want him. Not seriously, not ever. He didn’t deserve Steve, no matter what happened between them already.
All Alpha dominant behaviour beside, this wasn’t how a family acted with one another, not in the tower and not under Tony’s supervision.
Though, Steve stays the perfect Alpha and gives him another, rather exciting and surprisingly kinky gift. Something Tony didn't know he was craving before.
“Nooo.”, the child whined, shooting web after web at the furniture in the room, making the room look more white than ever.
Tony raised his head, looking upwards, trying to spot Peter in the low lightening of the room. Only his kid could produce that amount of artificial webs in such a short time and wide range and Tony was concerned, because usually Peter would be sound asleep at this time of the day. He had school tomorrow for hell’s sake and the boy couldn’t miss another day.
Steve noticed right away and cockily placed his own hand on his clothed cock. “Don’t worry, Omega. You’ll be getting your fill soon enough,” he smirked and squeezed his dick in confirmation.
A sudden arm sneaked around his waist, while a snoring face squished itself against his stomach. The scent of Omega distress reached his nose, alarming his brain in the process.
Tony whimpered and bared his neck in submission, his right hand having disappeared in his pants, clearly jerking off to the dominant behaviour in front of him. God, he was so fucked. He never meant to be confronted by the Alpha he was lusting after during his heat. He was so damn fucked. Only problem, he wasn’t literally being fucked. Damn his Omega brain.
Steve sighed deeply beside Tony, already sensing this was gonna be a long night. “Peter.”, he cut through the boy’s rambling with a firm voice. “Please get down from the ceiling and tell us what’s wrong.”
Tony could already feel the thickening base of the godly Alpha cock and shivered in anticipation. This, this was what he was waiting for. The feeling of being filled to the brim with hot cum, hole being completely drenched, a true breeding. To fill him with another pup.
“No way! We had pancakes last Sunday! I demand waffles or nothing!”
God, he felt like such a bad mother lately. Actively seeing somebody sure did take up a lot of time, time the Omega usually spend working or with his two kids. So they just had to feel neglected lately, Tony was positive. Even though Harley and Peter were both growing up steadily - god did time pass quickly- they still relied an awful lot on their mother.
Couldn’t Tony see it himself? The raw and intense instincts Steve acted on around him? The situation with Harley was the perfect example of an Alpha trying to impress an Omega and not backing down no matter what, even if it was just a pup challenging him.
The Alpha always managed to bring the omegan side out of Tony.
But what the ever loving hell did Alphas like? Except sex and scenting. He could buy Steve an art studio, however, aware how much the man treasured the simple pleasures of capturing feelings on canvas. Yeah, maybe that would do. Or sex, if nothing else worked.
Movement and a small whine brought his attention back to his pup, who was still gripping the man like a lifeline. The whine, in fact, settled Tony’s worry slightly as it implied a cranky Omega child and not an anxiety ridden child plagued by nightmares.
Those fucking manners, he though in awe. The Omega sat down on the comfortable chair and thanked the man quickly, still feeling his heated cheeks.
Suddenly the person beside him sprung up as if being struck by lightning. The short and confused “Mom?” muttered by a half asleep young Alpha pup being the only warning right before Tony scrambled away from the couch, running out of the room a string of curses heard from the hallway.
The adults, even though completely drained of energy, smiled at the boy’s now calm faced, though let out a relieved sighed.
Thank you for reading!
Harley groaned in annoyance but muttered a quick ‘fine’ and disappeared into the kitchen, leaving the two adults behind.
Tony swiftly wrapped the boy up in his arms and scented him deeply, in hopes of his Omega scent calming the young Omega down. A smile graced his lips as Peter’s scent slowly changed back to its natural sweet cinnamon smell, yet throughout it all fast asleep.
The picture that appeared made the Alpha’s mouth fall open speechless.
Steve only nodded meekly and kept his head hanging low. “I’m aware kid.”
Tony was baffled. Never has he seen his kid like that. Rubbing at his head one question kept repeating in his head, what the hell did his kid take? Was the boy hearing colour?
Steve Rogers deserved the world and Tony was only an unworthy man, sinking in between anxiety and insecurity. And then there was the simple fact of him being damaged goods, used before, body run-down due to two birthings. No sane Alpha wanted someone like Tony.
The Alpha was watching in delight, a small smirk on his lips as he pulled down his own pants.
Slamming his head boldly against the Alpha's head hurt like a bitch. Nothing like the movies always portrayed. But, it had its wishful effect, even though Tony probably had a red mark himself now.
“Yes. I’ll go on a date with you, Alpha.”
Not Steve though and maybe the realization, the fact that the blond didn’t just take without any further concern for his partner, was what spurred Tony’s nature on with a swarm of horny omegan thoughts taking his usual logical brain hostage.
Nudging his pup in the direction of his older brother, making sure the young Omega wasn’t left alone, Tony faced the scene. Both Alphas were now only a few feet away from each other, not as much of a distance Tony would have hoped for.
“Sir, for your information, I announced the arrival to the Captain’s floor four times in a distance of thirty seconds, to which you have not responded repetitiously.”
Meanwhile the other man retreated from his lover’s mouth and started trailing small kisses down his neck, which Tony arched into so beautifully, so what else could the blond do than take and take, as much as Tony was willing to give.
Though, she was already gone, with a smirk being the only thing Tony saw before the doors closed again.
To say the beginning of the evening was awkward was a total understatement wasn’t quite right.
The sound of happy Omega, of a happy Tony, was so pleasing and probably his favourite. Not counting the moans and whimpers Steve was already able to hear though. No, these sounds weren’t comparable.
(See the end of the chapter for
So Tony, for the love of god, still couldn’t grasp why, of all the Omegas available, Steve chose him to ask on a date. And, most importantly, why the hell did Tony accept the Alpha’s offer just like that?
“We wanted to build a real life working death star. The one from the movies you love so much Mom. But since you weren’t here I couldn’t get into the lab for the needed materials, so naturally I had to end up using the old lego bricks from Uncle Clint’s floor.”
Peter leaned against the wall a few ways down from Mr. Johnson’s classroom and texting his brother. Though he didn’t receive any answer and when he tried to reach his mother he also did not reply, which was just plain out weird considering his Omega mother was pretty protective.
Peter wasn’t one to just let anyone close to his mother as clingy as he was.
Thank you for reading <3 <3 <3
God, he could never get enough of seeing Tony like that.
Steven Grant Rogers was just too perfect for his own good. A person would be mental not to fall in love with the legendary Alpha.
Now Peter was a good student, easily amused and interested in nearly everything that he came across which consequently earned him the highest grades in every class. Except history, a subject he studied just as hard for as for the others but Mr. Johnson, no matter what, had been refusing to give him the credit he deserved.
“Now continue breakfast like you promised. It’s nearly noon and none of us have eaten anything yet, which comes close to a tragedy.”
This was always nice.
Slowly the man outstretched his hands and embraced the teen carefully, to which the kid did not react at first. Though as soon as Steve started purring and flooding their space with a domestic and safe scent, an action usually reserved for the pup’s parents, Peter sighed into the contact and let his hands fall down beside himself to raise his nose towards the scent.
The young Omega blushed lightly at the question which received a mischievous grin from Harley beside him. “Go on, tell Mom about your breathtaking idea, a true contribution to the science world”, the young Alpha nudged the boy with his elbow.
“Turns out I was worried without a real reason. You handle this perfectly, considering you’re, well, still you.” She swiftly bend down to the same eye level and planted a short, but meaningful, kiss on Tony’s cheek. “I’m really proud of you, Tony.”
The other man was close to sobbing at the feeling of bliss and belonging. The arm around him, Steve’s presence made him feel special and safe, so safe. He needed more. “Fucking knot me, you knothead!”
Yet, the collar was something else entirely.
Now the Alpha was sure he had a streak of bad luck and faith was openly mocking him.
Heck, he was even brave enough to wrap his arm around the man a few minutes ago! So why couldn’t his mouth proceed in the same tactful act? Must be the direct eye contact and them sitting in front of each other, no place to hide anything, any emotion or gesture.
The Omega chuckled at the reply. Nat, of course. She always meddled with other people’s lives, especially Tony’s at that, though he couldn’t really complain and rather mentally thanked her for keeping his nose snot free.
The pup beside Steve was close to laughing at the obvious flirtation of the Beta but contained himself before anyone could notice.
Now, however, he could feel the lid give way and the possessive instincts take over at the thought, the possibility, that Peter was trusting another Alpha over his Omega mother.
Suddenly, before Steve could reply, he could hear quick footsteps advancing as a person came to a stop right beside the blond Alpha. Tony’s and Steve’s heads both turned at the all familiar scent, spiked with excitement. Peter.
Walking closer to the Omega, not listening for a second to the genius’ protest, Steve came to a stop right in front of the machine. And like that, a huge amount of pheromones hit him, setting a growl free from his throat, cock pulsing in his pants.
“Your move Captain,” Tony whispered huskily into the Alpha’s ear. “You have officially received permission to wreck me.”
The boy gulped loudly but looked up at his mother regardless, scent dripping with guilt.
He died and reached heaven, he was sure.
As they reached the bedroom Tony turned around swiftly and threw his arms around the blond once more with a wicked smile. “You remember my heat, Alpha?”, he purred in Steve’s ear and gave the lobe a small teasing lick. “Remember how you fucked me good, took care of me so nicely, such a caring Alpha you are.”
“Please Tony. I think we should talk about what happened and sort out-”
Steve watched the scene unfold, both friends playfully breaking out into a banter with Cint adding a sarcastic comment here and there.
To some extent Tony did blame himself. It was his fault Harley was never able to learn how to actually deal with older Alphas, most importantly how to deal with his mother’s heat mates when the heat cycle was over. An important lesson for overly protective pups and another big factor in understanding the three dynamics.
So naturally he only saw the other heroes at the end of every week and he always enjoyed the time, cherished it even, especially his alone time with Tony, or as he began to call him, Dad.
A few moment passed with no one speaking in the room, not daring to rile the now purring Alpha up once again.
Steve frowned. “Tony! Peter can’t stand, yet alone go to school.”
So yah Steve and Peter's relationship got some development in this chapter
“MOM YOU’RE BACK!”, the excited, unmistakable voice of his youngest pup Peter came from the doorway.
The smile he got in return was totally worth his answer.
Natasha’s firm gaze across the room caught Steve’s eyes and he cocked an eyebrow in question. “You’ll see,” the female Alpha smirked.
Tony cocked an eyebrow at the poor excuse. “Bucky is seeing his therapist right now.”
He could slow footsteps getting closer and an unmistakable scent reaching his nose, making his hold on his Alpha only tighten.
Steve furrowed his eyebrows doubtfully. “Another failed mating? When did you- when were you ever-”
Just not when being close to his heat.
Okay sorry first of all for the long wait! I am rather busy at the moment and despite that I feel like every chapter deserves enough time to write, since I also want it to turn out well
“Please accept this gift Tony”, the blond tried once more with pleading eyes.
Steve smiled at the thoughtfulness. “I wanted to try something.”
The young Alpha in fact kept up his growls, though, his eyes slightly widened at the tall Alpha across from him. He knew he only had a minimal chance of setting his dominance above the older man, but he was holding on. Mostly because of his mother.
And after all, if it didn’t work out in the end, the sex was amazing and Tony was sure to enjoy it as long as he could.
Tony glared up at the ceiling. Fucking traitor.
The genius squeezed his eyes shut, trying to hold in his tears. Why? Why did he always manage to fuck everything up! Now, the Avengers team will suffer from his horny choices.
A familiar presence of two bodies on either side of Tony radiated a calming, soft heat. Nothing uncomfortable, but rather a constant aura of safety flooded the room and consequently, still the half asleep brain of Tony Stark.
God, Tony didn’t even want to think about the day both turned sixteen and problems like ruts and heats would arrive.
And, yeah, right, Tony realized. Only one thing to do now.
Steve’s eyes bored into his lover from beside him. “You think Peter took something?”
The Omega in the room furrowed his brows at the slight change of pheromones in the air. A hint of sourness slowly tainting his pup in front of him. “Pup?”, he asked worriedly.
Letting the two Alphas wait, Tony turned to his youngest pup, wanting to make sure Peter was alright before scolding the others further.
The screech of a chair could be heard as the Alpha tried to move closer, leaning over the table and gently gripping the small hand in his. Now was the time to ask Tony. He just hoped the man finally understood his sincere intention.
Did he mention the shirt he was wearing? Because, yeah, skin tight shirts should truly be illegal at this point before Tony acted on his instincts all over again.
Coffee mixed with an energy drink.
“I see,” the woman finally answered with a far off look, as she took in the words.
He couldn’t afford thoughts like that regardless.
The atmosphere in the car was tense with Happy concentrating on driving, Peter still starring absentmindedly at his hands, the teen was fumbling with shakingly, a trait he sure picked up from his mother, and Steve feeling as out of place as ever.
Gripping the sheets for dear life, he moaned exhausted.
“Pete.”, Tony’s voice started. “What are you doing up there, kid?”
A moment later the  young boy, or rather the troublemaker from the night prior, Peter, came into the room a stack of papers in his arms and a smile on his face. “Hey gu-oh wow did you throw a party yesterday?”, he asked curiously, cocking his head to the side cutely.
The scent of his pups got closer as well and Tony caught both boys etching closer to their still occupied mother, clearly innerly torn between keeping as much space between them and Steve and needing the familiar comfort of their parent.
Tony couldn’t believe what just happened. This was the third time he had sex with the Alpha in less than two weeks.
Okay, and wrong sentence, because a few seconds after Steve stopped speaking the kid’s eyes widened and he started crawling all over the ceiling. “Nooo I can’t! I’m a spider and spiders don’t use the floor, Mr. America.”
Tony whined at the pheromones fogging his mind out of the blue. The trusting pressure at his ass grew as did his own arousal, wetness instantly leaking from his hole just adding to the heating scent in the air. The small kisses and few bites at his neck brought the Omega to pure bliss, teasing his mind and making him imagine how a real bite would feel. A mating bite from Steve, his Alpha.
He was close already, so fucking close.
Harley’s eyes widened at the sudden question and he quickly regained control of his whirling thoughts while rubbing his hand against his dark blond covered head. “You look fine, I guess?”
The bedroom door slammed open with a loud bang, a soft glow entering the room.
“Looks like we gotta do this the hard way.”
Thanks again for reading <3
Rogers simply rubbed him the wrong way, only ever making him want to challenge, challenge the older Alpha and show him who’s superior. Sure the pup was painfully aware he would never be able to win against a super soldier Alpha and merely trying should ring his inner alarm bells like crazy, should make him want to retreat with his tail between his legs and hide behind his mother.
The Alpha, though was exceptionally gazing at the brown haired Omega. Did he say something wrong? Steve just wanted to help and, okay, maybe he had hoped for Tony to accept him as a potential mate so he could start courting him for real. But, now, Tony was just staring at the floor, sweat dripping down his neck, with flushed cheeks and a bulge still noticeable in his pants.
“Thank you”, Steve said and made his way down the hallway towards the office.
Because damn. Tony wasn’t overly vain but he had to admit, the sight in the mirror amazed him to a certain degree.
“Actually guys, this wasn’t Tony’s doing.”
And, wow. Tony, if he weren’t so worried by the statement, would have been in awe at how similar they were, because, damn it, he would have tried something like that too. Probably. Not around Steve, naturally.
“I- I don’t know, Steve”, the Omega muttered unsure. Now this, this wasn’t working out at all how Tony planned it.
Even though Tony was savouring the close moment with Peter he still had something else to do and frankly he still had two pups to feed. Which was why he slowly loosened his arms from around his youngest and looked at him with a smile. “Why don’t you go to the kitchen already, I’m just gonna talk to the Alpha brutes over here and you can already pick out the ingredients for dinner”.
That said, the Alpha nearly jumped up when he parked the car and hurried to open the door, to run around the vehicle and open the door for the dazed looking Omega staring at the man in wonder.
He hoped Nat wouldn’t skin him alive for his stupidity. Though at this point he wasn’t sure he’d mind.
It took both of the heroes nearly two hours to get Peter from down the ceiling, which included throwing pillows, the boy ripped apart as he noticed them being filled with feathers and laughing the whole time as he swung around the feather filled room. Furniture got turned over, due to jumping on and over it, like a game of the floor is lava as Peter scattered across the room cackling like a mad man, or rather, mad spider.
Now that put a smile on the teen’s face. The project he worked on for four days straight was due today.
Tony snorted. “God, we sound like we’re a typical married couple, with a child sleeping upstairs.”
I hope you like how things turn out to be! So far I can say that something major will happen next chapter :)
Maybe the universe was punishing him for something, the pup couldn’t explain it otherwise.
Happy looked at both of them intensely before shaking his head wordlessly, clearly expressing his disappointment. “Whatever, just don’t mention my name when Tony finds out about this.”
“Newsflash idiot just because you’re a Stark doesn’t mean you you’re not an Omega, a weak little shit who’s just born to be looked down at.”
Tony’s reaction was immediate as he sprung up from his chair with a smile just as Natasha was entering the lab. Without any regard the Omega ran up to her, who was already waiting with outstretched arms and embraced the smiling Omega with a direct purr, reacting to the emitting scent.
The brown haired pup was crouching behind his Omega mother, close to the walls of the hallway, squeezing his eyes shut while a whimper escaped his lips. Clearly the dominant displace of the two Alphas in the room was getting to him, making him cower and submit unwillingly.
Tony looked up with wide eyes suspiciously. “That’s- that’s all you’re going to say?!”, he wailed at a calm looking Nat and set his mug down on the table forcefully. “Now counting I had sex with Captain America, Steve Rogers, three times already! That’s not- it’s not...uhh.”
Every cell in his body was telling him to submit, submit to the snarling blond Alpha standing only a mere feet away from him. His strong pheromones hit Tony like a truck, telling his Omega instincts to present himself, bare his neck and offer himself up for mating.
Steve’s inner Alpha was rioting at his team mates nerves, so close to lashing out and making the brash Omega submit with his Alpha voice.
“Consider it done, Sir.”
“The punk got balls, gotta hand it to ‘em.”, Bucky’s rough voice cut through the silence.
And then, then Tony finally, after so many days, pulled out the courting gift and Steve could only purr even louder, satisfied he finally managed to court the man properly.
“So I “googled””, the blond gestured with air quotes. “And stumbled upon the information that the restaurant from over seventy years ago still existed, only on the outskirts of New York.”
Just what was the man stirring inside of him? He can’t remember ever being so Alpha hungry in his whole life. A brush against Steve’s morning wood was all it took! All it took to make them have sex.
Tony had to bite his tongue to not let a whimper out at the statement. “Just for clarification, my pups can’t see me like this, in fact no one can see me like this. That way I will only wear the collar around you when we’re alone. Understood, Captain?”
“HARLEY!”, Tony exclaimed as he let his cutlery fall onto his plate with a loud clinking noise. “That’s enough, young man”, the pissed of scent coming from the Omega took affect quickly and made the pup wince apologetic.
Peter smiled gratefully at the Alpha, thankful for him having put up with them. Now, though, they had to ace the project, so the boy took hold of Steve’s sleeve again, a move he’d been doing all day to ensure the man wouldn’t get lost, and made his way down the hall towards his history class.
Finally the boy started his presentation with a pleasant flow. Steve was listening interested, liking to hear stories he actually could also talk about and didn’t miss out on due to being frozen. Also the boy was handling the whole thing spectacularly in his eyes, even though the small hint of a panicked spiced scent tickled his nose.
“We can take it slow, you can set the pace. Just let us try it, don’t claim it as impossible before we even tried it. I’ve liked you for so long now and I’d be the happiest man if I could prove it to you.”
Closing the door to cut off the bickering down the hall Tony breathed out with a small smile. His pups were handful but the Omega was happy it was his handful.
Yeah, Harley and Peter were growing up steadily and Tony kept on watching them with admiration and sadness. God, it felt like yesterday, holding both of them in his arms for the first time.
“Gee, your talent for compliments are astounding kid”, the mother rolled his eyes lovingly and stared at the suspiciously behaving pup once again. Something had to be wrong?
Quickly Tony went over to his closet, pulled out a random pair of sweats and a shirt, he got dressed in a hurry.
“Complain once again and I’ll make it five”, Tony pointed out with a serious stare.
One finger stroked the wet cloth between his ass cheeks in a teasing manner and the Omega moaned out desperately, close to coming already again.
Steve was confused, was Tony sick? Why wasn’t he resting then?
Just his timing the boy remarked innerly and panicked at the advancing group. He was the perfect target right now, all by himself in an empty hallway, his protective brother sick and probably being talked about in the school for bringing Steve with him.
After an uneventful car ride, with Steve driving himself, an unusual sight if you asked Tony since the Alpha preferred using his motorcycle, they arrived at a small, charming looking restaurant on the outskirts of New York.
In an instance a loud ferocious growl ripped throughout the whole room, walls shaking from the sheer volume and disrupting both Alphas.
Steve looked on wordlessly and, honestly, frightened of the small omegan teen. The boy was now cursing widely, flashes on the screen, Steve didn’t understand, signaling something happening on the screen.
“You think you’re tough now, Stark? Let me show you what tough is you little shit.” Like that he raised his fist with fangs grinning down at the tired looking Omega.
The boy left and Steve let out a sigh relieved but nonetheless still in shock at the sheer attitude of the young kids based on something uncontrollable like their dynamic. It was such an old mindset it even surprised the man out of time, who was glad it was overly better for Omegas these days. But apparently that did not change school bullies.
“How much time left, Happy?”, Peter asked curiously and jumping slightly in his seat out of excitement.
His pups, Harley and Peter are, as usually, up to no good making Tony realize how little time he has spend lately with them all while the bunch is trying to manage a chaotic breakfast with the other team members.
“Didn’t know you could bake”, Clint commented with a smile.
Tony stammered awkwardly, eyes searching for the ground and shoulders tensing. “What the hell do you think you’re doing, Steven?”
The other man was cowering at the displace and looked at him expectantly, trying to stir him into motion, to set an end to the stupid Alpha dick measuring contest. If only Nat was there at the moment. She wouldn’t hesitate to stomp some sense into the thick skulls of the growling Alphas.
A few minutes later, both still bound together, were lying in a spooning position. Steve was trailing slow kisses along Tony’s shoulders while the genius was trying to catch his breath.
And he had to admit, he was glad Pepper convinced him to wear what she picked out.
I'm sick and need to study for uni but here's an update anyway
A new courting gift.
The nerve the Omega had.
In reality, though, it wasn’t that much time after all and Steve was innerly panicking the whole time.
Apparently not Natasha’s curious eyes told him.
“Never would have imagined Captain America, ‘Mr. let's play by the rules’, would be so willing to ditch school.”, Tony snickered from beside him playfully. Even Bucky let out a small laugh, which Tony, of course, soaked up right away.
The Omega’s mind slightly calmed at the statement, Steve wasn’t an Alpha like Andrew.
Steve didn’t understand, what was going on? Everything was alright a few minutes ago.
Yet, his boyfriend behind him, must have thought otherwise as he sat up grumbling.
“So you think just because you brought Captain America to school you’re better than us?”, one of the Alphas asked disgusted.
“Pup?”, the deep voice of Steve brought him back to the still open question asked by Happy.
“Don’t-don’t mention it”, Tony quickly interrupted as he felt blood rushing to his cheeks. Fuck no, Tony didn’t want to talk about the heat they spend together. Not now, not ever, if he had any control over it. Though, of course would the handsome Alpha want to talk.
“You’re just a stupid, little, useless Omega who will end just like your pathetic mother, cum soaked-”
The taller male only clicked his tongue in concentration, now rubbing the slick emitting hole, the hole his cock will be breeding in a few moments. Damn, he couldn’t wait any longer.
Crouching down in front of the sitting Omega, the Alpha looked him slowly up and down. Taking in the ruffled hair, loosened shirt and wet patch at the front of the man’s pants, Steve smirked in delight. He couldn’t get enough of this view, wishing he had some sort of camera to capture the moment. Though that would take too long, the Alpha wasn’t going to wait any longer.
Tony smiled at the hyper presence of the small Omega. “We’re going to talk about this later, understood?”, he asked Harley quickly as Peter walked up to them.
Bruce was standing next to the coffee machine, which reminded Tony of another craving he’d been ignoring all morning. Wearing just sweatpants and a T-shirt the Beta was tiredly sipping his drink, the Hulk mug noticeable across the room with its bright green colours, seemingly exhausted from the teams previous activity.
“That’s enough J, thank you.”
“Hey! Watch it birdbrain! I could still take you on any time!”, Tony complained loudly, having recovered from the shock of suddenly seeing his teammates in the doorway. Screw them, it was his tower, he could make out with Steve wherever and whenever he wanted to. The genius had no shame like that.
As the blond began to crowd his space, nuzzling his neck and, was that, biting? Steve was openly nibbling at his neck, like a starving man who has just tasted his first meal in weeks.
“Uh- do you know where your mother is? I have some business to discuss with him.”, he finally said.
“Steve”, Tony forced out desperately. “If it’s because of us spending my heat together than that’s quite normal for Alphas, the feeling of possessiveness and such.”
It took Tony a moment but then he erupted into light laughter. “You could have just said you wanted to do the 69-position.”
“Captain America, sir!”, he saluted mockingly earning a smile from both adults at the ridiculous motion. “May I borrow you for just a few minutes? It’s from upper importance”, he declared with a wicked grin.
“But promise we can all sleep in the nest tonight!”, Peter begged as he pulled away from the hug and beamed up at his mother. God, cuteness alarm Tony thought amused.
Not knowing how to answer Steve did the next best thing that came to his mind to get rid of the problem. With a noticeable sound he placed the pretty box, the courting gift was wrapped in, on the table. “It’s for you,” he spilled and nervously watched Tony’s reaction.
The Alpha growled at the sudden shout and playfully bit down lightly on the Omega’s neck, wanting him to calm down once again, not risking for him to move too much in danger of pulling at the still inflated cock. “Well, I usually get up around 6 AM, I was awake and had nothing else to do and you were snoring so cutely.”
The blond man behind him moved abruptly, tightening his arm around the Omega’s waist, who let out a slight squeak at the gesture, and peeked over Tony’s shoulder, angling his face as to look at the genius’ face. A  strain due to their position, but the Alpha was curious nonetheless. He had to check on the Omega’s distress, had to see if the smaller man was alright.
Tony antics, like usual, she thought fondly.
He carefully licked across the wet rim, the sweet omegan taste reaching his tongue as the man under him began to moan.
And that was how he disappeared into his room, the adults not batting an eye at the food and drinks he carried with him, teenagers after all.
“I wouldn’t even say it was a friends with benefits sort of relationship since the Alpha and I weren’t even friends, just lab acquaintances that worked together one the rare occasion. Anyway, we had sex a couple times and it was all good, peachy even and not complicated with feelings or some shit. So yeah, I wasn’t on birth control, since it’s not needed outside of a heat and I never planned on spending my heat with that Alpha anyway.”
“You don’t want me”, Tony simply stated with teary eyes and a sad smile directed at the other man.
The pup closed the door with a bang and turned towards the Alpha with a wide and somewhat scary grin. “You owe me and I demand to be payed right now”, he declared with innocent eyes.
“May I, Alpha?”, Tony asked, biting his lip and looking up at the purring Alpha.
Above the boy stood no other than Steve Rogers, with bared fangs and strong Alpha scent rolling off him, underlining his superior status and his rooted ferocity.
“Get your clothes off, Omega”, Steve ordered with another growl, already working on loosening the buckle of his own pants, not wanting to wait any longer to feel the blissful skin skin on skin contact to match their mixing pheromones in the air.
The man’s excited eyes quickly noted the other two men in the kitchen and his brain stalled for a moment, seeing Steve standing by the sink, looking as tasty and hot as ever.
“I’m-I’m okay, I guess”, he mumbled into Tony’s shoulder. “What-what just happened?”
The genius laughed and nuzzled Steve’s neck breathing in the smell that was so unmistakably Steve Roger. He was in love.
The Alpha across the room glared at the genius with a fed up expression and quickly crossed the room without a second thought. Someone apparently had to talk some sense into the idiot, she thought bitterly.
With that Tony undressed in flash, pulling his expensive jacket and shirt off and throwing it somewhere in the room. His shoes were next which he just kicked off without any regard, pants following in a flash. Just like that he was left in his underwear, panting breathlessly and looking back at the now naked Alpha in front of him.
There he was, his kid, well their kid if Tony was being honest, though it was no time to contemplate that topic further.
She’s always been like that. Worried. Skillfully disguising her emotions as always, though Tony has known her for years now, years in which she finally loosened up around her teammates. That way he was aware when she was seriously worried, like right now for example.
Grasping the right side of the Omega’s waist with his hand that rested around Tony’s side a few seconds ago, the Alpha let out another growl and promptly lurched forward with his head, settling his nose against the smooth neck close to him. The smell, god, he couldn’t get enough.
And Nat was out this time.
Tony watched the other man in a daze, not daring to say anything under the intense stare of his. The Omega felt so unbelievable naked in front of Steve, yet he was still dressed. For once he didn’t have any witty comments left for Captain America.
Steve was close to moaning at the pressure his lower regions suddenly received. A collared Omega in his lap, no, a collared Tony in his lap, was like a wet dream. Though, this was reality and the blond could touch the man on top of him with ease, which he did eagerly, one hand feeling the material around Tony’s neck and the other slowly moving downwards.
“No, that’s not what I meant with-”
Just thank you all <3
Though, the questioning look from across bore through the man with a sting and he obviously had no other choice.
You could miss the moments you were never able to experience as well as move on to something new entirely. As it was Steve lived in the present and the present gave him reasons to stay every day.
Peter was blindly obvious to his situation and just hoped they’d be sated with throwing insults at him.
Tony laughed  with glistening eyes and pulled her from the seat, placing an arm around her waist. “Like? Fuck Pepper I look like you’re about to sell me at an auction. I love it!”
“Yes”, the young Alpha forced out through his teeth and watched his arriving brother uninterested. Tony squeezed his shoulders in affirmation with a worried smile before turning slightly just in time to catch his other pup, who was smiling from ear to ear at his mother, oblivious to the tension and unnatural strong Alpha scent coming from his brother.
And how will the pups react when finding out about Tony getting more serious with Steve?
Tony’s half hearted grip slipped and he watched as Pepper threw the pants into the corner of the room, disposing of the idea in Tony’s head. Of course. Pepper has known him too long to not look through him like that. She was very much aware of his insecurities and anxiety, which was probably why she was the one that demanded to help him today.
He grasped the Omega’s thick hips and  rubbed his thickened Alpha cock against the wet hole, the loud squelching sound reaching his ears. His price was so close, the hot, tasty heat of Tony, his hole, being so close to being claimed.
Tony opened his mouth amused. “Steve Rogers, you slick bastard.”
Being fed up as it was Tony didn’t hesitate one second as he slapped the Alpha’s back of the head with a firm, reminding blow. “I have two pups, stop being the third, Steven”, Tony finished with a glare and pulled away from the man.
Ohh and sorry if I haven't answered a few comments from the previous chapter.. I'm always touched and thrilled when someone takes the time to leave a few words here :) but again I have a lot on my plate at the moment and totally forgot..
Naturally he would have picked something up. Ever since Peter wanted to talk to Steve his inner alarm bells have been ringing, his instincts rising at the possible reason for their conversation.
Both men, after cleaning up, disappeared into the living room, wanting to watch a movie the rest of the evening. And Peter desperately wished he could join them, but he only had until the morning left to finish the school project and, well, he had no other choice.
The perfect metaphor for Tony.
Tony was speechless, simply said.
Wanted to update this sooner but I was at a convention the whole weekend so ye
“Night, Steve.”
Leave it to Tony to turn the situation sexual once more.
A whine escaped the Omega, the Alpha’s mouth swallowing it up right away and pressing his tongue more forceful against the other one. Both men stood in the middle of the elevator, Steve tightly holding onto the other’s hips, Tony tracing his hands across the Alpha’s muscular chest and pheromones interwinding with each other.
“If it works.”
Btw I'm always up for suggestions
“Mom, why are you looking all spooked out?”
The man furrowed his brows in question. “What do you mean kid?”, he asked tiredly, another sigh leaving his body.
So not long after the young Alpha started his displace of anger and annoyance the blond answered with his own loud, rumbling growl, scent flooding the hallway with dominant Alpha pheromones.
And how fucking hard was it to dress yourself for a freaking date?!
The Omega blinked at the statement and promptly picked up the small, pretty looking box. Another courting gift? It was official, Steve was fucking acing this whole courting thing and Tony clearly had to step up his game.
Steve, who stopped his reasoning when he felt the tugging at his shirt, quirked one eyebrow up at his lover’s request. “Honey, between us two you’re the one with a flying suit.”
A sharp nip against Tony’s bottom lip pulled a gasp from his mouth as a few droplets of blood escaped his bruised skin.
“Wouldn’t dare miss the opportunity of free food. I’m just gonna go look for the pups, knowing them they’d only eat junk food for breakfast if I won’t stop them”, the genius answered quickly and vanished without another word into the elevator.
Turns out it was the hard way. No sugar coating it.
The Omega couldn’t believe Steve was able to create something like this. He was truly stunned, speechless and so utterly close to presenting his neck wholeheartedly, instincts demanding for him to mate the Alpha right her and now.
Though, it mostly reserved for partners or parents and Steve clearly was neither.
“Hey- I uh- bought you some-”
“PUT THAT THING DOWN RIGHT THIS SECOND OR SO HELP ME TONY!”
Peter’s smile fell at the reminder of his brother, who was currently sick in bed probably getting coddled by their mother. The first time he’s really gotten sick in like forever, which was just plain weird and frankly scared the young Omega in a way he hasn’t felt that many times before.
“Tony, aren’t we- aren’t we moving a little fast? We said we wanted to-”, the word got stuck in his throat as the Omega began kissing his neck and nibbling the skin, leaving wet hot bites in its way.
Steve’s face burned lightly, ears getting read at the remark. “Omega”, he grumbled lowly
Yet, the calming purr of his mother settled his nerves, they weren’t in danger after all and Harley sighed in relief. You never know. Settling back down slightly, the boy moved closer to the older Omega and nuzzled the man’s neck in search of closeness. Harley treasured their Sunday rituals, waking up in his mother’s nest and just relishing in the comfort of family. The Alpha inside of him was the most content during that time, the one day of the week the family fell asleep in the familiar nest in the tower.
Without another thought Tony crouched down in front of the young Omega. “Pete, how are you feeling?”, he asked carefully, reaching out with his right hand and setting it on the boy’s knee in a comforting gesture. Purrs escaped the mother in hopes of calming the young pup.
The older beta’s eyes snapped towards them both and widened in surprise at the sight of the man out of time sitting among her students like the most common thing in the world. Talk about some morning.
“But you know what the parents get up to when the kids are asleep?”, Steve asked with a glint in his eyes, rocking his hips up in the process, hardness brushing Tony at the same time.
“You can’t just say stuff like that, Nat! I have a reputation!”
The result was immediate as Peter thrown off guard, snapped up his head and in the process let go of his mug.
Grasping the boy’s shoulders Tony slowly pulled him away to look him into the eyes. “Harley, shh, everything is okay”, he tried with a start.
“Omega, you’ll get your reward. But first present for me, show me that greedy hole of yours,” Steve ordered with a steady voice, Alpha voice close to the surface.
Ned, who was still asking a now tired looking Steve about his life and more, quickly ran the other way though when he saw the time. “Sorry Captain! Responsibilities call but we can keep on talking later!”
“You’re in heat, Tony,” the Alpha stated.
Normally Tony would have smugly grinned at the sight of a sheepish looking Captain America, a big difference to his usual ‘I-have-everything-under-control’ aura. If anything Steve was normally the one giving disappointed scoldings because of the team and more often than not because of Tony and how he managed to raise two pups but still can’t take care of himself.
“You don’t have to wear it, really. It was just a stupid idea and I’m sorry if I offended you with the collar, I’m so-”
“Steve”, Tony breathed out. “It’s beautiful.”
And Tony’s blush? Steve couldn’t get enough of it.
“What do you want me to say Steve? Want me to admit what an Omega slut I am, so desperately begging for cock my teammate has to offer himself up out of pity?”, Tony asked with a frown. And shit, he could already feel another heatwave on its way.
His teacher arrived shortly after and before she could even open her mouth to bid them good morning one student sprung up. “Mrs. Adams we have a guest!”, a girl, Peter didn’t even remember the name of, declared with a pointing finger at a mortified Steve.
“I’m just gonna wait out in the hall,” Peter mumbled out and trailed out of the door with a small wave.
Impatiently he cooked his eyebrow and crossed his arms. “Well?”
No, screw that, he never should have had sex with Steve in the first place.
It was already half past midnight and Tony just wanted to go to sleep, cuddle with his boyfriend, at ease knowing his child is peacefully sleeping in the next room over. Call him old, but he truly had no energy left for this.
The clear voice of Jarvis ripped Peter from his slumber for the third time now. It was obviously a school day the teen sighed into his pillow. The young Omega loved learning, studying and simply getting to know new things, just like his mother his brain was like a sponge.
“But Mom!”, Peter complained immediately.
The team stared at them dumbfounded.
“That’s good, meaning between the both of you you possess enough brain cells to clean this mess up before breakfast in fifteen minutes down in the common room”, the Omega smirked watching the amusement on his pups faces turn into disappointment. With that he made his way towards his bedroom in desperate need of a change of clothes.
And that was that.
Tony was just hopeless.
Steve was in pure bliss as he watched the heat ridden Omega press small licks on his still clothed cock. He watched the skillful mouth closely, imagining what it would feel like to sheet his thick cock into the Omega’s wet mouth. God, he wanted to touch the man’s hair so badly, pet him as a sign of admiration, signaling him what a good Omega he was being at the moment.
However, before the god could answer a low growl sounded off from the kitchen counter, making all heads turn in surprise. Steve was openly growling at the taller man, a snarl on the tip of his tongue already, food on the stove forgotten for the time being.
However after a while the stomach rumbling got louder, even to be heard over all the purring and he was sure both of his pups were craving food as well.
His goons laughed at the displace of the boy cowering frightened and clearly affected by the strong, untamed Alpha pheromones directed at him. Even not completely presented young Alphas still already had power over the other dynamics, if they so pleased. Normally school forbid Alphas from using their dynamic from taking advantage of others.
And, god, did he try already. It all started with light touches, nothing major, just a brush against Tony’s hand after they were done eating. The warmth from the Omega’s hand tingled on his skin, like small fireworks lightening themselves up whenever the pair touched.
With that the Omega let out another moan just as the pressure at his hole grew and came, cock spurting a few traces of cum out on the already ruined bedding.
Tony wonders if his life actually turns out to be going suspiciously well, at least if you asked Natasha.
A hand on his upper thigh brought him back to the scene. Steve was gazing down at him lustfully his cock thickly being strained in the man’s tight pants.
Right, Tony concluded. His teammates, who were away on a mission, were supposed to be back today. The mission he didn’t have to participate in due to him being an Omega close to his heat and, well, no one wanted a heat ridden teammate endangering a secret operation with his desperate moans and strong intoxicating scent.
“Sleep and sound.”, the blond grinned back.
Harley, his oldest at 14 years and an Alpha, was already as snarky and clever as his Mom. Additionally him being the only Alpha in their small family, not counting Rhodey, Pepper or the Avengers that is, the teen was pretty protective of both Tony and Peter, but mostly Peter since Harley was aware of Tony’s skills at self-defense due to him having survived as an Omega in a business world full of Alphas for years now and, of course, of him being Iron Man. Still. If it came to his younger brother Harley has always been extra protective and Tony, as an Omega parent, was preening at their close relationship. Even though the small Alpha liked to play tough he was secretly a cuddle bear at heart, always searching out contact to his Omega parent and scenting his family happily with a wide grin plastered on his face. Nevertheless no one wanted to get on Harley’s bad side, at least a few of the other Avengers could agree, since the young Alpha was capable of being a salty, vengeful little shit.
However, wasn’t it worth a try? As a scientist himself he always swore to try every possibility before coming to a conclusion and were relationships really that different? If he looked at it like a thesis he already knew what to do to get a scientifically reliable evaluation.
And come to think the joke wasn’t even funny! Tony used to have more hope for his easily amused children.
“Jarvis,” he called out. “What date and time is it?”
“Don’t you have to present your history project today, pup?”
Slowly the night came to an end though as they finished their drinks and Steve paid for everything, much to Tony’s demise who kept on insisting ‘I’m way richer than you, let me pay you Alpha brute!’.
Also Steve finally pays off his debt towards Peter, in an interesting way.
On the way down the previous exhilarating scent caught his nose again. He inhaled a second time and to his surprise just the mere smell made his thick cock in his pants twitch. What the hell was that? The scent was thickening the closer he got to Tony’s lab and Steve was shamefully turned on, yet still worry clouding his mind. He had to find Tony.
Not wanting to listen to anymore speculation Steve stood up easily, walking to the door Tony disappeared through a few moments ago. “Please make sure Mom’s alright,” Harley’s voice stopped him.
And thank you all for the sweet comments on the previous chapters!
Steve, too old, for the situation at hand let his mouth hang open in shock. Okay what? The child must be sick, yeah, there couldn’t be any other explanation. At least in Steve’s books.
Suddenly a loud cough stopped the pair rather abruptly. And, wow, rude.
The blond Alpha squeezed right back and gazed at the shorter man in adoration. “I’m glad, Tony, I really am.”
Yet a sudden sound close to his ear threw the tall man off guard.
The kid smiled at the man thankfully and threw the car door open without any regard, earning him a quick ‘HEY!’ from Happy to which the teen just shrugged with a light grin, the ‘oops’ clearly written on his face.
Taking in the familiar scent of all three of them Harley slowly but steadily was able to catch himself, the sight of his younger brother and mother hugging settled his possessive instincts and gave him a moment to halt his spinning thoughts.
Now, however, after taking a much needed shower Tony was rushing to the elevator, only one thing on his mind.
Peter was probably in an Omega headspace right now, if Steve counted all the signs.
Yet both Tony’s and Steve’s parenting senses rang off alarmed at the boys words, as they loudly began complaining at the risks and simple stupidity of the kid’s actions. Combining such a huge amount of caffeine and sugar with Peter’s powers, just screamed disaster, the smart boy really should have thought this through.
The Alpha chuckled softly and gripped Tony’s ass tighter while shoving the door close with his left foot. Another moan reached his ear and according to his wet T-shirt the man in his arms was dripping with arousal, the scent of slick flooding his nostrils. The sweetest smell Steve could imagine.
His scent was probably reeking of regret that moment.
Normally Peter was only around the tower during the weekends, since school and everything. After all being a hero didn’t mean he could just drop out, which of course his aunt nor Tony would ever allow, the boy could speak from experience.
“Consider it done, sir!”
“Though,” the Omega started with a mischievous grin. “That doesn’t mean we can’t have fun with it.” And with that he placed himself swiftly on the inviting lap of the blond, scenting the side of the purring Alpha’s neck eagerly and grabbing the lost hands to trace across the smooth collar. He had an idea.
Soon enough they would both get tired of him and leave to never be seen again, the only loyal pup being Harley who’d stay with his poor old Omega mother.
So if anything it only surprised the Omega when he answered the blond.
It was all too complicated.
And this, this drew the line.
“Young sir, it’s time to get up. If you don’t get up in two minutes you won’t have enough time to get ready and will ultimately miss your first class. To prevent such a case I will contact your mother in a minute.”
Steve took the smooth collar out of the box with lightly shaking hands, still thinking he should keep apologizing for the nerve he had to buy such a gift, but Tony was already presenting his neck submissively and what else was he supposed to do at such a sight? The tanned and soft skin looked so perfect, perfect to be graced by a collar, complementing his omegan nature.
Tony sighed another time and slowly retraced his fists from his face, blinking slowly at the bright light in the room one again and glancing at the perplexed Alpha peeking over his shoulder. “It’s nothing”, he answered finally, voice quiet and still rough from the night prior.
Somehow he would always miss the time he got pulled from so suddenly, the things he would never regain and were lost forever. Peggy being one of those.
Therefore he would do it, go on a date with Steve. Something he owed the Alpha now. Though, naturally Tony would also use the event to clarify to the man why he should forget about this ridiculous notion, the idea Tony could be a potential mate. He just needed one evening to talk about his past, his struggles and demons and he was certain that the blond would forget about whatever happened between them, move on and hopefully find some Omega worthy of Captain America.
Before the boy started he threw Steve one last look, a thankful expression covering his face. Not only would Peter surely get the full credit for his work but he was also not alone up front when talking to the class. The presence of the familiar men beside him, his noticeable support and the knowledge that he could always help him out if anything were to go wrong was easing the young Omega’s mind and soothing his instincts due to the presence of the Alpha.
A few hours later, nearing midnight, Tony realised something was wrong in the tower.
After she left again with a noticeable skip in her steps the two started another conversation, the previous story having helped them loosen up and continue talking like usual.
To no one’s surprise the Alpha reacted instantly with a sharp slap to the Omega’s ass. The noise echoing in the room and Tony yelped at the impact, eyes closed but still releasing slick nonetheless.
Yet, nothing like that happened and the scent in the air changed from anger to a sweet comforting smell. Then a broad hand suddenly reached across the table and finally settled down on the Omega’s own right hand, the warmth that followed feeling pleasant.
Reaching down and grasping the bottom of his shirt the man pulled it upwards, exposing his heated body to the cool air, a short relief. Lifting the shirt higher he pulled back from the Alpha’s irresistible mouth and pulled the cloth completely off his body, throwing it somewhere on the ground.
Tony’s eyes widened as his mind tried to wrap around the proposition. He was just so confused now!
Steve’s instincts kicked in right away when he saw the young pup of Tony trying to measure strengths with him, to scare him off and protect his mother. And no, as the superior Alpha Steve couldn’t back down, even if it was a child in front of him.
“Tony I think-”
The Alpha’s nostrils caught the intense scent, of course.
“It might surprise you, but believe me when I say that I had nothing to do with this mess for once. I swear.”, the genius threw his hands into the air, nearly hitting his boyfriend’s face in the process, to get his point across.
Tony was in a familiar state, the combined pheromones acting like a drug and spurring him on to the edge. “I’m close, Alpha”, he admitted with another mewl as he pulled off from the thick cock for a second.
Maybe Steve would receive his gift rather sooner than later.
Tony placed down his hands in his lap. “This. The date. Whatever you’re trying to do here today with all your Alpha manners and shit.”
The brown haired Omega kept on patting Steve’s back comforting and fitted his purring to match the blond’s. Both of them must have been a sight to behold, the genius was sure, but there was no other way for him to stop the fight. So cuddle time it was, even if everyone could see them.
He had some pretty convincingly cute pups.
Having placed the gift on a small plate in the kitchen, the Alpha was waiting for Tony to retrieve his usual afternoon coffee before disappearing into the lab once again until dinner time.
Would he?
his mind and mostly his stomach were still bugging him, but honestly, how could Tony leave his kids like this. Breakfast clearly had to wait, at least until all of them were truly awake and able to produce more than a few sentences.
Steve now looked up again from his hands tracing patterns on the deep brown wood of the table and looked at the speechless brunette across from the table, who left the menu laying beside his napkin on the table in disinterest.
“I used to come here with Bucky quite a lot since the food is really good and was quite affordable, though not anymore probably because of inflation and the lot”, Steve continued to explain to the Omega, a small smile now gracing the face of the genius in amusement.
“You’re doing so well my sweet Omega, presenting your hole so sweetly. Wanting to make me keep you like this”, Steve breathed out with a satisfied grin and gripped the wet cheeks with firm hands.
“What a sad fucking excuse of an Alpha”, the words of Steve sounded through the room, anger and ferocity present in only one mere sentence.
“Be quick, you only have-”, she looked at her watch and yelped as she saw the time. “20 minutes Tony!!”
Steve Rogers was fucking jealous because of Thor, another mated Alpha.
They both smiled at each other sweetly. Steve shook his head in affection, taking Tony’s hand in his and squeezed it lovingly.
He needed to taste again, the salty traces of Steve, that just oozed dominance and Alpha.
Okay, maybe it was just puberty and Tony was merely overreacting. But then again, no, it was totally the fault of passing time and the fact that his kids couldn’t seem to stop growing for one damn second. Honestly, Tony was afraid Harley would be taller than him in a few months, as much as the young Alpha was eating lately.
The lunch they shared was, like expected, amazing. Steve really did went all out even if it was just supposed to be a small meal. Both sat close to each other at the small table in the kitchen, talking about the usual things, joking around and occasionally flirt in a teasing manner. It really did feel like nothing had changed between them.
Tony chuckled softly, damn, his kid was just the cutest.
Together the three walked to the elevator, Pepper leading the way with quick steps, her heels noticeably clicking on the ground, a well known sound around the tower.
The Omega cursed inwardly, waiting on his exhausted eyes to adjust to the ungodly brightness seeping into the room and right onto the bed.
The blond beamed at the acceptance and tenderly grasped the Omega’s hand, leading him towards the elevator once again.
“I’m sorry mom!”, the voice of a distressed Alpha pup interrupted the other Alpha.
His boyfriend, as usual in most unsuspected situation, laughed, yet eyes holding concern. “Cannibalism is just nasty, Pete.”
Grasping the small bag tighter, Steve was now already halfway across the room, now emitting deep purrs in hopes of calming the nervous looking Omega a bit. Why couldn’t he see how serious he was being?
Yeah, nope, not happening, not thinking about it. His pups were still young, plenty of time before issues like mating would appear...well, two years in Harley’s case and yep. Not helping, the Omega was panicking once again innerly.
The short Omega was beautiful, stunning and looking as tasty as ever. Steve’s inner Alpha was preening in satisfaction, the Omega in front of him being perfect in every single way. His cock was rather short, but nothing out of the ordinary for a male Omega. Though, Steve was truthfully more focused on his behind, the firm round butt and his slick leaking, gaping hole.
Stepping out of the elevator his blue eyes promptly searched the living room of the penthouse, hoping to catch the sight of Tony rather quickly and finally give him his first, technically third, courting gift.
The genius was winning against the young Omega and Alpha, laughing loudly and joyfully, happy Omega scent flooding the room.
Harley was an Alpha just like Steve. Alphas rarely got sick due to their immune system being above an average one, something to do with and overdrive of hormones and their metabolism. Well, of course they could still get sick like everyone else and catch any disease like the other dynamics, but the simple things like a common cold, now that was something their bodies were close to immune to.
Tony was still watching the scene carefully, though, no one dared to speak up after the Omega’s outburst, too ashamed and afraid of the consequences. Both the pups and Steve.
His teacher, in fact, flushed at the honest word of the man and offered him a sweet smile in return. “In that case I’m honored we have you with us today, Captain. If you need anything please don’t hesitate to come to me.”
The Omega moaned loudly, feeling slick escaping his hole and rubbing his growing erection against Steve’s leg, relishing in the simple pleasure it brought him. “Alpha”, he started and traced a hand up the man’s head, gripping his soft hair and making him look downwards into Tony’s eyes. “We already had sex you buffon, there’s no moving slow in that department.”
At that Harley grinned slightly and shrugged with his shoulders in a ‘what-can-you-do’ matter, scent slowly losing its bitter aspect.
Also Steve might learn how scary an Omega pup can be.
“Pup, god, I’m sorry I wasn’t there last night because honestly? Building a death star sounds awesome, smaller and without the destructive functions in the movies, but awesome nonetheless”, Tony laughed and squeezed his Omega pup’s shoulder. “You two are too smart for your own good, you know that?”
Suddenly the elevator came to a stop, though not fazing the pair one bit. “Sir, since you’re getting intimate with Captain Rogers I have taken the freedom and stopped at the Captain’s floor, since yours is currently occupied by your pups”, Jarvis voice sounded off as both broke apart with a sigh.
But the thought of that-that Alpha being interested in his mother and even asking him on a date just set his Alpha instincts into rage, something that rarely happened.
This was how teams consisting of more than one Alpha worked. Which explained the situation that happened between Steve and Harley, the challenging one another, something that could have ended badly if Tony wouldn’t have stepped in.
Tony slowly processing, that yes, Steve asked him a question and was still waiting for an answer. “Well, Cap. I’m good I’d say. And thank you for making breakfast for us, you really didn’t need to,” he awkwardly answered in the hallway both of them were still standing in. “How are you doing? How was the mission? Hopefully not too bad since I wasn’t there to save your asses this time,” the Omega quickly added, scratching his head nervously.
“I should have known better and left before anything got out of control”, Steve concluded for the Omega with a shameful expression. “I’m so sorry Tony, but, god, my instincts wouldn’t let me leave. My inner Alpha so desperately needed to see you after-”
(See the end of the chapter for
He came face to face with Jason, one of his classmate and his goons. A group that consisted only of Alpha boys, who had an obvious superiority complex and loved targeting Peter for his Omega status and his background. Though, they only messed with him when his brother wasn’t around, too afraid of the impulsive Alpha Stark at their school.
‘His Omega’, Steve smiled at the thought. It sounded so fitting, so perfect, suiting Tony just right.
But then again Harley was growing like a fucking tree these days! Quickly on the way to adulthood, sooner than Tony would have preferred and he was only fourteen! For christ’s sake the Omega had to buy his Alpha pup new pants again already, since he outgrew his last once the man bought just three months ago.
(See the end of the chapter for
Like seriously, sometimes I'm really doubting my writing and this story..
“Tony, whatever your brain is just overthinking, you better stop now. I have a proposition to make,” Steve offered honestly.
The pups are just happy to have their mother back.
Tony shivered lightly at the feeling and even though he was consumed by heat and lust at the moment, managed to roll his eyes at the Alpha behind him. Alphas, they just loved being addressed by their hierarchy.
With that Tony got back to lowering his head down the thick Alpha girth, getting lost in the sensation of being finger fucked and close to the edge.
Enjoy the new chapter and thank you all again for sticking with me, for your sweet comments and the many kudos <3
Steve’s eyes lit up at the words and who was he to complain?
“No details whatsoever? You wound me, Alpha,” he whined as he walked back to his worksheets, Natasha trailing behind him with a playful roll of her eyes.
Under any other circumstances Tony would have had a field trip with the information. But at the moment he had more important things to worry about, one being to stop a possible fight between two Alphas with super strength. Yeah, just a usual day at the tower.
was here, in his arms. He was safe and with Steve now, not with any other Alpha, but with Steve. The man wanted to howl, tough, rather pressed his nose even closer to the source of the perfect scent and let out a rumble instead.
Harley keeps getting worse, which worries his mother to no end.
And everything considered it was, at least partly, Tony’s fault, and yet Steve was now grinning at him, with those bright blue eyes. The bastard!
Looking at it from afar the bracelet looked rough, something strong and unbreakable due to the dark leather. However if you looked closely you could spot the carefully braided streaks, creating a beautiful pattern and reflecting a delicateness, something precious and wonderful looking.
He had two days. Plenty of time.
“Stevee, don’t- don’t come closer. You-you need to leave!”, the Omega stammered, while a pant left his lips.
“To be completely honest I do miss my old friends and the many people that I will never see again but without me having been frozen in the ice I wouldn’t have been able to meet all my current friends, the people I love in this time.”
The pup quickly turned around and smiled widely at the Alpha, red cheeks and everything. “Sure, why wouldn’t it be?”, he asked and cocked his head to the side, leaning forward to retrieve his drink from the small table in front of him.
Please leave kudos and comments if you liked the chapter <3 What do you guys think will happen during the mission?
Steve, for his part, couldn’t stop looking at the Omega, who now seemed to hold himself differently than before. More open, not as guarded and seemingly enjoying the night. The blond wanted to howl, he couldn’t believe Tony actually took a chance on them. Now it was the Alpha’s turn to not make him regret it, to make him see it could work out between them.
“Today I’m going to tell you a bit about the years between 1929 and 1939 in the United States of America, their fundamental aspects, the struggles and issues,” Peter started the presentation with a eager eyes and then gestured to Steve who was still taking in the whole scene and the plenty looks of admiration thrown his way. “At the end of my presentation a real witness of the decade, Mr. Steven Grant Rogers aka Captain America, will be talking about his personal experiences and answering a few questions.”
“Oh I’m sorry for throwing all this at you Tony I just thought-”
At least the Alpha was still sound asleep, meaning Tony could sneak away in peace and cry by himself.
Tony’s mouth formed an ‘O’ as his eyes rolled back into his head and he came on the spot, the thick dick penetrating his prostate spot on.
Thus Peter moved into the tower temporarily.
“Confidential, yeah, yeah nothing new there,” Tony answered with a grin, not offended in any way. It was part of their job, secrets, rules, the whole deal. “Though, given a few minutes I could find out myself. Fury honestly doesn’t have the best security system, at least not Stark proved,” he concluded mischievously.
So, really, there was only one way to find out.
Steve’s smile faltered at the answer as he mentally slapped himself.
The teen relaxed into his father’s grasp and closed his eyes tiredly. Shit, he really had overdone it last night. Exhaustion was pulling at his very core and the warmth of his Dad was slowly, but surely pulling him into a deep slumber.
The Omega grumbled a bit but accepted in the end, not wanting to cause a scene and letting the Alpha act on his providing instincts.
“Nine months later, after not giving a shit about the fucker’s opinion, Harley was born, smallest cutest Alpha still to date”, the Omega smiled fondly.
Now, Tony liked thinking they could have avoided this, really he does.
Stories about a few latest missions, new Avenger’s equipment Tony was working on currently and their friends, both soon forgot about the fact they were on an actual date and rather kept speaking freely. Like they haven’t really in the past weeks.
Steve’s head was close to spinning.
Steve and Tony looked at each other.
The damn Alpha brute just turned him on to no end, like no one ever has before.
“Do you like it?”, Steve asked sheepishly, but with a grin regardless.
But he also knew and was thankfully aware enough that it wasn’t that easy.
With that Steve quickly placed Tony down on the duvet beside him, placing the blanket over the tiredly watching Omega before spooning up behind him, right arm circling the man’s waist and face close to Tony’s brown locks. Sighing into the pleasant smelling hair Steve couldn’t stop the constant grin on his face.
“Yeah, yeah Alpha”, Tony petted Steve’s head, running his fingers through the soft locks. “Just keep on cuming.”
“Obviously, or else he wouldn’t behave like a feral little spider child.”, Tony explained simply. Damn it, he should have kept a close watch on the teen after dinner.
Much like Mrs. Adams the other teachers quickly welcomed the Avenger with open arms, probably to starstruck to do anything else in the presence of a national hero. As well as the students who kept staring at him awed, some even being brave enough to approach him and ask for an autograph.
“Not Steve”, the blond forced out through his teeth, letting his tongue trace across the Omega’s ear.
The Alpha pup nodded eagerly at his mother’s words, already turning sideways, facing the other Alpha. “I’m very sorry for challenging you, Alpha”, he forced out and was about to walk to the entrance of the kitchen when his mother’s voice stopped him.
Next to her on the double seated couch two figures were resting, still in their gear and weapons laying on the small table in front of the couch. Tony couldn’t keep track of how many times he scolded Bucky and Sam for leaving deadly machines right in the open of their home. At least his sons were old enough now to know not to touch any of those things, though Tony didn’t like taking risks, not with his pups. Now, anyway, both men were dozing off quickly meaning Tony had to lecture them later, bunch of children they were.
Flowers it was this time and surely nothing was going to stand in Steve’s way, not even a hungry Avenger could ruin this present, he proudly purred as he stood in the ascending elevator on the way to Tony’s personal floor.
Mentally scolding himself for his inappropriate thoughts the Omega quickly stepped out of the elevator with a huff and finally came to a stop right in front of the tall Alpha. “Yeah sorry, looks like Jarvis failed to inform me I’ve already arrived..,” he mumbled awkwardly.
No matter how cute his kid was, he’d never be allowed in the kitchen again by himself, Tony thought finally as the other around him kept laughing at the scene that just took place.
The Omega was rethinking his life choices all while he could feel cum fill him up and the occasional trusts of the purring Alpha behind him. God, what did his life turn out to be.
The perfect courting gift, Steve was sure this time.
Tony truly couldn’t ask for more wonderful pups than the universe blessed him with. He was thankful, so thankful, that despite everything he was able to start such marvellous family.
However, something was different, ringing alarm bells inside the boy’s head and making his instincts weary in the process. Taking a deep sniff of the Omega’s neck the pup paled at the realization. An Alpha’s scent was covering his mother’s neck, the thick, strong smell so different from the usual fresh and sweet side. And how fucking dare he?! That Alpha thought he could just take his mother away from Harley. But not as long as the young Alpha could still breathe.
However he knew what to do and promptly stood up with the pup still clinging to his front. To reach his phone with one hand the man set Peter on one hip, still keeping the contact to his scent mark and dialed Happy’s number to be picked up immediately. He had to get Peter to his mother.
However two approaching voices stopped him from doing so rather quickly.
A mating to a strong dominant Alpha like that. His Omega brain was swooning with want and desire, hole already getting wet.
Especially not Steve.
Harley smiled faintly at his Omega brother and nodded. “Yeah I’m in need of a nest night as well.” It would probably help with his current inner turmoil, the feeling of family and safety always relaxing him on a level nothing else seemed to work. Close proximity to one’s pack worked wonders, everyone knew that.
Of course teenagers having secrets wasn’t anything new. Hell, Tony still had his oldest pup, who was probably onto something that very second, the troublemaker he was and the man loved to pieces.
“Now, now, Omega. You’ll be addressing me as Alpha tonight. The Alpha who is going to fuck your brains out,” Steve grinned at the figure, leaning in close to lick across the Omega’s neck. Tasting the sweat and scent of his skin he keened, reducing the Omega to moans and whines once again. Steve was truly aware of his power here.
The Omega’s mind stalled, the date, right.
“Shit”, the genius called out with teary eyes, brought up by the sneezing. His eyes then singled on the flowers in Steve’s hands and he jumped up quickly.
