Dean turns, ready to exit stage left and get the hell away from this conversation into the smothering quiet of his room.
Dean accepts his fate as he watches him turn back towards the oven and switch off the gas. Cas takes two bowls from the drying rack by the sink and fills them up, placing one in front of Dean before circling the island and taking a seat opposite him.
. It’s in that moment that the worst thing happens: it dawns on Dean that he’s never told Cas any different, even though half the time, he’s the only damn person he wants anywhere near him.
There’s a pause, infinitesimal, before Cas queries, “worms?” and Dean shakes his head in amusement, feeling a smile break out across his face, in spite of the topic of conversation.
His door cracks open not long after. Sam doesn’t come straight in—Dean knows he’s trying not to pry—but his head pokes around the doorframe. Taking his headphones off, Dean meets his brother’s gaze with a forced smile.
A small smile tugs at Dean’s lips, despite still feeling as though something heavy is sitting in his stomach—whether the feeling’s because of the way he’d acted, the alcohol still swimming through him, or because of Cas’s stare, he isn’t sure. “They’re lucky,” he murmurs.
Dean watches his brother bend over backwards to keep it casual and feels a little conscience-stricken. He mulls the question over in his head and quickly figures that saying
Sam’s shoving his way through the crowd and heading away from Dean when he looks back. A quiet has fallen over the room, the tinny, muffled playback of party music and uncomfortable mumbling the only things audible.
Dean feels a sick pang of guilt, words from the night before playing back in his mind, and wonders how he’s ever going to reach a point where he can look Sam in the eye and not feel like shit for ruining his wedding.
His words hang heavy in the air between them. Sam glances back as he leaves the room, and they share a look.
“I am, though,” says Dean. “Grateful. I’m grateful for all the damn times you’ve pulled me out of shit, Sam too. Grateful that you’ve actually stuck by and helped when I couldn’t stow my crap.”
Dean’s nursing his third beer and watching idly as Sam rants to Charlie. Cas is late—only by fifteen minutes, but still—and it’s shaping up to be the straw that breaks Sam’s back. Dean only indulges himself momentarily by selfishly thinking that maybe Cas won’t even come; maybe he’s decided that it’s just too far for a wedding that isn’t even a wedding, before starting to feel bad for his brother.
Cas shifts a little, hauling Dean’s attention right back to him. He cracks open a narrow eye and squints at the room’s hue, only made so bright by the sunlight gleaming in through the thin blinds. His eye shuts for a brief second before both are opening. Cas doesn’t bother to look around the room, his eyes falling straight onto Dean.
almost gives Dean actual whiplash. He tries not to dwell on the events served up by his subconscious, though, and doesn’t have to force himself even a little to focus on the now.
“It’s a little too obvious how jealous you are. Catch up later when you aren’t seeing double, alright?” Sam claps him on the shoulder again, this time condescendingly, and the dam breaks.
He presses his lips against a strong shoulder and lets them drag, wanting a taste even through the dewy haze of the early morning. A hand winds its way into the short strands at the back of Dean’s head, and he forces himself to rise at the touch. Cas’s hand slides around to cradle the side of his face, and Dean can’t help but turn and nuzzle into the touch like an affection starved animal. He tentatively kisses Cas’s palm and looks up, levelling him with a gaze.
He’d picked up a job at a garage in the neighbourhood when he lived with Lisa. It was something he knew how to do without training or effort; the routine of fix-ups and oil changes and engine checks had been drilled into him for as long as Dean could remember.
slide and settles for an irked grunt and a shrug. “He’s—he says he’s got this whole life up there. Friends, a job, a damn
Turning and moving to stand between his legs, Cas nods. “Yes.” He reaches up and cups Dean’s face in his hands. “So suck it up and eat the stew. After everything, I’m not losing you to a cheeseburger.”
So, yes, I’ll be leaving in the morning. I’d prefer not to leave with you angry with me, but that’s up to you.”
“I couldn’t sleep. Thought I’d make some tea.” Cas nods over towards a cup brewing on the side, “would you like a cup?”
Expression pained and confused, Cas looks on at him. “The last thing I want to do is forget about last night.” He shakes his head a little and Dean feels an ache he can’t even begin to describe.
“Say shit like that if you’re leaving. I don’t know what you want from me, Cas,” Dean says, exasperated.
Cas goes on, Dean’s bewilderment clearly not deterring him. “It—the town’s nice. Quaint. You’d like it, I think.”
Dean showers quickly, barely feels the water beating against his skin but comes out feeling a lot less grubby all the same.
He wants Cas to be happy within himself—whether Dean’s involved or not—of course he does. He’s just getting impatient waiting for when he’ll reach a point where he’s happy without Cas.
Sam’s broad hand clasps around his shoulder and straightens him up, “one too many?” he asks with no real weight behind it, grin barely concealed.
There’s a sudden curling in the pit of Dean’s stomach as Cas resituates himself, pressing them flush together. “Yeah?” he gulps.
It’s inwardly humiliating how taken aback he is. Dean isn’t sure whether it’s because he’d been completely expecting this to be his responsibility—the one thing he could really do for Sam on one of the most important days of his life—or if the mere mention of Cas is to blame.
Cas smiles, and Dean swears there’s a tinge of sadness to it. “You’re not at fault for everything, Dean. I wish above all other things that I could make you see that.”
She ushers Sam to sit down, an effort to quell his nerves. “Think we need blood sugar over here. Dean, could you go get a soda or something?” she asks, voice low and collected.
“God, this is so fucking dumb. You aren’t here. You can’t hear me. What the hell am I doing? I’m so used to just saying this crap and thinking you’re on the other end somewhere listening to it, knowing what I need you to know.”
Dean does count himself a fortunate son of a bitch in the end, though. He feels the warmth of his luck bloom in his chest and his heartbeat picks up when he turns his head and sees those all-familiar tufts of warm brown hair smothering the pillow next to his.
“Nobody...nobody deserves any of this shit. I’m lying to Claire and I’m lying to Sam acting like it’s all okay because I’m scared that if I don’t I’ll stop and actually realise you’re gone and just
Looking away, Dean only hears him sigh. It’s not a noise born of pity, but it doesn’t make him feel any less like shit. Taking to winding the wire of his headphones up for something to do with his hands and a place to look, Dean consciously doesn’t look at Sam.
“What you cooking, anyway?” he asks, dropping Cas’ hand with a squeeze and looking past him at the pan on the flattop. “Smells steaky.”
His stunned glee had shifted into something else entirely, and Dean had spent the following hour feeling as though he’d been punched in the stomach.
His survival instinct kicks in, tells him to cut the pain’s legs out from beneath it, and his feet are moving towards the war room without his explicit permission. It feels like the sensible part of his brain telling him to get this the hell over with.
Still staring down at the picture that is Cas’s consoling hand locked together with his, Dean reminds himself to be grateful, and he is. He’s grateful that Cas is here with him, alive, to be saying everything he needs to hear.
He laughs again, watery. “There’s so much shit that I need you to know, man, but I can’t say it like this. I’m not—I’m not gonna say it for the first time to fucking nobody in a shithole in the middle of fucking Texas. You deserve better than that. Better than me. Hell, you’d be alive right now if it weren’t for me. Ain’t that something.”
Reaching over, Dean doesn’t bother to try to stabilise his still-trembling hands; he knows Cas won’t judge, won’t look at him funny, won’t think less of him for being so affected by a mere dream. He pulls the duvet cover down from around Cas’s face and lets it pool lower down around his shoulders.
The hangover kicks in hours before it usually does. Dean’s clock blinks the time at him from his bedside table in the pitch black of his room—it’s just after three—and his head throbs dully with the promise that he’s going to feel like shit warmed up for the rest of the day.
“Just appreciate the lack of responsibility.” Then he’s nodding towards the table, face impatient. “Now, leave me alone. Kind of a race against the clock here.”
“Sorry for being such a mess. I’m gonna, you know, work on it.” Dean grimaces around the words as they leave his mouth.
The words settle heavily between them. It’s a lot to digest at once. After a decade of nothing but unspoken sentiments and weighted looks, having everything thrown out in the open like this isn’t something Dean’s braced for. He settles for stating the obvious, dumbly.
There’s a shift in the corner of his eye and weight bears down at the end of the bed as Sam sits. “You know, it’s alright if you’re not.”
gets married, and you’re not even planning to stick around for an extra day? Wow. You really wanna get out of here, don’t you?” Dean laughs, and feels the start of a dark mist pool around him.
Craving more touch, Dean slings an arm across the thin waist he’s huddled up against and cranes upwards, burrowing his face into the dip between Cas’s shoulder and neck. The all too familiar smell of his skin takes over all Dean knows, and again, he feels like one of the lucky ones.
Returning the look, Sam reaches up with his own bottle and clinks them together, the sound still ringing in Dean’s ears as he downs almost half of it in one gulp.
Relief’s the furthest thing from what he’s feeling now, though. Cas’s tender touch makes regrettable reproach rear up inside him. Dean’s stronger than this. He’s fought monsters and demons and cosmic entities, his eyes aren’t supposed to sting when he’s dared to talk about his feelings with the one person who knows him better than he knows himself.
“Dun dun duh-duh, dun dun duh-duh,” hums Charlie, grin growing impossibly wider as she steps towards Sam. Her arms spread invitingly and he wraps her up in a hug with an amused groan.
Shaking his head, Cas breaks himself from his reverie and says, “nothing. I just didn’t realise we were doing that.”
It can only be presumed that Cas hasn’t said much either. Dean thinks he’d know if Sam had anything to say—it’s likely he would’ve been cornered and coerced into spilling his guts by now. Sam’s attempts at using healthy coping mechanisms such as talking it out really chapped his ass sometimes. Luckily, he’s got off scot-free in the Cas department, though.
not to dwell on it. However, as usual, his mind’s working overtime. The knowledge that Sam had passed over him pretty much instantly in favour of somebody who would make the whole thing flow better, look better,
Cas reaches over and cups Dean’s cheek in his palm. The pressure of Cas’ warm touch against his skin urges him to look back over, meet his eyes and face whatever’s showing through them.
The immediate guilt hits like a freight train, but Charlie seems to blow right past his sharp words.
What is this, a Hallmark movie?” groans Dean. “Anyway. I can’t just pack up and go. I’ve got a life here too.”
“No big,” she says cheerily. Dean hears Jody’s voice down the line, hears Donna’s jovial laugh and finds he feels a little lonely. “Just checking in.”
Sam hesitates for a moment as though he’s afraid of his own words before uttering, “I heard you this morning,” in what Dean presumes to be the smallest voice he could’ve mustered.
“Hello,” croaks Cas, smiling small as he gathers the duvet up tighter around him, settling further down into its warmth.
Dean couldn’t believe what he was hearing, “I love you” Dean whispered against Cas’ mouth, lips almost brushing, he chuckled “I have loved you since the moment you carry my sorry ass back from hell”.
They both turn, “Hey Cas” they sing-song. Cas stares at them, they stare at each other and blush while they look away from each other. Riley finishes the bandage she was working on and taps Dean lightly on the shoulder “There, all patched up.”
“… and I umm, I just want you to know, that well… it’s true, all of it, I guess.” Castiel opens his mouth to say something, but Dean continues - “I mean, I hope all I said was, you know, all good things… I hope. Not sure, but I don’t think I would have said anything bad about you…” Dean starts rambling now, this is what he does when he gets too nervous and doesn’t have a plan on how to get out of a situation.
“I’m sorry, I’m okay” he sighs “I just wish you would stop worrying about me” he smiles weakly at Dean “I’m the angel, I’m suppose to be taking care of you, not the other way around” he says sincerely.
Dean’s slurring now, and Jack doesn’t quiet catch what Dean is saying, he only hears Castiel’s answers:
Yes, she knew God, yes, she had been cast out for reasons unbeknownst to her as well as all other angels, if Cas couldn’t remember her, no other angel could.
Jack looks over at Sam, who smiles from the front seat and Dean manages a quick glance over the rearview mirror.
“Okay, well; what would you have me do?” she demands. “Anything or anyone could be here right now, about to kill us. And as I said…” she points to Cas “he is my responsibility, and since it seems you two are his, I’m not letting ANYTHING happen to ANYONE. Are we clear?”
Castiel starts the spell in Enochian, suddenly, the angel wings around Riley’s neck start glowing as well, burning her skin, she looks down as her fingers touch the wings. She feels a connection with her grace, faint but it’s there, at that moment, Lucifer’s head snaps back, his eyes connecting with hers and she knows they’re done for.
“Get out of my way” says the girl, moving around to get to him, walking with a small limp “He needs help”.
After a while, Jack perks up, looks at Castiel and asks: “Hey, so, is it possible that you can show me your wings?”
They arrive at a wasteland, a few miles away from the bunker, they had heard that the bunker sat on sacred grounds, or that it was easier to cross from earth to hell or heaven from there. Guess it must be true, as Metatron decided to open up the gates right there. Dean gets as near to the spot as the storm allows him to, still they’re a couple of miles out. They can only make out an old barn and grain storage.
Since they got here, however, all the dreams had turned into nightmares; the feelings of love towards the angel had turned into despair and misery, and every time he looked at him, he felt like something was tearing him apart from the inside. Because no matter how much he tried or what he did he could never have him.
A few more days go by. They cover a lot of events while they’re alone at the bunker, not thinking of other cases or demons is definitely a great help. Riley finally understands the fall and Metatron’s involvement in it, she now also knows the role Crowley played on earlier events. She even gets to hear the story of how Cas met the boys.
Sam was looking back, to make sure no one was following them or just checking on Cas, they had to leave the motel quickly to escape the demons who were trying to finish the job. Dean’s eyes were shifting from the road ahead to the rear view mirror every few seconds, although no one seems to be following them, he can’t look away from Cas.
Riley tells them everything she remembers, her name is Riley Harrington, she’s 23 years old, she was a student at University of Massachusetts Amherst. She tells them she remembers every possible thing from her human life, and how she was attacked one night while walking to her apartment, almost a year ago. She had woken up minutes later, after seeing a bright white light, she remembers freaking out when she heard voices in her head, hundreds of voices and she couldn’t make them stop. She then saw her attackers on the floor, their eyes were burned out. The only thing that kept her from losing her mind was the name that was repeating, non-stop. “
Riley stares sadly at Dean “I know how you feel Dean… or at least I think so. I would give up my grace gladly in exchange for your well-being, but I don’t have it anymore.” Riley pauses for a second, she breathes and continues “I may not have my powers, but I can’t be killed… at least according to Metatron, and well, we’ve tried it here to, I can’t be injured by anything so far, not demon killing knife, not angel blade. If we do this, I’ll protect Cas, I promise you to get him out of there unscathed… this is the only way.”
“You can’t” she interrupts him “you can’t help, not this time; trust me, it’s best if you stay out of it.”
“Well, it’s my responsibility, or at least, I think it is…” She stands and goes around the bed, looking down at Cas, left hand reaching for him, she stops before she can place it over his forehead, and turns to the boys.
Riley listens to the defeat and remorse in Dean’s voice. “Don’t” Riley counters. “It’s not you, this is about me, I’m responsible, I got you into this mess, I’m sorry…” Riley trails off as tears begin to fall from her eyes, tears that try as she might, she can’t hold back, not this time. Riley cries, unmoving, in front of Dean. Dean is quiet while Riley sobs uncontrollably.
There is faint breathing on the other side, a faint “Castiel…” and she recognizes Dean’s gruff voice.
On the small nightstand, there is a bottle of water and 2 aspirins, because of course there would be; placed by either his brother or his angel, he thinks… the angel, he corrects himself, he’s not mine…
Dean smiles again “Yes, yes we do” and he looks down at Cas, he runs his fingers through Cas’ hair and it’s so delicate and intimate, and Riley can’t help but think of when she used to do that same thing to Jay, and something aches inside her.
His stomach growls for a second time and he decides to get out of bed now, he’s in his boxers and just a t-shirt, he scans the room for his robe, but it’s nowhere in sight; so he just shrugs and comes out of his bedroom and heads for the kitchen, following the sweet smell of a good breakfast.
“I remember him” she confesses. “I don’t even know my own name, but I remember him. I even dreamed of him while I was still human.”
Cas turns to her, concern visible in his eyes “You wrote the spell? What are you talking about? There is no such thing…”
And none of them miss the easiness with which Dean has just said the pet name, Riley smiles sheepishly, because hey at least that means she’s part of the family now; so sue her, but it’s been a while since Riley has felt part of something, she’d been alone for a long time until she actually found the boys.
The girl stares at Dean for a long moment, tears in her eyes. Then her eyes hardened. “I’m not gonna let that happen” she says, urgent and determined. She looks back to Cas, rips his shirt open to reveal his chest, there are tiny creases all over it, where the angel blade went in. She puts her hand in the middle of his chest and starts mumbling, to the boys’ surprise, it’s Enochian.
“We were lucky, let's try to keep it that way…” Riley smirks as she looks back at Sam. “Thank God demons love their dungeons…” she looks up at the wall, “lets shackle them”.
“You ok there, Cas?” he asked, he knew it was difficult for the former angel to get used to humanity, it was all new to him.
She thinks of all the plans, she thinks of their future together, it’s about to start, they can almost taste it; and yes, having that hope for their future, their jobs, their lives, their adventures, it’s amazing, but this moment, this is what she’s always loved the most, just the two of them in an embrace, before they have to face the real world, this state in between the simple things in life and the heaviness of modern living. Riley tries as hard as she can to mark this memory on her brain, to tattoo it if that is possible; she lays there waiting for Jay to wake up, minutes pass and she’s almost falling back asleep when the arm around her tightens again, and a quiet yawn comes from behind her.
They boys look at each other with sheepish grins on their faces. Dean is definitely enjoying this, he’s not used to Castiel NOT getting his way, Cas can be a rebel against any angel in the garrison, but he won’t speak against Riley for the life of him.
Even though now Dean is a little drunk, his game is still perfect, and he keeps on knocking all the pins in each turn, to Jack’s, and honestly to Sam’s amazement as well. Sam knows Dean’s always been good at bowling, also, is one of the activities that he enjoys the most, not like he plays it much though; for how they were brought up, pool was something that was fun and an easy way to make money, so that’s what both brothers concentrated on while growing up, bowling was just fun, and fun was not something you did regularly while on business.
Cas was regarding him, visibly alarmed. “I don’t think I could handle something like that. I couldn’t handle loosing you… or Sam…”
Riley freezes on the spot, and answers with a weak “Hey” a beat of silence passes, and then she breathes, “I’m sorry, I didn’t know you guys were here” and she turns to leave.
“Yes, Sam. I… I can’t feel it anymore… I can’t…” her fingers touch the angel wings, and unlike every other time she’s done so in the past, this time, she doesn’t feel anything, she feels emptiness, just a pair of cold metal wings.
She feels sick at the thought, it’s selfish, she knows, to think of Jay like this, like he could not be with anyone but her, he was
Dean got up, ordering Cas not to move, he went to get a couple of wet warm towels and cleaned the mess on Cas’ chest, then proceeded to clean himself.
“Come on Cas, like you need help knocking those down” Dean shouts so he can be heard over the loud music. Castiel turns to him with an annoyed look, as he has been distracted from his shot.
But before he could continue, Dean’s lips were on Cas’, silencing him. The kiss was chaste, just a peck; Dean holding Cas’ face between his hands, this time it wasn’t a dream; everything he did, everywhere he touched, was real. Every word he said, spoken out loud. Dean drew back after a moment, Cas’ eyes were wide with surprise.
“Alright pal, so this is how it goes, I ask a question, you answer. If you don’t cooperate or I don’t like your answer, Sammy here is gonna make sure you suffer for a good while. Sounds good?” he finishes with a ghost of a smirk.
Riley looks at Castiel whose eyes are wide with worry, anger, disbelief, and regret. They don’t have to say anything to each other, and suddenly both are in the town miles away from the bunker.
She’s pulled from her thoughts by Cas’ voice, which a few moments ago sounded calmed and sweet and now is frantic, she turns to look at him and Cas’ eyes are wide with worry, and now he’s screaming to the phone. “DEAN! DEAN! ANSWER ME!”
She snaps her head toward the voice and sees a figure in the dark, she stares for a few seconds trying to assess the situation. She’s finally able to recognize the figure.
“Why would I lie to you? I looked all over for you and when I finally found you, I kept track of you, to make sure you were safe. I kept all of those demons away, or did you think that was a coincidence?”
Aside from the nightmares, she’s started to remember more of her past life, Cas is being of great help with context for a lot of these memories, as she often gets flashes and not entire moments. This is also draining her energy, who thought remembering was such a hard task, also, it makes her very hungry and sometimes moody; but she handles it, and she’s thankful that the boys give her space and time when needed.
Streets are eerily empty; it’s not that late, she’s walked these streets much later but that doesn’t matter. Hands in her pockets, she holds her keys a bit tighter. Another sound, now followed by steps, not just one set either, she feels them closing in on her.
“I didn't want you to know. I thought I could handle it, and I wanted to keep them away from you, I need to keep you safe” she says looking earnestly at Cas. “I don’t remember a lot of things, but I do know that my job is to protect you” she laughs “I felt the need to protect everyone around me when I was human, I couldn't help but feel something or rather someone was missing. That is, until I heard your name. Suddenly, I knew I had to find you, I was able to control myself. I knew what I had to do”.
“I love you, angel” he says as he slides a hand from her face to her neck, resting over the pair of wings that hang from her necklace.
On their third night there, the boys went to a bar, Sam had his computer and was trying to pull some files from de police department about the cases, Dean was eating and he noticed Cas was quiet, hunched, staring at the table. Dean reached out a hand and placed it on Cas shoulder.
Cas and Riley look at each other, defeated. Castiel clears his throat “There might be a way we can stop this…” the boys turn to him, Cas turns to Riley, Riley frowns and looks down to hide the tears threatening to fall from her eyes. “I’m not sure about how the spell Metatron is planning to use works exactly, but we know a spell that can close the gates to hell and to the cage… it’s sort of a panic button, last resource type of thing…” Cas trails off.
, Dean thinks. The girl locks eyes with him. “Where is he!?” she sounds tired but determined, and most of all worried.
He is trying hard to remember why or how he ended up in this state, it’s obvious he was drunk, if his present hangover is anything to go by.
That night Sam offered to get provisions for the way home, leaving the other two to work their stuff out.
Sam stands up, walking behind her “Uh, Cas, this is Riley, she healed you, we were hoping you could tell us who she is…”
Cas turns to Riley words rushing “Riley, you have to promise, you’ll take care of them, you’ll get them out of here, even if I can’t make it…”
Between the roaring thunder and the dust around them, the team is lost. Riley starts screaming names, trying to find the brothers and the angel.
Apparently that was exactly what Cas needed to hear, when Dean leaned back up, he saw Cas’ face contort into hot beautiful ecstasy, back arching higher, mouth opened, hands clawing at his shoulder blades, and those beautiful blue eyes staring intensely at him, nothing else existed in that moment except them.
“It’s coming, be sure of it. Only this time, you won’t be able to stop it. You won’t be enough” the demon assures them.
Jay kisses her ass again and make it all wet and then his pinky finger slides in to the middle, he keeps kissing, licking and touching everywhere else, and Riley comes again, her face against the mattress, Jay opens his mouth and catches all the sweet nectar that comes down, he doesn’t stop what he’s doing, but slows down to let her ride her orgasm as long as she can; Riley sighs content, once she catches her breath she looks back at Jay and smirks, “don’t stop” she says as she takes her hand to her clit and starts masturbating, Jay looks for a while but then gets back to his task, he kisses everywhere, bites where he can, spanks, and while Riley’s touching herself, his fingers keep sliding in and out of her ass, now Jay slips in two fingers on her vagina and Riley hisses and moans; she comes for the third time.
Dean turned to him expectantly. Cas started shuffling a bit. Dean didn’t move, “Cas?” he asked softly into his ear. “Cas, hey you’re okay, I got you”.
When I sat down and started working again, I was afraid the chapter would be too short, then I got a bit carried away, because the ideas started coming and I couldn't stop writing, so there you go.
“Yeah, he’ll be fine.” Sam answers. “So, lets just agree to not mention any of this to Dean tomorrow, okay?”
Suddenly Lucifer stands his face full of wrath. Dean’s eyes flicker again to the entrance of the barn, a glint in his eyes. He fires another round of shots from his other pistol, straight into Lucifer’s chest, Lucifer walking up to him as he does so, not stopping when the bullets hit his body. Sam is running to help his brother and is met by Metatron who makes Sam fall to his knees as he chokes, an invisible force around his neck.
Riley opens her eyes, and sees dim light fighting to get through the curtain covered window, she wants to stretch but feels a grip around her hips tighten, she peaks down to see Jay's tattooed wrist, a moon with a pair of wings, she drops her own hand to cover Jay's and looks at her matching tattoo, this one with a sun instead of a moon.
Dean’s driving as fast as he can, Sam on the passenger seat beside him, and Cas, he’s laying across the back seat, unconscious, blood soaking his suit; Dean can’t see his face. The road is dark, they’re the only ones here, Dean’s mind racing, they have to help Cas, they have to do something.
“Good, I can’t stay here any longer, this needs to happen soon. You already failed me once, do not do it again.”
She’s been out for a while it seems, long enough for her body to have healed almost completely after using that much power. Healing others was always difficult. But what she did with Cas, that had been a first; no one had the power to fight angel blade except for God, probably. Then again, no one knew what she knew. When the memories started coming back, it was clear that some of the things she remembered weren't meant for other eyes except hers. Honestly all she cared about was helping Cas, he’s recovering, and now it’s time to get out of there, before he sees her.
Dean leaned back; he stared at the angel for a moment, regarding him before descending on him again. His hands were everywhere; he wanted to memorize Cas, every inch of his body. Dean got the hem of Cas’ maroon hoodie and pulled it over his head; then he removed his own jacket. Cas didn’t waste time and pulled him in for a sloppy kiss, urgent now; hands roaming over Dean’s chest, sides and back, exploring. Dean’s hands got to the hem of Cas’ shirt, and he slipped his hands under it, a shudder went through Cas’ body, a moan escaped from his lips, but it was silenced by Dean’s mouth. Dean removed the rest of the clothing, a piece at a time. It was driving Cas crazy, his hips shifting and bucking against Dean’s to get friction; he really had no idea of what was going on, but it seemed that his body knew exactly what it was doing, so he just went with it.
Cas cut him off. “Dean, it was perfect. All of it, I …” he huffed a laugh. He turned to him “You are perfect.” Cas’ tone was serious, but his eyes were glinting, he smiled at Dean playfully.
“Of course it won’t” Riley interrupts. “You shall be roaming purgatory for eternity if you even think about attacking us again” she says, eyes set. “We can do this the easy way, or the hard way” she continues “Your choice”.
How is it possible to feel so much happiness but so much sadness at the same time is beyond Riley’s comprehension, but she guesses it has something to do with the fact that even though she found her grace and is now by all means an angel, her body is still behaving like a human being, she still feels cold, hot, hunger, anger, sadness, love, pain, etc; in the same level that she felt as a human, which is odd.
The same questions have been haunting her for months, and try as she might, she still can’t remember.
“I’m okay.” she gasps again. “Big sister” she murmurs. Then she smiles to Dean “I remember now, I took care of him from the very beginning, I taught him, trained him, looked out for him” she’s grinning now, as her memories of Cas and her pass through her mind.
“Even if I did know something, why would I tell you? You’re a good fighter; I underestimated you. Won’t happen again…”
It’s been 2 and a half years since they met, they shared a class right on their first semester at college, it didn't feel like something too important at first, but hey, Jay was sweet, funny, kind of a smart ass, and the worst, he was a little shy at first, which only made him more adorable. But what struck Riley about him was his response to her, he would never back down from a sarcasm contest, he would even start them, just to annoy her and see her roll her eyes, but she loved it. Also they had these really complex discussions about anything, from how the governments are ruling their countries, to who’s a better couple from the Avengers, they settle on a tie with Steve and Bucky, and, Natasha and Clint; you can feel the sexual tension pouring from them.
“Castiel’s eyes are soooo blue like the ocean… ooorr the sky… ooorr sapphires. Point is, his are the most magnificent blue eyes I’ve ever seen…” and Castiel turns scarlet, from his neck to his ears.
Dean just stares at the three of them, baffled. He shakes he’s head and leaves the room. They all follow him with their gaze as he disappears down the corridor. They all know Dean’s outburst has nothing to do with the fact of the sacrifice itself, but rather who will be doing it. They all have been in the position before, and Dean is always the first to jump at any opportunity to save the others, even if it means him going down.
“I don’t know Dean, I don’t know what’s going on; all these demons coming out of nowhere, what if the witches were a trap?”
Jay sighs, he knows she won’t change her mind, so he smiles at her, nods and leans in for a kiss, taking her face in his hands.
As they approach the others, Sam notices the pizza and 2 jars of Beer that are now on top of the table, and throws a hard look in Dean’s direction.
They’re hiding behind old cars, the place is pretty much a dumpster, but it’s crawling with demons, they take out as many as they can as they make their way forward. The barn is radiating with energy, angel energy. “The gates were opened inside the barn…” Sam remarks.
The world outside the Impala is just a blur, trees coming and going as if on a loop. Dean can’t bring himself to face his brother, there are tears threating to fall from his eyes, and he blinks rapidly, willing them away. He doesn’t respond, he doesn’t trust his own voice right now. A look in the rear view mirror, and when his eyes go back to the road, he sees a figure, he slams on the breaks, Sam reaching back to stop Cas’ body from falling.
“He’s really drunk. I honestly don’t think he’ll remember much of what he said tonight” Castiel answers with an earnest tone.
Dean remembers, they ran into her a few weeks ago, she saved them from more demons, and then vanished. And now she’s here in the middle of the lonely road. Dean sees her clearly, long brown wavy hair, her eyes are dark, but he’s pretty sure they’re also brown like chocolate, she’s wearing a grey tank top, red and black plaid shirt, jeans and chucks; there’s something hanging from her neck, it seems delicate and silvery,
Castiel takes a seat across from Dean, and he looks up to Sam, as they expected, Dean has no recollection of last night’s events, so they are happy to let it go for now.
And because he couldn’t help it, he leaned in again, this time he didn’t draw back, he waited and after what felt like forever, Cas responded, soft lips moving against his. Dean smiled and continued kissing Cas, a bit rougher and more demanding. Cas conceded, parting his lips to give Dean entrance.
“Cameron and Jillian had known each other for 10 years when all of that happened, according to some articles I found.” Sam informed.
Dean huffs and runs a hand over his face. He stands up and goes to sit next to Castiel, he takes Cas’ hands with his own and makes Castiel turn to him. “Listen Cas” - he says with a low voice - “I might not remember what exactly I said last night, but I have a really good idea of what it might have been…”
After discussing it a bit more, they all decide that it’s in their best interest to use Riley’s powers of entering another’s mind, in this case, Riley uses them only when strictly necessary and only on demons, to get information they need.
They’re almost home when Dean stirs from his comfortable position, encircled by Cas’ arms, and says in a clear voice:
“Don’t know, but when it happens, he will unleash hell on earth, the final battle. He wants to fulfill what was written; and to do so, he must free the angels, and they won’t have mercy.
Sam and Riley leave the cell with the demons knocked out and gagged. They go along the corridor, opposite of where the demons came in first, trying to look for Dean and Cas, they reached the end of the corridor and had to double back.
Jay goes down on her, his oral game is A++++, according to Riley, she opens herself for him and grabs his hair in her hands, sometimes brushing, sometimes pulling; her back arches and the moans don’t stop, Jay slides in his tongue and Riley gasps.
After a couple of weeks of supernatural quiet, they come across a case that leads them straight to the Men of Letters, a secret society that’s been fighting and studying the supernatural for generations. They find a bunker base and decide to stay since this is specially warded against any kind of evil forces. They rest, and keep on investigating the demon showings.
Castiel is pointedly averting his eyes from landing anywhere near Dean, finally he settles on his hands that are laying on his lap.
Cas sits on the bed, he looks tired; Sam and Riley drag the demon and tie him to a chair. Dean goes around the room. “Cas” he crouches in front of the angel, placing a hand on his knee “are you hurt?”
After a while of fighting back the feelings, he just gave up, because there was no life he could imagine, not loving
, she thinks. Hey, don’t blame her for trying, they boys still can’t figure out what her deal is, having her grace back but still having human needs…
“Jerk” Sam responds automatically, getting out of the car and turns to Dean, a smirk on his face “Funny thing how you said
“They covered our heads… I think we’re near to where they caught us though, we were not on the road for long.”
. He’s always been envious, especially of Lucifer, but if it comes down to getting revenge against Luci, or getting revenge against God, I think we both know he’s gonna team up with whomever gives him the best chance”
This time is no different, she opens door after door, and out of the corner of her eye she sees a different door, one that had never been there before, the energy from this one feels different; she’s scared but she has to open it, she rotates the knob slowly, the door opens, she’s hit with a very powerful but wicked energy, she tries to stay calm as she enters the room quietly, everything is dark except for a light that seems very far away. She starts walking toward the light and as she nears it she hears muffled voices, she continues making her way toward the light, and the voices become somewhat clear, she still can’t make what they’re saying but she recognizes them instantly. Metatron… and Lucifer.
. “… I just need to take a bit of this, darling. It’ll be over soon…”. More pain, it feels as if this goes on forever. She feels herself scream, but the sound is mute to her ears, she’s too far away.
“I don’t think I understand your question, Ri. He was punished and he’s to spend the rest of his existence locked in a cage, a cage that no one can open, except God”.
. For what? We’ve been trying to stop this since we met, maybe it’s just something that needs to happen.” Dean finishes his face red with anger.
Riley is relieved by that, and thinks it’d be best if she tells them about what she saw through the doors once they’re together. Her mind is racing trying to find any piece of info she can use to make the connection with the Lucifer-Metatron convo.
She’s almost home, but a figure appears right in front of her, out of an alley; she doesn’t stop but starts turning as if to cross the street, walking faster, the figures comes closer and before she can go down the street a hand grabs her from behind, and pulls her back, she screams but there’s a hand over her mouth. Panic. Now she’s looking for a way out, she gets her hands out of her pockets swinging her keys trying to connect with the guy’s head, she does. She frees herself from the guy’s hold and sprints but there’s another figure blocking her way.
She starts crying, she cries while she takes her shower, she cries for the life she left behind, the people, the plans, the future, she cries for her former life which she can’t remember completely, she cries for Cas not having any recollection of her and for every other angel for that matter, making this journey all the more difficult. She cries for all the times she couldn’t cry because she was in front of the boys, she cries for the exhaustion, for the desperation, for the weight she’s now carrying with her, keeping Cas and the Winchester safe, she cries because it’s a lot, because she doesn’t feel ready for any of it, because she thinks she’s not enough… she cries until she can’t shed a single tear anymore.
A beat of silence is followed by a chuckle, low and malicious. “Oh they’re here…” a grave voice speaks “you can come for your pets, we’ll be waiting.” then the phone clicks and the call ends.
On the ride back to the motel, Cas was on the back seat. Dean kept flicking his eyes between the road and Cas every few seconds. Cas stared out of the window for most of the ride. Dean could hear him sigh heavily and look down, and then he turned to the window, once more. Dean was worried now, something was off with Cas, and Dean had noticed it the moment they set foot in town.
The Winchester nod, Riley looks up at Cas, she takes his hand “It’s always been my duty to protect you, Cas.” She squeezes Cas’ hand “Whatever it takes.” Cas squeezes back.
“Get on all fours” Jay orders and Riley does, she almost comes again just from hearing Jay’s voice, “Such pretty ass…” Jay hums, Riley’s filled with arousal “I’m gonna wreck it” Jay’s hand comes down hard on her right butt cheek and her body recoils a bit as she pants. “I’ll have to punish you for your comments earlier” he spanks her left side now and gets the same reaction from Riley. Jay caresses her cheeks for a bit, Riley begs “Please, punish me…”. Jay smiles and bites down on her ass making her jump and squeal. “You’ve been naughty, angel” spank. “Coming down here to play with this demon” spank. “Such a pretty face, if only people knew…” spank. “My own pandora’s box… of kink” spank.
Riley tries with all her strength to sit up… “I… I don’t know… I can’t… I can’t move…” she huffs the last part, defeated. “What happened?”
“Look we don’t know who you are, and you showing up to help us at the right time, don’t get me wrong, we appreciate it, but it’s a little suspicious. So, why don’t you just tell me who you are and what you’re after. You owe us at least an explanation”.
“Morning, demon” Riley murmurs back, and she can hear a faint devilish chuckle while Jay buries his face on Riley’s hair.
Dean was frantic. “WHAT THE HELL, CAS!?” he screamed as he took the blade from his hand and threw it away.
Cas looked up at him, a serious expression on his face but his eyes were sad. “Yes, of course” is all he said. He then turned to Sam and started questioning him about some of the evidence. Dean didn’t push the issue, but he thought it was strange, Cas and the boys had been on really good terms for a while now, all of them forgiven for previous mistakes, they were family after all.
“Well, Riley might not remember a lot of things, but she sure knows Cas, she’s very protective of him, to say the least”
This was a few weeks before she went MIA, before she found out how much she didn’t know about the world, before she realized she was not only human. Also, the merest thought of her calling Jay “
Riley and Dean follow Cas to the library where Sam is looking at a table full of books, maps, scrolls, etc.
On the other hand, Riley studied marketing and advertising; she thought advertisement was also a form of art, when it was done correctly. She loves it.
“Oh, oh, good” Dean chuckled. “Well, yes I think extraordinary is the exact word I would use” he noted. “Are you, umm. Are you okay? Did I do something I shouldn’t have? Or…” Dean hesitated.
“The scribe of God, he knows a bit more than the rest of us, right? He had a close relationship with Him. He could have at some point gotten more info than he needed.”
Dean takes the pills and gulps them down, and the water is welcomed by his dry throat, so he downs the whole bottle.
But the smell of freshly brewed coffee and… is it, pancakes?, fills his nose; as if on queue his stomach growls, so he doesn’t have much of a choice, but to get out of bed.
When they first looked into the case, the evidence said witches. People were dying under strange circumstances, but were ruled suicides, none of them were related. However when they started investigating, all the victims shared what people called an unrequited love; every victim had been in love with someone who didn’t returned their feelings, that led the victims to suffer, everything from mood swings to depression; which explained why they had been ruled as suicides. There were no hex bags, so witches were out. With this information, Sam and Dean started thinking these were really just unfortunate events and not a real case. But the people they interviewed told them that the victims had no other reason to be sad or depressed, they were happy with their lives. Also, there had to be a trigger for the peak in suicides on the last month.
“Let me guess” Dean snapped “Cameron couldn’t bear the thought of living without the love of his life and the son of a bitch decided to go all Juliet and wait for her on the other side. Classic love tragedy stuff” he ranted, rolling his eyes. He was so done with this case.
Cas had been an angel, and angels weren’t supposed to feel, let alone fall in love with humans, and that was all Dean was, a human. Even if an angel could fall in love, even now that Cas was human, there was no way he could fall for Dean; he was too damaged, there was nothing he could offer Cas, even if he tried, he was just a broken soul, not even a whole human, not after going through hell and purgatory.
Tonight was no different, he fell asleep, this time dreams weren’t better than reality, he woke up after a few hours, he couldn’t sleep anymore so he got out of bed, Sammy was sleeping like a rock, on the other bed. He looked around the room but there was no sign of Cas, he usually took the couch since he was smaller. He noticed the light of the bathroom through the cracks of the closed door. Dean walked around the beds and reached for the door, he turned the knob but the door was locked. Dean tried again, it didn’t budge, his eyebrows furrowed. “Cas?” he called softly. There was no answer.
Somehow, Riley has walked along the road, and entered the woods, it feels like the woods are always beckoning her, and nature has always had a calming effect on her. Any bad day could get better with a walk in the woods, in her experience. She keeps walking until she comes to a clearing with a deck at the end, for tourist to take pictures of the scenery, she supposes.
Riley turns and walks away, stealing one last look at his boyfriend, dark brown hair tuck behind his ears (she has a thing for his hair), blue eyes sparkling, full lips smiling at her; but his eyes are hard, worry and doubt on his expression. She turns and keeps walking.
“Cas” she says, so quiet Dean’s not sure he heard her right. “Castiel, I’m searching for Castiel” she says, this time, voice steady.
“Yeah…” Sam continued “Except Cameron was also a girl. They started spending too much time together and people of the town noticed, Jillian’s parents wanted to get her as far away from Cameron as possible, so they found a suitable man for her. Anyway, Cameron was found dead on her room, she um… she stabbed herself with a dagger, right through her heart. She explained on her last letter to Jillian, she no longer care for it, since it had always and will always belong to her. I found the letters on the library site, Cameron’s family was one of the founding families of the town, so they keep record of them.”
This chapter focuses on how Dean and Cas' friendship finally evolved into a romantic relationship and something else, I guess... You know what I'm talking about ;)
…And someone clears his throat from the door, making both of them jump; Sam is standing on the threshold, with a wicked smile.
As hunters, Sam and Dean had learned to cover their tracks and stay off the grid and one step ahead in every way possible, so how had the demons come upon their location? It seemed safe enough, they had been careful, as always. It didn’t matter now, things had gone horribly wrong. Demons outsmarted them this time, setting up a bomb, to kill them. But of course Cas would never let that happen, what he didn’t anticipate was that the bomb had angel blade shards, and now Cas wasn’t healing properly, more like not healing at all.
“You know I have an early meeting tomorrow, a-very-important-to-my-future-kind-of-meeting” she says but, she doesn't feel super excited about leaving. Having spent all day in bed, catching up with Game of Thrones and eating pizza, well it was kind of heaven, for Riley at least, she always appreciated the “little things”.
“We must be in the mines, I saw them on the map while we did research for the case, before you came in… Has anyone else come in, have you seen anyone else?”
Dean wakes up with a weak groan, his body feels heavy, too heavy to even sit on the bed, and his head is swirling.
“Castiel alwaaaaysss comes when I caall, Sam is still a lil’ angry about that… buuuut Cas and I have a more profound bond, youu know…”
Riley seems perfectly comfortable sharing all these memories, but Castiel can only worry, because try as he might, he cannot make any connection between him and Riley, there are no memories, not even the faintest hint that corroborates her existence in Castiel’s mind. Which make Cas uneasy, there must be something very wrong with Riley, or she must have done something truly awful to have the memory of her erased from EVERY angel out there. Even though he doesn’t voice his concern, this is clear on his face.
Jay walks Riley to the door, it’s chilly outside, winter’s coming… fast. In a few months, they’ll have graduated; they talked about moving to the city, Jay’s dad owns a few workshops around town, he obviously wants Jay to take over them, but Jay also had a fascination with art, he’s always been good with his hands, on a car or on the canvas. So he ended up with a double major, Business and Art, he’s dad was extremely supportive, in fact he's giving Jay his own studio/apartment when he graduates. He knows nothing about it, Riley does cause Henry called her one day, ask to meet him for lunch, and told her he wanted her opinion on it, since they were moving together, he wanted to get it right but didn't want to spoil the surprise. It was perfect.
Cas breaks the kiss, gasping for air, his hands around Dean’s hips holding him close. “Don’t worry Dean. I’ll always come back to you… Just like the ocean, remember?” Cas breathes against Dean’s lips a small smile on his own.
That she’s dead? That someone took her? Are they looking for her still? It's not like she can’t know all these things, just a quick search of her name and she’s sure she’ll find all the answers; but she can’t bring herself to do that, it’s too painful to even imagine what her family has gone through. She could come back, and say what exactly? Oh hey, some guys tried to take advantage of me, and I tried to fend them off and it’s how I discovered I’m actually an angel? You know wings, harp, and tunic… yeah, she’d be sent straight to the mental ward.
Riley can’t stay awake, she drifts off. Dean does not speak anymore or if he does, she can’t hear him.
The brothers take opposite directions rounding the place, trying to go undetected, Riley and Cas run after Dean. They all crouch behind another metal scrap that used to be a car. Dean turns to them “Ok, here goes nothing!” Dean catches Cas’ lips again, he kisses him one last time; then he breaks the kiss leaving Cas gasping. He stands and starts running toward the front of the barn.
Riley wakes up drenched in sweat, and bolts up right, to find herself on a bed in the room of a motel the guys had checked in after a long day of investigating a case they had come across as they were chasing a lead of the bigger issue with the demons. She looks around to find Sam passed out on the other bed, but there is no sign of Cas or Dean, even though the side of her bed is still warm, which means Cas moved not too long ago.
Sam notices the gentle touches, the warm tone of Dean’s voice when addressing Cas, the fleeting looks he shares with the angel; all, when Dean thinks Sam is not paying attention.
“It was a bomb” Sam says, speaking for the first time since the girl appeared, “Cas tried to protect us, there was angel blade on the bomb, we think the shards inside his body are preventing him from healing”.
“Hadn’t you started earlier?” Sam asks Dean, while Dean downs half a glass and throws Sam the most innocent smile he can muster.
The boys stare at him, owlishly. “Ok, spit it out Cas.” Dean chimes, his eyes falling on Riley’s worried face, he knows whatever is about to come out of Cas’ mouth won’t be pretty.
“Sometimes I wonder if we’re more evil than good. We’ve made mistakes, and those mistakes have cost us.” Sam sighs.
“Are you okay?” Dean asks and seems alert and ready to move, the only thing stopping him is Cas’ head on his lap.
She hears a piercing scream of what she recognizes as raw pain and something in her chest breaks, a pain so jarring, a hole forming in her chest as tears fall from her eyes without her permission. She stops feeling him, even without her grace, she knows Cas is gone.
Dean opposes at first, but since he’s outnumbered, he resigns and follows the others to the front desk to get their shoes back, Sam pays for the service and they’re on their way.
Dean rose from the bed; he took his own boxers off, and then slid Cas’ down his legs and out of the way. Dean kissed Cas hard; he started with his mouth, then his neck, and he went down his chest. He went along his stomach, until he got to his hipbones. Cas’ hipbones were sinful, so Dean took his time, nibbling, and lapping with his tongue along the lines, over the soft skin. Cas was a writhing mess beneath him. And Dean was so hard now, precum running down his cock, he didn’t think he’d last long, but he was willing to try.
Dean continued watching Cas throughout the evening; when he was not discussing the case, he was quiet, and when Dean wasn’t looking, he could feel Cas’ stare on him, the moment he lifted his head Cas would look away.
Riley looks down, her eyes pooling with unshed tears “The same” she shrugs, trying to sound nonchalant and failing miserably.
She starts feeling optimistic that with a bit more time, she’ll be able to figure out all the mess. Still there are memories she has before Cas, and those keep coming back in bits and pieces, but those are hard to remember and even harder to sort. They try reaching out to a few other angels and some are willing to help, they meet at the bunker and contemplate Riley with confusion, as they had predicted, none of them remember Riley, but all are able to fill in more gaps from before Cas, not everything but they now are aware that Riley most have been one of the first angels to be created; Riley starts forming a better picture of life before Castiel, when things were a bit rougher, you got an order you follow that order, or else.
He was always happy to see Cas, but he was careful not to let it show, especially around Sam; his brother knew him too well, and he couldn’t risk letting the façade crack.
“Yeah, almost 4 days, I didn’t want to disturb you, since I know you’ve been having trouble sleeping. But after your second day in a row, I got worried, I didn’t barge in because I could still feel your grace, I knew you were still alive, at least” Cas says this with seriousness but hearing that last part makes Riley laugh, the absurdity, the thought of her having
“Ugh, awful, I need caffeine and carbs.” Dean answers. “Hey so, who won last night?… I, uhh…  don’t really remember much of the night, or how we got home. Sam, you drove, right? Is my Baby okay? I hope she is, cause you know I”
Riley is out the door, turns around to kiss Jay goodnight, Jay’s looking behind her, brows furrowing. “It’s late Ri, are you sure you don’t want to stay?” he looks worried.
Years of built up tension between the two seemed to vanish, their walls finally coming down. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas’ waist, Cas’ arms around Dean’s neck. Dean shifted and led Cas to the bed, pushing him down without breaking the heated kiss, his knees on either side of Cas hips, straddling him. Dean turned his head and kissed along Cas’ neck, making him gasp.
“I know Dean.” Castiel cuts him off a bit annoyed. “I know you don’t want me to do this, but it’s the only way.”
Jay starts eating her as if this is the last thing he’ll do on this earth, and Riley holds on to the mattress any way she can, Jay goes between her legs and continues lapping her clit and sliding his tongue, his pinky finger already inside her ass, Riley’s barely registered this, she’s too lost in desire now. He keeps on stimulating every part of hers he can reach and feels her legs tremble, he knows she’s about to come so he doesn’t stop. Riley tenses and then releases her body, a moan so obscene falling from her lips, Jay scoots out of the way, the sheets now wet with her squirt, body limp, she falls on the mattress.
Castiel turns to get orange juice and glasses for everyone, and looks over at Dean and motions  for him to take a seat.
“Cas. I dream of you most nights, I just… like to keep you on myy mind, since I don’t… know when you’re gonna disappear on me” Dean ends with a sigh, Cas’ face is now pensive and melancholic.
Sam got food for all of them. Even though Riley was now an angel, her human body kept demanding sustenance.
Riley laughing while trying to teach Castiel the things every angel should know but Castiel always asking why without missing a beat. Riley regarding Castiel’s concentration face, eyes wide and inquisitive.
Dean hated waking up right after having these dreams, because he felt hope and love, and then reality came crashing down and he felt hollow; the feeling of burying his face on Cas’ neck, still fresh in his mind, but unattainable.
“Umm, wow, I’m sorry, I had no idea… honestly I just woke up and feel rested, but I didn’t realize it had been so long…” she trails off.
“He doesn't even know her! Why would she want to help him!? Unless she wants something from him, or us” Dean growls.
The boys nod “we’re fine” Sam adds, “You gave us a scare though, the angel blade, it didn't let you heal”
The door opens to a big room and they see Dean strapped to a chair, a demon next to him a knife on his hand sliding on the side of Dean’s arm; the chair is facing an operating table, Cas strapped to it, Metatron hovering over Castiel, a scalpel on his right hand, a vial on the left. Riley sees red.
Now she feels the heaviness of her clothes clinging to her body, but she has to move, she has to find Cas. And just as she’s starting to do so, she hears Cas’ voice above the thunder and crashing of the storm, feels a tinge of energy run through her body, and it turns her cold, not like the cold of a storm or that of a really bad winter, this is something she’s only felt a few times before in her entire existence, and as hard as she wants to fight, there’s nothing else to do. She regains control of herself and focuses on the mission, willing her vessel to move, and she screams his name… “
“He is so soooft, and his haiiir… even softer” Dean says while running his fingers through the angel’s hair, and Cas doesn’t move, but instead accepts the caress, trying and failing not to turn even redder with each comment out of Dean’s mouth.
Riley feels content with her life at this very moment and she tries to savoir it, it feels almost magical, in the early morning hours, Jay still asleep, her feeling his heart beating through his chest against her back, his breath faintly reaching her hair and ear, it tickles lightly, not enough to make her move.
After an interminable assault to his hipbones, Cas felt Dean’s head hovering over his cock, he opened his eyes and turned to see Dean as he took him in his mouth. Cas’ head hit the pillows, back arching from the bed, hips pressing up; he felt Dean’s hand pushing over his hips, holding him in place. Wet heat enclosing his now throbbing dick, he felt Dean bobbing his head up and down at a slow pace at first, sucking and kissing, he’d hummed every now and then, which sent a shiver through Cas’ body and make his cock twitch. Cas’ hands flew to Dean’s head, and ran his fingers through Dean’s hair, fists closing around the soft dirty blond strands. Dean picked up the pace and uncovered his teeth just a bit, grazing over the sensitive skin, tongue lapping on the underside of his cock, and pressing against the slit. Cas could feel something building up in his belly, his breath hitching. “Dean… please…” his voice shaky.
They know Dean, they know how much Dean really loves Castiel, and they know that Dean is someone who you can’t push to do anything he doesn’t want to do; they’ve known this for as long as each have known Dean.
She looks down, her fingers barely moving around her clit after she masturbated to this particular memory, she sighs in defeat,
“Don’t! This isn’t a game! He’s hurt, please, I can help” she says the last words quietly, eyes searching Dean’s, pleading.
“Metatron. Are you sure she doesn’t know?” Lucifer asks trying to sound nonchalant but there is a tinge of fear that Riley could never miss.
Calm washed over Dean, he sighed with relief. “Forgive me, but I’d thought about this moment for a while now, I just want to make sure you enjoyed it as much as I did…”
Sam sat, once again on the edge of the bed. “Cas, how do you feel? Do you remember what happened last night?”
After catching their breaths, Jay gets up to clean the mess, they lay down for a while, kissing and talking. Jay is the first one to get up, he takes a shower and asks Riley to rest while he does, she needs it after all.  Jay comes out of the bathroom, and convinces Riley get out of bed and in the shower. She takes her time while replaying their morning sex, she smiles and chuckles at the memories and can’t help but think what kind of spell Jay has on her, that makes her want to be so kinky, so daring. Love, she thinks, that’s the spell. She steps out of the shower and into the bedroom, Jay is gone, but she can smell coffee and pancakes, her heart feels like it could burst from happiness.
“Well, I’m not ok with it! And YOU…” Dean turns to Riley “How can you stand there and do nothing? Say nothing? I thought you were here to protect Cas! Even if he gives up his grace, he could die in the midst of things, he’ll just be human, do you really think he can survive!?” he asks frantically.
“So, you wanna tell us who you are? And why are you helping us? I thought by now, the only angel willing to help us was Cas…” he muses, contemplating Cas’ resting figure, eyes soft, a sad smile on his lips.
The boys should be back by now, she thinks, she goes out of her room, and makes her way to the kitchen; no one around but she’s starving so might as well serve herself. After a while, Cas shows up “Hey!”, Riley looks back “Hey! I’m not sure what time it is, but I’m starving so…”
“Fine!” Cas quips “It’s no big deal, but still, there are demons around. We’ve been avoiding them, and the bunker has been of great help but-”
“I cannot ask anyone to sacrifice themselves for us Dean, I need to give up my grace willingly for it to work, I’m ok with that.” Cas states.
“Good morning, Dean” Castiel says softly, and he’s only wearing a hoodie and jeans to Dean’s surprise.
“Let’s try again,” says Dean in a husky voice “who do you work for? We know it’s not Crowley, he’s been MIA since what happened with that witch mother of his and the mark. So someone else seems to be running things now” Dean finishes cocking an eyebrow, the demon says nothing, after a few moments Dean sprays him with holy water, making him hiss, his skin burning.
It’s been three weeks since they got trapped by Metatron and the demons, Riley lost her grace in the process and is now by all intents and purposes, a human woman, again. Sam was unscathed, Dean and Cas were not so lucky but are recovering well. After the boys got some rest, Riley told them about the doors in her meditation, about what she had heard, about what Metatron did and had said about her,
“Cas, baby, you do remember I’m here to take care of you guys, right? And with all the crazy shit you come across, it’s not an easy feat, so I can’t leave you on your own for too long” Riley says laughing.
After they cleaned themselves up and put on fresh clothes, they came out of the bathroom. Sam handed them bags with burgers and fries, Dean’s favorites. Sam appeared to be in a good mood, smiling at both his brother and the angel. He never brought up the subject, for Sam, it was something that had been settled long before it even occurred. He was just happy they were all okay, and his brother had finally told the angel what Sam knew Dean had felt for him, for a long time.
Dean tries again with a softer tone and a small smile “Agh, I mean, it’s really fun, everyone enjoys doing it; besides, it’s a great way for us to take a break from our usual business”.
“I’m good, Cas. I just… I guess I needed it, it’s been a while. But I’m ok now, I promise.” Riley states.
Jay goes in for a kiss and it’s savage he takes her breath away and when he’s done, he starts squeezing her neck again, this time he goes all in, Riley starts to choke and when she’s reaching her limit, he releases her; Riley gasps for air while holding Jay’s arm which has now moved from her neck to her boobs, and then down to the hem of Riley’s (actually Jay’s) shirt, the hand is now inside and pulling up the piece of clothing to get it out of the way.
“That’s what I felt” Cas said almost inaudible. The brothers stared at him, but none of them pressured him for more. But Sam could see the worry and fear on his brother’s eyes, as he searched Cas’ face for answers.
Cas felt the pressure being released through his body. “Dean…” he hissed, toes curling, hands fisting the sheets; Dean jerked Cas through his orgasms, almost drawing it out of him. When he finished, Cas was trying to catch his breath; he was coming down from his orgasm and felt Dean shift.
At this point they’ve had three more rounds of pizza and beer, Dean gulping down most of the second; and it’s like Dean gravitated towards Cas during this time, and is now almost sitting on Cas’ lap.
“I really thought he was gone this time, and I couldn’t imagine life without Cas. I just remember I killed that girl, and I’m happy I did, no one hurts my family without repercussions, not on my watch” Sam and Cas only share a glance and they know they have to call it a night.
Cas took this as encouragement and licked his lips; he took Dean in his mouth. “Fuck. Cas…” he grunted, shifting his hands and running his fingers through Cas’ hair. It was so soft, how many times he’d fantasized of playing with Cas’ hair, and it almost drove him over the edge; okay so it was definitely a kink. Dean’s hips darted forward. He felt Cas hollowed out his cheeks, sucking hard, tongue twisting around his cock. “Cas – I … I’m gonna come!”
Before they can continue, Cas starts coughing, Dean shots up from the chair and crosses the room in a few long strides, he seems worried.
Cas groaned, opening his eyes, he tried to push himself off of Dean, but Dean held him back, a hand across his stomach “Don’t move, please. Just - just stay here, okay? Let Sammy check out your bandages first”. Cas stopped moving, compliant.
She touches the wings hanging from her necklace, “After listening to the name over and over, I was able to calm myself and started shutting down the voices, well, I picked the ones I wanted to hear; and I had this urge to go somewhere, so I got in my car and drove to some place near Baltimore, where I found my grace. The moment I got it back, the memories started coming back as well; not all at once though, I keep remembering things now. I guess angels have a long life span” she laughs sarcastically.
Riley nods. “Thank you for taking care of him.” she whispers “I- I’ve talked to him and he’s told me all about you…” she says with a fond smile. “you love each other, deeply” and it’s a statement.
Cas felt like he was floating. Never in all of his existence had he experienced something even remotely close to this. If he ever died as a human, he was sure this was his heaven. At first he tried to fight the urges to make sounds and moves, but it seemed Dean liked it whenever he emitted a sound or bucked his hips, especially if he called his name.
Riley wakes up, blinking, trying to adapt her sight to the darkness that engulfs her; this time she’s able to push herself off the ground and sit upright, she senses ruffling on her left side and turns to search for Dean.
Lucifer drops Dean on the spot, a growl so beastly emerging from his mouth, suddenly she feels herself been pulled up in the air, Cas right by her side, they’re flying out of the barn and into the open field, both landing a few feet besides Dean. Lucifer’s eyes start to glow, and the storm that was brewing begins to rage with full force, lightning strikes falling mere feet from where they’re standing, the wind picks up creating a dust storm, suddenly, the field is no longer visible.
“There’s something else” Sam mused. “Cameron had a… fascination with Greek mythology, and there was a mention of The Algea, on her letter. The Algea are the spirits of pain and suffering of both the mind and body. They were also goddesses of grief, sorrow, and distress. They were known as the bringers of weeping and tears. She wrote in her last letter that these spirits helped her move on…”
He could hear Sam ruffling through the bags over the running water. Sam called out, letting them know he’d brought dinner. Dean smiled at himself and called back, telling him they’d be out in a few minutes. Dean took the time to wash Cas’ hair, yep, it was a kink all right. Cas hummed content, he hadn’t stopped smiling, and Dean was happy for it; whenever he looked at Dean, it spread wide, making his eyes wrinkle a little. Dean loved it; he’d returned the smile every time.
Riley looks at the boys “Ok, guys, you have to be the distraction, Cas and I will sneak into the barn and complete the spell, you have to give us as much time as you can.”
Dean pushed Cas back. The angel was surprised for a second at the sudden loss of contact. Dean jerked himself through his orgasm; he came in hot waves all over Cas’ chest. He fell next to Cas, catching his breath. When he opened his eyes, bright green encountered deep blue, a smile was plastered on Cas face, and that made Dean smile. They lay there together until Dean was able to control his breathing; he was looking at Cas sideways through hooded eyes, Cas mirroring his expression.
“How did we get here? Do you remember anything coming in?” Riley starts checking her surroundings, they’re on a cell, underground apparently.
Jack and Sam are standing over the stove, and Cas is putting dishes filled with pancakes, eggs and bacon on the table.
Riley feels heavy, her body not responding, her mind barely registers her surroundings, she murmurs something but it’s incomprehensible.
…” Dean closes the space between them and kisses Cas with no reservations. He doesn’t care his brother and the former angel are right there in front of them, he kisses Cas like his life depends on it, like it’s the last time he’ll taste those full lips in this lifetime… that might be the case.
Dean was flushed against Cas’ body, his mind racing. He wanted to take Cas and fuck him into the mattress until Cas was crying out his name and coming undone beneath him. But Cas had been a human for just about 2 months, this was Cas’ first time so Dean willed himself to take it slow and make his angel enjoy every second of it.
Before she can give it more thought, Cas shifts where he’s laying and he opens his eyes to find Dean staring down at him. “Morning sunshine” he chirps and looks up to where Riley is standing, but she's gone.
Dean loved hearing Cas make all those noises, it got him hard in seconds and he was rutting against Cas’ thigh.
That was all Dean needed to hear, he slipped a hand under Cas’ boxers and closed his fist around his cock, Cas was big and hard; Dean saw the reaction of Cas’ face as he did this, eyes closing, mouth opening. Dean had never been more turned on in his life.
The spirit wasn’t happy the guys were trying to get rid of it, so she defended herself. The Algea were just a representation after all, so they just had to take care of the spirit. It was Sam, who ultimately finished the job, burning the book. The spirit attacked both Cas and Dean, leaving them in a state of panic, each imagining various ways in which they would lose the other. The spirit attacked people who were in love, so if it wasn’t clear for everyone in the room before, it was clear now, that the hunter and the former angel were very much in love.
“Demon, huh?... maybe we should find out…” Jay trails off as he begins to kiss Riley’s neck, Riley can only laugh, that is until Jay slides the hand he has around her hips downward, Riley gasps as Jay’s adept fingers touch the right spot…
“Shut up, Sammy!” Dean says his cheeks in flames again, but he doesn’t seem really bother by his brother’s comments.
Dean narrows his eyes “Sam!” he yells, dropping the bags he was carrying. Sam doesn’t hesitate, and reaches for the knife while Dean gets a flask from his pocket. The demon charges for them, holy water burning his face, a gash opening in his forearm, while Sam and Dean try to get a hold of him.
The place looked odd to Jack, but it was half full of people and they seemed to be enjoying themselves; so he followed the others. He didn’t ask why they needed other types of shoes to step on the floor, nor did he comment on the lights going out every once in a while, to let tables, walls and clothes glow in the dark.
Again Cas was silent, and Dean seemed lost in thought, so Sam continued, “I think Cameron doesn’t think it’s fair that she suffered so much and now wants to make others suffer. I think she’s using the Algea as a representation, for the attacks. There have been at least a couple of suicides every 10 years since she died…”
They don’t need to be told twice, everyone is grabbing their things and getting ready to make a jump through space, courtesy of Cas.
“I found something” Sam interrupted him, while working on Cas’ bandages. “There was a suicide about 80 years ago, Cameron Ackerman, came from an accommodated family and was in love with Jillian Holt, she was like the most beautiful girl in town; unfortunately Jillian had been promised to a man of a very wealthy family, and so, they couldn’t be together, even though according to some of Cameron’s letters to Jillian, they were very much in love and were even planning to run away together. Before they could do that though, Jillian’s parents sent her away to the family of the man she was going to marry…”
Three pairs of eyes fall on her, full of wonder; one with a hint of sympathy, one with understanding and one with annoyance.
This is how it’s always been with them, day and night, opposites that found the balance they needed, complementing each other perfectly, well almost. Any human relationship is complicated but as long as both parties want to work for it, fight together against their issues instead of fighting one another, if they both love the other more than they love their own ego or pride, that’s when things work out, and that’s what they have.
Cas had no idea what was happening, the sensations he was getting from what Dean was doing were all new, and he couldn’t think straight; but honestly he didn’t care. Because this man, the one he had gripped tight and raised from perdition, the one that had showed him the true meaning of family, the righteous man who deserved everything good in life; this man loved him, and that was all that mattered. So whatever Dean wanted to do, he would accept it gladly.
She feels a hand on her arm, “We need to go.” Cas says drily, he can barely stand. Cas raises his hand, a light radiates from Cas, taking care of the remaining demons. Riley sees Metatron disappear. In the blink of an eye, they’re all back at the bunker, Cas collapses on the floor, Dean reaches for him as best as he can, they’re both injured.
Sam looks as if he’s pondering on what to say next, finally, he sighs, running his fingers through his hair and shifting his weight from one foot to the other.
“It was an ambush” Dean says, disdain clear in his tone. “We were finished with the case, we went back to the motel for our things, about to hit the road… we never thought… we should have been more careful. I’m sorry this is my fault.”
“He’s sooo cute when he’s angry… he gets really stressed sometimes… and I just hate it when he up and leaves, I meeaan, we’re his family, I don't like being apart from him, he’s always getting in trouble for not staying with us” Sam runs a hand over his face.
As they reach the starting point Riley turns to Sam “If we go that way, we’re gonna face a lot of demons, Sam…” Sam stares at her “… I don’t have my powers anymore, if something happens to me, please just go, try to get out if you can.” Riley whispers.
Dean couldn’t stop now “I fucking love you, okay!? And it drives me crazy, every time I’m with you I just… you’re my angel, you saved me, and I know I’m fucked up, after everything I’ve done, I know I can’t offer you something better, I wish I could, because you deserve better, you deserve everything and I can’t…” tears were streaming down freckled cheeks.
The game goes smoothly after Jack is shown “how it’s done” by a very enthusiastic Dean; Jack seems more relaxed after a few tries and is clearly enjoying the game, either because he was actually into the game or because Dean seemed to be giving his approval on his progress.
“Also, after last night, I imagined you’d need a good breakfast” Sam adds mockingly. “How are you feeling?”
“It’s fine, we asked more out of curiosity than anything else. From our experience, He doesn’t want to be found, and He won’t get in the way of what’s happening or who’s making it happen” Sam sighs heavily and gives a half hearted smile.
“I don’t know how, I just knew what I had to do and… I couldn't let you die” Riley explains, glancing at Cas.
They take in their surroundings and head in the direction of the motel. They near the room with the correct number and as Riley steps up and inches her hand to the doorknob, a current runs through her and stops her cold, the angel wings on her neck begin burning her skin, she immediately turns around and she sees Castiel looking at her, she wants to tell him to run and get out of here, but before she can open her mouth the door to the boys room opens and she’s dragged into darkness, her name being said and desperately trying to reach her from somewhere, now, far away.
Did they went bowling last night? Ah yes, a clear memory of them going into the bowling alley is now present in his mind.
They hunters and the angel get to know more about their rescuer. Riley is still a little shady and Dean doesn't like that.
“I love you, Dean Winchester” he announced, a little breathless. “You are the most beautiful soul I’ve ever laid eyes on. The things you do, you do for others. You’re always taking care of everyone, but you never let anyone take care of you. And you tell me I don’t deserve you?” Cas reached for Dean, a hand cupping his face, “You are everything to me. Everything”.
Riley turns slowly, Dean is regarding her, she walks a few steps forward and sees Cas, sleeping peacefully, she laughs lightly.
“But – that’s impossible, angel blade is the only way to kill angels; you can’t heal from an angel blade wound.” Cas argues.
Sam finally breaks the silence “What the hell was that!? I’ve never seen anything like it” he stutters.
angel; if he could not have him in reality, dreams were his escape. He would dream of Cas, almost every night; bright blue eyes staring softly at him, questioning, demanding, seeing straight through him. Dean holding Cas in his arms, brushing the hair off his forehead and patting it, taking Cas’ face in his hands and kissing him slowly, tenderly, lips brushing as Dean would whisper ‘
“I imagine she was desperate, and suffering. For Jillian to be taken away from her was pretty much like killing her. Also, at the time, two women as a couple... it must had been difficult for them, I guess” Sam prompted.
Jack reaches the table with a pot of coffee and mugs, bringing Sam back from his reverie, he seats next to Cas; and they all eat for a few moments in comfortable silence, enjoying their meal.
“Ok, Ri… I’m gonna fuck you now” Jay says a little breathless, now is Riley’s turn to gasp and shiver.
Riley and Cas stayed at the motel, while Sam and Dean got provisions. They were leaving in the morning, Cas was still recovering and Dean wanted to make sure he was feeling better before they hit the road. It was quiet, Dean’s mind wandering, both hands on the wheel and Sam was looking out the window, a soft orange glow from the sun, night coming.
“I don’t mean to undermine your losses, I know life hasn’t been easy for you boys. But I recall God telling me that everything that happens and everyone who exists, has a purpose. I think I know mine…” Riley looks at Cas who is still resting on the bed. Then turns to the boys “Maybe this is yours. Wasn’t that the family business?” she says with a ghost of a smile “or so I’ve heard”
Jack takes in all the reactions and understands what he’s done, he’s referenced the events of last night, so he hesitates. “I… I… I’m sorry I wasn’t supposed to say that.” But it’s too late now, and his attempt at an apology or an omission is useless.
!”; then she hears her own name in return, she’s just a few feet from Cas, she can feel his energy radiating from where he’s standing, so close, she reaches out with her hand and then, she hears him scream.
She didn’t tell the boys when she first did this, it was a while back but she’s getting better at it, she stands up and goes back to the cabin, and in the cabin she starts opening doors, these doors are leading her to anywhere in the world, they belong to humans and angels alike, she somehow sees, hears and feels everything the person or angel is seeing, hearing or feeling at that very moment, sometimes it’s normal living, sometimes it’s dreaming, or meditation, or they’re so engaged on a given task they go to an in between state of life and heaven. She doesn’t understand how she does this, she just went with it the first time and realized she could start opening these doors, maybe one of them will lead her to the answers she’s been searching.
It had been a while since I wrote anything and well, it started out as pure smut because writing that it's just too fun for me.
“What did you do to him!?” Dean demands, while he walks up to her, a hand closing around her throat.
At this point Jay is panting while pressing his cock against Riley’s ass, and Riley can only hold on to Jay’s arm and the sheets, and the only sounds coming out of her mouth are gasps and moans. Riley turns around and in the same movement gets on top of Jay, he automatically grabs her hips with both of his hands for support and Riley starts moving, pressing down on Jay’s hard cock, Riley grabs Jay’s shoulders for support and continues the movements trying to get all the friction she can on her clit, she’s so wet, and she can feel Jay’s the same… Riley closes her eyes, this is the moment Riley lets go of any inhibitions, this is what’s so amazing about Jay, she trusts him completely and is able to let go of everything, and just feel… and Jay is always ready for her.
“Umm, what’s going on?” Dean asks a little confused, raising his eyebrows in Cas’s directions, also silently asking why on earth are you not wearing your suit and trench coat. “What’s with all the food?”
They got to their assigned lane, and Sam called for Jack to help him get some bowling balls; Jack looked over at Cas, who was standing really close to Dean, and they were whispering, Dean’s lips pulling at the corners, he was trying to hide a smile.
The other angels bring details on Metatron, things that Cas couldn’t know, and Riley feels her mind racing now, Metatron could be the key to unlocking all of Riley’s memories, she can feel it, the only issue is he’s been MIA after all the mess he left behind last time.
“Umm, you know how Dean is, he doesn’t like to talk about certain stuff with everyone.” continues Sam.
Castiel doesn’t seem to mind that none of Dean’s affections are not voiced out loud or shown for everyone to see. He just accepts them happily.
“Oh!” Cas breathed. “Of course I did, I’d never experienced anything like it before. I see now, why this is a big deal down here” he mused, blushing; a shy smile on his lips.
She’s trying to catch her breath and Jay lays down with her, he embraces her as she’s coming down from
Riley turns to look, the street is empty, her apartment is a few blocks away, she always walks home, and she likes the time to think, especially on a chilly night. She looks back at Jay, “I’ll be fine, it’s not the first time I walk home, don’t worry about it. I’ll call you when I get there” she says, a small smile on her face.
Her heart starts racing, this is what she needs, the key to unlocking her memories, she somehow knows that it rests with these two, her mind is racing, and she has to slow down and take a few breaths to avoid messing this up. She gets closer and she can hear their conversation now.
“It’s late” she says, as she gets off the couch “I gotta get back home”. Riley thinks this has been one of the laziest, yet greatest days she’s spent with Jay since they met.
“Fuck!” Riley snaps “they’re trying to slow us down. How many scrolls has Metatron gotten his hands on!?”
Dean tightens his grip on the blade he’s holding and turns to look at Cas. He’s still sitting on the bed, but he’s paying close attention to everything.
Dean’s eyes widen, he started calling for Cas while pounding on the door. Sam appeared behind Dean, he was looking around, alert. Dean kicked the door down.
Now Dean would never let anyone know, but the case was screwing with his head, people dying because of unrequited love, it was just too close to home. Dean, as much as he wanted to ignore it, had feelings for Cas, and they were most definitely
Cas clears his throat, trying to break the uncomfortable silence. “Sam might have found something; he needs to talk to us.”
She gets out of bed and goes to take a shower, she looks at her reflection in the mirror, this is not something she does often nowadays, she doesn’t like what’s staring back at her; not much has changed in her features, but she looks tired, she wonders how it is possible to have changed so little yet so much; the silver angel wings are the only thing she’s got left from her previous life, her fingers automatically reach the wings and touch them, she feels a tinge of love, still there from everyone in her life, from Jay.
They were standing in the middle of the room, facing each other, a few feet apart, both avoiding looking directly at the other. The silence stretched, finally when it was too much, Cas spoke. “Dean, about what happened tonight…”
Castiel speaks this time “And the answer is yes, Dean, you won. Jack almost caught up with you though, he got really good after a few tries”.
By now Dean’s hands have moved up to Castiel’s neck and he runs a hand through his hair, and Castiel is now clinging to Dean’s broad shoulders and…
“I… I don’t know, I don’t think so, I just, I was feeling so… sad and upset and…” Cas sighed heavily, it seemed like he was tired just for speaking, and he was breathing fast.
It’s been a few days and they boys have been checking in with them every day, mostly Dean has been calling Castiel or viceversa, it’s like they can’t be apart for too long or they’ll explode and this makes Riley chuckle. Who would have thought that Cas was going to end up here… actually, this is the only way it could have gone, this was Cas after all, he never really liked following all the rules, and this one was kind of important, angels and humans could not be together, could not fall in love, and yet, here she was looking amused at how Cas blushes and leans into the phone, almost as if he wants to go through it to meet Dean on the other side.
Dean waits for her to calm down and says “Ri, this an occupational hazard for us, ya know. We’re used to this… we just gotta figure out a way of getting out of it.”
She stands and quickly exists the room, she needs to clear her head and the air outside is chilly enough for her to do so: just like before, when she was just a human, when she had no idea what she really was, when all this world of the supernatural was just a thing of the books, movies and TV shows that she loved so much she couldn’t put down or stop watching until she had the closure she needed.
“I don’t know… I haven’t even found the spell itself, just mentions of it here and there…” Sam trails off.
The interview that could give her a job, and probably the stability she needed in order to keep building a life with the man she loved, her family and friends, Jay; always in the back of her mind, is Jay, what must he think? What must they all think?
“Best case scenario, you can’t be killed, and we might take longer to get out of here, but we will get out. Worst case, Metatron is lying, and you might get hurt; in any case, I’m not leaving you behind.” Sam says resolute.
Both demons step inside the cell, the woman regarding Sam; the man kneels next to Riley, he touches her arm, no reaction. He goes to her neck to feel her pulse.
“I fucking love you, angel” he smiles while kissing her back, she smiles back even though she can’t see him.
; all the angels in the garrison use full names, all of them call him Castiel. After so many years apart, even though she doesn’t remember exactly what she’s supposed to be to Castiel, she feels it, the big sibling duty.
Dean stares at him, realization dawned on him, they had been getting these kind of small cases, nothing that would attract too much attention, they almost seemed too easy; which is probably what they were, easy cases to lure them to a certain place, to what end? Kill them? They had worked several cases, why wait until this one in particular? What stopped them before?
The real prize is that Dean even still feels a little drunk, dry mouth and all. Getting a drinksuddenly seems like the best idea he’s ever had, the bunker’s kitchen an oasis in the world’s driest desert.
Between Charlie laying all the food out in the kitchen, Sam hanging banners and Dean blowing up so many balloons that he’d been on the cusp of passing out, they miraculously manage to get everything set up an hour before the ceremony is due to start. They’ve cleared space in the library and set up a couple dozen dingy chairs, and the bunker doesn’t look half bad.
He really does try to keep the inevitable irritated look at bay, but Dean can’t quite help the reaction. Not being able to process sympathy without it transitioning to pity isn’t one of Dean’s best qualities, but he figures he’s set in his ways by now.  “I’m fine, man.”
Charlie’s quiet and it’s suspicious, so Dean dares to glance over at her. Her eyebrows are knitting together, and she’s levelling him with a gaze that’s calling him a liar.
The atmosphere’s a little less stifling now, and Dean’s getting ready to settle into how they usually act around each other when Charlie asks, “how are you?” There’s no Charlie-esque joke tacked onto the end, no bantering or attempt at busting his balls, just genuine curiosity. Dean really can’t stand the note of concern in her voice.
“Uh, Claire. Listen.” Voice barely a murmur, Dean cringes at how utterly weak he sounds. He wishes he had the stones just to come out and say it but knows there needs to be a certain delicate edge to his delivery that he just can’t seem to muster. There are only so many ways to tell a girl who’s had a life steeped in trauma and pain and loss that her only father figure is gone, and Dean can’t think of a single one. He cops out. “I can’t hear you. My connection’s crappy. Can I call you back later?”
This is the part where Cas retracts his words and sputters over an excuse for what he’d said, where he (rightfully) drags Dean through the mud along with Sam to appease him, where he says what he really thinks because as far as he knows, Dean is sound asleep rooms away from them.
“Think Charlie’s bringing some stuff tomorrow morning, but pretty much. Gonna run this stuff into the kitchen.” Sam just sees him off with a curt nod and looks back towards the table.
Sam blunders through from behind Dean as Cas descends the steps. They meet at the bottom and Dean can only watch, face still warm from Cas’ gaze, as Sam grips him into a hug.
They get started immediately, figuring that there’s no time to waste with just the three of them left to dress the whole damn bunker by themselves. Grabbing a bulk-sized pack of deflated balloons, Dean peers around the table hoping to find a pump, lest his lungs give out before he actually gets to
He remembers the glint in Sam’s kind eyes as he and Eileen tied the knot, remembers the muted buzz in his brain as he chatted with Charlie and Kaia and he remembers spitting harsh words in his brother’s face that left an acidic taste in his mouth.
“It’s actually the Bridal Chorus, but I like where your head’s at,” she pulls away, still gripping Sam by the biceps as she looks up at him, beaming. “I can’t believe you’re getting—”
Every time Cas’ face flashes across his mind he pushes it away with thoughts of their victory. He thinks of their safety and all the lives they’ve managed to save this time around, and if most of the time Dean wonders whether it’s even worth it if Cas is gone then he shoves that away too.
wants to be assertive—he wants to be confident and bold and assured. He wants to sweep Cas off his feet without hesitation or pause and make him think
“Okay, obviously we wanted to tell you first, but I’m gonna go call people now. Hope Cas isn’t working.”
Dean smiles in a feeble attempt to soften the atmosphere. “I was the safe bet after all. Who would’ve thought, huh?” Charlie fixes him with a glare bordering on murderous, and his face falls.
so we’re not seeing each other until tomorrow. Jody picked her up about a half hour ago. They’re at a hotel. Girls’ night or whatever.”
Dean’s just getting started mouthing at Cas’ jaw when the telltale sound of a creaky door echoes through the hallways. They part, panting, and glance down towards the noise’s direction before looking back at each other.
Beads of condensation cascade down his bare forearm, and Dean watches as they slope down over the skin. He pushes away an intrusive thought of tracing the path of the water with his tongue and clears his throat.
Cas delivers the ceremony with all the confidence and assurance that Dean had expected. He knows it’s exactly what Sam needs, so he lets go of any resentment. Eileen’s smile practically reaches her eyes as Sam signs and translates the words to her, and it’s enough.
He slaps on a smile, fumbling with a balloon. “I’m awesome. Never better.” Dean hasn’t quite reached the point of fully believing his own bullshit yet, but he’s determined. He’ll get there.
Pulling away, Sam claps a large hand down onto Cas’ shoulder and turns to head up into the library. He gestured for Cas to follow him. “Come on. We should run through stuff before people start showing up.” Cas nods and starts to follow.
Sam peers past Charlie at him, meeting Dean’s amused smirk with an eye roll, and Dean can practically hear the ‘
Voices sound from somewhere not too far, and Dean thinks he recognises one as Sam’s. There’s a whole shattered mess of crap for him to start piecing back together, and no sense in holding off.
“So there’s no chance? That’s it?” God, Sam’s finally reached pitiful, and his dejected, secondhand-sad face makes Dean want to curl up and die, puke and punch him all at the same time.
Chest tightening, Dean feels a lot all at once. Guilt, confusion, love. He’s sick to death of being bombarded with emotion—more so the past few days than ever before. Dean yearns for the ability to compartmentalise, to be able to box up every feeling that passes through his mind and study it at length. More than anything, he craves the ability to know how to deal with it all.
Whatever song his headphones are blaring, Dean doesn’t really hear it. He’d managed to trudge his way back through to his room without any run-ins with anybody—although, Dean’s not entirely sure he would’ve registered it if he had. There’s a numbness in his limbs that makes him feel heavy, something akin to grief without the forced finality but a loss all the same.
Disbelief had been the prominent one, although he wasn’t sure why. For the few hunters he’d known that had managed to quit the life, marriage wasn’t unheard of. Having it announced to him solo as though they were addressing the masses brought it a lot closer to home, though.
He watches as his brother’s eyes widen and his mouth drops open a little, as if he’s trying to find the words. “Uh, actually, I’ve kind of already asked Cas.”
The alarm shuts off abruptly and the darkness gives way to a soft light that Dean realises is now only being stifled by his eyelids. The stench of death and burning bodies has been overtaken by the crisp spring air wafting in through the window. Dean chokes out a gasp, relieved, and welcomes the smell, takes a deep breath and opens his eyes.
He remembers Cas—his voice gritty describing Dean’s insufferable stubbornness, his lips slotting desperately between Dean’s, soft and shaking hands skating over bare skin in the black of the room, limbs tangled.
Cas laughs and leans into the touch, the side of his head lolling against Dean’s ear, “you smell like cars.”
Mechanical work’s one of the only things he learned from his dad that wasn’t a means to killing something, and the brief opportunity to relish in the normalcy is the reason he’s always loved the craft of it.
Dean turns his attention back to Charlie and Kaia pointedly, an effort to distract himself, and tries to tune into their conversation. Unsurprisingly, they’re still talking about Claire.
Since they pulled the wheel on the end of the world, Dean’s more surprised than anybody that he’s actually been getting his eight hours most nights. In turn, his six hours due to his impromptu late night date with booze and corny noughties television has propelled Dean into some sort of state of unrelenting crankiness. The last minute trip to the store and almost-fist-fight with someone over the last pack of white balloons has only served to make him feel even grouchier, and now Dean’s just about over it.
“I’m scared.” Dean practically flinches at the way his voice sounds, quiet and on the verge of cracking. “I know it’s stupid, right? I don’t even really know what I’m scared of. It’s just, every time I look at you, or Jack, or Sam I just think—
It’s been hours since they took Chuck’s legs out from under him, since they averted certain doom and to Dean, the shit that happened along the way has never felt more worth it.
, and he isn’t about to start now. “Today’s about Sam and Eileen, okay? Not about—just, drop it. Please.”
—I’m so used to things—people—being taken from us. We’re safe, we’re okay, but it’s like I’m just constantly waiting for the other shoe to drop.”
The sigh that emanates from Sam tells him that he’d heard Dean’s words the same way. He claps his hands to his knees and pushes himself up. Dean knows he’s being difficult, and that his brother thankfully knows him well enough to leave it alone.
He notices how Cas is blushing. Dean doesn’t know whether the flush is from exertion or the scrutiny of his stare, but he knows that he’ll be damned if he doesn’t get to feel the warmth of that burning skin under his hands and mouth because he’s intimidated by a creaking hinge.
Dean pushes the thoughts away and dares to look back up at Cas. His expression is pretty much unreadable—nothing groundbreaking there.
He wants to be assertive, yet he’s anything but. Dean’s hands tremble as he clasps one around Cas’ forearm, drops the other down to his waist and presses their foreheads together.
“Damn it, Cas,” Dean sags forward and whimpers in a way he’d never admit to. “We could’ve had it, you know? All this time I could never figure out if it was just me—if I was seeing shit that wasn’t there. And then you’re just standing there saying all these things and it’s a damn miracle because I actually kind of believe you and then you’re just gone. You’re gone.
“You know, he asked me if he’d done something to upset you. He thought you were mad at him.” Sam’s tone is wary as though he knows he’s stepping into eggshell territory. He’d mentioned this briefly after returning from visiting Cas, and Dean had felt just as gut-punched by it then as he does now.
They head right through Oklahoma and make it to Dallas by the first night. The streets are quieter than Dean expects, and they quickly find a motel with a greasy spoon attached and a dingy bar next door.
Dean finally let Cas lie down on the bed, while he got some food; Dean was afraid of leaving Cas alone, but Cas insisted he was feeling better. They had breakfast and Cas watched TV, while Dean went through Sam’s laptop. He’d been reading about Cameron and Jillian.
“I said something about you?” Castiel nods. “Something about… us?” Castiel nods again. “I’m guessing it was not something rather than things, right?” Castiel nods again and can’t meet Dean’s eyes.
He felt Cas swatting his hand away; Cas straightened up, and wrapped his fingers around Dean’s length. He replicated the movements he’d felt moments before, and squeezed, twisting his hand a bit to the sides; Dean groaned, his hands coming down on Cas’ shoulder for support.
“Everything else is in place, my lord” Metatron tries again. “All we need is her, and we’ll be able to open the portal without issue…”
” Riley hums as Jay starts massaging in circles over her shorts, he moves and angles himself to get as close to Riley as possible, and it’s almost like they melt and Riley starts feeling hot.
Cas turned his blue eyes on Dean “Being human is difficult, you have to deal with the loss of the people you love, how do you even do that?” he asked, upset.
Riley turns the knob to the motel room, regretting it instantly as she turns to Cas and wants to scream at him to get the hell out of dodge.
Dean raises his hands to cup Cas’ face. “I just don’t want to lose you. Your grace… that’s just a side of you, but you, Castiel I can’t lose. I can live without the angelic part of you, I know it won’t be easy for you, but I’ll be here to support you in any way I can. But you, this body, this mind, this soul, whatever this is, I can’t live without
Castiel, in turn, is just trying to keep it together, while glancing nervously between Sam and Dean. “Um, I guess, I can try to show you” he says finally to Jack.
Castiel nods and turns to Dean, he’s about to open his mouth to say something and then Riley speaks again.
Jay doesn’t waste a moment and goes to her nipples at once, hot mouth closing around them, she arches her back, Jay kisses her nipples while his right hand is ridding Riley from her shorts and hipster, she pushes her hips up and they’re gone, now she’s pulling his boxers down and Jay gasps as she makes contact with the skin and in one swift movement, she twists her hand and lightly touches the head, his hips bucking instantly.
Sam cuts him off before he can finish “Yes, yes, Dean, I drove; your Baby is fine. Relax, sit down and get some food, would you?”
“Yeah, but I can’t risk it, besides I know how cheery you are in the mornings” she says rolling her eyes.
Dean feels panic rising, he angles himself to cover the back door, as if he could protect the angel like this.
“I don’t” she lies, of course she wants to. Even though she can’t remember a lot, she feels like it would be wrong to talk to him, she feels ashamed, she doesn’t know why, but the feeling is there and she can’t let him see her.
Riley is still processing what Dean just said when she’s hit with a flood of memories, Riley in heaven, a powerful full voice naming His new creation, an angel, Castiel, while Riley smiles to the newest member of the family.
Dean looks at her, she looks like she’s hurt as well; he moves backwards, eyes never leaving her, and opens the door. The girl closes the distance in quick strides and kneels, both hands moving to cradle Cas’ face. She looks up at Dean then, a questioning look. “What happened?” she says, demanding.
“I’m still on it” Sam granted. “But I want to check the library, see if they got more information on both of them” he got up, taking his bag with him. He turned to the angel and his brother. “Cas, you should rest. And stay together. I’ll be back as soon as I can, if something comes up, I’ll call”
Yes, the whole thing was more than a little shady, but her, a danger? To the people or whatever who were trying to open the cage? What in the universe could she possibly know that would get them nervous?
Sam who is still sitting on his spot next to Jack freezes on the spot and his face turns red, Dean isn’t supposed to be saying this things or nonchalantly staring at Cas, not in front of Jack, especially not in front of his brother either, Sam just snorts and quips: “Jack you’ll have to forgive my brother, it seems he’s a little intoxicated”.
Riley sits on the edge of the bed, watching over Cas. Dean hands her a cup of coffee and sits at the little table across from Sam, both facing her.
“What are you talking about?” and the question is directed at Jack. “What do you mean I said… I mentioned… I talked about Cas’ wings?” he finishes, his tone full of surprise.
“It’s not the trip that worries me” she says calmly “I just don’t think it’s a good idea for you guys to go alone”
“More demons have been showing up lately, I didn't expect it to happen so quickly; it was never my intention for you to even acknowledge my presence. The night at the bar, I was sure I’d sent them looking for you the other way, when they showed up again, I couldn't leave you there unprotected”. Now she’s uneasy and anxious “It doesn't matter anymore, they caught up with me, they figured out what I was doing, that’s why they attacked me at the same time they came for you at the motel”.
Sam looks at Castiel and then at Riley who is sitting at the table. “Yeah guys, don’t worry, we got this”
She remembers the nightmare that had just woke her, and feels something twist inside her, she decides to turn around and walk back to the motel, but then Dean turns his head and murmurs “Hey”
Even with this, Riley can’t stop thinking about what the demon said: “They want her!” “They sent me looking for her; they wanted me to take her to them. They say she’s dangerous”
They found Cas holding a small knife between his fingers, arms covered in marks from his wrists and along his forearms.
“I still don’t trust her” Dean says, breaking the silence. “I think there’s something she’s not telling us”.
Cas and Sam know all this, and have an unspoken agreement on the matter; to let Dean do his thing, on his own terms on his own time. No rush, no pressure.
“Winchester” Lucifer spats, “where’s your little team? Or did you decide to come alone again? Trying to make a deal with the devil?” he smirks.
“What’s going on with the demons? Bunch of you sons of bitches have been showing up lately, trying to kill us, you know anything about that? And you better tell the truth or Sammy here is gonna start an exorcism, I bet you don’t want to go back there empty handed so c’mon”.
I do want to share with you that I already know how this is going to end and I'm working on the last few chapter.
“I know what happened to him. But… I mean, does someone know what he’s doing right now?” Riley demands.
“Dean, it’s okay…” hushes Cas. Jack turns to see Dean’s hands fisting Cas’ trench coat, like he’s clinging for dear life.
Riley is afraid too, but more than anything, she’s content with having found Cas and the boys and being helpful to them.
She veers to make her way out, when the bathroom door opens, and Sam walks out, turning his attention to her; he stops, regarding her with wary eyes, his hands going up a little as if not to scare her.
Already working in the next one and I'm excited cause I'll introduce one of my favs... clue: it's another angel :)
Riley just smiles innocently at him, and Jay smiles in disbelief, Riley knows exactly what’s going through his mind, because he’s told her many times before “how can you look so innocent right now?” his tone is always full of tenderness, awe and love.
Sam and Jack are finishing up on the last pancakes so they get them on a plate and Sam goes to sit at the table next to Dean.
Dean sighed, “I don’t know man, honestly. I … we’ve lost a lot of people, our family; you just have to find the strength to go through it and move on”
Riley always thinks back to that morning, this was a peak in her story with Jay, this was a peak in her life, she had never felt happier than in that morning. Amazing family, great school, perfect (for her) boyfriend, excellent job prospect. This was it; she could see her life unfolding in front of her, almost surreal but it was happening.
Riley is on her feet in a second and goes to stand next to Cas, brow furrowed with concern. “What is it?”
Riley opens her eyes, sitting up straight, she’s in a motel room, light spilled out from between old blinds, she squints a little, surveying the room; there’s someone on the bed next to hers. She rises from the bed, making the mattress squeak, she flinches; but there seems to be no movement from the other person, except for a steady breathing. Her hands are wrapped in bandages and her legs feel weak, healing Cas had taken its toll on her body. She peeks at the figure, Cas, lying on his back, features relaxed, he seems to be healing properly and resting peacefully.
Riley is now sitting at the table about to take her first bite of the breakfast she’s just cooked, and her mouth stays open while the bite never reaches her lips, she puts down the fork “What?”
It’s the bags under her eyes, and the slow movements, and the lost train of thought… The guys are worried but she doesn’t say a thing, because she can’t bring herself to say the words that describe the depths of her mind.
Riley falters, a few memories crossing her mind. “I don’t know, we have to hurry” she looks out of the barn, where the brothers are trying their best not to die.
“Yes” Dean laughed at Cas’ eagerness. “But we’ll take it slow, alright? Whenever you’re ready, angel”.
Dean looked up to him, wonder in his eyes. He saw Cas’ brow furrow while he searched for the right words, and Dean couldn’t stand it any longer.
Cas shakes his head. “I’m fine Dean, stop worrying about me” it comes out harsher than he intended and he sees Dean’s eyes change, from worried to hurt.
Cas and Riley reach the barn, a pentagram drawn on the dirt at the far end, an angel feather on four of the points, and an empty vial on the last point. A glowing scroll in the middle, Cas stares at it confused. “I have no idea what this is…”
“You heard them Cas, they’re big boys, they can take care of themselves. And if they run into trouble they’ll call” she finishes.
Castiel looking up at Riley, with a small smile that would melt anyone’s heart, but not Riley’s of course, Riley is an angel after all, and angels can't get attached to anyone or anything.
She tries sidestepping him but she can’t, they back her up against the wall, she should have stayed at Jay’s, she won’t see him again, or her parents or her friends; then she stops, she can’t think like this, the guys are hovering over her now, only shadows and noise, one of them grabs her by her arm. She wants to scream but nothing comes out, and then, there’s a light, and heat radiating from somewhere, she can’t think about it, she just wants to get out of there. The light is blinding, the guys are freaking out now, they don’t know what’s going on either. Riley feels warm inside, she can’t stand the light it’s too bright, she takes a breath and then nothing.
A thunderstorm roars above her head, feet glued to the ground, water droplets landing and running down her face, it’s a dark and cold night. Riley’s face scrunches as she tries to locate the boys, she can barely see a couple of feet in front of her; but her grace lets her feel even the tiniest change in her surroundings. A lightning strike lands a few inches from where she’s standing, illuminating the field where they’re all at. She feels so tired, like she can’t go any further.
Dean spits some of the coffee he was trying to swallow, Sam looks up from his plate, and Castiel just looks at Jack blankly.
They were on a job, in Portland; Cas had just become human, after that dickhead Metatron took his grace and used it for the spell to cast out every angel from heaven. Cas was struggling with the physical demands of his body, emotions and feelings; but he wanted to help the brothers.
“There is… I…” Riley frowns “I don’t know how I know this, no one should know about that spell, except me… and God.”
“So what?” says Dean without missing a beat. “Don’t need to be forgiven for saying that the angel is beautiful, do I? I mean, he is truly gorgeous, isn’t he, Jack?”
“It’s nothing” Sam intercedes, “just some comments you made last night…” but he doesn’t finish because Dean is now furiously blushing from his neck to the tip of his ears, he can’t stop himself; and Sam knows the cat’s out of the bag now.
“I felt like I lost you tonight, over and over…” he continued, rushing now “Cas I can’t…” he looked up at him “I love you” he said simply, heart pounding.
The screeching stops at once, they turn to look at Cas, his eyes wide, staring horrifyingly at Riley.
Sam enters the store while Dean fuels Baby, his mind drifting to the moment he and Cas became, well,
Riley has slept a lot these days, which is good, she feels better now, stronger, she’s wondering about her condition, if this is just and adjustment period to become full angel or if it’s going to be like this all the time. She hopes it’s the former, because how things look right now, they’re in the middle of a war, and she’s gonna need all her strength if she wants to end this on the winning side.
“Cas is screaming, I feel his pain as if it were my own, and I go through this each night and it terrifies me.” She can’t say those words, not to the boys, not to Cas. So she keeps the dreams to herself and grits her teeth each time a fleeting memory of the dream passes through her mind. It’s not real, she forces herself to think, nothing will happen to him, I’m here to protect him, he’ll be fine, we’ll be fine.
To think only minutes ago she was feeling lovey dovey and now, well, let’s just say she won’t be a good girl… this, Riley loved about their relationship, anywhere, anytime, if the occasion took a turn for the nasty, rest assured they both were going for it.
After stopping the bleeding, Dean had carried Cas to the bed, Dean was almost sitting, his back against the headboard, supporting Cas’ weight, Cas’ back pressed to Dean’s chest, his head against Dean’s left shoulder, his hands around the angel’s wrists. Dean wanted to take Cas to the hospital, but Sam advised against it. The bleeding had stopped; the cuts were shallow, so Cas hadn’t lost a lot of blood. Sam knew if they went to the ER, people will start asking questions and they would have to check in Cas for a few days, for treatment and diagnosis. He assured Dean that Cas just needed to rest and it was okay to let him lie down on the bed, but Dean insisted on staying with him. Sam then proceeded to bandage the angel, he was sitting on the edge of the bed, facing Dean; he looked up at his brother while he worked. Dean had his head down, staring at the hot pink lines on Cas’ forearms, his eyes were full of tears, his freckled face red, he was trying to stop himself from showing how much this was affecting him; but of course, Sam knew how much Cas meant to him. Sam finished with the bandages, took out his laptop and started working; glancing towards his brother every now and then, just to make sure he was okay.
“I know, but knowing Metatron, he might have said that only to trick us. And even if I can’t be killed, I don’t have my powers anymore…”
She looks back at Jay and he’s giving her the puppy eyes, damn guys and their puppy eyes, although she’s a sucker for Jay’s.
Was the demon referring to Riley? Who else could it be? She was there, they had sent him there, and she was his mission. But who was looking for her? Who could believe she was dangerous? She was an angel just like so many others living on Earth right now. But dangerous? She though that was crazy talk. Afraid of the only angel who couldn’t remember their own name…
“They know we’re onto them, they are been extra careful, they can’t have us storming in before they open the gates” Riley whispers.
“I’m sorry, I just… I knew I could do this; we need all the info we can get. He attacked us, Cas could have been killed!” she defends herself. “I can access anyone’s mind, with no repercussions whatsoever, but we need answers right now”
“I don’t owe you anything” she counters, exasperated, turning around and reaching for the door. But she’s too late, the door swings open, revealing Dean in the doorway, a look of surprise crosses Dean’s face, his eyes focusing on the girl.
“Darkness is in all of us, some act on it, others act against it, but whatever the reason we take control of it. What we do, those are our decisions, decisions that build our characters, that shape our lives, that give us purpose and a path to follow. It may not be easy, but you know in your hearts that it’s right. You may think that you’re a necessary evil, but when I see you, all I see is light, and a drive to change things, to make a difference.” Riley states. “Maybe God thinks that you can change things, that you can learn to be better. Maybe this was His plan for you all along. Maybe He thinks that for now, you are enough”.
“Don’t worry about it, give it time, like you said, you probably have a millennia to remember, so it won’t come easy”
