his brain supplied the name; Maribelle. One of the people responsible for the enslavement of an entire city, he reminded himself.
For as long as Tony was saying he was fine with it, Steve could only guess how he really felt. Whether he’d fucked this up by embarrassing Tony or scaring Tony or angering Tony – if Tony was annoyed over his unprofessional behaviour or unnerved to think of how Steve might think of him… At least if Tony yelled at him, Steve would have a start. There’d be less chance of him spectacularly missing the point, if Tony yelled the point at him first.
that we fixed it all last time. If that’s the case, then… I guess you should probably schedule a check up or something, in like a month, just to be sure…” he seemed to trail off into his head for a few seconds, and then he snapped himself out of it. “Right, shall we get you stabbed with some needles then?”
And then Tony glanced away, the smile melting into something more like bashful, that look on his face like he should be blushing.
“Power” Tony shrugged “That’s all it ever comes down to, in the end. Having more stuff than the next guy, more land, more influence, whatever – there are probably a handful of people on any planet, prepared to go too far, for that…”
All three of them froze in unison. Squinting against the sunlight, Tony did his best to survey the scene, from what was still quite a distance.
And Steve opened his mouth, and took a choked gulp of air, tears sliding from the corners of his eyes.
Honestly, it was just that Steve really wanted to know. Eventually, his temptation outweighed his fear of saying the wrong thing, and it just fell out of his mouth,
It was a question of whether he could promise Steve that he wanted to be with him forever, throughout
, Steve had already warned himself not to be led by his emotions, this time around. He’d promised himself that he would think before he spoke, that he would listen to what Tony was telling him - that he would remember that this part of things wasn’t about him.
obsession - begrudgingly, and only when the topic actually came up… And Steve had just accepted that was what it was. He hadn’t even ‘decided’ that. It had simply been the interpretation he accepted, the story as everyone told it, the general
Which was ridiculous, for so many reasons - not least of which, the fact that Steve probably never gave Tony a second thought, and no doubt would’ve recoiled at the idea that Tony was laying down any sort of foundation for him…
“So, you think they’re not hiding something this time?” Tony raised his head, so that Steve could see the mocking expression.
answer to that question?” Tony frowned… But even as he was saying it, he recognised that Bucky’s new outfit was better suited to the plan than his sequinned ensemble…
He could hear Tony whispering to him, reassurances and endearments and praise that echoed in and out of reality
one that anyone but him had ever known… Steve had simply assumed that it would be ‘Nat’. He’d been vaguely picturing those interactions, piecing together his vision of the future, with ‘Nat’ in it…
He felt Tony move against him, a little whimper falling over his lips as he clenched around Steve’s cock. A fresh shiver ran through Steve’s muscles, every nerve in his body lighting up-
say about The Accords, I meant – because those were the parts I was sure of. I can always say those parts, whatever the consequences. And the parts I
But that was back when he’d been sensibly thinking about this as closure. That was when he’d been thinking this thing had some sort of forward function, that it was supposed to serve as a clean break… Back when it was meant to be a statement of some kind.
“I love you too,” he smiled. He saw Steve go to say something, clearly struggling for words and still struggling for breath.
That he didn’t even know if he’d just done something insensitive or damaging, at the worst possible time-
From Steve’s perspective it had only been ten years since the war, and five whole years since the first snap. Steve’s body was a hundred years old, and it was forty years old. Steve’s mind felt ancient and weary, and it felt vulnerable and clueless and new, all at once.
“Don’t worry, you’ll have a great time” She spoke directly to Steve, her voice soft. And Steve didn’t answer her.
Steve snapped to attention again as one of Rousseau’s finished talking. Kicking himself, he turned back to Tony - who was now frowning, thoughtfully.
And then a memory flickered at the corners of Tony’s lips, an almost smile. And, in a wiser, more distanced tone, he added.
what any of them thought of him. He’d never imagined the great Tony Stark giving a moment’s thought to Steve… not like… that…
But the trouble was, even though he knew this approach couldn’t possibly achieve anything, it was still the only option he could bring himself to take right now.
He was vaguely aware of a constant background noise, which he didn’t even recognise as Pepper talking to him while she made the tea. It was like the world was closing in on him with every passing second, his ribs tightening around his lungs, his vision clouding at the edges, his muscles tensing inward in a desperate urge to-
And, okay, that threw Steve a bit – but he was on a mission now, and determined to do his very best to meet every individual challenge.
“But, also… I’ve just realised that, just because something worked out badly, doesn’t mean it was that bad a call. Well, no, it’s worse than that really, because it’s not like I didn’t know that. I just… didn’t think about that, when I was mad at you. And I didn’t stop to think that… you probably made the same choices I would’ve, in a lot of those places, if I had the information you did… And then shit just happened, like it does. And. Anyway. I just wanted to say I’m sorry that I blamed you for a lot of that, and I’m sorry I turned some of those choices into a lot more than they were, is all…” Tony trailed off, blushing again.
Pepper blinked at him, very briefly taken aback. Tony knew that it was in her nature to push that question, to demand an answer before she carried on… But apparently something in Tony’s voice had given her pause. Warned her not to fight him.
“Something else did what?” Tony asked, as he walked around the examination table to face him, “What happened? Are you-”
“Well, I’ve never heard of it,” Bucky commented, to no one in particular. Again, Tony found himself swallowing down an inappropriate urge to laugh.
“Huh, that’s interesting,” Tony muttered under his breath, squinting at the joint at the top of Bucky’s shoulder. “Dr…Stape, was it? The ‘leading neurologist’? Did he install any actual hardware when he worked on your arm?”
Once again, uploaded later in the day than I was intending - but I might just have to make my peace with updating after work (curse you internet!!)
“It’s called the Tesseract,” Fury confirmed, before putting the phone back into his pocket. “Your father fished it out of the ocean while he was searching for Steve Rogers.
“Maybe she doesn’t know it’s really her own people behind it?” Steve suggested, unenthusiastically. “Or… It’s actually a plan to take
bite me Tony,” Steve begged, a physical relief flooding through him as dropped the burden of silence. “Drink, please, I
that… yeah, I did know that. That I’d been lying to myself this whole time, that I had thought it so many times… and then I really couldn’t remember if it ever hadn’t been obvious – so, I couldn’t say to you I didn’t know… And I couldn’t say I
Steve would’ve liked to have been in that moment with him. After all those years of torture and pain, all those months of anxiety and uncertainty, it seemed like they’d finally achieved what they’d set out to do… But Steve was just too consumed by the next crisis to celebrate the end of the last one. He
? “Well, it’s one thing, being a decisive leader and all that. But we’re talking about using an experimental drug on an unknown species on an unfamiliar planet – while we don’t even know who the bad guys are. If you were immediately completely sure in
Or the records kept by a society of vampires in the Highlands of Scotland – who had a specific word for people like Obie.
Steve was rougher in pushing Tony’s jacket back over his shoulders, his hand going to the knot of Tony’s tie without breaking the kiss. He pulled Tony’s bottom lip between his teeth as he slid his tie free of his collar, earning him a pleading little moan that he could feel deep in his groin. He carried on kissing Tony as he unbuttoned his shirt, Tony writhing against him the whole time-
And, okay, he knew that wasn’t a great response. But, honestly, Steve didn’t really know how he felt about that apology…
. Tony had no idea what psychological or physical changes Steve could go through if they kept doing this – for all Tony knew, Steve was liable to grow gills. Even if Steve
Steve felt a deep ache all the way through his pelvis – a need his body wasn’t quite ready to feel yet-
And, at last he recognised what that resistance was. He remembered the words for this frustration, he
Calmly, Tony noted the time, and worked out that their... unscheduled break, had lasted less than an hour. He glanced up at the door and visualised the living room on the other side of it; the papers that were spread out on the floor, the writing that almost covered one of the walls… He remembered where they were up to, what he needed to do next-
“Did Nat ever tell you why she was so interested in it?” Tony frowned, finally taking a sip of his coffee.
Which meant that the biggest dangers they were actually faced with were, firstly, the people who might slip through the net, and go on the run. The people who might steal physical files or equipment on the way out the door. The people who might have some cell phone numbers memorised, or know which directors to run to, and might therefore be able to start their own tiny splinter cells at some point in the future.
“Oh God, I want you,” Steve breathed, tracing his fingers over the length of him, his own cock pulsing painfully when Tony moaned. Steve pressed a long, slow kiss against Tony’s throat, as he tugged the zipper at Tony’s fly, and slipped his hand into his pants to stroke him through his underwear-
Steve barely heard him over the beating in his ears - which only grew louder and faster as Steve scrambled for words-
“What?” He demanded at last, a new laugh building in his chest as he realised how fucking stupid that was.
It was so strange a feeling that, for a moment, he panicked that he was having a stroke. His head felt clearer, his body felt lighter… everything looked a little brighter, and crisper, but for once it didn’t hurt his eyes to focus. When he realised these were actually just the effects of a good night’s sleep, it was almost more unnerving.
Steve smiled at the observation, his brain sluggishly waking up enough to recognise the harmless silliness of it. He gave his leg a shake, letting his clothes fall over the edge of the bed with a soft
Rhodey grinned at that, as someone who recognised the specific high that came with drinking the water on Bulsara - and was probably still under the influence of it, amongst other things.
The guy actually went limp with fear, the colour visibly running from his skin. Tony could hear his heart beating.
It took him by surprise. One slow, heavy tear that seemed to come from nowhere, that gave way to two, and then three, as Tony thought about every story that Steve had told him about Bucky, all the little habits and turns of phrase that Steve had picked up from him - the hope and hurt that flashed in his eyes whenever he talked about him… Tony hadn’t realised just how desperate he was to bring Steve’s friend home for him, until right now.
Steve managed to ignore that thought, for as long as it took Bucky to fall under. Pointedly concentrating on his anxiety for Bucky – he felt better about feeling bad about that.
, how else he might explain it so that Tony forgave him… And that all seemed very manipulative and underhanded to him, somehow.
know everything…. But, on the other hand, it sounds sort of ridiculous, Captain America shrugging and saying,
He held his breath, and side-stepped his way between the two bins, the heat radiating off of the metal on either side of him. He paused, straining to listen for any sign that there were guards nearby, but all he could hear were the sounds of Sam and Bucky’s laboured breathing. And then he steadied himself, and took the very briefest glimpse around the side of the dumpster, first looking to his left, in the direction of the front entrance. He just about caught sight of the corner of the building, but no guards… Which wasn’t much comfort, seeing as he
“You know… there’s an awful lot of… Hip action, for folk dancing,” Rhodey observed, as he frowned thoughtfully at the spectacle occurring on stage.
“Come sit with me,” Steve suggested softly, caressing more firmly over the curve of Tony’s waist. He felt Tony’s breath catch. And then Tony leant away from Steve just enough to secure his footing, and caught the eye of one of the diplomats he’d been talking to,
“Well, Nat spied on him for weeks, and called him a self-destructive textbook narcissist that wasn’t allowed on the team - and the next time he sees her it’s ‘
Tony let his head rest on Steve’s shoulder for a moment, his thumb caressing over the back of Steve’s hand. Breathing in that familiar scent. Remembering that he was strong, and he was supposed to be here, and he was loved.
“Oh my God, you guys!” Natasha exclaimed, from right behind them. Tony and Rhodey looked in unison, to see her and Pepper struggling their way out of the crowd. “Oh my God, did you
And Steve felt that strange, bittersweet feeling curl in his gut again. That happy-sadness, like when you think of a treasured memory at a funeral.
nothing beyond being good for Tony. Right now, that was all Steve wanted, all he was meant for, the only purpose that existed…
am… and all just so smoothly. Like that’s what we were talking about anyway…” And he gave his head a little shake – somewhere in all this, there was a genuine admiration for the skill it took Tony to do all this. “You know – and I know this sounds… But I even love you
given the whole thing considerable thought… If not necessarily rational thought… But he had none the less come to the objective conclusion that it was better to just… Go with it.
He let his jacket slide over his shoulders and into a puddle on the bedroom floor. And then he sat on the edge of the bed, and kicked his shoes off… and absentmindedly ran his palms over the sheets…
with Obie, and pain, and fear… and shame. To hear them again now, even in his head, was an immediate trigger of alarm and distress – before he could think what any one of them meant.
prewritten, and everything I’m putting so much hope into is just doomed to fail… Or if I’m scared that the whole of the universe was in some sort of balance, and that I’m the one who’s going to fuck it all up, just by being here… Or if this is just something
that it’s still ridiculous to live like this. Even if all of that is true. Maybe my life is just complicated, but that doesn’t mean I can run from it. I have to work it out. And I
Steve paused, the amused smile still tugging at his lips as he tried to work out whether there was some deep, spiritual meaning in that…
no one else to take into consideration. He wasn’t responsible for anyone here, no one expected anything of him - he didn’t even exist.
part of Steve trying to translate what was happening, no little voice second guessing whether he’d understood the situation, not even the slightest shred of worry about what would happen next-
And then there was a deafening bang, and the ceiling just ahead of them exploded into a cloud of dust.
to try and intimidate Tony, Steve realised, with the taste of blood. Deliberately towering over Tony, getting too close,
to say something to Tony,” Bucky informed him, seriously. Steve pulled himself upright, reacting to a physical instinct - an immediate response to this topic of conversation… It felt as though it had sobered him up a little, although it probably hadn’t. It was really more of a shift in his mood than his level of capacity; a drunken panic in place of an artificial calm.
And apparently Steve’s arms heard that before he did – because suddenly, his hands were just all over Tony.
was the lofty adult, telling himself that he wasn’t in his right mind and that these feelings would pass… He wanted to yell back at himself,
Whether he knew it or not, Steve had already been fundamentally changed by this mission. This had been Steve’s first opportunity to really think about things since he was dragged from a living-death and into an alien world - the first time he could really look at his surreal existence without being neck deep in it. For these past few days Steve had been himself and only himself, without the confines of expectation or responsibility, with no one there to expect him to know what normal meant…
There was no way anyone had managed this without careful planning, full access to the building they were in, prior knowledge they’d be there… Talleroy Communications was a front. Their ‘Newark office’ had been set up for this purpose, he and Bucky had been lured there-
…The fact that, now that he thought about it, Tony might actually do that whole ‘pretending to be sure’ thing sometimes, too – at least around Steve.
It was just as big a fear that gripped Tony now – and it was going to be the same answer. The same little voice that whispered,
“JARVIS, I need to find a copy of that diary,” he announced, decisively. “At any cost, from any source, as a matter of urgency - that’s the priority right now. Find me a seller, a collector, a museum I can burgle… whatever it takes…”
Any fears he’d had about a lingering resentment, any connection he’d made between Bucky and his parents death, had been quickly smothered by Tony’s affection for Steve. In no time at all, Tony’s focus had shifted to the task of bringing Bucky home
overwhelmed Tony first, washing over him like bathwater as Steve wrapped his arms across his back, and buried his head in Tony’s hair, and breathed him in.
That was a side effect of a drug he hadn’t chosen to take, unrelated to his actual desires and beyond his control.
Okay. Okay. So. Tony was slightly tipsy, and had inadvertently gotten Steve very drunk, while on an undercover mission on an alien sex planet… the original point of which temporarily escaped him.
And then, when he’d opened it, Steve just casually took it from him. Tony saw Steve set his jaw, before he pulled out a single sheet of paper. Bracing the same way Tony had.
For now, Tony just reassured Rhodey that they were on their way, and cast one final glance over the room they’d stayed in, that week that changed his life… and closed the door behind them. And then they headed back towards the main entrance, where Rhodey had said to meet them.
, until it was like Tony’s whole body was alight with a constant current of sensation… that ache growing sharper and more urgent with every push and twist of Steve’s fingers. He felt Steve push a third finger into him, that little edge of extra stretch and burn crawling up inside him, oh, so good, but still not enough,
So, he ignored the way Steve’s eyes seemed to settle in the middle distance. He bit it back, every time
“I’m flattered,” Tony shot back - and might’ve added a few more retorts for good measure, if Pepper hadn’t intervened.
For now, he wiped the tears from his face and let his expression settle into that dazed smile again, before he glanced back at Bucky’s chamber.
Bucky swore that he hadn’t gone there to talk about Steve. That he ‘hadn’t even mentioned Steve’s name’. But Steve knew, immediately, that was total bullshit – Bucky just looked too damn sheepish about it. And the very fact that he was pretending it wasn’t about Steve made it infuriatingly difficult to figure out exactly what Bucky
And then Steve caught his eye, and blushed… And Tony just knew that Steve was thinking about it too.
That submissive impulse, whatever it was, definitely seemed like more of a night before thing than a morning after thing - well, at least on his insufficient sample of two occasions, so far.
In an instant, Steve could see back over months and months with Tony, suddenly recognising that slow process of committing to him. That this devotion wasn’t something Steve had pledged on sight, or been saving for a specific moment… That this feeling had grown slowly, as Steve saw more of the Tony, as they shared more with each other. That Steve had been giving himself to Tony, piece by piece, for weeks now…
Tony realised that their parents had given he and Steve this token of their appreciation… by way of their children, who were about to know freedom for the first time…
The things that had undeniably happened didn’t fit with the world as Tony had always known it to be. The disgust he’d always felt didn’t work alongside this happy enlightenment he really
Steve knew that Bucky hated the idea of going under a general anaesthetic. Even though he never felt like he could complain about it, because it had always been his treatment of choice. Steve could see it, in that resigned little shrug Bucky gave –
The Operation Rebirth folder was closed by then, glaring up at him like a spiteful reminder of what was coming - somehow gloating and indifferent, all at once. Like a prison guard, waiting to lead him to the gallows.
Tony’s other hand sliding up to the back of Steve’s head, grabbing a fistful of Steve’s hair in a searing grip,
“Oh, sorry, I should’ve warned you about that,” Steve told him calmly, whilst Nick was still groaning in shock. “It’s an involuntary reflex of mine. I just can’t help it. Any time someone bad mouths Tony Stark in front of me and it just happens-”
For a few moments, Steve could only sit there and sob, and try to breathe, and let all these horrible thoughts wash through him…
I’d thought that whole thing about Scott running around in my suit, before then. And, okay, mostly on nights when I was drunk and ranting in my head and not trying to be fair either, but still… I know, I
“...The bar?” He asked. Pepper nodded, and pointed over to the left of the field. Tony stood himself on his tiptoes, craning his head to see over the mass of people - but eventually he caught sight of a thatched canopy, covering a temporary looking structure in the middle of the crowd.
you, with what I was doing. And I was so mad at you for yelling at me over ULTRON, once I found out you’d done the same thing. I never thought that maybe you had a right to be mad, that I’d still fucked up, even though it turned out you weren’t perfect – and, I mean, it’s more than that. I mean – I was so, furious, that you were mad about ULTRON, when you’d kept the secret over Bucky... And I never thought, maybe I couldn’t be mad about Bucky, because I’d kept the secret over ULTRON. It didn’t occur to me that it would work the other way around, that I should be more understanding, seeing as I had done
. With you not answering any of it at all. Never mentioning the things you did wrong. Walking away whenever
To begin with, it was just a flood of mental images that Tony couldn’t fight anymore. Flashes from that first awkward meeting. Visions of the next one going just as badly. The memory of those
than anywhere else Tony bit him. There was the tiniest little give in the tension, like his lungs had loosened half an inch, the vindication of finally
“…So why are you here?” Tony wished that hadn’t sounded quite so defensive… But Bucky didn’t seem to take it that way. He just smiled again.
So, as smoothly as he could, Steve rolled out of the bed and snatched his clothes up from the floor. He crept into the living room before he got dressed; doing everything to avoid waking Tony just yet. He just wanted a minute alone to think first…
If you would like more details, please get in touch via the methods listed above. If you are uncomfortable with these themes and would still like to continue with the story, I'd be happy to provide a summary without the details - these issues are not discussed again in anywhere near this much depth again.
For one whole minute, the world was silent. Every thought in Steve’s head fell into an overwhelmed lull, all awareness of the rest of the world faded out of focus - even the incessant beating in his ears had disappeared, as though his heart had fallen into that same awestruck stillness.
, tensing Steve’s muscles past their own limit, scorching all other thoughts out of his head, purifying every other sensation into this bright, blinding anger-
“So, the easy stuff first, I guess,” Tony laughed. “I love you. And I fell in love with you just the same as I would’ve when I was human, and for all the same reasons. Because you are sweet, and brave, and thoughtful, and… so many things. I
It took a few seconds for Steve to blink himself awake. He could hear the soft rhythm of footsteps, as whoever had turned the radio on walked out of the room. Steve kept himself perfectly still until he heard the door close behind them – just allowing a few more seconds to himself, really.
“Fuck me,” Tony pleaded, simply speaking those instincts out loud, now. “Take me, use me, I want you to, I want to feel you, please.”
Steve had managed to bring Tony to the one place in the universe that could possibly have made everything more awkward.
That snide little whisper that Obie had planted in his head… or, who knew, maybe it was there even before that. Cultivated and nurtured by so many betrayals, and so many years of shame and isolation…
exclusive event - a tasting menu, created by the greatest chefs ever to have lived, using the most rare and exquisite ingredients…”
There was a sharp stab of conflict in Tony then. The fear of an impossible choice, even before he’d worked out what it was. A hot confusion as he tried to reconcile these two priorities-
And then, his arms still locked around Steve’s waist, Tony pulled back abruptly - just enough to look Steve in the eye when he asked again,
“I… Can’t,” Steve surrendered. “I mean, I just, I can’t take you to that bunker. I know we talked about this, and I know I said... but, I just… This is different. I can try to explain it, I can try to talk about it, but… This one I have to do on my own…”
Tony threw his arm out, his face creased in pain and anger, his other hand gripping the edge of the workbench hard enough to dent it.
He watched the way Tony’s eyes widened at that, the innocent, open hope, and wonder, and love that washed over that
“No, but really,” Steve insisted - because, for some reason, he suddenly felt very invested in this point… “I mean, you have a Masters in Aerospace Engineering from MIT - and you’re a
“Well, you are,” he explains. “Your name is James Buchanan Barnes, but everyone calls you Bucky. Do you remember?”
With that, Steve’s thoughts drifted to a different picture - to the life he now shared with Tony, and everything that meant…
Steve froze in the middle of the corridor, suddenly oblivious to the people still filing past him, and the details of their surroundings, and the context he’d so carefully tried to gather. He no longer knew where he was, or where they were going... only that Tony was talking to him in
And Tony knew, even then. There was a wry blooming of inspiration, like you feel when you first realise what the twist in the movie is going to be. Like he should’ve seen this punchline coming,
He could’ve told Nick exactly how wrong he was about so many things, proven his arrogance and shortsightedness to him - he could have detailed exactly what would happen to him, if he
In all those years - throughout all those ‘friendly memories’ - Nat had never once thought to mention that…
He’d thought about that initial meeting lots of times. He’d watched every second of it over in his head, deconstructed every argument, come up with a thousand different things he wished he’d said instead… He’d asked himself if he was in the right about any of those points, and if he’d been wrong about Tony, and how much of it was just him being an ass…
“The Avengers - the team you and I could build,” Steve raced ahead, forced to look away now that they’re reached the really scary bit. “I want
for days, purely for the sake of something to do with himself. That he’d barely paid attention to any of it – hence all the burns. All the moments he’d looked down on some completed task only to realise that he had no recollection of actually doing it…
the one’s you rant at, sometimes. They’re the people who get to hear you say ‘I hate everyone’ or ‘no one listens to me’ or ‘that’s the last time I bother’. Because
In fact, belatedly, he recognised exactly what he was doing – and how childish, and unhelpful, it was. He couldn’t commit to being angry with Steve enough to argue with him, and he couldn’t commit to liking Steve enough to just go with the moment… so he’d gone for the middle ground, and jabbed at him. And it was completely unnecessary, especially as Steve was drunk, and that wasn’t even his fault.
“...Not hugely thrilled about the flesh-to-spandex ratio on Bulsara,” Tony commented, when he was quite sure the guy had moved out of ear-shot.
And, even when it did occur to him, it didn’t scare him. Steve knew this was something he didn’t normally talk about – he knew he shouldn’t want to talk about this with
The petulant little spikes of need every time Tony pulled away, growing louder and more demanding with every passing second.
“Oh, Jesus, Steve, stop, stop I can’t, I’ll- I,” Tony babbled, an edge of genuine panic on his voice, his hands scrambling to find Steve’s arms. Steve paused instantly, relaxing his grip and leaning back - but, before he could give Tony any real distance, or worry about what had happened, Tony carried on, “I will actually come if you carry on like that, I- really, I can’t…”
“I don’t know anything about the local workforce – I was just hired as a pharmacist, for a human company, based on earth.”
He imagined Bucky being killed trying to stop it, yelling at Steve for his selfishness and stupidity as he died-
This was the first time in years he’d thought of Nat, back in the Tower. Those years they spent throwing friendly barbs at one another and silently checking the other was okay… the years he’d spent thinking of her almost as a sister. As an
This was before he got to that part. This was the first step on his way to that bit – the previously unthinkable step of
“They do everything from here – the Adams all live on the top floor, unless they’re going back to Earth for something.” Zan explained “This is their stronghold in the city.” Tony looked over at Steve again,
Steve could hear the particular smile when Bucky said it. Knowing, and teasing – and genuinely happy for him.
it. Being able to give her an honest compliment like that, without there being any question of what it might mean. Being able to talk about his life, or choose not to, without the inherent moral burden of having already agreed to share it with her. Being able to spend the evening not doing much of anything-
Tony’s smile darkened, as his pressed his fingertips more firmly to the soft flesh of Steve’s throat. Steve’s blood ran hot, his balls tightening sharply, his breath stalling in his chest-
And Steve didn’t know whether to be thrilled that Tony was willing to talk to him again, or terrified of what Tony might be here to say, or anxious about fucking it up…
But Tony just kept to that same measured pace. He caressed his hands over Steve’s shoulders, digging his fingertips into the store of tension under his muscles. Steve yelped, and bucked against him, gritting his teeth against the frustration of not
part of this whole thing with Steve. Something that’s just… different, and I don’t really know how that works yet… And I know I could make that sound really dramatic and… fairy-tale…ish,” he frowned, trying to find the right words for it.
Tony laughed, letting his head rest against Steve’s shoulder, his eyes falling out over the sea. The first signs of dawn were beginning to bleed up through the clouds on the horizon. In an hour, the sky would be candy pink and the beach would be swarming with joggers and dog walkers, but for now, it was only the two of them.
“This is not the first time you’ve made me laugh” Steve corrected him, like that was the silliest thing he’d ever heard.
in their place always made me a little… I mean, if you hadn’t told me about a world where it happened, I’d have been quicker to say it just couldn’t work.”
“Tony, I’m so sorry,” Steve said again, taking another step towards him. “I didn’t know - you didn’t say-”
“And you really want to do that, do you? Try to fight your way out of here? Take on an unknown number of highly skilled agents - to go where?” Nick demanded - sounding just a little bit nervous now, Steve was delighted to note.
That ‘I love you’ was different to all the other endearments he’d spent a month indulging in, because ‘I love you’ meant a promise for the future.
And then of course there was the risk of panic - chaos in the international system, power grabs between different agencies, the chance that legitimate SHIELD departments and projects would be lost in the fallout…
“Oh! Shit! Yes,” Tony remembered, fishing his phone out of his pocket. “I said I’d call as soon as I was with you…”
Steve’s lips parted in a silent gasp, his eyes lighting up with open, vulnerable joy as he wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist.
And it unnerved him a little, to think that he hadn’t already gone through all this… Normally, he’d have tied himself in knots at every stage of…something like last night, he’d have brought Captain America’s character spec to mind without meaning to – he’d have talked himself out of it, most likely.
Rightly or wrongly, he’d felt so helpless in this thing, for so long… waiting for Steve to set the tone before he could decide what he wanted, thinking he couldn’t act until Steve did, that he couldn’t speak because Steve hadn’t… And, okay, that all sounded so silly now… But still, the idea of just being able to run with this feeling was intoxicating.
“I don’t remember” Steve answered automatically – getting vaguely distracted by his slowly developing enlightenment… “I don’t know if I even looked at his, actually.”
list, Tony realised – he’d basically meant the emotional apology that he’d just broken down into, too.
spent following orders, they don’t count now, do they? Not now that I am ‘the person who hates all law’. Tony isn’t, just cos he literally told the senate to fuck themselves that one time. Nat isn’t, just because she literally told congress to fuck themselves, that one time. Rhodey isn’t, even though
“Because I wanted to touch base with you, really,” Peirce replied, breezily. “I feel as your overall director I should personally make sure that the reports are correct, and that you’re acclimating well. And, I won’t lie, as a fan of yours, I wanted to meet you.”
was always the one pointing out that you weren’t perfect… I knew you weren’t, and I loved you anyway, and I
“...Honestly, I don’t really know,” Steve admitted, wincing as he said it. “But, in real terms - mostly it’s just the stuff you already know about me. Vampires were stronger and faster and they healed more quickly. All that stuff you already know about the serum… it’s just… that’s why. And, you know, I’m more sensitive to sunlight - although that obviously got exaggerated in all the fairy tales. It’s not like I
“You really think that one day you’ll ‘attain an innate understanding of who is ready to die’, or experience a ‘moment of physical joy’ when you kill someone?” Rhodey pressed on, gently. And Tony felt his teeth clench, just at the rhythm of the words… It had been so long since he thought about the specific phrases Obie had used.
you to trust me, when Vienna happened, even though I’d lied to you once. I was hurt that you didn’t. And I never thought it was the same thing, with you. That maybe you could still be hurt that I didn’t trust you, even after that mistake…” Tony carried on, his voice reduced to a whisper by the sheer emotion in it “And I am
impossible for Tony to get close to someone. Dismissing certain interpretations of this, because obviously he ‘couldn’t get close to people’. Carrying that assumption even as he was dressing for a date, or while Steve was cooking him dinner, or when he was telling Steve that he could have a photograph… After all this time assuming that he
His painstaking consideration of all the risk factors suggested that, actually, there wasn’t much that Steve could do to shatter the fabric of reality… But disrupting the actions of any Avengers on a time heist
He glanced around the deserted lobby, energy collecting in his muscles as he thought about all the things he
world was trying to fuck you, and taken that on too. You took on the whole of Hydra, and won, and then you took on the political elite, and won, and in all that time your whole focus has been building this team and keeping the world safe – and me.”
Tony heard him stutter just slightly, a different sort of tension pinching his shoulders straight. Steve’s gaze ran over Tony’s body so quickly, like he still wasn’t convinced he was allowed to look, his breath gathering in his chest as he met Tony’s eye again-
Which set off yet another raft of observations, like an avalanche, gathering pace and power as one idea tumbled into another…
That familiar human pleasure crawled up his spine, a hot compulsive friction that quickly burned itself out and left an aching need for more-
Walking alongside Rhodey at the therapy centre, feeling the grip on his wrist suddenly tighten as Rhodey stumbled. Dev, standing behind them in a white coat, explaining –
But then there was Steve. Soft and strong and safe, and right there, where Tony could so easily have reached out to him…
. Unthinkingly, Tony pushed against it, rocking into the spark he felt when Steve put a firm hand to the back of his neck-
Would he feel comfortable, applying his own personal standards to anyone else? Would he feel justified demanding this much of someone else, or judging others for these very human reactions? If he were to watch two strangers arguing the way he now argued with himself, would he think one party weak for making excuses - or would he think the other party cold, and cruel, and unrealistic? Would he demand more empathy from himself, if it was someone
And then a whole different sort of excitement swamped him, as he stroked his hands over the curve of Steve’s ass, caressing into his skin as he spread him open.
And Steve literally screamed inside his own head. It was a total fluke that he didn’t do it out loud.
that is if they’re controlling all the dosages.” And he fixed Steve with a look, and waited for him to get it.
...What sort of commitment were they really making? If they carried on with this, were they tying themself to one another in a way that couldn’t be undone? It already
And then Steve’s eyes caught on the tiniest flash out of the corner of his eye, barely recognising that he’d seen it before he turned to look.
And yes, of course - that would obviously hurt Thor’s feelings, and Steve would hate that. He would never have admitted to Thor that he’d used Asgard as an emotional pitstop… And that in itself suggested there was something unethical about it.
notice that the nervous little voice was conspicuously absent, at the very moment it always made itself known. Steve didn’t even recognise that he’d fallen into something else completely, a mindset where his previous anxieties simply didn’t make sense. It never occurred to him that this wasn’t allowed, or that it was his responsibility to stop it, or that it
Tony, that friend I once had, will always have died saving the universe. Everyone who still lives there still lives in that world. I know that.”
Everything about Steve’s reaction to that felt wearily familiar. The stab of irrational anger, the petulant urge to snap,
Tony shook that thought away automatically, more concerned with the strangeness of the scene in front of him.
And it’s funny how the human mind works. What seemingly minor details it chooses to set aside. The way it can find them again when they actually matter.
He immediately fell into a fast, sharp rhythm, letting Steve’s cock drag over the back of his tongue, forcing him back into his throat again and again-
He put his hand to the side of Steve face, running his thumb along Steve’s jaw as he tiled his head to kiss him deeper. He felt Steve’s arms pull tighter around him, pulling him closer. There was a shock of pleasure as Steve bucked up against him, a delicious friction that left a deep, aching need in its wake. Tony pulled Steve’s bottom lip between his teeth, and Steve shivered, and Tony
In all the time he’d been angry at Steve, he’d never once crafted a rant for the person who had gone out of his way to hurt people, deliberately, out of vengeance and spite. It wasn’t
He knew those words were powerful, significant words. Words he would only have one chance to say for the first time-
“Computer, override scheduling and administer dose three of Tabula Rasa” Adam announced, looking up at the ceiling.
And Steve would’ve liked to have been relieved, at least a little, hearing Adam say he wasn’t going to wipe the last few days from his mind. That, at the very least, Adam wasn’t threatening to take his reconciliation with Tony. But.
And Tony knew, even without an alien drug spray, Steve could threaten anyone into doing as he said. That Steve could convincingly make some very dark promises, that he
By the time Steve had anyone he could call a friend – by the time he knew who he could trust, and had enough basic understanding to be sure he wouldn’t mortally embarrass or frighten anyone… by then, he already had that reputation. That history of never being comfortable talking about it.
. I – I know what I said today wasn’t enough, for that. That was… just, so wrong, I can’t even – but I am
His eyes had finally acclimated to the dark in the room, letting him pick out the shape of the furniture amongst the shadows. Of course, he’d taken a few moments to have a careful look around before he took his position, so he knew exactly where everything was. He’d thought through his plan at least a hundred times, and silently practised a thousand potential lines of dialogue… now, there was nothing left to do but wait.
Tony came hard against his stomach, all the air leaving his body at the shock of it. It tore up through the tension in his back, breaking him into pieces as it shuddered through him, until there was nothing left of him - just this blinding, scalding pleasure he’d been swallowed up by.
Steve felt wonderfully ridiculous, standing outside Tony’s house with a plastic carrier bag full of budget groceries. Trying not to fidget, or hold his breath, or run his hand through his hair –
two people who didn’t know you were a couple before - last night?” His expression brightened, as he registered what Tony had said. “Why, what
“We have another night,” Tony assured him, with a sigh. Steve chose to simply be happy that Tony didn’t have to leave yet.
… which is something I’ve put on you, a bit too much… But, my real point is, I’ve only just realised that…
“All the time.” Steve surrendered, when he couldn’t come up with a specific example. Just the general feeling that, “You’re probably the funniest person I ever met”
Tony felt his whole body tighten, his skin tingling sharply as he snapped up to look at Steve again.
A chance to change who died right now, rather than having to sit there and helplessly watch it happen.
And then Tony’s fingers curled around his wrist, that grip even firmer and stronger than Steve remembered, a pure, calm power pulsing under his hand.
Tony stretched, and sat himself up, and began searching for his shirt amongst the sheets. And then, in a tone that suggested a deeper meaning, Steve asked,
Like Steve had sort of forgotten that there were two people in this, that all of existence wasn’t just part of this incredible, increasing sensation
“Sit,” he instructed, glancing at the seat to the other side of him. There was a darkness in his voice, a safe sort of firmness… something that tingled through Steve’s ribs and made him feel pleasantly weak…
He, Steve Rogers, former altar boy and Captain America, had just fucked Tony Stark in a public room, whilst under the influence of sex drugs.
It didn’t take Steve long to recognise that it wasn’t only his bad mood causing the atmosphere. He could feel the tension in Bucky’s arms, the aura of anxiety that surrounded him. He could see the weight of sadness bearing down on Rhodey's shoulders. Wanda’s expression was every bit as dark and hopeless as Steve felt. Dotted between them were the people who, in this moment at least, were responding with desperation - exaggerated attempts at a different tone, ridiculous bids to fill the silence-
“I don’t think so,” Steve exhaled. “I mean… That’s kind of what I did last time. Just - get Bucky first, ask questions later. That was the most important thing, so… It ended up with us basically throwing a grenade into SHIELD, just… take it down, worry about the rest afterwards… And then afterwards hit us like a truck. And I don’t think I ever stopped wishing we had done just a bit more to prepare for it, to set ourselves up for it. I lost count of how many times I found myself thinking ‘we wouldn’t be in this mess, if only we’d…’” He shrugged, unable to think of a specific example. Tony squeezed his hand again, like he understood. “And, I mean, we were lucky that Wakanda were prepared to help him. A… unique set of circumstances, led to that. I don’t know if they’ll make the same offer again - but if they hadn’t the first time, I’d have done all that to save Bucky without being able to save him at all. God knows what would have happened to him - and then he ended up being turned to dust anyway, and then…” He trailed off, suddenly exhausted with the whole thing.
That I was saying that to… So, yeah, I do regret that, obviously. And I would obviously handle the whole Accords thing differently now – better. I just…”
Tony giggled, his whole face lighting up, like it always did when he laughed…and Steve felt a shiver run up his neck.
being short-sighted or naive or immature. Thinking through every one of Tony’s objections with an increasing sense of dread, a terrible fear that there really was a reason that he might not be able to have this…
How many times Steve had said nothing – or worse still, joined in the conversation – when Tony had mentioned his parents. Knowing that Sam knew the truth about them. And Nat knew the truth about them. But Tony wasn’t allowed to.
, a compulsion he followed mindlessly to tug Tony into his lap. Tony gave a delighted little yelp and instantly locked his thighs tight against Steve’s before he took the chance to claim Steve’s mouth again.
just assumed that Tony was thinking back to his own outburst, that he’d been talking specifically about Siberia, and the things they’d said about
“Okay, there are two types of medical diagnosis,” Tony spoke as quickly as he could, not wanting to drag this out. “There are the ones that sound way worse than they are, and the ones that are way worse than they sound.”
thing. Suddenly, he remembered with nauseous clarity what it felt like to be 5”4 and 95 pounds. He remembered a body that wasn’t capable of that force, didn’t
“...You may feel a little less inhibited,” Scaramouche answered, more cautiously. “You may feel more relaxed, and have marginally less impulse control-”
“I know we aren’t supposed to have favourites,” the other Rousseau acknowledged, smugly, “but, Captain Rogers, I have to tell you, I have been a fan of yours since I was a kid…”
all of a sudden.  There was a sharp thrill along Steve’s spine as he was forced onto his back, the instantly dizzying idea that… He really wasn’t sure he could have stopped Tony doing that-
…Although, he couldn’t think of one single occasion that Tony had mentioned spending time with Clint. Or anything particular that Tony had ever said about Clint, really.
Or tried to – finding that the top half of his body was still heavy and sluggish, despite the rapidly building excitement. There was simply no question of Steve’s arms supporting his weight, or even of him lifting his head… But he did manage to brace his back just a bit, arching up as much as he could without
annoyed at you for? I’m not annoyed at you for secretly plotting to hurt me. I’m not annoyed at you for being spiteful, or evil, or cruel. I know
Finally, Steve recognised that what he’d been missing for all these years wasn’t the era he was from but the person he used to be - that he was nostalgic for the experience of growing up, not the neighbourhood he grew up in.
had ever looked as beautiful as Steve did, just then. His lips looked so full and soft when he was sleeping, almost smiling. He had the sheets curled into the fingers of one hand… perfect, strong hands…
And, to think, Steve had actually been vaguely impressed when he read that Tony Stark had unilaterally shut down Howards weapons business.
, and Tony had to flinch away from it. He was genuinely thankful that it wasn’t possible for him to blush anymore. “I’d have to run some more diagnostic tests, before I could tell you exactly
And then Bucky looks back at the chamber behind him, and he wonders… Not with any real urgency, but still, he asks-
For two whole seconds, Steve just stared at him like he was mad. Then he seemed to shake himself to the same conclusion Tony had come to, dropping his eyes and taking a breath before he answered.
Tony could feel how close he was. In a burst of inspiration, he shifted his weight, taking his hand away so that he could move down Steve’s body. Steve keened in protest, his hands reaching blindly for Tony’s shoulders as Tony straddled his legs.
And for a few seconds, time just stopped. Steve faintly heard the rustle of fabric as Tony loosened his clothes, he felt the dip of the mattress as Tony knelt between his legs. Steve did his best to push himself up, as much as he could with his arms pinned out like this, his heart pounding against his ribs and his mouth suddenly dry-
And then the hot press of Tony’s hand over his mouth. The tingling of the tape stuck fast against his skin.
And then he thought back to that morning. Waking up in Tony’s bed and running through the details with him, and that feeling that they were really in this together…
“I don’t think I could get away with staying any longer” Tony tried to sound regretful “It was hard enough arranging ten days away, without telling anyone where they can reach me.”
his heart was suddenly racing faster than it ever had in battle, where this urge to flee had come from-
want to talk about… you know, any of that stuff…” Tony went on, his voice sounding tighter and tighter with every word. “I mean, I’m sure there are a thousand people it would be better to talk to, and honestly, I’d probably be no good in that situation at all, but I just mean – I wouldn’t mind trying, if… I just mean that you don’t have to pretend that stuff
“What the hell do you know about my family?” Clint demanded, all pretences dropped. Steve made sure to soften his expression, and answer kindly,
above emotions or preferences… I think maybe I’ve been making myself smaller, all this time I’ve trying to be bigger than my humanity. I think I’ve just ended up cutting parts of myself out. And – wow, this is getting to be a deeper thought that I planned on,” Steve cut himself off with a self-conscious laugh. And then he collected himself again, and sat forward so that he could tell Tony, seriously,
spent his whole life in a stuttering, inconsistent fight between expectations and instinct. A constant, faltering battle to do right, to be good, in a world that made it so difficult… the constant conflict between the danger of doubt and the danger of hubris. And he’d been worn down by it, and changed by it, and traumatised by it… But not broken. He’d found a way to cope – a flawed and improvised way to carry on regardless. He’d learned to deflect, and distance, and defend –
…That was a horrible thing to have said to Steve. He should feel terrible about so many of the things he said to Steve-
, for twenty years,” she reminded him. “You once called me to tell me to call the fire department for you when your office was on fire-”
reaction. Like, one of the first projects I remember doing at elementary school was baking bread. And I still just remember that as the first science experiment I ever did at school. I remember the teacher explaining how the yeast
seen them. And they, like the reps and the waiters and the bar staff, were all human, and all had the same energetic affect, and all wore a variation of the same uniform. But this woman was completely different to all of them… and Steve couldn’t think what possible job there was left over for her to do…
As long as he acknowledged that this wasn’t the best outcome, just because it had been the best outcome for
He barely even saw Nat as he rounded the final corner, a mumbled greeting falling over his lips on autopilot as he went to carry on right past her-
Or, rather, he recognised how surreal it was to be sitting here, rather than just dreaming about it. Steve had seen these four walls so many times, over so many years. He’d heard the rhythm of this exact radio broadcast in the background of so many nightmares…
“Obviously, I didn’t know at the time” Steve went on “But I sometimes think of that, of anyone watching a tape of it… how everyone else must’ve been thinking –
, as Steve panted and writhed against him and pulled at his hair. Tony just carried on that same measured, careful pace, inch by inch over Steve’s stomach, as his hands stroked more roughly over his sides.
Now, Steve was at the end of a week-long journey into the centre of his soul that he hadn’t asked for or expected. Now, he knew that he
. Then an overload of information, as all the things he should have been thinking reappeared, all at once, in no particular order. Moving far too fast to read. Suddenly, he had the horrible feeling that he’d lost his head at the worst possible moment.
And then Steve’s fingers, opening him up again, the little rivets of sensation sharper now, more urgent.
Tony knew he had to step away from Steve, that he had to accept losing him, that he had to limit the harm he’d already caused… but he
And then, half way across the room, Tony just stopped. Steve saw him look over at the bar to their left-
Not just fifteen years younger. Tony looked five global catastrophe’s younger, ten near death experiences younger… a thousand heartbreaks younger.
...And slowly Steve was recognising how different this was to any other conversation with Tony. It was eerie, and… empty, somehow…
“I know. I’m sorry” Steve answered quickly – completely missing Tony’s soft little laugh, when he said it. “I just…I was scared I’d kill him. I know it must’ve looked like I just lost the plot and – well, I did, a bit, but I wasn’t
Instead, he sank into his ugly, beige couch - which did at least look like a thousand couches he'd hated in the forties. He rubbed his eyes and groaned softly, even though there was no one there to hear it. He just couldn’t work up the energy to go through his usual list of anxieties and neurosis at the moment … and he genuinely didn’t know how else to take up his time.
Without having to think about it, Tony knew that submissive impulse had still been there. Perhaps it hadn’t been quite as strong, or maybe last night had just been too hurried and desperate for him to really fall into it… but it was definitely there.
here. Like it was just a second ago that he and Tony were discussing this far off, hypothetical party they might eventually go to…
Tony looked at the drink that he’d just poured for himself and wondered whether he really wanted it.
But Tony barely paused. There was only the slightest flicker of thought before he corrected himself, so very casually,
He wasn’t obliged to love someone in proportion to how much they had done for him, or how much they loved him. He wasn’t obliged to care for everyone as much as he did for Tony.
Steve wanted to wonder about that - but the headache kicked in before he could even begin. The whole thing felt too huge, too shapeless… Thinking about any one part of it felt hopeless. Faintly ridiculous, somehow…
… And the water was nice. Cool, and soft over his tongue, and slightly sweet, as though it had maybe had fruit floating in it at one point…
The picture of the woman in the lace bodysuit - although that one looked far less sexual in nature. More like an illustration from a Victorian women's magazine.
Because any time he found himself feeling uneasy about his lack of control, or anxious about all the unknowns, he’d remember just how much better things turned out when he allowed himself to deal with things as they happened.
Steve felt yet another flash of white-hot anger, as he recognised what that meant – and then another, and another, as he remembered more and more little details… as he realised how far back this went, just how
, the point is, you’re right, you aren’t a replacement for the friend I lost - and you’re right to tell me if I’m making you feel that way.”
, the same embarrassment rising up in his eyes as Sam went on, “I don’t know why I kept on at you to eat everything…”
But Tony didn’t say it - in fact, he had just decided that there was no point saying anything else, when Pepper piped up,
strike him as odd, under the circumstances. Unfortunately, Steve wasn’t up to concentrating on more than one thing at a time yet, so he was forced to let it go-
“You would’ve been court-martialled for wearing your hair and tie like that in 1946,” Steve informed her. “And you wouldn’t have been wearing that particular bra in the 1940s.
“Tony, some of these are locked,” he called out. He could hear the gentle murmur of Tony still reassuring Bucky, cut short with an impatient sigh.
And Steve just allowed it to wash over him, wave after wave of euphoria, a dreamy smile on his face as Tony fucked harder and faster.
it’s not really Tony she’s mad at, and that it’s a dick move to bring it up right now. Go on, I dare you.”
It was the most enticing thing that Steve had ever seen. Every cell in his body seemed to recognise it as a place of safety and rest – every part of him wanted that, now. And it was
started sorting through the various things that frightened him, assigning them to general headings and trying to prioritise them… and yes, putting some of them straight back into the dark place he’d pulled them from-
It wasn’t until he was standing under the spray, letting the warmth soak into his hair, that Steve finally bothered to ask himself what he was stalling
Letting his head swim, letting his body just pool there against the mattress… letting the memory of those words roll through his head again.
“And, on that bombshell, you should probably go to bed,” Bucky told him. “And get rested up, so that I can grill you tomorrow.”
“I love you too,” Pepper admitted - and she granted him a proper smile for that, before she turned on her heel and left.
paused to ask what the fuck he was playing at, and resolved to be far more sensible, and had even started to think about what Tony’s objections were-
know that they’re trying to turn the Tesseract into a weapon though, don’t you Nick? This ‘mission for clean, sustainable energy’, you know what that’s really about?”
Those thoughts weren’t relevant. Like the guy in the next room probably wasn’t thinking how The Facility fit into his view of feminism, or the woman on the other side probably wasn’t wondering if she was a rape apologist. And, of course, Tony knew this wasn’t fair in the real world – he had no intention of behaving this way in the real world.
“Here,” Tony smiled kindly, handing Steve one of the water bottles that he’d apparently put down on the bedside table. Keeping a firm hand to the back of Steve’s head while he drank in long, slow gulps. Steve let his chest thrum happily, as the sweet, crisp taste of it soothed his throat and cooled his lungs, his heavy panting finally coming under control. And then he let Tony take the empty bottle from him and toss it away, Steve’s head lolling helplessly against Tony’s side as he pulled in slow, cleansing breaths. He shivered happily as Tony ran a hand through his hair, stroking the dense heat away. And then Tony whispered, very softly,
“Good morning, Sir,” JARVIS announced in a cheerful voice. “You requested that I remind you in time for the next team update.”
...Whereas there would be immediate consequences to picking a fight with the Council Secretary on a hunch. Consequences that could affect the team he’d come to think of as family - the team Tony was a part of, and cared about… Even if Steve was right, and there was something greater at play here, he stood to do more harm than good by leaping to action. If he was wrong - and he was increasingly sure that he wasn’t - but if he
But then… Who knew which global players had been involved in founding The Facility in the first place? If the Adams had an army, and an advanced chemical research lab, and the resources to build a place like this and maintain this ludicrous cover, it stood to reason that they were backed by some fairly influential people. Not to mention the sheer percentage of earths collective wealth that currently considered it their personal vacation spot… They had no way to know how innocent the other guests were, or what strings they might pull to protect The Facility. If they did leave, and hand it over to the powers that be, and then politics stopped anything from happening… Or, if the Adams grew suspicious of them leaving so suddenly, especially so soon after a break-in… Or, even, if something terrible happened here in the meantime, while they were trying to convince people to act…
Tony sighed. He could only imagine how complicated that could get – especially if Adam woke up and claimed to have suddenly come to his senses, now that he’d been freed from the drugs…
enough to think of something else. For being emotionally intelligent enough to know why it mattered – even though he’d been raised in an era that wasn’t, apparently.
Those two questions could sort out the trickiest or most controversial of the analogies Tony had come up with. The reasons some of these things were alright, and some were
Steve could see the personal guilt that he carried, the embarrassment in front of himself. He just knew that Dr Stape was more interested in explaining himself than he was in appeasing either of them.
to be nice to you, and I want to be there for you, and help you, and… You know, I am sorry, that I bought into this, before. That I never thought about whether I’d hurt your feelings, because you were just so good pretending that you were… above all that. I’m sorry that I never thought about you being scared, or lonely, because you always
, as Tony pulled his shorts down over his legs in one confident tug. There was an immediate, illicit thrill, as Steve felt the breeze run over his exposed skin. And then Tony’s hand against his chest, encouraging him to shuffle back, guiding Steve to lie down against the lounger so that he could climb over the top of him. Steve let his head fall back as he arced up into Tony again, one hand on Tony’s hip, urging him closer-
By the time the sun came up, Tony had paced a hundred miles. He’d tidied his workshop and reorganised his tools and cleaned the kitchen, barely aware he was even doing it. Just looking for something to do with his body, while his mind ran endless laps.
ago,” Tony smiled, kindly, “way more than I’ve ever liked anyone I ever asked to dinner. But this just
start thinking about it again, when my brain starts working. All those memories are in there now, just waiting for me to start picking them to pieces…”
Tony melted into it, a tingling warmth spreading through him as Steve teased his lips apart. He let himself fall into Steve’s chest, writhing up against him, revelling in every perfect inch of him. His heart swelled when he heard Steve sigh, overjoyed and longing.
“What? No. Why would you – that’s horrible, no,” he shook his head, his face screwed up like he’d bitten into something sour.
No one else saw Maribelle’s confident stride stutter when she was halfway to the dancefloor, like she’s just realised something terrible…
. He had no problem over thinking, now. But unfortunately, no amount of thought after the fact could replace the memories he hadn’t formed at the time, or make sense of things he’d done when his head was fuzzy, or undo any of the choices he’d made while under the influence. And having a perfectly sober head with which to remember a completely wasted head was not a good mix. It just meant he was far too aware of-
Ultimately, not doing anything seemed less risky than anything he could do. And, truthfully, he was surprised to have made it this far without embarrassing himself or offending Tony – there was a part of him that was eager to get out while he was ahead.
he never had. Because there had never been a time in his life when he hadn’t been trying to contain his emotions and control his temper and outrun his trauma - however variable the results.
to bump into Steve - he’d spent the entire day picturing Steve, his heart clenching with anticipation every time he caught the sound of approaching footsteps, every instinct
They laid there for a little while longer. Quietly enjoying a perfect moment together, after all that complicated heartache. The few minutes, after they’d sobered up enough to really appreciate everything, and before real life had a chance to intrude…
He could hear Steve’s voice echoing in his recent memory, a phrase that had still hung in the air as Tony burst into the room,
so good to drink like this. Tony could feel that ache inside him easing, his whole body relaxing as that heat curled though him.
someone found him, he would no doubt assume that he’d just fainted, and probably decide not to mention it to anyone. He may even get away with it.
? Just because you want to explain, because you want people to know how you saw it, or what really happened, or whatever…” He asked, and Tony nodded,
to have come here for… this. Their cover was that they were a couple who had been referred here, who already knew all about it and were just here to… have a good time…
“And there’s been an increase in consumption since the festival started,” Tony went on, his tone silently adding,
“Well, don’t think you’ve weaselled out of our big conversation, because you haven’t,” Bucky sighed, glancing down at his phone. “We’re back late tomorrow night, so
Tony sighed impatiently and pushed himself up off of the floor. There was an unpleasant roll of dizziness, and the beginnings of a stress headache behind his eyes.
That seemed like the right level of busy work. Something that wasn’t technically necessary to the plan as it stood, something that wasn’t officially on the list of tasks he and Steve had to tackle together - but something that still
Tony just let that fantasy drift through his mind, along with everything else… Just one voice in that ever-growing chorus…
But, Jesus, the thought of Tony drinking anyone else’s blood had turned Steve’s entire body to ice. Instantly.
I just think I wish I’d… I think, if I could go back, if I’d been in Germany when all that was happening, then obviously I wouldn’t have just let it… but then I
“Well, right now, I have to go,” she reminded him. “But you’d better be awake when I get in, because we
“Er, no, I don’t think so.” Tony mumbled. And then he heard familiar footsteps echoing behind him, as Steve walked back over to join the discussion.
“Like, if you stopped a person in the street and asked them what they think about organised religion, you’d
For a good few seconds, everyone fixed him a silent, glassy eyed stare. It was Pepper who finally spoke for the group.
billionaire on earth is the missionary position with the wife in public. You can look at this place and think that maybe they’re all enjoying the particular experience now, fine. But you have to wonder what put them
The view outside began to make some sort of sense. Tony recognised the deep azure blue of the sky, the sepia tint to the sunshine that made him think of late afternoon in the summer. He started to identify the telltale details of his surroundings; the outline of metropolitan architecture, the familiar flow of urban traffic, the unmistakable bustle of a busy city…
lie, Steve? You know the bit that hurts me the most about your two year undercover mission, when you were undercover
sorry, for a lot of the choices I made, and a lot of the things I said. And some of those things might’ve been me doing what I thought was best, but there
Not that the practical considerations were in any way comforting. Having analysed every aspect of Bucky’s treatment, Tony had been forced to conclude that, yes, he could fix this thing – but it was going to take weeks. There was just no getting around the fact that Bucky would need time to heal between procedures, that his body would need time to adapt to the changes and learn the new programming. However efficient Tony was, however successful each individual session, it was still going to mean asking them to come back… again and again.
Time stopped. The whole world faded into white, all around him, as his vision focused on the dead weight of Adam, sprawled on the floor. Steve floated on the ocean of adrenaline, his whole body numb until his whole body was shaking, his heart still beating hard against his ribs as he finally thought to wonder what the hell had just happened…
annoyed at you for, Steve?” Tony began, confidently. “I’m not annoyed at you for refusing the support The Accords. I’m not mad at you for choosing to break the law. I’m not mad at you for wanting to help Bucky – I’m not even mad at you for choosing him over me. Maybe I was… and that would’ve been unfair, I guess...”
Oh, but Steve didn’t need an apology for that, especially not instead of being able to crawl back into that bed with Tony – he’d
“And… it’s not just that he didn’t freak out about that either. It’s the way he saw it, and the other things he said – and the fact that I know he really,
Thinking back to the soft room, the almost playful way Steve had undressed him, smiling kisses against his neck and arms and stroking his hands over him in a possessive caress…
just think about Tony - as though it was an isolated issue, separate from all the existential panics that he didn’t want to have...
Sometimes he was able to drown out the memories with very forced thoughts about something else – which, really, just traded one mental anxiety for another. Standing with his shoulders painfully clenched, deliberately getting himself angry over some other triviality, could hardly be considered a victory over his obsession with Steve… Just another form it could take, sometimes.
And he thought back further still, to all the bitter things they’d said to each other in Siberia and Germany, to the arguments they’d had in the compound, to the justifications that had run through his head when he relived those altercations at 3am, with a bottle gripped in one hand.
“Who said that?” He asked – really hoping it wasn’t someone awful, seeing as he’d just adopted it as a personal motto on first hearing…
position. That, if I could have drawn more blood and taken some tissue samples without either of you knowing, then I’d have much rather continued my research without upsetting you-”
“No! No, of course not,” Stape rushed to clarify, showing Steve his palms. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean it to sound as though I… I just meant that no one wanted to put you in this position. In
Even though Tony knew, logically, that instinct should be subject to the same scrutiny as everything else – even though, to anyone else, it would seem as curious and questionable an impulse as any of them…
. And then you have the audacity to tell me, I’m sorry about ‘that lie’. Like it’s this one thing you did, and not two years of total deception and manipulation and betrayal...”
Which made very little sense, because that very particular kindness of Tony’s was one of the reasons Steve had fallen in love with him in the first place. That intelligent, understated kindness that was meant entirely for others. Steve wanted to just be grateful that Tony was being nice about all this, after everything.
, I should say… but, what with everything that was going on, and… to be honest, I never felt like I could understand that loss for you, either – which was the link, by the way…”
Steve threw his weight behind his left leg, intending to just throw Adam aside. He barely heard him say,
And then the dip in his stomach and the jolt of adrenaline, as Steve stood up with Tony held firm against his chest… and the surge of awed dizziness that rolled through his head, just for being pressed so close to Steve’s beautiful body...
“Okay team, Captain America is at the target,” Tony joked, in that strange, high pitched strangle of someone who is only just holding it together. “He’s past the snipers, he’s disabled the guards-”
“Tony, are you sure?” Steve begged, barely leaving gaps between his words, already stroking his palms over Tony’s ass, spreading him open, pushing his still gloved fingers inside him. Tony just growled in response, pushing his body up against Steve's-
Steve had wanted to tell himself that it wasn’t his fault, but he’d felt too guilty for even trying-
Or gathering his things as fast as he could, desperate to be out of the house by the time Steve finished showering…
A general understanding that he had to help with this. More than just getting them both out of their clothes… He knew he was the only one with
have occurred to him otherwise, the wider implications began to occur to him again. He started to remember
“Yes, I have a business reception to be at,” Pepper reminded him in a sharp tone of voice. “Which I did tell you about, but seeing as you weren’t paying attention, I’ll say it again - I have plans this evening. And I
If anyone looked up as either Steve or Tony were walking over to her, they wouldn’t have any reason to think anything of it.
Tony didn’t know how long he’d stood in the hallway, letting these thoughts drift through his head. But, at some point, they’d started to take a shape…
“Oh, like they’re actually going to pit us against each other in like a battle royale, or something?” Rhodey joined in.
When Tony burst into the next room, it almost felt familiar. Like he’d known exactly what he was going to see.
And then he saw the rusty hue at the corner of the page. He watched as it spread across the paper, the colour getting darker in front of his very eyes…
“And I never fell for your charms in that other timeline, you say?” He mocked, dryly - and Steve huffed a surprised little laugh.
But Tony wasn’t really considering those problems; just listing them. Honestly, he couldn’t see the benefit in trying to fix any of them. The whole situation felt like a wall of water headed right for him – there seemed little point in thinking about pulling his hood up or tucking his pants into his socks. Ultimately, this was a dangerous situation that he had no hope of getting out of. Tinkering around the edges and trying to safeguard against minor risks just sounded frustrating.
Objectively speaking, he should probably just give up on this and go to bed. Allow his exhaustion to draw a line under it for the time being, collapse into sleep while he had some chance of getting any, revisit all of this with a clear head.
“Would that be okay?” Bucky asked quite genuinely, like he was perfectly prepared for the answer to be no…
Steve only just managed to open his eyes before he felt the weight of the mattress shift underneath him, his vision still blotted with stars when he felt Tony position himself between Steve’s thighs.
He felt utterly ridiculous. Embarrassed by how hurt he was, embarrassed that he apparently cared so much more than Tony did – embarrassed that it had come as such a shock.
let all of Steve’s mistakes carry so much more weight… all while never giving him credit for the mistakes he didn’t make, the mistakes
loved him were so rare and precious a commodity that he became especially anxious of letting them down. He couldn’t bear to watch those people speak for him - however much they caveated it - because he couldn't bear to see it blow up in their face. He couldn’t
“Steve…” he whispered softly, meeting his gaze before he started to caress his way down Steve’s chest…
portal that had led them here… and on the other side of it, the compound conference room, just… sitting there.
Tony rocked into him harder, burying his head in Steve’s shoulder – his lips so close to that tender spot in Steve’s neck. Steve moaned again, a needier, more wanton sound this time.
And that laughter just casually carried on, a low, simmering rhythm of giggles, as Tony fought his way back to the surface again - and exaggerated incredulity on his face.
Tony felt lightheaded all over again – but this time it was actually nice. A wash of pleasant, comfortable dizziness as he thought that, maybe, it
Steve bit back his smile and tried to arrange his features into a more reasonable expression, before he stood aside to let Tony in.
answer to that. The one my brain would come up with, during regular life in the real world. That I know you, and I know how much you hate to hurt
able to end this thing, before anyone had a chance to stop them. But that would mean taking certain risks and deciding on more combative action, and all the associated moral issues that come with overpowering a coat-check girl.
flared up as a physical reaction and an emotional instinct and as the only cerebral priority, all at once. This came direct from somewhere deep inside him.
“Go on then smart guy, like what?” Sam challenged. And Bucky felt a hot prickle of conflict - sharp and uncomfortable and somehow compelling - as he recognised that he couldn’t actually think of anything. “See, I thought not,” Sam told him, when the pause had dragged on long enough to make his point. “And, anyway, this is pretty rich coming from Mr ‘Also Spartacus’.” He gestured accusingly to the bed-sheet togas that Bucky and Tony were still wearing.
And yet, as it turned out, all he’d ever had to do was be honest with Tony - he’d only had to show him how much he’d always loved him. All he’d ever had to tell Tony was how he really felt…
“Well, he was waiting outside the house, for a start,” Tony scoffed. “Usually, he lets himself in and waits to enigmatically emerge from the shadows - although, to be fair, he
“And they denied him funding, and they denied him credit, and they kicked him out of the university, and – it was all because he wanted to look at something new. So, he decided to look into it all on his own – and what was the problem with that, really? He wasn’t asking for any help from anyone, he wasn’t involving anyone else, just… researching. Experimenting – and it wasn’t
“So, you’re using these people as lab rats?” Tony spat, his hands gripping the railing so tight that his knuckles were white.
“Here” She said, handing him a little wad of beige coloured patches. “They give these to the staff, we all have hundreds of them.”
“I’m sorry, I don’t know why I said that,” he breathed, as Tony finally came to sit beside him on the bed, “I think I… was dreaming, or something, I don’t know… I’m not really awake…”
On the other side of the door was a much larger room, filled with rows and rows of work benches. The people sitting at them were all like the woman Steve had seen before – small, and slight, with blue tinted skin and eyes just a little too high on their faces. They were all working wearily, looking hunched and tired and thoroughly miserable, as they robotically took little handfuls of red beads from somewhere behind them, and put them in a little bowl, and ground them into dust. Two tall, muscle bound men were patrolling the room, one on the left and one on the right, walking up and down with a certain menace… like sharks circling in a tank. When Steve looked closely, he could see they both had a rifle slung over their back, and a gun on their hip.
stay here and try to deal with this thing themselves. He could take Steve to one of Maribelle’s parties, makes sure everyone saw how much Steve could drink without any effects, hope it was enough to get them an invitation to the heart of the operation. Tony already knew how they could take things down, if they could just get in there – there were lots of ways.  At least, if they did it that way, they could end this thing
And, yes, there was still that dark voice in his head. The one that whispered that everything had changed, that there were new and more terrible anxieties to concern himself with, that it wasn’t about his trivial worries of being made vulnerable or getting his friends hurt. Not anymore. A creeping, cold feeling, somewhere under his skin, trying to warn him that he had to
kept a secret once, because I was panicked and pressured and trying to keep people from getting hurt – that’s who I am. I am
“They give us a pill before we even go up there – I assume it’s the security thing Zan told us about, so that we don’t end up sobbing on the floor. Janine says it's to help us relax first.”
But Steve didn’t want to become a global dictator. He didn’t have a particular ideology he wanted to share with the masses, or an international event he wanted to trigger.
“Some hard evidence that SHIELD was infiltrated by Hydra not long after it was created,” Steve breezed, slowly rising out of his seat. “Alexander Pierce works for Hydra. Senator Stern works for Hydra. In fact, damn near everyone you’ve ever worked with, or trusted, is doing it all for the great Nazi world mission - and you have no way to know which ones,” he maintained his friendly demeanour as he walked slowly around the coffee table, coming to a stop just a foot in front of Fury. He liked the way Nick shrank back from him. “Which means,” he dropped into a more ominous tone for the big finish, “that when you were sending a former Red Room assassin into spy on Tony Stark, you were doing it because the Nazis told you to. That’s the big justification.”
Tony loved the effort it took to hold that position. The burn in his muscles, the heat of exertion along his back… Things he hadn’t felt in so long. Things he hadn’t realised he missed. The feeling of finally pushing against his own limits, stretching into his
Tony stood in front of the mirror, and straightened his collar for maybe the hundredth time. The skin on the back of his neck was starting to feel raw by now-
you wouldn’t rather do some breaking and entering?” He teased. Bruce turned to give the tent a slow, unimpressed glare before he decided,
...Oh, he may have accidentally veered onto a dangerous path, under the influence of that little burst of passion
And then Steve dropped his head and took the head of Tony’s cock in his mouth, sucking softly. He felt Tony tense, a tiny, pleading whine escaping him as Steve took the length of him very slowly, right to the back of his throat. And then Tony’s voice broke into a low,
Tony already felt cold, as he started to count how many sessions they had left… Not as many as they’d had so far.
Images of a potential future with Tony, being able to take care of Tony and make Tony happy… it being okay to need Tony, to let Tony take care of him. Daydreams about kissing Tony, and falling asleep curled up against Tony’s chest, and baring his neck for Tony…
There was a spike of adrenaline, from the very pit of Steve’s gut. Something immediate and primal and… good…
Tony felt like he’d lived a week at least, in the five hours since Steve called. He’d been through every possible mood, existed in every possible perspective, run through every thought it was possible to have.
In the middle of battle, when he could throw Bucky the briefest glance and know for sure that he’d understood exactly what it meant.
And Steve knew that was meant to be a complement - or, rather, a manipulative sop to his ego. A cheap ploy to flatter him into doing their dirty work for him-
Tony’s dreamy expression pinched in interest, as he began filtering through all the different bonds and dynamics that appeared in nature, wondering which ones fit, and to what extent.
house - and that’s why I’m sitting here in a promotional T-shirt on the beach at nearly four in the morning,” he finished with an exaggerated shrug. Something in Steve responded to that, and he found himself shuffling closer, instinctively putting an arm around Tony’s shoulder even as the rest of him seethed. Tony relaxed against his chest-
to do,” Steve assured him. “And being there to support you, even at the hardest times, is exactly what I want to do, more than anything else. And I would rather have any relationship with you, whatever it looked like, than settle for any other life.”
to do also made him feel slightly seasick. He knew that he was avoiding thinking about it, and that meant something in and of itself.
And there was a brief cooling of disappointment then, at the idea that maybe all his newfound confidence had been a lie.
,” he surrendered - with no real idea where he was going with it. “I don’t know what it is, but it’s… just… Ever since I first met you, I just…”
Steve had no idea how Bucky had worked that out – but he could hear that Bucky was completely sure, and that was enough.
“You’re talking to someone who doesn’t remember their own office phone number” Tony mumbled, looking back at his experiment even though nothing seemed to be happening with it at the moment.
“Well, among the many things that Bulsara is famous for, is the fact that it cultivates a diverse range of plant life - most of which are used in medicine and food production,” Scaramouche explained, “but, perhaps the most famous are the plants with recreational, and inebriating qualities-”
But, no. He’d done all this once today. He’d decided. Stark was probably just a nice enough guy, who was smart and hard working –
Steve literally held his breath, as he frantically flicked through all the potential responses to that…
And he’d have said every word of it if he had the capacity for speech. He didn’t care about Tony seeing that part of him - he
Zan just shot him a withering look. And seeing as she didn’t outright call him an idiot, he assumed the truth serum had worn off.
He actually held his breath, the white pill pinched between two gloved fingers, his shield gripped just a bit too tightly in the other hand as he climbed onto the gurney… and assumed the position of his frozen self.
Belatedly, Tony recognised the tone in Bucky’s voice. He frowned, and looked up in search of it, unable to pick out any of the words… only the familiar jagged rhythm of an argument. His vision focused as he walked slowly around the bar, scanning more carefully for any familiar faces-
But it would be ridiculous to avoid dealing with this forever, just because it might be unpleasant at the time.
The sky outside exploded into elaborate displays of blue and gold and red, as the city beneath them erupted in celebration. The room was flooded with flickering light and dramatic shadows, surrounded by a wall of distant sound.
“Of course I’m scared of losing you,” Steve began, after a few moments. “And, honestly, if you woke up tomorrow and told me that your new dream was to spend every day wrapped up in blankets, I can’t lie, I’d be very happy. But it’s never really occurred to me. I know that you’re...
“That’s none of your business,” Steve informed him, taking a moment to enjoy the way Nick shrank back from him, before he explained again, “the point is, I need to see
And then Steve noticed, and turned to face him… The most endearing expression of hurt confusion on his face…
furious at Howard - that he would never be able to confront him or yell at him or punch him in the fucking face for this…
“The Tesseract banished me here,” The Red Skull explained, casually - as though that explained anything at all. “It cast me out, doomed me to an eternity of guiding others to a power I once sought to possess.”
to take them out, and even one of them realises too soon – then it may be that something happens to you anyway. To all of you.”
He couldn’t watch that bold, bright spark of the real Tony – the one he was so honestly in love with – to be overpowered by narrative of an unfair world.
“You know…” he began, cautiously, not wanting to break the mood… But feeling like he should probably say it, “if you ever want to know anything about when I knew your dad, or anything… I’d be happy talking to you about anything…”
These would be the first people to even know what he looked like. The first time anyone could ask him a question or listen to his opinion or take offence to him in some way... The first time he had to think about what it meant to be human. The more Tony tried to process that idea, the more terrifying it became. The more he remembered the reasons he’d hidden himself away from people in the first place.
more settled than Tony felt, now that the immediate need to lead the situation had passed…  “Something the people downstairs are being given.”
“Why?” Steve frowned at her, trying to sound concerned. Trying to think of what he would be thinking, if he didn’t already know why Zan was nervous “Is it dangerous?”
to… whatever being a vampire is really all about. Which is probably a lot different to being… whatever the hell I am… But.”
This was how Steve found himself standing on the street outside St Boniface Church, Brooklyn Heights, on a warm summer evening in 1938.
But he was supposed to be Tony’s partner on this mission. At the very least, he should stay within sight. The one thing that could possibly make Steve feel worse right now would be if Tony got ambushed while he was sulking.
. It was the last one that nearly got him. It had all seemed quite pretentious for what was supposed to be a low ranking security gig-
And then Tony stroked his palm up along Steve’s neck, slow and steady and sure, eventually coming to cradle the side of his face. Steve sighed, and let his head rest against Tony’s hand, and ran through all of those promises again in his head. Still trying to process how wonderful that was, still in the middle of realising how much it meant, that he really believed that-
“I’m sorry, for – whatever the hell I just said. I don’t even know, what I – I don’t know why I said that about Rhodey” He promised, desperately, struggling to sit himself upright so that he could look at Tony properly while he spoke “I
Bucky smiled indulgently. And then, as he was trying to think of what would be more helpful, Steve went on, “...And whatever I do, it’s going to involve talking to Tony, and then I’m going to blurt out the more inappropriate thing possible, in the worst possible way. And then the ground
He was indulging himself as much as Steve now, shifting so that he could take Steve deeper, wanting to feel Steve’s cock slide into his throat
“Not just some people. You help lots of people,” Steve corrected… nervously. “And it just… makes me think…” And then he took a little breath – which Tony found unbearably endearing – and added, more firmly, “I should be doing more, maybe.”
“Scanning now,” JARVIS informed him. “However, there are over 400 Petabytes of information to sort through, so this may take a while.”
That might raise all sorts of new questions - like whether he should’ve already thought of doing this
Tony decided to go and change his shirt before they left for the evening – mainly as an excuse to get out of Steve’s way for a few minutes.
“…Not one that you would recognise, no,” the man – Steve was almost sure it was ‘Jesse’ – carried on, calmly. “Actually, it’s far more advanced, and far
“Down – Down there-” Jesse tried frantically to get his limbs to work, jerking his whole body in the general direction of the basement.
it’s going to start to hurt pretty quickly, and it’s going to do some serious damage before too long, and – even if that person has as much food and water as they need – eventually the sun itself
And then the guide reached the first stop on her tour, a room just off of the main corridor that she euphemistically called a ‘lounge’.
“No, of course I don’t regret it,” Tony promised, giving his head a little shake of disbelief… But still, there was something he was holding back, Steve could see it.
much better, if either of them had just ‘snapped out of it’. If Tony had suddenly realised what he was doing, and been instantly overcome with horror, the way he had been the night before.
And Tony had done so much of this for him, and helped him see so much of this for himself. The things he’d said and the way he’d made Steve feel and… all because Steve had let him… all because Steve had finally
“-Then weapons have already occurred to them.” Tony finished for him with a sigh. “And weapon tech tends to appeal to people who want money and power” He pulled what he hoped was a teasing expression when he said it, intending it as a harmless joke at his own expense.
remembered what he was talking about – what the ‘big project’ was. What the anxiety was. The thing he’d forgotten, the mistake he’d made, the thing he’d been fretting over when he finally crashed out last night. Maybe even the thing he’d been dreaming about. He still didn’t remember anything about it, but now that he thought of it… it just
The point was, even if this list of mistakes wasn’t quite the monster under the bed that it had been… It was still pretty bad. And Steve owed Tony a better apology for it-
, he looked incredible - every inch of him displayed for Tony as he panted and moaned and rocked up against him, those impossible thighs tensed against Tony’s hips, his cock already hard again, leaking against his stomach-
“Oh, because when I finally found you and Nat last night, you were both wearing like a million flower garlands,” Tony recalled, with a frown.
“...Like eating a flower,” Steve conceded, as the slightly bitter taste of it spread over his tongue.
And then he felt Tony’s hands sliding down his back, until he was groping Steve’s ass – and Steve broke into a grin that forced him to break the kiss.
And then, for a few minutes, it just overwhelmed him completely. It was like he’d fallen outside of his body, outside of the understanding of time and space… there was just this gap, in which his legs apparently kept moving and his head was entirely still and it felt like he existed somewhere
remember the words Captain America used to sidestep emotional moments like this… but he felt like he was being asked to read a statement written in a foreign language. Like he recognised some of the actual phrases, but had no real idea how they fit together, or how they sounded to his audience, or where a slip of the tongue might change the meaning…
“Whoever is behind this,” Steve shrugged. “Maybe they’re just doing this to wind us up, make us fight.”
The fire that flashed up in Steve’s eyes as Tony’s reassurances broke down into needy whining and incoherent pleading…
“And you’re just keeping them waiting,” he bit out, bouncing the ball at his feet a few times before he looked up.
He’d only ever pictured life with Steve as a series of vignettes, never troubling himself to wonder how they’d fit together – it had always been a purely hypothetical imagining, a
Steve had really hoped to give him at least a few minutes with all these revelations, before he had to hit him with the truth about his parents death. He would have liked to have told Tony about the nicer parts of their history, and the friendship they had, before he got to their violent separation. Steve would have preferred to have at least explained about the Accords, and political climate they were made in - if only because it would make it easier to tell the real story, if Tony was already familiar with the setting…
“Uh, honestly… Probably the lumbar puncture,” Tony answered, thoughtfully. “I take it you never had one before?”
“Hi,” Steve replied warmly, and then, more calmly than he had the first time around, he asked, “Where am I?”
Tony felt the tension leave his shoulders, as a wave of relief crashed through him. He broke into a broad smile and bounded out to the hall, talking the stairs three at a time and eventually coming to a skidding halt by the front door.
“No, really, it’s fine,” Steve answered. And then there was an awkward pause, half a second two long, before Tony hung up.
Steve, who defended enhanced beings as people rather than political points. Steve, who hadn’t made Tony feel like a weird, awkward recluse…
...He had, however, picked a really bad time to recognise that ‘being completely honest’ wasn’t a simple rule that he could blindly follow.
That one idea started to grow into the beginnings of a theory - and Tony grabbed for it with all the desperation of a drowning man.
Before Steve had even moved, Tony had his arm raised, placing it gently against Steve’s chest as he took an aggressive step towards Wesley-
him, not specifically – not yet. At the moment there was just this hyper sensitive, over-emotional desperation to touch him, to be closer to him, to have
… have beautiful thighs - did I ever tell you that?” Tony asked him, in a mischievous tone of voice. Steve managed a brief spike of panic, when he recognised that he didn’t have the cognitive capacity to do something as complicated as
The deep, all-consuming desire that had been growing in him since… well, probably since he first laid eyes on Tony.
And all of that was quite uncomfortable enough, even before Steve slipped into that soft, sincere tone to add,
those the words for that sharp, bitter pain that crawled through him, when he remembered Steve walking away from him? Was that why he kept thinking back to the raft, and then immediately shaking the memory away, before he could really think about it?
Tony fought the urge to ask about it. He reminded himself that, just because they’d had one pleasant chat about forties pop culture, it didn’t mean he had any right to ask Steve personal questions.
It was the most disorienting hit of physical confusion, like every one of his senses had just been severed from his conscious mind and were running freestyle, doing whatever the fuck they felt like, whether it was coherent or not.
it when you laugh like that” He breathed, as he dropped his head to kiss Tony’s neck instead. And Tony let his head fall back, one hand moving to grab the back of Steve’s head – the other slipping under Steve’s underwear, groping him harder. Steve let one of his hands slide down over Tony’s chest, until he could run it roughly over the outline of Tony’s cock. Tony’s whole body jerked, and he tugged sharply at Steve’s hair, and smiled, close to his ear.
“Trying to save it,” Nick’s voice echoed somewhere in the distance, as Steve’s eyes were drawn deeper into that eerie, ethereal blue…
As it turned out, the most important reason Steve had for going to Brooklyn Heights that day was so that, this time, he could
With a high, keening cry, Steve came hard over his chest, a disorienting rush of pleasure that rolled into a wave of overwhelming relief… That just kept pulsing ever lower, pulling from deeper and deeper within him as that sensation rolled on, and on… He felt Tony’s stuttered attempt to come to a halt, his breath hitching as Steve clenched around him - and then breaking, as Tony tumbled after him into his own release.
tried to tell himself that. He ordered himself to take a deep breath, and pull himself together - to think of
“Oh-fuck-that-feels-good,” Steve babbled, barely aware he was talking, as he writhed against Tony’s mouth. Gently urging Tony into him, trying to work himself off against Tony’s teeth, trying to chase that rush of pain.
And then Steve took a little gasp of air, like maybe he really had stopped breathing for a time there. Tony saw Steve mouth his name, like he was too dazed to know he’d done it, or too stunned to make himself say it out loud. And Tony was suddenly gripped by a more severe panic than he’d ever felt in his life. A pure, instinctive fear. A physical
“Valkyrie,” Tony corrected with a sly smile. “With strict instructions that it wasn’t for the likes of me, so…”
For a few seconds he was too frantic to know what the hell Steve was doing, and by the time he’d worked out how to beg for him again, Steve had pressed a firm, reassuring palm to the small of Tony’s back…
Tony took a sharp intake of breath, throwing his head away from Steve and standing up from the couch, as though he’d been pulled by the force of that movement.
way to contact you, and, you know, vice versa…” He said, his voice trailing into a mumble as he held a disposable cell phone out for Steve to take.
A treacherous heat flooded his face, tightening his throat against anything he might have wanted to say-
Steve dropped his eyes, and then pointedly focused his attention on unwrapping the binding around his knuckles.
“Fair enough,” Steve laughed, momentarily distracted by the feeling of getting away with something. Then he saw Bucky shoot his phone screen an incredulous look – he could only assume in response to a message from Sam – before he glanced up at Steve apologetically.
Immediately, he recognised that Steve was being defensive of him. He could feel the protective instinct coiling in Steve’s muscles. He already knew that plenty of what Steve said to Fury didn’t directly benefit the plan - things Steve only said because he wanted to stand up for Tony.
Tony was probably being kinder to Steve than he would usually, making more effort to keep the conversation going at an easy pace… And yet…
happened between them. Remembering little things Tony had said or done, and analysing them to death. And, okay, occasionally indulging in individual ideas – flashes of images, really – before he was forced to shake them away-
have some sort of control over it - that somehow, he already understood it, and how it worked, and what it was for
as claustrophobic as an MRI machine, or as noisy. But really, it depends on which of those ideas you hate least.”
Tony began to fidget more urgently, mindlessly bucking his hips up against Steve’s thighs as that frustrated need began to sharpen. One hand went to Steve’s waist, kneading into the curve of his hip in some unthinking encouragement to move against him-
And then he glanced back to the flyer still dangling from his fingertips. Checking it was okay, or instinctively looking to Steve’s handwriting as a means to comfort himself, or just needing to look away from Pepper for a moment-
“What’s it like fucking Captain America?” The photographer shouted, dialling up the aggression in an attempt to get a reaction.
Tony had spent the morning scanning through every file stored on The Facility’s central system. They’d managed to piece together the basic schedule for the entire building, the staff hierarchies – the goal of each
Tony stopped, and really thought about it. He wondered whether there really was a bright, hopeful spark of truth to that… or if he just really wanted there to be.
time to drive over to Tony’s for appointment four, Steve didn’t bother trying to hide how wound up he was. He
to share the things that frightened you, and the things you were still working out. Unless you thought you could. And, I don’t know - the more I got to know you, the more I thought that maybe, if I just gave you a chance,
, or fix everything… But, honestly man, I always thought you should talk about… that night. I always thought you could interact
’. Dramatic, all-or-nothing statements, designed to be narratively satisfying – to be what the other person wanted to hear. And Tony had been prepared for Steve to say any one of those ridiculous things, and a hundred equally irrational things besides.
Tony saw Steve mouth another Thank You at the little girl – and then at the group of children watching from behind her – before he turned to Rhodey.
say you’re for or against The Accords, as a black and white statement, like that. It’s always going to be,
He’d gone straight to Bucky’s room, and not even bothered to say ‘hi’ when Bucky answered the door. Steve just grabbed him by the arms, and kissed him as desperately as he ever had – and Bucky, bless his soul, had caught on immediately. He didn’t just
Right now, Tony was in a rented bungalow, putting together phone-trees for any number of emergencies, and storing them somewhere that only he and Steve could reach them. He’d already organised SHIELD's entire archive by place, personnel, and project. He’d stayed up into the early hours, discussing every detail and theory and potential risk, coming up with possibilities that Steve never would have dreamed up…
It might end up with even more confusion and doubt - Steve could find himself stuck in the same pit of anxiety in a few hours’ time, listing things he wished he hadn’t said-
Bruce and Pepper both jerked awake, as everyone else flinched in unison. Rhodey and Sam began to shuffle away from the sound, to where the rest of the group was huddling closer together in the centre of the room. Tony only noticed the mirrored panel as it began to move, slowly sliding upwards, like the mystery-door on a cheesy game show… For a second, it seemed like there was only darkness behind it.
it that way… But he suddenly realised how it would’ve come across – how it would’ve made Tony feel. And now he understood exactly why Tony thought he wasn’t sorry… even why Tony thought he didn’t care about his feelings… Because Steve had done something personally hurtful, and then treated Tony like someone whose reaction he was simply trying to placate.
,” he answered, shaking Rhodey’s grip away like it was nothing, already halfway across the room before Pepper could find her voice,
So, Steve leant into it. He held himself still and let this agonising desperation overwhelm him, as Tony began to kiss and lick the blood away from Steve’s back. He was
pathetic, to care whether he was the still the obvious choice of mission partner… To feel like it was the last shred of his identity, to worry that this meant he really wasn’t good any anything anymore, to ask himself – if he wasn’t Tony’s first choice as back up, then why would he be anyone’s first choice for anything-
It was only after he and Tony grew close enough to talk about these things - and only after Steve had some more personal experience to draw from - that he began to recognise the ideas that he
By the time he’d put the empty glass down on the table beside him, and cast a casual glance in her direction, Maribelle was already talking to someone else… but he got the distinct feeling, she was talking about him…
“I don’t pretend I don’t like Tony,” he frowned. That frustration flared in Bucky’s eyes as he looked up at Steve again, and Steve’s confusion flared up with it. “...you
The trouble was, no matter how hard Tony tried to focus on the conversation, his attention kept getting dragged back to Steve.
“Hm? Oh, well, Bucky will need to schedule in at least one more check-up. Assuming there are no other issues…”
“But maybe we’ll see you at one of the second-floor parties tonight?” She asked, by way of a goodbye. “We just sort of float between them, it’s the best way to do it.”
you knew better. And, for what it’s worth, I agree with you about The Sokovia Accords, actually. Ghastly piece of legislation. Quite contrary to
“Where have you been?” Pepper demanded - in much the same tone, but at least she was entitled to it.
But there again was that comfort in inevitability. The reassurance that it no longer mattered what he wanted to think about, or what it would be sensible to think about - for as long as that briefcase was sitting on his desk, it was going to command his attention. No matter how horrible it was, no matter what the consequences, no matter what his original plans, this was now the only available starting point…
“She said it was like a school assembly” Tony sighed, falling into the couch. “Latest news, upcoming events, blah, blah, blah. Might give us some background on the place…”
Gradually the individual elements came together into a more general impression, and a bit of gentle analysis started up in the background…
Because he was sure there would be more of those loose papers in there somewhere, slotted into whatever random piles Tony had made in his impatience to dispense with the tidying-
“Oh God Steve yes please more that please yes” Tony barked, already bucking his hips against him, working himself off against Steve’s hand. Steve pushed another finger into him, trying to push as much lube into him as he could, trying to match Tony’s erratic movements.
Steve…The way Steve subtly dropped his shoulders, instinctively opening himself up. The way he bravely covered that little flash of pain. The fact that Steve’s first impulse was to turn to Tony
, in the next few days… what would be in the interests of the mission, what, ultimately, would be the
“No, Tony…” Steve breathed, closing the gap between them and putting his hands on Tony’s arms. Tony felt his heart leap, his skin tingling as though all of his blood had rushed to meet Steve’s palms. “Why are
“Woah. You okay?” He asked, looking Tony up and down. And Tony finally realised that he was still in battle stance, and dropped his shoulders.
And then there was that more present fear that Steve had inspired in him. The unarticulated terror of what would happen if Tony let Steve see this side of him. The fear of
mean, if they were entirely without feeling, they’d have just had me drug you and take your blood at the first appointment. Surely you can-”
“And I’ve got to go,” he sighed. Steve just stepped aside, amiably, thinking that he’d wait for Bucky to leave before he had another go at constructing a plan for the day. And then, just as he reached the top of the stairs, Bucky looked back at him. “You going to be okay?”
There was a hollow pause in the air around them. A tension gathered, pulling both Sam and Bucky into more upright positions - and pulling Steve in on himself.
. It was like going back to his first grade classroom as an adult, recognising that it hadn’t changed at all but looked entirely different… or, maybe, the other way around. Like, after so long seeing something with his present eyes, having accepted the new familiar, he could suddenly see it exactly as he had…at a different time… in another life…
“You think you forced that on me?” Steve gasped, struggling to express how completely wrong that was.
It wasn’t like this, back in the forties. Back when Steve still had a real life, when there was still the chance of an exciting encounter with someone. The USO girls that he’d shared one special night with, or the women he had fleeting romances with while the Commandos were camped out in little French villages, or the men he stole illicit moments with in dark alleys. Moments when Steve had felt like a sexual being, and not just someone completing the function of sex. Moments when Steve wanted, and felt wanted. Moments he felt
He thought about just saying that Steve was hot. He even made a few false starts, typing and deleting the same opening three times before he recognised… No, he just wasn’t comfortable with that. He had no idea why, but that just felt… cheap.
It hadn’t gone away - if anything, this anger was more fundamental than his previous spikes of injustice. It felt more
…He’d been remembering something Steve said about Bucky… Something about the last time they slept together…
A relieved smile melted over Tony’s lips, as the ideas fell into line - the clutter falling away as he tidied it all into boxes…
“Oh fuck Tony you feel so good,” Steve growled, his restraint breaking down right before Tony’s eyes. Tony felt Steve’s hips stutter against him, so obviously trying to go slow, his brow creased in concentration, biting his bottom lip.
“Well, that’s fine, because I love being handed things,” Pepper sighed, plucking the card from Coulson's fingers-
The rush of fear had completely transformed itself into anger now – just as hot, and visceral, and physical. His skin trembled with it, his head swam on it…
“Our kids think we’re meditating at a Tibetan monastery” Vanessa laughed. “Honestly, they’re so self-centred, they barely ask about it – they
By the time they actually reached their room, Steve was smiling so much his face ached. And then Tony glanced up at him, smiling just as broadly, and they both recognised what they were doing at the same moment – and laughed.
He dropped his head and pressed his lips against Steve’s skin, Steve’s whole body tensing urgently in Tony’s hands as he traced his tongue over the vein…
And then he felt Steve’s hands curling around his waist, gripping him harder, pulling Tony into him – hitting his prostate again. A sudden, jagged shock sliced through the thick, pulsing sensation Tony had been floating on, tugging him back into that state of immediate, focused need. And then again, and again, faster than Tony could process it. It ran away from him so quickly, curling hot and low inside him, almost painful-
didn’t say?” Tony snapped back - knowing, even as he did it, that it was irrational and unfair and not even what he was really feeling… But it just came tumbling out. “I didn’t know there
Thoughts about Steve, obviously, and repeated reminders not to think about him - all of which was taking up far too much space-
Still, Steve nervously catalogued his living room as Nick did, because there had been too few exceptions to that rule for it to be worth his time thinking about it -
And the vague feeling of being distracted from something. Some other thing he was in the middle of working out…
And Steve didn’t feel himself fall even deeper into himself. He didn’t realise that the tear he’d made to let all this out was just growing and growing under the pressure of everything
“Well, I’ll give you as long as you need to discuss it now” She went on  “And to discuss what sort of fantasies you might have, and, if you still want to do this, you can come and get me whenever you’re ready. Then I’ll give you the Ambience, and you can go up to the Third Floor.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll go through everything very carefully, and I’ll give you a chance to ask any questions you might have” Janine assured them “And, just to make sure you know – you can
But, as luck would have it, Tony had provided him with an opportunity. ‘Fifteen minutes or so’ in which Bucky would be asleep, and JARVIS would be doing all the work. Steve wouldn’t need as long as that. As huge as this was, and as much as there was riding on it, it would still only take a moment to say.
Watching Steve’s face, it was like he was listening – like Tony could see him thinking about everything Tony was trying to tell him… Like he
familiar stab of unfairness that hit directly between the ribs, every time Tony misunderstood him like that - the little voice that whispered,
Tony laughing joyously as Steve pushed him down on the floor of a public room, letting Steve undress him, parting his legs for him and arching his back
That this was entirely different to the resistance of being drugged, or exhausted. That he wasn’t too numb, or too disoriented, or too drained to move-
She raised her eyebrows again, a certain affection in her scepticism… and then she just smiled again.
, or something. You pass judgement on their existence. And you’re claiming it's in defence of what is
” he jabbed a finger in Wanda’s direction, purely to emphasise that he’d noticed how Clint had declined to call her out, even when challenged-
wasn’t hurt by any of the things that Steve had told him about Bucky. Tony still didn’t know why he would be. Steve started that relationship before he even met Tony, it was about something entirely different to what he and Tony had, it was based on completely different needs and emotions and experiences…
Brief flashes of it were incredibly vivid - but it would’ve taken considerable effort for Tony to put them in the right order.
conversation he and Steve ever had would’ve been in that brief period, after their animosity toward each other thawed and before everything turned to shit.
And then Tony remembered the sharp pain in his hip, and the sticky weight of his shirt clinging to his skin.
“Oh, obviously the honour is all mine,” Pierce assured him, gesturing to his office. Steve simply followed him.
He pulled his arms tight around Tony, burying his head in Tony’s hair and breathing him in, trying to think of how to express this incredible joy…
And then Steve’s fingertips digging hard into his skin, as he buried himself into Tony, panting his name over and over as he came.
“Well, for what it’s worth, I don’t think any of the other treatments are going to be as bad as that was. Some of them might be time consuming, and boring, but…” he shrugged. And then he watched Steve smile again, and nod another thank you… and blush, just a little…
But then Tony had gotten himself distracted by his stupid fucking crush on Steve, and now Rhodey was probably lost in that endless crowd, every bit as panicked as Tony had been-
And Steve just about managed to catch Tony’s eye, before his face froze in the most wonderful expression of overwhelmed relief, and he came hard over Tony’s stomach.
“Something happened?” Tony asked, and then looked at Bucky. And Bucky pinched his lips together, and fixed Tony with a loaded stare, and then nodded oh-so-subtly in Steve’s direction.
However strange Steve’s existence, however many extraordinary things he’d had to find a way to understand, there had always been a consistent reality they existed within. The had always been an unspoken line between the sublime and a ridiculous, a shared understanding of what was possible-
And then Tony fired the gauntlet, deliberately aiming a foot to the left of her, blowing a hole through to what he knew was an empty stairwell. The guard shrieked, throwing her gun aside as she flinched away from the noise. She looked up at Tony, wet eyed and open mouthed, and Tony made sure to fix her with a dark stare before he barked at her,
It was another one of those side effects that Erskine had apparently theorised about but neglected to mention. It had been left to Peggy to explain, with her unique brand of no-nonsense compassion, that the serum enhanced
He stretched out on the couch, curling his toes happily and letting go of a particularly dramatic sigh. His eyes slipped shut, as he thought back to waking up in Tony’s arms… The warmth in Tony’s voice,
“Bucky?” The man prompts, gently. Bucky focuses on him again… He finds a compassionate expression… and a flicker of thought…
you’ve said those exact words to me before now. A lot of what I’m rethinking is the stuff you’ve told me. I just think… it took me two decades, and
“Why hoped?” Tony asked, slowing lowering to sit on the couch, gesturing for her to do the same. Zan’s eyes flitted around the room, like a wild animal looking around a cage. Cautiously, she sat.
guilt I feel for not looking after him like I’m supposed to,” Tony smirked, joylessly. “I don’t even know where to begin with that…”
Centring, at least. He wasn’t sure of very much at the moment, but it still seemed fairly straight forward what needed to be done about the situation on Anni Vara. What Captain America would do about that.
Steve shook them all away. Thinking through these images weren’t the best use of his time. The most fun, yeah… But just
“I know this means opening myself up, in a whole new way. And I know it means giving more of myself than I knew I had to give, and I know it means taking a lot of faith and some on hope and taking a risk… I’ve made that choice before. When I took the serum, when I brought down SHIELD… I know what it is, to take a risk. And, in my – you have to admit, extensive – experience of weighing up impossible, life changing decisions… Sometimes you’ve got to face the fact that the risk of missing out, of doing nothing, is so much worse. That you’re always going to regret doing nothing, more than whatever crazy thing you’re about to do… So, yeah, I know there are some unknowns, and I’m taking some stuff on faith… But I can honestly say I have never been as sure about anything, or as excited about anything, as I am about this,” and he reached forward and took Tony’s hand. “I
“I’m just not sure you’re right, in that case.” He sighed. And before Tony could say anything else, Steve just turned away and walked into the bedroom.
Steve never found out whether the General’s son had been among the scorched remains… But someone’s son was. Someone’s best friend, someone’s mother, the love of someone’s life… piled on top of one another, along with the rest of the wreckage-
at him first. He wanted to be able to remember forever the perfect image of Steve in this moment, lying naked and spread open for Tony, flushed and needy and hard, his perfect skin glowing against the ivory and gold of the bedsheets…
Just having Tony fall asleep in his arms, sober and fully dressed, in this most everyday of settings on the planet they called home… in
That he’d tried to make it all fit into a world that it obviously wasn’t from, trying to find human equivalents for something that simply
“Do you mind telling me what you’re doing here, sirs?” One of the guards asked, looking between him and Bucky.
As Zan was speaking, Steve had circled around so that he could sit on the couch – next to Tony. Which was all he really could do, if he wanted to look at Zan while she was speaking… But still…
And suddenly, Steve remembered that meant something, back in the reality he came from. That it was ‘a thing’.
Steve saw the way Tony’s eyes snapped up, that he’d clearly noted how enthusiastically Steve answered that…
“Actually, he’s probably the most human person that Bucky has spoken to since we started this whole thing. He’s the only person who bothered to ask what sort of treatment Bucky preferred – he’s the first person to ask Bucky what he thinks about anything at all, really. And he’s the first person who seems to really know what he’s talking about…” And, at last, Steve realised what he was doing – too late to have any chance of covering it up.
“Oh God, I’m not leaving you, I’ll never leave you, I swear” Tony promised, over the terrible, chilling recognition that-
was the closeness Steve truly coveted, the longing that had been there no matter what else they shared.
“And, by ‘what I did in that bunker’, I mean I’m sorry I lost my temper and tried to physically attack you –
house, by the way - mostly because it implied a sort of permanence. It suggested that Tony had already gotten used to Steve being here and started taking it for granted.
“Are there any other times you’ve felt… like that?” Tony carried on, sounding more cautious with each new question. “Was there something that Wesley said, or did, that made you feel different-”
“But, no, I should go back to my room and slip into something more comfortable,” he joked, gesturing to his formal jacket. Tony snorted a laugh, and then nodded an acknowledgement,
to do it all at once…” he gave his shoulders a little shrug, his palms still pressed against Tony’s arms. “Not that you have to apologise, for me-”
“...Where are we?” Rhodey asked, still squinting against the light. Sam stirred again, rolling heavily onto his side.
“Nothing major – a development on that Turkish arms dealing thing,” Bucky answered efficiently, checking his weapons as he talked. “The retcon team think they’ve found a central server, with like,
“You’re not worried about drawing attention to this place?” Steve asked, more interested than concerned.
“Oh, not really,” Pepper breezed – stubbornly refusing to be distracted from the topic of Tony’s current good health. “That was just the weekly business report-”
Tony briefly considered avoiding the question. Replying with details about Barnes’ treatment, saying that he wouldn’t know until he had a closer look at the data… But almost immediately he recognised that there wasn’t any point. He knew exactly what Rhodey was really asking, and he knew that Rhodey knew he knew. If he was going to try palming Rhodey off with a non-answer, he might as well just not reply at all.
got hurt… That I could keep what we had. I got in over my head, and I made a mess of it, and if I could I’d do everything differently… And I’m sorry.”
That his strangely pleasant melancholy in this moment might not be so different from the simple human sadness of aging, and changing, and letting things go.
When he saw Steve like this, Tony could only feel a soft swell of affection and a deep sense of comfort, however hard he tried to force a more appropriate reaction. And even though he knew that there were other things he should be thinking about, that he should obviously be
And then he felt Tony rock into him, slow and deep, and then again, and again… And Steve just let his eyes fall shut again, let his whole body fall open to this, simply letting Tony fuck into him, over and over… He’d lost all sense of time, or perspective. He’d stopped thinking in actual words. He just relaxed into this easy, endless pleasure, this wonderful feeling of simple, aimless bliss.
Steve jumped to attention, looking over to the source of the commotion just as Tony sprinted out behind him, with a delighted yelp of faux distress.
“Okay, I spoke to Natasha,” Pepper was already telling him, before she’d even looked up. “Apparently she was alerted by your earlier call, and – why do you have a metal arm?”
What if Steve had outgrown her? What if he no longer had the patience with her misconceptions, now that he didn’t share them? What if he wasn’t impressed by the things she did, now that he’d already seen the bigger, better things they
“Is that what you thought that fight was about?” Steve shot back, sarcastically. “I thought you were only there because Tony asked you to stay indoors while he dealt with your many arrest warrants. Silly me.”
for that… I mean, for half a million dollars, they could’ve gone to almost anyone - so why did they need someone as desperate as you? What made this job
He’d thought that Tony objected when he hadn’t told him about his parents because he had a right to know, because it’d been disrespectful and dangerous to keep to from him.
Steve breathed a laugh, letting his forehead rest against Tony’s, his palms stroking over Tony’s hips.
intoxicating than anything else he’d ingested. It certainly hadn’t stopped him maintaining his bad mood, the way everything else conspired to… But he still wasn’t sure he felt ‘like himself’.
After a second or two, he became aware of that pressure - the knowledge that Tony was still right there, looking at him. Begrudgingly, Steve turned to face him… And Tony
Being a petulant and precocious child, Tony had quickly learned to hate that on a superficial level. Some of his earliest memories were of being frustrated to the point of tears by the choices that people made for him, or the things people said on his behalf. His mother once told him that his first words were
“Hey,” one of them broke away to call to Steve, beckoning him over with an entitled sort of urgency.
And then another, heavier wave washed over him, and Steve was simply knocked prone under the force of it.
And, to make matters worse, he really couldn’t read Tony’s reaction. Steve felt like he could find every emotion, from elation to visceral discomfort, if he looked from a subtly different angle…
By now, there were a hundred questions clamouring for attention in Steve’s head, only some of which had actual words - and no answers.
And, okay, Tony really couldn’t take any comfort or credit for it, because he really hadn’t planned it this way… But he could see that this had actually been just as important for Steve as for him.
Steve felt his stomach dip, his cock pulsing sharply as he flexed his wrists against Tony’s hands. It was like Tony wasn’t even fighting him – like he didn’t even have to. He just carried on teasing Steve’s lips apart, kissing him deeper, warm and unhurried and confident. Steve let himself get carried away with it for a moment, just thinking of how perfect Tony’s mouth was and how much he loved the taste of him…
“Well, I did warn you this might lead to more drugs in the air” He joked, gesturing the makeshift Bunsen burner that was now cooling on the edge of his mat. And Steve just breathed a little laugh, because he knew it wasn’t that. “Although, actually, if there are any excess drugs in the air right now, they should just mean you
A physical wave of cold, vital power rushed over him as she scrambled off to look for help. His skin tingled in the aftermath of it, his heart thrumming against his ribs with a giddy sort of elation.
“I love you,” Steve breathed, by way of a greeting. Tony giggled again, already stepping into Steve as he answered,
“Christ, what did you think when you saw Bruce’s number?” Tony asked, with a laugh you’d swear was genuine…
this, once, just to see… But you’ll have to donate that blood on your own time, and bring it. I can’t… take your blood-”
And then lowered his eyes and took a deep breath, taking a moment to drop the anger and draw a line under this unexpected intervention, so that he could focus on Pepper again-
Of course, he still begrudged having to get out of Steve’s bed at all. If Steve hadn’t scheduled a meeting with the Secretary of the World Security Council, there was no way either of them would have bothered going back to work today.
As Sam and Bucky’s bickering faded into the background, Tony felt his eyes being drawn into the middle distance, his body softening under the baking heat…
Meeting Natasha again, yes, he’d done his best to prepare for that. He was sure he’d spent a lot of time thinking about that from every perspective, and may even have come up with a conclusion-
He was so engrossed in his thoughts that he’d completely forgotten what he was doing with his hands. Halfway through another worst case scenario, Steve was shocked back into reality by the tennis ball crashing through the tips of his spayed fingers, narrowly missing his head before it went flying into the gym equipment behind him. A shot of adrenaline jarred his spine straight, his jaw clenching as the bouncing came to a juddering stop and the ball rolled across the floor towards him.
“That’s what I’m saying – it doesn’t work like that.” Adam sighed. And then he turned to address the side of Tony’s head. “Although, you should ask yourself – if you’re
As she walked by, the mother caught his eye very briefly, not even long enough to notice his unconventional haircut or 21st Century outfit - just long enough to share an awkward smile at her son’s harmless misbehaviour.
Even without his fears that he’d put his foot in it or gone too far or said the wrong thing… he knew he’d just said
“Is that… bad?” Steve asked, nervously. Giving into the biggest fear first. Tony shook his head self consciously.
have asked you to move in with him, and helped you. He’s always taking in random strangers, and helping people just because he can. He asks
“Okay, I’m sorry that this isn’t going to make much sense, but we haven’t got time to explain it.” He explained in an urgent tone. “Have you ever heard of an alien warlord, calls himself Shawarma?”
, Steve really understood what had driven Tony to have that rant anyway. The wonderful part of Tony’s very nature that pushed him to love like that, to want love, to want to fight for it, in spite of everything. The brave little part of him that wouldn’t be dismissed…
He looked up just as Tony walked in - in time to catch the way Tony’s expression sharpened in concern, when he saw the state that Steve was in.
“A change in plans for this evening, sir?” JARVIS enquired, causally. Tony let go of another startled little laugh.
reminded me of Howard, and sometimes you do things that are just… So, so unlike him… And I don’t think I’d realised that I’d just been asking myself that one question, until today. And then I saw that movie and it made me think, if I’d known both of them, I never would have said you were
who had the power to decide who knew and who didn’t, what changed and how… maybe even whether people existed at all…
He’d stirred just as Steve left the room – feeling like he’d been woken by the emptiness of the bed, as opposed to any noise Steve had made.
?” Tony began, coolly. “Well, most of the work we’ve done so far hasn’t been about finding or fixing that unit. So far, we’ve mainly been installing the ‘work around’, putting in place a non-organic neurological interface that actually
And then he felt the slow drag of Steve pulling out of him, the cold absence he left against his skin. Tony forced his eyes open, blinking his way through the floating purple shadows. He gazed up at Steve, watching the muscle ripple up along his torso, his skin flushed and sheened with sweat. And the way he was looking at Tony, adoring and overwhelmed and…
Everything seemed so much… duller, out here in the watery daylight. So much cheaper and… less fantastic, less otherworldly…
he’d just screwed up - the ominous future he would have to face alone, every bottomless fear he’d never be able to share-
By the time they got out into the corridor, it felt like there was a riot taking place in Tony’s brain.
“Yeah, I think so,” Tony nodded. And then he swallowed down a swell of nervousness and made a rash decision to
Out of nowhere, Steve found himself thinking of all sorts of scenarios where his new relationship with Tony would simply be a barrier…
He sucked hard at the delicate skin at the dip of Tony’s collarbone, making sure to leave a bruise this time. Tony’s breath caught again, breaking through as a strangled
“Well, all the guests are being sent to the compound first.” Rhodey explained, wearily “We’re calling it a welfare liaison or something. Basically, so we can reassure the innocent and maybe pick up if any of them are culpable, et cetera, you know.”
And he stayed fixed in the moment, his attention entirely focused on Tony, his mind falling completely silent as he watched the cuffs closing around his wrist, and felt that pressure close tight against his skin again, and surrendered to the strange, weightless sensation that came over him as Tony secured them to the headboard. Steve waited until Tony lent away again before he gave the chains the tiniest trial pull, just to feel the resistance running up along his arms. And then he looked back up at Tony - who was just gazing down on him, adoringly.
But then Steve dropped to kiss Tony’s neck, and it was such a deeply intimate feeling that Tony’s body simply turned to water around it. His arms fell helpless at his sides again, as an electric shiver ran down his spine and pulsed out into his muscles. He felt Steve shift his weight, spreading his knees so that he could lower himself closer to Tony, pressing down against him as he sucked long, slow kisses along the column of his throat. Without thinking, Tony writhed up to meet him, one hand finally getting with the program enough to grab roughly at Steve’s hair. And then he felt Steve’s tongue flitting over the line of his collar bone, the faintest grazing of his teeth over the sensitive skin,
“Are you still mad at me for not waking you up this morning?” Bucky asked, just as the doors slid open.
Would he have to rethink his grievances against Nat, in light of all these revelations? And Sam? And Wanda and Clint and Scott?
Steve frowned at the flowerpot in his hand. He had the feeling that something about that would be interesting later, when he was up to it…
He aimed an uppercut right into Adam’s gut – and Adam dropped to his knees like a sack of wet rags. When Steve’s vision finally focused again he saw Adam, red faced and wheezing, and still blinking blood out of his eyes, a foot away from him.
He couldn’t do anything but watch as Tony’s reactions played out in front of him - his own responses simply pulled along with them.
He knew exactly what he’d been feeling twenty minutes earlier - anxiety and misery. A cold dread that’d weighed down on him since the moment he realised that he
attracted to him, and nothing can happen – I mean, we’re in the middle of why a simple conversation can’t happen, so obviously nothing more can happen – and that’s not going to be fun, is it? For either of us, probably…” He just trailed off, exhausted by the whole thing.
“Well, thank you,” he murmured - just as Steve’s phone beeped. Steve rolled his eyes as he fished it out of his pocket, frowning before he’d even looked at the screen. “Expecting bad news?” Tony asked lightly.
And then he saw Steve gasp softly, his face softening into such an open, vulnerable hope… It made Tony’s whole body ache. He didn’t know whether he loved or hated that feeling.
know that. But, maybe you didn’t know you knew that? Or, now that you know you know it, you can’t remember whether you knew you knew it – see, this is what I mean about it being hard to say. I just… I remember, seriously thinking, that… maybe that wasn’t even what Zola was saying? Maybe he
“I gotta be honest with you – this is the most sense you’ve made in twenty years,” Rhodey deadpanned. Or maybe he just meant it.
He just felt so bad for how he’d phrased everything – so guilty at the thought of what Steve might be thinking, right now. That instinct that something was off centre, not working properly, not right… and his natural inclination to
But Steve was as fast and fluid as ever, wriggling his way free of his clothes in a matter of seconds and kicking them aside. And then he crawled up the bed, lying beside Tony and pulling him onto his chest…
Tony sighed, heavily. Of course, he knew that would be her answer. Right now, he could see and process every detail, he could immediately understand the person Pepper was and the relationship they had-
“You’re a long way off getting armour,” Tony clarified, apologetically. “And putting it off won’t mean you don’t have a procedure today. So.” And Bucky just shot him a playful look,
Steve could really remember about the ‘showcase’… He knew it was spectacular. He knew there was a time right at the beginning when he’d felt somewhat awed by it…
“But, potentially, they already have a lot more destructive capability than you give them credit for.” Steve informed her, gravely. And she gave in and looked up at him, her eyes wide.
“And what does this one do?” Steve carried on, not really paying attention to his own conversation - but thinking it was nice that she took pride in her work.
“He said it was the wrong time for that sort of assessment, and that they might have jumped to the wrong conclusions, or something,” Tony answered, sceptically. “Which
want to get our attention in the first place?” Steve hissed, barely able to keep his cool. “Why did they want you working on Bucky’s arm?”
In spite of which, Steve was still somewhat surprised when he sat down and flicked through the first few pages - and found that it was immediately reassuring, actually.
the only monstrous world is the one without you in it, please don’t make me live there, please don’t make me watch the person I love die, not like this,
something immediate and primal, something that was no part of the person he used to be… Something that could claim priority from his conscious mind at moments like these, whether he wanted it to or not.
“Steve,” Tony whispered, his gaze dropping to Steve’s mouth, his thumb stroking over the curve of Steve’s shoulder.
He thought of all those days he’d spent anxiously glancing at his phone, rehearsing all the things he could say to Tony and thinking of all the ways he might be able to help and worrying about all the mistakes he might’ve made…
Whatever their differences, he certainly didn’t want Tony to get hurt. Or Clint, obviously. Or anyone. And it seemed to him that SHIELD was being far too lax about this whole undertaking, given the people involved and the people they’d lost already. Nick was going to prep Tony for this mission with only ‘undecided agent’ listed as his back-up, and didn’t seem to have any contingencies planned for when his communication was cut off, or if he was ambushed – they didn’t even know what had happened to the previous two agents, for God sake-
Tony made sure to stand a safe distance from the door frame – he had to stretch, to reach the handle. But then the door swung open, and that bright segment of sunlight appeared on the floor of the lobby…
Steve and Tony shared a glance, while Zan was catching her breath again. Steve remembered Tony saying that they’d only have a few minutes before this dose wore off, so he pushed ahead with the next question.
, like he’d been liberated by the restraints. And Tony kissed him back just as hungrily, one hand curled under his head, the other still caressing Steve’s arm… down over his ribs… over the curve of his hips… Steve bucked up against him sharply, and a sudden, searing pleasure shot through Tony’s groin and up along his back, forcing him to break away to gasp for air. And Steve let his head fall back, baring his neck for Tony-
He could imagine all the different things he could do for Steve… all the ways he could make him feel good…
And Steve paused mid-step, just so that he could get the pose right, waiting for Rhodey to look at him before he leant forward and said,
It wasn’t that he’d forgotten that Tony had already apologised for so many things, or that he was genuinely sorry to Tony for so much, or any of the things they’d worked out together – they just weren’t relevant right now.
And then Steve dropped his head, and sucked a deep, bruising kiss against the sensitive skin on the inside of his thigh.
be explained by a chemical reaction… or a shift in his thinking. Maybe he’d just gotten it into his head that this was something eerie and supernatural, and stopped looking for the logical explanations. Maybe, if he looked again, he might realise how silly and superstitious he’d been about things that could easily be understood.
He kept his eyes on Steve as he wet his fingers, his heart racing again as he watched Steve part his thighs and arch his hips - like he was offering himself up.
As Tony was reading it aloud, Steve was shaking four little paper sachets out of the envelope. Even from here, Tony could make out the word FOCUS written on each of them.
be proud of all of it… My mothers corned beef hash was famously terrible, even in the great depression-” he was cut short when Tony let out a surprised giggle.
And whatever that meant, it couldn’t mean abandoning Bucky, or using Bucky, or always putting Bucky second.
That Stape had fucked about with the wiring in Bucky’s arm, purely to install a shut down switch for his employers-
Instinctively Steve reached out to him, putting his hands on Tony’s arms and pulling him closer. When Tony looked up at him again his eyes were wet with tears, and just so beautiful-
He saw the impact hit Wesley square in the chest. Tony watched as all those cognitive anxieties flared into physical terror.
, they would unite in celebration of such an act – and in planning to make the most of it. Then, they would work together to build a new world…”
A sharp cry finally broke free, as his cock pressed against the mattress - that basic, human pleasure sliding over these deeper sensations. Tony froze, briefly confused as to what to feel first, what to lean into-
His brain had apparently short circuited, the second Tony touched him. There wasn’t a single thought in Steve’s head as Tony melted against him, the warmth of Tony’s mouth against his, the sting of Tony’s fingertips, digging into his back. It just
He barely broke the kiss as he guided Steve over to the bed, climbing onto it and guiding Steve to follow him. He could feel Steve smiling against his lips. Then Tony pressed the lightest touch to Steve’s shoulder, and Steve complied immediately, lying back against the sheets and looking up at Tony with those perfect ocean blue eyes…
After a moment Steve had to break away and gasp for air, still holding Tony close, his hands caressing gently against Tony’s skin – like he was still trying to convince himself that Tony was really there.
But, I hope it's worth the wait - and yes, I know I'm a tease, but if it helps, the next update is like *all* Steve Tony reunion...
designed.” She carried on, gesturing to a door to their left. “We try to provide, in advance, the amenities that are more frequently requested – but please don’t take this as any suggestion of what you
Instead, he took a moment to wonder whether this was a drawing of restraints or jewellery… before conceding that he still had no way to work anything out, and walking over to put it with the others. He looked over at his desk, and reminded himself that he should put the kinky sketch with the others-
“…I didn’t get much of a debrief, but the way I heard it, if you’d got there half a second later they’d both be dead,” Rhodey offered, kindly.
And it was an issue. Steve avoided thinking about it to the point that he really didn’t know what the issue was, exactly. But he knew that he missed sex and still couldn’t bring himself to think about actually having a sex life. He knew that the prospect of doing any of the things he
“So, you came here straight from battle?” He smiled, gesturing vaguely to Steve’s outfit. Steve glanced down, and breathed a little laugh.
Tony part floated, part danced his way back to his workshop at some point in the middle of the following afternoon.
Briefly, Tony wondered if he should be horrified by that - or, at the very least, if he should be horrified at himself, for not being horrified.
“As long as you’re saying nice things about me,” Tony grinned. She rolled her eyes, affectionately, before she asked,
And then, when Steve had buried himself completely inside him, the head of his cock pushed up against Tony’s prostate and his hands caressing into Tony’s hips, his voice dropped into something darker and more possessive as he growled,
“Oh, God, please, I can’t, I’ll come like this, I-” Tony babbled desperately, barely aware he was even speaking. Steve simply dug his fingers harder into Tony’s flesh and pushed his tongue deeper inside him, tightening that need to the point of pain-
“Oh, God, sorry,” Tony blurted out, as a blush scorched his way up his neck. “Wow, that was embarrassing. Sorry, I just-”
amazing about everything... And none of that is anything to do with me liking you, or me wanting this. It’s not like I only wanted you because of what happened last night - I meant all of that. I wanted you anyway…”
So, to that end, Tony had spent the last few days pestering Bruce for tasks he could help with, and taken an unnecessary interest in a few SI side projects, and actually turned up to the SHIELD meetings that he usually skipped…
“Yeah, of course I am – even though no one else would be, if that happened.” Tony explained, and watched the realisation flash up in Rhodey’s eyes.
“Okay…” he whispered, willing himself to maintain the calm, reasonable demeanor for just a few moments longer-
It felt familiar, burying his feelings like that. He knew, even as he was doing it, that he’d done it so many times before, and that it was killing him…
It didn’t stop him feeling guilty - but it helped put it into some context. It stopped him from chasing that guilt, as though it was something he was
But still, he’d expected that thought to reappear at this moment. That this reunion might well be coloured by the sadness of all the mistakes he couldn’t unmake and things he’d lost forever…
“You know what this is?” He asked, gesturing to a low-quality image of a glowing blue cube. Tony felt as though he should be able to snap back with a sarcastic answer, but he was so focused on reading the situation that even his snark response was temporarily disabled.
no other way to be sure thousands of people wont die… and that these people pay for this…” Tony carried on like he was talking to himself. Like he was trying to
something nice about thinking it all through like this. Something… cleansing, or… liberating, or something…
I can say to you now, because I can’t ask you to forgive me and I can’t ask you to understand me and you already know I was reckless and selfish and wrong. I don’t have any right to say any of the things I… I know you won’t believe me, and you must think – and every time I try, it just comes out all wrong, and… there are so many things I can’t explain, I just-”
decided not to tell you about Bucky – because you might get upset. Or because we didn’t trust you to handle it the way
“Well, I can’t run a comprehensive scan with this” Tony gestured subtly to his watch – the most high-tech piece of equipment they’d risked smuggling in “But I’m pretty sure they just have regular old security cameras. An electromagnetic pulse should knock those out, at least for as long as we need. Breaking the lock and stealthing down to the basement is your department.”
And Steve felt a very familiar headache start to build behind his eyes. A pressure, with an edge of frustration… The old battery of responses. Immediately feeling responsible for finding an answer. Then a stab of injustice that he should have to, an anger at the world for making it so hard… Then the sinking feeling of inadequacy, the kick of self-hatred for not being able to just step up to this… the rising fear, that he wouldn’t have anything to say, that he’d say the wrong thing and…and, then…
Beneath him, the city streaked into an abstract work of art, a perfect balance of colour and form that would disappear completely when he moved closer to it. In moments like this, Tony could still appreciate the wonder and absurdity of what he was doing, however many times he’d done it before.
Because, of course, unlike Steve, Tony hadn’t taken the FOCUS whilst desperately trying to think about something – he’d taken it because he was trying
But, altogether, that gentle touch was about the most intense thing Tony had ever felt – and that hopeful, questioning look in Steve’s eyes, the way his lips parted…
It was horrible and vicious. And...overwhelming, and free. And still somehow not much of anything… Or too much of nothing...or something.
It was dark, most of the light provided by lanterns or strings of delicate fairy-lights. The floor below them was big, easily the size of a football field, and dotted with soft cream couches and what looked like beanbags. Most of the guests were already lounging comfortably, some of them smoking, most of them laughing…
When, in reality, Steve had probably been anxious about Bucky, or something Nat and Sam were up to… All those moods he’d hidden, or lied about. All the little performances he would’ve had to go through, at different times, to keep that one secret from Tony – all while Tony had thought he was getting somewhere. All the memories that had been so precious were actually just memories of Steve making something up, having to find something to fob Tony off with… wishing he wouldn’t ask. And Tony was still so humiliated, to think how much those moments had mattered to him. He wished he’d never had those conversations.
Steve fixed Nick with an impatient expression and gave a performative sigh. He’d always hated the dramatic, round-about way Nick explained everything - as though he were setting up a funny anecdote, rather than making use of people's valuable time.
“Well, of course they are, I was directly involved” he responded with a jovility that he no longer felt. “Which brings me to my next question - how does it feel to be a genius?”
“Hi. I’m Steve.” He smiled, just to over Tony shoulder – and, oh yeah, there was someone else in the room…
Tony was right there, waiting, when Steve stepped out of the elevator. And Tony looked right at him, and
And then there a strange, expansive emptiness just washed over him. Steve had been so focused on his immediate plan, so aware of the pressure to do something…
“And when the security guards ran up to you, and asked what was wrong,” he carried on, over the top of another groan from Sam, “you actually
“Let’s never tell them that my Kryptonite is balls,” Steve squeaked out - not sure how Tony had understood it, but assuming that the high gasp of pain was a response.
know that I’m not good at relationships. I’m not good enough for him. I feel like I literally just had this conversation with myself, when I was accepting I would be no good for Pepper. So, already, there’s me, about to get carried away with a relationship that I’m not good enough for, that can only end up hurting this person that I’m actually in love with-”
that specific thing that Tony did… That thing he’d never quite been able to put his finger on before now, that
– but not objectified. He knew that everything Tony was doing right now was for himself, that he was entirely beyond thinking about Steve’s experience, that this was all just an expression of his own desperation… And Steve knew it was
know that this is going to be a long term thing, and that there’s a lot of stuff I’ll have to do tomorrow… and the next day, and the next day…” Tony explained, almost talking to himself. “But… I don’t know…
to just be happy with that… Pathetically nursing those seemingly meaningless, purely personal little victories,
And, already, Steve knew something was wrong. He could hear it, in those two little syllables – something was different, or…
It felt like a physical release, rather than an emotional breakdown. There was a purity to the catharsis of it, a simplicity to it…
That he was obviously expecting to be interrupted and judged and second-guessed. That this was all a defence against the accusations that Tony naturally assumed were coming…
“Well, we need to work out whether the missing people are still here” He said, in his most Captain America voice. “And we should probably try to work out who’s running this place, and if there’s something else going on…”
go with option two… whatever the logic of it, he just felt in his heart that he had to tell Tony what he really thought, that no mission was more important than that…
It had taken at least an hour for Steve to convince himself that these things hadn’t happened - and at least another hour after that, for him to really believe that…there was nothing…
Without that practiced mantra of self control and self sacrifice, there was nothing standing between Steve and his darker thoughts. Nothing to pull him back from being furious over every injustice he’d ever suffered through. All at once, he was so angry at so many people, angry at hundreds of thousands of people that he’d never even known, angry at the whole damn world.
him… a few days when Tony wouldn’t be able to leave every room Steve walked into…he’d thought, maybe, even that might help break down some of the tension.
Steve felt his hands curl into fists, his shoulders squaring, every muscle in his legs bracing to push him up from his knees-
of what was going on – enough for Bucky to immediately recognise and understand the puddle he’d just found Steve in. Steve bit back a little giggle, thinking back to last… Saturday, was it? Bucky bursting into Steve’s room, clearly prepped to force Steve into an awkward and angsty conversation that neither of them
And God he wanted Tony. In such a simple, primal way… His whole body was trying to lean towards him, his fingers flexing against Tony’s skin, however hard Steve tried to stay still.
He could so clearly picture Bucky’s face… And, with it, all the stories that Steve had shared about him, and that warmth that Tony associated with him now, and that desperate pang of injustice at what was happening to him
Initially, actually meeting Steve had inspired a conflict in Tony - a sudden interest in dismantling this reaction, now that he had to deal with it on a daily basis, coming up against a fresh wave of terror, now that this thing was right in front of him… Wanting to know, because he was scared. Not wanting to know, because he was scared.
That every objective detail really did back him up on this – that he could honestly say he’d worked this out, as much as felt it.
their investigating before the whole place started fucking – but Captain America was a grown up about these things, and – “If you think they don’t start adding this stuff until later-”
Trying to imagine every possible outcome; picturing what might happen if Tony was angry at him or upset by what Steve had told him or… maybe what might happen if this
sort of relationship, really… I’ve never really asked myself about any of this, at all. But, I mean… I don’t
fed up with people telling me you weren’t wrong for lying to me,” And he put out his right hand, palm up, like one side of a scale, “because you might’ve been right about something else.” And he held out his other hand, the other side of this scale that didn’t balance, and frowned, faux confused. “On the one hand,
to… Although, who knew whether Steve would stay there anyway. Maybe he had his own long-term plans to be getting on with. Maybe he didn’t trust Tony enough to take him up on that offer. Maybe he’d sensed the distress of a baby deer half a mile across the snowy wilderness, and had set out alone in the storm to help-
have to get there. You’ve been bitching at me to leave the house for twenty years, and now I’m going to – and it’ll be
There was a sort of mass confusion in him, as every instinct panicked at once. His body didn’t know whether to soften or tense, whether to melt into this or push up against it. He just
And then his voice cracked into a low, keening groan, his hips jerking sharply as he came hard over Steve’s thighs.
result in a confident, immovable feeling of love like this - if anything, didn’t the purity of his affection for Steve suggest something… more than human?
“I’m sorry that I didn’t do more to help you then – that I didn’t just do less to wind you up” Tony raced on, like he was worried he’d run out of words before he got through it all. “That I didn’t think about
Tony froze under the intensity of Steve’s gaze. That one second stretched out between them, the rest of the world fading out of existence as Tony surrendered to his most basic instincts. His ribs seized, his throat tightened – if he didn’t know better, he’d swear he could feel his heart racing.
, the seemingly endless cycle of reminding himself to pay attention and then reminding himself that he didn’t have to pay attention, the constant effort of letting go of his constant efforts…
A dip in his stomach, like you feel at the crest of a rollercoaster, as he felt Tony take the weight of the case.
“Well, they aren’t slaves” Tony muttered, stepping back from the edge again and looking around the room. And then his eyes fell on a little black panel, built into the railing. “…Ah-ha.”
...But still, it was a thought for later. Something that might provide some meaningful contemplation, when he was up to it.
that I ran a deep dive on all of SHIELDs files on that helicarrier, in 2012?” He clarified, not for the first time. Steve just nodded,
“Okay, okay,” Tony soothed. “First things first, let’s get you to a hospital…” He fished his phone out of his pocket, texting a very hasty message to Happy, telling him to pull up as close as he could-
And then, as the last of the aftershocks had finally trembled through him, and his muscles at last settled into their resting place, one single voice spoke up very clearly through the haze.
He was scared to death of telling Tony how he really felt anyway – scared of the potential rejection, scared of screwing it up, scared of losing what little they had already.
In that moment, everything seemed to make so much more sense. It made everything Captain America ever did seem so much more impressive, thinking that it had really just been a human being at the centre of it all. It made all the impossible things about Steve seem so much more accessible, more relatable, thinking that it was all someone that Tony knew…
He tried to picture it as a panel in the comic books. A boldly outlined drawing of him, lying there in yesterdays clothes, with all
it, and – “I was in love with you a long time before I even knew you were a vampire, before there was any ‘effect’. I know that. It was just love, it
“Well, where you actually are is a planet we call New Eden – for obvious reasons.” And Dev flicked through a few more images, of unspoiled tropical bays under sparking mauve skies, and vast green meadows full of unfamiliar flowers. “The founder of The Facility is actually from earth, and I kid you not, his name actually
Tony relaxed into it for a moment, briefly overwhelmed by the heavy heat of Steve’s lips, over-sensitive tremors still sparking all over his body.
Steve wasn’t even sure if Tony had told him to lie down. He didn’t remember thinking about it. He was only barely aware of what he was actually doing, as he rushed to lie out flat against the sheets, his arms already reaching up towards the headboard-
Tony had been forced to take a few moments to calm himself, all too aware of the thoughts he was trying to smother. There was maybe a second or two where he might have capitulated and found himself right back in the same toxic cycles again-
Tony waited until he heard the locks slot into place behind her, and then he let his weight fall against the wall, and groaned.
Just looking at him filled Tony with such a pure, perfect happiness that he couldn’t stand still. He had to find something to do with this sudden rush of feeling.
know I should’ve done all those things, now, it seems so obvious now, and I can’t explain what I was thinking then, just that I did really try to… do the
...He hated himself for immediately comparing it to Peppers reaction, and so easily seeing the difference.
He still hadn’t moved beyond his improper - possibly unethical - focus on Steve’s needs, but he’d finally started to
Tony kept his eyes locked on Steve, watching that same childish glee rise up in Steve’s face as he brought the marker pen to the wallpaper again-
, he didn’t look at you the whole time you were there?” Bucky sat up again, an exaggerated frown on his face. “You both just stood and stared at each other for a full minute when we first arrived.”
“Your family – through a series of complicated and unfortunate events, whatever – but they ‘ended up’ kidnapping a group of government troops. And your father – for understandable and altruistic reasons, you think – is the one that came up with the drugs to do that. And your mother, and your brother, decided to turn them into slaves… working on your fathers research?”
life. No one would be able to snatch this new identity or this new timeline or this new chance away from him. Not after today.
“Tony” He smiled – and then, in a bright, shiny burst of sudden inspiration, he added “You should join us for breakfast.”
And, with that, Tony realised that Steve wasn’t some incomprehensible concept or mythical creature. That he
“No,” Steve answered – far too quickly. “And, anyway, I’m not going to fuck your new doctor. Not after it took us this long to find someone.”
“Yeah, I’m okay,” Tony answered, his voice unnaturally light… Steve felt an immediate pang of alarm.
just a… better idea, that you started off feeling uncomfortable with? I know that… a lot’s happened. And I know there’s a lot I don’t know, and I’m not trying to tell you anything about your life – this is me just saying, about…
And then, just as Tony’s lungs were starting to burn, he heard Steve make a panicked, begging attempt at his name. He’s legs braced rigid against Tony’s hands, his voice tightening to a strangled cry, his back arching off of the bed-
And Steve found he was surprisingly…relaxed, about having said it. Just… pleased that it seemed to be the answer Dev was looking for, really…
“Are you…okay?” Steve asked, softly. Tony felt it set every bone in his body on edge… because it sounded
,” he smiled awkwardly, feeling as though he’d taken another step towards land when Tony smiled back. “And, I mean, I don’t want to ruin what we have either - because I like what we have. I like the time I spend with you… and I’m not expecting anything more than that. But, you know,
“I’m not going to be an Avenger, am I?” Stape barked, the gun still fixed on Steve’s chest. “I don’t
saccharine love story and feel all weepy about it… Some of his favourite passages were simply Dimitri extoling his consort’s virtues, and outlining all his plans to please her, and delighting in the overwhelming joy of being bonded to her – just because they were lovely.
“…And I never think of the holocaust, because it wasn’t being frozen for seventy years or breaking up the Avengers, or facing Thanos… I never think to add the war to that list of…
And then Tony shifted, and moved Steve’s arms so that they were lying more comfortably against the pillows, and then fixed Steve with a more serious look.
Steve could hear the way that Tony’s breath caught. He could feel Tony breaking down into more frenetic, jagged motions, just as his own control was beginning to crack. The waves of pleasure began to sharpen into something more urgent, almost painful in its intensity.
Steve’s lips were still pursed in amazed pleasure, his limbs thrown carelessly at his sides, his body still heaving with exertion and sheened in sweat. His eyes were hooded and still unfocused, glowing icy blue under the warm afternoon light. There was still an awed whimper in every breath he took.
’d him gently, and dropped to kiss him very softly as he carefully encouraged Steve to part his legs.
what it had all been for. That everything he’d ever been through, however unfair or unnecessary it seemed at the time, had led him here.
Gary wouldn’t have known anything about it. He wouldn’t have had time to notice the sound, or the way Steve threw his own head back and out of range of the gas. The second the glass broke, Gary swooned against the wall, out cold.
,” he cut himself short with an irritated hiss when he saw that he’d hit the worktop hard enough to knock over one of the decorative jars, that a puddle of sparkling liquid was slowly growing on the surface beneath it-
, obviously,” Tony huffed. “But no, it’s just… There’s some stuff I want to talk to both of you about, that’s all.”
Why thinking about this in a minute would be any better than thinking about it now. What good could come of distancing himself from it or rationalising it or rewriting it…
be angry, why Sam should expect him to be stoic and inspirational right now, why Steve should have to put Sam’s feelings before his own…
“Oh Christ Steve, you feel so good, you are so good-” Tony panted, his voice hoarse and raw, thrusting into Steve more sharply and sending a shock right through to the tip of his cock.
That he couldn’t judge a crime more harshly, simply because it had affected him personally, or because it happened to have hurt him more…
In fact, his attention had been snagged by the tone that Tony had slipped into at the end - the sharp edge on his sentences, the hint of genuine bitterness when he mocked the original plan to post Hydra’s files online…
With that, Steve had suddenly found himself coming to sit on the floor with a bump, tears already sliding down his face, his breath hitching uncomfortably in his throat.
Apparently this was something he’d been desperate to say, a burden that had laid heavy over him for so long that he’d forgotten it was there-
I got to thinking about why you never say it” Tony powered through. “You know, if there might be some alternative to this ‘Steve Just Thinks He’s God’ theory that I’d
Steve felt the absence against his skin like a cold burn, his entire body trembling as Tony kissed him again, once, very softly. Steve’s cock ached under the unmoving pressure of him, his hands flinching against an instinct to grab him. It was a basic, automatic reaction, it should have been impossible to fight…
“Oh, me neither,” Steve reassured him, when he finally worked out what Tony was talking about. “It’s a serum thing…”
That was all he had, all there was, and it was going to be agony when it wasn’t enough… but he’d done it. He’d given up on everything, and now, as well as feeling miserable and guilty, he did at least feel completely and totally spent…
“Oh, right, that… the update, yeah,” Steve murmured, some of the tension returning to his shoulders as he reached up to rub the sleep from his eyes. “An hour…”
“So, what was the big mistake?” Tony asked, his voice numb and flat, his eyes still locked in the middle distance.
Tony didn’t even know if that had made everything better – he was so overwhelmed, he’d completely forgotten the list of grievances he’d been studying for months. He couldn’t remember what their political disagreements were, or what issues underpinned them…
make laws for anyone, actually – so you sure as hell wouldn’t see me trying to alter the entire eco-system of planet earth, you hypocritical, egotistical, maniacal
Bucky pulled a stool out from under the island in the centre of the kitchen, and sat with his weight resting on the counter. For a few minutes he simply watched as Tony made the food, not thinking much of anything, feeling generally content-
His hands sliding over Steve’s hips, and caressing over his thighs, pulling the fabric of Steve’s pants hard over the outline of his cock.
far down Tony’s order of mental priorities at the moment – and he really only had the capacity to deal with one thing at a time anyway…
