Silently, he walked out the open door and onto the balcony. A large oak tree grew close to the house. The broad limbs and leaves giving shade to the house from the heat. It was a warm night but the moon was nigh. It was so dark that Sherlock could barely see more than a few feet in front of him. Carefully he crawled up on to the railing and reached out for closest limb. He had to do this one handed since he still held the vase in his other hand. If he missed, he would crash to the ground, right in front of the guard – probably with a broken bone or two.
“No reason to call in your attack dogs, Mycroft. I sincerely doubt I will ever see Captain John Watson again.” Sherlock slipped the file under his coat. He would read it later, when he was alone.
“Sorry, John . . . I just saw the two alphas trying to get in there. I don’t know what they thought they could accomplish with three of you but I wanted to be sure you’re . . . safe. Do you have your sidearm?”
“Very good.” Greg said as he looked at the lot numbers listed on the side of the boxes. “Go out and have the other coppers search the whole warehouse. There’s twelve here but we’re missing thirty boxes in all.” At almost three thousand quid a box, the crooks had gotten away with over eighty-five thousand pounds worth of cigarettes.
The two alphas ran up the stairs to the nursery. Sherlock gave the room a cursory look before he rushed to the attic access hole. He cupped his hands and Moran stepped into them. Sherlock lifted the man up just as they heard the sound of running feet coming up the stairs. Moran pushed the cover aside and pulled himself up into the attic. Sherlock leaped up and grabbed the edge of the frame. He pulled himself up and quickly slide the cover back over.
He cleaned every surface in the kitchen. He washed the dishes and put them away. He cleaned out the refrigerator and threw out anything that looked dodgy. He stored the supplies away. Then he got down on his hands and knees and scrubbed the floor. After four hours the kitchen was military clean.
“You went shopping?” John asked surprised. In the months they had been sharing the flat, Sherlock never offered to do the shopping.
The smaller schooner had taken most of the first volley of cannon fire. It had a gaping hole in the side of the ship. Several men on the small vessel were struggling to put out fires and the ship, itself, was listing to port.
“You are becoming tedious. If you have any actual evidence to question us further, then have us arrested and brought in. Of course, we will insist on legal representation, though, before questioning. If not, you are asked to leave.” Sherlock said authoritatively.
“Yes, a friend of mine.” Sherlock said. Then he noticed that the expression on John Watson’s face wasn’t the normal repulsion Sherlock was used to but actual curiosity. “Well, I say friend . . . we weren’t close.”
“It can be noted that my brother is acquainted with numerous individuals including several members of the extended royal family.” Mycroft said tapping the tip of his umbrella on the carpet.
Anger swept through John. How dare the detective show this to Sherlock without warning him first? John stepped forward and placed a comforting hand on the small of Sherlock’s back. But the omega didn’t acknowledge it. Instead, he moved slowly towards the bed. Carefully walking around, looking at the carpet then the bedding, before finally looking at the victim.
Sherlock handed the scissors to John. John took them and finished cutting the bottom off his t-shirt.
John thought about James during those long and lonely months he was in the hospital. He thought about what he would say to James. He wondered if James would be happy to hear from him or angry. There had been no word from his unit. He hadn’t heard from anyone in Sangin. It hurt. John felt so very alone. After one incredibly difficult afternoon when he fell twice because of his weak leg, John realized he would never speak to James again. He knew he wouldn’t marry James when he was healthy and had a future as a soldier. Now that he had neither, he refused to be a burden on the man.
“Sherlock and I bonded during my heat! You can’t break that!” John panted out as he tried to wiggle away from Moran’s assault of his neck.
“The capt’n? Nothing other than he is a stickler for keep’n the place clean and makes me study my letters.”
“Show me John. I want to see John. Prove to me he is with you and you will let him go.” Sherlock gritted out between clenched teeth.
“Is that what you say to yourself to make yourself feel better about Detective Lestrade?” Sherlock finally turned and glared at his brother.
John’s mouth curled down in frown as he stared daggers at Sherlock. The dark haired boy suddenly realized he might have said something wrong. His eyes shifted as he studied John’s attitude and position.
“Sounds like a narcissist.” John said unable to imagine someone willing to be openly visible while plotting a murder.
“It’s not what you think.” Sherlock said as he prepared himself for John to start to remove the projectile.
Mycroft also noticed John was hold his upper body at an odd angle. He had been shot recently. Shot in the shoulder. There had been an illness afterwards, probably an infection that had zapped the once health robust captain into the convalescing individual he saw before him now.
“I’ve come to take my darling home,” Victor said in a cold calculating voice. He held out his hand. “Come along. You’ve kept me waiting long enough.”
Sir Henry Baskerville stepped forward, raising a perfumed hand. “But, my king, what about Scotland and Gordon. We can’t allow our troops to be overrun by the barbarian.”
Moran looked the man’s uniform over carefully. The shirt and trousers were army issue but the boots were too nice. Too new. The other two men were also dressed in military clothing but from two separate units.
“I’m sorry, sir, but I was surprised to see him here. I mean I saw him last night at the club and here he is this morning. What happened?” John asked as he realized he had made a terrible mistake in front of his professor. The man prided himself on his detachment from his patients.
John’s hand cupped Sherlock’s cheek as he leaned over the man to whisper in his ear. Mycroft was sitting quietly in the corner and John didn’t want the man to hear him threaten his brother.
“Elizabeth? Oh yes, Lady Smallwood.” Culverton smiled again. Mycroft hated hearing her name from his lips. “She was just a means to an end.”
“My king,” Mycroft started. “Spring will warm soon and you will find London, and even England quite pleasant and temperate.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and huffed out in annoyance. “Traumatic indeed. As if I would be concerned about people I share DNA with.”
“He needs correction. Is it my fault that you and your family failed him? To make him respectful and compliant.”
“I told you that weren’t me. That was Moriarty, the bastard.” Frankie hissed. “It wasn’t my orders. He did it on ‘is own. Thought I wouldn’t catch on.”
“You cooperate with the doctors here and you go through rehabilitation and I will allow you to leave here in four months.”
“His brother found him in a crack house. He was overdosing again. Mycroft got him to hospital and before Sherlock woke up, Mycroft had established a conservatorship. Sherlock is not his own person anymore. Mycroft had Sherlock locked up in a rehab and it took me weeks to find him. After he went through the course three times, Mycroft let him leave with the understanding that if he miss stepped once, Sherlock would be lock-up again and this time there would be no repeal.”
Mycroft sat waiting, wondering if Sherlock would die before he could finally help him. Before he would save him. Mycroft never felt more useless than he did in that moment. More useless than he felt standing next to his parents open grave, not knowing what to do next. More useless than he felt when he saw his nine-year-old brother frightened and alone in a hospital bed.
Greg laughed sourly. “I am capable of solving crimes without you. It was the cigarette robbery. It turned out to be a major smuggling ring.”
John reviewed the list of things Sherlock had asked him to do before John’s heat is to start. He had stopped taking the suppressants and now he was to get supplies. The last heat John had was almost twenty years ago. He remember the frustration and fevers. How incredibly thirsty he was. He knew he was going to have to get a case of bottled water in the flat before the week was out. Then he thought he should probably get two since this heat Sherlock would be with him. As he rode the Tube to work at the clinic, John made a list of the things he would need to buy on his way home that day. He also needed to tell Sarah that he needed time off. When she asked why, John balked for a moment. John looks down at the floor. He remembers the numerous conversations he had had with Sarah when they were dating.
John grabbed Sherlock off the deck and rushed to the railing. Together to the two men leaped over and onto the other ship. John was immediately attacked. He quickly parried with his sword. Beating the other pirate back. Sherlock picked a sword up off the deck and started to expertly wheel it. He ducked and swiveled avoiding every strike against him. He pushed men back and towards the far side of the ship and the British sailors.
“John!” James shouted. He knew he was losing control. He could feel his future slipping through his fingers like water. “Please, listen to me. I know this is a shock to you, but you had to know how I felt. And I know you felt the same way.”
Slowly Mycroft stood and faced his brother. He tugged gently on his waistcoat and seemed to compose himself.
A moment later the door opened and the young woman came in. She was wearing a royal blue pencil skirt and white oxford blouse. Around her slender neck was a single strand of pearls. Although conservatively dressed, it was still a splash of color that was uncommon in the office.
Greg smiled knowingly. “Yeah, I did. Strangely enough you and your friend, Major James Sholto were both discharged for medical reasons a few months before we started getting reports of well-organized and executed heists.”
He walked pass the first sitting room and went to a door further down the hallway. He opened it to see Irene Adler sitting in a chair. The woman who had opened the door the first time, was kneeling – naked on the floor, before Irene. The woman’s black broadcloth dress was tossed over the back of a chair.
Sherlock cocked his head back. He lowered the gun. “John knows about my brother Mycroft. Anything you need to say to me you can say in front of John.”
“My contact? He came into A&E with a concussion. I didn’t seek him out. I didn’t go looking for him. He let me know he didn’t want me to return to him. He didn’t want me around! I didn’t try and contact him! He was a patient! Only a patient!” John shouted. “And if you really gave a damn about your brother, you would be happy I was there. I took better care of him than you ever did. I never let him get beat up or knowingly let him get addicted to drugs. As brothers go, Mycroft, you’re shite.”
A quick sharp smile came and went from Mycroft’s face. He winced at the pain it caused. Mycroft lightly touched the side of his noise.
He was three blocks away from the building where Sherlock lived when he noticed the dark saloon driving beside him slowly. John glanced over and thought immediately it was Ryan sent to pick him up and take him back to the St. Bart’s. John didn’t hesitate when he opened the back door and slipped into the leather seats.
“There is not enough money in the world that you could pay him to agree to bond you to the Holmes.” Sherlock said believing his brother would surly stop this madness.
“Less than halfway through, it quit being rugby and turned into a free-for-all. It was great fun. Hadn’t laughed that hard since . . .” John’s words died away.
John found work at a coffee shop just off campus. He came home every day smelling of dark roasted coffee beans and cream. John would bring in the day old bake goods from the shop and eat them for dinner. After about five weeks, John came in with the usual paper sack of slightly stale biscuits and muffins, and an apprehensive look on his face. He ducked his face so Sherlock couldn’t see his eyes. John immediately went into the kitchen and made two cups of tea. He placed the baked goods on a plate and brought them out with the mug of tea; setting both the plate and the tea beside Sherlock. The dark haired boy looked at the food then up at John who had taken his normal seat on the couch, ducking his face again.
“What? When I was discharged?” John blinked confused for a moment. “I’m sure you have already checked with the army.”
For a brief moment, he imagined a life with Sherlock. Coming home to the beautiful and enigmatic omega. The two of them sharing evenings where Greg would describe his day and Sherlock would hang on every word from him. The pale and lanky omega wrapping himself around Greg’s body in bed. Then later, pups with dark curls and silver eyes calling Greg father. It was Greg’s fantasy. To be bonded to Sherlock.
“Why are you doing this to me?” John didn’t look up. He buried his face into his hands. “Do you enjoy hurting me?”
“I’m offended by anyone who thinks I’m for sale. I’m not. But I am willing to have coffee with someone who would like to be my friend.” Greg said smoothly.
Victor Trevor lay on the bed. He ached and his mind was foggy. He wasn’t sure how long he had been there. He wasn’t even sure where he was. It had blurred together from one nightmare into another. He remembered going out and meeting his new friend at the club. He remembered the night and dancing. The colored lights and the music. He remember drinking and Jim giving him as much cocaine as he wanted. Victor was happy. He was enjoying himself. Jim brought him a drink. It tasted like pineapples, then nothing. From that point on, his memories swirled together into a nightmarish haze.
“He cared, but he was afraid. He thought you were going to die. He thought you were going to abandon him too.”
“I’m what? A doctor? Yes I am, but I’m also the second in command at this base until you got back here. Given my rank, it was decided by Lieutenant Colonel Bennett, to have me take the men out. I’ve already done it half a dozen times. Given what happened on my first mission, he thought I was capable of taking care of a squad.”
“I didn’t realize there were any offers. Besides, I don’t think the middle of a war is the best place for romance.”
John let go of Sherlock’s elbow and Sherlock immediately missed the contact. He felt adrift and wished John would just reach out and grab him again. Save him from drowning. Instead John frowned and went to look at the collage on the wall.
Sherlock opened his eyes again and reached across the sheets. The opposite side of the bed was empty. The sheets were cool to the touch.
“Just as I thought.” John felt a familiarity to the situation. He paused to wonder how long it had been since they had had a similar conversation. How many years had passed since John worried about Sherlock? He turned and addressed the nurse. “Two units of Ringers with a glucose push.”
“I would have thought you would be the no show. I mean your – fiancé told you not to come,” John sounded patronizing.
John rolled his spine and pushed further into the wet heat. Sherlock felt wonderful. The perfect sleeve for John’s cock. Tight and hot. Slick gushed out of the man and eased the way. John started to rock more intently. Pushing himself deeper. Slowly, Sherlock picked up the rhythm and started moving with John, driving the alpha deeper into his body. Their scents grew and the room became saturated with the combined smells.
“Sherlock, it’s time to go. I’ll make sure you are here when he wakes up. But right now, I need to take care of you. You are what is important now.”
Morelly could see the anxiety in the man’s face. He liked Watson. The young recruit worked hard and never flinched at any duty. Morelly thought for a moment then frowned. He was breaking regulations.
“Look, I don’t know who you think you are, but Watson didn’t call you. I know the for a fact.” Dimmit raised his voice.
John stepped forward his gun still trained on the dead man on the floor. Sherlock stood up and rushed over to John.
There is the sound of an explosion. The communication room stills. Everyone’s eyes are fixed on the radio.
“See where sentiment has gotten, brother.” Mycroft gloated. “Another visit to hospital. Cracked ribs. Broken bones. Bruised face. It is a good thing our parents are dead. They would be terrified to see you right now. When will you learn that sentiment is a flaw? A weakness?”
John was bunked with the other captain at the base, Mayfield. Their tent was near the communication building and the constant hum of the swamp cooler became something like a white noise machine to the two men. At zero-five-hundred, John was already dressed and waiting in the briefing room for Sholto and other men. Slowly, the soldiers filed into the room. Some taking a seat on the benches, while others hung back and looked curiously at John. There were whispers and questioning looks. At zero-five-thirty, Sholto came into the room – coffee cup in his hand. He immediately noticed John standing near the front of the room. Sholto was taken back that John not only was there before him but appeared relax and attentive. No sign of the usual anxiety of a new soldier in a combat zone.
Dimmit turned his attention to Sherlock. “He reserved this room. He was found here with the dead body. And he has no alibi.”
John cleaned the wound again with betadine, then poured a clotting agent into the wound. He carefully stitched the wound close again. Then gave the child an injection of a broad-spectrum antibiotic. As John wrapped the child’s leg in bandaged he spoke to Henn who translated for him.
“Wait, let me understand – if you figure out who was running the criminal network, then Mycroft will quit telling what to do?” asked John.
“I can’t tell you how much I missed you all. I was really out of it until after they got me to Dempsey Barracks. I was heavily sedated for two weeks. When I woke up and they told me . . . they told me I was going to be discharged . . .” John bowed his head. “I’m sorry. I should have notified you. Let you know I was being cut loose.”
“And I know I love you. And we won’t hurt each other because we would rather hurt ourselves than each other.” Sherlock twisted and placed a kiss in the palm of John’s hand.
“You obviously saw them. Why did you remain? Did you think I was foolish enough to carry on a conversation with you within earshot of two members of Scotland Yard?” Sherlock asked as he reached for the coffee cup. He took a tentative sip, testing the temperature. Finding it reasonable to drink, he took another larger sip, letting the coffee and cream cover over his tongue.
McMath leaned further and lightly dragged his lips up Sherlock’s neck then closed his teeth over the tender skin under his ear.
“The idiot. To be taken alive – and with Van Coons! I want them dead! Kill them before they make York.”
“Honestly, Seb, you scared the shite out of us . . . I’ve got two enlisted in there rushing to get dressed for combat.”
John looked up over Sherlock’s body as he nestled between the man’s legs. Sherlock’s mercurial eyes were watching John intensely. Their black orbs blown wide and open. Sherlock’s dark lips were parted as he breathed in. Letting their combined scents coat his tongue. A pale pink blush colored Sherlock’s sharp cheeks, as his brow wrinkled slightly with desperation. Sherlock looked like a fallen angel to John, wanton and beautiful. Offering and yet unattainable.
John stepped out into the scorching heat of the day and walked across the packed dirt of the compound to a narrow set of steps that led down into a partial buried complex of corrugated steel and prefab walls. Opening the door to the building, led one into a warren of rooms and hallways. Vinyl flooring had been laid down on the dirt floors. And doors to the rooms were often nothing more than blankets or curtains.
John’s crew had already pulled the lines and the sails were lowering when John and the men ran up the gangplank and made it to the deck. The ship was moving away from the dock when the first cannon ball sailed over the ship.
Moran cleared his throat and spat on his hard cock. The omega was already slick in anticipation but there was something primeval in marking the omega internally. He smeared the spittle over the throbbing length and lined himself up. James push back, welcoming the cock into his body. He gave a low seductive groan as Moran pushed into the omega. James clawed at the sheets. His body giving over the alpha’s control.
“Because . . .” The first tear streaked down John’s face. He fought against his emotions as he quickly wiped it away. “Because he wasn’t you.”
James leaned forward and kissed John’s forehead, but John didn’t respond to it. Slowly, he kissed John’s cheek then moved to John’s mouth.
“Yeah, he’s in here.” John stepped closer but the PC held out his hand and stopped John. “I need to ask you a few questions first."
“Okay.” John said distracted as he turned and read the file while limping down the hall on his cane.
Sherlock glared at her and raised his chin in defiance of her meddling but realized if she hadn’t called John and if John hadn’t come out to confront him, then Sherlock would be halfway back to Montague street by now. Sherlock smiled at her and skipped down the stairs.
The other men of the squad were getting out of the vehicle. Murry and Blackwood stepped closer and asked John if he needed help getting out.
“By accident?” Mike asked raising his eyebrows into his hairline. “What? You were running through the flat and crashed into him and locked lips. Or were you practicing mouth to mouth and sucked instead blew?”
2005       It started awkwardly with that single kiss on Sherlock’s cheek. Their relationship didn’t exactly move forward as much as sideways. John moved into the flat on Montague Street. The first few days had been clumsy but the two men learned quickly how to move around each other and started living together comfortably. John found Sherlock’s couch to be quite comfortable and Sherlock was good about letting John use his chemistry equipment for studying. John got use to Sherlock’s odd hours and being woken up by the sound of the man playing his violin. He tolerated when Sherlock wouldn’t speak for days on end. Sherlock got use to John’s instance on finding a job to earn enough money to pay for half the rent even though he never insisted on it.
Sherlock’s thin lips pulled back and John saw an honest smile. A real smile on the man’s face. It made his heart actually skip a beat. He hadn’t wanted anyone as much as he wanted the man standing before him.
Mycroft glanced passed the woman to the man standing behind her. He saw the rumbled suit and the brown hair streaked prematurely with grey.
“And that would be my job to determine.” Greg Lestrade said as he held out his warrant card for the doctor and the orderlies to see.
John felt the return of burning hatred for the dead man. Sherlock glanced away but John’s hand tipped Sherlock’s face back.
Barr and Blackwood immediately starting fighting the other men. Kicks and punches were thrown. There was blood and grunts as clenched fist connected with jaws. Two men attacked Barr. The big black man easily tossed one man off the quay and into the water. The second man came at Barr with a knife. Barr stared at the blade for a moment then grabbed a length of rope. He wrapped several turns around his forearm to protect it then let the rest of the rope trail out two feet. He spun it back and forth like a whip on either side of his body. Then he flicked his wrist out and the rope wrapped around the wrist holding the knife. The attacker struggled to free his hand and wrist form the rope – not paying attention to Barr. Barr’s big meat fist crashed into the man’s face. The sound of cracking teeth and breaking bones was obvious.
James Sholto came through the door. The barrel of John’s gun pointed at the man’s head as he stepped into the flat. John slowly lowered the barrel as James gave him a sideways glance.
“Thank you.” Mycroft took the note and nodded his head. Opening the note, Mycroft found a keycard and a handwritten note.
John was sitting in the car with Sherlock. The engine was running. John pressed the button on the mic. “Alpha two, thank you alpha one. Alpha two out.”
Sherlock thought he was going to be sick. He wanted to throw up. Pushing himself to his hands and knees and waited, but nothing came out. He shivered on the cold floor.
“Hello?” John answered. “Yeah, I remember . . . Oh that sounds great. Tonight?” John was smiling and Sherlock didn’t like it. “Yeah, I’ll see you there . . . ta.” John disconnected the call and looked up at Sherlock. “I’ve got a date tonight.”
Sherlock watched as another man pushed the first man aside, and then took his place. His thrusts were more rapid. More demanding. The woman gasped and tried to move away, but the brut held her in place. She groaned and it was obvious she was not enjoying it anymore.
“Moriarty used John once but John is not close to me now. He wouldn’t even register on Moriarty’s horizon.”
James followed John down the steps and out of the building. They walked to where James had parked his car. James grabbed the door handle and opened the driver’s door. Neither man saw the two assailants come out of the shadows. One man brought a blackjack down hard on the side of John’s head. The soldier only registered the sensation of pain before he blacked out.
“For now but what afterwards? What would he want to do once he learned he couldn’t find answers in Jamacia? He would want you to take him to England and you would take him – regardless of the danger for you.”
Neither man noticed the door open behind them or the frightened woman emerge from the ground floor flat.
It was simple. Sherlock would meet with Jim Moriarty in a coffee shop just off of Covent Gardens. Sherlock would be wearing a wire and get Moriarty to confess to a criminal act. Then the police would be notified and Moriarty would be arrested. Simple. John was hating it.
Sherlock forced himself to not react to the statement. He wanted to scream . . . to lash out, but he couldn’t. Not yet and not at John.
The police had collected John’s clothing and shoes and were presently going through his flat for any additional evidence. He was standing in the hospital room, wearing a pair of scrubs he had borrowed from the physicians’ lounge. A pair of hospital house slippers were on his feet.
Sherlock’s body jerked from John’s touch. Sherlock’s eyes scanned over John’s face and honesty he saw there.
“If you ever met the brother you would understand too. Besides, I felt like I owed the kid something. I used my credentials the first time to get in to see him. He looked like shit. He was down to less than nine stone. His clothes just hung on him and his skin was tight over his skeleton. He was chain smoking.”
“You shouldn’t be disappointed, Gregory. Sherlock would have been an inappropriate mate for you.” Mycroft said.
“I only wish to help you. It isn’t as if you hadn’t purchased information about powerful people before. Consider this another transaction without compensation.”
“In that case, I believe today I will be Anthea.” She smiled again as she started to pack up the unopened containers of food.
“Does your friend need blood?” John asked wondering how he could infuse a unit of blood in the field.
The final image of John pressing himself into Sherlock’s body sent the omega over the edge. Sherlock’s own release blended with the cheap shampoo in his palm. Sherlock’s scent blended with John’s in the enclosed shower making a rich and heady perfume. Sherlock felt dizzy. He slid down the tile wall and collapsed on the floor of the shower. The hot water still spraying down on him. Sherlock took a moment to relish the sensation of a climax. He so very rarely allowed himself this diversion, but at this very moment he didn’t remember why.
John pushed Greg off himself and ran across the pavement to Sherlock’s fallen body. Blood appeared to be soaking his shirt and pooling underneath him. John grabbed Sherlock’s body and pulled it into his lap. He placed his fingers on Sherlock’s neck and tried to find a pulse. The pale silver-blue eyes were open and staring blankly up at the sky. A small trail of blood left the corner of Sherlock’s mouth and slipped down his cheek.
Sherlock pulled the thermometer from his mouth before he spoke. “I tried to warn you but you shoved this in my gullet.”
Moriarty held his hand out and one the men standing to the side of him, placed a revolver in the out stretched palm. Moriarty’s fingers closed naturally around the grip and he twisted it up to look at the blued metal.
Without hesitation, John went around the bar and grabbed two squat ‘double old fashion’ glasses. He walked over to Frankie’s table and hopped up onto the dais. He sat down as Frankie held out the bottle and poured John a glass of the amber liquid.
The urine drug test came back positive of heron and opioids. John injected the young man with a syringe of naloxone, the heron antagonist. Within minutes the boy’s breathing improved and heart rate returned to normal.
“As you enjoyed telling me for the entire time I was with Victor. He is not worth the time or effort.” Sherlock sneered and looked away again.
Sherlock spun around and saw his mate leaning against the door frame. He put his violin down on the desk and rushed across the small space to John.
He worked silently and Sherlock watched him. John was more compact now. Muscles were present where there used to be soft pliant skin. Sherlock could see the lines around John’s eyes that hadn’t been there before. His round baby face had hardened and taken on a weariness that was more than the seven years since they had seen each other. John’s soft blonde hair was now flecked with grey. Too much grey for his thirty-five years. Sherlock wondered if the war had aged John so much or had it been John’s time with him.
“Yes, Wiggins was younger than Sherlock and was responsible for some of Sherlock’s more destructive behavior.”
“Such work can be . . . wearisome. Especially if you’ve been on your knees scrubbing the decks. I’m sure your shoulders must be sore.”
James and Cullen were supposed to be on duty. They were nowhere around. John followed the trail of blood across the deck to a concealed area under the stairs. In the limited light he could see the boots of someone crammed  into the space. John rushed forward and knelt over the body.
“The topic is moot, James. Now why did you get me out of bed so early this morning?” John said as he smeared the beans around the plate with a piece of sausage stuck to his fork.
Sherlock rose with incredible speed and grace. He rapidly grabbed Mycroft’s wrist and twisted. The man grunted and turned as his arm was rotated up and behind his back. Mycroft hissed as Sherlock shoved him forward and into the edge of the door jam. The wooden corner bruising the alpha’s pale skin.
“Sherlock! I am not jesting. You will not see John Watson again. If you do, I will consider it a slip of your sobriety. I will send you back!” Mycroft’s face was beginning to redden.
“John, if you are going to lie, you will need to learn how to look someone in the eye while you do it.” Sherlock said coolly. John didn’t answer him. “I’m not tired. You can go lay down in my bed. I want to stay up and do some research.”
Sherlock stood up. “Get out of here, Magnussen. Get out and stay out. I would rather starve than spend a single evening in your presence.”
2017       John was still angry the next day. He couldn’t believe that Mycroft Holmes had the audacity to question him after kidnapping him. He hated Mycroft and blamed him for turning Sherlock against him. He was coming onto shift when Cora called him over to the desk.
Two real police constables came running down the driveway to the loading docks. The blond stranger grabbed Sherlock’s wrist and yanked him sideways. He pulled the omega towards a waiting car as the police constables shouted at them to stop. The stranger shoved Sherlock into the backseat and raised the gun again. Sherlock ducked as the man fired. Two more rounds in quick succession. The two officers were dead on the ground as the car drove passed them.
Sherlock watched as the expression on John’s face went from embarrassed to shocked to intrigued to hungry in mere seconds. The apprehension he felt melted away.
John turned his back on Sherlock and moved back to the table. He glanced down at the empty glass then at the bottle. He knew he was slightly drunk but he was more than able to make decisions.
The three men stared at John. He felt he was missing something important. He glanced around his cabin.
John’s head was swimming as the two men spared. He wished he was asleep with Sherlock in the other room.
“There’s the insurance of course, but I think it is even more creative. Deception.” Sherlock smiles.
“Okay, gentlemen, let’s begin.” Dr. Mathis said from between John’s legs. “Next contraction, John, begin to push.”
“And it doesn’t matter anymore. Yes, I was terrified he would be killed. He survived. He is back and we are not together. He doesn’t matter now and won’t be a reason for me to return to my pervious behavior. Are you satisfied?!”
Mycroft wanted to shout back at his brother. He wanted to tell Sherlock that he had no other options but he would do everything he could to try and stop this before Sherlock was bonded to Magnussen. That he would never allow someone as insidious as Magnussen to be connected to his family. To bond with his only brother. His only real brother.
Sherlock returned to the flat. He didn’t remove his coat. He just looked around at their things. There was a framed photograph of the two of them. They were sitting at a table together. John was looking out to right, off into the distance. Sherlock was sitting on his left and had his hand on John’s shoulder. The look on Sherlock’s face was nothing but pure adoration for the blond man. Sherlock’s silver eyes shone out brightly how much he cared for John. How much he loved him.
“I criticizes you for not using your brain to its complete capacity. And for wasting time thinking about things that are unimportant.” Sherlock corrected.
“No. I did have to call in a few favors and remind certain Members of Parliament the significance of my, although minor, assistance to the county.” Mycroft gave a knowing smile if not fleeting. “Very little will have changed in regards to my position within her Majesty’s government.” Mycroft continued with the half-truth. Once he had regained his control of the government, he would quickly repay those who had turned against him in the past few days with swift and vicious retribution.
“Anderson, prepare the guns! Donavan, veer to starboard to intercept! Dimmitt ready boarding parties!”
“Either tell him we are here or I will tell him you have picked up an addiction to the opium. In two to three months you won’t be able to work as his bouncer anymore. He will get rid of you now and find another ogre to stand guard and you will no longer have unfettered access your favorite diversion.” Sherlock stared the larger brute down.
Greg was regretting his decision to allow John Watson to leave custody while they were raiding Moriarty’s building. Both he and Sherlock Holmes had disappeared. And Lestrade didn’t believe that was a coincidence.
2017       John walked back across London from Euston Street. He knew he needed to calm down after meeting with Sherlock. He was furious. He wanted to punch the dark haired man in the face. Why did the man constantly think he needed to come to rescue John? John was a soldier. He fought for his nation. He had seen more depravity and death than even the poncey Sherlock Holmes. He could take care of himself. He didn’t need Sherlock. He didn’t need anyone. He would be his own hero.
John realized he was giving away too much. If his interest in the omega was obvious, then Mycroft or Magnussen could use it to manipulate him. John needed to divert the indication.
“That’s not what I’m saying, but I just feel like he is going to get away with it again. He will never be held accountable for what he did to you or to me or to Wilderbrant.”
“I know and I know you have already spent some of it on me. I love that you care about me but you can’t expect me to want to be indebted to you. To be a leach.”
Mycroft was amazed that he didn’t notice any hint of surprise in the woman’s expression. Either she knew she was the bait or she was an excellent poker player.
“Is he alright? I mean is Sherlock staying clean? Is he able to deal with things better?” John asked in a half whisper.
He tossed the letters and documents onto the fire. The paper blackened then caught light. Burning quickly in the flames. Destroying any evidence of Baskervilles complicity with James. There was no reason to let the plot be known. Baskerville’s body had washed ashore on the Aran Island just outside Galway Bay. He had been identified. His ship, the Hound, had been caught by pirates and sunk along with another vessel called the Appledore. The pirates had fled before the English navy could capture them.
“You don’t have to leave, John. I can tell you right now.” Sherlock said as he watched John march towards the door.
“John, you can be so oblivious. Yes, I don’t want other people thinking you are available for them. I want you here, damn it. I find you are the only person who doesn’t bore me.”
“Sir, we lost track of both the younger Mister Holmes and Doctor Watson in Cardiff. We are looking for . . .”
Mycroft ignored the statement, but John twisted and looked up at Sherlock. Affection blooming across his face.
“John, like it or not, you will be arrested and charged with murder. And I fear that Sherlock might relapse. I can’t let that happen again. I won’t let it happen!”
“I ah, just went for a walk.” John said. He turned and looked at Sherlock. Sherlock’s face was unreadable and unemotional.
John watched the clock for the rest of the afternoon. He wondered what had happened. Where could Sherlock be? Had Sherlock been in an accident or something? John remembered how Sherlock wanted to get involved with solving crimes. Maybe Sherlock had started investigating some criminal and been injured. Maybe killed. By six o’clock that evening, John was frantic.
“You don’t want to push it.” Joey said to the other two. “He’s far more dangerous than you want to know.”
Sherlock’s attention shifted from one man to the next. One tall, one short. Taller one younger. Left-handed based on the position of the grip of his pistol. Shorter one older. White hair and grizzled beard. Wire-framed glasses. Yellow skin. Liver disease. Doesn’t have long to live.
The voice was sing-songie. Almost childish in its tone quality. Also, it was familiar. Mycroft forced himself to not open his eyes. He couldn’t react to the man just yet.
“He works with the Met.” John explained. John stared back at the mirror and caught James’ worried expression. “Don’t worry. I’ve got this under control.”
Sherlock, hidden around the corner from the flat, watched John leave. He watched as John’s shoulders slumped and his steps dragged. John didn’t want to go. Sherlock didn’t want him to go. But he had to. There was no other way to keep John safe. If he had been told the truth, John would have insisted on staying. Putting himself in harm’s way just to stay by Sherlock’s side. This was better. It had to be better to be worth all the pain it was causing.
That was why Sherlock’s presence in at the Diogenes was so distasteful for Mycroft. But it would be better for these occasional family gatherings to take place here than at the offices he maintained near Whitehall.
As soon as the doctor finished his drink, he sighed and slipped back to sleep. They had knotted repeatedly through the previous day and night. Finally collapsing exhausted on the ruin sheet around four in the morning. It had been a marathon of sex. Sherlock’s muscles were sore and fatigued from the near constant sex. He knew they still had at least two more days of coupling.
Sherlock stumbled over her and pushed himself pass the other naked revelers. He saw a door and tried to get to it. Just before he reached the doorknob, a hand came out and wrapped around his wrist.
This time they saw people milling around the open doors of the houses. They could hear the sounds of various conversations taking place behind walls. But the villagers were hesitant to come forward. As soon as they saw the soldiers they rushed into their houses and closed the doors. Bolted the windows. They seemed scared of the men. John was confused. He had thought after they had helped save the child’s life they would be more welcome.
“Well, I can’t exactly afford one yet. I need to save up my money then I can . . .” John interrupted Sherlock.
“Sherlock and I were at a party at a house. We didn’t know it but drugs were being sold there.” John started to explain while Mycroft groaned and rolled his eyes. Undaunted, John continued. “We left before the police arrived and started arresting people. Dimmock came here afterwards and threatened to arrest us unless Sherlock paid him. Sherlock gave him two hundred pounds.”
“Whatever hold you think you have on my brother it is no longer of any value. I will be releasing the information about Andrew West myself.” Sherlock said imperiously.
“Of course he won’t, not until Moriarty gives the order.” There was a harsh edge to Sherlock voice. His long fingers cradled William’s head.
“I was not aware that you was your department?” Mycroft said as he sat down. He carefully folded his hands together and set them on the desk.
Mycroft finally got a good look at Sherlock’s face. The bloodshot eyes whose pupils were quite wide. He noticed the twitch in Sherlock’s muscles and the rapid thumping of Sherlock’s pulse.
The cab pulled up in front of the Enclave. The forensic team were already there. Blue and white crime scene tape cordoned off the front door of the bar from the gathering crowds. It was at least two hours before the club would be open.
Mycroft felt the punch to his gut. He forced himself to not react but he could taste bile in his mouth. He turned slowly to look at his brother.
“Of course it is. What other event would make me this angry.” Sherlock asked confused by the soft look on John’s face.
“Of course he has the good doctor. His attention and focus will be on Johnny Boy and not on what is coming next. The Iceman will lose his right hand man and I will be able to start to dismantle his empire even more.” Jim Moriarty picked up the teacup and blew on the brown liquid before taking a hesitant sip. He hummed in contentment as the tea coated his tongue. “Perfect.”
Confused by Sherlock’s comment, Greg continued. “By the time everyone turned around, the painting was gone. The police had already been called because of the ‘smash and grab’. We get there and we have a eighty-five-thousand-pound painting missing. No signs of how the thief could have gotten it out of the building. The guests were blocking the front door and the back door was locked.”
“Sherlock?” John needed to hear the answer. He needed to know the truth. Only then could he believe he could tell Sherlock everything.
“It isn’t drugs! I’m not working for Mycroft! I am just doing a few . . . jobs for him. And as for Mrs. Hudson . . . she gave us the flat because she is grateful I made her a widow!”
“I see no other reasonable solution. We are friends. We are colleagues. We live together and work together. We care for each other. What better reason should there be for a bonding?”
Magnussen leaned back and laughed again. Sherlock’s normal arrogant expression was replaced with fear. Magnussen let go of Sherlock’s other wrist and the omega quickly pulled on the door handle, but the door didn’t open. Magnussen laughed louder.
The SAS officer glanced down at the smoke, then the firecracker exploded. The man’s attention was on the chair and smoke and he didn’t see the fist coming at his face. Barton’s fist connected with the man’s jaw. His head snapped back. Barton’s left hand came forward and swung the blackjack into the side of the man’s head. The leather covered chunk of lead hit solidly and the man crumpled. Barton caught him before he fell to the pavement. Barton carefully set him back into his chair and laid the man’s head down on the table. He turned to leave at the same time Eddy and Sean were leaving the couple on the bench.
The first thing anyone ever noticed about William McMath was his flaming red-hair. He was a ‘foundling on the wheel’. Raised in an orphanage in Edinburgh. As soon as he could walk, he had been a curse for the nuns. Constantly defiant and rebellious. Finally the nuns arranged for an apprenticeship for him with a blacksmith when he has twelve. He hated blacksmiths, he hated horses and he hated the nuns. He ran away before the blacksmith arrived to take him. He spent the next two years roaming the streets of Edinburgh - stealing and sweet-talking to get by. When he was fourteen, he had been conscripted to His Majesty’s Navy. After that, he had not spent more than two nights in a row on dry land at any one time.
Moran felt a twinge low in his gut. He was becoming desperate for the small omega. Over the past few weeks, out here on the front lines, John’s omega scent had become clearer and stronger to the soldier. Every time he played poker with the omega, Moran would sit next to him, just so he smelled the fresh scent. Like the forest after a rain. Moran’s mouth would water when the young man would talk to him. The scent was still tainted with the metallic scent of the suppressants but it was also becoming sharper and more defined. Moran was craving it.
John wanted to argue he knew Sherlock was an omega. His own body was reacting to the fact that Sherlock was an omega. More than anything he wanted to wrest the young man back to the bed and take him. But that was not what needed to happen. He needed to keep his head right now and not give in to his baser instincts.
Sherlock had no idea when Trevor would return and he couldn’t care less, but for safety sake, he decided to lie.
More people were inside the small dwelling. The air was sour with the smells of sweat and rot. The rooms were dark as the windows were shuttered against the noonday sun. The girl was in the front room, laying on a pallet on the floor. She looked young; maybe ten. Her skin shined from sweat. Her legs and arms were exposed and were dreadfully thin. Her left thigh was bandaged. A woman draped in her black burqa sobbed at the child’s head. When she saw John and Henn, she tried to cover the child with her own body as she shouted.
Mycroft was rushing out of his office when his assistant added. “I was also researching the names of top three rehabilitation clinics in England. I will send them to your mobile. You shall have them by the time you reach hospital.”
The shorter man hissed. “Why weren’t we informed. What am I paying those idiots for if they don’t warn us of raids!”
“I don’t think so . . . do you?” Irene said watching John as he realized of what he had said for Sherlock to hear.
Sherlock’s thumb smeared over the slit of John’s dick. Dragging the precum in a circle around the head of the gland. John tossed his head back hard. Hitting the wall behind him and sending a sharp stabbing pain through John’s skull. For a brief second John’s thoughts cleared and he wanted to tell Sherlock to stop, but then the man’s fingers wrapped tightly around John’s length and pulled it up with a smooth fluid tug. Then another and another.
Greg looked back and forth between John and Sherlock. He slowly pulled his mobile out of pocket. “I wasn’t supposed to do this, but the detective seemed to leaping to ‘natural causes’ without waiting for the coroner’s inquest.”
“Well that is debatable. He’s not feeding you to the sharks.” James smiled broadly. “And speaking about feeding. If you want to eat, you’ve give us a day’s worth of work and you don’t have a day to do it in.”
“All citizens of this nation are responsible for her safety.” Mycroft said. His mind was spinning trying to anticipate the direction of the conversation.
“So I have been informed.” Mycroft slowly walked around the room secretively glancing at the various headlines. “Have you enjoyed your re-acquaintance with the good doctor?”
“No, no, no, my little one. How much Mycroft is going to pay me to bond with you? I am the only one who makes demands here. The rest of you will do as you are told . . . or else.” The odious smile slipped from Magnussen’s face.
Culverton Smith was more than happy to tell Lestrade everything about his crimes. During his interrogation, Smith had described how he had only been able to murder the occasional unrelated victim when Moriarty presented him with an opportunity. Moriarty had arranged over the past several months for numerous victims to be placed in Smith’s ‘Murder Room’. Families and business rivals more than pleases to pay the fee for a quiet and unsuspected murder. The frequency of Smith’s murders had increased. Smith was practically giddy with excitement that he was finally able to brag about his crimes. Lestrade felt sick as his listened to the man. He told the inspector Moriarty’s address only after he had relayed information about the thirteen people he had killed.
Mike waited until John stopped speaking, then he nodded his head and took another bite of sandwich. John glared at him while Mike macerated the meal.
John got up and went into the kitchen. The refrigerator had the ingredients for a nice breakfast. John dropped a few bangers into a skillet while he started the kettle for tea. He had a nice little fry-up started when he heard Sherlock return to playing his violin. John cooked the eggs as he listened to the music. Everything seemed to settling in quickly to a comfortable arrangement.
“He is quite motivated to be. He will be picking Holmes’ younger brother up in Port Royal and bringing him here. I’m sure they are already in route.” The man took another long drag on the pipe leaning back and closing his eyes.
John was shaking now. His whole body was giving over to the need he hadn’t indulged in since before he was shot. It had been months, maybe years. He couldn’t remember. He couldn’t remember how long it had been since he had felt like this. Who had made him feel like this before?
“Please inform the queen, my presence is complete at her discretion. I look forward to speaking to her as soon as possible.” Mycroft bowed his head respectfully to the woman who wasn’t even in the carriage.
The week had been quick. A new case had come in the very same day as the conversation. A robbery and murder at a peer’s residence in London. A locked room with no way in or out save the ventilation ducts. Too small for anyone but a child. Or a dwarf. After seven days, Sherlock and John found themselves chasing a murderous little person with a blow dart across the rooftops of London. A ruby necklace had been recovered and the Lord and Lady Carlyle were extremely grateful. Seventy-five thousand pounds grateful. The check was presently in the pocket of John’s shirt.
Sherlock glanced up at John with a puzzled look on his face. He saw the honesty in John’s deep blue eyes as well as the innocence.
John scowled – his lips thin and his eyes narrowed. He jerked his head slightly and then marched into the camp. James cocked his eyebrow and followed John.
“You are not someone who will kill in cold blood, John. You’re not. I know you.” Frankie seem unusually calm as he spoke to John.
Several of the other officers looked over at Moran. They growled softly at the man’s ordering the omega doctor. The omega looked up but simple waved over at Moran then returned his attention to the file.
John felt a spike of lust push into him. The weight of everything those four simple words meant. Now and in the future.
In another corner, he saw was he thought was an Iron Maiden. A wooden box tall enough for a man to stand inside. Metal spikes protruded inward from the various sides of the box stabbing anyone who was unfortunate enough to be placed inside.
“The whole way back, I thought about it, Sherlock. I thought about us, and what I want us to be. I want this. I want you.”
“Sherlock, I am glad you’ve finally come to the realization that your body is more than transport but you don’t want to be . . . burdened with an omega like me. You are unique and remarkable. You are a genius and brilliant not only in your mind but . . . in every way imaginable.” John paused to regain control of his emotions. “I’m in my thirties. I’m plain and ordinary. I’ve been shot and my body is scarred. I suffer from PTSD. I’ve been on suppressants for years, there is no reason to believe I will be able to get pregnant. You deserve better than me. You should have an omega as remarkable as yourself.”
“Get my oilskins and get the ship battened down.” John was climbing the steps to the wheel while Sherlock stood staring after his captain.
John quickly came back to himself. “Yeah, the party. Jeannette and I will be there. No problem. Do you need us to bring anything?”
He slipped out of his mind palace and back into the sitting room of 221B. His eyes flicked up and at the various photographs he had pinned around the fireplace. His current case and a case that would pay handsomely if he solved it. The largest photograph was of a brick wall with the graffiti that Raz had found. The stark yellow figures on the aged red bricks were taunting him.
The ball hit Hope in the chest. The man fell forward into John. The two men crashed to the deck, tangled together.
John jumped out of the chair and started to pace. Sherlock watched him. He could see the turmoil John was going through. Sherlock slowly stood up and went to stand in front of John, blocking his pacing.
The murderer stood between Sherlock and the closed door. He didn’t see it open slowly. He didn’t notice the man entering the room.
2017       John was slipping off his coat after locking the door to his flat. He was exhausted. A full shift at hospital then the meeting with Sherlock. He had so many emotions running through him, he couldn’t decide which one was the most dominate. He was angry at Sherlock for following him, but he was also pleased. He felt a warm spike of pleasure knowing the man was still thinking about him. Maybe even jealous. Sherlock deserved to suffer for what he did, but still John didn’t want to admit he cared about the tall git.
Mycroft barely got the words out before Greg slid his mouth down over Mycroft’s cock. Mycroft closed his eyes and threw his head back into the seat. He spread his legs further apart as Greg took him deeper into his mouth. Tomorrow he would deal with Jim Moriarty but tonight he was going to enjoy himself with Greg.
Mycroft went to the table and prepared a bellini with the caviar. The rich black fish eggs were decadent and crème fraîche was silky. Mycroft appreciated the rich treat. The Bollinger’s accented the saltiness of the caviar perfectly.
“So instead of calling her doctor, you called your brother and the police?” Greg asked, still uncertain why he was there.
“He has a sponsor. Someone else who is funding him.” Irene drank the rest of the liquor. “They want you prisoner here in the West Indies. They don’t want you to return to England. I’m not sure why but I think it has something to do with the new king and queen.”
“John, you’re thinking about him aren’t you? We just made love and you are thinking about Sherlock Holmes.”
Irene stared intently at Sherlock. Then broke out in laughter. “John, whoever he is, keep him and collar him. He would make a wonderful pet.”
The two men got up and went over to the bar. Frankie climbed up onto one of the barstools. The wood squeaking as he sat down. John walked around to the back of the bar. He grabbed a pint glass and gave it a slight twirl in the air.
John cupped his hands and blew into them. He really wasn’t cold, but the movement was more instinctual. Preparing himself for combat. His body appeared relaxed as he leaned against the damp bricks, but in actuality, his muscles were tight, ready to spring into action. His shoulders were slightly hunched forward and his thigh muscles were tense. The weight of the gun at the small of his back, comforting. John’s eyes scanned the crowds again, looking at faces. Seeing who was glancing sideways deceptively, who was checking out the crowds besides himself. Which faces had he seen before. Just as he used to look into the faces of Afghan nationals watching for that one person who glanced a bit too long at him, or who tried to duck their face to hide it from the soldiers, the one who had an AK47 hidden under their cloak.
“It was dumb luck you were there. The doctors down in Bastion said you saved Carson’s life. He should have died in that truck with Mathis. He’s alive because of you. We all are.” John’s humility was making James feel more optimistic.
Frankie poured himself another glass of alcohol. “I made sure you were okay. I made sure you’d finish school.”
Sherlock threw his hands over his head and held the scissors out of John’s reach. The shorter man tried to leap up once. Then frowned as he glared at his boyfriend.
He turned to see John Watson standing in the doorway with his gun pointed directly at Moriarty’s heart.
Greg hesitated as he glanced at the calm and composed alpha sitting in the bed. John look more lethal than he had ever before. The good natured doctor was gone and the intelligent and determined soldier remained.
Bridgetown was not London but it was the largest town on the island. It was mixture of cultures. English, French, Spanish and Creole. The town smelled of rich spices and sea. The heavy perfume of the tropical flowers mixed with pong of unwashed sailors.
The taxi rounded the corner and pulled up to the kerb. John was looking at the building as Sherlock paid the fare. He brushed passed John as he opened the door of the taxi.
Sherlock’s eyes flashed to see the grip of a handgun protruding from underneath the man’s jacket. Sherlock quickly looked at the man’s face. It was square and sharp. Skin pulled tight over cheekbones and his forehead. A pale scar, starting in his blonde hairline moved down across his face, through his brow and down to his jaw. His eyes were flat grey and appeared lifeless.
“But that was all he had for dinner. No veg, no bread, nothing. He didn’t even have a beer or something to drink. He didn’t have any plates down to put it on. It looked like he just put the meat in the skillet and turned the hob on.”
“I’m sure you are needed elsewhere. Your men are probably waiting for you.” Sherlock said as he typed.
“Alright, he is yours. And only yours. But I want those pictures you talked about. If Mycroft Holmes is arrested, they will be a nice presents to send to him in jail.”
Culverton didn’t noticed. His eyes were fixed on Mycroft’s mouth. The small curve to the man’s lips and the light sweat that covered Mycroft’s upper lip.
The small boat turned and the four men on the oars rowed as hard as they could. James grabbed the end of the rope and watched as it played out as John swam away from them.
He placed his hands on Sherlock’s chest as he sped up his movements. His fingertips noticed the rapid beat of Sherlock’s heart. John opened his eyes and looked into Sherlock’s face.
“You taste good.” John’s voice was muffled by Sherlock’s shoulder. John moved down again and slowly sucked on the point of Sherlock’s shoulder. He could feel Sherlock shiver. John smiled.
“We kissed. Three times while you were hiding in the bathroom. I told you I wanted to fuck you and you said you weren’t gay. I deduced you were studying to be a doctor and the size of your hands would make you a perfect candidate for surgical training.” Sherlock quickly relayed the facts.
“What about the surveillance teams?” Jim asked not allowing Sherlock time to concentrate on the previous comment.
“John, you are a reasonably intelligent person. You must know that you are attractive both physically as well of intellectually to me.”
“A soldier’s or sailor’s responsibility is to fellow soldier or sailor and to the defense of his country. We do not seek out battle but neither do we run from it. Politics are not our responsibility. King James was a weak man who was harming the country. I don’t know anything about William but Mary is a good English lady. I trust her.”
“Northumberland Fusiliers.” John said as he accepted  the second drink. The two men toasted each other and set the shot glasses down hard on the wooden bar.
“It is not like that.” Sherlock said, his voice remaining soft even though his heart was pumping harder with each second John stood close to him. “I didn’t send them to get you specifically.”
Sherlock went over to the small Persian slipper that sat on the shelf. He pulled the lining back and removed the small vial inside. A seven percent solution. ‘
His was blocked from going any further. A black man in a white lab coat and stethoscope around his neck stood in Mycroft’s way.
Sherlock still wearing his coat and scarf, wandered around the sitting room. He kept picking up items and examining them. Verifying their solidity as if they were been altered while the two men had been out. John turned and watched Sherlock for a moment. Sherlock moved from the sofa to the desk to the mantel then back to the desk.
“You should, you know.” Sherlock’s voice came down the tunnel. “Sherlock Holmes is nothing at all like him. How would you describe me, John? Resourceful? Dynamic? Enigmatic?”
He knelt on the edge of the bed and quickly checked to see if the omega was breathing. His finger slipped around Sherlock’s neck to check his pulse rate. John grabbed the needle and held it up to the light. Nothing remained in the syringe. He threw it across the room. It shattered against the wall.
“Who? Any clues?!” Sherlock leaned forward. A wild look came into his eyes and he reminded John of a greyhound ready to chase the hare.
“Moriarty ordered him to kill Victor because Victor had been laundering money for Moriarty and stole some.” Sherlock didn’t want to admit that it was because of him. Nor did he want John to know he was to blame for Sholto’s death. “Moran killed James Sholto because Sholto was looking for him. Moran was a deserter and was wanted for murder of a fellow officer.”
Mycroft waved his hand dismissing the woman as he walked quickly through the house and into his private library. He paused for a moment.
Magnussen turned his watery grey eyes at James Sholto. “I believe we need to encourage the crew to tell us where Holmes is. Once they see their captain bleed, they will be more amenable to producing him.”
James tried to reach for John’s hands again. Tears were in his eyes. “Please John! I had to! I had to protect you! Please believe me! I would do anything to protect you!”
The door opened and both men flushed slightly as their conversation was interrupted by Detective Inspector Lestrade. The grey haired man’s eyes swept over John and Sherlock then moved briefly to Mycroft before looking away.
“I don’t know.” Sherlock scowled, as he brought his hands up to try and pull the alpha’s hand off his neck.
The quay was crowded and busy. Stacks of cargo and supplies created a maze across the docks. Men scurried in and out of the piles. Shouts in Danish and French intermingled with English. Captains looking for new crewmembers had set up small tables in front of their boats, evaluating any man who came forward. Other men offered to help with the loading and unloading of ships. A days work with the certainty of sleeping in one’s own bed that night.
Victor waved his scarf at Mrs. Hudson and continued to skip out of the flat. He walked down to Maryborne and waved a taxi down. The black cab pulled over to the kerb and the omega climbed into the back seat.
The Hound moved slowly alongside the Appledore. The small ship weighted anchor and a rope was tossed between the two ships. A small rope chair was arranged between the two ships. Sir Henry was pulled from one ship to the other by use of pullies and ropes. He stepped foot on the Appledore as Magnussen stepped up from the lower decks.
Also, there really is a group of retired KGB officers who go by Dignity and Honor. Whether they are assassins depends on who you talk to. Thank you for the wonderful comments.
Magnussen opened his palm and held it out towards Moriarty. “You have spent so many years on your plans to repay the Holmes what you owe them. I am more than willing to help you. But I am a poor man . . .”
The idiot Chinese woman was more concern about retrieving the eight million pound jade hair pin than keeping a low profile. One thing Jim insisted on was a low profile. He didn’t like the idea of drawing attention to his network. The Chinese general had failed to Jim in that regard. She murdered her couriers and now Sherlock Holmes was aware of them.
“Here, I retrieved this.” Joey handed Sherlock John’s shirt. “He was getting very popular in there.”
“Until I knew you were gone.” Sherlock returned John’s gaze. “You weren’t the only one who was hurting that day. You weren’t the only one who had his heart ripped from his chest.”
“Two thousand pounds – sterling.” The stranger said. He opened his eyes and stared up into John’s. They were the most remarkable color that John had ever seen.
John’s expression hardened. He glared at Sherlock. “You’ll earn it right here. If you stay on this ship you’ll work like every other seaman. Or you can jump right back into that ocean and find your own way back to England.”
“You offered physical support. I sincerely doubt you are more capable than the dozen or so thugs I already have in my employment.”
“I’m not your boyfriend.” Sherlock sneered at the term. “Why do you see the need to label our relationship with something so . . . ridiculous?”
Even with his head bowed, Sherlock looked more intently at John. He saw pain in John’s eyes he hadn’t noticed before.
Sherlock sat up and glared at Mycroft. “Are you going to tell me that I can no longer work with the police? Is that it? Are you sending me back to that abysmal clinic?”
Mycroft stood and immediately took the plastic cup from the tray and held it with the straw to Sherlock’s lips. The man took a sip as his eyes switched between the three men watching him. Mycroft withdrew the straw and Sherlock sighed deeply.
Mycroft took Elizabeth Smallwood by the elbow and directed her away from the shorter man. Mycroft could feel Lady Smallwood relax the further they were away from Smith.
As he aimed his rifle at Sherlock, something else stirred inside the alpha. He held the crosshairs of the scope on the man as he watched him bend over the dead Magnussen. All he needed to do was simply squeeze his finger on the trigger and the omega would be dead. Sprawled across the body of his fiancé.
“Not every ship’s going to be a gold ship, George.” Cullen said. He pulled himself up a rope and back onto the deck of the Scotland.
Sherlock glanced between the two men. He wanted to trust John. He felt he could trust him. But there were still too many things he didn’t know. He needed to be careful.
The two men tipped their head down and watches as they gave each other hand jobs. The background sound of the communication warren buzzed around them as they grunted and moaned quietly.
John growled. His eyes narrowed as his face warmed with anger. He wondered how Mycroft had learned his nickname. Mycroft continued.
“You are insane.” Sherlock said calmly picking up his coffee cup again. He took another sip, keeping his eyes focused on anything other than Moriarty.
Dumbfound, John stood and walked out of the interrogation room. Just outside the door, Mycroft stopped and talked to older man in a uniform with numerous ribbons. He was a good six inches shorter than Mycroft and twice as round. He looked like a well decorated barrel.
John swung back around the building and leaned up against the dirt wall. His heart was pounding in his chest and he was breathing hard. He closed his eyes for a moment to try and slow everything down. To just get his breathing under control. When he opened his eyes, the younger Afghan was standing in front of him. A large knife in his hand.
Then James did something spontaneous. He wrapped his arm over John’s shoulder. It wasn’t until the arm was comfortably resting on John’s shoulder did James realize he did it. He tensed expecting John to stop or jerk away from him. But the shorter man didn’t. John continued to laugh, and walked back into the compound with James, beside him.
“San Juan may be a Spanish port, but it still allows ships from other nations in here. They do not discriminate against anyone who is willing to bring gold into the city. They just don’t ask how that gold was obtained.”
James screamed as the first finger was shoved into him. He squeezed his eyes tight. Tears slipped out and clung to his black eyelashes. He clawed at the sheets and tried to wiggle away. Moran held him tight and wouldn’t let him escape. By the time the second finger slid in, the omega’s slick was covering Moran’s fingers and beginning to run down the omega’s thighs. He tried to push up again but Moran slapped James’ arse cheek. The loud crack of hand to skin sounded like a gunshot. Moriarty yelped then moaned seductively. He wiggled his arse as Moran kneeled up and opened the front of trousers.
Sherlock rushed forward and wrapped his arms around his mate. John’s legs gave way and the alpha swooped him up and carried him to the stairs. Moran was on his mobile phoning for an ambulance. Sherlock pushed passed Moran. John in his arms. He started down the stairs carrying the omega.
“He will be eager to hand you over to me. All that needs to be settled is the dowry. I won’t be taking a bond without compensation.” Magnussen said as he pulled out his phone and started to scroll through it.
“Wait . . .” John began to try to argue but Sherlock leaned forward and thoroughly kissed the younger boy again.
“I don’t care about me, I care about you.” John licked his own lips, mirroring James’ movements. “I need you.”
“Well, I could offer my superior intelligence, but you would be offend if I suggested that I possessed a greater mind that you. No, what I have you need. Physical support.”
So it began. At first it was only once a week. An occasional hand job or James sucking John off. Then it grew to two and three times a week. Trading off who was on the bottom and who was on top. The two of them grappled to remove each other’s clothing. They pushed and shoved until they laid on the hard floor, panting and spent.
John took his time as he covered Sherlock’s body in petal pink love-bites. Across his chest and down his abdomen. He hesitated over Sherlock’s groin, looking up into Sherlock’s expectant face. A sinister smile came to John’s lips as he sat back. He eased off the bed and grabbed Sherlock’s ankles. Twisting suddenly, he flipped Sherlock over onto his stomach. The omega shouting at the suddenness of being manhandled. John bounced back on to the bed. Caging Sherlock beneath himself. John nipped at the back of Sherlock’s thighs as he massaged the globes of Sherlock’s backside.
“Apologies, officer. I was simply offering you a coffee and some conversation. It was not my intention to impugn your reputation.” Mycroft bowed his head and then stood up straight. He locked his eyes on the hallway in front of him, refusing to look at Lestrade as he walked passed the policeman.
Magnussen’s smile faltered for a moment, then returned. “You wouldn’t willing jeopardize your brother.”
Sherlock didn’t recognize the person who laughing. It was a PC and they looked nothing like his John. He collapsed back down on the seat and waited for Lestrade.
John thought for a moment then nodded his head. “Yeah, I told Wilderbrant that Trevor was a bastard, but I didn’t throw the first punch.”
“Yeah, but it’s nice to not have to think about it for a moment.” John said as he turned back to the major.
He placed his hand out and found his coffee table. It had been moved about six inches over from where it was supposed to be.
Moriarty smiled again. “Then it is a collar and the chain for the good doctor and you get a pet to fuck anytime you like.”
“This is common.” Lestrade said. “Maybe in a day or so, if you work on him, he will finally come to his senses and file a complaint. Then we can arrest Trevor.”
“Maybe they thought to ransom me. That once Mycroft made it back to England he would pay for my release. Or at least that is what they believed.” Sherlock said.
I know not a lot of plot for Sherlock and John in the last two chapters but I wanted Moran's story to be a counter point to their story. Things are going to pick up soon plot wise for the two boys.
“He wasn’t under enough pressure for this to have happened.” Sherlock finally turned and looked at John. “There was no reason for this. He wasn’t even a user.”
“No, I’ll be find. Just sore right now.” John twisted in the front seat and set both feet on the ground. He winced slightly as he stood up. Then stumbled forward as James caught him.
“Your arm looks broken, can you move it?” He asked as he crawled over the tossed backpacks and weapons outside the truck.
Sherlock looked up. His eyes appeared cold and calculating but John could also see a fire burning brightly there too. “He knew what he was talking about. He knew how to read the evidence.”
“I had you brought here for your own protection. Moran will try and contact you.” Sherlock tried to control the emotion in his voice and sound unaffected.
Mycroft instantly saw the confusion on Sherlock’s face. He preened. “Didn’t you know? Didn’t your precious doctor tell you? Have you let your emotional attachment blind you again?” Mycroft glanced around the room. “He didn’t sleep in his usual spot last night. Maybe he found an accommodating companion for the evening. A female companion.”
“Just tell me what you want Dimmock and then get out. The front is watched and I’m sure Mycroft is on his way over here now. He will want to know why a detective is bothering me this late at night.” Sherlock gasped from the floor.
“He was going out with his buddy and they got separated. Jimmy was going back for an umbrella and his friend never saw him again. He was found dead at a sport’s arena. Somewhere where he shouldn’t have been. The coppers are calling it suicide but Bill said that’s impossible.” James finished his story and took another sip of coffee. He lifted his cup requesting a refill.
The soldier closed his eyes and smiled softly. The fear and doubts from the day before began to melt. He took out one biscuit and placed in a clean plate. Then he made himself a cupper with the new tea. It tasted as good as it smelled and complimented the almond biscuit perfectly.
“Glad to see that you are not on your death bed.” Mycroft could see his brother was still not feeling well. The indications of a fever was still present. The flushed skin and the dark swollen eyes. Sherlock’s lips were dry and chapped and his hair was flat and lifeless.
John’s mouth went dry. His stomach did a flip as a surge of want went to his groin. He forgot about the boots in his hands. His eyes moved over Sherlock’s body then back up to the surprised expression on the man’s face. Surprised then withering.
“You bet-er’ do a’s bet-er’ job this time Benny or your bum is out!” Frankie yelled at the man mopping the floor.
“You need to leave, Frankie. Like you said earlier – get out of here.” John leaned forward and rested his hand over Frankie’s.
Sherlock finally understood why it was so import to not bond till heat. Holding off till now made him more attentive to John. Made Sherlock more aware of the omega’s needs. Waking and caring for his love with gentle touches and soft words as the omega swayed back and forth from the insane need of his heat. The omega completely and total dependent on his alpha. Sherlock had never had someone so dependent on him and he felt the responsibility quite deeply. It was awoken a desire to be better in him. To be a better alpha, a better man.
Sherlock asked himself. He hesitantly glanced around the flat. There were no indications that his roommate had been there in the last few hours.
It felt so good. So right. The two of them together. The heat and passion. This was theirs. This would be theirs forever. He could see John was feeling the same way too. He could see the want and desire in the omega’s face. Everything was written there for Sherlock to read.
“I don’t need much sleep. At least stretch out on the sofa. It is quite comfortable.” Sherlock waved his hand over to the low green couch.
One of her assistants positioned the large crossbow from the performance in front of James’ chair. The heavy bolt was placed in the cradle. She stabbed at the sandbag and the lead weight began to lower into the triggering mechanism.
The few hours Mycroft allowed himself at Diogenes was an escape and respite from the demands of his position. He often longed for the silence of the club and the formality of the staff. The calm and relaxing certainty of consistency. He cherished it. It was his haven.
The rain from earlier in the evening had stopped and the streets were filling with the youthful crowds that frequented this portion of London. The traffic had picked up and music was now floating out of various buildings up and down the street. There was the sound of conversation and laughter in the air. The city was coming alive again. London was one of the few cities that John had ever been in that seemed to have a pulse of its own. A life and breath. A heartbeat.
“Mathis is dead. I think the others will live.” John said as he reached for one of the soldier’s backpack and started pulling supplies out of it. He found the first aid kit and pulled it out. More gunfire and bullets ricochet off the Humvee.
The auburn hair man walked into the room, smiling. James Sholto had been John’s commanding officer when they had served together in Afghanistan. Both men were decorated and respected but they found it difficult to return to civilian life. James looked over John’s shoulder at the other two people sleeping in the bed behind the blonde. Two omegas, a man and a woman, both still naked.
“No, I want to know why you are asking questions about James Sholto.” John glared at Greg. “He’s a good man – a decent man. He doesn’t need to be harassed by an immature, needy bastard!”
The stranger’s feet barely touched the edge of an abandoned crate when John reached him. John was out of air and his body wanted to push towards the surface. John forced himself to tie the rope around the stranger’s chest, under his arms. Then John tugged on the rope, wrapping his own arm around the man’s waist.
The celebrations carried on into the night. Bonfires lit the streets as people danced around them. White and red fireworks burst in the sky over Kensington Palace. Queen Mary welcomed members of Parliament into the brand-new palace as the crowds cheered. Livingston had defeated Gordon in Scotland and King William and Schomberg had defeated James Stuart in Ireland. The former king was retreating to France and England was safe once again. There would be no war. The people rejoiced.
John’s attention slipped away from her and over to the counter and the chalkboard with the offerings of the day. The thought of anything listed made his stomach twist. He couldn’t face eating and he shook his head.
“But Sherlock, a phone? I mean, I can’t . . .” John’s eyes were still locked on the phone when he noticed something odd about Sherlock’s wrist.
“Jawn . . .” Sherlock tried to say John’s name but his mouth was terribly dry and his tongue felt thick between his teeth. “Water . . .”
Something changed in Frankie’s expression. He went from being openly happy to see John to apprehensive. The difference surprised John.
Sherlock stared at the man. The man smiled back at him. Something flashed through Sherlock’s mind. A memory – a moment of fear and confusion. Waking up somewhere he shouldn’t have. People he didn’t know.
“Rightful place?” John huffed out. “Yes, he made it perfectly clear after five years together he preferred drugs and murder to me. Must make your mother proud.”
“He didn’t . . . and you can’t imagine how much I hate that bloody word, ‘obvious’.” John looked away. Turning his back on Seb before the first tear ran down his cheek. John quickly wiped it away before Seb could see it.
“Do you know what that does to a guy’s ego? To just have fucking mind blowing sex only to be forgotten about thirty seconds later.”
“Sherlock, we haven’t a choice.” Mycroft allowed a moment for honesty with his brother. “I know this is not what you want, but this is what will have to be.”
He flipped back to the first picture of Sherlock standing in the living room almost nude. The man’s thin body and square shoulders. The pale brown numbs of his nipples. Moran ran his tongue over his teeth. He wanted to bite those nipples. To suck and nip at them as Sherlock bounced on his lap. Then it hit. Moran climaxed. His hand covered in his hot semen as his hips twisted and rocked. Moran arched his back and groaned softly. A long low growl of ownership.
Sherlock pulled out of John’s grasp and knelt next to the dead man. John grabbed Sherlock’s shoulder and pulled him to his feet. John quickly looked around as he started moving backwards. He took Sherlock’s hand as they ran from the scene.
John turned and glared at the two troublemakers, Middleton and Borrow. They had been responsible for shoving the pervious student manager into the woman’s locker room and forcing him to quit. It appeared they decided Wilderbrant was gay and were going to bully him until he quit too.
Sherlock leapt out of his chair. His eyes flashing with anger. “Don’t you touch him! He’s not involved!”
“No, John. It will help.” Mike whispered. He leaned over to examine John’s back. His face showed his revulsion to damage done to John.
“What?” John asked in a slightly calmer tone. He was still shaking and terrified he loved a murderer.
Sherlock started to raise his hands to push the shorter man away, when he heard the growl from the tall bodyguard behind Jim.
Sherlock walked into the bar. His eyes glancing around quickly, looking at the faces of the bartenders and waitresses. He saw Frankie standing between two detectives who were questioning him. Sherlock’s attention moved to the man dead on the dance floor.
He opened a small wooden box on John’s desk and found the emerald necklace Sherlock had saved from the Speckled Band. The man quickly glanced around to see if he was alone. Sherlock watched as the man took out his knife and started to pry the gemstones from their settings. The man was concentrating so hard, he didn’t hear Sherlock crawl out of the bench seat.
“We tried to fit back in, but just couldn’t. So the first one was a simple robbery of a loan shark. He had been threatening someone we knew. We gave our friend the money we took from the loan shark to pay him back.”
“Yes he was!” John quickly sat up and glared at the older Holmes. “I’m going to file a complaint against him! Are you his supervisor?”
He pulled on John’s waist and lifted the wanton omega off the bed. John knelt into Sherlock’s lap, the cock pushed deep inside him. Together the two moved. Sherlock felt his knot begin to swell. The fire blazing to life deep in his groin. He wrapped his arm around John’s waist and held the man tight as he started pushing up violently into the omega. His other hand wrapped around John’s length and started stroking in time with his thrusts.
Sherlock didn’t wait. He plunged his hand into John’s pants and wrapped his talented fingers around John’s length. Tugging and rubbing to bring it to life.
Sherlock punched John in the side of his face. Moran started to leap forward from his hiding place to go the omega’s rescue. Just as he was stepping out from behind the cover, he saw John turn and punch Sherlock back. The tall alpha went down.
“He ran away from the orphanage when he was fourteen. I was unable to keep track of him after that. Our father made no attempt to remain in contact with him. There have been rumors . . .” Mycroft glanced away from his brother again. “Rumors that he is involved with a northern crime syndicate but no proof.”
John climbed the stairs after the first day of classes for the semester wondering if he should have a very intense conversation with Sherlock. He was petrified as to what was going on. He wanted to know where Sherlock went to whenever he left the flat. He also wanted to know why Sherlock had alibied Jim when the police questioned him. John was afraid Sherlock was selling drugs for the man. He needed to know where he stood with Sherlock because things were about to change for them.
Sherlock stood up and went to the bathroom door. He could hear the shift in sound as John stepped into the shower after the water had finally warmed up. Sherlock unbuttoned his shirt and toed off his shoes and socks. When he opened the bathroom door, he was naked. He didn’t hesitate. He pulled the shower curtain back and stepped into the hot water with John.
“If you wait until a more appropriate time, I will discuss your friend with you.” Elizabeth said as she tried to pull her arm back.
“Sherlock, I could punch you in the face. Why didn’t you tell me all this when we first moved in? I wouldn’t have been worrying all this time.” John lied. All of this would have made him want to move, but now he was relieved to know his worse fears had not been realized.
“You taste like cumin and saffron. Spicy and delicious.” Sherlock said as he reached down to cup John’s face and pull it back up for him to kiss. Sherlock’s fingertips mapped out the contours and slopes of John’s muscled arms and chest. John masculine scent was making the omega feel heady. Sherlock had never felt so much desire in his life. If John stopped now, Sherlock knew he would die. He wanted John. He needed him. As much he needed as oxygen.
“Tell me.” John whispered. His pulse rate increased. He could feel a hunger begin to build. A need. Something he hadn’t fed since leaving England. Something that had been hidden away for long time.
Mycroft’s responsibilities ranged from foreign and domestic affairs. His analysis was valuable in manipulating the international money markets and foreign elections. He maintained a firm grip on the intelligence community as well as the military. His decisions directed the leaders who directed the country.
John almost fell forward. He reached out with his left hand and caught Greg’s desk. Leaning forward heavily on his arm, he struggled to breath.
The alpha’s pudgy face was florid. His normally pale round cheeks were flushed red and splotchy. Sherlock wondered if it was alcohol or drugs. The alpha gave off the scent cue of anger just before reaching a rage. His sour smell filled the small room and was overpowering. Sherlock tried to breathe through his parted lips to avoid succumbing to the alpha’s scent.
“Being an annoying dick as always. Now please, at least your sheet.” John sighed. “I’ll get you some coffee then maybe you can get an honest answer out of your brother.”
Sherlock sighed. He would decode the symbols. He would learn John’s secret. And he would do it alone, because he didn’t need anyone else’s assistance.
“Let me warm you.” He purred over her. He leaned in closer and Michelle took a step back. His hand came up and captured her chin between his finger and thumb. Gently holding her face still as he looked at her. He smiled and Michelle noticed his teeth were unnaturally white.
The two seemed to quickly fall into a comfortable routine of work and the ‘Work’. Covert touches and reassuring glances. It was just for them and worked for them. Nights were spent in each other’s arms.
Sherlock took another moment to just stare of John. Remembering every new line and change in the face that still occupied his mind. He believed he could draw the face from memory, he knew it so well.
The crew on the Morstan scrambled to get their ship underway while John was being chased by the men by the other small boat that was slowly sinking.
The professor returned to his lecture on the endocrine system as John sat back up. John turned to complain to the person sitting next to him about elbowing him when he was transfixed by a pair of silver blue eyes.
The burly guard from the front door easily picked Sherlock up off the pillows. He threw the young man over his shoulder and carried him out the back door of the opium den. In the alley, Tandoor was speaking to the driver of the cab.
“Mycroft wanted him dead. Monty had been skimming off money from his business with Mycroft. Mrs. Hudson learned about the money when she discovered he was sleeping with the dancers at his club. He assaulted her. Domestic violence. She was distraught. I was ordered to kill him. I couldn’t . . . I couldn’t kill him myself, but I knew I couldn’t leave him alive. He would just hurt her again. So I found another option.”
John looked up at the tall thin lance corporal through his blonde lashes. Then John spun. Before Moran could yell at the corporal, Watson grabbed the man’s wrist and twisted. The lance corporal found himself face down in the hard pack dirt with John’s knee in the middle of his back.
Smith straightened his shoulders and wiped his brow. Moriarty still thought Smith looked like a troll.
“Williams, get on the radio! Get us an airstrike!” Moran shouted as John tied the bandage on Seb’s arm. “81 Romeo, Adam one calling 81 Romeo Baker! What the fuck is going on over there?!” Bullets hit the top of the wall and a sharp spray of rocks and dirt hit Moran’s face.
The man’s head popped over the railing of the Morstan now twenty feet above them. A rope quickly was tossed down. John caught it and handed the end to Sherlock.
“Here are some boots.” John was looking down at the pair of worn leather boots. He had not knocked on the door. He didn’t realize that Sherlock would be naked.
They went into the warren and followed the narrowing halls and sandbag walls down to James’ quarters. James removed his sunglasses in the dimmer light. He watched John’s back curiously. John led James into his own quarters.
John laughed. “I think you are spontaneous enough for both of us. You seem to have no inhibitions whatsoever.”
“Yes . . . you’ll see. I’m being honest with you. We are good together. We don’t have to be playthings for them. I’ll take care of you. I’ll keep you safe.”
Sherlock wanted to rush forward and stop the man. He wanted to pulled John into his arms and hold him. Kiss him and never let him leave again. That’s all he wanted to do, but he didn’t move. The game was moving forward and John was too valuable a piece on the board to remove from play just yet.
That sounded pathetic in John’s mind. He knew saying it would be worse. So John sat beside Sherlock, wishing, and wanting but unable to do anything but stare out the window. Being near Sherlock hurt. Physically hurt. But being near him stirred something deeper. A primal need. John wanted to reach out and touch Sherlock. Slide his hand the few inches across the seat and smooth his fingers over the back of Sherlock’s hand. To reassure himself that his lover was there.
He opened his eyes and looked back at the picture of Sherlock on his phone. His smile only lifted one corner of his mouth into a crooked smile. He couldn’t wait until it wouldn’t be his imagination any more but reality.
“Who? I don’t know what he is talking about.” Smith babbled. “And honestly, are you going to believe a man just coming out of a drug overdose. Can you really trust his judgement?”
“You know everything and you wouldn’t be showing this to me unless there was a very good reason for you do so.”
“Mycroft, cut the crap. I know that Sherlock was there the night the men were killed. I know that the other two men who were shot were the two who fingered Sherlock.” Greg’s eyes shifted back and forth between the two Holmes brothers. “What I don’t know is why John Watson covered for him.”
It had been an hour and he was still waking. Moving closer to Bart’s with each step. He wasn’t sure if that was where he wanted to go, he just knew he could no longer be in his home with Sherlock.
He ran through the hallways, listening for the sound of voices but he only heard the sound of his shoes pounding on the tiled floor. He ran as swiftly as he could, moving from door to door. Glancing into empty classrooms and lecture halls. Flashbacks to Afghanistan slipped close to the surface. He felt the hairs rising on the back of his arms and on the back of his neck a cold sweat broke out. He wanted his gun in his hand. The weight felt like a reassurance of protection.
“Mister Holmes?” John wondered which Mister Holmes they were speaking of. “I told Sherlock to go to hospital if he developed a fever. It is still my recommendation.”
“Moriarty could know we had broken Adler’s code and gotten into her camera phone. He may plan to use John as simple leverage.”
Moriarty smiled. “Yes it is . . . good thing I wasn’t bonded during my heat. If that had happened then I would be in trouble. How long does a heat bonded omega last after his alpha is killed?”
“Forgot, they’re not a circus. They’re a gang of international smugglers.” John mocked, uncertain if this was good idea to be here.
Mycroft’s eyes flashed at John, but the soldier didn’t give him any support. He leaned back in the chair and sighed. “Do you remember Jessica? Daddy’s secretary?”
“Mrs. Savage is confused. She was calling out and I came to see if I could help her.” The troll blurted out.
Sherlock watched. “Three months and then the rest of your life, John.” The train started to pull out of the station. “Goodbye.”
“A normal rehabilitation takes four weeks, but I believe we can both agree you do not fall within the spectrum of normal. Four months of therapy and re-education and pattern alteration or you will never leave here.”
John and James strolled out of the building onto the pavement. They glanced up and down the street then turned north as they blended into the crowds walking.
Slowly, Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and pulled him closer. He rested his chin on the top of John’s head as the omega buried his nose into Sherlock’s neck. Breathing deeply the scent of the alpha. Sherlock held John close till he heard the soft breathing of the omega asleep. Sherlock thought about Moran and what he had said just before he died.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and huffed. “Well anyone with minimal intelligence could gather that. What is the real reason it is imperative I return to England and to my brother at court?
Before John could say something else, Roberta came up to the table. She had two cups of coffee in her hand and the menus.
Sherlock glanced down at his mate. John’s face was stern, but his bright blue eyes were warm with affection. The fingers protruding from John’s bandaged hand lightly brushed against the back of Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock look back up at the nurse and saw the shocked expression on her face. Her mouth was open as if she was frozen in mid tirade.
“I’ve already spoken to Lestrade. And your coworkers at that dance club you work at, have been questioned too. They said you started the fight with Trevor the night before he died.”
John shook Lestrade’s hand. The detective inspector gripped the soldier’s hand tighter and twisted their hands as he noticed the watch on the right wrist. Lestrade pressed his lips together tightly and wrinkled his brow. John saw Lestrade’s attention at his wrist. He quickly twisted their hands back to a normal position and gave the man one good solid shake.
“Seb, I need you and four of your best people in London in three months. Experts in explosives. I have a project.”
Mycroft had hinted that there was something wrong with John Watson. That he was not a person that Sherlock could trust or depend on. Sherlock had reviewed every moment he had spent with John. He had sat in his ‘Mind Palace’ and replayed the event over and over again in his head. He had built a special room for John in his Mind Palace. It had blue walls. The same color blue as John’s eyes. Framed pictures of captured moments with John hung on the walls in the special room. When he came to the picture of the kisses in the hallway, Sherlock paused. His mind hovered over that moment.
“John is not some object you can claim. He is not a pet.” Sherlock glared at the Moran. He didn’t dare take his eyes off the man or the gun.
“So Captain Watson, why would a doctor be stationed out here?” one of the men in the backseat asked.
The three men started up the stairs, pushing Sherlock out of the way. Sherlock tried to grab them and hold them back but the last man simply overpowered the younger skinner boy.
“Mike is moving in with his girlfriend, Sandy. Eddy and George are going home for summer term. I can’t keep the house by myself, so I have to find someplace else to live. I couldn’t find anywhere so I have to go home. I don’t want to. My mum’s new husband and I don’t exactly like each other, but what else can I do?”
Lestrade watched as the ship behind the Morstan fired it’s bow guns. Suddenly, Lestrade understood what Watson was doing. The cannon balls from the Lone Star struck the browstrip. The rigging to the foremast snapped. Ropes and pullies fell to the deck, sending his crew scattering for cover. Another cannon blast from the Lone Star overshot the Morstan and crashed into the forecastle of the Scotland.
“So is working with Sherlock Holmes, but I don’t think it would be in my best interest to stop.” Lestrade dropped the half smoke cigarette on the pavement and rubbed it out with the toe of his shoe. “Com’ on in. We need to talk.”
“I think that has more to do with the amount of beer we’ve drunk and not the dancing.” John laughed weakly. He couldn’t hold Seb’s intense gaze. He glanced away and pretended to be watching the other dancers.
John was at UCL on a rugby scholarship. He needed the scholarship to finish his prerequisites before he went into clinical rotations for medicine. He couldn’t do anything that would jeopardize that scholarship.
“I have orders you are a wanted pirate. You and your crew are to be hanged.” Lestrade said as he walked closer to the bed.
“Pick up my shit?! What are you talking about? You don’t clean up after me. I do.” John shook his head. “And that still doesn’t explain why you quit your job!”
John froze as he watched the man purposely fumble with the gun. He did not doubt it was loaded. Moran also quit moving. He turned and stared at his omega.
“Wife? Lover?! Sherlock . . .!” Lestrade grabbed Sherlock and pulled him out of the room. “Are you just making this shite up? I agree, this was a murder but a wife doing in her husband or some phantom lover. You’re just putting me on. What am I going to do with you?”
“No, I’m not offended and I am available, so yeah. It’s a good job and I’m starting tomorrow night. Unless I get thrown out of here, then it that case, I start tonight.”
“Why were you talking to him? Did he want something from you? Was he trying to get you to give him access to the hospital pharmacy?”
John Watson had grown to trust Blackwood completely. On the Morstan, he was given the unofficial rank of officer. He helped with planning of raids and led his own squad of muskets. He had more freedom and responsibility than he ever had in the King’s Navy. This evening, he was taking the Middle Watch. From midnight to four in the morning. The ship was silent and asleep. The only sound was the occasional rustling of the canvas sails and Blackwood’s footsteps on the boards.
It was very late, or very early, depending on your point of view. Sherlock and John had been bonded for over eighteen hours. Less than a day. John had refused to allow Sherlock to leave their rooms in the B&B. The two of them joining together over and over again throughout the course of the day. The owner of the B&B was happy to know that she was hosting newly bonded pair, eagerly made arrangements for food to be left outside the door for John to retrieve when they were hungry.
to indulge in recreational drugs. I no longer do so. I’ve been clean for over a year now.” Sherlock looked away.
“I’ll make sure it isn’t. I can flirt. Maybe not as well with blokes as I do with the girls, but it’s all the same isn’t it?”
“He was at the hotel when Trevor was murdered. He didn’t have an invitation to the Gala but he was admitted to it by the guards. And the bank card that was used to pay for his room leads back to one of Moriarty’s shell companies.” Greg raised a finger for each point he was making.
The omega climbed out from under his bed, dusting off his dark suit jacket. He frowned as he combed his fingers through this hair, dislodging a dust bunny. He hated he had made the agreement with Mycroft regarding a flat-mate, but he didn’t have a choice. He knew Trevor was to be bonded in four months, but many things could happen in four months. He might even be able to prove to everyone that he could live on his own without an alpha.
Moriarty stood in the doorway looking down at Moran and Watson. The two were collapsed on the floor. Moran’s arms wrapped tight around the omega.
He walked down the hallway noticing it didn’t look like it belonged in a hospital but more fitting for a hotel. The walls were painted white and attractive paintings were hung on them instead of charts and medical cabinets. The floor was covered with an attractive blue carpet instead of industrial tile. But the air was still tinted with the smell of disinfectant and illness.
Mycroft pulled his attention away from the fire and back to his brother. “What are you saying, Sherlock?”
Sherlock glanced up quickly at John then looked away. He didn’t want to see the look on John’s face. There was doubt and confusion but also anger. Anger like his father used to show him.
“Just something to help you relax.” Culverton said. “Now, back to my friend. He is an interesting man. Very charismatic. Clear thinking and an excellent planner.”
He pushed Sherlock down into the mattress and began to pound into the man’s body. Hard deep thrusts that pulled cries and screams from the omega. The sound only spurring the alpha on. His knot swelled and he pushed it past the ring of muscle. As soon as it was deep inside Sherlock, the knot swelled to its full size, locking the two together.
Memories of a similar conversation floated back into the room. John turned away and collapsed on the grey coach. Sherlock twisted in his chair so he could look at John better.
Standing on the pavement under the red awning for ‘Speedie’s Café’ was Detective Inspector Lestrade. He was smoking a cigarette. The file of the armored car robbery still tucked under his arm. The policeman didn’t say anything but it was apparent he had been waiting for John.
“He’s an immigrant, Yuri Liski. Fifty-four and widowed. He moved here from Ukraine eight years ago. Auto mechanic. No family. No criminal record.”
Moran felt a twist in his stomach. He hadn’t told Moriarty that he and John had become intimate. The only way the man would have known was if he was spying on them too.
“Think about it, John. You sit with someone, an elderly woman. Share tea with her. Share a conversation with her. Then you stand up and wrap your hands around her throat and squeeze the life out of her. Watch her die in your arms. It isn’t a fast death. It is slow and difficult . . . for both the victim as well as the killer. There is a lot of emotion there to go through with it. The proximity to the victim makes it personal.” Sherlock said gathering his composure back.
John was knocked backwards and into the wall. He hit it hard and slid partially down it before he caught himself. Slowly, he pushed himself back up, glaring at Moran as he did so.
Facts he needed to sort and analyze. Sherlock blinked. He had questions but it was obviously the wrong time to ask them.
Overwhelmed with a need to do something - anything, John stood up and stormed into the bathroom. Sherlock heard the water running in the sink then the crash of something falling out of the medicine cabinet. He took two hesitant steps towards the bathroom door when John marched out. In his hand he had his shaving kit. He tossed it on the bed and went to the wardrobe. He pulled his jeans back on without even putting on his pants. He grabbed a jersey and pulled it on over his head. Then John grabbed his clothes out of the cupboard and tossed them on the bed too.
This building was different from its neighbor. The attic appeared to be completely empty. Even in the darkness, it looked like nothing was being stored in it. The floors were swept and the cobwebs removed.
He turned away from his brother, unfolding his legs and refolding them. He fussed with the crease in his trousers before he readdressed Sherlock.
Greg crawled over the seat and knelt down in front of Mycroft. Greg sat down straddling Mycroft’s hips. His hair scrapping across the roof of the car.
“Murry! Get up and go back around the corner towards the elder’s house. Make sure we are not getting boxed in here. And try to make contact with Bravo. Find out where the hell they are.”
“My friend will be here in half an hour. I am taking Sherlock away from here to some place safe.” John said directly. It was a statement of fact. He was not asking permission from the other alpha.
Mycroft realized he had allowed his suspicions of John to interfere with the reason he had come to see Sherlock. He needed to gain control of the situation or this could go very badly for everyone.
I tagged this story with 'slow build' and now the change in both John's and Sherlock's opinion of each other is happening. I know there have been many comment about John not being a very aggressive alpha, but the further we get in the story the more possessive he will get as he grows more attached to Sherlock. I hope you enjoyed the chapter. And in next chapter the 'bed sheet' will make an appearance.
To keep Moran’s touch from reaching John’s most private parts, the omega was forced to back further into the alpha’s body. Moran hummed. He moved his arm up to John’s chest and wrapped it tightly around. John was still uncomfortable but at least he didn’t have to worry Moran was going to start fingering him.
John hesitated then turned around. He wasn’t sure if he was relieved or disappointed to see Sherlock’s partial dressed. Sherlock was wrestling with the cotton shirt to get it on.
He took a step towards John, but Sherlock rushed forward and blocked the alpha from getting any closer to his omega. He was suddenly aware of primeval need to defend . . . protect what was his.
For a moment, Sherlock thought he detected a hint of concern in John’s voice, but he decided it was his own wishful thinking. Wanting to believe that somewhere, deep inside John, there was still a chance. But the coldness of John’s face told Sherlock he was mistaken.
“As you are speaking to him, switch from Liski to Litkin and see what he does. Maybe mention ‘Dignity and Honor.’” Sherlock recommended.
John leaned down and kissed Sherlock’s forehead. Sherlock mewed softly as John’s right hand slowly smoothed down Sherlock’s left side. Long sweeping strokes as if he was petting a reclining cat. They sat together for a long time. Simply comforting each other with their presence. John softly scratched at the back of Sherlock’s neck and the omega pheromones slowly filled the room. Relaxing and reassuring.
“Next time he will attack you and claim self-defense. I know how he thinks. I know what he is planning for you.”
“Or he may not know and we show up in Port Royal. You tell him you will only trade me for information. He’ll understand that. Tell him you want to know who he is working for. That you will only deal with the person holding the purse strings. Then when we know who is in charge, we return to England and save the day.” Sherlock beamed.
“John, you’re a doctor who was also a soldier. You live for excitement and you want to be the hero. You have a need to be needed. An addiction.”
John thought his immediate problems had been fixed. But concerns about paying the rent paled in comparison to the difficulties of living with Sherlock.
Suddenly, Sherlock remembered. He saw the man’s face clear as day and he remembered. Sherlock looked down and saw the same rugged face in the grainy photograph. Jim Moriarty’s bodyguard, Seb.
“No, no, no.” The man came closer to Sherlock then without warning he punched Sherlock in the gut with a quick jab.
“It is you who is naïve. Why don’t you tell Mummy the truth? The fact that you were being blackmailed and you decided to use me as payment.” Sherlock scowled back at his brother.
“It never occurred to me that Sherlock would take up with someone abusive like Trevor. I felt, and I am sure you could agree that Sherlock’s involvement with you, John, was an emotional reaction to his relationship with Trevor.”
“Too many witnesses. My boss doesn’t like witnesses, but don’t worry doc. If you do a good job, he will let you go.”
Sherlock turned away and opened the door. He walked out closing it behind him. Mycroft tried to read the paper in his hand but he couldn’t. Sherlock’s question kept repeating in his head. Mycroft depressed the intercom button and Anthea answered.
“The guy that threw the beer at me used to date Sherlock.” John said. He forced himself to not try and look for Victor in the crowd.
“He’ll need the CAT scan but I think the concussion is slight. He’ll be discharged afterwards. Just keep him awake for the next eight hours. And make sure he eats something. No alcohol.” John said sounding resigned. He turned to leave again when Greg stopped him.
“Mycroft has placed more surveillance in the flat while we were dealing with Adler. They were there for your protection.”
James was relaxed and lowered his guard. The blond stranger didn’t answer James. The Browning automatic came out quickly. The man aimed it efficiently and pulled the trigger. The report was loud. The sound continued to ring in Sherlock’s ears as James’ body slummed to the ground. Sherlock twisted to look at James’ dead body. Blood was already staining the concrete.
He needed the idiot’s assistance for a little longer but as soon as the James was back on the throne, Wilkes would be dead.
“What was I going to do for Sherlock? What was I going to do that I wouldn’t do for anyone else I cared about?”
The hand the gun was in began to shake. John could feel the disassociated determination of combat take hold. He could pull the trigger and not even wince. He could kill the man before him and walk out of the building and not worry what would happen to the body. It all came back to him clearly. How many times he had fired a gun at the enemy. How many times he had seen men collapse and die after he had fired. He was a killer.
“I already said we know it was self-defense. Only John’s and Moran’s fingerprints were on the gun. But the gun itself is the question. The bullet that was removed from your shoulder has been matched to a bullet from another crime. A murder.”
John looked at the camp as they quickly walked through it. It was busy and noisy but many of the soldiers were sitting in their tents; the sides of their tents rolled up and allowing air to pass through while giving the soldiers much needed shade. The sound of distant gunfire didn’t seem to alarm anyone as John twisted his head to try and determine the direction it came from.
John had not left either. He had stuck around, taking a job as locum tenens for a local clinic. Working part-time so he could run around London with Sherlock on his crazy investigation. They were happy and they were keeping their word to keep Sherlock clean.
“Take him into custody. Make sure his solicitor knows where he is. I don’t want this to get fouled up over a technicality.” Lestrade glared at the short pudgy man. Smith’s shoulders slumped as the constable took him into custody.
Greg glanced over at the dead man lying next to Sherlock. The man was in his thirties with dark brown hair and trimmed beard. He was wearing a button down shirt with the sleeves rolled up. A needle attached to a syringe was still in the vein of his right arm. The belt was tight around the upper arm; the bruised skin was visible under the leather.
Elizabeth tried to call out for help, but she couldn’t make her lips work. Her limbs felt heavy and unresponsive.
“Yesterday, when I was at the Enclave questioning Frankie Oskar, Moriarty came in. He saw me there and took me. It was his intention to make me his . . .” Sherlock pale slightly and looked sick. “His pet. Plaything.”
“The third spotter is the bum in the alley behind the carpark. The one sleeping between the bins.” James said. The other soldiers nodded their heads and hummed in agreement.
Then Sherlock was standing before the door. It looked just like the door to their bedroom in 221B. It was the door in his Mind Palace to all the intimate moments he shared with John. The whispers and promises.
“Yours . . . only yours.” Sherlock whispered as he dragged his fingers through the damp short strands of John’s blond hair. “Always . . . yours.”
“The men won’t go. Their blood is up. This is payback for Barr and Cullen.” Blackwood said as he reloaded his musket.
John was adamant his was not gay. He couldn’t be. He wouldn’t be. But as he stood in the showers after games, he had to control himself. He had to keep his eyes down and not stare at the beautiful masculine bodies of the other players. He needed to keep his mind fixed on anything other than the desire to know what it would feel like to slide his palm over that smooth wet skin. To press his body against other hard bodies. To taste another man’s sweat.
The words were like molten lead poured over John’s head. He felt like they had blistered his skin. His stomach twisted and for a brief moment he thought he was going to throw-up on the attending. He swallowed the bile back down and took a moment.
“It wasn’t my choice. Ryan and Jerry were supposed to grab a doctor from an A and E. I didn’t send them specifically to retrieve John. I didn’t even know he was back in London. Last I heard, he was in Germany. I was desperate and when Ryan stepped in the room with John, I didn’t have any other options.”
John had a great place to live rent free with a boyfriend who was a great lover. He was doing well in school and received an unexpected scholarship from an anonymous benefactor. Finally, John’s life was turned around and everything was positive. John should have been very happy but he wasn’t.
“I won’t follow you into a drug den again, Sherlock! I won’t sit there and feel helpless while I wait for an ambulance to arrive. Wondering if my brother will die before help comes. I won’t let you do that to yourself again!”
“I’m sorry, John. I shouldn’t have brought it up.” James said softly. “I just want you to be happy again.”
The attending stared at them for a moment then nodded his head. He continued while he looked down his nose at John. “Mister Watson is correct in questioning the complications of ketoacidosis. Someone, give me the symptoms.”
Lady Smallwood’s crystal blue eyes locked on Mycroft’s and beckoned him over. Mycroft nodded and walked forcefully towards her. That is when he noticed the dumpy man standing beside her. He was dressed in a florid blue suit with a garish wide pen stripes. His buttoned up waistcoat looked like it was straining to retain the man’s girth. He wore his collar open without a tie. Unbuttoned low enough to show the hint of blond chest hair. The man had a round face that matched his round body. A broad forehead and thinning blond hair. He had sad eyes and the corners of his mouth drooped downward.
“I will ask you again, Sherlock, why are you here?” It hurt too much to drag this out. John wanted Sherlock to leave.
“Lestrade.” Greg held out his warrant card for the officer to see. The PC nodded his head and held the crime scene tape up.
The schooner hugged the coast around Ireland when it saw the ghostly appearance of the Appledore anchored off the southern most isle. Whisps of morning fog were slow to burn off and the Appledore appeared like a specter coming out of the mist.
Sherlock flounced into his chair. “No, not at all. Save time and sign it now, then you can fly away on your broom. I’m sure your flying monkeys miss you.”
Sherlock refused to answer the question.  He reached for John’s hand and held it in his own, leaning against the bed.
John looked up at Sherlock. The two locked eyes. He nodded at Sherlock then his eyes glances up and to the left of Sherlock.
Sherlock’s eyes flew open and he gasped. He tried to sit up but he couldn’t. His wrist and ankles were secured to the bed. Sherlock frantically looked around the room. He didn’t recognize anything. His heartrate sped up as he tried to remember. ‘
“Wait? Defense secrets? Where does it say anything about defense secrets here?” John pointed to the news report.
John growled softly. “It’s not like that between the two of us. He is just . . . someone I pick up.”
John’s fingers massaged over Sherlock’s balls – lightly pulling on them as he listened to Sherlock’s groans. His finger moved further back and over the taut skin behind them. Sherlock bucked in John’s arms. A quick moment of tense muscles before melting further into John’s embrace.
Just one more look into Sherlock’s silver eyes. One more glance at the man he loved, the alpha he finally could be with. John looked up to see Sherlock looking at the woman instead of him. In the final moment of John’s life, Sherlock was looking at Irene. He closed his eyes and bent his head down. He and their child were to die and Sherlock was looking at Irene. John wanted to throw up. He wanted to scream. He wanted to punch Sherlock again.
“No.” John said firmly. “If James was working with Moran, would the bastard shoot James? No. It was just a coincidence.”
“And none of that ‘yes, sir, no, sir’ crap out here. And don’t fucking salute me. I don’t want to get shot because some Taliban sniper sees I’m an officer.”
John wasn’t sure if that was better or not. The idea of being invited into the man’s bed only to sleep alone seemed even more depressing than never being offered the opportunity to begin with.
There was cheer and then the men started off to their jobs. Blackwood came up and slapped Sherlock on the back.
Greg turned back to Mycroft. “Look, I know that you have tried to keep the streets blood free for a while now. But I have four bodies laying in the morgue. I have a feeling I will soon have more. I do not want a war on my streets. I want it stopped. If that means I have to use things I learned years ago to stop it, I will. Do you understand, Mycroft?”
Blackwood and Sholto had swung the ropes and grappling hooks over to the railing of the other ship. With the help of the sailors, they were able to pull the two ships together and cross over to the burning deck of the Appledore.
Sherlock felt the pain of the accusation in his chest. How could he tell John the truth? How could he tell the blonde that hurting him was the last thing Sherlock would ever want to do?
“That’s not the point, Sherlock. You shouldn’t have gotten between us. I would have figured it out eventually. But to have her call me up at one in the morning to dump me, that’s not right.”
Two days later, John was working an afternoon shift in the A & E when there was a crash and shout for doctor. John and two orderlies rushed to the entrance doors where a tall man came in carrying a teenager. The teenager was limp in the tall blonde’s arms. He was thin and looked like he hadn’t bathed in a week.
“It doesn’t matter. Johnny Boy is too stupid to remain where it might be safe with Sherlock. He will leave Sherlock and return to his flat. You can pick him up there. Take him home and get him used to being yours. If you like, I have several suggestion on how the break the man in. I even have a few whips and gags if you like. I used them on Sherlock years ago. I think that it would poetic that you use them on Johnny Boy now.”
“Yes, sir. It was here two hours ago when I called it in.” PC Wright said as he walked gingerly through the wet debris on the concrete floor.
“He wanted to question me without you here, John.” Sherlock said as he sat down imperiously in his leather and chrome chair.
Sherlock huffed out a condescending laugh. “GSR testing has been discounted for years now. It’s only popular in the movies and on TV.”
“I was afraid I would see you tonight Wiggins.” His voice was as oily as his hair. “I didn’t warn Quigby about you.”
“We aren’t destine for long term meaningful relationships.” Mycroft said. “All lives end . . . all hearts are broken. Caring is not an advantage.”
“Don’t hurt me!” Victor cowered. John took another step forward and Victor pulled himself into a tight ball. “Don’t . . . please, don’t hit me again!”
James lunged forward, as John turned his head slightly, so James kissed the corner of John’s mouth. John reached up and wrapped his arms around the James’ shoulders and pulled the man tight. John tipped his chin up and James attacked John’s throat. Nips and bruising kisses that turned into long slow sucks.
Greg went to the kitchen and opened the cupboard. He pulled two beers down and twisted off their caps. Tossing the caps in the general direction of the bin, he spoke. “Dimmit is sure one of you is guilty. The guess is one of you shot Trevor and the other is alibiing the killer.”
Moran was about to follow them when he received a text. He pulled out his mobile and saw that it was from James.
A wave of more people entered the small house and Sherlock recognized one of them. The slicked back hair and dark chocolate eyes.
“Sherlock, your mother. You just lost your mother. Losing a loved one is very traumatic . . . to anyone.”
John reached into his pocket and pulled out his father’s watch. He opened it then frowned. He shook it lightly and brought it up to ear.
The accountant sighed heavily as if a major weight had been lifted from his shoulders. He quickly jotted down the request about US smuggling, relieved he had something to make his boss happy. Deflecting any ire Moriarty might have had against him away.
John waved for Hindi and Blackwood to take point. Off to John’s left, Bill Murry walked. His L85 held at the ready in front of him.
Then it happened, and completely by accident. He was given a high-profile case. A theft at an art gallery. It was supposed to have been a simple robbery. A smash and grab but it turned into a frontpage event. During a reception for a prominent artist, some kids threw a brick through the front window of the gallery in an attempt to steal something. The crowd inside had turned to watch the boys grab two cheap paintings of limited note and the guards chased after them. When the guests turned around, the main display case was empty. A large painting, eight feet by thee feet, was gone. No one saw a thing. No one knew what had happened. It was a case that would make Greg’s career or destroy it.
Moran watched as the two Holmes left John’s hospital room and walked down the hall. He could hear the two of them arguing. He moved quickly. He pushed the wheelchair into John’s room. The omega was still sleeping in the bed as the door silently closed behind him.
Sherlock glanced away from John and back to his book. “We could share the bed,” he suggested softly.
John waited as Sherlock ran a series of deductions through his head. Then he said very calmly and very softly. “No, I didn’t quit. I called Frankie and told him I couldn’t come in tonight. He understood when I told him why.”
“If you know I was in Afghanistan then you bloody well know I didn’t retire. It wasn’t my choice to leave. I would still be there if I could be and not driving around London with a snake!”
Moran’s rifle followed his boss as the man started walking across the pool deck. One shot, that was all he needed. One shot.
“That would be a logical conclusion. I assure you that I do not consider you a rebound from Victor, but I could see were you would have reason to doubt me. Stupid as it maybe.”
John did not return that night. He did late the following afternoon. He stepped into the flat expecting to find Sherlock still sitting in his chair but the flat was empty. The risotto was still in the skillet resting on the counter. Cold and congealed.
“Yes, they are my men.” Jim said as he examined the books on Mycroft’s shelves. “And before you ask . . . our darling Anthea has been working for me the whole time.”
“I work for you, Jim. I’m yours.” Moran said as calmly as he could. “I promise to do whatever you ask.”
“Oh, my deepest apologies.” Culverton Smith oozed. “So, he left you to raise your children alone, did he?”
John closed his eyes, wondering if it was possible for him to slide down the shower drain and disappear. It wasn’t he was embarrassed to be naked around another man. That disappeared years ago from being in the locker room. The embarrassment came from the man he was now going to be naked in front of was Sherlock. Someone he obviously was interested in and shouldn’t be. He wrapped the towel tightly around his waist and took a steadying breath before stepping out of the bathroom.
Ryan slipped off the bed and pushed the muzzle of the gun into John’s ribs as sneering man grabbed John’s elbow and pushed him through the curtain. The hallway was crowded now. There had been a fight at pub and several of the brawlers had been brought in by the police. Cora was busy with officer who was giving her information about the fight. She never saw John and two men walk pass her desk and out the entrance. Pass the police and the bleeding patients.
“Forgive me sir. Lady Smallwood was called away. She will be returning in less than an hour and requested that you stay.”
“Hydrogen sulfide. Very poisonous, very fast. Less than five parts per million is lethal. You are lucky the windows were open when you walked into that flat, Lestrade. It was a deathtrap.”
Sherlock ignored his mother and brother. “You will not interfere with anyone I wish to become friends with.”
Greg cleared his throat very pointedly, interrupting Mycroft’s statement. The older Holmes glanced down in his own derision.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders and held him there. He stayed awake as his mind slipped back to earlier.
Sherlock held up the thumb drive for his brother to see. Mycroft’s eyes suddenly opened wide. He lunged forward to grab the memory stick, but Sherlock quickly pulled it away. John pushed forward to block Mycroft from getting too close to the omega. Sherlock smiled as he shoved the thumb drive deep into his pockets.
He felt since this was the house he had grown up in, then there was no reason to treat it as anything other than his second home. His first home of course being in London. He didn’t knock on the front door of the house. Instead he simple walked in. Or at least he tried. The door was locked. Another oddity. He rolled his eyes and sighed as he used the brass doorknocker.
“SAY THAT AGAIN! . . . Say that again and know if you are lying to me I will find you and I will skin you.”
“Well, I guess when two men are shot at the same time, and bleed together, they have a special connection.” He reached out and patted John’s good shoulder.
“Capt’n said I was to take your clothes and wash them. The salt water will make ‘em itchy if I don’t.”
Sherlock watch as well as felt John’s fingers skim over his clothed penis. It sent a shiver up his spine. He groaned as he struggled to open John’s jeans. The concentration it took seem insurmountable as John ghosted over his swollen length.
“I thought you were leaving.” John said before he took a sip. The alcohol burned slightly but the peaty smoky taste was smooth. “This isn’t well.”
And John was handsome. Moran knew that most of the alphas on the base coveted the young omega. Although, the men had accepted  John as an officer and soldier, many still desired after the omega beneath. And why not. John Watson was desirable. He was strong and resilient. Although, not as heavily muscled as the alphas, John’s arms and legs were defined with ropes of muscles and sinew. His hands showed hard work. His blonde hair was bleached lighter by the sun, setting off his tan skin. His eyes were a remarkable blue that Moran could stare at for as long as the omega would let him. But John’s smile. His knowing and smug smile. That is what grabbed Moran’s heart and held it tight.
“So he professes, but one has his doubts.” Sherlock said wondering how the conversation turned so quickly to Mycroft.
“You can not refuse. We are both on the committee. Tonight the recipients for the grants will be announced. We are both expected.”
The older man kept close to John. His lips closing over John’s pulse point. Licking up John’s throat, he kissed John’s open mouth.
“Good for you, John.” Moran said as he watched the two men. He slipped back into his hiding space, then he watched John tackle the alpha and place him in a head lock.
Sherlock took the man’s hat and coat. He tossed the man into the bench seat and closed it up. Then Sherlock took a bit of cloth and tied it like a bandage over part of his face. Hiding his dark curls under the rag and hat. He took the man’s lamp and slowly left the room.
Sherlock sat on the railing then threw his feet over. He stepped on the edge and turned to face Barr. He nodded once, then leaned far back. Putting his body perpendicular to the ship. Slowly Sherlock repelled  down the side of the ship. He walked right down to John who was surprised to see the younger man hanging by a single rope.
“Please don’t feel oblige to tell me that was remarkable or amazing . . . John has expressed that thought in every possible variant to English language.”
“Sherlock, there is a seventy-year-old assassin running around London gassing rogue Russian generals?” John asked skeptically.
John didn’t care about the man in the bed, but he did care about Sherlock. John could tell that seeing his brother this way was effecting Sherlock and badly. Sherlock’s normal aloof expression was replaced with doubt and fear. Lines creased at the corners of the silver blue eyes. Sherlock’s mouth was pulled into a thin line as the young man’s hands grasped Mycroft’s umbrella tightly. His knuckles turning white from the pressure. Sherlock’s eyes darted from Mycroft’s face to the IV needle in his arm then to the machine measuring out his medication, then back to Mycroft’s face again.
He pushed Sherlock down to his knees. Sherlock hesitated and glanced up to where he had last seen Watson. John was gone. Sherlock reached for one of the brushes and began to scrub the deck.
Sherlock took a deep breath and tried to compose himself. John remained silent and let the man struggle through his emotions.
It was getting darker and John was not making any attempt to return to Baker Street. Moran wondered why John was out alone, without his alpha at this time of night. A sudden thought came to him. Now was the time to take John. Now was the time to take what was his. If Holmes was too stupid to keep John locked up and safe, he deserved to lose the omega. John would be Moran’s.
An eloquent smile came to Mycroft’s face. “I have a talented and expedient agent here in London. As soon as the news of my return was released, they made arrangements for my return. My home here has been opened up and prepared for my arrival. As well as new wardrobe waiting for me. My agent has made the arrangements with my tailor.”
“I’m the one going out. You brought him here, you deal with him.” James said. “Anything special you want to see him in?”
The image did not help John’s anxiety. He grabbed his clothes off the floor and quickly put them on.
That night months ago came rushing back to Sherlock. The school and the man in the taddy jumper offering Sherlock a choice. Sherlock holding the vial up to the light checking for any indication if what he held in his hand was deadly or not. The hesitation as he held the capsule towards his lips. The thrill and exhilaration that pumped through his body. The sound of the gun shot and watching Hope fall limp to the floor.
“You didn’t have to do it, Sherlock. We could have worked together. We could have protected each other.” John stepped forward and cupped Sherlock’s face between his palms as he pleaded with the man.
Mycroft leaned his head back into the pillow. His eyes fluttered and he gasped slightly. Smith moved away from the bed and slipped the syringe into the Sharps container on the wall.
“Three clicks north of Kajaki Dam. In a wadi. Near the ruins of a settlement.” The young man relayed the coordinates.
“You will be cooperative? You will accompany me to England and not harm yourself?” Magnussen asked as if he was negotiating a business arrangement.
“Your paramour has left you and you feel you need take your anger out on me?” Sherlock asked as he leaned against the table.
“I just didn’t want to sleep at my place. You know how it is.” John said as he poured some milk into his coffee.
John smirked and wrapped his hand around the alpha’s cock and squeezed it slightly. Sherlock moaned.
The detective noticed the rosy pink blush to John’s cheeks as the omega shivered. Sherlock smiled and leaned heavier into John’s side.
Mycroft uncrossed his legs and sat forward. Sherlock remained still but his eyes swept quickly over the new arrival. Jim was dressed immaculately. He seemed unconcerned. This worried Sherlock.
Sherlock hesitated in his rant and finally looked at John. Sherlock’s eyes were red and tears began to swim at the corners. Sherlock’s lips were pulled down in a pout and John would have found him adorable if he wasn’t so frustrated with the man at that moment.
Moriarty quickly turned and fired the gun. The noise was sharp and painful in the small enclosed room. The bullet tore through Moran’s left shoulder. The man stumbled backwards and crumbled to the floor as blood soaked through his shirt. John lunged forward and wrapped his arms around the falling man. Easing him to the floor. His trained hands immediately went to the wound.
Mycroft had never seen Sherlock as distraught as he was now. He watched as Sherlock paced and held his son close. Mycroft had never realized how important John had become to Sherlock. The older brother felt a weight pressed upon his chest. He was as equally responsible for Sherlock’s infatuation with Irene Adler. He had thrown her at Sherlock without knowing how tempting she would be to him. Mycroft desperately wanted to ease his younger brother’s fears but he was at a loss.
“No, if he knew who was responsible, he would have sent the man-a-war after them. He wouldn’t try to retrieve me. He is still in the dark and we are the only one who can unravel this. We need to work together to get this done.”
2005       The day after he broke up with Anna, Sherlock reappeared in John’s life. He showed up in John’s class again. Sherlock was standing on the stairs looking up at John who was already sitting in his seat in the lecture hall. The two men just looked at each other, then John moved his books out of the way so Sherlock could sit down next to him. He settled into the seat beside John stretching his long legs out in front of himself and into the aisle. When the anatomy professor entered to give his lecture, Sherlock growled.
“Tracking down a lead, Holmes. I was involved on a raid over in Mile’s End tonight. Guess what I found.” Dimmock teased.
Older men would rush in and grab a woman. Quickly pushing her into a dark corner to huff and grunt over her before quickly buttoning up his trousers and tossing the coins on the ground. Sometimes, Michelle wondered if they even paused to look at her face.
“I have repeatedly informed my family I will not entertain the thought of a bonding.” Sherlock’s hand slipped around the door handle of the car.
Mycroft could hear the fear and confusion in his younger brother’s voice. Suddenly, and for the first time in a long time, Mycroft felt a twinge of emotion. A need to protect his sibling.
John’s anxiety had reached his breaking point. He wanted to grab Sherlock and flee. He leaned closer and said. “He isn’t coming. Let’s go.”
Moran was dead. A single gunshot wound to the chest. Severed the aorta and Moran had bled out into his chest in mere seconds. There was no way John could have saved his life even if he had tried.
“You keep saying that, but when I reminded you that we kissed, I noticed your interest was whether or not I enjoyed it.” Sherlock stepped closer and leaned into John’s space. He towered over the blonde, looking intently in the man’s blue eyes. “The answer is yes, I did, very much. I find you interesting.”
They continued to kiss as John and Sherlock fumbled to remove clothing. Sherlock arched up moaning as John slipped his fingers into the omega to see if Sherlock was ready for him.
“I’m going to fix a fry up. Should I make it for two?” John asked as he set a cup of sweetened coffee near Sherlock’s hand.
He hesitated for a moment, then leaped. His hand grabbed the branch, the bark cut into his skin, stinging. He swung himself over until his feet touched another limb.
The coroner had insisted that the numerous bruises varied in age and couldn’t have all been caused by the fall. He couldn’t stipulate that the twelve story drop was the cause of the skull fracture, but he also couldn’t say it wasn’t. After the ‘suicide’ of the omega, many started to question the death of Magnussen’s first omega. That omega had died at home. The death certificate listed a heart condition as cause of death, but no autopsy had been performed. The body had been quickly cremated. Rumors persisted that the omega had been beaten to death by Magnussen.
The only thing he hated more than the building was the owner, Charles Augustus Magnussen. The man was a spider. Evil and deadly. The obsequious narcissist seemed to ooze across the room as he sat down on the white leather couches. (Something else Moran hated about Appledore – the decor. Too much white. Far too difficult to hide blood stains.) Magnussen’s dark eyes were lifeless and glassy. Like a spider’s eyes. He looked emaciated and weak, but Moran knew that was only a disguise. The man was ruthless and cruel. He enjoyed tormenting his victims instead of killing them outright. Draining them of their blood. Moran was certain that as a child, Magnussen would have pulled the wings off a butterfly before feeding it slowly to a pile of hungry ants.
“I didn’t.” Sherlock said still not looking at John. “Not until I knelt . . . when I removed the bomb, I scented you.”
“The message implies we are both guilty of harming the sender. How many individuals could that encompass?”
The medic that the omega had called Murray started to push Moran’s gurney away. Moran twisted and looked over at the young doctor. He wanted to stay near the omega. Moran found him calming and reassuring.
“I’m intelligent enough to avoid becoming a prostitute to acquire my drugs. Yes, I lived on the streets. Yes, I
The secretary left and the man went to the fireplace again. He grabbed the poker and stabbed at the burning wood. He shifted the logs around and made sure the paper he had burned was completely destroyed. He didn’t need any evidence of his duplicity.
Mrs. Hudson nodded as she closed the back door. The driver glanced at John in the back seat. Sherlock was practically sitting in John’s lap.
“That is what I’m asking you? Are you afraid of me?” John turned and looked right into Sherlock’s eyes.
John was having to rely on Sherlock to keep him standing. His own legs were unable to maintain his weight. He was limp and wrung out. He didn’t even care when Sherlock wipe his hand on John’s shirt. The sticky remains of his cum soaking through the cloth and cooling on John’s skin.
“The number is blocked. Who is that? Is that the murderer?” John asked. Was it the man he was looking for that just called him?
“She will have an accident in a few days and will need to be admitted into hospital.” Moriarty smiled at the shorter man.
Sherlock’s mind moved to John Watson. The young medical student with the bluest eyes he had ever seen. They were warm and inviting. Kind. Not like Victor’s eyes. John had been kind. He had said kind things. Sherlock couldn’t remember the last time anyone had been kind to him.
He pulled his hands way from his face and looked down at them. They were trembling. A slight shake but with significant ramifications. He was falling apart, because fifteen years ago, he couldn’t hold his frightened brother. He couldn’t let himself cry with the boy. He didn’t let Sherlock grieve and allow himself to grieve with him.
He watched as the door of the residence swung open violently and John stepped out onto the pavement. John’s face was an angry red scowl. The omega shoved his fists deep in the pockets of his black coat. Moran watched as John started to walk off alone. He felt a sudden pull to the man. He quickly grabbed his coat and went after John.
John was watching the CCTV camera when he noticed a small attic window in each unit. It was centered on the roof at the back of each house. The roof of each house was connected to the house on each side making on continuous roofline for the entire block.
Mycroft pulled Sherlock through the crowd, nodding and smiling at people who greeted them. Salutations and solicitations were offered from every direction. Sherlock walked stiffly beside his brother. Mycroft’s hand still wrapped around Sherlock’s elbow like a vise.
“You lied. He does not wish to bond with you.” Mycroft said softly. He rebuked himself for doubting Sherlock.
“Shut up! You don’t know what you are talking about!” John spun and looked like he was going to attack the Major.
Moran wondered if that was the reason why James had insisted on the two of them bonding in the first place. James had been a powerful omega but now as a bonded omega he was given legitimacy. Before, he would garner sideway glances and muttered comments. Now as Moran’s bond mate, he could walk into a room and have instantaneous respect. The thought increased Moran’s self-loathing. To know he was only there as window dressing and a visible threat and James actually had no emotional connection with him.
Corporal Bill Murry had found John laying in on the ground after he had been shot. Murry dragged John back into the compound. John’s blood stained the dirt and left a trail from the river’s edge to inside the walls. James came running out and he saw John’s lifeless body. A medic tried desperately to stop the bleeding. As soon as a helicopter was ready, John was Medi-Vac back to Camp Bastion. James tried to get on to the helicopter with John, but Bennett stopped him. Ordering the man to stand down.
Moran shift and lifted himself off John’s body. The smaller man stayed motionless on the bed as he tried to catch his breath. Moran laughed again while he watched John.
Just before he reached him, Frankie looked up and saw Sherlock coming. Frankie said something and the other man at the table turned to look at Sherlock. There was something familiar about the man. He had dark hair and pale skin. His eye were very dark, almost black.
He was not one of the patients the attending was lecturing on and John was about to walk away when he looked at the man’s face again. It was Wilderbrant.
“I would do the same thing. I would send him away. Sentiment is for the losing side, Sherlock. Remember that.”
Moran turned and looked at the young man sitting in the front seat of the truck he had been riding in. The boy was maybe twenty. He hadn’t been smart mouthed with Moran. Hadn’t made a pain of himself yet. He looked back at the omega.
“We don’t usually see you this time of day. Anything special going on?” Roberta tried to sound relax but her voice trembled slightly and she blushed as John kept smiling at her.
As the class filed out, John was slow to leave. Waiting till everyone else had left before he approached Sherlock.
The heroin finally reached all of Sherlock’s receptors. His body sagged and slid further down the wall. He laid naked on the floor of the bathroom as the drug took away his anguish, both physical and emotional. He was floating away on a blue sea. The same shade of blue as John’s eyes.
“I assure you that whomever I bring to you will be who you are looking for. He will be guilty and you will have your spider. All for the low cost of my soul.” Sherlock glowered at his brother.
The two heard the door open. There were soft voices, then the sound of a single set of footsteps climbing the stairs.
“Two hundred and I’ll leave.” Dimmock said. “No one needs know you were there tonight. That includes your brother.”
Sebastian Moran quickly pulled the gun from behind his back. He fired twice. Both rounds punctured holes in the attorney’s chest. Crimson blood oozed from the holes and stained the white shirt.
“The police are now under the opinion that you are lying for your former, or should I say, present lover.” Mycroft pouted and stood up. “I told you Sherlock that reconnecting with John Watson would be detrimental to your recovery. I will have to reconsider if you should be allowed any further association with the Scotland Yard.”
The older man continued and Hinde interpreted. “The local doctor removed the bullet but she has a fever. She is not getting better. He is afraid she will die.”
This day Moran was sitting in the window and watched as Holmes and John had returned from shopping. The alpha growled as he watched John carry the white shopping bags while Holmes studied his phone. Moran watched from the opposite flat at the three people inside. Holmes and that woman, Adler, and his John. The omega was sitting at the desk and was obviously upset. He could tell by the slope of John’s shoulders and the stiffness he held in his back. Moran wondered why Holmes had not noticed John’s discomfort. Why Holmes was allowing Adler into his flat with the pregnant omega.
Sherlock’s hands held John’s face as the alpha’s hands roamed over the omega’s body. John widened his stance and pulled Sherlock tighter into himself. The kiss ended and Sherlock pulled back far enough to focus on John’s eyes.
Flashes of an evening came floating back to Sherlock. “I remember. You were insistent. It was – off putting.”
“Sherlock, I’m supposed to stay here to keep an eye on you. You go lay down and I’ll sit in the corner of the room and keep a watchful eye.”
“I didn’t solve it. I didn’t even tell Lestrade my suspicions.” Sherlock said as he glanced around the room. “But it was this hospital. Probably this floor.”
“People leave me.” Sherlock said quietly. He glanced away again then looked back. His expression had become distant and shut off from John. “It hurt every time someone left. I began to believe that something was so horribly wrong with me that people would leave me. That I wasn’t worth anyone staying around for. I was frightened about being left again. So I let Victor hurt me just as long as he didn’t leave me. He used my fear against me.”
Moran went to attack again, but John held his wrist tight. “Please, Seb, don’t make a scene. That would be just what Mycroft would want. Proof for him to insist on interfering more.” John stood up. “Do you have a car?”
Sherlock was still on the floor trying to reach for the gun. John rushed over and pulled the man up to his feet.
John laid still listening to the rain hit the window. It was dark now and John was not sure if it was the night after his son was born or several nights after William was born. He wasn’t sure how long he had been unconscious. How long had Moran kept him drugged?
“Oh what now!? I’m in shock! See, I have a blanket.” Sherlock said as he tugged on the corner of the orange blanket.
Sherlock didn’t wait to see the emotional blow the words had on Mycroft. He rushed from the room and felt more invigorated than he had in months. He now had a way back to John and regardless of what John said, Sherlock knew they should be together.
“We do not agree on anything except wanting to see Sherlock safe and protected. You must admit that you are the least able between the two of us to do so.”
“And that is why he has treated you twice for some injury.” Mycroft said as he leaned forward in his chair. “And yes, I know you are not sick. You were injured, probably a gunshot wound. That would explain why Gregory came here.”
The sound of pounding pulled Mycroft from his sleep. His head felt like it was in a vise grip. A drum mallet hammered from the inside out of his skull. He leaned forward and rested his face in his hands. The pounding continued. He opened his eyes and looked around the room. He recognized the living room of the Infinity Suite of the Langham. The sun was shining in the bank of windows behind him. He glanced at his watch. It was seven in the morning. He had apparently fallen asleep, but where was Elizabeth?
“I don’t know. I don’t have enough information. I need information before I can make a deduction.” Sherlock rattled.
Sherlock looked at the third photo and tried to not let his emotions show on his face. The blonde was leaning over John and kissing him. The two were still on the dance floor. The other dancers were ignoring the two men. John’s hands were resting on the blonde’s shoulders.
Sherlock’s hand slipped down and palmed at John’s jeans. He pressed the bulge there and whispered into John’s hair.
His throat burned as he spoke to Irene. He desperately forced the tears back. He felt he could see the future. He would have Sherlock’s pup, but Irene would have Sherlock. John would be passed to the back. No longer an importance to the man except at the parent to his child.
It felt so natural to John. He wondered why he had hesitated to even start in the first place. This was Sherlock he was kissing. His friend, but something even more.
But that couldn’t be. Greg Lestrade couldn’t claim the unusual omega for his own. He had to be a realist. Sherlock would never be the type of omega who would crave the life of domesticity. He would consider pups a burden and not a joy. Greg knew that Sherlock wanted adventure. He wanted excitement and challenge. Sherlock would tire of him quickly. Greg could never be the alpha that Sherlock needed or wanted. The alpha for Sherlock had to be as addicted to danger as much as the omega.
“I’ve been reading John’s journals. He’s leaned things about healing with plants and various chemical compounds. He understands about medicines. He’s been collecting formularies.”
He opened the door as soon as the car pulled to the kerb. He was not going to wait for the driver to open it for him. He stepped out and opened the door of his flat. He could hear Sherlock upstairs abusing his violin. Playing some abstract piece of music that was written to put one’s teeth on edge. He slowly walked up the stairs and into the front room. The fire was burning in the fireplace grate. He noticed it didn’t take the chill off the room. He could still smell Irene in the flat. All of it made him sadder.
Afterwards, Sherlock pulled him close and wouldn’t let John leave. They fell asleep holding each other. Breathing in each other’s air and for a brief moment letting their heartbeats synchronize.
Hyde-Dower hesitated for a moment. He wondered if he should tell Moran the truth or keep trying to question him.
Mycroft had guards standing by the nursery and at the every exit to the hospital. His driver had taken his mother and father home. He reviewed the information sent to him by his assistant, Anthea, regarding the CCTV feed showing Sebastian Moran wheeling an unconscious John Watson from the hospital. The car he had been put into was lost in the traffic and Anthea had not been able to track where it had gone once the car drove over the river heading south.
Sherlock laid his head back down into the pillow and waited. It wasn’t long until a middle-aged woman came into the room. Her plain brown hair was twisted up into a bun at the back of her skull. Her face was narrow and her muddy brown eyes seemed to be too far apart for her face. She was not dressed as a nurse at all. She wore pale brown cotton blouse and dark wool slacks. Her shoes were leather loafers with crepe soles. The only indication she was medical personnel was the stethoscope looped behind her neck.
Sherlock was stunned. It took him almost a minute to realize what had happened. Sholto was still dragging Sherlock to the railing when John came leaping over from the Morstan.
John set his pack down in his tent and scrubbed the blood off his hands. Changing his uniform was out of question, so he just splashed some water on his face. He limped into the Communication warren. The small amount of morphine that John took reduced the pain but not completely. His leg still hurt but he was now feeling giddy.
John’s eyes opened and he glanced around the room. Relieved to see he was in his cabin and he recognized the faces of the men standing over him.
“That’s nothing to cry about.” John purred, wrapping his arms tighter around Sherlock. “It’s just a few months, and then you’ll see. It will alright.”
John glanced up and down the street. A cab came into view and he waved his hand. The driver pulled over and John got in.
“I’m afraid that I won’t be able to stay very long today to discuss any . . . new proposals. But if you contact my office, my secretary will make an appointment for you.” Mycroft said as he tried to retrieve his hand back from Smith. The shorter man refused to let go.
Moran was a good lover. He took his time and made sure John was enjoying himself. He waited till John came before he finally sped up his thrusts and poured himself inside John’s body. He used a warm damp flannel to clean the doctor, before he laid down beside him and pulled him close. Moran left light warm kisses down the back of John’s neck as he spooned up behind the smaller man. He waited to feel John slip off to sleep in his arms, but John didn’t.
“At least a couple of hours.” The young officer was more than willing to talk to the older alpha who kept flattering him. “The detectives don’t know much right now.”
“Where have you been?” Sherlock growled as he moved down John’s neck. Biting into the muscles that connected John’s neck and shoulder.
James set the plated down next to his chair. He stood up and retrieved the newspaper as John stole the last piece of toast. James opened the paper and folded to the back pages.
They were a day out of St. Thomas when McMath saw his chance. It was early evening and the ship was sailing into the setting sun. Holmes was in the forecastle with Blackwood. He was sitting down, hunched over the worktable. Blackwood had allowed Holmes to use the delicate tools Blackwood used to repair the muskets and pistols. McMath watched as Blackwood left and left Holmes alone.
Mike Stamford, a roundish man with thinning brown hair, knelt down beside Sherlock. He looked at the man’s wrists and ankles. The bleeding was slight but the skin had been rubbed raw.
Why was Sherlock so ignorant? He had thought Mycroft was speaking of his virginity. Something he never considered valuable but yet something he had maintained even though many had wanted to claim it. But what John took was something far more valuable and far more enigmatic than what some ludicrously called Sherlock’s innocence. John Watson, soldier and healer, took Sherlock’s heart.
“You still haven’t explained about Sholto. Why was he killed? Was it because of John? Or was he another one of your associates like Victor?”
John leaned down and placed a lingering kiss to Sherlock’s temple. His tongue tasting the slight hint of salt along with Sherlock’s sweetness. The scent of his omega warmed John and he felt a tightness to his abdomen.
“Unacceptable. I am the pack alpha. It is my responsibility to find you a suitable alpha to bond with.” Mycroft said.
“He might not, but I will surely have you arrested on charges you will never be able to defend yourself against. Even if I have to invent them.” Mycroft said.
“I could have easily caught the tube. You don’t need to take me back.” John said as he turned to see a different man driving the car instead of Ryan. John glanced sideways and saw the last person he ever wanted to see again. He reached for the door handle but the door was already locked and car was speeding away from the kerb.
The bedroom door banged open and Sherlock stepped out in his dark blue dressing gown. He wore a pair of pajama bottoms and a tatty t-shirt under the elegant silk gown. His bare feet patted across the wood floor and onto the carpet.
Dr. Owens smiled and walked to the door, still carrying the tray of cut up scraps. She opened the door and spoke to someone outside.
The room had floor to ceiling bookshelves. There were butter soft leather chairs and the largest oak desk he could purchase. The oriental rugs on the floor his father had brought back from Persia decades before. The mantel above the fireplace was carved Carrara marble. He let the ambiance of the room fill him. The scent of leather and old books and home.
Blackwood grabbed Roylott’s and yanked him to the rail. Blackwood was shouting for the long boats of the Band to be placed in the water. Then he shoved Roylott over the side of the boat. The man hit the water hard and came up sputtering and cursing.
It took almost a half hour for Sherlock’s pulse rate to return to normal and for his eyes to properly focus. The whole time Sherlock was mumbling. John only caught phrases and names. Jim and Dimmock were two he could understand. John didn’t want to know what had happened. All he cared about was Sherlock and trying to get the man sober again.
“Alright, to work everyone. This ship won’t repair itself.” John turned towards his crew. “McMath, I want an accounting of how much powder and ammo we have left. Barr get those rails replaced and ready for sanding. James, how is the canvas?”
“Yes, you didn’t expect me to use the sheet I slept on did you?” Sherlock looked up at John with supercilious attitude.
“You needed to know . . . for your own safety.” The words tasted sour in Sherlock’s mouth. Too many times those words were used to excuse the pain that was being caused.
He opened the rusty gate and listened to the metal hinges scream in complaint. The concrete pavement was broken and crumbled under his footsteps. He slowly stepped up to the door and entered the building. It was dark. He found the light switch to the right of the door and flicked it up. The room illuminated by a two light bulbs in a ceiling fixture. The glass cover was long gone and probably broken somewhere in the garbage accumulated in the corner of the front room. The plaster walls were partially exposed under the torn and peeling wallpaper.
Sherlock shrugged and looked away from John. John twisted and folded his legs under himself, sitting next to Sherlock on the bed.
“Sherlock! For the love of God, stop!” John shouted then regretted. He grabbed either side of his head and closed his eyes. “Just give me some paracetamol and some water, please.”
The two young men fell into a set of bins. The leg of John’s jeans got torn as he scrambled on the asphalt. Sherlock was already on his feet and grabbing John’s elbow. The two took off running down the alley way and disappeared into the night.
“Even if I was overwhelmed by work, I would still place seeing you above it all.” Mycroft patted the back of her hand. He tried to sound trite but there was a sliver of emotion in his voice.
’ But John held back. He would have Sherlock as his own but only when the omega wanted him too. John sucked hard on the scent gland and growled as the bloom of dark bruise started to form.
“No, it has to be Jim Moriarty, but he had help. Someone who no one would question why they are there. Someone who is above reproach.”
Sherlock stared at the computer screen showing the CCTV video feed. For over an hour Sherlock watched the three different feeds of the video from the day that Lady Smallwood, Cavendish and the young singer died. He saw nothing. No one walked down the hall of the hospital. There were no unusual shifts in the lighting. Nothing to make him think anyone had walked into the hospital room to murder anyone.
“It may interest you to know, sire, that James has an alliance with the French.” Mycroft said in a conspirator tone.
John and James returned to London after both men had been medically discharged from the military. They found themselves without employment but with some very specific skill sets.
He leaned against the dirt wall that protected this side of the base from a river approach. As he looked out over the swirling mud he thought of John. Of the omega doctor who didn’t act like any omega he ever met. John was perfect. He was everything the alpha wanted in a mate. John was self-reliant and determined. He was intelligent and strong. He was fearless and brave. John would never question Moran’s choices; he would gladly follow Moran where ever the soldier was sent on deployment. He would be a comrade as well as a mate.
The rest of the squad came to where John and Blackwood were. They watched as John poured ‘Quick-clot’ into the wound. Murry asked who had killed the man with the knife, John said he didn’t know.
Sherlock seemed confused for a moment, then resigned. He took the soldier’s hand and shook it firmly.
This of course gave King James more reason to despise Mycroft Holmes and wish for his head on a pike before London’s gate.
“You have him by his balls.” John smiled at Sherlock. A spark of pride brightened John’s sapphire blue eyes.
“Thank you, Sir Henry.” Mycroft waited until the man had turned away. He thinned his lips as he scanned the crowd again.
Sherlock’s attention was fixed on Rampant. He didn’t notice the door open behind the alpha. Suddenly, the alpha screamed. His hold slacken on Sherlock’s neck, but he didn’t let go. Sherlock saw John standing behind the alpha. John’s eyes were cold and hard. His jaw locked and his face emotionless.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and sat down in a chair near the lit fireplace. He crossed his long legs and glared patronizingly at his brother.
“You can do and say whatever you like, dear brother, but you will do it here in Bridgetown under the supervision of the governor. Now go to bed. I need to concentrate on my packing before I leave on the morning tide.”
“Look at the photo. It’s the same man. Liski is Litkin.” Sherlock waved his hand at the photograph he had handed to Greg.
Mycroft turned around and saw Sherlock standing in the doorway leading to the kitchen. John Watson was standing behind the omega looking over his shoulder. Watson had a scowl on his face.
Mycroft didn’t argue with him. He dismissed Lestrade’s comment as one would about someone commenting on the weather.
Lady Smallwood held out her hand and Mycroft dutifully took it and shook it gently. He felt the sudden squeeze of Lady Smallwood’s diminutive hand. ‘
Sherlock smiled. “The police showed up to raid drug sales that were going down in the other rooms. I had already bought my party favors but Wilkes took my stash and apparently used most of it in the bathroom where you found him.”
Before Ryan could answer the other man pushed himself off the wall and looked John up and down. A sneer was curling the man’s mouth into an unattractive smile.
The man who had brought the kid in stood off to the side and watched as John and nurses started to work. They cut off his dirty clothes and left the boy naked on the gurney. A central line was inserted into the boy’s clavicle vein because the veins in his arms were collapsed. The heart monitor beeped frighteningly slow as John slipped an intubation tube down the kid’s throat.
“Well, when he ‘eard, he was going to cut you from the team. I sent some boys over to explain to ‘im that was a bad idea.”
The young man was examining the hand of the deceased then glancing back to crime scene photos. The photos were from the autopsy file that Sherlock had read as soon as he entered the lab. John glanced down at the man on the table. He was an older white male. He was obese but not morbidly. There were signs of heart disease and possible high blood pressure in his eyes and skin. But his cause of death was evident. The single gunshot wound to the side of his head.
Sherlock clapped his hands together and rushed over to the desk. He started rummaging through the papers and books crowded on top of it.
“You couldn’t stop me if I wanted to take John away but . . . but I made a mistake . . . I thought John and I . . .” He closed his eyes and sucked in a breath through his clenched teeth. “Just help me get him back from James. He will hurt John and I . . . neither of us want that.”
The other ship was in complete disarray. Some of it’s sails were up, some were down and some were tangled in the rigging. The Morstan sailed right across its path, crossing the T. If the Morstan fired again, the ship would be at her mercy.
“No, but there is something I would like to state.” Sherlock interrupted the man. “You’re an idiot.”
“I didn’t lose my hand and I won’t take his hand away either. I’ll just make sure it is so damaged, that Mycroft won’t be able to use it again.” Moriarty smiled.
