“Five, Captain.”
“My personal experience doesn’t prevent me from being able to objectively understand-”
“Again!”
“No, Bishop, I mean, he doesn’t own a hotel, but his mother was named Kristieanne.”
While everyone stands to leave the room, Holt turns to Sherlock.
Stop that right now. He is meant for one person and one person only. Santiago remember what we discussed. You can do this.
God he’s so beautiful. I could cut myself slapping those cheekbones.
“Stop staring at him dear.” Ms Adler whispered and steered Holmes to their first interview.
They walked into the office and there it was, in the middle of the experiment table.
“If you interrogate Dr. Watson now and determine his innocence, will that clear him to work as my consultant?”
“What? How?” Moriarty asked angrily.
Lestrade’s face was a mix of confusion, curiosity, and anger.
“Yes, sir.”
LESTRADE
“Why?” Wiggins asked.
“Another twenty minutes and it’s socially acceptable to leave,” Ms Adler whispered to them.
Wiggins stared. “Do you really think I didn’t do that already?”
“Says the man whose very mission is to look for a violin that can destroy a city.” John huffed humourlessly.
Holmes didn’t reply, just put his hands on his hips and looked at the floor tiles.
LESTRADE
“Which ones?”
Watson cleared his throat. They better get started before things degraded any further and someone caught on to what they really were talking about.
“John, you shouldn’t make your choice to work here based on vengeance.” Mycroft remarked patiently, but John was having none of it.
“I’m in London, I’m fine, I swear.” John reassured.
Holmes blinked. It had never even occurred to him to try. He slowly understood his mistake, and started laughing that such a small detail almost blew his cover.
She sipped her drink. “Isn’t it obvious?”
“Hey, I didn’t have time to read everything, give me a break.” John defended himself.
BOYLE
“I’m not that daft.”
“Yeah, but do you have to be such an arse about it?” He saw him lift his head. Their eyes met briefly in the glass before the cab driver told them they’d arrived.
However, she did not plan for Mrs. Hudson to run upstairs to see what all the fuss was about.The plan was doomed to fail when John came out in her bathrobe. Sherlock cursed herself for not hiding it beforehand. She was losing her touch.
“Yes, and you can do the operation. After all, it is why Mycroft hired you.”
“Yes, it is.”
“We break in during the night and bring it back before it opens and no one will know about it.”
Lestrade locked the door and crossed his arms.
Watson frowned.
“Seriously?”
“You too.” Holmes smiled warmly. “Thanks again.”
“Like a video on YouTube where you see someone walk through walls.” Sherlock offered dramatically.
“John-”
“Agent Watson.” John returned the nod. “Agent Holmes.” Mycroft said tightly before turning and walking out the office door.
Watson was staring at Holmes. “Can you sing at least?”
They put down the boxes at the bottom of the stairs and walked as quietly as they could toward the front door. Holmes had his hand on the door handle when they heard something from the office, as if something had just crashed to the floor.
She raised her chin. “Of course,” she said, and made her way back to her mark.
Sherlock moaned as he pushed forward, stuffing his mouth with cock until it hit his throat. John growled, hands moving to hold Sherlock’s head, and started thrusting. Sherlock covered his teeth with his lips and tightened the circle around John’s cock.
Stamford patted Holmes’s back. “I’ll let you work.”
“Ms Rosie.”
“I like to look put together, no matter the occasion.”
Watson briefly wondered how often Holmes must have done something similar to get himself out of a sticky situation like this one, when the back door of the building opened. A beautiful young woman in her mid-twenties stepped out, catching Holmes sitting on the top of the fence. She looked at them as she lit her cigarette, face half hidden by her light brown hair that waved down to her shoulders.
“What? Are you shy?”
“Actually, uh, Sherlock’s working on this new experiment; wanted to see if she could use your mass spectrometer and compare her results with the ones from the autopsy.” John pointed at the door over her shoulder. “She was right behind me, probably snuck out for a fag and thinks I won’t notice.”
Her nostrils were filled with
Murray was the first to run up to the stage to check Anderson.
Thankfully, John had a good explanation for this one. “It’s the end of Casablanca. They stole that from Bishop you know?”
“A gift.” John explained. “I had been waiting for a special occasion to open it.”
Lestrade smiled. “Yeah, you two really seemed to hit it off last night.”
line. "Well, I also had to make it work in the context of the movie-"
Lestrade waved John into the room. “I’ll be right in.” He closed the door and pointed to the viewing room. “You go in there.”
“Right. Well, unless you have something that will stop us from being seen by the cameras, I suggest you use the option that will be seen as the least suspicious.” John answered, doing his best to act normal while Sherlock was taking said hammer and chisel out of his coat. How much storage did that coat have? John wondered as Sherlock placed the chisel on the locker door and gently tapped it with the hammer. A wave went from the tip of the chisel and resonated throughout the locker door out to the entire locker section it was attached to.
“He is your new partner and that is final.” Mycroft said to Sherlock before turning to John. “You will be living the agent’s quarters on Baker Street. We’ll ship what you need and store the rest. Oh and we’ll need a urine and blood sample. Sherlock, you take care of showing him around and explaining the ropes. I’ll see you both in the morning.” Mycroft’s tone was final as he turned to walk out of the office.
“Just tell me what song?” Sherlock pressured. John took a breath and swallowed his growing feeling of dread before answering.
“Sherlock! You alright?” Lestrade shouted, jogging towards them.
“People are dull.”
John opens his mouth, closes it. He takes away his hand off Sherlock’s chest and takes a step back.
“Holmes, no! You shouldn’t be up there!” Lestrade jogged closer to the staircase.
Small looked unsure. “Can’t we just lay him on a rolling dolly?”
He held John’s discerning stare, keeping his arm immobile even though he was starting to feel the strain in his muscles.
“No. Maybe. I haven’t made up my mind yet. We’re not done anyway.”
“I’m so relieved, my poor dear,” Ms Adler cooed as she gently caressed his face.
Holt and Rosa make their way to the reception desk and show their badges.
“...ask you something.”
SHERLOCK
“Who now?” Holmes asked, honestly perplexed.
“You too,” Holmes replied with a smile.
“47 seconds.” John could feel the heat radiating off Sherlock at an alarming rate.
There was a low growl before Sherlock bit down on John’s trapezius, breaking their eye contact as John cried out. Sherlock’s thigh pushed between John’s legs, pressing and grinding repeatedly until John started scratching her back.
“Doing what?”
Watson took the liberty of being off duty on a government paid flight to knock back a few whiskeys. Enough to fall asleep the last three hours of the flight. He woke to a hand shaking his shoulder, which he grabbed by instinct. He opened his eyes to a frightened stewardess. He apologized profusely before grabbing his duffle and leaving quietly.
John looked down at his coffee again. He should have figured it wasn’t going to be that easy. “I think we should go to the market together.” John tried to ignore how weird that just sounded and waited.
“Good day. Still haven’t caught your name.”
“So what Jane wants doesn’t matter?” Ms Adler crossed her arms.
It’s--it’s--
“Good, good. Do you want me to do it again and then you jump in?”
“It was difficult at first, but Watson did a great job at making the process as painless as possible.”
“You don’t seem very threatened by my presence Captain.”
He pushed inside and was grateful it was empty. He paced the room a few times when the door opened and Lestrade stepped in.
What can I do to help?
Watson pushed himself off the wall and left before the song was over.
“The owner.”
Clearly, this story was different. Not for the obvious reason that it’s blank pages had killed the author, but because John could feel that it wasn’t like the other published ones. Maybe it was because it was unfinished. No, that wasn’t it. John couldn’t shake the feeling that it wasn’t as simple as that. It had something to do with what had caused Bishop’s writers block.
“That doesn’t mean it’s an artifact.” John argued.
get the door slammed in our faces because you piss people off for the sake of efficiency.” John pleaded as he rang the doorbell.
“Gentlemen,” Stamford started.
Lestrade chuckled.
Watson shook his head. “This is mad.”
“Don’t you see, Watson?” Stamford argued. “We’re killing two birds with one stone. Two very large birds that needed immediate tending to.”
The agent spun at John’s defeated tone.
“Sorry, sorry.” John apologised as he handed it to her. “Maybe this isn’t such a good idea.”
“It doesn’t work that way.”
Sherlock eyes John. John blushes.
“I just want to talk,” Watson repeated.
“Sherlock?” John’s voice was soft and a bit breathless, but the concern was clear. “You okay?”
“So, it was a cover. He wasn’t using any drugs?”
“Stay calm.” Sherlock repeated. “We can’t cover you in goo, we don’t have enough.” Sherlock began to think out loud, looking John over, probing the symbol with his gloved fingers. “So the tattoo moves to protect itself from damage, but when he-” John turned when Sherlock stopped speaking. “Oh!” he exclaimed before stretching over John to grab the bagged box.
Sherlock blinked a few times as he processed the new information and turned to the author.
For a week, not a month.
There was a general grumble around the table.
“Excuse me?
“No reason. Thank you for your time, we’ll see ourselves out.” Sherlock said before leaving the room, not bothering to check and see if John was following him.
“Ok, and what is the range of the field?”
“John Watson, may I introduce Ms. Irene Adler. Ms. Adler, our newest recruit, Agent John Watson.”
I could pickpocket him.
“Was he ever going to talk to Jane? Tell her about it? Let her choose for herself?” Holmes stood behind Ms Adler, arms crossed like her.
“Were you serious back there? About helping people?”
You don’t even deserve to breathe the same air as him.
“I’m serious, Watson is the most stubborn man I’ve ever met. Unless Holmes got down on his knees to lick his balls, I don’t see how this could have happened.”
“Oh. Okay.”
“I don’t think we’ll need it, but just in case.”
Ms Riley stared at Ms Hawkins wide eyed. “Fine.” She turned to Holmes, her eyes shooting bullets at him.
“I do, but I took one look at you and I knew all I needed to know, why bother reading it?”
investigate.
“P.T. Barnum’s Top.”
He wasn’t sure how, but Watson managed to help Holmes lie back down, pressing his head against his chest as they caught their breath.
“Come and work for me.”
John rubbed his face with his hands while the special agent was looking at his deposition. He had been in this room for over three hours now and was getting more and more aggravated at the situation. He knew he would be in trouble for getting sidetracked in the mission and loosing the suspect, but this was just ridiculous. He was the third person to whom he had told the events of the mission and was having trouble understanding how repeating it again and again to anyone that showed up was going to change what had happened.
It took forever to write his response with one hand. Sherlock kept himself on the brim until he hit send and came with the words pulsing in his mind.
Mycroft’s voice was supposed to remind John that the world was about to be destroyed but all he could think about was how little time he had until he ran back to find Sherlock’s lifeless body. He didn’t care how selfish it was for him to be more worried about one person’s life than the entire world; it didn’t change the fact that it was true. John was losing a teammate,
“Has he always been this way?” Maybe if he understood the man’s past he could find a way to connect with him, or at least listen to him.
“Fuck off.” John answered without looking back, the door closing loudly behind him.
TERRY
Holmes gasped. “Oh that’s clever. Why is that clever?”
Lestrade shifted in his chair. “What time did you get home?”
Murray stared at Holmes matter-of-factly then looked up at Small.
Dun dun duuuuuhn!
Do we have to do the stake-out?
We didn’t ‘resist’ arrest--
“Are you going to keep doing that?” Holmes mumbled to Stamford.
“Mr Holmes, what’s the biggest challenge you’re facing in taking on this role?”
“Uh? Oh, just uh...” John tried to think of what he could say to reassure them, but most of these viruses did need severe decontamination.
“Good. Good. Okay.” Watson eyed Holmes’s lips. “Come on, get out of here before they send someone.”
John’s control was wearing thin. “I take it that’s as much an explanation as I’m going to get?”
“And what is that?” John asked as Sherlock was placing it on the control box above the door. As soon as it touched the surface, it seemed to stick to it like a magnet, and the whole system went offline instantly.
The young man placed the old model in front of them, making sure not to trip on the cord.
“So nice to see the two of you getting along.” Irene told him, smiling.
“Holmes knocked out Frank Hudson.”
Stamford closed the door behind him, a broad smile on his face and a skip in his step as he headed for the stairs.
“Nothing useful at the moment. Everything is in the file.” Mycroft explained as he pointed to the folder he had previously handed to Sherlock. “I’ll leave you to your work.” He stood, umbrella in hand. “I almost forgot; congratulations, John.”
Amy points to the towboat in front of the barge.
“Mr Holmes!” Stamford shouted, his face red.
He chuckled and eyed Holmes sideways. “I think you can call me John now.”
Rosa drives off. Sherlock’s eyes stay on the car until it’s out of sight. Amy side-eyes Sherlock as she looks around the area.
Watson was staring at Holmes with a mixture of passive-aggressive outrage and amused curiosity.
As I was saying, the interrogation of Lance Turner confirmed the heist is scheduled for today.
“No.” Sherlock answered without looking up from his Farnsworth.
“Are you kidding, it’s my best line!”
Even though John had a gun to his head and was being strangled, that wouldn’t prevent him from risking his life to stop this asshole. He was smiling because he still had his hands and feet free and Manning was in range. Using everything he had, the soldier tripped Sherlock, making him fall and loose his grip on his throat. He then quickly rose up and kicked Manning, aiming for his chest, knowing he would hit his hands on the way, freeing the riding crop. The man stumbled backwards from the force of the kick, his shoulders hitting the lockers behind him, preventing him from falling to the floor. As soon as the crop left his hands, Sherlock turned and aimed at Manning, beads of sweat forming at his temples. He could see the riding crop lying in the middle of the row. He also noticed the box had fallen out of his coat and had slid further down towards the crowded the alley.  John looked from Manning to the crop, deciding to go for it. He slid across the floor and grabbed the artifact, the purple gloves contrasting with the black leather. John looked up and was blinded by the light coming from the shot Sherlock had just taken at Manning who had started to run away.
Before John had a chance to take out his own weapon, or try to figure out how the bartender fit into all this, Sherlock spoke.
“You just knocked out Frank Hudson.” Watson was standing in the doorway, looking from Hudson’s unconscious body to Holmes. “You just knocked out Frank Hudson.”
CHESTER
“Are you Mrs. Turner?”
“According to the picture on the web, it should be right here.” Sherlock answered quietly, even though he knew John wouldn’t hear him. Looking around, he saw the dust patterns on two of the podiums and empty spots on the shelves. “Things are missing. Probably sold.” Sherlock said as he twirled around. “What am I looking for, what am I looking for?” He wondered to himself until he faced the desk. “The manifest.” Sherlock noted as he walked over and looked through the papers. “Here, here, marble, Aphrodite’s, sold to a Mrs. Adams. And here is her address, it’s close.” He said as he took a picture of the page with his phone. “Let’s go, John.” He prompted as he dropped the papers and turn towards the exit, but John wasn’t moving. “John?” Sherlock repeated as he approached him. “Are you alright?” Sherlock put his hand on John’s arm to get his attention. John turned, his expression asking what was going on. Not wanting to scream, they had made enough noise with the alarm, Sherlock took out his phone. He texted John, but handed his phone to him instead of trying to make him understand to check his own.
Mentorship?
“Did it work?” Sherlock rasped.
“Tell you what?”
With his free hand, John gripped the hair on the back of Sherlock head, just above his neck, and pulled. It wasn’t particularly painful, but John had complete control over his mobility. It was degrading; Sherlock felt like a cat being held down, yet his cock remained hard.
Thanking his luck at the change of subject, John tried to remember the events, but it was causing him to choke up with emotion more than anything else. The fact that they we’re still sitting in Sherlock’s blood wasn’t helping.
“I’ll leave you alone, but I will say this: He needs time. It’s… a big step. Just… give him time.”
“Right.” Giving up on getting his partner to talk, John occupied himself with his tea.
Stamford looked worried, and it seemed to be getting worse the more he remembered.
Me too.
I am so confused.
Lestrade chuckled. “Just let him have this one.”
“What the bloody hell just happened?” Watson said, out of breath.
“The Spartan Armor.” Sherlock repeated.
“No,” John shook his head. “No washing up.” He licked his lips.
Everyone looks at Amy.
“Well
“Don’t. Move.”
Sherlock’s chair swiveled around, his foot stopping him abruptly, facing a sour faced Mycroft. John wanted to look at his partner but he needed to keep a straight face, relishing the small signs of his boss fighting to get the words out.
TERRY
John lifted the blood soaked shirt to look at the wound and saw nothing. No wound, no trace of scarring, only a clear stomach with a red sheen from the blood soaked shirt.
The word echoed loudly in the studio.
“The fate of the world, huh? I’m getting shot at because of a nutter who fancies himself a magician. I’m definitely getting suspended when this is over.” Watson rubbed his face with his hand. Well, if he was already in trouble, might as well humour him, even if he was crazy. “And how do I know you’re not, as you say, the wrong hands? What are you going to do with it?” Watson asked, even though most of his attention was on the guards. He knew that they were very close now.
After acting rehearsal, Holmes asked if he could stay in the studio to practice on his own. Stamford was happy to oblige.
“I know things have been hard since you came back from the war, and I don’t know what exactly has gotten you two in a spat, but I do know this: you have never bloody taken script notes from an actor before, much less from an undercover detective.”
I mean, you won’t regret it Mr Holmes.
BOYLE
Ms Hawkins winked back and turned to the couple. “First meeting please.”
Three murders, and they all had one thing in common: all the victims had visited this shop within 36 hours of being found bound and strangled.
been tampered with and no way of confirming it, no way of catching it and yet, here they were; trying to catch the uncatchable. Endless wonder my arse, John thought, more like endless nuisance.
Murray took no notice of Morgan’s breakdown. “Small, come over here and help me move Holmes to the infirmary.”
Stamford wiped his forehead with his handkerchief. “I wanted you to be the first to know there will be some big changes at Stamford Productions.”
, every morning wasn’t really the best way to keep him cheery. “No appearing out of thin air this morning?” He asked over his shoulder as he filled the kettle.
“I wanted coffee, figured you’d want some, what with that hangover.” He explained flatly as he turned a page, his eyes looking up briefly.
“I know, horrid. Now, I’ve been looking into her client list in the past 6 months and from what I can tell of her itinerary, she visited at least two artifact hot spots in eastern Asia and one while she was in South America. The good thing is, she was nowhere near the inactive Warehouse locations. But she did go to- ” The words streamed out of Sherlock’s mouth, speaking while taking out his notebook and putting his Farnsworth/iphone hybrid on the table to show John the client list while flipping to the right page. All this without once looking directly at John, or he would of noticed the glazed over look, evidently showing he had not heard a word his partner had just said. “Rome.” Sherlock stated, pointing to a sketch of an armor. “There’s a rumor going around that a Spartan armor could have been found. Did she really think she could cover her tracks?” Sherlock concluded, picking up his phone again to access the Warehouse database.
that he wasn’t lying.
Rosa walks away.
Adler batted her eyelashes at him, “I mean Edward is an idiot, and I’ve just run off angry, and now I’m standing here contemplating how much of an arse you were, and you come in. Is that about right, Watson?”
Ms Hawkins took one last look at the crew and state before turning to Morgan. “We’re good to go.”
“After a couple of years at the Warehouse John, the dead coming back to life is rather unremarkable in comparison to what we deal with on a daily basis.” Mycroft clarified, his eyes taking in the soldier’s distressed posture. John nodded slightly and continued pacing.
and blogged about BDSM. This couldn’t be the first time he had watched someone react to the news.
if you find it or if you change the plan.” he insisted, ignoring the eye roll he received as an answer. “I am not kidding Sherlock.” Sherlock gave him an unconvinced look, but John wasn’t letting go. “Say it.”
“Don’t do the accent.”
“No, that has nothing to do with...” John paused, concerned by where the conversation was leading them. “What, you don’t care if I die?” He was more preoccupied with the fact that he felt the need to
The sight of Irene twisting the black leather, her presence filling the air as she eyed the struggling agent, the anger in his partner’s eyes as he fought his invisible bindings; John could feel the heavy sensation in the pit of his stomach. If there were any chances of him intervening, they were gone; he was too stunned by the sight to move.
God no.
“Line?”
A faint screaming sound could be heard just before the lights of the lobby started flickering. They turned to one another with a knowing look.
“So you’ve had boyfriends?”
Holmes didn’t care if he sounded scared or that he was using Watson’s first name for the first time without permission while on LSD. The sight of him was like seeing the morning sun appear on the horizon. As soon as he stepped inside the cone of light Holmes’s eyes widened as Watson was showered with light diamonds. It was breathtaking.
Are you okay?
Don’t mess it up!
“God, yes.”
What’s wrong with my coat?
Sherlock led the way to Lestrade’s office. He didn’t bother knocking, just opened the door and walked in. Lestrade, who was eating a donut with his feet on his desk, rolled his eyes.
There was a murmur around the table; everyone knew Ms Adler had a special veto clause in her contract about her co-stars.
What? For how long?
John then saw the situation from a bird eye view and knew he should be trying to figure out how to get the crop out of Irene’s hands. It’s what any good agent or soldier would do. This woman is a guest and has no place playing with artifacts.
“Yes, Mr. Holmes.” The boy scrambled to stop the reel, barely noticing Stamford’s presence until he almost walked into him.
“Don’t-”
Establishing shot of the street, with a car stopping at a red light. Reveal Detectives ROSA DIAZ and JAKE PERALTA inside the car. Rosa is driving. The light turns green. As the car starts moving, a tall man with black curly hair and a long dark coat, SHERLOCK HOLMES, jumps in front of the car.
“How did you know the fog would be our way home?” Sherlock wasn’t even trying to hide his suspicion.
“Oh, come now, they’re good movies!”
Thrusting his tongue into John’s mouth, Sherlock clawed at him, thrilled to discover he was now undressed. John pinned him down, hands above his head. Sherlock moaned about needing to touch him, barely aware of his legs being spread apart until John was settled between them. John’s thick cock slid against Sherlock’s, while John’s thighs rubbed against his burning arse. It was incredible, the mix of pleasure and pain. The more Sherlock strained and moaned and begged, the harder John thrust and bit and licked, whispering wonderfully filthy things into his ear.
“Excuse me?” Ms Riley cut in, insulted.
John is a few feet away from a whimpering Chester, listening to the grunts, heavy breathing, and banging with a frown.
Sherlock stared at the screen. Was John serious? Did he not realise Sherlock had been consumed by fantasies about tomorrow? He had never wanked so often in his life, not even during his puberty, and it didn’t even begin to scratch the itch John had created.
She had forgotten to smell John’s hair before dying it.
Chester isn’t after the coins, he’s after the barge. Keep up, Peralta.
“The hose.” Sherlock explained breathlessly as he sat up. “Neutralise it.”
I’ll meet you there.
Sherlock’s eyes locked with John’s, silence heavy as he weighed his partner. The former soldier stood still, readying himself for the verbal onslaught. John could tell when his partner’s brain was done processing, his eyes narrowing as he took a breath.
“Nothing. I-”
“Admit it.” Lestrade shook his head. “You’re enjoying this; the attention, bossing people around, the dancing.”
Sherlock’s frowned. “Okay?”
“Rogers this is Watson. I’m at rendezvous with the suspect. Waiting for your slow asses. Over.” He said looking back towards the man, only to find no one. “What the fuck?” Watson’s head flipped around looking with the man he was holding captive, his panic rising slowly. “Fuck!” He lifted his hand to his chest and felt that the artefact was gone. “Shit. Shit shit shit!”
Sherlock attempted to kiss John again, but he stayed out of reach.
My office. Now.
Excuuuuuse me?
“It’s not for your safety. It’s a conduit. You are the source. The vehicle works on our electrical energy. Our combined energy is what makes it move. Thomas Edison built this for Thomas Ford as proof of concept and it’s perfectly safe. Now please, put your hands on the ramp.” John stared at him, fascinated by the speed with which the information came out, but put both his hands on the ramp. Off they went, between the rows in this Thomas Edison Kart that sounded like an electric wheel chair.
Watson laughed and moved onto the third stitch, making quick work of it. He cleaned, and secured his work, leaned back and slipped off his gloves. Watson looked at Holmes; judging by his frown he was probably in more pain than he was letting on.
Lestrade smiled back, and they stared at one another a moment before he knocked at Stamford’s office.
“No. I saw everything I needed to know in the first twenty seconds of meeting you.”
“Shut up. I don’t have the experience or the knowledge to deal with this thing. But you do, so shut your mouth and find a way to stop whatever this thing is doing to me.” John explained as he picked up Sherlock’s shirt and gave it to him, very actively trying not to look at his chest.
Is he really into boats or something?
“I’m happy to announce that John Watson, our scriptwriter, will be directing the remainder of the movie.” Stamford turned to Watson and signalled him to take a step forward.
Watson smiled. She really was made for this job.
Holmes shook his head before making his entrance. For some reason he hopped over the chair that was a between himself and Ms Adler.
“It’s when you meet a woman, and you just feel that click, that… connection with her.” Ms Hawkins offered, “It’s hard to explain. Your body is always aware of her, always thinking about her, gravitating towards one another. Almost as if the universe was conspiring to make you meet. There’s just something there, so intense that others notice, while you forget anyone else is in the room. Chemistry is the best word for it, at least that’s the term we like to use. It’s what makes the best couples on camera. Look at Fred and Ginger, they’re electric together. That’s why they get cast so often, it costs less in screentests, and you’re sure it’ll work.”
Sherlock couldn’t believe what she was hearing. “Is this your way of punishing me?”
“Tony, I love you.” Her voice made him turn to her. “But if you think I'd let you hurt anybody just to save me, well you don't know me at all.”
“It’s the GPS. If we can get it to teleport somewhere out of here, it will weaken the electrical field enough to give the neutraliser a chance to work.”
“Why again, did Stamford tell you to do this?”
“Uh, okay, maybe just,” Ms Hawkins placed her hands on his shoulders. “Relax, let your shoulders drop, yes, like this,” She slid her hands down his arms and gently twisted him from side to side, making his arms wave around. “Relax, good, okay. Just keep your body loose, neutral. Now walk around, and slowly, start thinking of Edward, of who he is, try to show that in your body. Take your time, walk around, and slowly, find his rhythm, immerse yourself in Edward.”
SHERLOCK
John shook his head. “Damnit, I thought it was an urban legend.”
“You’ve got questions.”
Watson pushed through the padded door of the men’s washroom, grateful for the soft lighting.  He splashed a bit on water on his face, and held the sink, head hung low between his shoulders.
It took a beat for Sherlock to remember what John meant, then dropped heavily onto his hands. With a pleased moan, Sherlock dove in, nuzzling the base of John’s cock.
“What can we do better?” Holmes offered, trying his best to keep the situation under control while staying in character.
“I’m terribly sorry, sir,” Ms Hooper continued. “I swear this will not affect my work.”
Even though he seemed convinced they wouldn’t catch it, Sherlock had prepared, just in case. He wasn’t quite certain why, but it pleased John to know that.
“I’ve been better. Bit hot.” He answered as he tugged at his shirt collar. John pressed the back of his hand against his forehead.
“I’m-ah,” a hard thrust caused Holmes to hiss and moan. “I’m not going to last.”
“Only Stamford showed up with you.” Lestrade said, please he was catching on.
Holmes’s disappointed relief swiftly turned into intense panic. His eyes widened, body frozen into place as he fought to seem relaxed.
.” Making them laugh again. “The next verse is Jane’s response.” Watson licked his lips and took the leap.
Her eyes were half closed, her pupils’ large black holes in the middle of a vast array of blues. Her cheeks and neck were flushed red, her mouth parted. Her robe had slipped open, revealing a few inches of skin between her breasts. Her tongue darted out to wet her lips as her eyes locked with Sherlock’s. It was the most beautiful thing she had ever seen. Sherlock wanted to stare at John as long as it would take to carve every single detail into her memory. And yet she knew it wouldn’t be enough. How could it ever be enough when it was about John?
“And you just said yes?” Watson asked Stamford.
“Hi, Molly.”
“Cut!”
“Kristieanne.” He muttered. He knew he had heard that name before.
It didn’t make sense to Watson. Not really. The idea of being with Holmes, not just in the darkness of the night but, in his life. Sharing his life. It felt like something that was possible in theory only, not in reality. Not like it was with a woman. It was easy for Watson to picture himself with a woman, he had even described multiple renderings of it in his scripts.
That still wasn’t a clear answer. John had no idea when he would have another chance to get more personal information on his partner so he decided to push a little.
(See the end of the chapter for
Watson stared back. This was absolutely not what he was expecting. Then again, he had no idea what to expect of Holmes in this scenario. Watson had spent more time seeing Holmes in his actor persona than as himself, and almost exclusively at the studio, in Watson’s world. Now it was his turn to experience Holmes’s world: his work, his methods. It felt reckless, irresponsible, and a little mad. Watson had no idea what he was really getting himself into. Yet he couldn’t deny how his heart was beating hard against his chest, how every one of his senses were on full alert or how a steady control took over him.
“It wouldn’t matter if it was horse manure. The investigation led here, so here we are. Now go shop.” Sherlock manoeuvred her further into the shop. “And take your time,” he added quietly.
Amy smiles and turns back towards Sherlock and John. Her smile disappears when they are nowhere to be seen.
“Sort of, yeah.” Lestrade looked like he found that funny.
The sinking feeling was destabilizing. Sherlock didn’t want it to be over. He hadn’t felt this relaxed in years, not since he stopped taking drugs. They had been his escape for so long, his tools to help him focus, help him block out the constant input. And now, in the middle of an investigation, Sherlock had accidentally discovered a solution he had been looking for for years. What was confusing was how he had to stop himself from leaning closer towards John, and how his cock was now half hard. But most concerning was how Sherlock didn’t want to try and understand. He wanted to grab whatever this was and never let go.
John pulled his eyes away from the mirror and looked at Lestrade, as if daring him to ask what talent he showcased. Sherlock oscillated between hoping Lestrade would, and that he wouldn’t. This needed to end soon, or he would lose control of his fantasies, and he wasn’t about to walk out of here with an erection.
When the grip on her hair started loosening, Sherlock eased back. John’s displeased whine almost painful to hear, but the need for air was too great.
I’m simply happy for the both of you.
John leaned down and kissed along Sherlock’s brows, his cheeks, his jaw.
Dropping his bag next to the door, he walked directly to the kitchen without turning on the lights, pressing play on his answering machine as he walked past it to listen to his messages as he looked sceptically into the contents of the refrigerator.
“Good.”
“Not exactly. Sort of.”
No, I agree with the switch.
“Tomorrow.” John countered, moving again.
Two years!
Ms Adler tried to speak through her smile. “Anderson, get it together.”
“Depending on where it is, I might have something to useful.” She answered Sherlock but kept her eyes on John, winking at him as her hand squeezed his bicep lightly.
It’s still better than that shirt.
“Is he dead?”
“Why do you care if I live?”
“And where did you get these
“By breaking in?”
“Show off.” Neeson whispered when he passed him.
Oh, God.
“Did it happen that day?”
“Almost 10 years.”
“What are you doing? You know, besides calling me an idiot in so many words.”
“Well…” Stamford mused. “Depends on the style...”
“What are we talking about right now?”
“I mean, yes Mrs Hudson.”
At the mention of the woman’s name, Watson did his best to keep calm. Mrs Hudson signalled towards the stairs and led the way up. Holmes followed her, Watson behind them.
The truth was, Holmes was right about the blackjack. But Watson wasn’t about to admit that.  He took a deep breath as he arrived at the worried group of extras sitting around the blackjack table.
The day ended a bit later than usual because they needed to finish filming all of the scenes in the street set before it was taken down to install the casino set.
“No need to panic, but we we’re going to need to take the violin with us.” John tried to calm her.
He froze as he realised he was empathising again. That would explain why he felt all over the place. Shaking his head, John looked up at his partner, who was watching him intently, the light catching the side of his face, giving his pale grey features a sort of glow.
He made it look like the words were coming out the top of his head, danced around like he wasn’t even trying. The song ended with Holmes walking off stage whistling the chorus.
LESTRADE
“I’m… glad to hear that.” John said as he finished cleaning the stove. “Does that mean that you might consider a career as an actor?”
“Holmes.” Lestrade warned when Watson took a step forward.
Watson waited until he was far enough away to quickly search the room, trying to figure out what Small had really been looking for. He didn’t find anything suspicious, but quickly grabbed what he came for and went to find Holmes.
John shook his head. It wasn’t the first time he’d heard Sherlock say such things but it was still a bit unsettling. But they are stuck in this car for an indefinite amount of time, so might as well make the most of it. “You’ve had friends, right?”
Watson frowned, hands carefully pulling away the needle from Holmes’s forehead. “Deductions?”
The suspect turns around, sees John pointing to the wallet on the ground. The suspect pats his jacket and walks towards John. John picks up the wallet and hands it to the suspect. The suspect opens it, checks the contents and puts it back into his jacket.
I’m surprised you didn’t notice, but more importantly: you really think I brought my illegal gun to America?
Sherlock had done his research. He was aware of the lifestyle that this shop catered to. Even if he didn’t quite understand the appeal, he had found their website elegant and professional.
LESTRADE
“Sure.”
“Yes, Captain.”
Sherlock cupped the back of John’s head, encouraging him to continue whatever it was he was doing to his neck that was making his eyes roll back and sent electric shocks down his back. It was bewitching, how John could make him feel so much with so little effort. Sherlock couldn’t stop squirming, grinding his hips against John, his body looking for friction. Ignoring his needy whimpers, John continued his way down Sherlock’s torso, stopping to lick his nipples. Sherlock found the idea surprising. He’d never even considered those as erogenous zones on a man. Never bothered to try. But they certainly were, and they were making Sherlock arch under John’s dexterous tongue.
“I’m sorry, I thought I heard you say that we’re doing this to keep them happy.”
They sat in silence, for which John was grateful. He wasn’t sure where they stood, and they should discuss it sooner or later, but that clearly wasn’t going to happen this morning.
Stamford eyed Holmes worriedly as he turned away. He took a deep breath, and stepped through the studio door. Holmes rolled his eyes and made to follow him when Lestrade grabbed his arm.
“You mean dreadfully dull.”
“Ms Hawkins keeps talking about you.” Mrs Hudson looked at her unconscious husband on the floor. “I always wanted to do that.”
“I have a position to fill, and you seem to fit the bill nicely.”
“How about you?” Holmes continued. “Any plans after the premiere?”
“But that’s, I mean, how…” John had stopped polishing and was gripping the badge tightly in his hand. “How can we work as a team if he’s walking around like it’s a one man show?!”
Ms Hawkins smiled tightly. “Just go whenever you’re ready.”
“Really? After getting stabbed and going deaf, it’s
And after a few days, Sherlock realised that she could not, in fact, forget about it.
“What the fuck was that?” Watson said as he looked at the contents of the bag he held suspiciously.
“Sherlock.” John sounded surprised, taking a small step forward. “I wasn’t expecting to see you back so soon.” He cleared his throat and went behind the glass counter.
Sherlock couldn’t help it; he couldn’t understand John’s faith, his ability to put his trust into him and the Warehouse so easily. It completely contradicted what he had read in his file. He didn’t want to admit it, but he kept being surprised by his new partner. Sherlock could see every time his left hand twitched with anger, yet he still insisted they stick together.
“No need to worry, it’s all under control.” John cleared his throat. “Well, goodbye now.” He left the room as fast as he could, leaving the teacher and now empty handed student looking discomfited by what had just happened.
"Why is it spinning by itself?" The soldier inquired but was ignored."
“Nothing indicates its dangerous now.” John argued, more to reassure himself than to convince his partner.
Do you really want an investigation for Mycroft to last that long?
Instead there were shouts and a cry of pain. Sherlock sat up as quickly as he could to see what had happened, only to be caught by a wave of nausea. He breathed through it, his vision slowly coming into focus.
“Then there’s no need for you to speak, is there?” Sherlock took the wallet from John’s hands and flipped through it quickly.
“Is she in a good mood?” Ms Louise asked as they headed back to Ms Adler’s dressing room.
“Looking for something in particular?”
“Yes thank you, you can continue showing off when I’ve left.” Mycroft said as he turned to John, ignoring Sherlock’s smug look. “Now this, well, you should have a bit of target practice first but nevertheless, it’s yours.” Mycroft said as he handed John the oddest looking gun he had ever seen. The top was a glass cylinder with an electrical system running inside it, held in place by a copper band welded onto the copper handle. There seemed to be an ongoing steam punk theme. “It’s called a Tesla gun. It’s electrically based. It’s stuns and erases the short term memory. You can adjust the intensity with the dial on the side here, depending on your target. Sherlock has the rest of the tools you’ll with him.”
Slowly, the man straightened, eyeing John as if to measure the threat. He looked over to Sherlock who seemed as shocked as him, only not quite for the same reasons.
“What then? It’s not like we have any openings besides…” Stamford looked stricken before he slowly eyed Holmes. “Say, have you ever-?”
The senior agent’s playfulness seemed out of place, considering his attitude this morning, but it was welcome nonetheless.
Bishop was as surprised as John, though obviously not for the same reasons. He lowered his gun and relaxed his stance. “How did you know it was me?” His voice was different then earlier, not as deep, as if he were breaking character.
“He’s my what?” They said simultaneously to Mycroft, and then looked at each other.
“No John, we didn’t know about Manning.” He said reassuringly before moving on quickly. “And did you really think I wouldn’t monitor the CCTV of King’s Cross?”
Watson's debut as the director and the Premiere.
“When did you radio that you had arrived at rendez-vous?”
“We could get take away on the way back to the Warehouse.”
“Should get the call soon.”
Watson huffed but left without a word, going back to keeping an eye on Small, which he had been doing all morning.
Watson shook his head. “No. No, it wasn’t, but maybe…” He could feel himself on the verge of wheezing from a panic attack, his voice tight from the pressure in his chest. “Maybe Edward doesn’t know what he wants anymore.”
“Who?”
“They’re torture.” Holmes moaned. “As much as I am intrigued by this case, and am somewhat looking forward to some aspects of the undercover work; the more I discover what being an actor entails, the more I despise it.”
John didn’t reply, simply nodded, but the hand on Sherlock’s waist tightened a bit before ushering him forward.
“We were in the Warehouse trying to stop it from imploding and destroying the world and now we’re in fucking
“You keep forgetting where you work.” Sherlock reproached, but John didn’t bite and waited for him to continue. “You already know about Bronzing.”
“I needed a wound severe enough to see if she really was a trained nurse.”
John closed his eyes a moment and tried to focus on the case. “How are we supposed to find her now?”
“Yes, of course. Goodbye.” She barely had time to say before the door was shut in her face.
Before Sherlock could utter a word, John put his hand on his arm and held his irritated stare. With a clenched jaw, Sherlock moved aside.  John gave him a small nod of thanks as he slid a ten dollar bill across the counter, fingers drumming on it teasingly in front of the desk clerk.
BOYLE
“Hurry up, John!”
They continued onto the casino scene and Holmes smirked throughout the blackjack sequence. When the crowd laughed in the right places, he couldn’t help but turn to Watson to gloat.
All at once, this whole venture seemed completely insane. What had he done? He’d never needed help before. He was perfectly capable of solving this case on his own. How had he convinced himself that including John was a good idea?
Holmes was the first thing his eyes found when he walked in. Holmes still looked completely unaffected by the fact he had barely slept, if at all. He was discussing something with Morgan and Ms Adler. Watson tore his eyes away and made his way to catering.
“Trust is a powerful tool for a swindler.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Or both?
“42 minutes 59 seconds.”
“I just got an alert from the Warehouse, we have to go. Now!”
Watson looked around. As far as he could tell, no one was behaving suspiciously. Not really. Well, Small always looked a little off, but that hardly had anything to do with the work. The man was just… odd.
Amy, Jake, Boyle and Lestrade run out of the museum to the edge of the bow deck and watch from afar Sherlock climbing up to the cabin of the towboat.
“Mrs. Turner? Where’s the violin?” John Insisted.
Holmes eyes widened in terror. “Oh no.”
, which was… whatever her tongue was doing that was slowly driving her insane. Winding her up and making her grasp the leather of her chair tightly enough she would surely leave indentations but
John’s soft voice felt like a knife twisting in Sherlock’s gut. His head hung low when John put down his tea and stood. A few minutes ago he was planning to tell John to leave, and now he was worried he had ruined the evening by disobeying. Shame overtook what was left of Sherlock’s arousal.
Yeah, mine would be too if I could pick and choose my cases.
Sherlock exhaled through her mouth this time, slowly, as she sorted through her mental catalogue of smells, attempting to figure out what it could be. On her third inhale, John shifted beneath her. What seemed out of place suddenly overpowered everything else.
“Yes. Is it working?”
“I think you’ve earned your reward.”
“I am not getting up while you’re here and if you do not get out this instant I am using this.” His hand tightened around the Tesla as he held Sherlock’s gaze. The agent only sneered in response and walked out, muttering something about John being touchy in the morning. With a loud sigh, the former soldier got out of bed and dressed, making sure to open and close his drawers as loudly as possible. He didn’t care how childish he was acting, this man needed to learn how to cohabitate with a trained soldier or he would end up bruised and battered.
Prepared words melted away when John stepped onto the landing, wearing his tan army fatigues and a dangerous look in his eye.
Or with Interpol.
Stamford nodded. “Why yes. Imagine: today, you’re going to attend a press conference to announce how your leadership guided Officer Roger here and his team to take down Frank Hudson, the head of the largest drug cartel on the west coast, and take out one of the most dangerous drug chemists in the country, possibly the world.” Stamford looked from Captain Jones to Officer Roger. “Imagine what the future holds for each of you.”
It was good to know Sherlock had kept himself busy all afternoon and was now testing a theory, but he still wanted to know what he had just agreed to do. “How about the research?”
“Honestly, I think he just wanted someone to take care of the books for him.”
John’s kiss was so tender.
John grabbed his unhurt arm and helped him stand. Sherlock’s eyes were on the armor, which was crawling to its weapon, not bothering with its helmet.
Not just any woman. A contract killer that was planted as a failsafe to kill Watson if Holmes ever came back.
In fact, Watson had been dying to know. Now that he had gotten a chance to get to know Holmes a bit better, and having heard him rant about being an actor, not to mention Lestrade’s comments, it was clear he wasn’t interested in a career in acting. Which meant there had to be some hidden reason Holmes had said yes.
Watson ended up having to shake hands and chat with every single person who came up to the table, which was exhausting for someone who was used to spending the better part of his days alone. There was also the added distraction of being
Sherlock eyes smirked, she did something with her hands that made John gasp and arch her back further, pushing into Sherlock’s mouth as she pressed her back against Molly. Molly’s hands cupped and pinched John’s breast harder as she bit her lip.
Watson was stunned silent, unsure where this was coming from, “That’s, that’s not-”
Amy nods.
Aww my coffee.
John ignored Sherlock’s know it all tone to point out the obvious. “Do you happen to have an artifact that can dump a giant vat of ice onto that thing?”
The crew was on final touches in setting up the next scene. Moran was working on the set while Small finished the microphone adjustments, both of them arguing over the best spot to place the microphone without affecting the sound intake. Morgan was talking with Wilder and Wiggins, while Ms Hawkins took notes at his side. Holmes and Ms Adler were sitting on the park bench on set, chatting as Ms Louise touched up their make-up.
“John-” Sherlock said in a strangled voice, his body visibly strained, a panicked look in his eye.
“Yes, this would qualify as a bit over the top.”
He didn’t ask, didn’t give John the option to think about whether or not he wanted to follow Sherlock to the Yard. If he kept up the action, John would follow.
“As a courtesy. It’s okay if you’re not comfortable.”
This was ridiculous, being called adorable while kneeling and being fed. This was nothing like the evening Sherlock had imagined. He took the next piece of toast and fumed. He hated being treated like a child. It was his own fault for forgetting. For getting himself in this situation in the first place. He deserved the humiliation.
Holmes watched her for a moment and took a chance. “Did you offer this to Anderson?”
“When’s the last time you saw him?”
The LED lit up. “Voice command activated.”
“We’re having a bit of a debate over a line,” she explained
I-- What? No Captain, we’re fine, really, I’m happy to help. Okay byyyyye.
Jones pursed his lips and left the podium to Stamford.
Why were they in the middle of a very crowded restaurant again?
“Hiding the stitches is our best option.” Holmes insisted. “Either we reshoot my entrance without the jump or live with the hair style change in this scene.”
“Fine, fine.” Watson pushed past Holmes. “If it means you will finally shut up about it and film the scene.”
SHERLOCK
“A ping is a perfectly legitimate reason to wake you up.”
“Everything alright?”
Nothing happens to me, he thought as he closed his eyes.
“Nope.”
They all looked at one another and shrugged.
SHERLOCK
“And I will finally get my own office with Ms Kate as my executive assistant.” Ms Adler added, stretching her arm out to hold Ms Kate’s hand.
“Reckless? I’m not reckless.”
“You were thinking. Loudly. There’s no way out of this transfer.”
TERRY
Jake and Rosa walk in with Sherlock and John handcuffed (not together). GINA LINETTI doesn’t see them, her attention is focused on Holt’s office. They sit John at Rosa’s desk and Sherlock at Jake’s desk. AMY SANTIAGO glances up from her work, does a double take when she sees Sherlock sitting not two feet away from her.
Only they barely heard him, the applause surprisingly loud for the small group. Their performance had given everyone hope that the movie had a chance, and without their knowing, a chance that there will be a next Stamford Production movie.
“I don’t know but it’s been there a couple of years.” Sherlock commented deadpan, making John giggle so hard he had to steady himself, his hip bumping into Sherlock’s shoulder.
The former soldier stopped looking for the GPS and looked up at his partner. “Maybe I would know if I have had a chance to go through the entire file if I had gotten it yesterday, so stop being insulted when I ask you questions.” He shook his head, discouraged, and put his attention back on the matter at hand. “You’re really a shit teacher, you know that?” John commented when he suddenly locked eyes with the GPS.
Sherlock moved a hand to check. He wasn’t dreaming. He was on the couch, shirtless. That in itself wasn’t alarming. But the fact that he felt rested certainly was.
“Go.” Sherlock whispered.
“Move slow for now.”
Sherlock stood there, jaw hanging as she watched John smirk and flip her hair. Not because she was shocked by John’s punishment, well, ok, there was a little of that, but by her own physical reaction to… was it the hair? Was a colour change that impactful on Sherlock’s perception of her friend?
“I can’t help it, when I move it’s like art.” Jones said, fiddling with his gun.
Holmes was suddenly aware of the delicate line he was threading with this line of discussion. “I admit those are the worst-case scenarios,” He fibbed. “But, think about it, who changes their entire life plan for someone they’ve just met?”
“For all I know, you could be making me walk into a trap.”
beneath it.
“There he is.” They heard Ms Hawkins’s voice from across the studio.
“Hm?”
“What do you mean?” Holmes asked.
“Stop lying to me!”
They were in the last three days of filming and starting to feel the pressure to finish. They had managed to stay on schedule, despite the occasional argument, but they still had a lot left to do.
“Exactly!”
John’s eyes widened at his partner’s declaration, as did Ms. Abbott before she insisted. “He kept saying how he was afraid it could fall into the wrong hands.”
“Sadly, he is. He’s got this brooding stare that burns through the lens.” Ms Adler gasped audibly.
“If you stopped behaving like a child I wouldn’t have to treat you like one.”
“15 seconds to Warehouse destruction.”
At five minutes to eight, Ms. Hawkins took out her bullhorn. “Places everyone, we have three hours, let’s make them count.”
“Morgan,” she said sharply, insulted.
“Can I smell?”
Even though he didn’t have the mace anymore, he was reverting to anger as a fuel to keep going, keep running even though his lungs were burning, keep moving even though he knew what he was most likely to find. He had no idea how he was supposed to help him once he got there. His chest tightened at the thought, making his breaths even shorter. He’ll figure it out, somehow. He’s still alive. They’re still alive, John told himself. He was gone less than five minutes, he should be ok.
Pushing back the thought as far as he could because he absolutely did not want to know why he felt like that, John remembered he never did get to hear Sherlock’s side of the story in Qatar.
John’s breath caught and looked away a moment. “Yes. Yes that’s true.”
“What, like, whoever does the most push ups?”
“I told you to stay away from the papers.” Watson unfolded it, and leaned back in his chair as he read the article. He had been using Stamford’s office to work on his scripts for so long that it felt like his office too.
The LED light on the GPS came to life.
John’s smile dropped when he stepped onto the bridge. Rebecca Carson had stepped out from one of the pillars. Time seemed to slow down as she raised the Jade Elephant, her face contorting with anger as she aimed at Sherlock’s back.
Watson shook himself enough to focus on what was happening now that the crowd was turned towards them and Stamford was standing to make his way to the stage with Ms Hooper tailing him.
“Hey.”
SHERLOCK
“What, like the job description?” Stamford asked.
“You actually believe her?” Sherlock looked at Mycroft who simply looked at Ms. Adler.
“You’re going to need crutches. Two weeks without putting pressure on your ankle.” John told him as he placed Sherlock’s arm around his shoulders to support his weight while they walked back down the stairs.
“Please don’t stop.” She begged, breathless.
Just like we rehearsed. You can do it.
“Face the red armchair.”
John wasn’t looking away.
“Morning.” John greeted. “Don’t mind me, you can keep playing if you want.” He added, not knowing if this was the usual morning routine. He just wanted coffee.
” Holmes held the note until Dimmock nodded, continuing the piano into the chorus.
“Opening song.”
Because I’m fine.
Watson felt himself start babbling. “I loved Born to Dance. I know Julie Wilson did a rendition in Night and Day, but I always preferred Virginia Bruce’s version.”
Sherlock imagined John’s hand instead of his own, pulling gently, slowly, from base to tip and down again. With his other, he reached down, cupping and teasing his balls before reaching around to press the tender areas of his arse. The combination was incredible, making him squirm on the couch, half thrusting into his hand.
Watson repeated Holmes statement in his head before frowning. “You know what now?”
Morgan stared at Holmes. “What did you do?”
“Fucking hell.” John cursed, dropped his arms and leaned against the door frame.
Oh. So he’s not…
Don’t.
See? Even he wants you to chill.
“I’m the detective, not him.” Sherlock said this offhandedly, all the while surprised by his urge to get up and slam the door in the woman’s face.
He had been working in Stamford’s office when it happened. He had heard faint echoes of shouting, but that was the norm with Morgan as the director, so Watson hadn’t made much of it. Until Archie barged into the office. Watson closed his eyes once more. For the last few days his war dreams had started getting mixed up with his memories of that day.
John would have normally insisted on explanations before putting on a strange backpack, but under the circumstances, he said nothing and shrugged off his coat. Sherlock held the pack up as John slid the shoulder straps on, trying not to jump as he felt Sherlock’s hands slide around his waist to buckle the belt. He then spun John around to tie the straps across his chest, then took out a pocket book sized steel plate from the box and placed it over his sternum. That was when John noticed that it had a sort of L angle at the bottom, like a book stand. He was about to ask what it was when Sherlock plugged four cables from the backpack to the front plate; two over his shoulders and two around his waist. He then handed John purple gloves that seemed to appear out of nowhere and did a final check before he grabbed the elephant.
Amy doesn’t respond, just continues staring at Sherlock. Jake frowns and looks at Sherlock.
But that wasn’t the weirdest thing.
“Ok, you can move now.” Sherlock announced with an irritated undertone.
; if John had opened her eyes, seen Molly there watching them, and…
“What the hell is wrong with me?” She whispered as she stared at the ceiling tiles.
“Hello, sir. We’re looking for Mrs. Adams.” Sherlock told the man with a friendly smile. John’s eyebrow lifted at the smile, even though he couldn’t hear what he was saying.
“That doesn’t mean I’m going to just follow you around like a goddamn trained dog.” John exploded. “I don’t care how you get it in that thick skull of yours, we’re a team now and we need to coordinate.”
“That’s the tricky part about artefacts. They channel tangential energy.” At the blank look John gave him, Sherlock chose his words “Well, tangential energy is kind of like the energy that keeps it spinning, or, like many of the items here, that energy can force humans to do whatever the artefact is meant to do.”
BOYLE
So why, or how could Sherlock enjoy being shoved against the door and told to behave? In any other context this would be unacceptable. He had let himself spiral so deeply into fantasies that he accepted, no, asked for this. Lust had impaired his judgement, and he needed to put an end to it.
“Mr Watson.”
Sherlock continued kissing his way down John’s stomach, letting his lips trail down his skin. Sherlock did everything he could to convey his reverence, the joy and privilege he felt from being able to be with John. He was so focused on the feel of John’s skin that Sherlock was surprised to feel something hard hit under his chin. John’s dick twitched, making it brush up and press against Sherlock’s neck. John’s eagerness was encouraging, and Sherlock found himself rubbing his cheek against John’s cock. The skin was so soft, such a delicate layer over the hard mass that adorned an exceptional specimen.
Lestrade, Boyle, Amy, and Jake look towards the towboat. From this POV, Sherlock is not visible to the group.
“Who are you and what have you done with Watson?” Murray asked, making the group laugh. “I’m serious. What happened to the guy who stormed into rehearsal because of script notes?”
Lestrade nodded. “Sounds about right.”
So hot.
“Sherlock, what-” John blurted out but was cut off.
Amy and Jake are walking inside the museum when they hear the towboat motor.
“Is that so?”
Sherlock straightened before speaking, his eyes scanning the restaurant while he spoke. “It’s the Warehouse’s version of a prison. Only instead of keeping them in cells, their bodies are encased in bronze. The bronze sector houses history’s most dangerous criminals.”
John clenched his jaw when his left hand spasmed. He pulled it off the table onto his lap.
“Do we have a new finale yet?”
“You can’t know that.”
What the hell, Sherlock!
Instinctively, John looked his partner straight in the eye and told him the truth. “Mrs. Hudson told me you lost him soon after you started working on the GPS, and that you didn’t take it so well in the following months. That’s all I know.” John could see Sherlock’s struggle to keep his calm until he visually confirmed that John was telling the truth.
“This again.” Sherlock exclaimed, exasperated.
I think you pissed off the accomplice.
He jerked awake and cursed. “You have got to be kidding me.” John moaned before covering his head with his pillow.
“A novel?” John repeated dully. Well, that would explain the raining pages, he thought. “So we somehow got sucked into a novel. How do you know the story is set in 1940s Chicago?”
They did it three times, with Wiggins calling the movements.  By the third try Anderson made it through without missing a step.
“He’s making a run for it, isn’t he?” John asked Sherlock as they heard glass breaking.
John rolled his eyes. “If you weren’t planning on eating then why did you order something?”
Morgan stared at Anderson, the silence in the room heavy for the cast and crew. “Anderson, you’re not a vase, you’re a flower that blooms in the presence of your love.” He pointed to Ms Adler. “I need you to bloom. Bloom for me.”
John growled. Loudly.
Lestrade wiped his hands as he stood. “Detective Inspector Lestrade.” And shook John’s hand.
John returned to the sitting room with the plate and a glass of water. Rather than handing the items to Sherlock, John took a piece between his thumb and forefinger, and held it out to Sherlock.
John snorted. “Shut up.”
Sherlock is kneeling next to John. Chester is in the background climbing onto the towboat.
“Voice command activated.” Said a broken computer voice.
This was planned.
But the most memorable thing from last night was Sherlock’s smile. John had already seen most of the fake ones he used with civilians; those expressions never reached his eyes and made him seem odd rather than sympathetic. But last night had been filled with small ones that actually started in his eyes and slowly spread throughout the rest of his face. His lips barely moved, giving him an overall look of shyness, as if he wasn’t sure he was allowed to enjoy himself. John knew those shy smiles were stirring up things he’d been pushing back and yet couldn’t stop himself from trying to make Sherlock smile some more.
It didn’t help.
The former soldier rolled his eyes at the dramatics, dropped a few bills on the table and followed.
“I don’t mind doing the books. I’m paid to write, I decide my own hours, and working with Stamford is nice, even if he is a bit dramatic sometimes. It’s a great gig really.”
, and today you’re giving me notes about his emotional arc?”
Holmes nodded. “I can’t imagine. You do it very elegantly.”
“Do I look like I can recognize a composer by ear?” Sherlock’s exasperation spilled out.
Noice.
Ms Hawkins made sure no one was looking before she winked back.
John looked disturbed. “So this is how you get off? Chasing murderers?”
“Analyse the artifact.” Sherlock replied matter-of-factly.
“You’re drunk,” Watson argued, but there was not much effort behind it.
“Nothing.”
“Can we go search the infirmary now?”
“I’m John, by the way. I figured you should at least know my name before I start spanking you.”
I can manage.
Only it didn’t.
She giggled. “Whatever floats your boat, dear.”
“No that’s in aisle 989B. Empty of course.” Sherlock answered as he activated the touch screen in front of the artefact and stepped down the stairs when he saw John’s hands. “John, do us a favor and clear your mind.” Sherlock said with false tranquility, his eyes alarmed. Not understanding why Sherlock would say such a thing, John looked down and discovered he was holding an antique metal kettle.
You ran off you bloody cock.
We’re fine.
“You invaded Afghanistan.”  Sherlock pointed out and John laughed even more. “Well, congratulations. You almost got killed by an artifact. You’re officially a Warehouse agent.” Sherlock added as they calmed down.
Holmes sighed. “Stamford was about to propose I replace Anderson.”
“No, I mean, he bumps into her and just… asks her out? Like that?” He shrugged.
Watson frowned. “What kind of changes?”
“What else would you write about that’s would be worth reading?”
Holmes tried to speak up, but he was quickly losing consciousness. The last thing he saw was Ms Hawkins petting his hair and telling him it would be all right.
Lennox tried to take a step away from the agents but was held back by John’s firm grip on his arm. “Mr. Bar-” The goon started to say before getting slapped on the back of the head by Sherlock.
They heard another hit and crying.
Morgan turned to Ms Adler. “Any preference, dear?”
Sherlock wanted to be angry about it, but right now he— Oh no John was turning around.
“So boring.”
John pushed off the counter and stood at ease an arm’s length away from Sherlock.
“Obviously.”
Hopefully the team's schedules will be restored for episode 4.
“You can’t say anything.”
Watson kept his eyes on Holmes as he took a final step, close enough to kiss. “Every word.” The steadiness of his voice surprised Watson, even if it was barely above a whisper.
“For what?”
“Action.”
TERRY
Holmes swallowed the pills without water while Watson put on gloves. He then moved to stand behind Holmes so he wouldn’t block the light coming from the fixtures around the mirror. He tilted Holmes’s head back a little, and gently brushed his hair off the stitches.
Ms Hooper smiled.
Well it won’t work. Or rather, her tactic won’t work. Still doesn’t mean they were going to succeed.
“Fat nose has a bum left knee; the other has an undiagnosed heart condition.” Sherlock whispered to John quickly.
“It’s a theory,” Lestrade said to try and ease things, “but it’s worth investigating.”
“I don’t-”
SHERLOCK
“Hm?” John answered out of reflex as he looked away and cleared his throat. “Nothing.”
Holmes kept his eyes on the door a moment before he turned away, looking deep in thought. He didn’t care that everyone was watching him.
She eyed Holmes threateningly.
Thank you all for reading. I had a blast writing this story.
“How could you even think such a thing?” Sherlock responded a bit dramatically.
Watson clenched his jaw. “How is this linked to Anderson?”
“No. I’ve repeated myself enough. You’ve read the file, probably even seen the interrogation video.” He did his best to keep his anger in check. “With all due respect, sir, I’m not going through the whole story again for your entertainment. Ask me what you want to know. God forbid one of us should answer the other’s questions.” Watson finished before taking a sip of his tea, ignoring the stare he was receiving. They sat silently. Watson put down his cup and watched the man consider his next move.
“I swear to...” John took one step his partner and felt a small hand on his arm.
She jumped when her phone pinged with a new text message.
“So, what was causing so many takes?” Holmes looked from one to the other and noted the obvious discomfort his question was causing.
“Damn it,” he muttered before he grabbed his cane and made his way down the long corridor.
Moriarty’s director persona shone through. “We’ll cut what we have and release it as a post mortem in your memory, the greatest actor that never got a chance to live his glory.”
“It’s her first lesson!” The teacher protested, furious. She was so mad it was making her glasses slip down her nose, giving her an almost comical stern look. “How dare you?” The woman said in a forceful whisper.
“I swear, I’m bloody cursed.” Stamford said as he reached the studio door and walked in, jaw clenched.
Sherlock tilted his head to the side, arms crossed. “Not bad.”
“What’s going on?!” Mrs. Hudson’s voice could be heard nearby. The soldier held the agents gaze as he begrudgingly let go of his shirt and sat on the floor beside him, looking up towards the area where her voice was coming from.
“So are you.” Was all John could find to say, which was true even if it did sound like a childish retort.
“Like I said, it depends what you and your partner are looking for. This cotton braid is soft and easy to knot, but the knots get compacted easily and make them hard to untie. You’d need to keep scissors or shears close. The polypropylene braid is a bit more expensive, but the knots don’t compact as easily, and it feels great on skin. Here.” John slid the rope on the back of the man’s hand. “See how smooth it is? It’s also rated, I’d recommend this one if you plan to do suspensions.”
“Why ask?”
Sherlock touched his forehead and stared at the blood smeared on his hand. How had did he not noticed? Definitely a concussion.
He defended himself as best he could, taking no notice of the blood from his arm slowly dripping onto the floor. He let the sabre take control of his movements and managed to knock off its helmet. It didn’t affect it in any way, except perhaps aggravating it.
Even though he was exhausted from revising all night, Watson kept tossing and turning in his bed. He tried slowing his breathing, stretching, made tea. When he finally reached for the whiskey bottle, he decided to stop ignoring what was keeping him awake.
They headed out; John handed their ticket to the valet and waited silently, looking up and down the street, listening to the music filtering out of the club.
“John.” Sherlock’s voice was so soft, so feeble, air scraping at his dry vocal chords.
Sherlock spent Sunday cleaning. Every time he thought about sitting down, he noticed something else to clean, or put away, or throw away. A lot of throwing away. Sherlock had to go down to the bins twice. By five o’clock, he forced himself to stop scrubbing the cupboards and go shower. At ten to six he walked into the sitting room freshly shaven, wearing a black suit and shirt, with his hair perfectly done.
“Here you are.” The woman handed them a piece of paper with an address and a name. Sherlock grabbed and scanned the paper quickly and immediately took out his phone. John fought the urge to elbow him in the ribs and smiled at Mrs. Turner.
“You know, like red highlights.”
The thought distracted Sherlock enough for the fantasies to wash over him again. At least this time he was alone in a dark soundproof room. Watching John getting interrogated. Oh dear, this was not the time to start imagining Sherlock getting interrogated by John.
However, once home, after three failed attempts to focus on his experiment, Sherlock put away the remaining ears in the fridge with the rest of his goody bag and dedicated himself to estimating how long it would take for John to text him after work.
I wouldn’t have to ask if you had gotten an x-ray.
“You don’t what?”
Sherlock’s breath caught at the admission. Knowing John wanted this as much as he did brought Sherlock to the edge.
Watson chuckled. “That’s what I said.”
Sherlock sighed and mumbled. “I’ll go this way.”
BOYLE
“Like Ms Adler said, the song needs to mean something to you when you perform. In Virginia Bruce’s performance you can feel her deep longing.” Watson finished his sentence and realised the other meaning it had and blushed. But it was true, had he been in Holmes’s place, as brave as he had been, he would have picked the same song.
Ms Adler frowned but slipped it off her shoulders and handed it to Watson.
What, lovebirds?
“As in?”
“Stop narrating!”
Holt and Lestrade come out of Holt’s office.
“I can get you something for the pain too.”
“The man who then mysteriously disappeared.” He bit the inside of his cheek before answering.
It was overwhelming. He had never felt his body chase pleasure like this. His hand was moving furiously on his cock, while the other dug his nails into the skin of his arse. It made his legs tensed, his back arched off the couch, and his breathing sound like a constant moan.
“Then what are they doing with them?” John asked as he nursed his coffee and stood beside Sherlock to read over his shoulder.
It turned out to be a good call.
“Which is?”
“Shit,” Watson muttered under his breath.
Watson didn’t remember hanging up. Just stared at the wall for a few hours. When he came to, he got the whiskey in the cupboard, chugged as much as he could and sat down to write. He had woken up on the floor the next day, his shoulder and leg aching. The empty whiskey bottle was on the other side of the room, surrounded by pieces of a broken lamp.
“I’m asking for future reference. You know: communication, teamwork. Stop looking at me like that, you’re the one who’s always going on about boundaries, and yet you insist on wearing those ridiculous pants-”
“Judging by the two coming in, it’s inevitable.” Stamford answered Watson with a wink before he greeted their first visitors of the evening.
They barely made it to the first spin when Morgan shouted.
“Right.” Watson nodded and turned to Holmes with an apologetic look. “Duty calls.”
Stamford looked like his throat was not working correctly, pulled at his collar and took the few steps to the nearest chair to sit. Holmes eyed Watson’s military stance and the grip on his cane as he watched his friend helplessly.
“Now, it’s possible I may have forgotten to mention this to him,” Stamford admitted, making the room laugh.
“Oh, nice,” he replied calmly, but the truth was, Watson had been thinking about Holmes’s dancing ever since he had seen his audition. He had been hoping to see it again, and was quite excited to see it in full costume, set and lights.
“Well, last night while we were walking, I uh,” Watson eyed Holmes. “I had a sudden idea and I didn’t want to lose it. So I came here right away and, well, here we are now.”
HITCHCOCK
Holmes looked up, his eyes wide and disbelieving, and Watson didn’t try to hide how he felt: the fear, the hope, the love.
“Fine.” Holmes smoothed his suit in the mirror before putting on his wide toothy smile. “Just fine.” He repeated with his American accent, and walk past Lestrade with his head held high.
Ms Hooper’s eyes widened, and she turned to Stamford, looking for what to say. Only they both looked at a loss.
“Archie go get Ms Rosie!” Ms Hawkins shouted.
TERRY
“As I was saying, as a Warehouse agent, you investigate artefact cases, find them, neutralize them and bring them back to the Warehouse.”
He looked at Morgan blankly. “No idea.”
“Okay,” Stamford paused. “Could you talk to her first, before shouting at her in front of the whole crew?”
A man in the fifth row stood. “Congratulations, the movie was wonderful.”
that bad, but nobody came to see them. Why? A bloody curse, that’s why!”
“Working for the Warehouse.” Sherlock explained. John looked down at his food even though he could still feel him staring.
“They start downstage, over there,” Watson pointed stage left.
Lestrade burst out laughing, getting them a few odd looks from the other tables, and a curious stare from Holmes.
They entered The Cocoanut Grove; the cream walls were a perfect background for the dark tuxedos and vibrant coloured dresses. Along with the live band, the place was buzzing with energy. The room was packed, making them slowly progress along the edges of the dance floor. Holmes followed the hostess leading them to their booth and watched Ms Adler as she waved and smiled to nearly everyone they passed, sometimes even stopping to speak and insist they should have lunch soon.
“I love dancing.”
“Yes, I did.”
The argument was cut short by Ms Hooper. “As entertaining as it is to watch you two argue, we should get things moving along.”
Sitting up and pushing the pillow off his face, he struggled to control his breathing. His hands were balled into fists on either side of him.
Holmes fought not to turn to her, fought not to let his concern show. He had assumed this was an act, but if even Ms Adler had no idea what was going on and did not seem to be lying, things could take a turn for the worst. Namely another deadly ‘accident’ on set.
With a frown, Holmes looked up and saw that Ms Rosie’s determined look had transformed into shock, before she slowly looked down. Her gun hand lowered as the other gently touched her chest. There was a brief pause before Holmes saw Ms Rosie collapse to the ground, lost in darkness.
Eventually the margins weren’t enough. Holmes huffed and looked around for a solution, when he spotted it. He wrote ‘Edward’ on a piece of paper and pinned it to the wall in front of his bed, a few feet to the left of the other piece of paper on the wall, the one with Stamford Productions written on it. By two in the morning, Holmes was asleep atop the bedspread, and the wall below Edward’s name was full.
Without a word, John picked up the sculpture and walked to Sherlock. Sitting up and leaning against the ramp, Sherlock took out a bag.
Holmes sighed. How much time would Watson need? Patience had never been one of his virtues.
“What about...” The man asked. Sherlock turned to see him nudge his chin towards John.
“You’ll need the keys for that.” John said with a smirk as he slid his hand into his pocket and came out empty handed. He looked up and watched a smiling Sherlock toss the keys into the air and catch them before unlocking the driver door.
What?
Sherlock spoke slowly. “How do you figure?”
They weren’t in the Warehouse anymore. They were standing in an office, only it wasn’t their office.
Sherlock pulled up a chair and sat a few feet away from John. “Just start from the beginning and go from there.”
“That’s no excuse.”
“What?”
“I’m fine with the poster thanks,” Watson replied.
“Lestrade said you were good, but I wasn’t- well I wasn’t expecting- I mean, not that I had any expectations, but that…”
“What makes you think he wasn’t just trying to save himself?”
John braced himself for what was likely to become a more emotionally straining conversation than he had expected. He was starting to understand why Sherlock would have blown a fuse with this particular artifact. After having spent the day playing hide and seek with the GPS, John pictured doing this for 6 months. Being the adrenaline junkie that he was, John knew he would have given up way before Sherlock, or he would have gone mad.
Holmes slipped his hands into his coat pockets. “Watson, I…”
John caught Sherlock’s bottom lip between his before he trailed a line of kisses downward. Sherlock enjoyed the feel of John’s his lips, tongue and teeth explore the length of his neck. He seemed to be taking his time, just as he had done all evening.
“Yes.” He answered confidently. He didn’t like to admit it, but he really was ok. Even though the circumstances in which he had ended up as a Warehouse agent had been iffy, just thinking about telling Neeson where he was and what had happened was giving him the urge to laugh uncontrollably. No, he certainly wasn’t bored or going of his mind. The memories of last night, sitting on the floor after neutralizing the clock bust, the relief he had felt when he had heard Sherlock’s voice... Thinking about it now, Sherlock had seemed honestly worried when they had been about to neutralize the artifact. And he had hidden the incident from Mycroft, for, well, for as long as he could. The image of Sherlock leaning against the ramp, dishevelled and smiling flashed through John’s mind. Shaking his head, he leaned back on the bench. “Ok, I should go.”
Oh for God’s sake, will you let it go? I was fine yesterday and I’m still fine now. I know when it’s worth wasting time at a hospital.
“Right.” John gave him a sceptic look and placed his hands on the table on either side of it. This was ridiculous. How were they supposed to experiment on this thing without touching it? He knew Sherlock was creative, but they weren’t going to get much more information then what they already had. Sighing, John concentrated on the GPS, willing himself to block out everything else, the same type of technique he would use as a sniper. He started to remember what he had read in the file, concentrating on that as well, and even though he still had no idea what Sherlock was expecting out of this besides showing off, John started from the beginning. “The Magellan NAV 1000; first GPS model to be manufactured for commercial use. It came out in the early nineties, which is obvious by its design and material choices. God, it looks like it came out of a Ghostbusters parody.”
Stamford shook his head. “Shame though, you’re so good. You would have been a natural in a detective story.”
“Thinking.”
Sherlock blinks and leans back in his seat.
“I find that hard to believe.”
The angle gave Molly and excellent view of John’s panties. Her drenched panties.
“Edward is trying to apologize for the first two verses, it doesn’t make sense that they dance from the beginning.”
“At this rate I won’t even be able to afford to develop the film!”
John blinked. He must have heard that wrong.
With a sigh, John put down his unfinished tea, got up from his sitting chair and headed up to his room.
“Do you fancy him?”
Lestrade looked like he wanted to punch him. “Mike Stamford, John Watson, meet Sherlock Holmes,” Lestrade managed to say through clenched teeth. “The man who couldn’t wait.”
“Four. Manning, Gote, Andrews and me. Manning was...” John corrected himself reluctantly. “
Jake leans back in his chair and crosses his arms angrily. Amy barely holds back her smile of satisfaction.
“That’s it, you’ve tried them all.”
“Here.” Came a deep voice behind them.
John released Sherlock’s cock with a pop, resting his forehead on Sherlock’s thigh as he caught his breath.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
Definitely not good.
Boat chase!
Watson frowned when he heard a knock at his door. He wasn’t expecting anyone, and besides the random salesman, no one disturbed him this late at night. It was quite unexpected to find Holmes standing there, hands behind his back.
“And I don’t care.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“They sing it during the date.” Dimmock frowned. “Didn’t you read the script?”
Molly stared at the darkened cloth between John’s thighs and felt her mouth water. She only noticed Sherlock’s hand sliding up John’s thigh until it was already there, covering her mound with her hands and pressing against it with her thigh. John gasped loudly enough for Molly to hear it through the door. As muffled as it was by the wood and glass barriers, the sound sent a shiver down Molly’s back and landed heavily in her pelvis. Her breath fogged up the wired glass as John’s arms pawed at Sherlock, her control crumbling slowly under her touch. All she could do was hold on for the ride.
“Help him? I didn’t help him.” John said. The man smiled at him.
“I’ve been meaning to-”
Amy looks like she’s about to jump up and down but pushes down the urge.
“Come on, maybe if I help you we’ll finish on time.” Ms Riley said with a frown.
“Probably should, yes.”
They all stared at her.
Amy kneels next to Holmes and checks his vitals.
“What do you mean?”
Stamford waved his hand. “Details.”
Amy smiles brightly. Holt nods.
“I believe the victims would argue otherwise.”
“For what?”
“Let me ask you this then, since your capacity to finish a sentence is impaired; you kissed me, right?”
CUT TO:
“For me.”
“How did you know I was a doctor?”
Sherlock’s mouth opened but no sound came out. His back arched, toes curling. His left arse cheek burned in the cool air of the room.
John grinned. “Wanker.”
Because I asked you a question and you didn’t answer. So let’s try again. Who hired you?
By the time they reached the other end of the street, they only had one conclusion left: Ms Rosie had given them a fake address.
The closer they got to the Warehouse, the more John became aware that his apprehension had nothing to do with his overactive imagination. Somehow, he could feel that something was wrong and they couldn’t know how bad it was until they got there, making the cab ride seem insufferably long.
Right, well... Bye.
“What the hell was that?” His tone was hushed but harsh.
Hey! You two!
Sherlock didn’t want to tell John about his overdoses. He didn’t want to see the disappointment in his eyes. John hummed as he put aside the soiled cloth. Thankfully he didn’t insist. Sherlock watched his nimble fingers prepare the local anaesthetic as the lamp warmed his wet skin.
Sherlock stared at his screen, teacup halfway to his mouth.
“Stop, stop.” She rubbed her forehead. “Okay, I think that’s enough of that for today. Let’s sit down and focus on your character. We’ll work on your physicality tomorrow, when I find someone to fill in for Ms Adler. But tonight, I want you to sit in front of the mirror and say your lines. What you see in the mirror is what the audience will see. Work on your facial expressions. I want you to understand how a single muscle movement can change what you’re emoting. You’re trying to be real, not paraphrase reality like theatre.” Ms Hawkins raised her hand when Holmes opened his mouth to protest. “Spare me the monologue on theatre, just make sure you practice tonight.”
Ms Adler finished her sentence just in time to smile and greet Holmes, who didn’t bother asking Watson to get up first, just slid in next to him. Stamford and Ms Hooper weren’t far behind him, closing off either ends of the booth to fend off visitors.
You distract the shooter while I climb up to the cabin.
“Sprained ankle, nothing serious.” He answered as he grabbed John’s with one hand and the ramp with the other in order to get up, not doing a good job at hiding the pain.
“I’m working on it.” He repeated loudly. The volume had probably increased again.
“No, by spreading butter with it. Of course by playing it! Instruments can tap easily into the player’s emotions. I guess that’s where the saying “music of the soul” would come from. It’s more about the brainwaves synchronising with the instruments vibrations, but there isn’t much research worth reading in that field, not until human testing is legalised.” John closed his eyes and chose to ignore what the man was implying before he had had a chance to finish his first cup of tea.
Holmes arms dropped. “How?”
BUT! I will write a one shot of her back story that will only be published after episode five because spoilers...
Before Sherlock could manage to wrap himself around John again, he was pushed to lie back down. Whatever protests that started to emerge simmered down when Sherlock felt John’s skin on his own.
Sherlock slowly looks up from his book and stares at Amy.
“Irene.” He cleared his throat. “I’m sorry about him. We, um, our last case didn’t exactly... go, as planned... please don’t leave because he’s being... well, himself.”
“It’s not her fault I’m not attracted to her.”
He calmed down and looked down at her. “There’s no way out of this, is there?”
. It was nothing like she had imagined, it was so much better, hotter, filthier than she had dared fantasise. Not only were John’s moans making her squeeze her thighs together involuntarily, but the sounds of Sherlock licking and sucking were making Molly drench her panties--and probably her trousers, too, at this rate. She wanted to touch herself
There was a murmur of excitement amongst the reporters as they scribbled notes.
Ms Adler eyed Watson a moment. “You really haven’t got a clue, do you?”
Kind of like Holmes, Watson thought, and scoffed.
Watson still couldn’t let it go, how unfair it was that he was alive, and not the brave soldier who had a loving wife and children waiting for him when he was discharged.
Would John have dared to do such a thing in the shop? Sherlock’s cock hardened at the thought.
“Christ.”
Thank you to the wonderful @may-shepard for not just reblogging the prompt and nudging me just enough to write the thing, but for being a wonderful beta that supported and helped me get through writing and posting. This fic would not be as shiny and wonderful without your help. You all need to go read her fic The Burning Heart if you haven’t yet.
“You didn’t.” Sherlock sighed as he turned to walk towards the quarantine zone.
short staffed.” John affirmed as he glanced at the man in front of him.
Sherlock frowned. “John, I am aware that my deductive abilities are far superior to most but I’m fairly certain the term ‘curly haired bitch’ was obvious enough.” And got into the car before John could reply.
was the moment when it dawned on him that they were the only qualified people in the world to fix this. Another bolt hit and John felt the ground shake.
“Spare me your atrocious acting skills.” Sherlock’s deep voice was filled with disdain. “You hired Carson to find the Jade Elephant, put Lilly Abbott to keep an eye on him and he still disappeared. With your men’s skill level it’s obvious why you’ve been reduced to doing the questioning yourself.”
A red LED lit up on the top left of the GPS.
Watson scratched the back of his head. “Yeah, that sort of… happens sometimes. So, I thought I’d play- oh!”
“You can continue now.”
Sherlock’s eyes dropped to John’s hips once more.
“Sorry what?”
John couldn’t believe what he was hearing. “For fuck’s sake.” He cursed softly through his clenched teeth. “No wonder we can’t work properly together. You don’t check if I’m there when you even bother to tell me what’s going on, and if I’m talking to you, you aren’t even
“Yes.”
“Covent Garden’s Market.” Sherlock looked up as he spoke.
Sherlock shook his head. Whatever John thought about why Sherlock had bought Molly lingerie was irrelevant. What was most pressing was the fact that he would inevitably run into John. The shop was still involved, which meant he would be brought in for interrogation. Sherlock wondered, in a panic, if he should quit the case altogether.
When they applause died down, Stamford made Ms Adler, Watson and Holmes come up on the screen to answer questions.
Thank God.
Oh. Good.
The arrival of John’s plate went unnoticed by his partner. He ate in silence, his eyes darting from the file to Sherlock’s immobile figure.
I was wondering, is it true Holmes called you a glorified babysitter?
written all over him.
“Ideally in the near future.” Sherlock added, the prolonged silence making him uneasy. “If you’re amenable, of course.”
Then it’s settled, Holmes and Santiago. This concludes the meeting. Are there any questions?
“Glad I could help.”
“We know.” Watson could see the man smile slightly as he fiddled with the handle of his umbrella. With a sort of swishing sound, the movement stopped and the doors sled open to a white metal corridor that he was pretty sure were steel tubes of about 9 feet in diameter that led them further underground. Watson’s questions stopped as he instinctively scanned the corridor. The sound of their footsteps ringed loudly against the metal grid boardwalk that led them to a steel door fit for a nuclear bunker. Vertical white pipes lined the path, spread evenly every 8 feet or so with a glass compartment at eye height, showing a blue light.
Definitely not a serial killer.
John sipped his tea loudly.
Ms Adler laughed derisively. “Dear lord, no, none of that. But I appreciate the sentiment. What I’m trying to say is, we’ve all done some crazy things in the name of success. You’re free to do what you want to start in this business. But remember that having friends you can count on to help you is rare and precious. So, if you need anything, come and see me.”
“What’s going on?” Stamford asked with a no-nonsense tone.
John blushed profusely and starting giggling uncontrollably.
“Holmes this is huge.” Lestrade said gravely.
“You can’t know that.”
Holmes eyes flickered over Watson. “Screenwriter barely covers it.”
“No, we don’t.”
Slowly, Watson turned to face Holmes, who was currently rolling up his sleeves.
Sherlock took one quick look at his partner. The anger was evident in his stance, making the taller man answer cautiously since he wasn’t sure what exactly had triggered it. “Well, as much as I hate to admit it, I do tend to end up in sticky situations-”
John grabbed his duffle bag. “Splash of milk in my tea,” he said before disappearing into the bathroom.
Things had gone so well last night, why ruin it this morning? John should have known it had been too good to be true.
Judging by the way the bathroom door opened and slammed shut again, followed by pounding steps through the corridor and up the stairs, Sherlock didn’t need to open her eyes to know John’s hair was still red.
“Why didn’t you tell me last night?”
Holmes rolled his eyes. “Is that so hard to believe?”
Lestrade crossed his arms. “I ran background checks on everyone. They all check out except those three.”
Sherlock stares at Boyle as if a third arm was growing out of his forehead.
“No, I wanted you to wake up to go to the warehouse. And what do you mean we’ve got a ping? I didn’t get a ping.”
That’s when the door burst open and in walked Watson, followed by Stamford and Ms Hooper. Watson ignored Ms Hawkins polite protest for the intrusion, and Stamford’s feeble excuses. Holmes let Ms Riley go at their arrival, making her almost fall to the floor. Whatever intention she had of telling off Holmes evaporated when she saw Watson and moved away from Holmes quickly.
“It’s all part of the show,” Holmes told Watson as he settled next to him.
There was a murmur of excitement around the table.
He knew he should say something about the latest script revision, but all he could focus on was how Holmes’ shirt was making his eyes look green.
“John, calm down.”
Up the stairs was a corridor on the left and one on the right. Sherlock approached the top slowly. He could hear the rattle of door knobs on his left. He finished climbing the stairs and laid flat against the opposing wall, having seen the man trapped in a dead end, trying to find an unlocked door. He walked silently on the carpeted floors toward the door frame separating the rooms from the entrance hall. He looked through the ramp and saw John standing up, his hand tight around the bottom post of the stair case, holding his head. They had minutes left. He had to move now.
Ms Hooper checked in on him around lunch time, bearing a sandwich and a cup of tea. She found him with his hair askew and crumpled balls of paper on the floor. Watson thanked her and picked at his plate as he continued working. When he took a sip of his tea and discovered it had gone cold, he decided he needed a walk.
Watson couldn’t believe his ears. “Seriously? This guy, a lead actor in a musical? Can he even carry a tune?”
They pursued him, not noticing Watson’s cane dropping to the floor in the process.
John’s eyes went over the numbers. “February… We were in Dublin. Then May with the— and last week?” John turned to Sherlock. “These all match with dates we had to call in temps.”
Sherlock cursed internally. “Those? I, uh, think they grant wishes.”
Captain Jones leaned back in his chair. He turned to eye Officer Roger, before turning back to Stamford with a calculating eye. “Could you be present at the Press Conference, as a victim?”
Lestrade and Boyle high five.
“John.”
John appeared alert and relieved at the sight of his partner still up and fighting.
“It’s- It’s not...” John tried to explain but words were fleeting him, blood rushing away from his head.
“Ms. Adler is suggesting that someone has tampered with the GPS artifact.” In reality it sounded like the person he was speaking to was a complete idiot, giving John the irresistible urge to pick up the large book on the experiment table and aim it at his head.
SHERLOCK
“For your website?”
The silence continued on, creating a rather tense atmosphere in the vehicle. It took about 45 minutes for John to start squirming in his seat. The padding in the old car was making his legs numb, which wasn’t ideal if they needed to tail Mrs. Carson.
“Told you.”
“You were studying it. What better way to learn then to experience it first hand?” She said as she tightened her grip again, bringing Sherlock to his knees. As much as John was curious to see where this could go, he shook his head; he couldn’t let this go on. He had already waited too long and was probably going to regret it.
“What? No. Unless that’s what you want. I’m sure I can have a proper version typed up in-”
Suddenly John was lying on him again, kissing him hungrily. Sherlock moaned in surprise, the sound losing itself in John’s mouth as he licked his way in.
Sherlock stopped the water before it boiled, poured it over the teabag, and added a splash of milk. He was setting down John’s tea next to the red armchair when the bathroom door opened. Sherlock turned to the sound of heavy footsteps, ready to tell John he had made a mistake, that the evening was over.
John took a seat, while Sherlock chose to stand behind the empty chair, leaning his hands on the backrest. “Contrary to popular belief, I am not an expert in everything.”
The agents come detectives faced the man that had opened the door.
“Because it would attract too much attention.”
“Watson-“ But he got cut off.
Small kept rolling cable. Wilder shrugged.
Lestrade blinked, stunned by Morgan’s response. Lestrade had only gotten that kind of reaction from teenagers, he wasn’t expecting it from Morgan.
His partner narrowed his gaze. “Why is this so important to you?”
“Oh come on, his title wasn’t that bad.”
There was a click as the lock came undone, and with a quick tug, Holmes opened the back of the truck wide enough to slip in to inspect the cargo. Watson took a last look at the building before squeezing himself between the truck and the fence to make it to the back. Watson stuck his head into the opening.
SHERLOCK
Another piece of toast was offered. Sherlock stared into John’s eyes, licked his lips, and opened his mouth. He was pleased John let him close his lips around his thumb along with the toast.
“Talent show?”
“What made you read the notes I made on the script?”
“Why did you run?” Watson asked, keeping his head angled away as Small struggled, attempting to punch him.
“Why do I have a feeling I know where this is going?” John grumbled as she crossed her arms.
“Oh. It’s you.”
Holmes shook his head.
Sherlock smiled against John’s cock. “Yes, Captain.”
“He’s fictional!” Sherlock claimed as if the idea were preposterous. “How does that make any sense?”
“So?”
“So, which is it?” John insisted.
“You ok?”
“Are you all right?”
“Should I…?” Ms Hooper said looking around, unsure what to do.
“What if I tried to stop you?” John asked, following him. He wasn’t going to let him get away this easily. He had had enough of this. He was part of the Warehouse now and he wasn’t going to let his partner treat him like a disposable tool.
Shaking his head, John headed upstairs, the only room where he felt he could get away from it all.
“So there is something?”
SHERLOCK
Morgan sighed. “Action.”
“Hm.” Sherlock hid his surprise at seeing the artifact he was holding when they got sucked into the manuscript and handed the picture to John. “He was hired to find the artifact in this picture for your boss and you kept an eye on him in case he tried to run away with it, which he did, and now you can’t find him and can’t go to your boss empty handed. Still not interested.”
“How could that possibly help?”
“Sherlock!” John exclaimed, moving to grab him with both arms so he wouldn’t fall to the floor, cursing the riding crop in his other hand. Looking around, John knew they didn’t have much choice than to hide in the nearest place possible. “Come on.” He urged Sherlock, helping him stand straight. “In there.” He nodded towards the book store on their left. They moved as best they could through the frozen crowd into the book store, spotting the door with
set.” Watson seemed to relish challenging Morgan.
He finally sat down, lifting his gaze to the woman only to find she had left. He couldn’t help but feel a twinge at the disappearing act. His instinct was usually so on point about his surroundings. Having the man disappear in Qatar, people appearing and disappearing in his flat, then this. Maybe something was off. Maybe some time off wasn’t such a bad idea.
Yeah, who was that guy?
Lestrade told the story as if they were sitting at a pub listening to the match on the radio. “We were doing a drug bust at an opium den. He was there investigating a smuggling ring.”
“Thank you, John.”
“Why isn’t it working? And why isn’t the emergency system kicking in?”
Ms Hooper’s eyes widened. “Oh, you must be exhausted, I forgot you stayed up all night writing. We should be done in an hour or so.”
“Well, read the manual.” Sherlock said, taking out his phone. John rolled his eyes.
“He said he needed his phone and the barometer to get us out.”
She raised the bullhorn with more ease than earlier. “Silence on set!”
“Of course not, you’re too proud to admit it.” Lestrade crossed his arms.
“Unless Mr Holmes has something to say about our choice of replacement?” Ms Hawkins added with a challenging look.
?” John couldn’t believe what he was hearing. He understood that the chances of the artifact being dangerous were slim, but going head first without a plan was completely out of character for Sherlock.
In a loaded silence, they walked back to the car. Their eyes met briefly before they moved to either side of the car but it still felt like it lasted a small eternity full of things unsaid. They climbed in, and as Sherlock started the engine, he told John what had happened while he was unconscious, helping them both regain their composure and focus on the case as they drove to the Indigo Club.
Boyle looks down. Jake frowns. Boyle takes a deep breath.
“Oh.” John said. He didn’t need much imagination to picture scenes of exploding limbs. “But isn’t there a way to control it?”
“What?” Lestrade asked, lost between Watson’s defeated look, Stamford’s glee, and Holmes’s general disinterest.
Sherlock grabbed the matchbox and examined it. “Congratulations John, your knowledge of low end authors is actually useful. Let’s pay a visit to Barnabas and then we’ll go.”
“Please, let him live.”
Don’t call me that.
“Just hand it to us and it’s going to be alright” John added.
She smiled. “That’s one way to put it.” She turned to Holmes. “If you play your cards right, tonight may be the start of your career, whether or not the movie does well. You can thank me later.” She raised her arm to wave at the man coming towards their table. “Gary, how are you darling?”
Sherlock shut her mouth and felt some type of remorse as she hunched over her work.
“Interesting, isn’t it?”
“We’re trying to make a good movie, are we not?”
John stood next to the passenger door as Sherlock made his way to the other side. “How the hell did you figure that out?”
Jake frowns and touches his hair.
“Just hold it.” Sherlock ordered in a gruff before pushing it into John’s chest forcefully and walking back to the computer.
Ten minutes later Holmes was in the infirmary, located in half of a storage room at the far end of the studio, close to an emergency exit. It was mostly composed of a camp bed, a desk and chair, a pharmacy, and a foot lamp. The other half was full of storage racks filled with filing boxes and maintenance supplies.
John whimpered helplessly and arched her back as Sherlock pushed in two fingers. After a few slow thrusts, John’s hands flailed around, looking for something solid to hold onto. Molly took a step forward, ready to help John, when one hand gripped the edge of the counter and the other buried itself in Sherlock curls. The image so close to what Molly had pictured but
Sherlock was chasing a serial killer and he was thrilled about it. It was exactly what he needed after months of dull thefts and badly executed frauds. Even cold cases couldn’t keep him busy. He was driving himself up the wall. Cocaine had been becoming an appealing option when Lestrade called him about this case.
…Yes.
Watson shrugged. “Why are you asking me?”
Sherlock closed his eyes, jaw clenched. “John.” He wished his voice didn’t sound so pained as he slowly unwrapped his arms, making sure John was stable enough to stand on his own. “We need to catch Rebecca Carson.”
“Having a doctor around does have its perks,” Holmes commented as he moved to the window.
They repeated the scene, only Holmes played a bit more with his reactions, as did Ms Adler.
“Can I taste?”
So what are you doing here? Don’t you want to question him yourself?
Holmes smiled, his real one, the one that made his clever eyes shine bright. The one that made Watson’s heart skip a beat. Time stretched and suddenly ran fast as Holmes slapped Watson on his shoulder and dashed off to inspect the third truck.
“Sherlock.”
Stamford looked nervous as he watched the reactions around the table. Ms Hawkins contemplated Holmes from head to toe, slowly twirling her hair around her finger. Ms Riley looked predatory. Wiggins and Dimmock shrugged, they knew that no matter how charming he was, rehearsal would reveal what they were really dealing with.
Run his tongue along the length of it, pressing the head against his throat. Shivers ran down Sherlock’s back. He wanted John in his mouth, wanted to please him, wanted to do something right after their difficult start.
“This is going to sound ridiculous, but he made a little girl cry.” Mrs. Hudson burst with laughter at John’s words.
Before Watson could finish his sentence, the office door opened to reveal Stamford, who was surprised to find Holmes blocking his way.
Ms Adler was fiddling with her nails and looking bored, while Anderson looked like he was about to lose it.
“Why did you help him?”
Since John’s hands were occupied by the microscope and holding her towel in place, Sherlock assumed the tug war would be brief. So, it came as a surprise when John let go of her towel to block and twist Sherlock’s arm and direct her against the wall. John held her in place with a firm grip, twisting her wrist enough to bring her to the brink of pain.
The familiarity between Holmes and Watson had grown steadily as filming advanced. They spent all day together on set, and Holmes had mostly abandoned his hotel room for Watson’s flat. Their evenings were spent talking about anything but the movie, before falling asleep in each other’s arms, sated.
“She was perfect, she didn’t deserve any of that,” Watson argued.
“You look…” Anderson started to say, the salacious look in his eyes completing his sentence.
“That’s a noir name if I ever heard one.” John commented, grasping at the chance to change the mood.
“Unusual artifact disturbance. Come on.” Sherlock told him quickly before he made his way down the second flight of stairs to a waiting cab.
“I couldn’t save her in the real world, but I will in here. So back off.” Bishop kept punctuating his words by waving the gun around. It just made him seem comical rather than threatening and yet John couldn’t let go of his anger. With ease, he disarmed Bishop, pieces of the gun falling to the ground as he spoke. “Stop waving that around. You’re a writer, not a killer.”
You think I won’t?
. You are THE BEST. With your help and support my writing has improved SO MUCH. I am so lucky to have you in my life (also the best writing sprint buddies!).
Oh God, how was John expecting Sherlock to form a coherent thought?
After a moment, he opened his eyes, shook his head, and focused on the now. “So,” He turned to survey the surroundings. “Where is this… colleague of yours?”
“Which is fine, by the way.” John added, treading safely.
“Yes.”
Ms Hooper worried her lip and turned to Watson. “I’ll do it if you do.”
Sherlock fell back down, the command, even in fantasy, made his cock harder.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock put the flashlight aside and brought her hands close to John’s legs. Her entire body was stiff and screamed discomfort. John nodded her approval, but it didn’t stop her fingers from digging into the armrests unconsciously when she felt Sherlock’s hand on her knee. She seemed surprised when both her legs were pushed aside.
“Yes.”
“Cut!” Watson shook his head a bit. “That was great. Let’s go again for footage’s sake.”
“Did what?”
The sound of a car driving by popped them out of their bubble. Watson looked uncomfortable then, turning away from the street.
There was a deafening silence on set as Ms Adler’s rearranged her hands on her hips.
Stamford put on his supportive smile and headed over to Morgan. “Do you need to take five?”
Holmes smiled. “That is exactly why this is such a brilliant plan. She’s taking advantage of this ridiculous preconception that women are only good to cook, clean and have kids. There is much more to Ms Adler than meets the eye. She may not be the head of the operation, but she’s fully capable of leading. Think about it, why wouldn’t she be the one who has connections in the police? In fact, she’s so well known that she probably didn’t even need to know the inspectors, she could have walked in there, ask to speak to the detective in charge, and very nicely ask to close the case so we could resume filming.”
“John, this really isn’t the time to-”
“What would you have done?” John repeated insistently.
“Damn.” Lestrade muttered to himself. “I didn’t think he’d be
Another gunshot, hitting the deck this time.
He straightened his shoulders and stepped aside so Watson could lead the way out.
Sherlock comes out of the main entrance, sees Chester and walks to him as quickly as he can without getting noticed. Chester is almost done with the last knot when Sherlock reaches him.
“We have our ways. Tell me the events of your last mission.” Watson sat back into the posh chair, taking a moment to consider how to deal with this.
Stamford looked from the distressed director, to the rest of the crew who were now whispering amongst themselves. Most likely betting on the outcome of today’s director tantrum, from what he had heard of the set gossip.
Sherlock smiled as best he could. “When I cleared the table.”
John shook his head, unsurprised. “I will fix that some day.”
The memory of how Let Me Live was written came to Watson’s mind. It had happened shortly after he was discharged and shipped back to London. He hadn’t sent out any scripts yet, just written a lot. It was the only thing keeping him sane after weeks of lonely uneventful days and long sleepless nights.
“What is this place?” Watson asked, his eyes looking everywhere.
“How so?” Holmes inquired.
Terry turns back to face Holt.
“Grab the ramp.”
Come on.
Morgan shook it briefly and took a step back. “Well, Ms Hawkins wasn’t exaggerating, you are quite the looker.” Morgan started walking around Holmes, looking him up and down.
She bit her lip and waited, hoping she hadn’t pushed it too far. John’s frown was still there, but she still hadn’t said no.
“Look it’s not… You won’t believe me.”
“Get out.” Was all Sherlock said, his voice cold, tossing her away like an old rag. He turned back to the computer, not noticing John’s worried frown. He had not seen his partner back out of an argument ever since he had met him.
“Wait, Holmes, stop.”
SHERLOCK
Lestrade sighs and nods.
Watson felt out of place. This was so fancy, and everyone seem to already know each other. Stamford was right, Watson needed to go out more. Thankfully, Ms Hooper was nice enough to hold his arm as they walked along with the rest of the cast and crew to their booths.
“She’s already done all I needed her for. She can tank this place for all I care. As soon as we’re up and running I’m out of here.”
“I don’t care whatever logical reasoning you’ve convinced yourself of, but your body needs energy to function-”
Watson tried to picture it in his mind. “As if the camera was Edward looking in.”
Lestrade took pity on them. “It means we did so many takes that day that we ran out of film.”
Watson chuckled and patted Stamford on the part of his arm he could reach. “I was going to play it.” Watson’s eyes drifted to Holmes again.
“Then why?”
“What? Why?”
“I- I oh, God, I-,”
Holmes’s eyes bore into Watson, as if seeing right through him. “You’re much cleverer than you let on, Doctor Watson.”
“Yes, yes, of course. Sorry, just a bit nervous.” Holmes said with a tight smile.
Dimmock looked uncomfortable. “I agree the lyrics are a bit on the nose, but you’d have to talk to Stamford for any changes.”
“Wouldn’t you have done that before going inside?”
“It’s the 1940s.” He defended, grateful that Sherlock probably couldn’t see him blush with his gray complexion.
Heads turn as Sherlock walked by, possibly because they were the only ones who weren’t wearing a tuxedo or because of his natural grace and beauty judging by the looks directed his way as he pushed through the crowded club.
“Did anyone else see you two here tonight?”
I was hoping to discuss some sort of mentorship with you.
JOHN (
Long pause. Everyone turns towards Sherlock who is still staring at John but with his eyes glazed over a bit. Sherlock inhales sharply, suddenly remembering to breathe.
“Bloom, right.” Anderson said with a nervous laugh.
Bishop took a step back and straightened. “It’s a work in progress!”
“Can I help you?” She asked, seeming a bit concerned.
“You ok?” Sherlock asked quietly, putting away the bagged dagger in his coat.
“You said you hacked her email and saw she paid extra for same day shipping!”
I was kidding. Wow you are really into these two.
“You getting to the point soon?”
John’s scrubbing slowed as he thought about it. “I guess the thrill of finishing this project in its last hours is appealing. No time for nonsense.”
Oh my God.
“And you still need to come up with your pseudonym.” Stamford added, ignoring Holmes. “Have you watched any Morgan films?”
Boyle nods and faces Jake.
“I, uh,” Watson cleared his throat. “I tailed Small all day-”
Rebecca Carson growled in anger and took another shot, hitting the pillar behind Sherlock who had ducked, his body covering John’s. When he looked back, Rebecca had run away, lost in the fog. He kneeled and checked John’s pulse again; his own heart rate doubling when couldn’t find one.
You’re bleeding.
Because sometimes you get an idea and life gives you a chance to bring it to fruition.
“Yes, yes, that’s right.” Stamford said gratefully.
“Hm?”
“I know, it’s so
Whatever was affecting John disappeared as he watched Sherlock’s body impact the concrete floor. Without a second thought, he ran to Sherlock and grabbed his shoulders to slide him to safety.
“A leather box. Clever.” Sherlock mused as he looked at the tattoo on the lid before slipping it into the bag where it sparked before it stopped glowing. He turned to John who was leaning against the wall, head tilted up, his eyes closed, still trying to catch his breath.
“What about Mrs. Hudson?”
“Yes, Mr. Morgan?”
Hank was face down, his arm twisted behind his back by John, who was straddling his hips.
“Hm, someone did his homework.” Morgan winked at Ms Hawkins, who smiled back conspiringly.
“Around eight in the morning. The whole staff stayed after closing to clean up, then we went out for breakfast.”
“Here you go dear.” Mrs. Hudson said as she handed John his tea. Instantly John noticed she hadn’t asked how he took it, but he was certain it was exactly to his liking.
Of course not. He gave me a new one.
Suddenly, Watson was sitting in the best seat in the room as the scene came alive before him. No more obstacles, no more camera and light fixtures blocking his view. Just the whirring sound of the camera to his right, adding a touch of enchantment to the scene. Watson found himself letting go. He forgot about everything and just watched his months of work on the script become reality.
She shook her head at him but smiled before heading back downstairs. Holmes quickly opened one of the boxes they were supposed to carry to the trucks.
“I’m fine.”
“What I don’t understand is why you would want to stay in this world? You don’t seem
“The pawn shop owner ran and tried to kill John when we asked who sold the artifact to him. Thought you might want to have a chat with him?”
“Yes, Ms Assistant Director Hooper.” Watson answered.
Holmes turned enough to be able to watch them while keeping a lookout.
Assuming it works.
Ms Hooper caught herself staring at Stamford, surprised he would admit something of the sort to Ms Adler. She eyed Ms Adler quickly. As always, she kept her thoughts well hidden. When Ms Hooper then turned to Ms Kate, she was surprised to find her staring back with an amused smile. Ms Hooper looked away and wished she didn’t blush so easily.
John couldn’t help it; there was just something about Sherlock in this universe that was making him irresistible: his sleeked hair, the teasing smile tugging at his lips, the angle of his hat as he looked at John with a gleam in his eye. Without his usual coat, John could see the little swing of his hip as he spun around and ran towards the stairs. He wasn’t sure if his pulse jumped because of the thrill of the chase or the man he was hunting with.
The silence felt heavier under the sound of laughter coming from Morgan’s table.
“Depending how this all turns out, obviously.” Morgan chuckled.
“What?”
You think Lestrade might be into Boyle?
“Bloody hell.” John groaned and downed as much of his tea as he could. “Next time, make sure you win the stupid auction.” The soldier complained as he put his cup in the sink, grabbed his jacket and followed his partner out of the flat.
“John.” Was all Sherlock could say. But all John could hear was a dull steady tone.
“Bideford, but-”
Still no response?
“Sherlock!”
Sherlock’s eyes widened momentarily as he glimpsed at his partner.
“Opportunity? You mean blackmail.” John spat back.
I’m fine. I can take a punch.
Chester runs to the ladder that leads to the cabin.
Holmes spotted the man coming towards them. “Like miniature press conferences?”
“The man you followed. Describe him.” Watson’s laugh sounded loudly in the quiet room.
Not what, but who. You see, detective Santiago here is obsessed with--
John pulled off his latex gloves, laid his hands on his own thighs, and looked at Sherlock. “Quite honestly, that was the most fun I’ve had since, God, I’m not even sure.”
That’s when Sherlock discovered Hank was a terrible criminal. Well, for his standards anyway.
LESTRADE
Watson cut them off, unable to stay silent anymore. “You’re really considering this as a viable option? You don’t even know if he can dance.”
“Yes.”
“No problem, I’ll start working on the arrangements,” Dimmock stretched his arms to get the sheet music.
Probably, yeah.
, the difference is blatant.” John gave him a look that was a clear warning to choose his next words with care. Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Are you feeling ill?” He asked with false sincerity.
I'll keep it short: SO SATISFYING. (via May-shepard)
He leaned back in his chair, rubbing the tips of his fingers on his lips.
Hey, I don’t mean to cut in buuuut…
Morgan rolled his eyes. “Fine. I’ll try.”
“Not really, I mean, I’ve already had this story in my head for a while. We have a great crew and a wonderful cast to work with. But you’ll be the judge when the movie comes out in… wow, a month.” Watson whistled. “Yeah, alright, I’m a bit worried now.”
Watson nodded, but found that odd, given Holmes’s dancing ability. Watson headed over to the desk and leaned his cane against it. He opened the top right drawer and took out a pair of gloves. He put them on as he turned to Holmes, their eyes meeting for the first time today.
John waited for the witty comeback, looked up in surprise at his partner’s silence and figured he better keep going before Sherlock got bored. “And now that I’m here... well, she seemed pretty convinced we’re going to catch it.” John wasn’t entirely convinced of it himself, but his instinct was telling him this was their best shot at succeeding.
“What parts of the movie where directed by Moriarty?”
Neeson opened the door and in went Watson and Rogers, clearing left and right. Then Jones moved passed them and checked the first right corner. He pulled back quickly, seeing a guard at the next checkpoint, exactly where they were heading. Jones signalled the others silently.
I’ll be in my office if you need me.
“And you were, what, bartending?”
Jake, don’t you dare leave--
So, what do you normally do during a stake out?
“Morning.” John greeted them as he walked to the kettle. He didn’t feel that grumpy, but waking up to his boss,
“It’s just a movie.” Holmes added and frowned when the entire room turned to him with wide eyes. He leaned closer to Watson. “Not good?”
“Alright. I’m here.” John sniffed. “Fill me in.”
(Seriously, I argued about this with my betas and they were unanimous against the idea, you’ll see why.)
“I’ve had to come here so many times with Stamford and I still feel out of place,” she murmured to Watson.
“No.”
“Well, that explains your tendency to use violence as a first resort.”
John bit his lip, probably thinking Sherlock was the most ridiculous person in the world.
LESTRADE
Lestrade, who had moved close enough to listen in, didn’t try to stop him. He kept his eye on Holmes. The room stayed silent until the studio door closed behind Watson.
Holmes watched Watson through his lashes. “I’ll be there at eight.” He let his eyes linger on his lips a beat before winking.
Holmes’s voice was low enough for just Watson to hear, making the question almost intimate. Until the meaning behind it made him pause. He leaned back to look at Holmes.
The clerk scoffed. “I believe you mean you would like a room.”
“And they plan to do the same with Stamford Productions,” Holmes added. “By making movies, that is, not by building sets.”
The agent kept his eyes straight ahead. “Spend Barnabas’ money and delay the moment where you start nagging me to eat.”
Do you even know how to--?
They heard a knock on the door; a feminine silhouette could be seen through the frosted glass.
“I’ll be careful.”
“Maybe
TERRY
“Please.” John whispered.
Watson frowned. “And what do they normally say?”
Holmes spun Ms Adler, and looked down into her eyes. “Have you ever seen the sunrise from the middle of the Pacific Ocean?”
Have fun.
“You’re enjoying this.” Holmes replied with a bit of bite in his tone.
Holmes pulled out Let Me Live and Watson cursed himself. He had forgotten that he had put that one in the rejected pile, only because he had never sent it out and wasn’t planning to. Of course Holmes would pick that one. The script Watson had written in what was most likely the lowest point of his life. Without taking off his coat, Holmes sat at the table and read.
She stared at Watson before remembering. “Oh. Right.” She clumsily raised the bullhorn, then gave a tiny smile as she shouted, "Places, everyone!"
John’s eyes hardened before he turned, aimed and hit Rebecca directly in the chest. Wide eyed, her body fell over the railings and to the floor like a rag doll, the Jade Elephant lying next to her limp hand.
Watson fought the slight blush creeping up his neck. He knew better than to think Holmes flirting as actual interest. “Don’t try to distract me with flattery, what were you thinking?” He scolded. “You need stitches, you could even have a concussion, and you’re lucky that’s all you’re walking away with.”
“Grab the transaction papers for the knife; once we fix you, we’ll pay a visit to the previous knife owner.” Sherlock said as he pocketed the clock and took out his Farnsworth.
You just call yourself a detective.
“Apparently not. It moved. Damn computer! Why can’t you follow it!?” Sherlock slammed his hand against the desk.
Holmes’ brain is the peak of deductive reasoning. His solve rate is almost one hundred percent.
The clerk headed to the small counter with a display of different sizes of stainless steel rods, cock rings, and collars. He neatly aligned his selection of tools on the counter and turned to face Sherlock.
Somehow, John’s smiling threat intensified.
“A consultant.” Sherlock corrected.
“Yes.”
A flash of insult appeared on Holmes’s face before he could school his features. “Is there a reason you’ve poisoned me and tied me to a chair other than to insult me?”
“What?” Surprised by what he was hearing, John turned to look at Sherlock.
“Why would they send a doctor to do a soldier’s job?” He asked, his voice filled with exasperation, but his expression was curious, as if searching for an answer simply by staring at him. Watson was about to ask the man what he was doing here, but his brain slammed the breaks and replayed what he had just heard.
“We needed a cover story.”
“I have no objections to those things.”
“I know.”
Oh no.
Oh no.
“You better have a good explanation for why you broke onto
“Not that I’m aware of.”
It means you’re not much of a challenge. You’re like an open book. Perhaps a side effect of your hygiene. Or lack thereof.
What is happening?
“Do you know what has been done to it?”
“No! Sherlock, you can’t move!” John exclaimed, placing his hand on his unhurt shoulder to stop him as his commanding tone creeped out. “You have severe internal damage, not to mention the blood loss if you get up-”
Really Amy? Snitching on me?
Watson stared at them. “Can we focus on work, please?”
Terry signals Boyle to sit down. Boyle sits at the end of Terry’s desk.
“Well, that’s one option. Another is an artifact.”
Lestrade looked at Holmes with a confused frown. “I could see you two were getting along, but I’ve never heard you say that about anyone before. She must be special.”
Rosa snorts a laugh. Boyle and Lestrade laugh. Holt shakes his head.
Ms Adler was the first character to appear on screen. She looked beautiful of course, and her portrayal of Jane was perfect. But it was nothing compared to Edward’s entrance.
“Was it this intense last time they argued over the script?” Morgan whispered to Ms Hawkins, who shook her head.
John looks at Lestrade. He’s massaging Boyle’s shoulders while he talks with Jake.
“No shit!”
“Nope. Not happening. I will not pursue that line of thought.” John said aloud, diverting his eyes from the mirror as his brain went through every argument he had ever had with Sherlock. He didn’t want to see the blush spread across his neck and face.
When Sherlock took the next bite, John’s thumb lingered on his lip. It put a halt to Sherlock’s spiralling thoughts. He watched as John brought it to his own mouth and licked.
“Depends on your tolerance to drugs.”
Morgan turned the full force of his tantrum to Watson. “Unless you have a finale in your hands, I don’t want to see you on my set.”
All he could think about was Holmes’s and Ms Adler’s performance of
Sherlock blinked rapidly as he processed what was happening. The casual tone was throwing him off.
“A month ago, you were firing my gun at the wall. Then it was the fermentation farm in the cupboard that gave me food poisoning, not to mention that chemical burn I’m still nursing. And now I have red hair. At this rate, I might not survive another year of living with you.”
BOYLE
They stared at each other a moment before John spoke.
“I’m going to the flat.” He told the back of Sherlock’s head. He waited 15 seconds before giving up and grabbing his coat.
Before Holmes could register what was happening, there was a second gunshot, quickly followed by two more, and they still weren’t coming from the gun he was staring at.
Watson was suddenly very aware they were alone. In his flat. At night. Alone. And they just had dinner together. That he had cooked.
Back arched, she hooked her legs over the armrests, body sinking lower and closer to Sherlock. Her hands pushed John’s thighs further apart, digging her fingers into the muscles as John ground her hips to the rhythm of Sherlock’s tongue.
“Well, that depends on the symptoms you’re experiencing. How do you feel?”
“That may be true, but there are better ways to broach the subject.”
And why should we take orders from you?
Coffee?
John’s head turned towards Sherlock at his words. “What? Why?”
“Can I borrow your script?”
“You?” Sherlock asked after a moment.
“You constantly insist on keeping casualties at a minimum yet since we’ve been here, you seem to have no remorse in beating up every threat we meet.”
Damn. That’s intense.
“Auxiliary.”
“And Ms Hawkins?” Stamford nudged Watson with is elbow. “It’s probably because Morgan can’t do anything without his assistant.”
Watson huffed derisively. “As long as it’s a love story?”
He tilted his head. “Kill Watson?”
They certainly weren’t expecting to see her punch Rebecca in the face, run down the stairs, grab her lover’s hand and hide behind the bar.
SHERLOCK
“Thank you.” Lestrade told the waitress as she brought his and Watson’s drinks.
It was worse than John thought. “You know what, never mind. We’re here now, may as well get on with it.”
Molly breath came out shaky, wondering if she should pinch herself, if this really was happening, if she was really considering…
SUSPECT
With three rapid lunges, the Armor backed down the alley, exactly where Sherlock wanted him. Evading the counter attack, the agent slid to the right and turned, kicking the Armor forward, making him loose his footing and stumble onto the floor.
Ms Rosie rolled her eyes. “The nurse.”
It’s like Boyle infected him, but Lestrade managed to maintain his sex appeal.
The sight of his partner conscious was a relief as much as it was a concern. “Don’t move. You’ll be fine.” He was saying it as much for Sherlock as for himself as he felt the blood on the floor slowly being soaked up by his trousers. John took out his phone to call an ambulance, but he couldn’t get a signal. That darn blocker. He tried with his Farnsworth, but the only other person he could call was Mycroft. Putting aside his misplaced anger towards the Caretaker, John rang him.
White. Everything was white for a moment. White was all they could see. Without giving it a second thought, John grabbed a page. Blinking, his vision restored slowly as the rain of paper ceased.
“Room neutralized. We’re in position in front of the east door, Over.” Rogers called to Talley.
Jones checked the corner again and added a silencer to his hand gun. He smiled at the team before walking out. He didn’t even take two steps that the guard was down.
I guess. I mostly keep him out of jail.
The cast and crew go out to celebrate their new director and assistant director.
“John?”
“You okay?”
Watson chuckled. “You can sing and act, and you’re a good detective,” He looked away, shifted his weight. “But your dancing…”
Sherlock enjoyed the hitch in John’s breath at the mention of danger.
Oh Amy no.
“Right.” What was he suppose to tell Neeson, John wondered as he opened the door.
“I didn’t; it was unlocked.”
Before he could figure it out, Sherlock found himself standing in the center of the new room and slowly turning to look at everything. The previous room was tame compared to this one. It was almost like a historical exhibit of torture tools. The walls were covered with ornamented knives, daggers, metal restraints, even what looked like a medieval torture chamber that could be suspended to the ceiling. There was a pommel horse in one corner and a polished wooden chair with a hole in the seat in the other.
“The Warehouse has a soul? How is that even possible?”
“No, he already did what he came here to do.” Sherlock turned and walked back towards the car.
Oh, thank God.
Ms Adler eyed him as if she found him adorable. “Mr Holmes, I greatly enjoy your company, and even more working with you.” Ms Adler slid closer, and leaned in. “But…” She whispered in his ear. “I prefer my personal assistant.” She leaned back to watch his reaction.
Watson took a step forward, stumbling a bit, and kept his back to Holmes while he gathered his wits. If Watson didn’t know better, he could swear Holmes was making a move. It reminded him of something he would encounter in his army days.
“Where did you get this ridiculous idea?”
“Enough to launder money.”
Nine Nine. Why? Who are you?
“Where did you even find this guy?” Ms Hawkins pursued.
“I thought you liked combat.”
“Yes.” Sherlock whispered.
What?
“Damn rubbish computer!” Sherlock swore loudly, making John stumble back, breaking the contact between them and bumping into the table behind him and sitting heavily on it. “I keep asking for maintenance but it always gets pushed back. If we didn’t have so much security clearance required it would be fixed already. Locating the artifact is going to take a moment.” The agent finished explaining as he rustled around his desk, seemingly looking for something that could help speed things up.
Since Watson was holding medical supplies against his chest with one hand and his cane in the other, Holmes did not expect any resistance. So, it was a bit of a surprise when Watson switched the grip on his cane and wrangled Holmes backwards with it. After a few steps, the back of his knees hit the chair in front of the mirror.
Around eleven thirty, having spent his morning at the bank, Stamford walked down the long corridor to the stairs leading up to his office. He had his right foot on the second step when he heard the faint sound of the opening song. He paused and listened to Holmes’s deep voice, a soothing sound to the rough start of his day.
After cleaning and disinfecting, Watson cut a gauze piece and tape to bandage the stitches. Holmes’s reflection caught his eye, specifically the stretch of his neck as he stayed leaned back. Watson felt conflicted by the sight of it, because Holmes didn’t have to close his eyes. If he had kept them open, he would have straightened while Watson prepared the bandage. But Holmes had closed his eyes and stayed exactly as Watson had instructed him. It was odd, and a bit unnerving to have Holmes offer his trust so… willingly.
I should probably mention the "cursed coins" don't exist for realz. But the Waterfront Barge Museum does. And I took some liberties on like, space-time things to create tension, cause Pier 12 is like, close but not that close to the Barge.
How the hell had it come to this?
He didn’t have to wait the standard three seconds. A whistling sound was the only warning before there was a loud crack. Sherlock instantly felt a stinging sensation in the center of his left arse cheek before it started burning. Contrary to the wide paddles, the crop’s impact was small yet brutal. The pain reminded him of burns. He wasn’t fond of the sensation, but very interested in John’s skill.
Amy’s closes her mouth. Sherlock takes a deep breath and settles in his seat. The silence lasts about three seconds.
“You don’t think he planned it himself?” Mycroft asked his brother.
Sherlock stared at John’s tented trousers and evaluated his options. His obstacles were a zip and button. Sherlock was certain there was a belt in the standard uniform but was grateful it was skipped. Assuming John wouldn’t intervene with new parameters during the process, the task was feasible.
“Again, read a book sometime.” John commented over his shoulder and navigated his way through the crowd to the bar. “Hey kid, bring me the phone.”
“Captain Watson, have you ever heard of the great fire of London in 1666?” The man asked, bringing Watson out of his thoughts.
.” She added quickly.
What he wasn’t expecting was to end up standing in front of a shelf two rows down from the sphere. He had simply wanted to take a step back and have a look at the situation from afar. But something kept... pulling, kept nagging,. Not in his head, in his core. Not quite like a gut instinct but... Nevertheless, he was in front of the few shelves still standing, looking straight at a steel mace with spikes at the end. It seemed to call out to him, empathising with his rage and desire to vanquish his opponent. With a smirk, John grabbed it and relished the feeling of power that washed over him as he weighed the well balanced weapon in his hand.
“You do realise that if you become an agent, you can never reveal to anyone what you do?”
“Not sure.”
John is crouched next to the cabin. He slowly raises to get a look inside. POV John: there is nobody in sight. Gun at the ready, John opens the door, then peers inside. He sees the shooter on the floor, unconscious, leaning against the control panel.
Rather than answering the question, calling Sherlock a freak, or worse, John tilted his head and smiled. Not a wide smile, and certainly not a happy one.
“The bridge on Fourth Street, just like Doris said.”
John waited for more and sighed heavily when all he got was a knowing look from Sherlock. “Don’t do that.”
Holmes smiled triumphantly, making Ms Adler giggle as he took his mark. He did exactly as they had rehearsed, walking over to Jane, but added in a jump over the white picket fence. The overall effect was a bit ridiculous, but endearing, which proved Holmes’s point that it was something Edward would do.
They found him crawling out of the window. In no time he was unarmed and tied to a chair.
Morgan sank further into his seat. “I think you’ve already made your decision, and now you’re just having fun.”
Holmes was sitting on the bed, still holding the handkerchief against his wound. Lestrade stood guard by the door as they waited for Watson.
