of them had been asleep, and Sherlock had woken to see that the text had come over an hour beforehand.
John waited, gazing back steadily with a small smile. Sometimes, silence was necessary for Sherlock to think and come to his uncanny conclusions.
"John? You look even worse. You must've been hit in the head somewhere," Sherlock insisted, beginning to tug his chin down so he could inspect the back of his head.
Simplified thinking maybe, but at this late hour and John's natural limit on his thinking capabilities, he thought it was the best he could do.
The statement was said as if Sherlock was discussing some hard-textbook fact; words clipped and to the point.
"Interesting," Sherlock murmured, eyes flicking away from the top of his head to meet his own as his hand fell away, "For someone of your intellect, your deductions were rather well made. Simple and childish, but accurate nonetheless."
Sherlock always went above and beyond when it came to solving a case, pushing every boundary and overcoming any obstacle in his way to get the work done. After witnessing it on the very first case they worked, John immediately made a note to be a louder voice of reason in the future, because he just
John's eyes slid shut, arms bracketing on the counter on either side of Sherlock because he was sure his legs would give way
Sherlock set down his book on a small stack already formed on the table. In the early morning light, his hair momentarily lit up like a halo before he sat back and blocked most of the light. John shifted a bit in his warm cocoon, turning just enough to look at the man.
of something.
"I'm afraid John's right," he said, making a great show of looking bored and discontent with his surroundings. However, John could see in his eyes that he was highly amused by his little speech. "I had every intention of speaking to Lestrade and leaving, but John persuaded me otherwise. However, not even his alluring charms can keep me here for much longer-"
"But you're bleeding too."
Sherlock was painfully lean. Too many of his ribs stood prominent beneath his milky skin, and his spine was a visible set of knobs that made John think of the skeletons he'd become intimately familiar with in medical school. A few scars littered his skin, most old and silver, but a couple were a more fresh pink, stretching this way and that as Sherlock's skin pulled taut over sinew and bone.
Granted, the more extreme situations regarding the lack of eating occurred when Sherlock was especially high energy and putting his all into the task at hand, whether it be some scientific discovery or a tough case, but that didn't mean John could fall lax in his vigilance. A grown man needed more than tea and
"Come along, John. I know you want to give a witty retort. Don't let the-
John's mouth clamped shut because now Sherlock's eyes were scrutinizing him, the whites of his eyes more visible in the dark than the icy blue of his irises, and he found that he couldn't readily respond. His skin rippled with goosebumps, but the sweat had turned from a cold sleep type to the familiar one he'd always had in Afghanistan.
John really didn't. Sherlock's hair tickled the side of his face in this position, keeping his scent close, and he was just about half passed out.
John looked up sharply, and Sherlock smiled; a crooked thing of white teeth that knocked the breath out of him almost undid him right there on the fucking floor.
The cracks deepened, but Sherlock didn't seem to feel or notice them. His eyes were alight now, revealing a spark of life that set him apart from the crowd that teemed around them. There was the passion, the wild, vicious struggle against boredom and stagnation that characterized him.
"You're not fine. Don't lie to me," Sherlock said, gently getting him turned onto his side before shuffling so that he blocked the light, something that John could only discern by instinct and the way the vague concept of light and shadow he could make out with his closed eyes changed.
"I am renowned for my genius, but my erratic nature would've long been the death of me if it weren't for you."
He swayed straight into the nightstand, taking a tumble that involved bringing down what sounded like half of the nightstand contents with him to the floor.
. And you wanted to know how I feel, didn't you?"
"I do many things on purpose," Sherlock said huskily, pale eyes steady and open in a way that made John extend his touch up to his flushed cheeks. "This, however, was a leap of faith. I think I only have faith in you, John."
when you swear."
Sand drifted through the streets of London, sinking into nooks and crannies it shouldn't have ever belonged in. The sand existed only on the periphery though; trivial compared to the monochromatic sea of people before him.
"You're no monster to me, Sherlock," he said finally, and when he said the man's name, he saw him twitch slightly, "You're just...you're just
"Are you fond of my face the way it is?"
Something flared in Sherlock's eyes, so human and alive that it would've taken John's breath away if it'd been given the chance.
"Right," John said, running a hand through his soaked hair before moving towards the fridge, "I'm
Sherlock laughed, the sound vibrating right down to John's bones and settling in them like it was meant to be there the whole time.
"I doubted you when you said it wasn't rotten work taking care of me, but if you love me even half as much as I love you, I can believe it. It's not hard at all, to take care of someone you love."
), deductive genius, and part-time scientist (who else would keep eyes in the
"You're a strange man, John."
He wasn't sure why he asked that. It seemed Sherlock hadn't expected that either, for there was another long pause.
John growled at his blasé reply and straightened up with a retort ready on his tongue that died as soon as he caught sight of Sherlock.
John was not a fan of the developing situation. He was currently on hour 29 of no sleep and he'd developed an annoying headache no amount of caffeine could rectify; the sludge they served up at the station certainly wasn't helping. He was exhausted, in desperate need of a shower, and
That didn't keep John's expert hands from nearly dropping the bandages he was carefully folding around Sherlock's fingers.
John snatched another glance at his flatmate and had the wild thought that Sherlock was almost translucent as the man passed across one of the windows. His concave stomach and bony shoulders were too much for him to handle, and John looked away quickly before his tongue could get ahead of him.
"John. John,
"Wait…John, you can't be serious."
"You are," John chuckled, shaking his head. He couldn't verbalize any of what he felt for Sherlock; the birds and the blood and everything else, but he could say some things without giving it all away. "Better a bastard worth knowing than a worthless friend."
John looked down at his tea and was taken aback to find that Sherlock was right; his cup was rattling hard enough that it was a miracle he hadn't spilled any yet.
But John suddenly couldn't bear to do so. He cast his eyes to the side, fixed on the case he'd tripped over so many times that he'd put a few of those scuffs in the leather himself. The physical remnants of all those stubbed toes in the dark and on hectic mornings were easier to look at than the mess he'd created between them.
"I don't know…I don't know what's wrong," John whispered, maddeningly confused. "I'm not even sad."
, and seemed to thrive off of making people, i.e. police, feel as stupid and inadequate as possible.
"It just does," he murmured, shutting his eyes for a very long second, "The longer you spend in your pajamas, the crabbier you get."
John let himself be yanked up and pushed backward, back and back over the violin case, and stumbling past the armchairs as Sherlock's hands and mouth roamed, teasing and taunting as much as his words could when he was being witty and clever. But John gave as good as he got, and when they reached the dark hall,
(Trust was so much better than simply being put up with for convenience's sake.)
It wouldn't surprise John if he was. He held his breath, the sudden tidal sweep of emotion long gone and replaced by a new, fitful anticipation that tumbled around in his chest. What was Sherlock considering?
done anything to mitigate Sherlock's more destructive personal habits.
like the Thames," Sherlock remarked, nostrils flaring ever so slightly as he sniffed delicately, "No, you smell rather pleasant. Exactly like the thunderstorm outside."
John opened his mouth to dissuade Sherlock of his perceptions out of sheer habit before he paused.
"Get over here," Sherlock said after taking a moment to take him in, ascertaining for himself that John was well.
"I was
woke when he left the bed, but John knew it was better to nip this sort of thing in the bud before it got worse. Besides, he didn't want to spread it to Sherlock, who always complained furiously whenever he was under the weather.
His leg, the old fake bum one he'd loathed dragging around when he'd need his cane, protested his tightening grip, but John held on anyway.
," he said fondly, the tone sparking a sudden ache in John's chest. "You really are something else. Do you reserve your bedside manner for the hospital only?"
tell how much John had come to care for.
Sherlock huffed out a laugh that ghosted across John's exposed cheek, letting him know that his face was closer now than ever.
"Small mercies," John sighed, shutting his eyes. "I don't feel like getting up."
could tell. "But you give me too much credit. I'm not nearly as remarkable as you."
(It had nothing to do with making sure he was alright, or with wanting to go back to 221B to share the cozy space if not by his side, then in the same vicinity. Not at
Only then did John realize that something warm coated his cheek and trickled down the side of his neck to stain his collar. An accompanying razor sting high on the side of his cheekbone confirmed the presence of a cut, but it registered as a mere nuisance of pain compared to the fierce ache in his hands.
"Doesn't matter much now," Sherlock said as they entered his room. John had only been in here a few times, either to get clothes for when the man had been in his robe for too long or on the rare occasion Sherlock had fallen asleep at some odd hour and needed to be awoken for food.
"Now you're just getting ahead of yourself," he muttered to himself, turning his face into the pillow so the coolness would will the heat from his face.
A friend before a lover.
"When one is required post-haste somewhere, socks can be foregone," Sherlock replied, tossing the brush carelessly over his shoulder before stooping to look under the furniture for his elusive shoes.
"Ah yes, your
However, instead of leaving the kitchen and letting John gathered what remained of his heart in the stoic silence he would try to muster as he'd expected, Sherlock inhaled deeply and stayed.
John couldn't bring himself to care that he'd enabled the Holmes brotherly rivalry when Sherlock draped an arm around his shoulders and tugged him in, already rambling a mile a minute about "calling Mycroft out on his excessive surveillance scheme" and "telling him what he can do with his unnecessary assets." After the near miss John had, he was feeling incredibly selfish and tired. He'd guiltily accept this balm to the soul and make his peace with it in his dreams.
"Why are you even looking for your shoes when you don't even have
"Well, if you're sure," Sherlock mused, letting go of his face and rubbing his chin, "Here, step this way. The wind is making your face all red."
"Consider it a pleasant surprise. Watch your feet."
he had for Sherlock was manageable. But, like the unexpected levels of dedication John had put into caring for Sherlock's health, so too had the infatuation grown.
For a moment, all John could do was gaze into the impenetrable darkness of the room with a useless deer in the headlights gaze(had he really fallen?) before a hot flush of mortification flooded him; so hot that he could feel his face burn with it.
"Stupid medics," he hissed, dabbing the cuff of his shirt at John's cheek as he used the other hand to slowly peel the gauze back. "Honestly, you think they'd be able to handle
There were so many things John could say in reply. How could he explain the thrill and exhilaration Sherlock constantly made him feel, the sheer joy of running free through the streets with his blood zinging and lungs screaming in the name of crime-fighting? He couldn't ever put into terms how grateful he was that Sherlock hadn't seen another hollow soldier only partly home from the war, the rest of him filled in with PTSD. Sherlock had seen the opposite in him; a soldier removed from the fight and missing the ability to do his part. There was no way he could explain how much Sherlock fascinated him, aggravated him, moved him to see the world in a dizzying array of lenses he hadn't thought possible.
"The milk," John said slowly, holding out the plastic bag and shaking it a bit. Water droplets flew outward and pattered against their targets, "Along with other necessities we were lacking."
"How…?"
Sherlock blinked before tipping his head back and barking out a laugh that John could feel from where his hands held his side and through the pale hand that still clasped his face.
"You are remarkable, John," he repeated. "Because you are constant. Unerring. You...ground me."
should be able to get the simple ones right, like breakfast and tea."
"Don't care."
Sherlock made an irritated noise in the back of his throat as he
, and the man paused.
John didn't remember too much of his odd conversation with Sherlock, but he remembered the way his face had closed off when he'd asked if he knew that he wasn't the monster people made him out to be. He could remember the way Sherlock had paused, and the way he'd dragged a finger down his cheek and spoken of war.
"Did you happen to take a dip in the Thames while you were out?"
"You're not just a man," John said roughly, trying to ignore the different kind of heat flooding his skin at the feel of the fingers sliding up through his hair, "You're a good man."
why Sherlock wasn't so monstrous to him? Most of the police force seemed to be utterly contemptuous of him, especially Anderson and Donovan, who'd even tried to warn him off from Sherlock. Seeing the tense way the police and Sherlock interacted had been not just awkward, but also unsettling in a way John hadn't been able to pinpoint until now.
He conveniently forgot to do anything about the open window. Any damage to the flat was conveniently repaired on the dime of Mycroft despite Sherlock's adamant refusals of his brother "meddling in his affairs", and Mrs. Hudson chose her battles wisely with Sherlock. Experiments got them a tongue lashing, but the window would only earn a mild admonishment.
The package deal, all or nothing sort of thinking he'd used to tie Sherlock and himself together slipped by unnoticed amid all his other thoughts.
"You don't," John croaked, voice filled with the trapped words and sounding tearier than he expected. "You
"Shut up," John said mildly, eyes dropping shut even as he smiled, and he heard Sherlock hum slightly.
"I'll take that into consideration," Sherlock said, eyes flashing peculiarly before he launched into more mundane conversation.
"You'll have to trust other doctors someday," he said because that was the only thing his mind could focus on beyond the fact that Sherlock
it," John said, voice wavering between angry and confused (this was all too
"Did you drink on purpose to get me like this?" John asked, letting his hands roam, not frantically, but thoroughly, not wanting to miss a single bit of Sherlock's form beneath his fingers. Firm, but fragile all at once, this person he'd poured so much care and heart into to keep intact when the world battered him.
Sherlock extended a rare helping hand to him that John hesitated only momentarily in taking. His body swayed as he stood upright, and he shivered as Sherlock led him out into the much cooler hallway.
John didn't mind. He was just happy that Sherlock was trying and hadn't given up on something he could've so easily dismissed as useless human emotions.
in the fight, the buzz of combat something he'd been almost lost without when he'd come back to London, limping from a psychosomatic wound and unsure of what to do. There had been no strict orders to follow contrasted by the chaos of battle; just a sea of concrete and steel and his skin itching as he blended back into the crowd. He had tried to let it all go, to do what the therapist told him, but it just didn't work. Normal wasn't
John snorted, the words tempering the comforting feeling of being huddled up into Sherlock's side. It was so typical of him to wrap an insult and compliment all in one.
"I don't want to hurt you, John."
"That requires an amount of sentiment I don't possess."
list of necessities.
"I'm fine," he managed to mumble as he heard Sherlock fly out of bed and fumble for the light. "Sherlock-"
"Not even in your precious science?" John blustered, trying to hide the fact that Sherlock's words made his already jackhammering heart skip a beat.
It was a miracle that the man was even
His tape wrapped fingers tightened reflexively around the shock blanket, sending little jabs of pain up his forearm. John hadn't broken any of them, but he wished he had for a fleeting moment so he could focus on the pain and
"You never cease to amaze me, John," Sherlock said in a low tone of amusement (or was that embarrassment? He couldn't distinguish between anything anymore) before drawing his hand back.
"Whatever you say, John."
Sherlock Holmes reminded him of war. The man's unpredictability, cannon fire rapid thought process, and the
That didn't mean he had to
"I thought I told you not to
Sirens began to wail from far off, and John let out a breath of relief. Sherlock had
with the dim lighting that hindered more than helped. The faint flash of a blade registered too late, and Sherlock took the blow with a surprised yelp before stumbling back and toppling out of sight over some boxes.
The only area Sherlock appeared even remotely competent in was personal hygiene, but John suspected this was a combination of natural need and an attempt to keep Mycroft from completely losing it and installing some sort of weird caregiver figure to infantilize Sherlock. Sherlock may have been absolutely horrible about taking care of himself and the area around him (the poor flat went through periods of decimation if John left him alone in it for too long), but it wasn't because he lacked the knowledge. It was just him being
"Caring for you may seem like rotten work, but to
about it. How he'd let those words slip out today was a mystery.
John thought, dazed by the relaxed mouth and fluffy curls. He was softened forcefully by exhaustion, but John couldn't bring himself to care for the reasons why as his hand moved of its own accord.
(Why don't you eat? Why don't you sleep? What haunts you so badly that you've been reduced to shadow and bone?)
"I'm mostly fine then," John amended, leaning into Sherlock's cool touch with a shiver as he cracked his eyes open again.
"You've got a fever," he said, pressing the back of his hand to his forehead before his eyes zipped this way and that over him. "Hit your hip on the nightstand too. At least you didn't crack your head open on the way down."
"Oh. John," Sherlock slurred just a tad, raising his head from the chin rest and offering a sloppy smile that skewed his face in a way that told John his facial muscles were laxer than he'd ever seen them. "John! My partner…come, partake in this wonderful potato-based beverage with me."
Sherlock barked out a laugh, and John relaxed into him as he began to go on a tangent about mules and the tea he'd bought that he thought might be worth a shot.
Sherlock was arguing with the medics some distance away, and while John couldn't
When John woke with a quiet sigh and alert eyes, Sherlock was gone.
the beginning?), could understand
Their feet remained rooted to the ground in uninterrupted silence, just as disparate in size as they were as a whole before a hand suddenly gripped his shoulder and icy fingers forced his chin upward.
A crack of lightning briefly illuminated Sherlock's upturned face, and John was shocked to see no reproach or annoyance in his gaze.
, John Watson, managed to throw the great Sherlock Holmes for a loop. But then, he'd be caught off guard too if he saw his normal, average shmuck of a flatmate curled up on the couch like a child and probably looking like some shell-shocked soldier dredged up from the deepest depths of a sandy hell.
"There," Sherlock murmured, his face so close that John could smell the vodka on his breath and feel the warmth radiating from his skin. His thumb stroked a line beneath his jaw, slow and steady. "Please don't fret John. Your pulse is racing."
Sherlock's finger drifted down his cheek, though judging by his face tilt and the brief appearance of confusion, he'd heard more in John's response than he'd anticipated. He was trying to decipher the human aspect now, and John smiled sleepily as the man's brain visibly worked beneath his tangled locks.
On the very first case they'd worked, he'd killed the man that tried to hurt Sherlock. It had been a desperate situation, and John had had very little time to spare, but the decision had been easy when he'd been faced with it. He'd chosen to save Sherlock, damn the rest of the world and the consequences, and it'd been that way ever since.
he shouldn't retaliate but did so anyway. Sherlock just couldn't help himself. It was both his greatest strength and strongest character flaw; the double-edged sword he wielded with a heavy hand and heart: his inability to let things lie.
John stared at him blankly for a second before he realized with a rush that Sherlock was mistaking his reaction at their proximity for a concussion.
"On the contrary," he drawled, holding a thermometer that John-much to his disconcertion- couldn't recall having ever felt in his mouth. "You're running a notable fever, and you're shivering hard enough to make your tea fear for its existence."
John was distant in tone due to the frenzy in his mind, even as warning bells began to ring shrilly in his mind. He'd never been close like this to Sherlock in the light of day, hand clasping his bony wrist and mouths just a bit too far away for breath to mingle between them-
that word choice) was still there. Both of them craved the high of the chase, craved the thrills and dangers and adventure and risk normal people tended to avoid. Sherlock had been
All the whispered words and constant bedside care made sense now. Before John had confessed, he'd kept the true depths of his feelings bound up as tight as he could but had poured all his care into Sherlock, tending to him with an attention he didn't think anyone had shown the man in a long time. It was something he did with even more ease and freedom now, prodding Sherlock with the right that being his partner in every way that mattered granted him.
now."
"Who says I have to be drunk to have a discussion with you?"
little. But you make yourself appear smaller than you are," Sherlock mused, blinking long and slow as if trying to snatch a bit of sleep before he refocused on him. "In reality, you might be just as calculating as me. It's in a different way, one driven by some unknown force instead of the scientific pursuits I chase, but nonetheless remarkable."
When had it begun? Had it been when he'd visited St. Bart's and been read like a book by the man? Had it been that night when they'd chased the cab, and he'd followed without a second thought, leaving behind his cane and stupid therapists in one fell swoop? Or had it been one of those increasingly common moments when Sherlock would part crowds in the street, magnetic and dark and pale as he strode, and John followed, unknowing what was running through the man's mind, but accompanying him regardless?
that is the truly good man," he responded, his tone almost affectionate as his fingernails lightly scraped John's scalp, "The caring doctor; he who does my laundry and makes tea at odd hours."
Sherlock's gaze grew confused, but he remained pliant as John brushed a few errant strands of hair out of his eyes before skimming down his face. His hand landed on his shoulder, fingers burning with the whisper of touch he'd stolen from Sherlock's cheek, palm absorbing the bony shoulder that radiated a sturdy heat.
to lessen the bony figure. No wonder he always wore that coat of his. It gave him the shield of illusion, filling in what flesh should've. "Shoes with no
"Oh dear," John said, voice muffled by the mouthful of hair he'd unwittingly inhaled. That had been a dizzying experience, but the result could've been worse.
"Hungry?" John asked, remaining as casual as he could while he cleaned up, plucking the tweezers gently from his loose grip.
, to say the least (exhilarating, headache-inducing and wild were all good phrases to use as well), and it all stemmed from Sherlock Holmes. Consulting detective (
for the first time in a few days, the words came back to haunt him in a way he didn't quite understand.
did."
the violin at all once John had gone to bed. John was a light sleeper nowadays; he would've heard it. Therefore, the unpredictable man thought he was sound asleep right now.
Sherlock was dressed, but not in his coat or shoes, or even socks for that matter. Just a purple silk shirt John had seen before and dark slacks that hung low on his hips, his pale skin standing out amongst it all. His nimble fingers paged through a book, brow furrowed in concentration as he muttered underneath his breath, black curls dangling into his narrowed eyes.
His thought slipped out of his grasp, slippery and unraveling faster than a spool of thread. Sleep hovered on the edge of his mind, eager to descend and swallow him whole.
, their on-site work was fine.
"Right," John said faintly, unconsciously echoing himself, "Right that's-
(Because Sherlock knew, the liar.)
"And yet here I am," John replied without missing a beat.
John's breath hitched of its own traitorous accord. He
"Come now, John," he said lightly, head cocked as he let one hand drop to dangle in his lap. "It took me a while because I
"That's alright. Just carry me to bed and say whatever you want to say when I fall asleep," John said, looping his arms around his shoulders and shutting his eyes.
A pale hand curled over the fingers he had pressed to the wound, forcing him to look up.
looked up from his microscope. There were dark circles beneath his eyes, which John already knew of (he hadn't slept the whole weekend; he was sure of that), and an odd green stain from something he'd probably been messing around with earlier stained his cheek.
John knew what force motivated him to step away from the mild-mannered persona and into somebody that followed up a bark with an agonizing bite. It was why he'd become a doctor, and why he followed Sherlock to strange and unforgiving places and situations.
But wasn't that what this was? John's thoughts were like silt through a sieve as he languished on the couch and simply existed, but even while sick he knew that Sherlock being here was more than kindness and that Sherlock knew too. This was love; care reciprocated on a level that John hadn't known he'd needed until now.
He found Sherlock hissing and cursing at a skillet that must've just caught flame, as the smoke alarm hadn't gone off yet. John took a second to assess the contents (bacon; grease fire) before reaching into the cabinet and pulling out the salt they had.
John would've protested harder if sleep wasn't calling incessantly to him. Now that he knew he was safe and the nightmare had retreated, all he wanted to do was sleep somewhere as far away from the sound of the storm.
"Is it hot or cold right now John?"
He radiated cold, eyes nearly colorless and devoid of all emotion. No arrogance or triumph; not even the stray spark of mischief. His coat swallowed him whole from the neck down, shrouding him in a black deeper than the faded gray-black that made up the darkest color of their surroundings. Sherlock was marble infused with the barest trace of life, just enough to bring stone to life.
Not that Sherlock would let anyone take him there anyway. If he wasn't "gushing blood or clutching his intestines," he strived to avoid it at all costs. Better to work than to be cooped up in a bed he believed he didn't need, something that aggravated John to no end.
John turned his head a tad to let Sherlock know he was listening, but only a little from his very cozy position that involved burying his face in the crook of his soft neck. It had been a long day of chases through London's grimy alleys, but a blissful few months of silk sheets and cleared refrigerator shelves when he asked for them.
"It's a police breakroom. If it smelled like anything
"Sherlock?" he asked warily, dropping the groceries he'd run out to get. He'd only been gone about an hour-much of that time spent in the produce section picking the fruits and vegetables that Sherlock wouldn't take immediate offense to-and Sherlock had been fine when he'd left. Had something happened while he was gone?
that the man relished in. John couldn't be blamed; Sherlock left people blindsided at best and nursing vicious wounds made by his words at worst. He had the uncanny ability to draw strong emotions out of people, all as he kept such a tight restraint on his own.
The heady kiss made Sherlock pliant in a way he hadn't been before. Maybe he could sense all the ardor John was trying to pour into it, or maybe he could simply sense that this had been a long time coming.
"That is all I wanted to say. I just couldn't say it with you looking at me," Sherlock confessed in a rushed exhale. "Your eyes are very distracting sometimes."
"Interested in keeping your pretty boy features intact?" John asked absentmindedly as he turned Sherlock's hands this way and that. None of the cuts were deep enough to require stitches; some had even already stopped bleeding, which was good. He had the materials necessary except for a sufficient amount of pain medicine, and he didn't want to subject Sherlock to all of that.
"I'm in John's care, John Watson, see? Over there, by the-
"I know. I know, Sherlock," he managed to say before he couldn't resist tugging Sherlock down into another kiss that he kept a tight rein on. It wasn't fair that Sherlock got to leave him feeling breathless without John at least attempting to reciprocate.
John wasn't a man of intricately linked words like Sherlock. But he knew how to speak up for Sherlock and make it count, and believed his quiet companionship counted more than keeping up with Sherlock's verbiage did.
"I'm well aware of just how much of a bastard I am," Sherlock smiled, fingers drifting downward to clasp the side of his neck; the bloody side where his carotid was suddenly leaping to life at the warm touch.
"I just said fuck approximately two minutes ago," John interjected, growing more and more amused by the second with Sherlock's antics. The melancholy air that had surrounded him when he'd walked in must've been brought about by drinking alone, and now that John had arrived, Sherlock was perking up like a flower.
(He couldn't say it'd surprise him to see
little cut at minimum."
"I go out to get
"Sorry," he said automatically, letting himself be sat up with the loose-limbed ease of a sleep heavy mind.
John flushed, crossing his arms over his bare chest. His fingers smeared blood on his arms, but that was minuscule in comparison to the intent look in Sherlock's luminous eyes.
"You sit on the couch all the time, whenever you want," he pointed out, and Sherlock made a noncommittal sound before taking a decisive step forward.
doing?"
"Is that you, John?"
There was a keen loss in John's chest as he heard Sherlock retreat, but strangely, a frail bit of hope too. The words had been well-meant, and it didn't seem as if Sherlock was running, or completely oblivious to the feelings he held towards him. He'd been blind to advances made towards him before by random people out in public, but not completely so. Every now and then he picked up on it, and at this point, John believed all the tenderness he held in his heart was beginning to blast out in an undeniable signal.
) of displeasure.
He slipped out from beneath Sherlock's arm and stretched while facing him, waiting patiently for the tell-tale…
"Doctors always make the worst sort of patients," Sherlock sighed, taking the cup from him before planting a kiss on his brow that John felt like a brand through his hypersensitive skin. "Even worse than me, and that's saying something."
"This is nice," he whispered, curling into Sherlock, who laid a hand on the back of his neck and
Sherlock remained quiet, but John could tell the man was studying him from the way his pale eyes flicked this way and that. It seemed he made up his mind about something though, as he outstretched a nimble finger to skim across one of the dark circles beneath John's eyes.
"You've started bleeding again," Sherlock murmured, fingers brushing up against the gauze that had been hastily taped to the cut on his cheek. They came back stained red.
"I'm astounded you even managed to pull ahead of me, what with your shorter stride," Sherlock remarked as they walked off the bridge, "Your endurance may be questionable, but your sprint is something to marvel at."
“You almost sound a romantic Holmes,” and it was good to see Watson in such a bright mood.
1) Late  August 1889
Despite the early hour, brickmakers could already be heard calling out to one another in high tones, and they were able to snag simple sandwiches from vendors hawking to the morning crowd. It was greasy fare, sausage sandwiches, and small draughts of ale, but strengthening and warming enough to get them by in the brisk October air.
“Might as well be Mrs Watson-Holmes, you’re at least as married to him as I.” Sherlock's eyes were a little damp, perhaps, and his joy became visible in the lines of his face,
“Perhaps maintain is a little strong a description, but yes. We collaborate scientifically.” John raised a brow, a little more incredulously than Sherlock might’ve liked, but no matter. “Besides that, she has invited me by, and I was wondering if I could tempt the two of you into an excursion.”
“Don’t you worry about it.It’ll go fine, hopefully more than fine, if-”
They were greeted by a grizzled beekeep, and between him and Sherlock, slipping into a dialect seeming entirely devoid of consonants to John and Mary's London sensibilities, he somehow gained access to the farm, a beekeeping suit, and a jar of honey, which went directly into Mary’s basket. They shook hands with a wide smile, both seemingly happy to meet a comrade in beekeeping.
Eventually though, they finally turned in for the night, pouring into bed like a flock of discoordinated octopi, limbs and blankets thrown about and half-aimed kisses pressed to collars and cheeks.
John blinked hard. “You didn’t know?”
“You are requesting help in that avenue?”
Holmes was beginning to consider the possibility that just a little bit of romanticism was good, actually, having failed to notice that he was practically breathing it instead of air these days. Good on him.
do you
“I think it might be the plural of husbands that would cause the most issues,” said Watson.
At eight am the morning broke, though perhaps a better phrasing of it would be that the morning shattered. It wasn’t one of those mornings where it took a while to get going, no. The second the sun peeked up over the horizon every cockerel in Suffolk crowed simultaneously, and a beam of sunlight decided to project itself directly into John Watson’s sleeping face.
He sputtered a little, the flapping of his arm knocking Sherlock awake, and in turn, Mary, who was on top of both of them awoke with a cough and a ‘thunk’ as she rolled off the bed onto the floor.
“Well I never. Holmes the romantic. You’ll be complimenting my books next.”
“I choose to second that question,” spoke Mary, "Though perhaps in cooler air, this heat doesn't lend itself to hard talk,"
John paused a moment, a smile growing beneath his moustache, “Quite right. Gin and tonic?”
“You are a singularly remarkable woman Mrs Watson, and I don’t give out such compliments so often. Should we add Morstan onto that list as well, seeing as we’re speculating on this, to be Morstan-Watson-Holmes?”,
“Pre-cisely Watson. I say as long as we are good to each other, and good to Mary, damn the rules”
“If it was just chemistry you would be better at it,”
“Despite appearances, a happier mind is a clearer one. I knew a man from Diogenes”
“You maintain friends in the countryside?”
“I could call it that,” and Mary and Sherlock share dancing smiles, having found common administration.
Sherlock's eyes went wide and wet, his words caught in his throat. He had self control, of course, a great deal of it. He’d just misplaced it for now. Left it in the pocket of his sodden jacket drying by the fire.
), and continued, "I have a confession. Of sorts.” He was now blushing as hard as Sherlock had ever seen him. He also seemed more shaken, to the extent that Sherlock, despite being told not to interrupt, felt the need to reassure him.
“You think we should relax a little?”
“More that we should eke out some further boundaries, beyond simple rules of courtship,” Mary then spoke,
“Damnation! You are right- Mycroft what did you do to get him to finally show moderation?”
“As there are always rules, but you know me, sometimes those rules get..”, Sherlock paused a moment, thinking,of Miss Adler, of his youth.
“And a fanatical devotion to our blessed Queen Victoria, may the sun never set.”
“You know Holmes,
“Very well”, and he took a decent-sized sip of the finest wine he’d had all year, in the finest suite of one of the finest hotels -Sherlock used the opportunity to speak all in a breath,
Tea at the Watsons, was as it turns out a sacred sort of event. Much like the Athenian Dionysia, even under extreme circumstances Tea at the Watsons would only be hastened. This weather? It didn’t qualify. as such.
anymore and normal was
John accepted the coat out of sheer reflex, only realizing just what had happened when Sherlock spoke.
to being pressed into the crook of his neck, but not quite. "But you don't have to fret about this. This isn't me rejecting you, John."
a coward, but the bigger reason was much more mundane.
. A single person, undoing me with knit jumpers and good
Sherlock's now darkened eyes blinked in confusion, and John chuckled before stepping away and towards the stove.
?) as he shrugged on the coat.
John had half a mind to get up and go sit in the living room, where he knew Sherlock would be, drawing his bow back and forth to pull the melodic notes put and into the air. He almost did; John had sat up and looked at the pants draped over his chair before realizing that if he
"I take my breakfast very seriously."
"You go too far, John. In this partnership, it is
"I never put my robe on," John murmured, just now realizing that he was only wearing a pair of flannel pants. No wonder he was so cold.
Mary moved her head up from John’s other shoulder, “Oh, absolutely.”
Sherlock saw this, and took the opportunity to finish the sentence, “To get out much?  No, you are right to think he mostly hangs around the Diogenes, the atmosphere there suits him well. But I recall he met the owner through some official business,””
“I won't lie and say there aren’t other factors, but to tell you the truth, I find it awfully easy to fall in love.”
“Listen, gentlemen, dear friends, and one of you, my love. I might have married John, but you two have been in love with each other for at least longer than that. I’m not prone to fits of jealousy, and so I suggest we come to an arrangement.”
“I’ve talked it over with Mary, and besides, I’m intrigued to see how you’ve kept the place going in my absence”
well, my dear Watson. And how does it find you?”
“By jove it is good to see you,” and turning to the others she exclaimed, “and you must be the Watsons! Come, come whilst I am heading away soon, I’d love to talk awhile with you both, Sherlock has only mentioned you a little in our correspondences.”
“Hmmph? Mmmm… ‘lmes” John is the first to move to waking, but slowest to rise
“Perhaps not quite so intimately.”
Sherlock turned back to him, “I have received nothing but the highest recommendation, I am certain it will be excellent.” The server bowed out, taking his leave.
“Though not so much as your Watson there? Ah,” She turned to face the husband and wife more, “I met him through Mycroft myself. Sherlock had come to some... revelations, and needed a place to lodge. Having undergone similar revelations myself, though in perhaps the opposite direction, I was available for Mycroft to call on for aid, and who was I to turn down such a promising chemist?”
“Not a criminal my Boswell, a criminal organisation.”
Both Sherlock and John respond in confused unison, “What?” Mary holds a moment to quirk her lips into a smile at the curious synchronicity, before continuing,
” - Ah. It’s an intimate conversation. Normally he'd have had no compunctions about listening in - information is information, but on his friends? Decency dictated he stayed out.
“I was hardly complaining Holmes, I’ve had a splendid time. I’m just curious as to...”
The second date went well, the royal opera house, an old favorite pastime of the pair, and that's as close as your writer is willing to get to the opera industry. If it's any consolation for those of you desperate for details, I can confirm that neither let go of the other’s hand for any significant duration of time throughout the show (in flagrant disregard of the cultural traditions of the day). At one point John gently rubbed the back of Sherlock’s hand with his thumb, and both drew comfort from the action.
They rested through the afternoon, splayed out in a drawing room with the light making lazy spirals of dust in the air, with Sherlock playing a little violin to pass the time. It is the evening when things grew interesting, with the breaking out of a sweet plum brandy, and a few fingers of whiskey. They soon became buzzed and giggly, confessing love and friendship,
Eventually the beekeep went back to his own family for lunch, and Sherlock joined them for a picnic, with the honey provided, a small selection of apples, hard-crust bread, and light ales, before making the same trek back.
“Everyone must start somewhere Watson.”
It’s a bumpy trip, the roads being little more than half-packed dirt, but the company is well enough that the half-hour it takes passes quickly enough.
level of influence?” Sherlock grinned at him.
Continuing to talk, they finished their food, and both Sherlock and the Lady Bell went off into the labs, which were both the cleanest and best-maintained area of the whole house, to potter about for a bit before she headed out. The Watsons withdrew to the largest guest bedroom, in which was a hefty four-poster, and large windows obscured by thick green curtains. The pair proceeded to unpack for a few minutes, before heading out to the grounds.
“Well, should you wish to relay how we came to know each other, or I?”
"As for the tea, not tonight I think."
It was another brief train journey that took them to the village of Snape, where Sherlock’s friend would be meeting them to take them to the manse itself. The village was finely built, seeming to have been transported from three hundred years past, though Sherlock took some glee in pointing out the ones which were façade to match the older buildings in the town by sight alone.
“Oh?” The map was dotted with pins and shorthand scribbled in red,“This is awfully prolific for a criminal”
enjoyed doing so. If you attempted to bar me from my husband, we might need to have a conversation, but.” She paused, and seemed to drink in the sight of them down by the fire, before lifting herself off the armchair to join them sitting on the rug.
John and Mary similarly rested against the cushioned seats, legs pressed against each other, and talked softly between themselves as the train sped on.
Sherlock had been happier ever since the beginning of his rooming with Watson, but his mood had taken an ebb when Watson had married off. Whilst Mycroft was not a naturally curious man, this was not a trait extending to matters of his brother. What, and he could not stress this enough,
“Apologies Mrs. Hudson.”
These words are met by a decisive tutting from the doorway.
“Drink, brother, and I’ll tell you what has happened in my life since you saw me last” God, even when saying the very words ‘what has happened’ Sherlock’s eyes brightened a little. Curiosity, it seems, was to be Mycroft’s flaw this evening.
“A case?”
The three of them caught a steam train up from Liverpool Street late Friday afternoon, so as to spend the better part of the 5 hour trip dozing. The carriage, whilst not so luxurious as the touring carriages of Europe and America, had space, and Sherlock was quick to lie down and catch some rest.
John being odd was quite something.
John turned to Sherlock and asked “You talk about me in your publications?”
“Drink your wine,” They had played this game when they were younger, and it was
Mary, having to choke past a bit of the bite of the spirit, leaned over to Sherlock's side and said "This trip has been good, you know what Sherlock, you really do have some bright ideas on occasion,”
Mary leaned further to smile at Sherlock, speaking in almost a murmur, “I should think not, this is… very, very nice.”
“It seemed the solution to both their troubles,”
“He seems the sort to be able to hold his tongue”
“From Mycroft, in fact”
It was a soft sort of walk, a comforting liminal space, and the two men walking it had no intent to be apart at any moment.
He continued watching as John leant over to whisper something into Mary's ear.
“Between us?” Sherlock asked, receiving a nod. “To tell you plainly, very little I imagine.” Watson began to shrink back into his seat, and
“You read me well Holmes, but what I meant was, this, this courtship, there are rules of decorum”
The Holmes brothers were men of observation, the twitch of a mouth, a new cologne for the meal, they played a game each New Year of misleading and obfuscation. Mycroft had won the last three years running. He had lost this one- Sherlock had sussed out his tie- an old gift from the head of the Council of India- a promotion from the government in the foreign office.
“Perhaps, but besides the point. Outside these meet-ups, I hardly see you. If you are amenable, I would suggest the three of us..”
John fell into a more conversational tone “No, that was not what I was driving at. Just that this is something new...?”
“No time like the present then” Watson’s voice is soft as he says it, and Sherlock allows his voice to soften in return.
They split a small lunch, with John taking the opportunity to pry,
how much they
The drawing room is much the same, but for a large map of London on one wall, and stacks of papers piled on a chair.
“We are not playing that game
In that moment, the three of them, happiness and relief mingling in the gentle slumps of their shoulders, in the shared looks, bathed in crackling firelight, it seems like they’ve found something good. John relaxed against the seat of the armchair, and Mary, deliberately shedding the grace she wears about her, leant against him.
It was, for all intents and purposes, a pretty miserable day. On the wet side, with bursts of heavy rainfall lashing the cobbled streets. Any man of sense and means would be inside under this sort of weather. Hell, even the ones without sense tended to stay indoors, because it was
“Like a dying cat, all across the moors. I swear to you, the legend of Black Shuck was never so scary as it was when young Sherlock went out to practice, the farmers' sons talked of wailing ghosts.“
I’ve missed this chair,” John said, fully sinking into it, “You know Holmes, between you and Mary I’ve found myself quite… monopolised. I was just afraid… is this competitive? All these dates?”
Looking through the wardrobe. Sherlock realised he’d have to make a couple sacrifices.
“Bright ideas are my speciality Mrs Watson,”
It was nearly the new year, and in the Royal Suite of Claridges, Mycroft Holmes was this year, quite enjoying the company of his brother. Sherlock had been productive that year, with plenty to keep the dinner conversation lively (in particular some bizarre intersection between the geese market and high-value jewel theft), but moreover, he was
“Your absence, Mr. Watson” comes the voice of the landlady. “You may have been neat when you came here, but I’m afraid Mr. Holmes rubbed off on you.
“We are friends,”
And John followed Sherlock’s gaze, and in a burst of motion moved to kiss her as well, with all the ferocity of before. Sherlock let out a soft laugh, not the barks of laughter John knows him for, as it appeared John had plenty of love for the both of them. When John pulled away, Mary looked him in the eye and matched his smile.
The interior was in some ways well kept, with clean hallways, but areas were dusty and webbed with disuse, being one person in a house built more for ten. Their host pointed out the bedrooms, the lounge, the labs and kitchen, before dashing off into the kitchen herself.
nice."
The three of them again sat by the fire, John, Sherlock and Mary, Mary’s head leant back against the seat of an armchair, Sherlock a gangly mess spilled out onto the floor, John firmly upright (betraying a little of his military days), his leg laid out to relax the muscle.
“You have given me practical essays in restaurants on food before,”
And Sherlock paused a moment, looked this man up and down, and said, “It finds me
Sherlock rose a little from where he was sprawled in front of the fire, seized her by the shoulders, looked at her, and kissed her on both cheeks. She responded by pulling back and clasping him on the collar.
danger for these cases of yours. And then you come back, and you’re disastrously in love, and cannot take any joy in it, and I thought. Could I stand to live in a world where my Watson’s attention is divided, but he would be so much happier, and not have this stormcloud of regret that he didn’t even know was there ‘till I pointed it out." Her sentence built up pace as she said it, seeming to surprise even her with the intensity of it. She took a breath and continued, "And I found myself surprised. Because I ended up preferring that world to this one.”
these eyes would prove useful," he muttered with a chuckle that boded very badly for whatever criminal Sherlock planned to nail in the future with his findings.
He certainly couldn't express how much he wanted to kiss all those doubts away and show him that he was more than worthy of being cherished. John was a physical man, who was more used to showing his care through his actions than words. He wanted so badly to pull him in and down into the silk, but he couldn't bear the burden of rejection, or worse, scaring Sherlock off forever.
There was attraction, and
"Yes," he drawled, catching her off guard (what answer had she been expecting?) as well as a few others with his flat, no-nonsense tone, "If I have to get another shitty cup of coffee to stay awake in this stuffy room because I have to be stuck
John barked out a laugh before taking the bow from Sherlock, ignoring his whine (an actual
"I think I made myself
when he'd handed him back the cane he no longer needed and said he'd missed it all. The man had spoken like it was the truth, confident in the words he'd spoken like he was confident in everything else he said, and the gleam in his icy eyes had caught John off guard. He knew now that Sherlock was right (was usually
He'd grown accustomed to sitting Sherlock down and watching to make sure he ate or giving in to Sherlock's desire for some specific take out meal and getting it himself because getting
Sherlock's voice drifted through his shut door; baritone just audible as the rain subsided momentarily in its lashing against his window.
Sherlock's concerned face looked down at him, curls messy and tangled from sleep and his mouth pressed in a firm line that wavered when John turned his face fully to look at him.
Something flashed across Sherlock's face, and his finger was drawn away as his face set in an expression John had come to associate with the disdain he showed to the police. John found that he didn't like it when that look was directed at him and flinched ever so slightly.
," he said viciously, reaching out to no doubt take his anger out on the skillet.
"Where are you right now John?"
He cut himself off with a hissed wince when the light came on, squeezing his sensitive eyes shut against the sudden change. The throb in his head worsened as sparks danced across the backs of his eyelids, and he heard Sherlock murmur an apology, his hands settling across his bare back as he knelt beside him.
when you've had
"As long as you don't cut them into too small pieces," he threw over his shoulder.
"John, look at me."
Perhaps
It seemed inconceivable to catch some illness during the summer, but as a physician, John knew it was possible. Germs didn't care for the seasons, even if they preferred certain ones over others for spreading.
Sherlock's arm was a welcome weight across his chest that he followed with his eyes up to his torso, where a book rested. John couldn't help but smile when he pictured the scenario: a restless Sherlock, unwilling to leave him, had picked up a book to read and fallen asleep in the process.
Sherlock was a bastard in many ways that John could list meticulously if given the opportunity, but right now, he was specifically a bastard for moving and for bleeding and for
"I don't trust any other doctor as much."
Sherlock paused in his ministrations before pulling back, curls falling to frame his face and tickle John's cheeks as his eyes studied him intently.
like that-
"Hmmm," John hummed, eyes already sliding shut as he stumbled towards Sherlock's bed. It was as if passing through the doorway had triggered some neural pathway because now all he wanted to do was sleep.
that one day Sherlock would go too far and get himself hurt, or worse, killed. The man was reckless to a fault; a wildfire that John could barely keep contained on the best of days.
He probably would've floated off right then and there in shock and thrill at the wholly unexpected sight if Sherlock hadn't continued speaking.
"Hold on John!"
on?" he chose instead to ask when he caught sight of Sherlock's bare, pale feet.
There were more words along those lines, always said when he was drifting off to sleep. Sherlock's voice became a low murmur that John sometimes caught and sometimes didn't, but the tone was always the same. It became gentler; so soft that it was always lost in the end to the sleep that swallowed it up.
"John…John? Are you awake?"
. If John was brave enough to voice the feelings that crammed his heart against his ribcage, if the timing was better, if, if,
he was different, in a class separate from all others, and the man reveled in his genius and ability to be quick and sharp and cold and come off as- as a
sleepy, but not quite asleep?"
he'd texted Lestrade but following up to make sure he actually
"No," he replied, tongue heavier in his mouth than he'd like to admit as he dragged his arms through the soft, smooth sheets beneath him.
"John?"
John was past the point of feeling embarrassed though, or stupid. He was tired enough that those sorts of inhibitions had been lowered, and as such he simply gazed patiently at Sherlock.
would have never done. It simply sounded as if he was just pointing out that they were different beyond the glaring divide in intelligence; the sort of mundane differences that determined who was the one that typically sat drowsily on the couch.
"You'll always take care of me, won't you?" he asked, words a whisper against his ear, throat jumping as he swallowed.
"You're no monster," John found himself saying, despite Sherlock's stiff, inhuman appearance.
"I know. But really, I'm fine. It wasn't too far to fall, and I didn't hit my head. I must've just rolled over in my sleep."
But if didn't get John Watson anywhere in life. As a man of action,
The fire was smaller than when he'd left, sputtering weakly. That didn't surprise him, as judging by the sounds coming from the kitchen, Sherlock had little time for pesky domestic things like tending to the fire. Not only that, but one of the windows was open, letting in a healthy amount of wind and rain.
That brought down the hunch of Sherlock's shoulders and a brief quirk of his lips. John smiled before wrinkling his nose as the smell truly hit him.
worked. John didn't think he'd imagined the brief flits of confusion he'd see on the man's face at times when speaking with people, or the blank expression he defaulted to when people grew snappish with him. His mind was an analytical one, and John, while the man's nature had caught him off guard and stung him a bit in the beginning (it's been barely a week, wasn't he still
. Or rather, he didn't pause because he was caught off guard.
"Thought I'd fallen again?" John teased.
"Quite sure. I
John hummed, looping his arms around his shoulders and soaking up all of the affection, content in a simple way.
"Am I such a miserable person to hold feelings of friendship for that you can't even voice them as you do with everyone else?"
. Ludicrous, insufferable, idiotic man…"
smell like detergent.
The violin case slid out of his lap, and then a hand curled around the side of his throat, but gently, thumb running up the underside of his jaw to tug him away from the alcohol.
John huffed out a weak laugh as his feet brushed the wall when they turned the corner into the living room. Strong Sherlock may have become, but coordination when carrying someone was still something to be developed. Perhaps John would have to switch things up and let
"I will concede you're not
of me. John?"
A crumpled sheet on the sofa marked where Sherlock had probably sat for a bit before working, and John's laptop was sitting on the side table. To his annoyance, it was unlocked despite the fact that he'd changed his password. An empty mug by it had a chip in the rim that, while he couldn't be completely sure, John was convinced had also happened while he was gone.
He was vaguely aware that it was now early morning, and that the pale sun filtering through the blinds of the flat flickered constantly, as if intercepted by clouds outside, but John was too tired and in some kind of halfway sleep state to care. Now that he'd reminded himself of where he was (not in Afghanistan,
"We're going about this all
could get done. In his opinion, it said a lot about the officers if they were the ones instigating things with Sherlock.
"I-I'm in London," he said instead, hands moving from the covers to grip his shins, "In 221B Baker Street. I'm not bleeding out in the sand."
for an unwitting person, but John would endure it for however long Sherlock would accept his care.
A car horn somewhere nearby reminded John that he was still outside and that the rain hadn't paused in its deluge to allow him to think. With a muttered curse, John started the trek back to 221B, his umbrella trailing behind him in a broken, pathetic mess.
to look decent, which John was grateful for. He drew the line at ironing Sherlock's fancy dress shirts; Lord knew he could barely iron the few he owned that needed it.
Sherlock began to twist upright, something that John didn't want him doing
On the inside, he was just about breathless with anticipation at the idea that Sherlock might actually be thinking about
The smell of alcohol alerted John that something was wrong before he saw Sherlock slumped beneath one of the windows morosely playing his violin with a vodka bottle by his side.
Still, he didn't enjoy having his feet dangling in midair or the change that had fallen out of his pocket and was now somewhere below. John's trivial attitude towards the whole thing might've been concerning for a normal person, but John didn't lead anywhere near a normal life these days.
"That was a
"I'm surprised you didn't get any on your face," John remarked, dabbing at one of the wounds with a bit of gauze. His work was methodical, hands steady as he worked on Sherlock's bloody, scraped ones.
open…"
to be more careful with what you spill on your clothing."
he knew this, but he could take a guess. Sherlock, while he'd mentioned playing the violin at any hour when they'd first met, hadn't actually
"How so?" John asked, casual and collected even as he scrutinized Sherlock's appearance. Dark circles and a surprisingly prominent five-o clock shadow: he'd need to get to bed immediately once they returned.
"I…I've been-
see the ridge of his ribs, cloaked by shadow and wrinkled fabric.
His shirt-a typical Holmes button-down that was now probably missing one or two buttons-was open, revealing a luminous swatch of skin. John frowned a bit as he moved a hand from Sherlock's hip up to his sternum before ghosting down to where he could
"Perhaps you're right," John said, voice sounding far off as he realized that his care for Sherlock must extend far deeper than even
Lestrade was part of the growing members of the catnapping group, no doubt giving Sally a false sense of security that she could do what she wanted. She snuck more and more jibes in at Sherlock, who stood at the board, detracting talk of the case further and further of the important points just to be petty for pettiness' sake.
it when he woke up with sick.
in a downpour and interrupting your work-"
Sherlock said this at the end of the meeting as everyone was dismissed back to the bullpen, invigorated with new insight thanks to the consulting detective. They lingered for reasons unknown to John until Sherlock slumped down to sit by his side on the floor, displaying a rare show of exhaustion. The hours had snuck up on him as it had on John.
So mundane in fact that by the time John realized Sherlock was doing this for a purpose, he was fully back in his right head and in London, all heavy thoughts of Afghanistan banished. His legs ached from being pulled up for so long, but he wasn't sweating and shivering, and the sight of the now relit candle didn't throw him back to the desert.
finest whine at a man trying to help like a bunch of toddlers, I'll throw the next one at someone's face."
"You can't hear it as much from my room," he remarked, propping his head in one large hand so he could turn to look at him, "If you want, you can sleep there for the night."
"Christ, that's bad," he coughed, waving a hand in front of his face to dispel the last of the smoke. "What on
"Hmm," John grunted, a wave of exhaustion halting the thought process that would've formed some sort of witty response.
mind much. There was something to the eccentricities and volatility of Sherlock Holmes that reminded John of his time serving in Afghanistan. It had been gritty and painful (getting shot was never a very pleasant experience), but John had also felt energized and
John let him cling with the expectation that he'd continue speaking, but they instead lapsed into an odd silence. On the living room floor, with late afternoon sun gracing his face, Sherlock simply stared, mouth opening once before shutting with a soft click. His hand came up to touch his face, but aborted the movement, fingers clenching in a fist that he let fall between them.
(Things either happened to him, got
so hard that more than a few stabs of pain ran up his forearm.
That was what the floating feeling was in his chest. Happiness, so weightless that it gave John the courage to glide across the kitchen and grasp Sherlock's flushed face with his calloused hands.
went back into the case.
John blinked in pleasant surprise as Sherlock lay with him, tugging him into a warm embrace. Sherlock was remarkably tactile in his sleep, but rarely did
"Yes."
. Perhaps he offered fleeting moments of amusement that his friend enjoyed, but John wasn't half as clever or handsome as the person Sherlock ultimately deserved.
A candle made John rear back as he yanked the door open, eyes squinting against the unexpected flame. Sherlock's face was all shadow and bone above the flickering flame, and it contorted into something akin to worry as he leaned forward.
And yet, here they were.
"...my partner is a doctor for Christ's sake! Best one in the city, so don't worry about me doing anything stupid with the bandage…"
"What's the word…" John started, tilting his head slowly as he blinked at the man (he really
the body than out, but he'd never been scared by the sight of it. Others swooned and groaned at the merest hint of blood, but even as a child John had never had qualms about injuries. His stomach was iron and his nerves steel, mind stronger than the gristle and gore he'd chosen to face as an adult.
Sherlock waved at him, and he raised a hand back at the skeptical medics. They were made of stronger stuff than the usual personnel if they'd held out against Sherlock's wheedling and whining this long, and he respected them for it.
"Then follow me, as you always have," he declared, moving with a fluid grace that defied his marble appearance.
have in spades, and I struggle to scrounge up on the best of days. Except when it comes to you," Sherlock said, mouth descending to speak his next words against the shadow of stubble that evening brought on the edge of John's jaw.
"What's the word for when you're
But the fire he'd swallowed had cleared his throat and heightened the ache in his chest, filling his (belatedly realized; he'd only had breakfast and skipped lunch because he was so busy) just about empty stomach with a warmth that emboldened him.
the way back to normal, but well enough to laugh without descending into a coughing fit.
Sherlock.
Holmes.
"Well, you're mine, so that bit's right. But you're much more handsome than a mule."
"Your vocabulary is still the same, but you've somehow only grown complimentary in your drunk state," he mused, loosening the bow hair in the manner he'd seen Sherlock do. A tense bow
, I come close to telling you things I shouldn't, when that's not part of the plan! The plan was to start with a nice gesture because you like nice gestures and then proceed from there. A simple one-two."
"At times. But not in the way people think it does," he responded, noting that Sherlock's finger wasn't cold at all. It seemed, just like John thought, the man only
"You're not the only one that can observe," John remarked, sliding the bow in and taking the violin from him.
"I'm experimenting on them now," Sherlock responded dryly, holding up a petri dish with what looked like a halved eye, "You said you needed the shelf cleared, and they needed to be used tonight anyway."
Sherlock's scowl was immediate, dark brows furrowing over his striking eyes.
, I care so
The fingers John had been absently drumming against his thigh stilled. His thoughts were rapid now, no longer slow and silver tainted by the ghostly quality Sherlock's words had stuck around with. They were tumbling like chips of ice in glass now, shattering in their solidified forms.
"I apologize for that. I just wanted to check in on you, as the power's gone out," Sherlock said. John's eyes had adjusted enough for him to see the man picking at a loose thread on his robe, "I…did not realize that I may have created an accidental trigger."
Because he did miss it in a way, like how people got endorphin rushes when getting tattoos and running and leaping from planes. But he also missed it in a darker way, like an alcoholic on the path of recovery misses a drink. War was an ugly thing, but…
of me!" Sherlock yelled, berating himself as he scrambled to find shoes, yanking a brush through his unruly curls.
John blinked sleepily at him but couldn't summon more than a faint sense of pride at the idea that
John turned to face the new figure that had manifested a few feet away. The people gave Sherlock a wide berth as well, but for a different reason. While they avoided him due to his invisibility, they cringed away from Sherlock.
"Missed me?"
Sherlock glared down at him, nostrils flaring to no doubt deliver some scathing response. However, he held his tongue in check when, in a bold move he didn't think through, John wound the scarf around his own neck.
However, staying objective when it came to Sherlock Holmes was harder than he anticipated, and soon became impossible when he realized the true gravity of the situation.
He couldn't voice any of this. John's nature had no room for that much elegance and refined words. His mind went go, go, go, through the battlefields with hardly a stop for the finer details that didn't pertain to the fight at hand.
"Don't-
He showed no teeth (not even John could tug those sorts of grins from him yet with any sort of consistency), but it was strong enough to make his eyes crinkle at the edges, which is what mattered the most.
John's stomach twisted, fluttering and soaring like a bird had gotten caught inside him. He shoved the feeling down before it could meet the weight in his chest, focusing on the blood and duty before him and
the doctor after all."
of all things," John hissed, hand tightening in Sherlock's hair as he began to drag his mouth down his throat, replacing the hand he'd deftly moved down to his collar.
They weren't as prominent as they were that dreadful morning. Sherlock wasn't a wraith anymore; his bones were reduced to nothing but the vague impressions they were supposed to be in the places that John had been most concerned for.
The bottle was right there, and in an uncharacteristic motion that he knew he would regret in the morning, John picked it up and guzzled down the fire for liquid courage.
at me like that. Just because you're the physician doesn't mean you always know what's good for you."
with his care.
There was also the inconvenient little fact that every time a compliment popped into John's head (which happened more and more frequently these days), John grew ridiculously embarrassed even
"I'm sorry if I woke you and made you uncomfortable," he managed to say, feeling his stomach curl at the thought of having made himself a burden, "I-I thought the nightmares were just about done."
Sherlock, however, could get ahead of himself some days, and this time was no different. He swooped in with force and wild abandon, lips firm and hands clutching him close and stealing away his breath and mind with his warm mouth.
"Perhaps," he replied, face still too pale for his liking, but expression remarkably serene as he continued with, "I quite like your face. A scar wouldn't diminish you, but I'm afraid it'd ruin the innocent appearance you oh so love to utilize to your benefit."
"How does that constitute as a "good day" for me?'" Sherlock asked, and John shrugged, leaning against the cushions as he turned fully to face the consulting detective.
was a useless word in his vocabulary. Things either happened to him, got done by him, or didn't go anywhere at all.
"I meant it to be," Sherlock said distractedly, attention already sucked back in by whatever he'd scraped onto a microscope slide tonight, "I like storms. It's why I opened the window."
The number of verbal spats Sherlock engaged in was measured by daily metrics, and John had long grown used to their frequency. It was an art Sherlock giddily indulged in, wielding words like knives and twisting conversations into knots so convoluted they left people reeling. He always had a retort ready, his tongue poised to speak in whatever manner whenever necessary. Speaking with Sherlock was
Logically, John knew it would be alright. Sherlock hadn't been cut deep or in a highly vulnerable spot; the assailant had gotten a lucky jab in the soft flesh about two inches above his hip bone, so close to the edge of his side that if Sherlock had moved to the right a little faster he wouldn't have been hit at all.
Strangely enough, Sherlock's words didn't sound high and mighty like they usually did when he insulted "average" thinking or something particularly stupid someone may have done that
that he could've been home half an hour ago if these supposedly mature members of law enforcement would quit
"Bastards don't get my bedside manners," John retorted, watching the sparkle brighten Sherlock's eyes. Only he could be so amused at being insulted while being treated for a stab wound.
"Yes?"
Judging by the faint crinkling of Sherlock's brow, the necessities John had gone through so much trouble to get didn't rank very high on
"But…you have to be drunk. Otherwise, we can't talk," Sherlock said plaintively, rosin dust trialing from his bow in sticky clouds as he swished it this way and that, rapping John's bent leg.
again? And if so, what did that say about the god?)
"Focus on not bleeding out," he said brusquely.
Sherlock gave him the look that he reserved for those that had said something particular inept or remarkably tone-deaf. John absently noted that he looked nice with his robe open over his bare chest, even more so when a bit of it slipped off his shoulders as he leaned back from him.
The floating sensation had returned, replacing the leaden weight of oncoming disappointment that John had read it all wrong and Sherlock had no interest in him besides the passion of war and fight he brought into his life.
Yes, that's what it was. People were wrong when they said Sherlock Holmes was a monster. Because if that was the case, wouldn't John be one as well?
bone-just like the rest of them? They made his job so much harder, and more than once John had to refrain himself from snapping at someone when they said something tactless along those lines.
"I know," Sherlock said, resting his face in his now free hands as John shut the case. "It's why I'm still alive."
"I've never cared about anyone quite so much in my life," he intoned solemnly, and John smiled, uncaring of the fact that he probably looked as if his head was still in the clouds.
"I lit it five minutes ago," Sherlock said, raising the candle and leaning over John's bed to rest it on his nightstand, "Now I am sure it won't bother you."
"Sorry, can't be helped."
"Will you really choose
much time for sure; things were growing progressively hazy), he was situated on the couch in a comfortable arrangement of blankets and pillows, a cup of steaming tea placed in his hands along with some paracetamol.
If John hadn't known better, he would've said he was in his mind palace, but he knew signs of a struggle when he saw one. Sherlock wanted to say something but couldn't find the right words.
the rest of the world. When the fires grew hot around them and everything else burned and boiled away, it would just be the two of them. Would
John trailed off once he spotted the smirk on Sherlock's face that blossomed into a rare, outright grin; the kind that crinkled the edges of his eyes and brought some warmth to his face.
"You come off as so mild-mannered, but in reality, you're a vicious little thing. '
John was good at earning trust, but Sherlock's trust was a precious thing to hold; given out grudgingly and taken back quicker than a whip. Having it in the area of expertise that had been his first passion before his life had gone pleasantly sideways into case-solving was even more gratifying and filled his chest with warmth.
(Gods did very human things in mythology sometimes.)
Did Sherlock Holmes know some saw him as a monster? Did he
"I know, you foolish man," Sherlock said, his words close to being murmured into his throat. His face was so
"No, no, I'm fine," John mumbled, praying fervently that his red cheeks could be sufficiently blamed on the nippy wind today, "Might be a bit of shock. Good thing you got me when you did."
Sherlock huffed out a laugh. Like this, hidden from sight due to his direct seat beneath the window and shielded from the door by John, he was remarkably loose, content to relax in the almost solid illusion of privacy.
shirt-morning hour slow your already average brain," Sherlock said, arms tangled in his shirt and head stuck within it. John was glad for it because it gave him time to school his face into something less horrified.
(Those were the only times when John felt as if he could go to war again. He didn't ruminate on why that was so, because to do so would open up a Pandora's box he wasn't quite ready for.)
Tonight was one of those instances of verbal battles edging towards the line of too far. It was late;
. Yes, he tried to curb the man's more capricious habits and particularly sharp retorts, but at the end of the day, John felt he could get used to the skull on the mantle Sherlock fancied chatting with at times and the way the man folded himself into chairs on his haunches like a child.
"The universe is unable to communicate with me since it cannot be personified," Sherlock retorted, grabbing the socks and shooting him a confused look, no doubt wondering what had gotten John so riled up out of nowhere.
Yes, there was no doubt Sherlock cared. He had funny ways of showing it, but that was only to be expected. It was Sherlock Holmes he was dealing with after all.
That was as far as John got in his observation (Sherlock would have doubtlessly gotten farther) before the icy gaze was shifted from the pages of the book to
happened.
He thought that maybe he'd imagined the whole thing, but in the now strong noon light, he could see the book that Sherlock had been reading sitting on the coffee table. There was also a pillow from his room beneath his head that he knew he hadn't brought out with him when he'd woken from his nightmare. He knew Mrs. Hudson couldn't have done it because she would've inevitably woken him with her fussy nature.
He ignored that issue for the time being, letting his eyes drift in an arc around the rest of the living room.
clear. While it's true that I'm a civilian, it's also a fact that the only reason you have
Never mind the fact that people only pushed him into acting like a robot every time they said he was one. That always irked John, because couldn't they see he was human; flesh and blood and bone-too
it all. Blasted
need to go to the hospital and that
"What are you doing?" Sherlock asked after a long minute in which John tried not to shiver or look too closely at Sherlock himself, lest he think about things he didn't want to think about at the moment.
Sherlock hadn't meant it in the way his now tired and sluggish brain had seized onto it, but he couldn't bring himself to break the paper-thin illusion that he
It was just like Sherlock somehow, to show a bit of restraint and then test a limit John hadn't even spoken with him about yet by playing tonight very softly. He didn't think he'd seen him do it with others, but John had noticed that at times, some of his words seemed to get through to the man. It was a contradiction to his seemingly heartless character, but only if one assumed that Sherlock was a cruel monster and incapable of human notions.
John thought incredulously as they finished getting ready and raced out the door.
Hands, shaking him awake. John didn't have the energy to bat them away or to formulate the words to say he wanted to go back to sleep, so he cracked his eyes open and squinted up.
"M'fine," John mumbled through a jaw cracking yawn, tucking his face into Sherlock's neck.
A hand grasped his, still pale but no longer marble white. John had just enough time to take in blue eyes wild with delight at the oncoming run before he was yanked forwards, barreling through a gray world at a speed kept only by him and Sherlock.
Perhaps that unexpected acknowledgment, and his lax, sleepy state, encouraged his next question.
Silence fell between them for a moment (or perhaps a few minutes; John was too out of it to keep track of time like that) before a finger poked him in the cheek.
John intercepted his hand before he could get there, feeling the tense energy sear straight through his palm and dance up his arm as he twisted, pushing Sherlock's arm up away from the skillet and taking a subsequent step towards him.
There was a dual tone to the man's voice as if he was insulting and complimenting him at the same time. John continued to stare before deciding that the duality really didn't matter. Sherlock's eyes said that he was leaning towards the latter, however dubiously he felt about it.
"John."
"Right. Then why it is in your pocket?" John asked innocently, tugging it from Sherlock's coat before he could try to take it back.
that look.
"John?"
"It's easier for you to patch up my hands than my face, and less chance of me being hospitalized," Sherlock said, providing a sensible answer that only made John more embarrassed (he should've watched what he
A great skill for a consulting detective, but horrible in a heated conversation. John had evolved his already notable conflict resolution skills to be the Mediator and Soother as a result, but now and then, some situations reminded him that he too hated to let things lie. It was what had driven him to the battlefield instead of staying in the tangled administrative workings of a standard hospital and ultimately what made him put his foot firmly down when he'd had
. Granted, it was for different reasons (Sherlock was the god and he the mortal after all), but the shared sentiment (Sherlock would
John gaped at the admission (since when did Sherlock ever reveal something so personal like that, and why now of all times?), but the man was already moving on, deft fingers switching slides as he pulled back to write something in a notebook.
"Instead, I come close to falling into bed with you last night, and other times besides that," Sherlock said, words pouring from his bow mouth like the volatile liquids he poured into beakers to make color change and air smoke in dazzling displays, "On a
He trailed off, lips pinched tight at his fumbled words, but John already knew. He'd grown good at reading Sherlock and seeing past the cultured and capricious airs he hid parts of himself behind.
"Put those on, you man-child," John snapped, suddenly overwhelmed with the need to see Sherlock properly clothed and fed;
"Back," he commanded in the same tone he'd told people when he needed space to treat someone in the field.
Sherlock's reply of "Preposterous," was instant, clipped with a sudden irritation similar to that he developed when people were being particularly dense.
"Most likely considering the dangers I do so enjoy chasing. But if it's not absolutely necessary, I'd rather have you treat me," Sherlock said before giving him a rare smile.
war in his own twisted way?
"Are you alright? Did he hit you hard? I'll have to text Lestrade now," Sherlock said breathlessly, one hand cradling his face and peering at him for damage as the other fumbled through his coat pocket for his cell. He was showing a remarkable amount of concern considering the bridge wasn't even that high.
"I have my moments. And I'm not
Sleep came easily with Sherlock there, but right on the edge of it, John caught his voice. Same tone, same softness, but he could swear he heard different words that he seized with a tight grip to remember later when he woke up.
John pressed a kiss right up under his jaw and snuggled in closer as Sherlock kissed his temple.
"Rude! Carry me into the kitchen?"
to be doing in the dark) as he unconsciously pulled his legs up to his chin, "You just caught me off guard with the candle, and the storm is loud, and-"
if the situation was reversed. In the almost month that he'd known the man, he'd seen Sherlock doing various odd things at various odd hours that seeing him curled up on the couch at any hour was downright normal.)
A soft exhale put the flame out. John's eyes danced with the afterimage of the light, and he groaned, clutching his head as he tried to banish all thoughts of Afghanistan back out of his head.
It continued to trail behind him as he tramped up the stairs, ignoring Mrs. Hudson's inquiring call as he pushed open the door (the door was almost always unlocked nowadays), and simply stood in the doorway.
"Don't speak," John said stiffly, fingers pressed tight on the makeshift bandage fashioned from his shirt. He'd draped his jacket over Sherlock to help abate shock, leaving his torso bare and vulnerable to the chill nip of the air. Not that he gave two flying
," Sherlock insisted, hands holding him tighter.
"Would you accept a monster's help?"
Sherlock fell silent, muscles taut beneath John's hands in a way that made him frown in concern and pull back to look him in the eye.
sleep), every once in awhile, one would pop up.
"How will I be able to use utensils like this?" he mused, eyebrows furrowing momentarily as he tried, and partially succeeded, in picking up a pair of tweezers.
He turned on his heel and began to put the cold items away, too caught off guard to say anything else.
Sherlock's unbelievable words.
"I can't believe you actually made this," he murmured, sipping at the surprisingly pleasant tea.
Sherlock snorted before gently wiggling his fingers, frowning down at the bandaged digits.
for the first time since he'd arrived back in London, like someone human instead of the automaton he'd slipped into being. When they'd chased that cab, John had just taken off after him into the night, uncaring of the fact that he had no idea where Sherlock was leading him, or that leaping buildings was generally unsafe, and that it was monumentally stupid to
"Well, it was still very dull. A sleeping John is a not-talking John, and to top it all off, you kept wanting to roll off of wherever I put you. The bed, the
"Today's a good day for you," John said finally, and Sherlock frowned slightly before turning his head enough to look at him.
"No, you're not," John said, and his firmness was accentuated by the hand he extended to grip Sherlock's chin and keep him there. Now or never, and John knew it would be now.
"Tell me something. I know you don't see me as a monster, but I'm viewed as one by enough that I have to ask. Do you enjoy my company?"
"I calculated that I could avoid such injury if I twisted through the window a certain way," Sherlock explained, shifting in his seat as John began to study his now glass-free hands. "But it would come at the cost of my hands."
John cringed at the thought of being laid so low by a mere candle, but the scent of sandalwood pulled him out of feeling shameful for too long as Sherlock perched beside him on the bed.
John tried to swallow the sensation building in his chest, but it filled him with light and air until it overflowed in a series of hiccupped laughter, interrupting Sherlock's melodramatic rant.
John's nose had been filled with the arid scent of the desert, but now that he thought about it, it
"John," Sherlock said, closing his book carefully. The way he said his name, cautiously and with a faint head tilt, almost sounded like a greeting, which pleased John. He'd expected Sherlock to keep reading and moving, barely sparing him a second glance.
enough of a bastard to be worth knowing?"
"It's more comfortable," Sherlock said stiffly. John could easily envision him standing at the foot of the bed with crossed arms and an arched brow easily. "Better for my skin too…John?"
Had he been screaming?
A few more hastily covered up laughs. Sally's mouth twitched, and John forged on before she could say anything else.
Sherlock's laugh was more solid this time and music to John's ears. He rarely laughed like this.
"Your forgiveness request will be processed within 3-5 business days."
“Oh yes, he came to my house at oh, eighteen was it? Nearly seventeen years ago now. Only stayed a year or so, before heading off up north to university,”
about me dear, it’s hardly much.”
“You’ve done well off of it.”
Mary gave an indulgent smile, “You silly man, he is good company,”
It was not too long a trek, moving into perhaps marshier lands, but the paths were dry and well-worn, before finally arriving at the apiary.
John reached out with one arm to cup Holmes' face, the other around Mary’s shoulder, and drew them in tight.
“True enough, but there is no base, no hub of operation. Gangs tend to have a shared ethos, an identity. Hence why I used the term organisation.”
“I thought those were scientific correspondences?”
Sherlock paused for a moment, looked to Mary. She was smiling, and not a fake one at that- her eyes crinkled up, but her lip wobbled faintly, her eyes were damp, and-
’ve found it decisively easier to cope with, though having the run of the place, ah well, no need to tell you about it.”
“There’s an apiary not far that Sherlock’s interested in seeing,”
had happened?
“I think you’ve won us over Holmes, tell us about it”
She clucked a little, “Well, I should be hopeful that he has told you my name-”
“It would not be the first time I’ve had to reassess my position in light of new data.”
Reaching the door, Sherlock spoke, “And I do believe this is where we part ways,” and then he saw the look on Watson’s face, “No?”
“Nonsense man, it is good to see you again. Head on up, and I’ll get you some tea.” He thanked her, but,
As one does on a small holiday, they set their bags down, and looked about themselves, engaging in quiet conversion as they made their way over to the dining rooms.  The room itself would've been grand once, but the picture frames were mostly gone, the arched roof dusty, and what had been a grand long table was replaced with something more akin to what might be found in the Watson's living room. Still, it was spacious, and well lit with large panelled windows looking out over the grounds, which was a pleasant surprise for what was an old house.
“Yes, yes dear Holmes,” And oh. He does like the sound of that. He always did but now, well.
John woke up next fastest, doing a light stretch before swinging himself out of the bed. Sherlock, who had been holding him in his sleep, grasped out a little, before slumping in resignation, and rising as well.  Dressed in the crumpled clothes of yesterday, they simply slung on their coats, picked up their bags, and ventured out to procure some form of breakfast before heading out in the morning.
He padded back downstairs, sodden clothes over one arm, and as he passed the kitchen he heard a snippet of conversation- hoping for some observation to please John, and Mary too to think of it, he listened in.
“He didn’t tell you?”
“None at all.” He looks at Watson as he says it, and Watson flushes, looking back.
As the gutters outside gathered water, Sherlock likewise gathered himself by the fire. A quick catalogue - the jacket and waistcoat? A lost cause, even through the coat. The trousers, much the same. He’d not bound today- normally the bulk of the suit masked his frame well enough. Which was a little awful, but he’d make do with some of Watson’s own. He called into the kitchen as he passed to tell the couple as such.
“Well, I suppose I’m hardly one to complain.”
“Col-lonial occupation and the tantamount slavery of the poor?” John called across the table. Sherlock moved to stand, albeit wobbilly, and spoke in the most official-sounding voice he could,
and Mary voiced her assent, “Exactly. I’m just more… proactive about it,”
if that was not the desired impact of Sherlock’s words. “No, not like that my dear. You have been so very close to me for what, six years now-” at this Watson perked up,
Immdiately after there was a loud rapping at the door, followed by a shouted voice, “My dear Watsons, if you’d be as kind as to give me shelter and company, I would be delighted to grace you with mine.”
“You were always better at that than I Sherlock,”
They talked, laughed, and kissed further  into the night, before heading off to bed and doing what lovers are wont to do.
“Excellent. Any ideas on what we might be able to do?”
“John, you know me. Who I am, and what's more, I know you. I have every desire to remain your friend, no matter what you might say.”
“And what, dear Watsons, is this great empire founded upon if not the industrial proactivity of its citizens?”, is the last thing Sherlock says before taking a regrettably large swig of whisky, which went directly to his head
“In the way?”
“Well, we would need to stay together a while to find such rules- you and Holmes lived together, and though we are friends…?”
“Ex-actly dear Boswell,” and as it typically did, the compliment caused Watson to flush most prettily.
And they took their usual seats, able to lean into them, drawing comfort from the soft cushioning and each other's company.
Mary stood a little straighter, cheeks lightly pinked as John rushed to the door. He was greeted by a cloud of black wool and good cheer, which proceeded to embrace him, calling his name and transferring the better part of a pond onto John’s own fresh shirt and trousers. Even if they turn your shirt translucent immediately it is decidedly tricky to be irritated at a dear friend. John decided that he’d far rather be pleased to see Sherlock than bemoan about his ruined shirt.
“Oh?” As it turns out, one does not become an aide to a detective without at least a small appetite for gossip. Besides, in the arena of finding Sherlock Holmes
“I only learnt of his
the year just gone.”
“Sherlock! I trust the evening finds you well?”
“Perhaps, but you yourself have broken the rules quite excellently in your day.”
She then gave him a gentle look, and spoke,“You silly boy, you’re kissing the wrong Watson.”
“You have more a knack for storytelling”
“Might? Look at us, dining in this place, enjoying the food and each other. I say that a little bit of creative rule-breaking has done us quite well indeed.”
“Mycroft? Well I never, he didn’t seem the type to-” Watson paused, seeming to chew through his tact.
“Anyhow, I got myself to thinking that we might as well enjoy the air of the country whilst we’re out here, make a trip of it perhaps.”
“It should just be chemistry!”
“Mrs Watson, You yourself deserve to-”
case at that. So it was that Mary and John’s neighbors looked out their windows to see a very determined gentleman battling the downpour, and commended his efforts from a safe, warm, dry distance. Meanwhile, inside the Watson house, Mary had just exclaimed that even Sherlock Holmes would be dissuaded from forging out in weather as perfectly horrid as this.
a familiar warning for when he began to think as such.
He returned the embrace, and called through smiling lips, “Sherlock! You must’ve been mad to walk through that- but by god am I glad to see you. Come on in, take off your wet coat and sit by the fire, add a few logs, and I'll go help Mary with the tea.”
"You won't be able to hold anything delicate for the rest of the week," he said as he pulled shard after shard of glass from Sherlock's large palms. "That means no vials or violin."
He made an incomprehensible sound, shutting his eyes and pressing his face against Sherlock's shoulder blade in an attempt to ignore the pounding of his head. Sherlock's breathing was slow and even with deep sleep; much more even than the nasal wheeze he was currently emanating.
He sighed slightly, slipping back down to lie on the mattress as he listened to the music. Suddenly, John was too tired to devote any more effort to his thoughts, so he tugged up the covers and strived for a bit of sleep.
"Only being respectful of your boundaries," John said graciously, running his hands through his hopelessly messed up hair as Sherlock tossed the shirt over his shoulder.
-approached a subject he wasn't even sure he wanted to speak about. How could he put into words what he did for Sherlock beyond the obvious?
John had seen the microwavable meal abandoned on the counter and noticed that most of the beakers and vials that had once been left carelessly out on the kitchen table had either been stoppered or clearly labeled. He'd had a word with Sherlock last week after the man had used the creamer jar to store some questionable purple liquid, and he'd poured said liquid into his tea when he'd been too sleepy to notice it (he'd nearly had a heart attack when Sherlock had yelled for him to put the cup down). It had taken the man some time to come around, but when John had stumbled out earlier to sit on the couch, coated in a cold sweat and reeling from the nightmare, he'd noticed the change. He'd also noticed the food and the distinct lack of Sherlock doing any sort of nightly activities.
A mournful tune drifted through his wall, and John frowned, suddenly dragged from his cyclic thoughts by the trademark sound of a violin.
He had bought milk, and he wasn't going to let it spoil.
"But I am myself, and you are you," he responded, now close enough to the windows for the light to cut shadows across his face and pull a sheen of brown from his hair.
"That took approximately 8 minutes longer than I anticipated," Sherlock remarked, stopping before him with a disgruntled look on his still slightly too pale face. "I think dispatch is starting to get savvier with who they send out when my name is involved. Mycroft might also have something to do with this."
"I can't put you out of your bed-"
Sherlock's original words had been put to rest, settled by John's convoluted, but ultimately acceptable thinking. Now though, two new questions haunted him.
the whole time that John had
Sherlock's indignation was so audible in the dark that it made John laugh harder, buying him a little more time awake.
"You're
Eating was hard with Sherlock, but not impossible. John had a vast capacity for patience to go along with his various methods of feeding his capricious flatmate, and the wherewithal to not be discouraged when Sherlock wanted to be obstinate. As long as he was around, he was sure that Sherlock would be quite alright.
"You can't sleep in this preposterous position. For one, your spine will hate you in the morning-"
It was then that John tossed aside the lens of objectivity and took the care of Sherlock Holmes into his own hands.
"And what question would that be?" Sherlock asked slowly, eyes slightly narrowed as he tried to puzzle out what John was going on about.
It had been amusing to see Sherlock falling behind due to being blinded by his scarf. It was the only reason the culprit had even managed to body check John-he had been too busy laughing to even think of avoiding the blow.
"Oh," John said dumbly. The relief that he hadn't been caught out-that Sherlock was still blind to his useless affections-nearly took him off his feet, but ironically, Sherlock kept him grounded with a hand on his shoulder.
was the one to press Sherlock up against the wall and pin him there, simply breathing for a moment and taking in Sherlock's form in the dark.
window for a whiff, just to see what Sherlock was talking about. No, he went to sleep in his bed like a normal person that night and didn't agonize over his new-found affections for his best friend and flatmate at all.
"Did you care
"I'll help cut up your waffles if your fingers are too stiff," John said in response, shouldering his bag. "Let's get going before the morning rush peaks."
, and John's ears burned at the thought.
?" John asked, and was glad he had a fairly tame, safe topic to channel his swirling feelings at the true state of Sherlock's health. "You can't walk around with shoes and no
"It's easier to speak to you when you're sleeping," Sherlock began slowly, eyes downcast. "I say the words you deserve to hear when you're awake then. All the sweet nothings and the…other things."
John bolted upright, a cold sweat coating his skin as outside, thunder shook London. The nightmare was fragmented, blasted apart by the white bolts muted by his curtains, but he could still feel snatches of phantom pain in the leg he'd never been shot in and the dry dust of desert heat in the back of his sore throat.
"I know I'm a very difficult man, and that I don't care for myself the way I should; the way you insist I should. I…am working on that. I will always be working on that, perhaps. But taking care of you these past few days has shown me how much work it is to care for someone. And I understand much more what you do for me; what you
Still, as Sherlock whirled around the kitchen, eyes alight as his fingers danced through midair in the way that John knew meant he was itching to delve further down this new avenue he'd discovered, something in him thought that maybe he could have a chance. Pesky optimism, always popping its head up when it had the lowest odds of being useful.
"You don't sound like her," Sherlock remarked without looking up from his microscope. He was surrounded by open containers, and his laptop was perched precariously atop a stack of books to his left. He was dressed in the purple shirt John knew he favored, with the sleeves rolled up to reveal long, pale forearms.
Sherlock backed away. John threw salt on the fire, turned down the burner, moved the pan, and found a lid for it all calmly, only turning to face Sherlock once the pan was sequestered to a back burner and some of the smoke dissipated.
"It smells foul in here. Like a coffee graveyard," Sherlock said after he'd been bandaged up, nose wrinkling after he sniffed the air delicately.
The motion was so unexpected that John opened his eyes to stare at Sherlock in disbelief, only to be taken aback when the man's face was much closer than he anticipated. No more than a few inches between them, just enough that Sherlock was all he saw.
give his coat to just anyone, but John couldn't let himself believe it meant anything beyond friendship. Sherlock was married to his work after all, and it was highly doubtful that John Watson could ever catch his attention like
Luckily, the medics arrived at that point, and John was tossed into a whirlwind of activity that drove all nonessential thoughts from his head as he spun from one set of hands to the next. By the end of it, John came to rest against a squad car outside the warehouse, a shock blanket over his shoulders to ward off the London chill and his wounds treated by nameless hands that weren't quite as good as his.
melodramatic with his cameras and umbrella) his
His eyes narrowed slightly as if he was trying to grasp an elusive thought before they softened.
were you thinking Sherlock?"
"You're not the only one that notices things," John said, voice soft as he pressed his cheek harder into the sofa.
go, Sherlock would most likely stop.
John cracked open an eye to peer at the spot he knew Sherlock to be, even if he could only make out his vague form and planes of shadow across ghost skin.
"I am a bit peckish," Sherlock said slowly, testing the words out before tilting his head in a way that sent his dark curls tumbling into his eyes. "How do you feel about breakfast at our usual place?"
right), but had the man
were warring inside of him. Drink had loosened his tongue, but it hadn't made him light-headed with happiness and rosy with a heat different from the fire that had filled his stomach.
"No, it's Mrs. Hudson," he snarked back, shoes squelching as he made his way to the kitchen.
"Let's make it one," he replied, pulling back with a gleam in his eyes that John
He and Sherlock both found normal
"Since when do you know how to do that?" he asked, watching as John dragged the violin case (open, just about always open and left on the floor nowadays) over so he could put the bow inside.
, that seemed to tug people towards him before they invariably scuttled away as if burned by his harsh tongue and uncaring demeanor.
, it isn't. Never to me. So-so don't try to imply I don't care, because I
"It's unfair that you're this-this fucking
"John?"
"That was so
much. John was no genius, but he knew that Sherlock's incredible mind and skillset came with a price. Things such as social pleasantries probably had no room in that overstuffed brain of his (could a god's brain become overstuffed?), and so John didn't begrudge him that. Maybe it was because he saw Sherlock's mannerisms as quirky more than anything now that they shared a flat, but John didn't see him as a
He continued to mutter as he spotted a pair of socks and threw them at Sherlock, nailing him firmly across one haughty cheekbone and drawing an indignant sound.
John's head snapped up at Sherlock's words and tone, which was now intentionally raised and directed at him.
He wasn't sure
Sherlock was close enough that John could count his eyelashes and see the shine in his curls. John held his breath and bit his tongue, clenching his hands to keep from reaching out to
"John."
Sherlock relaxed beneath him, letting out the nervous tension with a sigh. John held on tighter, satisfied that, at least for the moment, the matter had been settled.
"I know. But I understand. These things are hard for you…I'm sorry I'm not making it any easier."
cats and dogs outside, which I know you're aware of because you've got the blasted
"The chase is on, John!"
sitting in his chest that screamed at him to pay attention to Sherlock and forget his hurts for the moment.
was it. He was just caught up in the atmosphere and volatility and barely restrained
"You cheeky bastard," John managed to say above the ringing in his ears. He couldn't tell if that was from a knock he'd take to the head whole fighting the perp, or if it was tied to the bird thrashing around inside him. "Don't
Sherlock knew. And he cared. To what degree John didn't know, but he was certain of it.
"I put as much faith in you as the care you've bestowed upon me."
John tore his eyes away from the bottle and looked at Sherlock, who was still close and morose, blue eyes saddened and mouth pulled downward in a manner that tugged on that ache in John's chest he carried around these days. It was so hard to keep from being too tactile with Sherlock; to keep his touches from lingering and his fingers from reaching out to offer comfort that wouldn't be accepted.
However, his respect was short-lived when just a few minutes later, Sherlock strode over, coat folded over his arm and button-down askew. It was wrinkled and bloodstained at the side (yet another shirt that couldn't be salvaged) but it would be serviceable until they got home. In the gray, but strong light of the day, John was a bit embarrassed to see that the stab wound he'd been so concerned over was barely more than a notch in his side.
"Sherlock, there better be a cleared space for this milk," he called out, mentally patting himself on the back for keeping his voice as normal sounding as possible. Hell, he'd even been civil enough not to bring up the open window first and foremost.
shot and bleeding), it seemed his brain was satisfied and wanted to shut down. John, while more than happy to comply with the neurological impulse, had no idea how'd he get himself back to his bed to do so.
Sherlock cleared his throat before squeezing his hands once as if to reassure himself that John was still there before he spoke.
John couldn't help but smile at Sherlock's never-ending feud against his older brother. The two were annoying with the levels they took it too, but Sherlock needed someone that he could go toe to toe with in between all the insane savants and criminal masterminds they dealt with.
He yelped as hands grabbed his ankles and turned him so he was completely in bed.
Eyes then turned to look his way, but John expected that. There was a reason he'd thrown it that way instead of dumping it into the wastebasket by his side.
"Bastard," Sherlock said finally, swooping back in for a toe-curling kiss that gave John half a mind to flip them and take over the edge into proper passion.
. I just-I can't-it's not…"
"I suppose that's fair," Sherlock sighed before taking a dramatic, nearly whimsical turn in tone. "At least I'm a bastard worth knowing."
, entrenched in the belief that he was far too superior to indulge in mere mortal needs. Why did he need food or sleep when he could spend that precious time working and cleaning up the human scum of London?
"You need to rest up from the conspiracy we just solved," John said firmly, ignoring the way the wind tugged and flipped Sherlock's dark curls into a pleasantly tangled mess.
. Very good."
"You're slower than me this morning," John managed to reply, straightening out his jumper and hopping over the empty violin case. It took all he had not to sound as aghast as his inner thoughts.
Drowsiness tugged him back under about halfway down the hall, but the good sort that promised a clearer head when he woke up. John only partially registered the cool sheets beneath his skin and the press of a pillow against his cheek. He noticed the loss of Sherlock's heat more, but not for long.
"Don't say that," John admonished, his heart lurching inside his chest as they finally-
"Couldn't sleep before," John said, even as the drowsiness that had been pushed aside as their conversation started returned (what had Sherlock called it? Hypnagogic?).
Sherlock sighed before moving. John sighed too, closing his eyes and ignoring the pang in his chest. He may have felt some way about Sherlock, but he was sure that his poor flatmate didn't care for being manhandled.
And God, it sounded strange thinking it, but John really
"John?"
None of the people touched him, but they were gradually buffeting him backward, like a paper airplane carried away by air currents beyond its control. John began to fight against the drift, but it was useless.
He hated seeing that conflicted look on Sherlock's face. It was the one where he was genuinely trying to help and was aware he was being made a joke out of and
"John?" Sherlock repeated, this time less husky with sleep and sharp with a surprised hiss.
was the morose Sherlock he'd walked in on, the one that had turned to the liquor.
"I don't know if that's good or bad!" he exclaimed, laughing as Sherlock dragged his shirt off of him.
Sherlock's fingertips barely brushed his cut cheek, but John shivered anyway.
"M'tired," he said, shutting his eyes and moving the arm he'd draped selfishly over Sherlock, freeing him before he could do something more stupid and pull him closer.
"What-I thought there were eyes here?" he asked, too shocked that the space was
"Am I not
(What would be worse in the evening: the ache in his hands, or the agony in his chest?)
to look like marble.
There was a pause of indeterminable length. It couldn't have been long, as John was still awake when Sherlock spoke.
Somewhere in the room, a fluorescent light hummed. The noise was strangely quieter than the beating of his heart.
However, Sherlock didn't immediately move. He only rolled to the side, propping himself up on an elbow as his other hand tapped his shoulder insistently, keeping him awake.
"You can't stay here," Sherlock said firmly, arms already working their way under him. "We'll get you settled on the couch. Whatever you have is more serious than a head cold-don't
He sought Sherlock out instinctively. It was only natural, given that what remained of his blood was drying on his hands and that this was all once again his fault. John wanted to give Sherlock a piece of his mind for leading them into yet another hare-brained scenario.
"There, now you won't get cold on the way back. Take care not to let it drag on the ground. I know you're significantly shorter than me."
Sherlock's voice was always there, following him in waking and dreaming with a consistency John relied on. Sherlock was the one who propped him up and made him drink water and tea; the one that helped him get to the bathroom without flopping bonelessly onto the floor. He ran his hands through his hair and sat with him,
"I'm such a
Sleep was another thing Sherlock held contempt for. The hours he kept were irregular to the highest degree, and John had long given up on trying to get him to sleep a regular 8 hours each night. So, John took a different approach and asked him to keep it down at night and threw a blanket over Sherlock when he finally fell asleep in some odd place in the flat. John learned quickly that Sherlock wasn't a deep sleeper, and he didn't want to rob the man of the precious time he needed to rest. On extremely rare occasions, Sherlock would fall asleep on his shoulder, and John would hold out as long as he could (as if he was dealing with a
"I think the fuck not," John replied mildly, already stooping to take the bottle away. It wasn't one that John recognized, leading him to wonder where Sherlock had squirreled it away, and why he'd decided
. You gave me quite the fright," Sherlock huffed out, looming over him. By the way the couch and coffee table rose to frame his face, John concluded that he had somehow ended up on the floor by the couch.
"Why do you look at me like that?"
John almost said so but caught himself well in time before he could dwell on the thought. Sherlock didn't-
"Right here," John replied, bouncing on the balls of his feet. His stomach was hollow with hunger and his head still a bit stuffed up, but for the first time in a few days, he was upright on his own.
"Sherlock-" John started, startled and more than a little panicked as he met that blue, scrutinizing gaze. He
The worst problem was undoubtedly food. Sherlock treated it as something to be put up with and ingested like an especially deplorable tonic on a schedule John couldn't make heads or tails of. Some days Sherlock would eat meals alongside him, albeit never fully finishing them, and other days he'd discover Sherlock had been subsisting off of tea and biscuits for a whole weekend.
look like one of those Greek or Roman statues) before him. He trailed off, losing this grasp on his thought before he snagged it again.
Sherlock sounded confused, caught off guard by what John could only suspect was a fierce intensity in his eyes. He'd always had an open face and heart with lovers, and after all the quiet, pent up pining, John could do little to stem the tidal wave that poured out to make his muscles tremble and skin burn hot with want.
"Was that
"That's the spirit, John! We should swear off of all medics until we rectify the situation with him." Sherlock exclaimed, tugging the gauze back over his cheek with a firm, but gentle tug.
," he said, drawing out the, quite frankly, ridiculous term. Mycroft was a powerful man with more connections than Sherlock had superpowered neurons, but they were brothers at the end of the day, and it showed at times like this.
that just seemed to happen around him, crazy things that never happened to normal people. He made John feel
He was also visually striking, with a bony appearance and lean grace that John could never hope to possess. Sherlock cut an imposing and unnecessarily dramatic figure in his ever-present trench coat, the dark colors he tended to wear bringing out the translucent quality to his skin and the paleness of his eyes. There were times, in the gray, grim surroundings of London that he'd attracted quick second glances as he strolled past, all long legs and trailing coat and a motive powering his stride that John never learned till later, or sometimes never. John couldn't blame the people that stared. Sherlock exuded a sense of purpose no one could begin to understand and, dare he say it,
The question slipped out-as many seemed to when John was around Sherlock-and hung in the dusty air. Now that the blood was slowing beneath his expert hands and a bit of the frenetic energy was calming beneath his skin, John could allow his eyes to look at Sherlock, whose mouth was now twitching into a smile.
"But I went and got caught up in trying to decide what else to make besides bacon while I looked out the window and
"I care about you quite a bit too," John said, rubbing his thumbs over the high flush that stained Sherlock's cheeks, "But you already know that. Which means that it's up to me to give the bacon another chance."
be them against the world.)
He wasn't sure how much time passed like this, with Sherlock simply breathing and John clinging to him, but eventually, the grip of the mind palace slackened.
It wasn't the screechy, shrill playing John knew Sherlock did on purpose to express frustration, or to simply be annoying. This wasn't Sherlock swinging his bow back and forth like a child with a wooden sword, horsehair swishing through the air like a whip. This was soft and sad and almost... morbid, but that could have just been John's thought process of monsters and ice coloring his perception.
). "However, it would...pain me slightly if my features were marred in some way. After all, you seem quite fond of my face the way it is."
The long moment of silence confused John for a moment (Sherlock was hardly ever quiet when it was just the two of them) before what he said hit him.
(Was a god able to make a human feel
"It made you feel alive. The battlefield opened your eyes to a new way of living," Sherlock said, plucking the thought from his head with ease, "Excitement. Revelry. A rush you simply can't get performing physicals and signing off paperwork as a civilian doctor."
Not much got by Sherlock Holmes, but it was interesting when something did, even if it was a sleepy throw away response on his part.
John had seen red after that; a consuming red that shut his brain down to a level just above primal and ended only when the stabber had been left lying knocked out on the floor. Everything in between was just a blur of mashed knuckles and motion that he could barely recall.
"You fought him too hard," Sherlock murmured with hardly a glance spared at the suspect lying prone somewhere behind them (John hadn't paid much attention to him after he'd pummeled him into the pavement). "This could scar."
"I think you might be the first person to have seen me for what I am in the end. A man. Just a man," he said, fingers curling in the short hairs on the base of John's neck. Vulnerability hung in the air, as physical as the dried tear tracks on John's face.
John's eyes drifted there as well, noting the space (just big enough for both of them to put plates) cleared away, and the tea set that he just knew Sherlock had made sure held the proper substances in the respective cream and sugar containers before he'd laid it out.
Sherlock blinked, almost reptilian-like before a spot of color bloomed in his iris. The only reason John saw it was because he was looking deep into his eyes, searching for the color he knew existed.
"I don't know if I'd rather the medics fuss over me or have you continue to do so," Sherlock mused as John sat down in front of him hard enough to jar his tailbone. "On one hand, they won't call me a bastard unless I kick up a big fuss, but on the other, none of them will be shirtless like you."
"I'm fine," John replied, voice strained as the blessed dark took away all traces of the light in his head. Now it was just the storm, and while his head tried to warn him that the winds blowing outside carried sand, he knew better.
"I'm hypnagogic," John replied, words traveling out on an exhale that took him a breath closer to sleep. Sherlock's hand must've been spinning some sort of sleep magic that traveled right down into his brain because he had bounced back to being tired.
They sat in silence for a long moment before thunder rumbled outside, making John flinch ever so slightly. It was enough for Sherlock to pick up on though, the perceptive bastard.
Either way, he only moaned when John threaded their fingers together and pinned Sherlock's hands above his shoulders, and when they pulled apart in tandem to gasp for breath, it appeared he understood.
"Is that a fucking challenge?"
on the way Sherlock's deep voice rose and fell with the blustery wind.
"Slow down Sherlock," John laughed, his voice not as raspy as it once had been. He felt notably better; not
managed to slip from John's mind through those first few heated minutes when he'd been scrambling to pull Sherlock free from the boxes.
"I didn't like admitting that by the way."
John looked less closely at Sherlock's wound (which wasn't hard since he'd more than had his fill of it) and more at his hands. It wasn't
Today, Sherlock was hurt because of his recklessness, something that happened every so often. However, John was more than capable of tending to these particular flesh wounds. It was easy, being clinical when one was faced with a patient, even if the patient was of a more personal variety.
"It seems I'm getting both right now, so your question is voided."
than just a conversation. There was always something left unsaid that John had to read between the lines to pick up on, even in the instances where Sherlock was word vomiting as fast as he could to explain his brain's output.
"Pity," Sherlock said with a barely-there wince as John fished out a particularly deep, but small piece.
John. Are you asleep?"
"You should really get some sleep John. You make even less sense than you normally do when tired," he said, and this time, John could see the faint light of amusement in his eyes. It made them look less like ice and more open, like the windows to the soul people believed eyes could be.
They parted around him, oblivious to anything besides themselves. The only trace of color came from the sand, and John when he looked down to find that his jumper was still green, and his hands traced with blue veins and alive with the pink flush of blood.
and John knew he fell into the latter category that could only get him burned. Sherlock was married to his work after all, and it was a hopeless endeavor.
The sudden lingering glances to the various stone statues that littered London were just that. Glances.
saying it. Except when he said it, he'd be referencing his almost obsessive need for all the thrill and adrenaline he could gain from life as opposed to some agonizingly bland, cookie-cutter existence. Oh, he liked to try and pass off as normal, as one of the countless others with normal lives, but the longer he spent in the company of Sherlock Holmes, the more John came to realize he was lying quite fiercely to himself by trying.
"We'll print it out and put it on the mantle then, or something like that."
Sherlock made a noncommittal noise before briskly shaking out his coat and doing the one thing John never expected him to do with it.
"Think nothing of it, love," Sherlock said in one such instance, and John clung to the word and carried it with him as he slid back into half-formed fever dreams.
"What for?"
"Like you wouldn't believe," Sherlock growled, hands greedily slipping up his shirt. "You get quiet when you're sick. And you slept a lot."
John couldn't help his snort at the firm, indignant response. The alcohol had deepened Sherlock's voice, if that was even possible, but also loosened his tongue in a way that brought more emotion to his tone than he dared show while sober. His inflections were harder and more liberal, and his voice rose and fell with the notes he'd now taken to plucking from his violin.
John laughed shakily before opening them. Across from him, the lamplight turned Sherlock into a hazy vision, bringing out all the tousled bits of his hair and clothes and the nervousness that hunched his shoulders.
over me?"
John could see Sherlock's face shift to true anger for the first time that night. Before, he'd just been irritated and more than a bit tense, but now he looked as if he truly wanted to rip Sally's head off.
"I highly doubt that," Sherlock replied stiffly, fingers combing through his scalp, "Are you dizzy? I don't see where you could've hit your head, but perhaps you hit something else. I'll have to pull out the heating pad then. Where are you sore? Are you-"
to sustain him, contrary to what Sherlock came up with as "justifiable reasoning" and he'd be damned if he let that sort of diet slide.
John drained his cup of shitty police workroom coffee, crumpled it up, and lobbed it to the wastebasket across the conference room by the boards they'd set up.
It took another two weeks, another chase through London for a killer (who had been a surprisingly sprightly old man) and running to the nearest shop for milk in a sudden late-night downpour for John to finally figure out why the last question had bothered him so.
," Sherlock sighed, the way his name fell out of his mouth sending a shiver up his spine, "You silly, stupid man. Why relive bad memories of Afghanistan on your own?"
Sherlock was arrogant yes, and cruel at times, though that seemed to stem (a bit) less from the man's actual desire to be cruel and more from him being truly unknowing of how human things like
The living room felt smaller when it was just him occupying it.
Sherlock's hands cut from one side to the other on "one-two" before moving to press against his temples.
The fabric was heavy and warm, with a distinct scent that John could place if he was blindfolded and standing in the middle of a stadium. Sherlock's scent stuck to everything; a strange mixture of spicy cologne and the underlying sharp, but surprisingly bearable scent of the chemicals Sherlock so enjoyed toying with. John
"You're the
A command. John obeyed automatically like the soldier he was, his mind flatlining for a brief moment as he stepped back to the other side of the kitchen and let Sherlock go.
about that when Sherlock had been
John's own smile was small and satisfied, even if his ears continued to burn. In this small, coffee smelling breakroom with their knees knocking together and Sherlock's blood staining a variety of materials scattered across the table, John was suddenly inexplicably and indescribably happy.
The question was so out of place that John fumbled with the precious milk and nearly dropped it.
And wake he did. His first lungful of air came easily, and John stared up at the dimly lit ceiling with a clear gaze, head only throbbing the slightest at his temples.
"But it didn't work. Oh, how could I be so
Here, his tone became stiff, and John flushed.
Just as he'd feared. John opened his mouth to reassure Sherlock that all was well-it was probably just a head cold-but upon standing was hit with such a fierce and sudden rush of lightheadedness that he couldn't get what he wanted to say out before he tipped over.
John watched, waiting, not daring to breathe from his side of the kitchen lest he disrupt Sherlock in any way. Perhaps there was still something that could be salvaged.
"No stranger than you. I know there's a heart beneath all of that."
John debated turning off the light before deciding to leave it. Sherlock would wake when he got out of bed, as he always did, and he wouldn't want to go back to sleep when he figured out that he was back on the mend.
Sherlock blinked, and John watched his eyelashes cast shadows down his pale cheeks as he did. Then his eyes drifted downward, and he knew Sherlock was aware of this as his face became an unreadable slate.
The sands receded as Sherlock began to stride down the street. Time returned to what it was before, and John was left to follow him in his wake. He watched as marble dust blew in the wind, fine enough to blend in with the paper sky above them.
Nobody said anything to them from the bullpen as they left; both chastised by what had occurred in the conference room and also too busy to bother addressing them. The vile and cruel words had dried up for the night thanks to John's intervention. John smiled in satisfaction, which only grew when Sherlock linked their arms together in the elevator.
"Psh! Boring!" Sherlock declared; chin tilted up with indignation. "But very well, if you insist. This shirt is ruined anyway, and you have none at all."
"You haven't been sleeping, and yet this is your first time out on the couch. This means you've decided to keep your nightmares to yourself up until now," Sherlock murmured, deep voice even deeper in the early morning. It didn't help keep John awake at all, "Does the war still haunt you?"
John thought, face flaming as Sherlock tugged him towards his taller frame, effectively acting as a windbreak. He was hardly acting better than a schoolgirl with a puppy love crush, but he couldn't help it. Moments like this with Sherlock were few and far between.
"How marvelously callous!" Sherlock stated gleefully, his hand drifting to rest on his shoulder. "You should write that in your blog. It's one of your better one-liners."
The more he thought about, the more he realized that yes, Sherlock probably had. It was most likely the reason why the man had taken him on as his flatmate to begin with, and why he'd been pulled into crime-solving with nary a second thought. Sherlock had known normal was boring for John too and had given John a bit of purpose and thrill through crime-solving.
