Dean’s nose twitched. Somehow, he’d teach Castiel that despite her God complex, Naomi wasn’t omnipotent.
"You're alive!" The man before him exclaimed, and for the first time, Cas wished he weren’t.
“Come on Cas, we gotta go,” Dean groaned, hauling the boy up, “Can’t have you gettin sick.”
Cas yelped when he felt a cold finger begin exploring.
“I don’t want to wake up mother, she needs her rest,” Cas groaned.
“She is not my girlfriend,” Cas repeated, “I don’t believe in lying.”
“I think that the chores that we’ve been doing are part of the path to atonement,” Castiel murmured.
“You know, I don’t think we have the right parts to make our own,” Dean said with a chuckle, and Cas shot a glare at him.
“Fuck off Bradberry,” Dean shot back, but there was no venom in his voice. Charlie’s haul meant that everyone would eat well for the next few weeks. And even if Cas didn’t know much about Dean’s past, at least he knew he would make sure they were fed.
That settled it for him. Dean strode carefully out of the cabin, his boots splashing the mud puddle at the base of the flimsy stairs, and made his way across the worn out dirt path that separated the hot box from the rest of the camp. He nodded to the two men on guard, stationed in case the kid Croated out and tried to make a break for it.
“That, my dear, is the salvation of the Earth as we know it,” Ash smirked, “Or a horrible waste of time which will end up killing us all. Hopefully the former.”
“We have an 80 percent success rate,” Naomi had said.
“What if you tell her you’re trying to get more Christian media into school?”
Dean felt his eyebrows knit further together as Chuck continued wring his dirty hands over the wizened oak table, cracking each knuckle, a nervous habit he had picked up around the start of the Apocalypse, and had only grown worse as time ticked on.
“No sense in wasting body heat,” Dean grunted, before turning his back to Cas.
“I don’t think I understand the appeal of parties,” Cas said.
“Sorry mom,” Sam said, mouth still full.
“Cas? The party’s out there bud.”
“No phones at the table,” Naomi said without looking up from his meatloaf.
When he got home, thankfully earlier than everyone else in the house, he ran to the fridge. He looked in the garage fridge for good measure. He even checked the cooler in his dad’s trunk. He sighed in defeat. While last year it’d be easy to find beer around the house, the New and Improved John Winchester never touched a drop of alcohol. And Dean could admit sober John was pretty cool. He didn’t yell, he didn’t fuck off for a week with no explanation, he never hit them, and his laugh didn’t sound so hollow. He even took Sam and Dean fishing last weekend. Castiel came too, but he was quiet and just sketched in a little notebook the whole time, and that suited Dean just fine. But John’s sobriety was really fucking inconveinent right about now.
The silent treatment. That was unusual. The kid usually hung on Dean’s beck and call. Was he upset about Jane? Dean felt a cold, ugly feeling slither into his belly, suddenly feeling guilty about being so careless with Cas’ feelings. Sure, he didn’t feel the same way, Cas was only a kid. But he should have been more upfront about the whole thing. He was the adult here.
“Of course,” Castiel said, like it was the most obvious thing in the world.
“Sweet,” the man deposited himself on the couch opposite them. As soon as he landed close enough, Ellen’s nose wrinkled, and she got up and followed Bobby to the driver’s compartment to flee the stench.
“Lisa invited me-”
He didn’t even wait for Castiel to respond, just turned on his heels and headed for the brick building.
Dean knew John didn’t love Naomi. He remembered what his father looked like in love, the stupid looks on his face whenever mom came into the room. But his father was a prudent man, and Naomi’s was a good wagon to hitch onto. Dean saw the restless drumming on the steering wheel. Would John cut and run if Naomi got worse? He wouldn’t put it past his old man. What would happen to Cas?
(See the end of the chapter for
“I feel like I’m ruining you,” Dean said, but Cas was already asleep.
Dean’s thrust started shallow, but soon his thrusts grew harder, striking Cas’s very core. He felt heat rise up in his abdomen.
“Well, we’re a part of them now, whether they like it or not,” Cas said.
“I’m weird? I’m weird?!” Dean shouted.
Dean deflated, breathing heavy, “We gotta get out of here.”
Charlie was tugging on her boots, and didn’t bother looking up, only grunting to acknowledge Dean’s presence.
Dean shook himself and stepped forward again, gingerly peeling Cas’s shirt off, and Cas saw his eyes skim across Cas’s chest before dragging themselves up to his eyes.
“Wake up buddy,” Castiel heard a familiar voice float through the mesh mosquito screen of the cabin.
“Mom?” Dean sneered.
“Fuck,” Dean gripped the wheel tightly, as Cas clutched his seat desperately.
Cas shook his head, laying his head on Dean’s shoulder, and Dean could smell the sweet sweat in his hair,  and wanted to tell the other boy it was too hot to be touching, too hot to be close, but he just took another hit and closed his eyes, letting the summer air wash over them.
“You have to admit that your Mom is kinda psycho, all that Hell talk,” Dean tried again.
(See the end of the chapter for
“There, you’re a big boy now,” Dean smacked Castiel’s back, letting out a weak laugh.
“Strike one!”
When Cas’s rutting became more insistent, his need pressed up against Dean’s thigh, Dean pulled Cas’ shirt up over his head and began kissing down his chest. He wriggled out from underneath Cas, and carefully pushed him down onto his back, and tried not to smirk when Cas sighed from the temporary lapse of contact. Dean resumed his mission with gusto, liberating Cas of his jeans, before pressing a small kiss to the man’s ankle.
“I’m sorry I kept you waiting,” Dean whispered, “Next round I’ll take my time, take you apart slowly.”
“Dean, you shouldn’t go to a party that has alcohol. What if you get hurt? You’re starting on a dangerous path.”
Dean hadn’t prayed, well, ever. But watching Cas’s face, as the fate of his sister rested on his shoulders, made Dean want to pray to every deity that they find her. And goddamnit, maybe Dean finds himself, against all reason, hoping, that she’s still human. God help him. God save them all.
The man cut off the beginnings of a whine with a dismissive hand gesture. It had been stupid, and if he were to have a rare moment of honesty with himself, selfish too, of him to ask Castiel to see him off. He should have asked literally anyone else to see him off. And he expected Cas to drive back alone? Without a gunner with him? Selfish. Stupid. He glanced over, almost hoping to see the lanky man pouting next to him. Any kid-ish behavior would make it easier to send him away again. But no, Castiel was sitting up, arms carefully cradling his gun, staring at the road ahead. He couldn’t help but think back to the first time they rode together, when Cas’s eyes were too big for his face, as out of place as the gun in his lanky fingers. Now, he was self assured, as comfortable as one could be under the constant threat of frenzied mutants.
Dean didn’t let the question linger, sliding his hands around Cas’s face, and drawing him in for a lingering kiss.
“I’ll go for that one,” Cas said, picking a fat looking deer that was drinking from the river.
Dean took another large gulp of his drink.
“I figured you boys had girlfriends. Your dance cards have been full lately,” John said, stabbing at his potatoes.
When they reached the river, they stripped quietly. Cas waded in slowly, before submerging himself completely. When he came up for air, shaking out his hair, he realized this was the first time he breathed easy in a long, long time.
Naomi checked her clipboard, “Now Mr. Masters, are you ready to transform your earthly life?”
“Cas?”
“Thanks for getting it back Cas,” Dean said, somewhere in the vicinity of Cas’s shoulder.
“Not that one bud, that one’s gonna be a momma soon,” Dean said, “Look for one with larger antlers. Like that one,” Dean pointed. Cas nodded, and followed Dean as he carefully exited the truck and layed down on the lip of the hill. Cas tried not to revel in their proximity-- he could feel Dean’s every little shift as he propped up his rifle, could hear his breath as he adjusted his grip on the trigger. Together they aimed the sights of their rifles, and soon they were driving down to the bank of the river, two deers bleeding out on the ground.
“What about Amelia?” Dean asked, though his eyes were fixed on Cas’s mouth.
“No, Dean,” Cas said after a time.
The pair walked slowly down the main dirt road of the complex, the dying light cloaking them. Cas fiddled with the fraying edge of his shirt, and Dean made a mental note to try and get him a new one.
“Good,” Dean replied, before taking Cas down to the root.
They talked until late in the night, trading lazy kisses, just waiting for their lives to begin.
Within the hour it took to assemble a team and return to the Roamers site, they were gone, melted into the countryside. The next few days were filled with search parties and rumors of Dean’s betrayal, or death.
“I fear that Meg has become romantically attached to me, which was never the context of our relationship.”
“You knew I would stay with you. You always knew. Don’t act as if my devotion is a surprise,” Cas said, but there wasn’t any anger in his voice. He saw through Dean.
The blankets weren’t ruined, and they squeezed them out as best they could, before tossing them in the back seat. They found a drive through ATM, and Cas emptied out his account, before Naomi could figure out how to lock it. After an hour, they made it to a motel in Bloomington that had some vacancy, looking to all the world like runaways. Cas didn’t actually have a driver's license to prove he was 18, so he ducked in the car while Dean checked them in.
The other boy carefully closed the door, and crossed the room, getting right in Dean’s face.
“Gay?” Charlie stage-whispered.
“Dean,” he said, his voice wrecked and raw, “Look at me.”
“Well, the apocalypse never happened before either, and you’re one of the idiots I've entrusted to actually advise me through the unprecedented,” Dean bit out, his tolerance for the former prophet severely diminished by the lack of alcohol in his system.
“Food tent is over on the West side of camp-- don’t think about sneaking food, only Benny and Dean keep the key to the food stores. River is our southern border, y’all can wash up there,” Sam paused, throwing a pointed look at Cas, who hadn’t managed to change since his sewer escape.
“I’ll take care of you,” Dean said, pushing the sweaty hair off of Cas’s forehead, kissing along his brow.
Though Naomi’s health steadily improved, Castiel’s summer nightmares chased him through winter. One kept recurring. In it, he woke up in a cold empty house, and then suddenly found himself in a deserted street. Something was chasing him, something large, something deadly, so he would take off running and running, until he found himself in a crowd of people. They were at school in the cafeteria, but no one could see him. That thing, that thing that was chasing him always catches him, and he’s torn apart, and no one can see him. He was going to Hell, and he was going alone.
“Hey, look at me,” Dean said, and Cas dragged his eyes up to meet his.
“The party dumbass,” Gordon said, rolling his eyes.
Cas hesitated, looking quickly to Claire, who was suddenly smiling at him.
Castiel was the youngest of the Novaks, and so he was always protected. That was the unspoken arrangement of their family. That arrangement, that
“I’m sorry if I offended you,” Cas said gravely, averting his eyes.
Cas was too tired to cry.
Dean crawled into bed beside Cas, who was already sleeping. Dean tried to chase sleep, but he found himself staring at the ceiling. What if kids were something Cas needed? Dean couldn’t give them to him, and they’d never really talked about it, but what is to stop Cas from getting someone pregnant and starting his own family? It was his right. He came from a huge family, of course he wouldn’t be happy with their little two person operation. He didn’t deserve Dean’s baggage, he was so young. He had so much ahead of him. Dean’s thoughts spiraled until he fell into a fitful sleep, and when he woke up, Cas was gone. Terror seized him, until Dean remembered that Cas left early to go teach at the school house on Mondays. Dean collapsed back into bed. He didn’t even know how to be a father.
“Yes baby,” Dean said in his ear.
Dean quickly slipped on his shoes and rushed outside, too nervous to wake Cas. He didn’t bother changing, and just hoped his father wouldn’t steal him away in his pajamas. John leaned against the Impala, smiling wide.
Dean continued to stare at the road, occasionally glancing at the RV in his rearview. He was stalling, and he could see the knowing smirk on Castiel’s face. He saw Dean was at the end of his rope.
“I don’t know you, and you don’t know me, got it?”
Cas nodded.
While Dean had a minor meltdown about gender roles, he nearly walked straight into Meg, who was cornering Cas against a locker. Dean met Cas’s eyes and looked away. It was one thing to help out Cas in a dark room full of people who were too drunk to care what was happening. But in the hallway? That was too much. He started to back away, just as Lisa surged forward.
An hour later, Cas trudged up from the riverbank, dragging on a pair of boxers hastily, as he passed Chuck and a few others doing laundry by the shore. While he had seen a decent amount of camp members embrace nudism, Cas wasn't quite there yet. He slipped into the rest of his clothing, pulling his shirt over his head, as he came up on the main part of camp. For once, he had absolutely nothing to do. Sam, Claire, and Charlie had all left early that morning, to check out a pack of Roamers on the outskirts of their territory. That meant Castiel had no one who outranked him left in Camp, meaning there was no one left to boss him around for the evening.
He cast his eyes to the ground, waiting for confirmation. Dean felt something akin to pity surge through him. His arm found its way around Castiel's shoulders, and soon he was guiding the bewildered teen towards the mess hall.
“What’s next?” Cas asked.
Buddy. Castiel ruminated over the word as he returned to his scriptures. He realized that he never had a friend of his own. Sure there was Hannah from church, but she was also his cousin. And Sam Winchester was polite enough, unlike Dean, but he wouldn’t consider a step brother a friend. Cas felt himself smiling through the rest of lunch.
“What do you wanna do? Gonna stay local?” Dean asked.
“The drunk idiot tripped and broke his thumb on the way back from
“You two can ride your bikes down,” John said gruffly, and then he was off with Naomi and Sam to set up their table.
“I’ll come with you.”
Cas gave him a nod, eyes still watery, and watched as Dean sucked in, before gesturing for Cas to get closer to him. Cas obligingly leaned in, and Dean gently worked his thumb into the corner of Cas’s lips, the other boy obediently opening his mouth. Dean blew the smoke carefully into Cas’s mouth, mindful not to let their lips touch. After a beat, Dean pulled back. Cas held the smoke in before it came billowing out of his nose.
“Shit, yeah Cas.”
“So you didn’t go to school?” Cas asked, feeling emboldened.
“Yes you did,” Cas said, sitting up, squinting bloodshot eyes in Dean’s direction.
Dean waved with one hand, before beating a hasty retreat. He had to book it half a block to catch up to Cas, who was speedwalking because of course he was too polite to fucking run.
He stepped into the room, looking down, almost afraid to look up.
With the thought of Sammy, Dean sprang up, rolling himself to his feet, though he felt a rush of blood in his head.
Dean watched Castiel fall on his butt, again, from his vantage point at the weapons cabin. Benny offered the boy a hand, and pulled him to his feet.
“I guess so-”
“Hey, come on in,” Sam made a wide sweeping gesture with his arms, the grin never leaving his face.
Cas knew responding was unwise, but he couldn’t resist. Dean’s face got red, and Cas screwed up his eyes, ready for the blow to fall. Maybe if Dean bruised him, Naomi would come to her senses and end this charade of a family. The blow never came, instead Cas felt a shock to his core as cold water was dumped over his head.
Dean drummed on the table, failing to make the gesture casual.
Dean balled up his fists, and Cas feared that the two would fight it out right there, but as Dean looked around as the congregation openly stared at him, the boy deflated, and trudged to the car.
“Who’s this?” Dean asked Charlie sharply, which she replied with a shrug.
“And you are you. You saved my life. You saved my sister. You are the reason all these people around us have safe homes. You saved the world Dean,” Cas said in Dean’s ear.
Castiel nodded solemnly, and he saw Dean doing the same out of the corner of his eye. If he had learned anything about the boy in the past few months, he feared John Winchester more than anything.
“Always.”
Cas didn’t know how to respond, so he stayed silent, focusing on scrubbing the tiles underneath the fridge.
Dean drew Cas in close, but before he could kiss him, Cas spotted a hook fixed to a cable, about five feet away from the edge of the bridge.
In the nine months the siblings had occupied the camp, Dean had slowly worn Claire down, and managed to get a nice word or two out of her on a good day. Charlie certainly had something to do with Claire’s elevated mood. Something about Charlie’s endless sunshine managed to wear Claire down, and seeing as they were the closest in age of the folks at camp, the two spent most of their time together. Dean watched as Claire dropped her stuff off on one side of the shack, before bounding off, undoubtedly to meet Charlie at the shooting range.
“Oh,” Dean put down his canned apple pie filling, “It’s not that glamorous of a story,”
“You’re cleaning the basement today,” John said as they pulled up to the house, “Try not to make a mess. We’re sorting our storage for the church’s Christmas fundraising sale this weekend.”
“I need to get out of the house. To visit Meg. Can you help me?”
Dean joined them at lunch again, waving Charlie’s questioning off. HIs brief leave of absence allowed the ghost guys (their new name) to set up permanent shop at their table, and Cas thought that Alan must be blind or stupid to not see how Dean glared at him. Cas was once blind, but no longer.
All lessons ended by four, by Cas’s best estimation. Castiel dismissed his eldest student, Krissy, before heading down to the river. He kept himself strong mainly by swimming. Kevin, who had been studying to be a doctor in his other life, said Cas could retain almost perfect functioning of his hip so long as he didn’t quit. On a few occasions in the year following Dean’s disappearance, Kevin could be seen dragging Cas down to the river.
Dean sighed. He knew he shouldn’t have made it a joke. Dean eased himself into the seat next to Cas, and wound his way around his boyfriend’s shoulders. They enjoyed the quiet for a moment, watching the kids play as the sun started to dip. One of those rugrats was his niece, Ellie, and they watched silently as she jumped up on Benny’s son’s back. Even Chuck had a few kids running around, though they tended to be jumpy, like their father.
“What, your name is fucking weird. I don’t wanna have to say the whole thing all the time,” Dean sighed.
“With a woman, I mean.”
“Are you sure? You’re so busy running everything.”
Ash stuck out a gloved hand, before quickly retracting it to shuck off the glove. Cas took the proffered hand cautiously.
“I’m yours, and you’re mine,” Cas growled, and Dean shivered at the timbre in his voice.
Cas sighed as Dean pushed himself in, and when he clenched experimentally, Dean groaned and hunched over.
He made quick work of his jeans, and saw Cas’s cock straining to free itself from his boxers. Dean licked his lips as he saw the reddened head peeking out from the top of the waistband. Dean leaned down and gave a little kiss to the head before mouthing at the rest of his cock through the fabric. Cas gripped the top of Dean’s head, little gasps and whimpers making their way around the gag.
“You’re gonna have to take the reins here, I’m not great with heights,” Dean said, before shooting a particularly close Croat.
A rescue!
Cas’s words hung in the air between their beds like a delicate web.
Dean swallowed, but he was still tense, holding back what Cas knew was coiled under the surface.
Castiel followed her to the futon, and watched her finish her food, feeling oddly at peace.
In New Mexico they found Chuck, a squirly little writer who was hiding in the walk-in freezer of a Dairy Queen with no weapons. They brought him along to.
“Step-brothers,” Castiel said, while fetching his books for class, “It’s a recent, unfortunate development in my life.”
Dean kept going, until Cas was spent, whimpering from oversensitivity.
“Look at Sam, he’s a wonderful father beyond your upbringing,” Cas pointed out.
Cas ventured forward to join them but Dean held his shoulder back, just as dozens of Croats overwhelmed the factory doors. They were moving slowly, but there was no way to mow through them without accidentally shooting Bobby or Ellen on the other side of their decaying bodies. Dean sprinted back inside the factory, making his way up to a catwalk. Cas followed, well aware that they could be trapping themselves inside. Cas kept turning to shoot the croats that were slowly climbing the steps behind them, but it felt like a waste of ammo. They just kept coming, and coming. It was faster to outrun them, and Cas sprinted up, ignoring the burn of his lungs and the jolt of his hip.
“And that’s enough for you?” Dean tried to keep his voice even, channeling ‘concerned authority’ voice.
Sam nodded once, his hand leaving his weapon, and he strode away quickly.
“Gonna make me do all the work, huh?” Dean said, and Cas felt him press a kiss to the nape of his neck.
How could any disappointment live up to this? The last time Dad had abandoned them like this was-
Dean scratched the back of his head, “There’s no girl I like since Lisa left. Besides, they already sold the tickets.”
“We’re going home,” Charlie gripped the wheel tighter, as if she feared Castiel would overpower her, even with his broken leg.
“Now, you’re not the greatest fighter we’ve ever seen,” Dean started.
“Agh, Cas, fuck off!” Dean held his hands in front of his face, but he couldn’t quite dodge the spray.
“Please, I know it- it’s probably too late, and dangerous, and an unnecessary risk, but please,” Cas looked up at Dean, the floodgates opened as tears streamed from his pale blue eyes,
He was looking out from the little porch Dean had added to their cabin the year before, after their camp had managed to build a rudimentary lumber yard by the forest. They tried to only take from the forest what they needed to make their camp feel like a town. They built houses for those who were still living in tents, special furniture, a proper infirmary, and a little gallery. And with some of the leftover gallery wood, Dean built a pretty little porch off the front of their cabin, and furniture to match. Cas was sitting on the little swing, watching his students play tag out front.
Dean frantically turned his head-- they were causing a traffic jam, people stopping to gawk. Most of them had probably never heard Cas speak before.
“Oh come on, don’t be like that. It was just a question Jesus freak,” Dean said, very aware that he was whining.
“I’m grateful she lets me work at all. You have no idea what it was like before you Dean,” Cas sighed.
Castiel had excused himself from the room then, too nervous to see what happens to those who defied Naomi. Now, back at the clinic, Castiel slipped back into his role as silent helper. The clinic was bustling, between those who were driven to relapse during the holidays, or those who were seeking a new life in the new year, there were many souls ripe for the saving. After a cordial wave to the chief nurse, they made rounds to each room, with mixed reception. Finally, they made it to the last room, where a sandy haired blonde man was resting silently.
Cas followed reluctantly.
They were in the barn-- Naomi was out of town for the weekend again, and Cas was painting him again, this time just for fun. Cas’s other paintings littered the barn-- Naomi didn’t approve of secular art, and so Cas had turned the barn into a studio of sorts. A gallery. That morning, Dean surprised him with a nice set of acrylics and canvas.
“Sorry,” Dean muttered.
“Why aren’t you trying out for baseball?” Cas whispered.
Somehow, Dean had managed to ignore the barrage of banners, party planners, and promposals. Damn, what if Cas had wanted to go to prom? Like they couldn’t go together, obviously, but the kid deserves a night out. Or something more than dry humping in a dusty old barn.
Without thinking, Castiel agreed, taking down Meg’s address.
“Whoa whoa,” Dean patted his back.
“Why not?” Cas said, regretting the petulance that creapt into his voice.
Cas nodded, feeling sleepy, letting the water climb up.
“Thank you for having us in your home Mr. Bradbury,” Castiel said, quickly drying his hands.
Cas thought about the question for a few more minutes, as he watched Dean kick every rock in their dusty path. Faith was mandatory. It was as natural as breathing underwater, and he was seconds away from drowning.
“What?”
Dean leaped up, knocking the false planks back, and the croat off balance. The beast stumbled back, it’s lank blonde hair and vacant eyes a grotesque after image of the girl it once was, before charging. Before Dean could get a shot off, the monster’s head exploded, and Dean felt his eardrums explode along with it.
Cas heard the cabin door creak open, and two strong hands were shaking him with as much care as someone like Dean Winchester could muster up, which wasn’t much. Castiel resisted valiantly, but eventually gave in.
He didn’t know what upset him more, that Cas had outwilled him, or that his anxiety over Cas staying felt a lot like elation.
“Maybe I’ll get a job this summer,” Cas sighed on the ride home, “Your work ethic is so admirable.”
When Castiel got home, Naomi and John were waiting at the kitchen table.
“I actually was trying to take my shirt off,” Cas said in a low voice.
“I’m sure you can figure out how to set it up. I approve all games beforehand. Saturdays only.” Naomi said, before retiring upstairs.
“What’s going on?” Cas asked, focusing on Claire. He was too embarrassed to even look at Dean.
Castiel wrinkled his nose, “I don’t understand, why would one want to date a father?”
“Oh,” Dean said, and took a fucking step back to let Cas do just that, as if Cas undressing was a process utterly outside of his domain. Cas switched tactics.
When John married Naomi Novak, Dean was sure his life was over. No TV during the week. No more sugar in the house (and if Dean whimpered as Naomi dumped their sodas down the kitchen sink, citing some shit about tooth enamel and sugar rotting brains, no one had to know). No more weekend hunting (apparently it promoted violence in the home). No more Zeppelin.
On a cold day in December, two thick envelopes from the University of Illinois arrived.
“Yeah buddy. Let’s go home,” Dean said.
After school, Castiel nervously walked into the media room, where Charlie seemed to be embroiled in an argument with three boys.
“Fuck Cas, I’m so sorry,” Dean said kneeling down, and dragging Cas’s face towards his, tasting himself on the other boy’s mouth, moving his mess between their lips.
Castiel must have gone deaf. Naomi’s mouth continued to move, and John laid a reassuring hand on his shoulder, but Castiel couldn’t feel it, couldn’t feel his body move upstairs, couldn’t close his eyes and forget what just happened.
It took Dean a few moments to notice it, but after that he was speeding through the streets to get them home.
“Orlando Bloom, dreamy huh,” Charlie said with a sigh.
There were two main buildings, a shiny high rise that was out of place, and a long dormant factory. Dean followed the truck as it veered through a gap in the fencing of the factory. To Cas’s surprise, he hadn’t seen a Croat for the past few dozen miles. Part of him wondered if the crisis would just die down on its own. They knew Croats only lasted a few months, and after that they just sort of, melted away. If they were smart, and lucky, maybe they could keep the living safe for long enough that the Croats would no longer be a threat.
“No,” Cas sighed, sweeping his thumb across the head, so wet he didn’t need the aid of lotion or the shower, in the easy slide of his hand down the shaft.
At church, Castiel felt the hot glares from the congregation burn into his skin. It didn’t matter that they had been members since Castiel was an infant-- the masses relished yesterday’s Novak misstep. Naomi was the holiest of the holier-than-thou crowd. Dean’s outburst would feed the gossip mill for months at the least. For his own sake, Cas hoped that another scandal could eclipse their petty family drama, though he immediately repented for hoping for a teen pregnancy.
“I want you too much. I want everything, it fucking scares me. What I want to do to you. To do for you.”
“I never asked for my family to be combined with yours, but I have always been cordial to you, while you continue to treat me like a pariah,” Cas said, seething.
“I’m sorry,” Cas choked out.
“When we get our own place, I’m gonna bite you everywhere,” Dean babbled, not knowing where his words were coming from.
So he ran. He ran and then crawled, and then swam, until he found the end of the pipes, choosing random directions, until the air smelled less putrid, the sky looking more blue through his limited view from grate to grate. He found a cover, long rusted over, and shoved with all his might, until his shoulder was bruised and bleeding, until he was free.
“Mother would catch on eventually,” Cas replied with a sigh.
“Which is where John’s journals come in,” Dean said, “He took a lot of notes about this kinda experimentation before he died.”
“You’ll know when you know,” Claire cut Cas’s complaints off quickly.
“Do you think you could help me?” Cas asked.
Dean grimaced, waiting for the jokes to pour in, but Victor just nodded, and went back to nursing his beer. Dean drummed on his knees, but everyone seemed wrapped up in their own conversations, and suddenly Dean felt very grateful for Cas, who was leaning on the wall next to him.
He looked up at Castiel again, age beyond his years apparent in the bags under his eyes.
“I, of course I do.”
Dean was going to do everything right. Day one, he signed up for the soccer team (Naomi forbade football, apparently it promoted domestic abuse and devil worship). Dean made starting forward, which gave him an excuse not to have to ride home with the Jesus gang every day.
And that was the million dollar question. How to tell your little brother that your father would rather die alone, drunk, than reunite his family at the end of the world. And how could he tell his brother that his father was as good as gone, the last family in this cursed world outside that car which was suddenly so so small.
“Why?”
John drinking again was not a good sign. Maybe he never even stopped. He seemed fine, he actually went to work, and he came home, and he didn’t hit and he stopped swearing. Maybe it was all easier with someone else putting food on the table.
“Good, Lisa had something she wanted to talk about. Prolly just wants to coordinate for junior prom,” Dean sighed.
Meg rolled her eyes, and peeled herself away from Cas, flicking them off as she slipped away into the crowd.
"I'd rather not go into detail about what happened next," Dean stopped his tale, taking in Castiel's rapt, yet slightly ill expression.
It was an awkward shuffle back to the trucks, Garth and Benny taking out five more Croats which surprised them upon exiting.
“What is it buddy?” Dean worked to keep his voice even.
The first few weeks of school were a blur. He and Castiel didn’t actually have any classes together besides English, and they sat far enough apart that no one thought they lived together. Dean was always sure to sprint away from the car in the morning, in case someone saw them get out together. And he even walked himself home for the first few weeks while it was still nice out.
A year and a half later, Hope Novak-Winchester was born, and Dean had never felt more full.
“Sorry,” Castiel jerked his eyes away, focusing on the unrelenting road.
They didn’t talk about it. Dean jumped into the shower, and Cas took one after. When Cas came out, Dean had bundled their clothes and taken them down to the washing machine. Cas mutely followed, padding down the steps in clean briefs. And if Cas pressed his body against Dean’s while they watched their sins wash away, reveling in his bare skin in the cold room, Dean didn’t say anything.
Castiel brought up getting a job at dinner, “I want to learn to be industrious, just as you are mother.”
Dean turned around when he reached the wall, looking wildly at the approaching Croats.
“I’m sorry. This is my fault.”
“Well, there really is no such thing. The whole “virus” terminology when describing the outbreak is really a misnomer-”
Castiel nodded glumly.
Cas winced at the memory. After Ash confirmed the new mixture wasn’t deadly, they all vaccinated themselves, without any idea of its efficacy. So they kidnapped a Croat and locked it in one of the bunker rooms to bite them.
They picked him up from behind, making sure to drag his leg on the ground. Cas thrashed out, uselessly. They gripped him underneath his armpits, a twisted imitation of a parent carrying a fussy child.
“Yeah well, I didn’t fucking kiss you. If I kissed you, you’d know.”
“Dude, knock!” Dean shouted.
“What’s going on?” Cas tried to walk closer to the old cabin, when Claire pressed a firm hand on his chest, pushing him back. He looked down at her.
“I came to apologize. You welcomed me into your home and I made you feel lesser. I never meant to do so, please forgive me,” Castiel said, head lowered.
Dean was quiet for a moment, before saying, “John’s punishments were always a lot more direct.”
Cas noticed that Dean was bundled up in two blankets and a hoodie, their attic space heater no longer functioning. Cas shivered. It was the wrong side of December, making this punishment particularly cruel. That’s what one gets for embarrassing mother.
Dean didn’t know what it felt like to fly, but driving himself to school with a new license burning a hole in his pocket felt damn near close. Sure, his old man had him drive Baby before, Dean had been a designated driver before he hit middle school, but it was nice to be newly minted. Cas hummed next to him, watching the trees whip by on the admittedly short drive. Dean may have circled the school once or twice, hoping that Lisa might see them on her way in, but no luck. At least he wouldn’t have to catch rides with Gordon after Baseball season started up. The senior drove an old Honda that was somehow always sticky.
"Why what?" Dean grunted, keeping his eyes on the dirt road that led behind the city walls, on the lookout for any unwelcome guests.
“Thank you, Jess,” Cas rumbled, looking down at the woman before him.
“I know you, and I know you believe in whatever this is.”
“Clever,” Dean breathed, slowly slicking his fingers.
“Listen to the woman,” Dean called out, edging out of the creaking cabin before Andrea could rip into him next.
The weird sense of pride which had sprung up in Dean’s chest was soon replaced with panic. He hardly knew what he was doing half of the time, it would be downright criminal to let someone else follow him blindly.
“I will miss the children, however Jessica is more than apt to take my place as teacher.”
Silence suffocated the room, and Dean felt himself struggle for breath. Moments melted into minutes, neither boy moving a muscle.
Dean pulled up and parked among the dozen or so other cars, though without the Impala’s rumbling, Dean felt anxiety start to creep in again. Lisa smiled gently, and patted Dean’s arm.
Dean jogged back, “Dance with me?” holding out a shy hand.
Deep down, he knew he shouldn’t feel like this. He knew it was crazy to follow a man he barely knew. Everything he knew about Dean’s past was whatever he had managed to eke out of Sam in their rare moments alone. He was abandoning the last little scrap of family he had to go on a suicide mission that was hanging on by a short, worn thread. Yet he couldn’t bring himself to give a damn about the consequences. He belonged here, by Dean’s side.
Dean smiled, “I’m gonna take over your training from now on,” he decided.
Castiel retreated to the ancient mattress, and he began rambling, the nonlinear babble that floods from one who has been unable to speak for a long, long time.
“I’m yours. I’m yours, I’m-” and Dean was coming, all over Cas’ chest.
“And our child will have both of us to count on,” Cas replied easily.
“Not a bad idea. And I bet you wanna bring Meg up here,” Dean sighed.
He did his best to ignore Castiel, who seemed determined to make actually zero friends in high school. Naomi had had Christian tutors homeschool him for most of his childhood, just like she had with his older brother Gabe, who was off somewhere enjoying his freedom. Dean only met Naomi’s eldest once, at the wedding, and he only stuck around for 15 minutes before he sped off to wherever. He wasn’t in college, but no one knew what his job was exactly.
The other boy rolled his eyes, and started to get dressed.
“Winchester, where’d you pick up your shadow?” Victor said, spying Cas as Dean awkwardly stood by the wall.
We. What should we do. They were in this together.
“Sammy isn’t coming,” Dean said, before throwing the car in reverse.
Dean held up his hands, attempting to placate the crowd.
“We’ll figure it out,” Dean snapped. If Naomi died, Dean knew there was no way he was going to college, he couldn’t leave Sammy behind with John. Though he didn’t feel great about leaving Sammy behind with John and Naomi, at least they didn’t have to worry about hiding bruises. Dean decided not to go out for soccer again-- he wasn’t good enough to get a scholarship anyway, and he used the extra time to pick up shifts at Bobby’s. If they did all have to cut and run, it was best to have a safety net. And he’d be damned if he was gonna leave Cas behind with the mess.
“What happened to your family is not your fault. It’s not Claire’s fault. It’s this fucked up place we call home. And you’re not a burden. There are a lot of things you can do to help keep this place running.”
“Dean, you’ve been bad,” Mary scolded, and the pie turned to ash in his mouth.
“I’m here to save you, try and sound grateful,” Dean tried his best to sound convincing while whispering shouting with his knees pressed up to his chin.
Dean watched as Cas, already limp from orgasm, slowly wrapped his hand around Dean, massaging torturously slow. Dean felt his eyes drift shut, and he bit his lip to stay quiet.
Suddenly a hand gripped his elbow, tugging him outside to salvation.
“But we took care of ‘em all in the end,” Dean clutched the steering wheel tighter, “We started up when Mom died. A vampire took her from us.”
Dean had hung up all the Christmas lights before he remembered he didn’t have a power source. And the streamers had gotten tangled in the rafters, clumping all together. Dean would probably be cleaning glitter out of Baby for the rest of his natural life. But Cas looked at him with a grin brighter than the moon peeking through the rafters.
“Engineering? I dunno,” Dean said, leaning up on his elbows, “Don’t you gotta be super smart for that?”
“Just drive Winchester,” Meg said, stretching herself out in the back.
“I know, I just, I don’t believe it,” Dean sighed, “I’m afraid I’ll lose everything.”
“I will pray for her,” Castiel said seriously, before racing for the front door.
“Are you still with us?” Dean asked.
It took him an hour and a half to get across town, two hours to knock on all the doors of the newly sold houses (there was something of a real-estate boom since the state university had opened a new campus a few miles from the city center), and forty minutes of begging to convince the Simon-Grubinyere’s that the pie dish had significant emotional value and was not meant to be sold and yes Cas would reimburse them for the amount they spent on it and he knows it’s not very Christian to take something back like this. It took him two hours to bike back home because he was carefully holding the pie dish in one hand, and he wasn’t confident enough to go more than a few blocks balancing that way without slowing down. It was after dark when he got home, and every light in the house was on.
Cas scoffed, and felt his face grow more red. Why couldn’t Dean see that he was old enough?
When the interstate junction came up, Dean just picked south.
The  January air nipped at his ears, but Castiel felt red hot as he trailed behind Charlie as she chattered about the latest comic book series she was invested in.
Charlie drew Castiel in, and the sobs that wracked his body took him by surprise. Charlie stroked his hair, murmuring nonsense until he could catch his breath again.
“C’mon!” He shouted deafly, as Sammy gripped his shotgun instead of running for the window.
“Yes!” Sam and John jumped up in unison.
“What makes you think I did something?” Cas said forlornly.
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel said, absently touching the piece of skin where Jess’s knife had been.
“Well, we can’t let her go. If she’s been left by one group, she could easily link up with another. Share our camp’s location, and worse, expose the weakness in our defenses,” Sam said slowly.
Just because Dean let Castiel follow him around like a lost puppy didn’t mean he felt any sort of
At graduation, Dean won the prize for the senior with the highest math average, and with it, another check for the secret bank account. Cas didn’t win anything, but Naomi had the two pose with Dean’s plaque in between them anyway. Bobby cried, but everyone pretended not to notice.
Castiel felt the bed dip down, and strong arms wrap around his back.
“I know we’re at the barn, I can smell the mildew. If I get mud on my good shoes-”
Charlie knew something had happened, but he would just have to let her guess. He would not betray Dean’s trust. Their kiss never happened, he couldn’t complain to Charlie that Dean was ignoring him about a kiss that never happened. Christmas break came and went. Cas wiled the days away with Charlie, determined to not speak about Dean. Dean spent all his time at Bobby’s, saving and saving and saving. So December expired, January quickly following. Dean’s 18th birthday was a quiet affair. John took Sam and Dean hunting, though Naomi forbade Cas from attending too. Cas is pretty sure Dean begged for a gift that he knew Cas wouldn’t be able to join.
Their eyes locked and Cas was sure Dean would dismiss him, but the order never came.
“Charlie, how did you know that you were, um,” Castiel started, but couldn’t get the words out.
They both held their breath as Dean probed his index finger to Cas’s rim, Cas’s stomach stretched taught as he strained to look.
Dean leaned back, taking in Cas’s flushed face and chest, his eyes shut with exhaustion before palming himself over his underwear. He was ready to come in his hand and call it a day when Cas opened his eyes.
“Maybe we could get a small pet,” Cas sighed, “I’ve always wanted a guinea pig.”
“He needs me, he needs me,” Cas cried into his hands, and Charlie gripped the wheel harder.
“Sorry, sorry,” Cas mumbled, cupping Dean’s face, but even doubled over, Dean started working on Cas’s slacks, impatiently pulling the legs off, before stripping his own jeans while Cas scrambled for his own shirt.
“This is my error. I’ll make it better,” Cas said, and before his mother called him back, Cas was hopping back on his bike.
“I, got, um, well,” Cas pointed at the little jar of olive oil on the bedside table.
Claire gave her a curt nod, and her shoulders slumped in relief.
Dean ran his hands up and down Cas’s arms, tracing the goosebump trail on his forearms, but he still couldn’t look him in the eyes.
“Call me,” Meg said with a wink, before walking away, probably to go smoke behind the gym.
Cas gasped, “Dean, the barn.”
Claire, for her part, kept her gun aimed back at Dean.
He didn’t want to tell Sammy about it. Of course his brother had asked where Dad was after Dean showed up, shivering and alone at his barricaded dorm room.
That was enough for Dean.
“If you glare any harder Alan’s gonna catch on fire,” Charlie whispered to Dean.
“No, no, I’m sorry,” Dean said, and knelt before Cas.
Dean got up, suddenly dizzy. He hadn’t told the whole story to anyone since Bobby that first time, and he felt bone tired. He was too tired to change for bed, just kicking off his boots and jeans before slipping under the sheets. Too tired to feign anger and shock when Cas slipped into bed next to him.
Dean nodded, going red, “Yeah, I can, easy there.”
Miracle on miracle, they reached the base of the platform right before Cas ran out of ammo. He used his gun to beat off one particularly aggressive Croat, before climbing up the scaffolding. They reached the top, and to Cas’ surprise, Dean hopped in the passenger seat in the back of the plane.
“It was a little different each time. There was no ‘classic’ outing. Sometimes it’s a ghost, or it’s a vampire, or a werewolf. On rare days, it’s a gross combination of some ugly monster and another.”
John followed, shaking his head. Dean sunk his hands into his face and groaned. His life was officially over.
“And that doesn’t bother you at all? God I thought we were over Robot Cas, you almost tricked me into thinking you were human,” Dean said, stalking to the other side of the room.
“Like ever? You should get yourself checked.”
When he reached his locker, Charlie Bradbury was leaning up against it, smirk on her face.
Cas recoiled as if he had been burned, and stared firmly at his feet, “M’ sorry.”
“Jesus Cas, are you a bitch magnet?” Dean bit out, though he felt a flush of shame when Cas looked up at him aghast. Meg looked unfazed, lazily flipping him off.
“No problem. Dinner is at sunset,” Sam left with a friendly wave.
Strong arms wrapped around him, “Apology accepted.”
“Have I ever told you that you’re insufferable?” Cas sighed.
The movie ended, as all movies do, and after their guests filtered out, Alan giving Cas his number of all fucking things, Dean sent Sammy inside with the leftover snacks.
“I’m sorry,” Cas gasped out.
“Duty calls,” Charlie slid easily out of bed, unconcerned about her body as she pulled on her clothes.
“When I feel shitty, you know what I like to do?” Dean asked.
“No, but we can make it to that!” Cas said, pointing at a small bi-plane perched on a platform near the corporate side of the building.
Naomi’s punishments were as thorough as they were cruel, though it took Gabe’s departure for Castiel to realize it. He had always thought she punished them because Gabe’s reckless behaviour was an embarrassment to God. But after Gabe left at eighteen, Naomi began to scrutinize Castiel’s behavior. What were once minor infractions, like leaving the hall light on or forgetting to fold his clothes, were met with swift retribution. Dean was almost a blessing to his family-- now Naomi had someone appropriate to blame. Cas could be a good son again, and suffer valiantly alongside his sinful step-sibling.
Cas shimmied up the ladder after Dean, settling himself in some old hay, the fading afternoon sun filtering through the open slats in the barn, highlighting his serious brow.
“Child? Singular?”
Why would Cas say that? I mean, of course Dean was ashamed, he was living with a middle aged man masquerading as a teenager. Cas used words like “accessories.” Cas wore a freaking tie to school. Well, Dean could admit that Naomi set him up to be a freak, with all her bullshit, but Cas was still a freak! So why did Dean feel so guilty?
“Sore?” Dean asked, starting the tap before climbing in himself, his chest to Cas’s back.
“Don’t worry about him, his mom’s got him fucked in the head. He still thinks you’re awesome,” Dean said with a grin that he hoped was reassuring.
Dean watched him leave, just as Charlie made her way up the stairs, her eyes slightly red.
Dean looked like he wanted to protest, his mouth opening and closing slightly, before setting his mouth in a hard line. Dean wanted what was best for camp. He wouldn’t fight Sam on his little power play. He wasn’t his father. Castiel knew Dean well enough to know he consciously separated himself from his father’s memory. Dean wouldn’t be John.
He would eke out a life. He would not roll over and die like John. He would live.
By the second month after Dean’s kidnapping, Cas could walk without help for the first time. Even though he could propel himself forward, it was as if his hips were uneven. Sam said he would never walk the same way again, but he’d survive.
For the first time in recent memory, Castiel slept through the night.
“The kid’s gonna need your eye on him,” Sam’s voice came from behind him, and Dean didn’t even bother to glance at his little brother.
Dean waited for John’s steps to recede, before relaxing back in bed. He looked over to Cas’s empty bed, missing the other boy’s stoic company. Dean pictured Cas walking up to Meg’s house, and her swinging open the door, dragging the unsuspecting boy inside. Meg would strip right away, and, she would, she would drag Cas down, and-
Cas carefully placed the small jar of olive oil next to the bed. He felt guilty swiping it from the kitchen. Their community was doing well-- since the vaccine had made its way through the camp and appeared to work. Soon they would be sending out envoys to other camps, and with luck, soon they would have something of a robust trade.. Still, resources would always be tight, and to steal from the group for his own selfish purpose felt wrong. But Cas had his reasons. Dean was finally going to make good on his promise to fuck him.
“Mother would never pay for me to get an art degree. I can paint in my spare time. Please go back to your pose.”
“Don’t speak with your mouth full,” Naomi scolded.
Cas elected to hum instead of respond. For all the progress they’d made, Dean still couldn’t get Cas to say a bad word about Naomi.
“I’m sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,” Cas said, backing out of Charlie’s cabin with his hands covering his eyes.
“Bold of you to just show up here,” Charlie said, feigning indifference.
Dean took one last big swig.
Dean sighed. Even if this kid’s body was left untouched by the Croats, his poor mind was done for.
“I meant what I said Dean,” Cas growled, and Dean pulled his fingers out quickly, eyes downcast.
“Thanks Cas,” Dean grunted out, quickly glancing up at him, daring to drag his eyes from the woman in front of him for the first time.
“I can perhaps convince her to let me attend, still. We have two weeks until we’re meant to leave, there’s time,” Cas pleaded.
In nine months, Castiel himself had filled out. Regular meals doing wonders for the young man’s health, not to mention that he was no longer running for his life every second of the day. His hair was as unruly as ever, and something had to be done about the scraggly beard beginning to grow on his face.
“I’ll drop you boys before I head back to the garage,” John grumbled, “Sammy has rec league basketball after school, and Naomi will bring him home at 5:30. The kitchen should be cleaned by then.”
“You can join,” Naomi said, the tension flowing out the room like water down a drain, “So long as you begin to be more serious about helping me at the clinic.”
Dean dragged Cas away whenever he could, if only to spend more time with Charlie, who at least got what Cas was going through. Dean would even take up Naomi’s bedside patrol to give Cas a few hours reprieve, though the other boy never seemed truly rested after his time at the Bradburys, looking more wan by the day, as if he were the one who was sick. He always got more withdrawn, pulling back every time Dean got close.
“You can’t come.”
Dean took an experimental sip from the cup and gagged at the mixture. So that’s where the vodka went. Lisa led him on a loop around the party, introducing him to her friends, while Dean just smiled and nodded, sipping the heinous punch and trying not to embarrass himself. Cas was thankfully silent, and it was too dark to tell if he was glaring at anybody.
“‘Getting into her pants’” Cas forced out with air quotes.
“That’s not what I meant. And you know that,” Cas said, “It’s just, if you don’t want to see me, I can, be somewhere else.”
For some reason, Dean relaxed when Cas said that. Dean told himself it was  because Cas beating him to losing the big V would be all embarrassing, but deep down he knew that wasn’t the real reason.
“Yes,” Cas agreed, entranced in the stretch of the current batter’s uniform, which went taught every time he strained to hit one of Dean’s immaculate pitches.
“No way dude, you’re like, a walking wet blanket. I don’t even want anyone to know I know you, let alone try to get you into Victor’s party,” Dean said.
“No, uh, a woman,” Castiel said, “In my cabin.”
“Well, we’ll prolly move to an apartment again or something,” Dean whispered.
“Don’t you get tired of drawing me?” Dean asked.
“I am unsure. She has been oddly distant lately. She homeschooled me for the express purpose of giving me a Christian education, but this past year in secular school has been quite interesting,” Cas said.
“Dean, do you know what college you wanna go to?” Lisa asked, batting her eyes.
He and Cas had decided to pick up warm clothes and wool from the Goodwill in the town over with some of the money Gabe sent Cas for Christmas.
“You’re gonna have to relax,” Dean said, and Cas did his best to breathe deeply, only to clench down harder as soon as Dean's finger breached.
Dean reached carefully to the side, grabbing a rag, dunking into the water, and soaping it up, before dragging it carefully across Cas’s chest, before wiping at his thighs and hole. Cas sighed, leaning back into Dean’s chest, content to lie there long after the water went cold. They stayed enmeshed until the front door slammed, and then it was a scramble to get out of the water, get dressed, get the table ready for dinner.
Cas was too tired to talk, so he merely placed the little painted dish in the center of the room, kicked off his shoes, and slipped himself into bed, kicking off his jeans after he got under the covers. The blankets hardly helped, the winter chill was already setting in for the night, and Cas grit his teeth. Cas heard Dean’s bed creek as he peered over, and soon Cas felt Dean’s crushing weight on top of him.
"How old are you anyway,?" Dean spared Castiel a glance, his grin widening at how the boy looked downright affronted.
“Oh. Shit.”
“Mother, I-”
Dean ground his hips down again against Cas’s thigh, impossibly hard in his boxers, stifling his moans in the crook of Cas’s neck.
Cas just whined in response, bucking his clothed cock against Dean’s hip, desperately looking for friction.
“A self respecting one,” Castiel said with a glare.
"Yes."
Dean burst into the room, eyes wild, “Lisa is moving! Her dad got a job in stupid London.”
“God you’re like a vice,” Dean whispered, “I can’t wait Cas, I can’t wait.”
Cas felt Dean’s jaw flex in his palm, but he didn’t fight Cas’s grip. Even in the dark, Cas could see the heat in Dean’s eyes. And if Cas wanted it, he’d have to take the lead here.
“Fuck you!” Dean shouted, sticking his finger in John’s face, but he flinched back when John took a step forward.
“What the fuck,” the man slurred.
“What? I didn’t kiss you,” Dean stammered.
That notion stuck in Dean’s head. The pair worked their way down the list of chores for the morning, including tending to the bee colony Cas rescued after they found a bunch of honey bees seeking refuge in an old ice cream van. Soon enough, Dean led Castiel back to his own cabin. Cas stepped inside the large, old cabin that Dean shared with his brother. While none of the cabins had much in the way of interior design, Sam had taken to drawing landscapes, something about “imagining the world we want” or some other hippie garbage.
Cas seemed to deflate, and flopped back on the ground.
“I’m so sorry,” Dean started.
“What if, what if I never want to do something about it?” Cas asked.
“Worried about what?” Cas replied.
“Are you sure you’d like to be seen speaking to me in public? You are aware that people can see us,” Cas grumbled, avoiding the question as they pushed against the end of day foot traffic.
They drove to the next town over to do just that, the clerk looking suspiciously at Dean, but nevertheless accepting the greasy money.
Dean could feel Cas’s heart beating strongly where his chest met his back. It was steady. Calm. Just like his Cas.
“I need to touch you,” Cas demanded in a hoarse whisper.
Dean saw Castiel’s jaw clench, while trying not to notice the shadow of stubble, knowing he struck a nerve. He inwardly cringed at his next words, but he ground them out the same.
“They are locked out of Jesus' kingdom.”
“Guess you’re stuck with me,” Dean said, gesturing to the next jeep, “Don’t worry, we’ll outshoot them.” Soon the crew rolled slowly out the gates, driving at 10 miles per hour like they were on safari. Dean drove carefully, as relaxed as possible when outside the camp’s walls. They rode in silence for a while, how long Cas couldn’t tell. It wasn’t as if anyone bothered keeping track of time anymore. Not for the first time did it occur to Cas that he really didn’t know Dean at all. It wasn’t as if people enjoyed talking about Before. But he and Dean spent so much time together, and the man never volunteered much.
“Mother-”
“God you smoke like a fiend,” Dean said, watching Cas blow another cloud in the air.
, only intensified as the members of the family began to dwindle, despite Castiel’s insistence to the contrary. They
Dean managed to catch that Castiel had traveled with his family, a big one, Luke, Gabriel, Anna, Michael, and finally Claire. All gone, except Claire, his older sister.
He heard Sam speaking in the background, but he managed to ignore him while swerving to avoid yet another abandoned car.
Castiel turned the notion over. It was a sin to lie. It was a sin to be homosexual. Though he wasn’t sure if he was a homosexual. So sinning to cover up a potential sin seemed, wrong. And convoluted. On the other hand, he hadn’t lied yet. If Naomi jumped to conclusions due to Meg’s continued presence in his life, that was her own prejudice.
That spurred Sam into action, and the boys jumped deftly out of the first floor windows.
“You know,” Cas started, breaking into a fit of giggles, “you’re so weird about all that stuff.”
“I don’t envision you getting me pregnant Dean,” Cas sighed.
“How about you, uh,” Dean hesitated before placing a hand on Benny’s shoulder, “Take a break.”
“I need Charlie,” Dean didn’t wait to be invited in, pushing past the girl, and Cas scurried in after him before Claire could stop them.
He saw, more than heard, the ripple of confusion through the assembled, but he ignored it, and hoped he got enough volunteers for the mission. He just focused on Castiel, his face brimming with a potent mixture of hope and fear.
“C’mon, let’s go handle the day,” Dean called over, and he didn’t even have to look over his shoulder to know the teen was dutifully following him.
“Castiel, while I do not approve of your deceitfulness, you are growing, and I cannot shield you from the world any longer.”
Cas put his head down, “They grow into bad adults.”
Cas looked up, his eyes a little blank. A small smile ghosted across his lips.
Dean took Cas on a quick tour, past the private generators that ran on some weird fuel that smelled like the inside of a freezer, but never seemed to need replacing. Cas breathed in. The air outside was fresher these days, but he never thought he would experience recycled air again. Around them, Bobby and Ellen were hauling in more canned food.
“I was gonna give you these for Christmas, but,” Dean trailed off, not wanting to remind Cas about when they weren’t speaking. Cas accepted the gift with tears in his eyes, and they immediately took off for the barn.
“One way to find out!” Dean popped the blank disk into the system and let it boot up.
“Well hello Clarence, nice of you to drop me a line,” Meg drawled.
Cas turned his gaze to Dean, and Dean was shocked by the hurt in his eyes.
Cas fidgeted listlessly. He flitted about Dean, while everyone settled around them, before deciding to plop down a few feet from where Dean started to address the crowd. Castiel regretted his decision immediately, and he was so focused on his poor seating choice that he hardly listened to a word Dean had said. He managed to ascertain the content of the speech from the sudden outbreak of whispers in the crowd. Cas figured Dean was talking about the Roamer, Jessica.
Their lives were about to start.
Cas hadn’t introduced them when they were at camp, hadn’t even mentioned her. Dean knew he was fucking up her life. He wondered if Cas had even said goodbye to her. Had even thought about her when he got into the jeep with Dean, speeding off to God knows.
“Ah, this is the interesting part-”
“Mom’s pie dish. They fucking sold it, and you put it in a box, and no one even fucking cares that it’s gone!” Dean shouted, and the tears were free flowing at this point.
The young man stopped ambling around the center of camp, choosing to stretch out against one of the logs used for meetings. He closed his eyes, ignoring the slight chill that passed through his body as the wind touched his wet clothes. Cas felt the beginning of sleep begin to take him, when a distant rumbling  caught his ear. He pushed himself up onto his forearms, and saw the dust storm pick up behind the two cars racing quickly towards camp.
Before Dean could think, he was moving past Lisa and getting in Meg’s face.
“I better,” she said, “Bye Dean. And bye Cas.”
Dean signaled for the two men, Adam and Garth, to follow him to the center of camp. There was no need for a signal, the whole camp was out and on edge ever since Castiel had shown up. Every man and woman was poised for action, and so Dean hardly needed to shout for everyone to gather around him.
Follow me on tumblr ! @writerposer
“Since you children have decided to disrespect the space where I prepare your food, you will go without tonight. See that this kitchen is clean in the next fifteen minutes, and then retire to your room.”
“I’m sure I would,” Cas said, his body a languid puddle on the barn floor. They’d taken some of their winter wool blankets and stashed them in the barn, alongside their weed, and some comic books borrowed from Charlie. Cas wrapped himself in one now, carefully rubbing his hand on the rough fabric.
“Dean.”
“Sure thing, brother,” Benny gave him an easy smile, and wiped the sweat collecting under his cap, before sauntering away.
Dean knew this was a trap. He knew it was. Part of him was raring to take another swing at Naomi, but as he glanced at Castiel, scared stiff, the violence in him quelled. He bent his head, the picture of obedience.
“And I always thought that homosexuals were deviants, far and few between. But I care for you deeply, and I am terrified that I am like you,” Castiel said in a rush.
Most nights, Dean came rushing into the cabin. He’d excitedly tell Cas about all the developments, as if Cas hadn’t been right there when they happened. And they’d stay up for hours, talking in the dark about every plan they had for the future, now that there was a future. But then Dean would drop off to sleep, murmuring about refurbishing the cabins with solar power and Cas would lie awake. This night would be different.
Dean looked into the stands, beaming and beautiful.
“So,” Cas spoke between bites, “You never told me how you escaped.”
“She was in my Gov class,” He said lamely, as Dean pushed him forward.
“What’s gonna happen if Naomi dies?” Sam asked quietly. They were huddled in Dean and Cas’s room, playing Animal Crossing with the projector. Dean got Cas the game for his birthday, but Cas told Sam about the projector, so now the kid was always asking to use it too.
She nodded, turning her lips up in a quick smile, before scampering away. In the five years since she had shed her nomadic life, Jess had never lost her fierce and hurried way of moving. Cas turned his attention to the little boy bouncing around his cabin.
“Fuck off,” Dean grumbled, crossing back to his own bed, “You’ve got a girl who’s into you. Do something about it or don’t.”
Dean looked to the gym, but realized it was probably too late to find Lisa, and he could always text her or something. Dean turned to jog up to catch up to Cas.
Cas pushed the gag aside.
“Won’t you miss everyone?” Dean went for a cheap shot, “The camp is your family, you can’t abandon family.”
Cas came first, biting his lip so hard Dean was afraid he’d bleed, ropes painting his chest.
“What if I’m just like him?” Dean whispered, and Cas wrapped his arms around him.
“-so you didn’t manage to shake him?”
After several seconds, he tried again, “You in there?”
The next morning, Dean was wrapped around Cas’s back like an octopus. Cas woke up to a sweaty back, where Dean’s chest met his back, though he could tell the room was freezing. He wasn’t comfortable per se, but he couldn’t tell if it would be worse to disentangle themselves and face the cold morning, or be a little sweaty for longer.
Cas hurried in behind her, nearly tripping down the long flight of midnight black steps, which twisted their way downwards. He turned around to see Bobby and Ash slowly hauling a thick steel trunk towards the door, with Jo trailing casually behind.
He hauled the man up into his lap, chuckling when he let out an undignified shriek. Dean started with what could have been a chaste kiss in another lifetime. The sweetness of the moment was ruined by Cas’s desperate writhing. There wasn’t any time for sweet. He surged up, meeting Cas’s chapped lips with a ferocity he couldn’t bother to lock away. Cas tried to match his energy, easily parting his lips as Dean’s tongue begged access.
“Is it wise to keep your money in the barn?” Cas asked, his head in Dean’s lap as Dean counted his cash.
“Naomi has not once come up these stairs in the past six months, and I’m tired of you stealing my blankets,” Cas said by way of explanation.
“When I was going to drop off my resume at the Gas N’ Sip, I, I saw John. Buying beer,” Cas choked out.
It was Claire, who sent Cas into their one escape route, the narrow sewage pipeline, which they prayed led out of the city. And it was Claire, who sealed the cover after him, trapping herself with the Croats, alone. Cas screamed and screamed as the bullets flew, his limbs frozen. The bullets stopped, and he listened, strained to hear anything as the gun report echoed around his ears.
“That was shotgunning, it’s fucking different. I’m not gay!”
“I know, I know.” Dean gripped the window sill more tightly as he watched Cas get thrown down once more by Benny.
Dean hesitatingly skirted around the door, gun still cocked, and shot off the knob, before kicking in the old recording booth door. He pulled his gun up, and Cas watched as Dean found himself staring down the barrel of another.
“Thank god he was too drunk to take back these,” Dean whispered, tossing the Impala’s keys to Cas.
Dean would tell Sammy, if they ever got down to Sonny’s camp, deep in Bumblefuck, Texas, that Dad must have been delayed meeting them. In the meantime, Dean thought of the correctional camp’s high barbed fences. Its proximity to running water. Its semi-functional cabins.
“Because I have to,” Cas said.
“Cas?”
“Is it-” Dean managed before Andrea stopped him.
“Sorry I’m late,” some sandy haired kid awkwardly jogged into the back yard.
“Were you looking for your stash Dad?” Dean asked, vicious.
“Hey Castiel, this is my friend Kevin. Kevin, this is my buddy Castiel.”
“What are you thinking about?” Dean asked breathlessly, “You thinking about Meg? You thinking about Alan?”
“Ok.”
Dean didn’t protest when Cas pushed their bed’s together in the middle of the room.
“Cas, buddy, you’re a genius!”
“I have to believe that this is all worth it. That piety on Earth and service to the Lord will earn my heavenly reward,” Castiel said.
“Castiel, come sit in the living room,” Naomi said.
“Do you always have to be so crass?” Cas sniped, and then actually rolled his eyes at Dean.
“Sure buddy,” Charlie said, walking back to her house, as if she hadn’t just upended Castiel’s little world.
Dean laughed and kissed him. Soon they’d figure out that the olive oil was best used if they mixed it with aloe vera, which luckily grew in abundance by the camp’s walls. Dean could often be spotted volunteering to gather it for the medical tent, even late at night. One afternoon Cas discovered they can also get oil from boiling old avocados that were past ripe, and they spent a weekend in bed trying to discern if there were any differences (Olive slicked better, but Avocado lasted longer). But for now, they ignored the mess, and Dean drew Cas in close against his chest.
“Dean, what are you doing?” Cas said, voice thick with sleep.
“A scholarship? You got a scholarship? For your grades?” John asked in disbelief.
“You watch your tone boy,” John said, sternly staring Dean down.
“You missed a spot,” Dean said, and saw Cas carefully still, as Dean delicately worked to remove some of the hair right by Cas’s lower jaw.
Of course there was no way to bring his family back. Despite himself, Cas felt the disappointment rip through him. He barely registered Dean’s warm hand on his back.
Cas nodded mutely, afraid that he would wake up from whatever dream he was in.
“It’s Cas now, huh? Glad to see you two finally getting along,” Lisa sighed.
Lisa gave Dean the side eye, and replied, “Sure Cas, sorry.”
“Dean, stop,” Cas whispered.
“Yeah but Sam is Sam. He was always good,” Dean grumbled.
They reached the studio room, the last intact door in the builidng. One or two bullets lodged themselves in the door, but the integrity of it remained.
“How the fuck do you guys have an intern?” Dean sighed.
“Castiel!” Naomi shouted when he returned home, “Where have you been?”
"Well, that doesn't make it feel right," Dean set the bottle down, half empty, “I’m going to bed. You’ll find your room at the end of the hall.”
He started his descent, gripping the railing tightly. WHen he reached the bottom, Ellen nodded at him, holding the heavy door at the end open. Warm lighting filtered out, and Cas squinted at Dean, who held his arms wide.
“Cas, come on, I need help with this one,” Claire called, snapping Cas out of his stupor.
The spring unfolded into a lovely mix of baseball games, movie nights, and test prep.
Dean carefully pulled out and flopped beside Cas. Cas closed his eyes.
“Hey buddy,” Dean said with a laugh, easing Cas’s shirt back down.
On a chilly Tuesday, Dean waited impatiently for Cas after school.
After school, Dean lingered in the parking lot, accepting admiring nods from passersby, until Cas emerged, harried and serious. Dean imitated Cas’s scowl until the other boy caught sight of him, his face breaking out in a grin.
The lump which occupied the unmade bed behind Andrea attempted to sit up. Thick arms struggled with the uneven quilt draped over the bed, scraps of cloth from here and there being shoved aside.
“Hey, why does Sauron leave the pass of Cirith Ungol unguarded? He’s all seeing, surely he knew that was a path into Mordor,” Dean asked loudly.
“What the hell?”
“Now that we know you’re human? No way kid,” Dean said slowly, and saw the tension melt away from the kid in front of him, his chin dropping, shoulders slumping.
“Fuck, Dean, hurry,” Cas gasped.
Dean’s head perked up. Maybe if John poked the bear enough, they’d be spending Christmas at a motel somewhere. Dean’s heart gave a little flop as John rolled his eyes as he slid his hands into his lap.
“You! This is all your fault! You put her stuff here in the first place!”
“Fuck Cas, you can do whatever you want to me.”
“She can’t do this Cas! You’re 18, you’re your own fucking person,” Dean growled.
“I will do all the direct outreach, you please focus on handing out the informational handouts about our rehabilitation program,” Naomi said.
He heard Dean cry out what Cas gathered was supposed to be his name, his voice rough as sandpaper, full of anguish.
“There are like 40,000 kids at that school. I think it shouldn’t be too hard to avoid each other,” Dean sighed, turning over.
"And so he introduced me to Ellen, who had been hiding behind the desk, ready to put a bullet in me. Turns out they were in the middle of a raid on another one of Roman's facilities when the battle broke loose outside. We hunkered down together, until the last screams died out, around dawn. Bobby took us the round about way in the jeep, trying to avoid as much of the battlefield as possible. He took me to the RV, and we've been together since.
“I didn’t exactly have an address growing up. I spent most of my time in my old man’s car, or in motel rooms,” Dean spoke flatly.
Castiel rolled his eyes, but at least Dean was willing to joke about the whole thing. On his way up the weed ridden sidewalk, Castiel heard shouts from inside. Before he could make it halfway up the wooden steps, Meg burst out, mascara streaked tears lining her face.
Castiel nodded, and ran out of his cabin, not stopping until he found Sam, cheeks red, laughing with Madison.
"We mostly fought Croats, there weren't any camps to raid that far into the desert. Some nights I woke with knives to my throat, that's how anyone moved up in rank in that camp. Murder the guy you think is your biggest threat."
Dean told himself he was only there to pass the long winter days, but he was invested by the first nazgul sighting. Maybe this nerd shit had its merits. Charlie didn’t punch his arm and call him a pussy for jumping when the first orcs appeared, and she had some interesting shit to say about the back story. His mind started to drift by Return of the King, and he glanced over at Castiel, whose eyes were glued to the screen, gripping the pillow, tightly.
“You shouldn’t mention that to our folks,” Dean sighed.
Dean tried to wipe it away, but when he looked up he was staring up at a burning house. He could hear Sammy crying inside, but as he tried to run in, a burning  beam fell down and crushed him.
“Dean!” Cas said, his voice coming out in a yelp.
“No I, I just, never thought, you. Sorry. It’s fine,” Cas said, hugging his knees into his chest.
“I meant what I said, I want you to fuck me,” Cas said.
“Benny!” Dean called out, the large man pausing mid step, most likely about to succeed in knocking Castiel down once more.
Castiel settled into the hard seat, trying to spot Dean, until he swaggered out to the mound. Dean had spent the last four days prepping Castiel on the sport, even drawing diagrams so he’d be able to follow the game. Dean coiled up, before letting the ball fly easily over the plate.
“I’ll take the first watch,” Sam said, the bravado leaving his demeanor after his victory, gently prying the woman from the chair.
“Where did you learn to cook?” Cas asked, and in response Dean shoved a meatball into his mouth.
Cas could feel her strength, despite her slight frame. He could also hear the panic in her voice, feel the slight quiver in her grip as she sized up Dean. Cas knew that with all the training he had received, he was no match for the warrior beside him. He also knew that Dean was. Castiel closed his eyes, so he only heard the woman’s scream as Dean’s throwing knife embedded itself into her calf. Her grip loosened in her shock, and Cas used that opportunity to reach up and swipe her knife. It was over in less than a minute, and soon Dean held the woman on the ground, his knee between her shoulder blades, hands wrapped around her wrists.
“You may have to,” Cas said, flopping onto their bed. Cas wouldn’t cry. He wouldn’t give her that.
Lisa ran a nervous hand through her hair, “I hope to. Let’s get back to studying, or else we’ll end up nowhere.”
“Shh, baby,” Dean warned, letting the back of his hand gently trace his erection.
“They probably hate us, they used up a lot of manpower trying to get me back,” Claire remarked.
” Dean readied himself, when a crash sounded above them, and their timber shelter reverberated.
“You the new recruit?”
“Aren’t you worried?” Dean asked.
“I don’t know if trespassing is wise Dean,” Cas said, looking furtively from side to side, though he followed Dean inside the old red building.
Meg hummed while smelling the soup, “Just sit with me Clarence.”
“Well, there are a few possibilities. I was speaking with Claire, and she proposed some sort of arrangement with her and Charlie, wherein we swap “necessary parts” and conceive some children that would be biologically related to us,” Cas said.
“That wasn’t so bad, was it?” Dean asked, ignoring the electricity in his fingertips and the adorable glint in Cas’s eyes.
“Why the fuck do you wear so many layers,” Cas complained, tugging at Dean’s shirts, “It’s August.”
Dean was so blissed out, he missed Cas’s text letting him know he was on the way home.
“Hey!” Cas sputtered as he drew himself up to his feet, nearly slipping on the wet floor.
“We may have to invest in some thermal underwear. I’m sure your outburst at the market has led her to compound upon our other punishment,” Cas said slowly.
“Goodmorning, Cas replied sleepily.
“We’ve been hitting factory after factory across the US, this is the last possible place,” Dean said as they pulled off the freeway. The Sucrocorp headquarters lay in the middle of 50 acres of deserted cornfield. The sickly sweet smell of rotted corn hit Cas’s nose, momentarily eclipsing the general smell of decay that permeated the earth.
“How many of your patients relapse?” Dean didn’t mince words, staring down Naomi from across the hospital bed where John lay.
Dean didn’t know how long they stayed like that, but when he finally went back to his bed his knees were aching.
“Cas suggested we keep these in here, so we can stay warm,” Dean winked, draping the blanket over Lisa’s lap, though she took the moment to slide in close, resting her head on Dean’s shoulder.
“You didn’t have to make me look like a dick in front of Lisa. It’s not my fault Meg’s creeping on you. And you never told me what you were talking about,” Dean said.
“Yes Dean, you’re always trying so hard,” Cas said lazily, “That’s weird. It’s just me.”
John looked like he wanted to object, but Naomi was unmoved.
“It’s ok, you made it better,” Dean said simply.
“I’m not a kid anymore,” Cas said.
“My paintings.”
“Aren’t we a little old for forts?” Dean asked, helping himself to everything, before lovingly admiring the projector.
Dean watched her pedal off, still in a daze, when John honked, snapping Dean out of his stupor. Dean silently got in the van, too embarrassed to look at anybody, watching the streets race by.
Cas started to go red, “I wouldn’t have bothered if it wasn’t for you. I don’t think I had the courage, until you kissed me.”
“Wh-” Dean started, but she cut him off again.
Castiel shook his head, and slipped out the front door carefully. He was too nervous to risk sneaking the bike out of the garage, so he walked the half hour it took to reach Meg’s apartment building.
“Want you so bad,” Cas whined.
“It’s time for Junior’s lesson,” Jessica patted Benny’s son lightly on the back, who scampered delightedly past Castiel.
Dean had never seen Cas so flustered before, and guilt crept up again. Why did he keep hurting the kid?
“Would it be alright with you, if I were to join the audio visual club at school?”
we're nearing the end folks !
“You can take it off her once we know she’s clean,” Dean said in response to Cas’s unspoken protest.
“I was also hoping to join the audio-visual club,” Cas said, “If you’ll have me.”
Dean felt his shoulders sag, before reaching for his discarded shirt and wiping Cas down carefully, tracing his trail with feather-light kisses. When he reached Cas’s jaw, he pulled the man tightly against him, kissing lightly around his face until he landed on his lips.
“Come on, let’s go explore the house,” she said with a wink, and Dean let her lead him upstairs. He could sense Cas following them, but Lisa didn’t say anything, so he wouldn’t either. Cas could stalk him all he wanted, Lisa Braeden was holding his hand.
“What should we do with her?”
Castiel made a distressed noise in the back of his throat, but let Dean take him through the backroads of Pontiac, cruising aimlessly past acres of farmland and the occasional liquor store. Dean pulled over near an abandoned barn, partially because it looked cool, partially because gas was fucking expensive, and John made it very clear Dean was responsible for every aspect of Baby’s care.
Dean resisted the urge to run. He was a grown man, he could handle this conversation. Dean sat down on their bed, and Cas ambled over and rubbed his shoulders.
“How are you? I, I am sorry I didn’t call. I was unsure of what you wanted from me, and I feared I could not reciprocate your feelings,” Castiel whispered, making mindful glances towards the house.
Dean looked sharply at both of them. Though holding a prisoner was certainly a new experience, displaying any sort of weakness in front of her was certainly against the soon-to-be-written protocol.
The man shuddered inaudibly, conscious of his brother’s gaze, before striding out of the ancient, wooden, excuse for a building.
“I’ve got you, Cas,” he heard his sister whisper in his ear, and he wasn’t sure if he was dreaming as the world went dark.
“C’mon Cas,” Dean said as he strode out of the hot box, the kid stumbling out after him.
“Say that again,” Dean growled.
Cas immediately dropped the hose, and the nozzle knocking on the wood cabinets punctuated the tense silence.
“I was just telling this Angel I dig his tie,” Meg crooned.
As soon as Dean parked, Cas jumped out, chasing a mop of brown hair into the school.
“I know that he’s someone who taught you violence is an adequate way to express discomfort,” Cas said.
They lay quiet for a while, until Cas felt his arm start to go numb.
“What’d you do?” Charlie asked, peering over to Dean’s table.
“Go get Sam and Charlie,” Dean said, calm as ever, his eyes not leaving his new prisoner.
Dean flopped back down, “You got a scholarship too Cas, she can’t tell you what to do all the time.”
“Dean, this isn’t the way home,” Cas said as Dean pulled to the right.
“Look what you did to me,” Cas sighed, and dragged Dean’s hand to his shorts, which were soaked through.
“Nothings going to happen! You’ve been training me for almost a year, I think I can handle myself out there,” Cas crossed his arm.
“We should have a party,” Dean declared.
Castiel looked up and nodded rapidly. Dean sat heavily on the floor, and kicked off his boots.
“The fuck are you doing here,” Meg bit out.
“That can’t be healthy, do you even know what to do?” Dean asked, the mocking tone undermined by the tremble.
All too soon, after years of fighting, three years of dying, somehow the two youngest, only Castiel and Claire, remained. Claire was only two years his senior, but those two years meant that Cas would be protected, above herself and all else.
He felt Cas shrug before continuing, “Eat my feelings.”
Dean paced over to the window, and picked up his binoculars, to take one last look over at the hot box. The kid showed no sign of croating out over the past day, just exhaustion, and probably more than his fair share of trauma.
They keep up the routine for a few weeks, Dean dropping Cas off with Meg, before picking up Lisa, and racing home before curfew, John and Naomi none the wiser. Dean even brought Lisa to the barn, but it turned out to be super creepy at night. The only hiccup were the days when Meg needed Cas during the week, for whatever it was they were up to. It was harder to cover for the boy’s absence on the rare occasion John made his way upstairs, but Dean had taken to running the shower whenever he heard John’s footsteps. John probably thinks Cas is a chronic masturbator, but at least he’s safe from Naomi’s wrath.
Castiel wiped the welling tears from his face, as he stumbled away from the bonfire. He cursed himself, of course Dean would be fucking Jane tonight, just like he would move on to the next warm body tomorrow. He shouldn’t have been surprised, this had been Dean’s modus operandi for as long as he had known the man. Yet, he still allowed his soul to be crushed when he laid eyes on Jane, latched on to Dean like a leech.
Castiel jerked awake, sitting up straight, his back as stiff as a lightning rod. He tried to catch his breath, as he slowly patted himself down, sweat forcing his T-Shirt to stick to his body in odd places. He breathed in slowly through his nose, then out his mouth, and once some of the residual adrenaline fled his system, he could feel the chill of the night creep upon him. He dove back into his sleeping bag, and tried to zip the fabric around him, a process he must have undone over the course of his nightmare. Cas knew he could crawl out of his small, vinyl, tent, and be at Claire’s side in an instant, and that, regardless of the late hour, she would welcome him. And yet Cas felt himself unable to leave his tent, and equally unable to fall back asleep. He couldn’t bear to burden his sister, no more than he already did, now that they were safe, now that they were protected, because he had had a stupid nightmare.
“Uh, no sir,” Dean mumbled, feeling Cas’s eyes on him.
Cas edged around the room, and lit the candle which rested in the corner of the room, on the wood block that served as Claire’s dresser.
“I, I just don’t wanna be a burden. I think, I think if my family hadn’t had to look after me so carefully when I was younger, well, they would still be around,” Cas mumbled.
The clouds broke at 10pm, a downpour like no other. Cas woke to a clap of thunder, and a soaking wet John Winchester glowering down at them.
Even after saving the world together, Cas can't get his boyfriend Dean to touch him. That is, until he figures out another use for olive oil.
“You’d risk Benny and Charlie, but not me? It’d be more dangerous if just you and Charlie went anyway.”
Dean watched Cas go, feeling a twinge of regret. Cas said he wasn’t going to get some, but knowing how wily Meg is, maybe he should have tagged along just to protect the kid’s virtue. Dean didn’t really know how he was meant to cover for Cas anyway-- Naomi was pretty much turned in for the night, something about a migraine, and it wasn’t like John worried enough to check on the boys before bed.
“You should have thought of your athletic ambitions before you degraded yourself,” Naomi sniffed, before primly heading off to bed.
“What!” Dean roared from the next room, “You can’t do that! He just fell asleep!”
“Fuck,” Cas said, putting his head in his hands, “Dean I’m so sorry.”
“I went to schools here and there, but Sammy’s the one who actually hit the books.”
“Shit man.”
“Happy New Year Dean.”
“I figured as much,” Bobby emerged from the back, holding his nose, followed by a man whose face is covered in what looked like a hockey mask made out of an old walmart bag, with the longest hair Cas had seen since the outbreak. The man pulled down his mask, and grinned at him.
“Hm. Castiel, do you think you’ve “suffered enough,” Naomi said.
Dean took a clumsy step inside, but Naomi tutted.
Dean drew two razors from the cabinet, and then grabbed a small bowl. He ambled over to the ten gallon barrel of water he kept by the entrance, and filled the bowl, conscious of Castiel’s eyes on him. He set up shop in front of one of the few, precious, mirrors in camp, one of Dean’s few luxuries.
“I know what to do,” Cas said.
“As much as I would see you attend a Christian University, even I can admit that their curricula can be lacking. I want you to achieve material success so you can better spread the Lord’s message,” Naomi said, a smile ghosting across her lips, “and you’ll be a mere hour away.”
Dean felt his heart plummet. He knew something was wrong when they got to the barn and Cas said no to smoking before getting started on his painting. Cas was gonna end it. This shit between them, it was too weird, Dean wasn’t worth all this bullshit, no matter how much he needed Cas.
"Fifteen," Dean repeated, "So you were only twelve when the world went to shit,"
“My hero,” Meg drawled, nonchalantly ushering Castiel in, as if he wouldn’t notice the fading yellow bruise underneath her eye if she moved casually enough.
"Dean, look at me," Cas had his face caught between his hands, "She was wrong or she was lying. Everyone is fine, I'm fine."
“Sorry,” Cas breathed, and Dean’s mouth found his before working his finger in to the knuckle.
“Bobby’s?” Cas asked. He’d never really spent time with the older man, but Dean seemed to trust him.
“Ever heard of a joyride?”
When Dean came back out, he almost expected Cas to lecture him about jerking off-- he’d never actually overheard Cas touching himself, and despite his diversion tactics, his showers were so short he doubted he was getting it done in there. His church probably had weird rules about that shit. Maybe he never even tried it, not even in the shower, didn’t know how good it could feel. Dean imagined Cas asking for help taking care of himself, Dean getting to teach him,  and his spent cock twitched.
John sighed, looking weak, but Naomi looked unphased. Sam was crying silently, but the adults ignored him.
Meg flicked her eyes over to Dean, but didn’t move, “What’s it to you, Winchester?”
“Strike three!”
The reason John had to drive a minivan was to fit the new big happy blended family, which came with one dorky, stick-up-his-ass, never-smiled-in-his-pathetic-life, step brother, Castiel. The kid was beyond lame. He wore a tie everywhere. He talked like the only books he was allowed to read were the bible and the dictionary. And he hated Dean.
Dean thought his heart was gonna explode. He didn’t kiss Cas, he made sure not to, and now the asshole was accusing him of stuff.
Dean was still tempted to turn around. Every instinct he had screamed at him. How did Cas talk him into this shit? A hunting trip was one thing, they could still see the camp’s walls then. Now the gun cradled between Cas’s thighs looked too big for him. Dean forced himself to watch where he was going, following the sorry excuse for a road, while Cas scanned the countryside dutifully. How Cas had convinced him to let him come along, he’d never know. It was only a matter of time before he would have had to let the teen venture out further, and this was as safe as anything for a trial run. Just gauge the pack of Roamer’s distance from the camp and be done with it. Shit. He had to calm down. Charlie and Claire would take on the five miles east of the camp, leaving Dean and Cas the west. They were in a jeep, they were armed, this was routine, they would be fine. Cas would be fine. Dean kept repeating that mantra to himself, and he was just starting to believe it when the left front tire blew out.
Sam stepped out, the wide grin on his face belying the bags under his eyes, when his eyes fell on Cas.
“Three months!” Dean yelled.
“Don’t you forget Dean, it was your family that needed mine,” Cas growled, before turning back around and pushing his way out of the assembled crowd.
“Where’s Dean,” Cas asked again, this time achingly moving his body to look at Claire, who had the decency to look away.
So when Croats busted into the radio building, their final refuge before seeking one of the rumored survivor communities, it was Claire who drew their attention from her dear baby brother with her automatic, wasting the few bullets they had.
Cas seemed to consider this, and Dean ignored the flicker of hurt that danced across the other boy’s face.
Thank god Naomi’s psycho punishment happened after the soccer season wrapped, and he was able to pretend that he didn’t actually want to go out for the basketball team so he could rest up for spring sports, which somehow everyone bought.
Follow me on tumblr ! @writerposer
"Let's just say, I got the dude's knife."
“Say fuck again,” Dean said.
Castiel nodded, but the panic in his chest lingered. He couldn’t focus in any of his classes, and worse, Meg was missing from school again, and so he was unable to talk to her about what happened. She could perhaps expose him too, if she correctly guessed why he fled last night. Cas touched his mouth. Maybe he was just caught off guard. Or not attracted to Meg. Though Castiel wasn’t quite sure what a crush was supposed to feel like, Meg was assuredly not his type. That was probably it.
“We aren’t the monsters here,” Dean spoke gravely, his tone instantly bringing the boy back to attention.
“Charlie, who portrays Legolas,” Castiel said, and Dean thought he heard a strain in the other boy's voice.
Cas crossed his arms, trying desperately to not let Dean see him waver.
“I wouldn’t expect you to understand,” Cas snapped.
“How would it even work?” Dean asked.
"Claire, you said her name was, is all you have left. So we're going to get her back."
He saw Cas's lips flutter, but the man stayed quiet.
“That seems to be inviting God’s retribution,” Cas grumbled.
“Stop fucking with me,” Dean said with a glare, his words coming out with a puff of white air.
“This blows,” Dean said after mopping in the corner.
“You don’t know shit,” Dean grumbled, turning over.
Cas nodded, and together they stalked to the edge of camp, where they kept half a dozen vehicles. Cas tried to hop in the car with Charlie, but Claire beat him to the shotgun seat, sticking her tongue out at him.
“Do you have any resolutions Cas?” Dean whispered.
Dean almost gasped, but before he could say shit Cas was walking away, and Lisa was too, so Dean was left to slink into class.
Cas scrambled to his feet, as Charlie and Sam quickly rushed a hooded figure from their car into the hot-box, Claire following carefully with a shotgun.  Cas jogged over, just as Sam shut himself away with the tall hooded figure.
“Language,” Naomi calmly admonished him from the stairs, clearly enjoying the high ground, “Boys, to the living room.”
“We need maximum options for sitting. This is a 9 and a half hour endeavor. I’ve pre-ordered pizza to arrive just as Sam begs Frodo to follow him to Mordor, which should last us through twin towers. And Dad knows that the sounds of the Smeagol and Deagol fight by heart now, so that’s when he’ll slap some burgers on the stove. Get comfy!” Charlie jumped into the end of the couch, leaving Cas to sit in between them.
“Good,” Cas thought, “my death won’t be for nothing.”
Dean nodded fiercely, though he was too afraid to make any sudden movements to the proffered treasure. Part of him knew that Naomi only gave them the Switch to take it away at some point for god knows what.
“We usually stick to the top floors when we can,” Cas told Dean, who nodded, and kept the party moving up the stairs, until they reached the floor that used to house the recording booth.
Dean showed Cas how to dip the razor in water, and gently glide it over his face, walking the balance between a close shave and slicing open your own face. They shared companionable silence, Dean glancing over every few seconds to watch Cas’s face squint in concentration. Dean finished, putting his razor in the bowl. He reached over, making sure Cas saw his every move, before gently prying Cas’s razor out of his hand.
“Dean, can we go somewhere more quiet?” Lisa whispered in his ear after the third inane conversation about “soccer season.”
“Dean, calm down,” Cas said, running a hand over Dean’s shoulder.
“Oh.”
"Anyway, after about three years, we found ourselves somewhere in the Deep South. That was when we met Cain."
"So I joined Abaddon's gang. I didn't think I had any options left, anyway," Dean took a pull from the bottle.
Cas felt the thick head poke at him, waiting.
They didn’t talk about the bedsharing. Dean slept in Cas’s bed at least twice a week, nominally to stop the nightmares, and Cas couldn’t pretend it wasn’t effective-- Dean’s hot breath in his ear was as grounding as it was destabilizing.
Castiel had become the unofficial schoolmaster, all kids from age 4 to 11 visiting his Cabin in blocks throughout the day. He took the older kids shooting, showed them which plants would kill them, how to sew up a leg, and all the other survival requirements. Those survival skills now involved exploring just what was beyond the camp walls into which many of them were born. Croats were simple to explain, ruthless rage monsters who could take them down with one bite. Roamers, simple enough as well, humans who chose not to settle down in a camp, choosing instead to wander and forage for survival. But then there were others, not quite men, not quite monsters. There were those who could harness some sort of evil energy, and manipulate others into doing their bidding. There were stories of men who could survive off of blood, and only blood, like the old vampires of myth. Most worrisome were the people who could change their faces, even their species, at will. The presence of Shifters made trusting people all the more difficult.
“Like what?”
John ignored her, “What something wrong with you? No son of mine should have trouble getting a date.”
“We’re going out on recon. Be ready in twenty.”
Meg’s eyes scanned the crowd, saw the odds weren’t in her favor and backed off. Cas leaned forward and shook Lisa’s hands.
The Croats seemed to only have a taste for human flesh. After the cities fell, animal life seemed to flourish.
When the battered boy stumbled into camp, no one knew what to do with him.
“Hey, this,” Dean said waving the baggy, “is Meg’s corrupting influence, and besides, someone’s gotta look out for you.”
“Hi,” he said to Cas shyly, “Sorry for crashing.”
Dean groaned, looking at the ceiling, and before he knew it, he and Cas were sneaking out the front door. Dean had wanted to sneak out the window instead, but Cas insisted that Naomi was the heaviest sleeper known to man. They walked in silence, the vodka growing heavier and heavier in Dean’s increasingly sweaty hands. For his part, Cas looked nervous, probably not expecting to have made it this far. When they made it to the Henrickson’s, the party was already in full swing, teenagers spilling out on the lawn. Dean hesitated for a moment, and then rushed in, Cas close on his heels, into the house. At least didn’t have to worry about him and Cas being seen together, it was so dark inside. There were so many bodies packed together, Victor must have invited every teenager in a fifty mile radius, the walls themselves were sweating.
Before they left to drive Meg home, Naomi stopped Castiel in the hallway. Castiel studied his mother’s face for rage, but just saw a weariness, her skin pale.
Cas averted his eyes, anything to escape her hungry gaze, and he caught sight of Dean. Dean looked back at him looking guilty, and defeated. Cas couldn’t bear that look, his eyes turning to their surroundings. The valley was teeming with life, forty, maybe fifty Roamers itching, scratching, undisciplined, waiting for something. A man broke from the throng, striding slowly until he stood in between Cas and Dean.
They were quiet as they dumped their stuff, taking turns in the dingy shower. Cas fell into a fitful sleep, but every time he woke up, Dean was right there, solid and true.
Dean heard Cas’s movements pause, before he replied, “Meg has surprised me.”
“Anyone ever tell you you have boundary issues?” Dean asked.
Castiel huffed, “And I suppose your father never disciplined you. Which is probably why you thought sneaking out of our home was a sound decision.”
Dean kept the joint just out of Cas’s reach, only offering to shotgun him. Cas squinted, annoyed, but didn’t protest, accepting what Dean gave him. Dean felt his head start to swim, his limbs grow soft, but he kept gently blowing smoke into Cas’s mouth. Dean found himself staring at Cas’s mouth, wondering what those chapped lips would feel like against his. Maybe it was the weed, making him curious and unafraid, but on the next hit, Dean pressed his lips firmly against Cas’s, ignoring the startled noise the other boy made into his open mouth After a few awkward beats Dean pulled back, terror gripping his chest, but Cas followed him, until they were horizontal in the soft grass.
“Do you think you’re gonna be an art major?” Dean asked, his head lolling against a hay bale. It should be boring, just sitting while Cas studied him, but Dean had grown used to the other boy’s gaze. Some days, Dean was sure he’d die if Cas couldn’t see him. He didn’t care to discover what that meant.
Dean looked down just as Cas plunged his mouth back down, choking slightly.
Cas supposed he was to blame for what followed. He’s the one who wanted to look at apartments that night. He wanted to be able to visualize where he and Dean would be living.
Fat load of good those fences did, shoddily built in the peak of infection. It seemed like every city in America had a partial chain link fence, 25, 50, even one hundred feet high. It only took one person, one bite, to send an entire city into the red within a few days. Soon, instead of marking safe zones, the fences attempted to pen in the infected zone, trapping the uninfected inside, sealing their fate. Consolidating losses, is what the president called it, when there still was a president.
Castiel slept in Dean’s cabin, leg propped, drowsy on some of the few painkillers the camp had in stock. Sam took over running the camp, and Claire took over the task of making sure no one slit Jess’s throat in the middle of the night. Charlie searched for Dean. And Cas slept.
“Orlando Bloom,” Castiel repeated slowly.
“Okay, strike one,” Dean thought.
Claire patted his head as he exited, and Cas felt a pang of longing. Though the initial outbreak marked the darkest period of his life, it was also the closest he had ever been to his family. Now that they were safe, well,  as safe as anyone could ever feel in the new world order, he and Claire had drifted once more. Claire had someone, she had Charlie, she didn’t need Cas. And Cas didn’t have anybody.
Cas watched as she went, clutching his phone tightly. Huh, maybe he was into her after all.
Granted, he didn’t know what they were doing here either, but Cas didn’t seem to know the first thing about teenage laziness, and so if that meant hanging out in a cold ass barn in January, then so be it.
“I love you too, Dean.”
They stumbled up the stairs, shushing each other in the empty house, as if the ghosts would tell their parents what they were up to. Dean closed the door, and thinking quickly, used a binder as a wedge beneath the door, improvising a lock while Cas scrambled onto their bed with all the grace of a newborn calf.
“She’s been through a lot. She’s a survivor. Here, you’re going to make her feel safe, end of discussion.”
“No one else, Dean, no one ever,” he ground out, his eyes screwing up.
“Sorry, we were just-” Dean tried, but Naomi silenced him with a simple raised hand.
That had been three days ago. It had taken him a day to find his way to camp, not daring to sleep, in case a Croat found him. His twenty four hour lock down following his gun filled welcome to camp did nothing for his fried nerves. It seemed as if from the moment he and Claire were separated, his stomach had tried to climb out of his mouth. So how is it possible, that, with a gun in his hand, looking carefully through the sights as he approached the abandoned radio station, he had never felt more calm?
“Uh, Dean needs you. We have, uh, a visitor,” Cas said, as quietly as he could.
“I dunno. We can’t tell your mom,” Dean sighed, “but we should tell Sammy.”
Twelve hours later, when Claire stumbled out of the hotbox, Cas practically tackled her to the ground. Both were so weak, Claire more so. It was a pitiful reunion.
“Naomi is out of town again, scouting more locations for the new church,” Cas said.
“Show me then,” Dean said, and so Cas was rolling down the sheets, where his morning wood was poking up, tenting his pajamas. Cas rubbed himself over his pajamas, whimpering and bucking into his hand. It’d been so long since he let himself have this, and he felt Dean’s heat against him, a hot hard line against his body. He heard the other boy’s breath stutter with his when he pulled down his pants, a wet spot already dampening his briefs.
After they finished dragging the meat inside the gates, Cas watched warily as some woman, Tina something, sauntered up to Dean as he was treating one of the deer for storage.
“KNOCK FIRST YOU BRAT,” Claire shouted, gripping her sheets tightly around herself.
Dean nodded, hopping out the van. Cas waved placidly as John drove off, as if he didn’t just humiliate Dean. Shit.
“What should we do?” Cas asked.
When he was met with silence again, Dean decided a small privacy invasion was worth quelling his own curiosity.
Charlie studiously ignored him, continuing to drive through the grasslands.
When they reached the gates, carefully combing through the old cabins, searching for Croats. They didn’t find any, but found a kitchen with a working gas stove, some outhouses, a well, and some beds.
The meandering drag instead of quick footfalls told the boys that it was a croat. It shuffled closer and closer to the false planks, and Dean knew it had somehow picked up their presence, whether by smell or another preternatural predator instinct. Soon it would attract the attention of others, and the boys would be pinned down and destroyed.
“The boys don’t need to be attending such events,” Naomi said.
Dean looked over his shoulder, he was shocked to see that his guardian angel was nowhere to be seen.
“Dean, I’m not, I can’t, I’m gonna-” Cas gasped as he came ropes across his stomach.
“Goodnight Dean,”
“I think she’s been abandoned,” Castiel said, at last.
“A little weird,” Cas panted out, waiting for the fun part. If he was going to hell, he wanted all the pleasure of the earth.
Dean pulled over, signaling the caravan to follow suit, before turning to face Castiel head on.
Two days before New Years, Charlie invited Cas over for a Lord of the Rings marathon, and after some pointed pondering, Naomi allowed Cas out for the day. And Cas was too slow to stop Dean from following. Dean knew he was in for some nerd shit, but he was lonely as shit, and he was too scared to text Gordon or Lisa. He was pretty sure her family went out of town for the holidays anyway.
“Aren’t you going to do something about that?” Dean asked suddenly.
The company climbed the stairs, five in front, five in back, haltingly moving from landing to landing. After a cursory look on each floor, the crew kept moving up the stairs, taking down Croat after Croat. Cas wondered if they knew to pause for Claire, what if they shot her by accident? What if, what if she turned already? What did a four day old Croat look like? Would he recognize his sister?
“Ah. Well shit.”
They found themselves in the middle of a small bridge that spanned the factory floor. The bridge led to a control panel and a brick wall. Dead end. Over the shuffle of the Croats, Cas could hear the truck start up outside.
“Well, uh, we could wait for the others to come back,” Chuck managed to stutter out, before Dean lost his patience, and dismissed him with a single gesture.
Naomi’s forehead wrinkled, a troubling sign. Castiel could see the wheels turning in her mind. Dean, to his credit, kept his head down, only looking up to help Sammy pour his orange juice.
“Whatcha thinking about Cas?” Dean asks, his own need hard and insistent against Cas’s back, impossible to ignore, how had they ever ignored it?
“We have to go back.”
“You’re not upset?” Castiel asked.
Dean. Charlie’s words still rattled in his head. He didn’t have feelings for Dean. That would be wrong. What did she even know? He resolved to question her the next time they were alone, if only to set the record straight.
“That’s how you open a game son!” John shouted. Naomi waved a handkerchief.
"Fifteen," Castiel said, with all the self assurance that accompanied the age.
Naomi was declared cancer free in April. Cas held Dean’s hand underneath the kitchen table as Naomi gave the news. John looked relieved-- his parachute was still in tact. Sammy looked happy too, and gave Naomi a big hug which the old hag accepted. The church, suspiciously absent during her illness, embraced her again, inviting her to chair their expansion committee. Apparently they wanted to open another sanctuary the four towns over, and so Naomi, barely a day in remission, was off on mini mission trips to evangelize the people of even-more-bumblefuck Illinois.
“You’re trying too hard,” Dean said, snatching the joint back, “Can I try something?”
"Maybe you can help him out when I take you back," Dean spoke without looking over.
“This never happened,” Dean said, carefully picking up the discarded joint and putting it back in it’s bag, picking his way inside, leaving Cas alone in the dark.
Castiel recoiled, before looking at him hard.
“Croat?” Sam whispered back, gripping the gun attached to his side.
Soon, somehow sooner than usual, the sun dipped below the tall hills which lay opposite the city, and evening descended upon the camp.
Cas crawled into his tent, and Dean walked away, feeling lighter. He was even able to turn a deaf ear to the shouted, “Fuck you!” that came from across the way, which he knew must have come from Risa’s cabin. If he was able to make people like Cas feel safe, well, he couldn't be all that bad.
“Dean, look.”
He felt Dean squirm next to him, and realized he was shuffling out of his shorts, a difficult feat with one of his hands trapped underneath Cas’s shoulders, their bodies joined at a seam. The bed was really quite small. They moved in tandem, the slick sounds and hushed breath filling in what they could never say out loud. Cas came with a whimper, spilling hot on his hand, the mess spilling onto his shirt. Dean shuddered, and Cas felt come splash against his bare thigh.
Dean watched as Ellen gave Cas the rundown, about the secret projects and commissions that Roman personally ordered from his pharmaceutical firm, years before the outbreak. About the massive firings which took place after each ‘experimental’ round of trials. Ellen, a rising star at the firm, smelled something wrong, but didn’t trust any of her superiors enough to confront someone. Ash found her rummaging around IT past midnight, still searching for clues. Together, they discovered the grainy footage of the first human ‘trial’ for Roman Enterprises latest secret undertaking. Buried deep in the company’s intranet were hundreds upon hundreds of hours of footage; former colleagues, random civilians, fucking children, could be seen slowly transforming into monsters.
Castiel started when he felt a hand grasp his shoulder.
“I’m gonna get us popcorn,” she said with a wink.
Sammy took the news hard, cried and everything, right at the kitchen table. John looked ready to smack him, but just kept eating.
“Though I suppose the way to attone is to bring your young women home properly.”
“What kind of teenager talks like that?”
Cas tried not to pout. He didn’t want to be Dean’s buddy. But he doubted Dean was the type to get turned on by pouting, and so it wouldn’t serve his mission to start now. Unless Dean was turned on by pouting? Cas gave it a try.
“Dean, there’s gotta be a reason you’re here alone,” Sam whispered.
Dean hopped out of the cab quickly, grabbing the two large semis out of the back, priming both, before climbing back in. He handed Cas the smaller of the two, before carefully laying his own out of the way. He knew his team behind him followed the same procedure.
It was with those thoughts consuming him that Castiel walked directly into a trap. He stared dumbly at the knife the wild eyed woman wielded when he stepped into his cabin. The blade found its way to his neck as she gripped him tightly around the middle, and whirled him around. In his panic, he had failed to hear Dean come in, all the blood rushing in his ears. They locked eyes.
“Like the Roamers care how old she is. I’m a good shot, I’m here, I want to help. I can make this decision for myself, Dean. Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t come.”
Dean pulled away suddenly, and Cas drew back, instinctively. What if Dean decided this was too weird, and he wasn’t into Cas, and-
In sequence, Dean and Cas shot at the hinges, and the huge door caved in with a great whoosh.
Cas hissed as his body touched the cool porcelain of the tub.
“The lights haven’t conked out yet, so whatever these freaky Men of Letters used seems solid,” Dean patted the machine affectionately.
“Don’t move,” his captor warned.
On the very first day they met, at some diner that John had chosen for “neutral ground” Castiel had wrinkled his nose at the Winchesters’ “lack of manners” and when Dean laughed at him, he called Dean a philistine.
Dean was at the table, eating, when Mary grabbed his face.
It had been over 24 hours, and the boy’s only outside contact had been a bottle of water, toilet paper roll, and some smoked meat being frantically launched through the cabin window.
“Whoa, look who’s getting laid,” Dean winked, though the boy went a little red in the face.
Castiel appraised himself in the mirror. He was wearing the new shirt mother had gotten him for Christmas, the smart navy matching his socks. He had his hair flushed back, which he knew reminded her of when he was a child. He was wearing the brown loafers she liked best.
How the Impala stayed in relative shape over the past twelve hours Dean will never know. He found it hidden under the same tarp, and he struggled to unlock the old fashioned door.
“I’ll, uh, see you at school?” Dean tried to sound smooth, but Lisa just laughed and kissed his cheek.
“Wait, hold on,” Dean ran back to the car, popping in the mix he made.
“At least we had the damn sense to pack up when we did,” Ellen voiced quietly, while Cas mulled over her words, picking at his jacket.
After the ensuing brother melee, wherein Cas somehow managed to land square on his back, Dean had the pleasure of introducing Cas to snow angels.
“Chill, babe,” Charlie leaned over, and pecked the fuming woman’s cheek.
Their negligent God must have smiled upon Cas that day, because the ignition turned over, and Cas got the plane to start rolling forward down the incline. Just as they reached the end, Cas heard the engine ramp up, and soon they were airborne.
Dean’s eyes lit up, and he experimentally stepped up on the railing, and made a two-hand grab for the hook, Cas’s hands wrapped around his chest. Just before the Croats could make a grab for them, Dean jumped, and Cas held his breath. His stomach flopped, and he held his breath as he ziplined across the room, reveling in feeling weightless. Dean let out a confident whoop, and Cas felt himself let go for a moment. They landed heavily at the other end of the factory. Croats shuffled between the toxic vats, like a deranged maze. Cas looked around desperately, until he saw a small emergency door being blocked by only two Croats. He and Dean shot in unison, the enemies' heads exploding at once. Cas took charge first, and forced his way outside into the sunlit field, on the wrong side of the building from the jeep. Shit.
Castiel expected more, but Naomi took a step back, giving him a weak smile.
Cas looked around, and realized that Meg likely sleeps on the futon. Castiel waits until Meg’s breathing evens out, before covering her with a blanket and letting himself out.
Dean gently grasped his chin, tilting his face upward to meet his eyes.
“Yeah,” Dean said, trying to sound casual.
They worked silently, separating the beds, and packing up anything they could fit in two suitcases.
“Please leave me alone, I don’t enjoy this inappropriate behavior.”
He heard a small sigh, and felt some fleeting sense of victory.
“I, uh, I don’t want this to hurt,” Dean mumbled, staring down at his slick hand with concern.
Without speaking, Sam slid Dean his spare backpack. Dean gripped it with one hand, swinging
“Naomi can’t tell you what to believe-”
“Dean-o and that Lisa have been inseparable,” Meg piped up.
Dean snapped out of his fantasy, and felt flush with guilt.
Cas sunk on his bed, his face buried in his hands. After all that time and training, he was still weak. Still a liability. The reason Dean would probably have more scars on his face. He waited for it, but he didn’t hear the slam of the cabin door.
“Way to make a girl feel welcome,” Meg sighed, “I don’t need to be babysat, just gimme a ride to the closest bar. Scratch that, Dad’ll probably end up there. The second closest bar.”
“I’m allowed to speak to my sister about whatever I choose,” Cas said.
“Dean, don’t, shit,” Cas gasped.
“You can’t outrun Croats with a sore ass,” Dean cut him off, and chuckled at the honest to god pout Cas was sporting.
Castiel sighed and turned over, “I doubt they would fit you.”
Dean leaned over and picked up the jar, realization dawning as he slowly unscrewed the top.
Castiel looked around the apartment, which was small but clean, though the stench of stale tobacco clung to the walls. He had envisioned Meg living in some sort of goth palace, it was odd to see her looking so small, sitting up on the counter next to him.
“My mother is sick,” Castiel said, his mouth leaden with forestalled grief.
Before Dean could come up with a convincing lie about why the resident weirdo was stalking him, Cas said, “We’re step brothers.”
“What are you doing?”
“I’m glad to be of some use to you,” Cas sighed, leaning back in the seat.
That Saturday, Dean fidgeted in the mirror. Apparently, Lisa was tired of waiting for Dean to make a move, and so during lunch she declared that he was taking her out, and that was that. Dean convinced Castiel that he wouldn’t go to hell if they told John they were catching a movie with friends from school, and Cas agreed that the small deception would protect both of their interests.
Without the soccer team and Lisa, Dean found himself sitting with Cas, Charlie, and Kevin at lunch. He drew the line at the ghost crew, but Charlie didn’t like them either so they rightfully backed off. Gordon and Victor had graduated, and without their watchful eye, Dean couldn’t even remember what he’d been worried about in the first place. Kevin was quiet, but he had the same snark as Cas when provoked.
“Dean, I’m not the scared teenager you once knew. I’m a man, and I would really, really enjoy it if you fucked me,” Cas said slowly.
“Dean, your hands are over my eyes, it doesn’t matter if I open them or not,” Cas sighed, but reluctantly kept marching forward.
“So, how long have you had a crush on Dean?” Charlie asked as soon as the Impala pulled away.
Some hours later, Dean started awake, surprised to find Cas pressed up against the crook of his neck, mouthing aimlessly.
It seemed like everyone in school knew he and Cas were step brothers now. Gordon had brought it up as soon as Dean sat down at lunch that Monday.
Even though they shared a cabin now, and Dean came back to him every night, there was still so much distance between them. They had shared that one night, hurried and awkward, under the threat of imminent death. Now, with the existential Croat threat gone, at least for now, it seems like Dean only saw him as a kid again. He held him so delicately, like he was made of paper instead of flesh. He pulled back when Cas tried to deepen their kisses, which were few and far between. Dean was busy, refamiliarizing himself with camp, and checking on Sam and Jess, who was starting to show. And he had to revive the wood shop, that was important, no one was as good a carpenter as Dean, and someone had to teach people the right way to make a Rabbet Joint. And he helped Benny in the kitchen, producing food for a hundred people took a lot out of someone. And it made him distracted. And Cas understood. But it’d been a week and the most action Cas had gotten out of Dean was feeling his morning wood poking him in the back. But whenever Cas ground back, trying to entice Dean into more than chaste kisses and cuddling, Dean froze, and made some excuse, and ended up in the bathroom. Leaving Castiel alone, again.
"And you've been fighting tooth and nail since, your family forming a tight band,"
“Considering we lack some essential supplies at the moment,” Dean paused his journey just above Cas’s pelvic bone, “we’ll have to skip the main event for now.”
“Dean,” Cas mumbled, before pointing at his chest.
“I like our family how it is,” Dean said after a while.
“Says if he comes we’ll have the cops after us, cuz he’s underage,” Dean choked out, tears spilling down his face.
“So, John’s at the shop, he’s gonna be there til close at 6,” Dean hummed, his fingers grazing Cas’s knee.
“Maybe next time I could fuck you,” Cas murmered.
“But, but you didn’t get any condoms.”
“That’s noble. I resolve to get into Lisa’s pants,” Dean said.
Dean shook his head. He didn’t need a dork like Castiel ruining his junior year at a new high school. This was his chance to make a name for himself, no one needed to know he’s related to the bible thumping freak. Dean waved his hand as John drove off, and then wheeled on Castiel.
“They don’t use an EMF in Stranger Things,” Ed whined, but Charlie was already crossing the room.
By the time the actual party rolled around, Dean was almost too exhausted to enjoy it. Dean tried to relax, they didn’t have parties often. All the noise and light put a target on their little home, but every now and then the risk was worth it.  He had a pleasant buzz, Benny and some of the women had a small band playing with salvaged instruments, and Jane was making eyes at him over the bonfire. He let her take a seat on his lap, and she took the opportunity to attach her mouth to his neck. He laughed, the bootleg liquor warm in his belly, and Jane, a warm body in his arms. He closed his eyes, trying to stir up some happiness. When he opened his eyes again, he saw, out of the corner of his eye, a scruffy head retreating from the bonfire.
“Ok first, any human with a pulse has a crush on Bloom. I’m like, 90% sure I’m a lesbian and I still dream about Legolas.”
