He contracts rhythmically, his pelvic muscles massaging his Alpha’s cock in an attempt to squeeze every bit of spend from him. And Steve, Steve rewards him with a feral groan that comes out like a growl, cock exploding in hot streams of come, painting Tony’s insides.
The initial bonding process was important. He needed to be as intimate with Tony as possible in order to stimulate Tony to produce the hormones necessary to strengthen the bond. Already he’s been too far apart from his mate in the efforts he made to explain the new normal to his teammates.
“All right, so what’s next?” he asks.
“Iron Man, we got him, just like you said.” Which is perfect, because he’s got the attention of the flying whale again, the creature rippling madly through the air behind him, shredding cars and anything in its path to get to Tony.
They’re all silent, grieving, as Steve begins to shake Tony less gently, imploring his lover to wake up, to come back.
The heat lasts for days. Longer, far longer than a normal heat. Tony has a lot of catch up to do with his body. Tony is propped up by pillows from his nest, his body in perfect lordosis. Steve perches on the bed behind him, one knee sunk into the mattress, pulling Tony to the side. He rights Tony, a hand moving his leg up to compensate.
He presses into his lover’s slick heat then, head popping inside as he pulls in more of Tony’s slick around his dry cock with a spare hand. Tony groans and tries to push himself up and off, but Steve sinks deeper, reveling in the hot glove of Tony’s channel.
“In every respect but one, yes.” Steve almost reconsiders his strict limit. Tony’s heat will be bad without an alpha, but omegas can go through heats alone. He knows that for a fact.
.” The alpha voice shakes him to his core and his jaw snaps shut. “
He rides the train home in a haze and hopes there’s something better waiting for him at home.
“Alpha, alpha please!” Tony starts to beg, and Steve’s fragile sense of control is shredded as surely as if claws had been dragged through it. He pulls off Tony’s neck for just a moment.
Slowly, Steve detaches from Tony, hot and slick cock sliding out from between his lips. It’s then that Steve swipes a gob of his own cum, and rubs it into Tony’s gland. It’s soothing, sealing the bite in with scent. Tony can’t imagine what he smells like to others, but right now he knows he smells perfect. A beautiful mix of Steve and him.
“Sit down, Rogers.” He does so, waiting for her next word. “Tell me about the three omegas you think are successful.”
“Which means he could stand to learn how to, yes?”
“Tony, that sounds invasive. Why not just take a break?” He’s trying to be nonchalant, but he’s anything but. He knew this confrontation was coming, he just hadn’t thought about how to navigate it. Tony is a whirlwind, and you never know where he ends up. Steve wants to embrace him, hold him close so he’ll stop spinning in the wind. The thought of Tony, grounded and his, sparks in him.
It’s probably his alpha instincts. Instincts he never knew he had. He realizes now that so much of being an alpha was never taught to him, because he had never been born an alpha. His mother was a beta, and his father an alpha, but he died in the war. If his father had any complaints about marrying a beta woman, his mother kept that to herself. As for Steve, he doesn’t see how he could be with anyone but an omega now, with anyone besides Tony.
“No. Inside. I want you inside me.” Tony’s eyes are clenched shut and he looks pained. Hasn’t Tony done this before? Steve tries to press in just a bit, but Tony’s breath hitches and he grunts.
“Move on from what? I’m still your CEO; I’m not going anywhere Tony.” She pulls the lines of the suit straight, looking back and forth to make sure it’s all on according to the rules of Pepper.
Finally, Steve can sense that they’re on the tail end of Tony’s heat, the smell lessening and the slick that Tony produces drying up.
“Oh, man. Stevie told me you could put a kid in a candy shop to shame with your whining. Should’ve believed him.” With grace, Bucky opens his body, his muscles loosened and ready to move at a moment’s notice. “Now, square up, kitty-cat.”
Sobbing, Steve takes him into his arms. He knows what’s next. Intimately.
It doesn’t matter that he wants to not think of Steve, ever. Half of him is Steve now, and it calls to him until it echoes and then reverberates back. Because there’s no part of him that’s untouched.
“So then don’t you think you should try that?”
“It’s closer to making sure Tony can do what he needs to get done without worrying, which sometimes is like babysitting, which—well, it’s not as bad as all that. He’s incredibly competent in the areas he’s an expert at, and the ones in which he’s not, he doesn’t bother trying to level up. It works for him, for us.”
“I see, still working on believing. Where’s Banner? Has he shown up yet?”
For a moment, he stays stock still, looking at the scene before him. This is something he will get to keep. To have and have again so many times in the future, Steve feels he will implode with the possibilities.
“I’d like to make sure I get Tony the best nesting material. Won’t that take some time?”
when it comes to non-humanoids—and makes for the door, tentacles looping around the handle and pulling it open.
Some Alphas avoided an Omega’s cock, but not Steve. Many of the times Steve had mounted him, he’d reach down, fingers twining around Tony. His resulting orgasm would reverberate, from his clenching hole to base to the head of his dick.
It’s futile, though, because this is
A thread of guilt intrudes on his conscience, because he also wants Bucky, and it feels like a betrayal to how he feels about Steve. But he can’t help it. Steve makes him feel a light, effervescent happiness, like bubbles in wine held up against the sun. Bucky leaves him feeling like he’s dying for love, like god for a repentant sinner. He’s no closer to making a choice than he was before this all started.
Tony scoffs, crosses his legs, tucks them up under his chin, and stares out into the military labs that put together the largest technological advancements of the modern age.
“I know this is hard for you, Tony. I know you and Steve had something special, meaningful. You were our best pilots.” Fury is so unflappable. The man’s hands are crossed in front of him as if this is just another day, Just one more meeting he has to be done and over with.
“Listen here,” Steve says, vibrating, “you’ll repeat those vows, and you’ll do them correctly. This is embarrassing of you. Have you no shame at all?”
When he goes downstairs, Tony is there and Steve breathes a sigh of relief.
The idea tightens his groin and twitches his cock, preparing him to orgasm once more. This time for Bucky, and Tony pulls his legs up and out just a bit so that Bucky can hit his prostate. Bucky gets the idea and moves his hands from the bed to Tony’s legs, bending him down even more, putting rough pressure on Tony’s rim as he does so.
“If you think I’m leaving this room, you’re a bigger idiot than you look like, Stevie.”
everywhere. He could do this forever, wedged between these two men that he adores. The solution to this entire situation is percolating in his mind, but he’s not sure if he’ll be able to get them to agree.
Tony is as competent with sandwiches as he said, and he makes a half one for himself, gobbling it down, before scurrying back to the lab. Steve could have asked that he make a full sandwich, or clean up, but so far he’s satisfied with the progress they’re making.
He isn’t mad at Howard.
“Um, you’re fired.” He mumbled. She stunk of alpha, which was unfathomably rude. Scent blockers existed, he wore them all the time, but the market only provided beta scents. Initially Alpha and Omega scents had been on the market, but a few instances where a beta had posed as an omega and somehow, someway, likely through religious means, managed to hoodwink Alphas into a legally binding contract, aka marriage, had changed that. The collective consensus of Alphas had been to do everything possible to ban Alpha and Omega scents from staying on the market. Not when Alpha autonomy and superiority would be at risk. Imagine a beta climbing the ranks that wore an Alpha scent. The horror.
“Are you going to disrespect my wishes now? Isn’t that what you always do?” Steve freezes, torn in pieces over what he’s supposed to do and what he wants to do. He hears all the advice he’s gotten in his head from the doctor, Natasha, the priest, and more.
Steve makes it to the room first, the buzz of his hair tipped a light brown from moisture.
“That’s not a life. I could see taking care of Tony, feeding him, loving him, being whatever it is he needs me to be, for the rest of my life. I can let go of these antiquated roles I thought I was supposed to take and just let myself feel, for once. Do you know how much I like taking care of him? It’s become the highlight of my day to be able to bring him something to eat. It’d be pathetic, maybe, but for the fact that I love it so much I don’t care. I don’t know when caring shifted from telling him what to do to enabling him to live the life he wants, but it’s happened, and it’s not going away. You can’t tell me anything in this world will be able to replace it, either.”
“And break his heart when he’s already falling for you? You may be doing a monstrous thing, I don’t know at this point. But you care for Tony, and that’s enough for me to not risk his fragile heart. A heart you will take care of, if he gives it to you.”
“I’ll help.” They work silently, not side by side, but close enough. It’s peaceful, and he has more of a chance to catch Tony’s attention. Steve isn’t usually this reckless, but the circumstances make him feel like he has no time to lose.
“Thank god it’s not a pinata then.”
“But JARVIS can release the aerosol through the vents and contain it to one floor, right?” Bruce asks, gentle.
“Bucky—” Tony doesn’t know why he’s protesting. He can’t think.
This is step four.
“Oh, well I guess I’m right and you’re wrong.”
“Yes, Fury-darling. I am an omega and you can talk directly to me given that I still have a brain with a mouth attached to it. It’s not like that disappeared with my designation.”
“It’s for a charity. Money for omega victims of domestic violence.”
the Captain is that what he says next isn't a repartee of an insult.
“I think, oh fucking hell Steve, I think I’m in heat! I need you, need you so bad, please, please, please, god, please, I can’t–”
His mind isn’t helping with anything as it replays the scene where Tony came at him and asked Steve if he wanted to knot him.
“Shh, Tony, let me take you. Gonna treat you so well. Mate you, fill you.” Tony quiets and waits for Steve to use him, take him, make him his.
Longing settles into Tony and he reaches over to grasp Steve’s hand.
good.
“Bless me father for I have sinned. It’s been—” Oh, he shouldn’t lie. He can’t lie. “It’s been about eighty years since I’ve last been in confession. I’m—I’m Steve Rogers.”
The police moved in at that point and started loading the bodies of the pigs onto trailers. Iron Man dropped down and started to help lift, and Steve shook his head from his thoughts and started to help as well.
“I’ll have what he’s having.” It’s not the greatest beginning to picking up a human, but Tony has long since discovered that many races may not grasp sarcasm or innuendo, but they do understand the base language of exchanging goods and services. Which means all of Tony’s charm is for naught. He always runs in cold and tries to come out hot.
“Hey Iron Man, are you seeing this.” Cap is in his ear, as if Tony isn’t the closest one to the giant opening in the sky.
Steve follows after, moving to drape his body over Tony. The soft fabrics of the bed squished against his right cheek as Steve’s thick hand came to press at his left temple.
Steve can’t imagine that Tony likes himself very much right now.
Steve sends the lawyer away and spends the rest of his time researching Tony, determined to get this right.
“Ok, buddy. Um, I’m very sorry I’m in your space, but you are standing between me and the other people. I’m not tasty. I assure you. I’m the stringiest of meats and I subsist on a diet of alcohol and cheap pizza.”
Tony pushes the tip of one finger in, reminded of all the times that Steve has done the same, delighting in fingering Tony until Tony had been a crying mess. He almost never has Tony finger himself for Steve, love and possessive instincts wanting to be the cause of Tony’s pleasure. Steve loves opening Tony, has spent hours before on the task, and like this—like this, Tony’s fingers feel almost alien. Nonetheless, he persists, pressing in and out, tugging on his rim and reveling in the idea that Steve is
to. He has to escape.
“Yes, he does. And that’s good advice. I’ll talk to him.”
“I think I hated the spankings most, and how Conall would always think I liked it on purpose, and how he’d—he’d have me after, whether I wanted or not. It was a long time ago. I wish he just would have done what he was going to do instead of making my body like it. Like he owned me. And at the time, I suppose, he did own me. Never came back for his property though, and twenty years later or so, I wasn’t his anymore. That was the first day I felt truly safe.”
“Drop ‘em.” He pauses in front of their agents, holding a hand up high.
There’s no solution that doesn’t involve death. He’s looked.
Is it so wrong that he wants more than a furtive handjob in the locker room? He doesn’t deserve it, but his heart aches for it to be more.
“Just couldn’t stay away?” It’s only Tony and Clint in the room, the former still pipetting various liquids into other vials before placing them inside some kind of machine.
“He’s signed an NDA to keep his identity secret. You’ll see him on the battlefield, Cap.” Lies like this come easier to Tony. It always makes him think of Pepper when he tells one, however.
“You’re taking this rather seriously. Do you like Tony?” Natasha asks.
Steve is tired. So tired. Mostly of Tony’s mouth and his sharp Alpha scent that permeates the room any time he’s near Steve. No one else notices it like he does: the musky smell of cardamom, black pepper and cedar, leathery and too-hot. No one else is affected by it like Steve is.
“I didn’t realize you knew everything.” Steve smiles back, bashful.
Their lips meet, and it’s so warm and silken that Steve sucks in a breath around Tony, drawing him in for more. Steve can taste the coffee inside Tony’s mouth, and the flavor of that and Tony is heady.
“Always, always inside you.” Steve slips out of his clothes with ease before he tugs at Tony’s pajama pants, hoisting them down Tony’s hips. His arms are braced on either side of Tony as Steve hovers over him, eyes searching Tony’s for permission. Tony gives it, willing every bit of his need into his eyes, looking to pierce that last veil between them. And when it falls, when Steve is here with him completely, they move in tandem, hands grazing over each other’s flesh as they harvest the field of their desire.
“It’s partially true. The part about Tony’s disappointment and how selfish you are being.” Her smile is cutting.
“Nothing about this is normal.” Hands fisted in his hair, Bruce looks a little green about the edges, his biceps rippling in size and shrinking back down again.
“Do you? Just because I ride your knot once, doesn’t mean I want you again. Can you live with that?”
The conversation between the couple picks up his interest again.
He’s laying there on the cold ground, covered in pine needles and feeling sorry for himself, when he hears shuffling in front of him. The noise is somewhere between him and the fire and he reflexively tenses, waiting silently for whatever it is to reveal itself.
“So this JARVIS, how does he work?”
“We don’t have to kick your army’s ass if we can just kick yours. So when we do come, it’ll be for you.”
“I think it matters now, Tony.” Steve’s voice was brittle, like spun glass, sharp and ready to shatter.
“Not for us. Maybe things’ll get better between you two, but you can’t ever know what it’s like to be us. To experience what we’ve had to go through and come out the other side. I’ll never trust an alpha again. None of you deserve that trust.” Trevor tightens his grip on his crossed arms, his eyes stormy with repressed anger.
“Those omegas, you knew them, back when?”
“Yeah, sure.” The suit blasts off, zooming off to wherever he came from. Steve doesn’t get more than a glimpse at the direction. All in all, an awkward conversation.
He’s staring at a plate of food. It’s lasagna, and he spent hours making each part of the recipe from scratch. There’s nothing better to do. He’s aimless otherwise.
“That’s all of what you just said!” This is getting out of hand. Steve’s motivations just happen to coincide with what is the most sound decision for Tony.
“Tony what can I do? Are you ok?” Steve is so gentle, his hands soft on Tony’s pained muscles. Steve is so nice. He’s always so nice, even when he’s being judgy.
It crowds itself over Tony’s body, the heat from its belly drifting over Tony’s back. He feels something wet slip down onto his pinned legs and his blood runs cold.
“What is this?” Tony gestures with the paper, searching Steve’s face in desperation.
“Anyway. Bye, lover. See you soon.” Tony flies off, leaving Steve to be found by SHIELD.
“I don’t either.” Bucky stands and offers his hand to Tony, not willing to be one-upped by Steve’s demonstration. It spurs Steve to get up as well and approach. They both gaze down at him, and Tony switches back and forth between their beautiful faces. This is probably the worst idea in the history of bad ideas, but Tony can’t help it. Wanting both of them and getting both of them has led to him needing to keep it.
“I’ve always been Hydra. And you could out me, but it’s your word against mine. Besides, don’t you think the world would be a more interesting place with Hydra in it, and you at its helm? With me?”
“No. He doesn’t want them.” She folds her arms over her clipboard and looks at him consideringly.
“Then you don’t have to.” The words are like pulling teeth. Steve cooked this meal for them, and it’s already getting cold. Tony should be grateful. Yet here he is, throwing Steve’s courtesy back in his face.
Steve tosses his shield at yet another pig and it bounces off of its skull with a resounding thwack, but doesn’t stop the beast from flipping its head at Steve, turning tail, and diving down an alley.
“Oh, you’re still tracking my every move? I thought we agreed to move on.”
And he does.
“I want to give you more, give you—anything.” Tony lets out a soft gasp as Steve reaches over and places a warm palm on Tony’s thigh, proprietary in its grip. He feels panic, like a rabbit that’s spotted a dog, but he doesn’t dare twitch or move Steve’s hand away. Tony doesn’t know what this is, why Steve is here and touching him, but he daren’t say no, or it could end, so badly does he want this.
.” With that admission, Steve got up off his knees, keeping his cock embedded in Tony, and
This isn’t happening. Thousands of scents, of alphas, and a fucking intelligence agency, a cabal of spies, happens to have the right one. The equivalent of Tony finding a soul mate, but for sexing.
“Oh, so you’re serious about a ‘conventional’ marriage.” Tony finger quotes the word.
“I can’t believe you. You just see what’s there on the surface. You’re not even capable of looking deeper at all, are you? Those ‘happy’ omegas you saw, you’re so sure of their being in the right place for them. You wouldn’t even know the first thing about what makes an omega happy.”
“Tony.” Steve says it like benediction, his face alight with hope and all good things.
“Mm, good alpha.” And holy mother of God, that should not do it for him, but it does. He swells with pride that he’s taken care of his mate, his husband. He wants to tackle Tony down onto the mattress, press his body up against the omega’s, and rut into him. Instead, he goes for another blanket to cover his thickening erection.
him. Steve whispers something in Bucky’s ear as they start to move, and Tony is so sickeningly jealous he can’t watch. How does it mean nothing at all, that Steve has touched him, fucked him, and yet it’s Bucky he’s walking away with it? Tony is never good enough.
Other names are swimming in his head, but he doesn’t want to look. Doesn’t want to know for certain that their lives were as sad as Brenna’s or Colleen’s.
When the pizzas come, Steve makes a plate and heads down to the workshop. The doors open for him automatically and once again he is lost in the beauty of Tony’s workshop. This time Tony is hammering away at something, his lean arms beaded with sweat. Steve never realized how strong Tony was before.
It does not help in the slightest that Steve is staring at him over the table. Natasha is huddled in on herself by Clint, who isn’t looking away from his basket. Bruce is lost in some world as he chews mindlessly on his gyro. And Thor isn’t paying attention to anything more than the food in front of him as he double fists his falafel. It’s just Tony, jumpy from the battle, and Steve, a silent observer who won’t stop looking.
“Omega bodily fluids taste better when it’s time for heat. I suppose to get our alphas to like it better. The more orgasms an omega has, the more chances for conception. In heat, the orgasms contract the cervix just that little bit to let a lot of come pass by. Sorry for the biology lesson, but I figured you deserved to know,” Tony says after a time.
Like it’s some sort of dream, Steve drops to one knee, gazing at Tony from underneath his blond lashes, blue eyes like the heart of a storm waiting to crest over Tony’s heart.
When Tony shows up to save Captain America’s ass, and what an ass it was, he doesn’t think it would be so easy. While waiting for the other shoe to drop, he watches the Alpha his father idolized through his mask. A little over six foot, the suit SHIELD has encased him in is bright and promising, like America, but not really that protective of the goods, also like America.
“And omega is practically a swear word in your book. Tell me, do you get put over my leg every time you say omega?” Neck tightly corded, Tony’s shoulders are tight, and Steve can hear how rapid his heartbeat is. He thinks that Tony isn’t aroused anymore, but whatever he’s feeling, it’s affecting him physically.
“Unable to comply, or do it at all.” JARVIS is silent, and Tony’s nervousness upticks.
It takes them no time at all to drive the slime to where they want to go. It doesn’t like being physically hit with anything, and it especially doesn’t like the repulsor blasts from Iron Man.
Steve
Even a hint of what awaits them is appealing. It tells Steve that Tony will be happy with him, that he’ll want him as his Alpha.
“All yours Steve, make me yours. Yours, god!” He doesn’t know what he’s saying now, but he knows he will die if Steve isn’t inside him. He’ll shrivel into space, a black hole eating everything he is until he’s nothing.
The salesperson comes back with a cloth that feels so soft and tough at the same time. Something sturdy with which to build the nest. Steve gets a few blankets and pillows of it in muted colors, along with the silk in pillows and blankets. They also look into the nest pads and pick out one with a firm base so that Tony can build atop it with ease.
Has he ever felt more alive? Steve is certain as he stares into Tony’s eyes, that he hasn’t. Under the soft light of the room, Tony’s eyes are as fathomless as an ocean, and Steve is washed upon the shore like so much driftwood. Steve has lived a half-life, a ghost wandering through the halls of his own existence. He slides back out to sea, afloat and too far from shore, where Tony is the only thing he can hold on to. It’s like Tony contains every secret of Steve’s that Steve doesn’t know himself, and Steve is losing himself in Tony. Steve is simply Tony’s alpha, and Tony is his omega, the perfect and equal compliment to him.
“You promised never to do it again!” Tony whines at his AI, captivating Steve with his already burgeoning sweetness. Alpha Tony sasses JARVIS with some amount of aggression. This halfway Tony is already more openly affectionate. Sweet, even. Steve sits down on the couch before Tony can see the swelling outline of his pants.
“What, anything.”
Steve walks over to Natasha and Clint, who are loitering around the Quinjet, waiting.
your best pilots. Steve is out there, and you’re not even—you’re not even looking for him!” How dare they abandon Steve. Steve. Who has been there for the program for years now, stopping almost every single Kaiju attack with Tony as though he was born to do it.
That’s the only warning that Tony got before he felt a hand dig itself in on either side of his marginal coverts and Steve’s cock at his entrance. Somehow, Steve caught his cock on the rim of Tony’s hole and got his head in without any assistance. Tony bowed his back, letting the quivering of his wings take him away into a river of pleasure. He floated on it, every inch of Steve inside and surrounding him. It’s like a massage, like getting fucked all over his body, like being turned inside out.
something to help find Steve, and activates the program.
“Just come to the tower whenever!”
But Tony knows better.
Steve quietly goes back upstairs, feeling like he wants to cry.
Things drag on like this for the week that they have off of their respective jobs, though Tony is working through it. Despite Steve’s best efforts, Tony destroys breakfast and dinner with what would be impunity, but for the fact that they don’t get to eat in the end. Steve ends up making meals for himself and stops helping Tony. He realizes that the omega needs to fail first to understand why it’s important to succeed.
“Respect what? Is the Omega being too uppity for you?” Tony bites back, hoping it goads Rogers to even greater heights of incandescent rage.
There was a conscious disconnect between the idea of his wings being erogenous zones, enough to screw with his sense of what’s a sexual touch, but the thought was now percolating to the surface of his mind and sending waves of frisson to every part of his body that craved Steve’s touch. His nipples, cock, ass, even innocuous spots like the back of his neck or the interior of his thighs are now hunted with phantom sensation.
There’s silence from the ceiling, and it’s such a human thing that Steve wonders if JARVIS learned it or Tony programmed it. A computer doesn’t need any time at all to think, he’s learned.
He’d ask where Steve was when Howard was laying hands on him, but that’s not fair. And anyway, the defense he gets now satisfies every broken dream he’s ever had about Captain America saving him. Steve has been healing his childhood one glowering stare at a time.
“Something like that. I’m looking for two women who would have been around here in the mid to late 30s. I have names, but not exact ages. Just looking to see what happened to them. If they got out, or—didn’t.”
“In his case, I understand. The best treatment would be you knotting him, but we respect his bodily autonomy.”
Tony starts hardening even more in Steve’s mouth, and he knows that Tony is getting close. He sucks more forcefully, not breathing in anything but Tony. Tony whimpers, a little broken sound, and Steve can see his head fall back, hair sweat-slicked to his forehead, the elegant outline of his beard tracing a well-groomed path along his chin.
Steve breaks.
I’ve got you, baby.” Tony chokes on his words as Steve uses his alpha voice and starts to rub him. It’s so similar to what he experienced with Bucky that his mind feels like it’s being turned inside out, and he’s living in a mirror world. At least, it’s like that until Steve drops to his knees.
“JARVIS tells me that something is going on. About me. And that you’re at the bottom of it.” Tony is shifting from foot to foot, his bare toes scrunching up against the floor. The look on his face is almost shy, and Steve feels his body heat. Almost. Almost there.
“I’m glad it’s me, too.”
“Want to see you cry, baby. Come for me?” Tony’s so sensitive, each time he cums, tears streak down his face. Steve likes to lap at them when he’s knotted inside Tony, and it feels like everything he is is being consumed. Steve sucks hard at his cock now, and presses his fingers into Tony, the squelching indecently loud.
Steve is at this, and how he’s not letting up for a moment.
“Tell me Tony, have you fantasized about this? About taking my knot?” Tony’s aborted breath is all the answer he needs. Yet, it’s important that Tony acknowledges this, so Steve lets the pregnant pause stay, waiting.
“Steve, please, I can’t wait, I can’t—”
“Official consulting hours are between 8 and 5 every other Thursday.” The unspoken message being, get the fuck out. Yesterday.
“I know you can, sweetheart.” The alpha kisses the top of her head and brings his arm up to wrap around her.
“Rules are made to be broken, by me, not you. Not Beth in operations who has a little crush and a hankering for HIPAA violations.”
“You do, and I’ll try, I promise I’ll try and be what you need. I want to be that alpha.” The delicate soap bubble of his happiness is threatening to burst, or maybe it already has.
When Steve wakes up in the morning, he wraps the sheets around his prone form, trying to get the last of his scent rubbed off onto them. It’s the day of the gala, Saturday, and he’s got his suit ready in the shower for steaming. It’s 0600 hours, his usual wakeup time, and for once he doesn’t feel like going on a run. He doesn’t want to leave Tony that unprotected for that long.
“What? I’m not sick anymore. I’ve had enough takeout.” Tony spins around to face him from his stool.
“Come on doll, you’re gorgeous. Show him what’s going to be mine. Here. I’ll help you.” Bucky gets on the bed and grabs Tony’s arms, hauling him back onto Bucky’s body. Tony would feel distracted from the heat emanating behind him, but for Steve’s eyes, which are soft and warm as they catalog Tony’s body. Tony scrunches up, trying to hide again, but Steve doesn’t let him, the other man carefully prying his legs open and petting the insides of his thighs. Tony lays suspended between the two men, Bucky’s hands holding his arms and Steve pinning his legs like a butterfly. He’s a raw nerve, exposed and waiting to be plucked.
“Oh sweetheart. As your Alpha guardian, he gave me permission to court you last week.”
“Sir, we have more incoming.” JARVIS’s warning is highly redundant, but he appreciates the effort as the HUD lights up with arrows directing him towards the portal once more.
“Tony,” he whispers into Tony’s neck. “My Tony.” If there was ever an illusion of escape, it shatters into glittering pieces, consumed by self-loathing.
it like this if Tony hadn’t been such a colossal fuck up.
“Oh my god I can’t take this anymore. I can’t take this. My body literally cannot handle the stress. I never know if you’re gonna, kill yourself—” Tony’s heart sinks to the bottom of his stomach and stays there, a leaden thing. She’s going to leave him, and he springs to his own defense in reflex.
Instead, he looks away from Steve, gaze hardening, fisted hands at his side.
“Strap him down then. Have some compassion for how we help him move on, if this doesn’t work.” He’s determined now. However this goes, he’s going to give Clint some dignity.
“Cap.”
Tony hadn’t known. Hadn’t realized. There was a level of knowledge, of the universe itself, that he’d been running from. Tony Stark was a coward; Captain America was right. Because this was bliss—completion. He knew now, and he could never unknow. No matter that serum that would make him forget, his sinew would twist and turn with this truth forever.
Steve thinks it’s sweet. But Tony knows that his wings are horny for the man and not on the down-low about it. Worse, everyone seems to know the truth but Steve. Admitting his wings are a barometer for his feelings was all but shouting that he has a big, fat, unrequited crush on Rogers.
“He has me. He won’t even talk to me but to curse at me.”
“What is it, sweetheart? You know you can tell me anything.” Steve is trying so hard for Tony. He’s rubbing little circles onto his back, pulling two fingers down as he frames the outline of Tony’s spine. He’s scrambling at the edges of Tony’s sanity, looking for a way in before Tony’s mind finds a way out. Tony doesn’t deserve him, and Steve doesn’t deserve a fractured alpha.
“It’s not your concern, Tony.” The both of them are as tight as a drum when it comes to the subject of whatever is between them. Neither Bucky nor Steve have given Tony an iota of a clue as to what’s going on. Tony can’t help but let out a long-suffering sigh.
“Shh, darling, I’ve got you.” Tony is free of his jeans now, his boxers with them, and when the cold air hits his hole, he knows he’s gaping and leaking everywhere. Does Steve like the way he looks? Does he want him?
“It’s ok, he’s with me. He’s looking for the omega records.”
“Have you asked Tony what he needs from you?”
“No idea what you’re talking about sweet cheeks. Money is power.” Tony gestures with his full glass of liquor, but Steve can see the small lines of stress line around his mouth and eyes. Tony doesn’t like compliments, even when they’re veiled as accusations.
“A warm light for all mankind… Loki made that jab at Fury about the cube.” Banner interrupts their bickering to bring them actual useful information, and Tony tries to back off emotionally from thinking about Rogers so much. Granted the man is likely going to piss him off in a couple minutes, but it’s worth a try.
“Dammit! My processor is leaking voltage. JARVIS, I think this thing has fallen prey to cosmic rays, the kind that do not turn you into a superhero. Why does hardware have to be persistently hateful?” Steve smiles as Tony kicks the side of the machine and continues mumbling, something about seducing someone on the compiler team.
“No, no, no,
“What are you doing, Mr. Stark?” Tony doesn’t think Nick ever changes his clothes. Which is unsanitary and also admirable that he somehow doesn’t even get anything on them, if so. Tony would have had grease stains on those in a hot minute.
Tony kisses Steve like he can’t not kiss him. He devours the very air in Steve’s mouth, licking into him, eager to reach teeth and tongue. When Tony finds it, he sucks filthily on the Alpha’s tongue. He wants to devote his whole mouth to worshiping Steve, and the very thought of licking the precum off Steve’s leaking cock before he buries it in Tony’s throat makes him shudder.
He feels the pop more than hears it, but hear it he does. Steve is not so much a fool that he doesn’t know what it is.
“God, you’re terrible at stories. I’d prefer to get laid.” Tony chomps down the moment he realizes what he’s said. His whole body tenses and he turns his head jerkily towards Steve, trying to take back what he’s just said with his eyes.
“And he didn’t invite me.”
“I should leave. Or the big green angry guy is going to come out. But honestly I’m thinking it might not be that bad of an idea.” Bruce’s response was expected. Being science buddies was going to win out in the end, Steve knew. Tony’s friend wouldn’t leave him when he needed him most, and Steve respected that.
“I don’t want to.” The indifferent face is back again, like he expects Steve to
Tony doesn’t say a word.
“At first I thought you were the kind of fella that was aimless, selfish. Given all these things and doing nothing with all of it.”
“Ms. Potts, I’m Steve Rogers.”
“I won’t go willingly. I don’t care what papers I signed, I’m not consenting right now. This isn’t happening.” His fingers had a death grip on the fabric of the couch, knees propped against the wooden spine of the furniture. Yet his body was all betrayal, and as Steve took a few tentative steps forward, he could smell the rut already beginning on Steve.
“Already done it. Thai for dinner.”
“Yeah, that’s it, beg for it. So gorgeous when you’re needy like this.” Bucky leans over Tony and his eyes glitter with what must surely be desire. Tony could stare into the depths of those eyes forever. The idea that he might get to flutters inside his breast like a trapped bird.
“Ok Nat, that pregnant pause was in its first trimester by the time you opened your mouth. So what’s the deal?” Tony is on alert now, and Steve feels a chasm opening up in his chest as he accidentally knocks the bowl he’s dumping ingredients in before catching it. Clearing his throat, he glances at Tony from underneath his eyelashes as he continues to add milk to the batter.
“Our system is more complex than Father Jacobs knows. We have a computer program that links up names and tries to match the church’s records to the omega network’s records here and in other churches. It’s a machine learning software, which, believe me, I didn’t understand what that was nor care until I saw how it worked. Now we can’t live without it. We’ve been tracking omega family lines for years and it’s just gotten so much easier now with this software. Here, sit down.” She gestures at an older looking chair. It’s orange, of all colors, with metal legs.
“That’s one. Do you really want to start your day off this way?”
He’s the earthquake, he is the greedy sea waiting to swallow him–
“I would never.” Natasha looks at him as if she is about to suggest that he would do otherwise, but something quells her into not saying a word.
“I’m not sick. I don’t need to lay down. I need to get to work.”
“You heard me.” Steve leans forward in the chair, the base squeaking in protest.
“Do you really need me to—”
He latches onto Tony’s neck like a man starved, teeth sinking into the swollen gland on Tony’s neck. Tony moans, throwing his head back. Steve can feel the tightening in his groin from how his body is trying to push everything possible into Tony, even though he’s already pumped as much as he can inside of Tony’s tight ass. With a violent shiver, his body spends its last, Steve’s cock swimming in warmth.
This is just one of the many things that SHIELD won’t be getting. Tony is suspicious of the now-cancelled Avenger’s initiative being a play to get him off the team when Fury had agreed to let him join.
, and they involve trying to help as many aliens as he can escape their shitty situations. But for now, his priority is their ship and whatever that Andorian can do for Tony to make it
They make it to the couch, and Tony awkwardly sits to the side with his legs crossed, back facing where he thinks Steve will want him.
On instinct, he punches against it, smashing his damaged knuckles down onto the surface.
“Tomorrow I’ll be distributing Extremis for free wherever I am. Catch me on Castro Street!” The cheer that goes up from the audience fuels Tony. He has to admit that he deserves the adulation of the masses.
“Tony is your superior. He’s our top contractor for everything besides weapons. I know what’s in his file, but I also know what’s not said there. When he escaped in Afghanistan, he quit making those weapons. Damned inconvenient, but I have to hand it to him, it was brave. He’s already gotten a lot of flack for being an omega and leading a company. This almost tanked him. He didn’t need anyone knocking him down any further.”
Tony himself is a crying mess, tears scrunched in the corners of his eyes, mouth hanging open as he whines and pants his pleasure out. Steve watches as Tony shoves his shoulders back into the couch to get traction for the pounding that Steve is giving him. It’s as captivating as it is unnecessary, and he hauls Tony down by his thighs so his ass is resting a bit off the cushion. It gives him a slick angle from which he can smash against Tony’s prostate.
It’s unimaginable to have been stuck in this tower for even a month, but this group of specialized people has been, along with a few hundred refugees from the streets. Keeping them all fed has been a problem. Even Tony has had to leave Steve to go out and scrounge for whatever is left out there for people to eat.
“Don’t mention it. Ever. I don’t know why I bothered.” Tony stalks off, and Steve, in the midst of feeling low from Tony’s words, notes the sway of Tony’s hips, the slenderness of his body through the loose shirt and pants that hang off of his bottom. He looks away. Tony may be his husband, but that’s not the nature of their relationship, and it won’t be. And despite Tony’s efforts to misbehave and generally be uncharitable, the omega did show up at his door, concerned. And nothing he said after belays that.
“This seems like it’s the first time you’ve ever been willing to use your influence to help Tony out of anything. I have every right to be suspicious.” And Steve realizes that Nat isn’t wrong, but this will be different. Tony will be different, and what they mean to each other will be both private and public. He won’t hide his affections for Tony.
, his hindbrain operating on instinct alone even as his conscious self reminds him that running is the worst idea. Bucky will catch him and he knows what happens after that. There’s not a single alpha who wouldn’t claim what’s theirs after a chase.
“Been there, done that,” Tony says, eyeing the bags with obvious disdain. “I can see myself through my own heat. What, do you think self-pleasure is a sin Fury? Like laughter is for you? Worse comes to worst, I can just burn in hell with the rest of the fornicators after I die. Look, just trust me—” He can’t actually see himself through his own heat. They haven’t synthesized a way to substitute skin contact and Alpha pheromones that could manage to sate an Omega’s heat.
“I never wanted to hurt you, but I always do. All I ever wanted was to care for you—”
.” Bucky’s alpha voice reinforces it so hard that it makes Tony jerk, shiver, and clench around the fingers that are still probing his ass, seeking out the last spasms of orgasm.
Steve is once again overwhelmed with information. He never thought that things were this bad for omegas. He should have known. He just had never felt like an omega himself because he’d never had heats.
“You would have? Taken me into you, swallowed me? Let me knot you, mate you, maybe breed you?” Tony’s eyes widen and he begins to thrash, just as Steve had intended. Better to get the fight out now. Besides, with all the squirming, when Steve enters him, he’ll be so tight.
The elevator’s movement doesn’t register, not really, with Tony. He leans against the wall, a sense of contentment washing like a spring shower over him. The doors part, slower than normal, and Tony opens his eyes, walking out into the next space Steve has chosen.
“You’re alpha, then?” Steve gestures at Iron Man’s gold and red plated form. Of course, an alpha would pilot the suit. He probably made it too.
“The fuck you know. He’s in me.”
“Yeah? Well get in line.” Hawkeye is rightfully furious. Poor dude got whammied hard. Tony shudders to think if he had been working with SHIELD from the get-go on the Tesseract, what would have happened. Loki probably would have won by now, and that’s not even arrogance. Iron Man is formidable, and the only person with codes to stop it is Rhodey or Pepper. Even then, the first thing he’d do is create a suit without any checks or balances, if he were under mind control.
It doesn’t take more than a few more thrusts before the electric storm coalescing at the base of his spine makes its way out of his body, spurts of come painting the towel on the floor.
“Morning.” Bucky’s voice is rough, sleep-worn, and it turns Tony on just a little. He wants to be reminded of Steve’s touch, but there’s something tense between him and Bucky, like Tony is prey, and Bucky is the tiger who happens to be in a cage with an unlocked door.
“Right.” Too easy. He steps into the elevator and lets the doors close behind him. It starts to move on its own, as he figured it would, and he can feel it going downward. To the gym? The workshop? The pool? He doesn’t know, and his skin jitters with anticipation as to where Steve might be. Now, he knows Steve won’t be there when he arrives. That would be too easy of a game after all, but part of him wants to race to the very end anyway.
“You know what part of that assessment is missing.” Fury said.
Steve prowled over, expression intent. He was out of Tony’s best dreams and worst nightmares. This man, this alpha, was going to take him right on the dusty floor. He was going to, oh god, he was going to bite Tony, bond him, intertwine their persons until there was no beginning or end to who they were to each other.
“I’ve always wanted you– Wanted to kiss– that impertinent– mouth.” He spoke between nipping kisses, teeth rough on Tony’s lips. Tony could only keen into Steve’s hot mouth. He would be so good. He promised himself. No more sarcastic comebacks, unless Steve wanted that.
Steve chuckles. “Language.”
The ceremony is done in a small room at SHIELD with a two-way mirror and a justice of the peace. Gray walls surround them and seem to enclose them in a muffled and stuffy manner. Tony is there, his back rigid with tension, neck bare and exposed. He’s in the same crumpled three-piece suit he was in yesterday, as if he couldn’t bother to put on new clothing for this.
“You will eat lunch.”
“JARVIS, buddy, I need you to do me a favor.”
“I need you now. Steve, I need you. This alien has done something to me, and my body
Steve wakes up as normal, patting Tony on the head before getting up to make coffee. It leaves Tony forlorn in their bed, counting in an unknown measure how close he is to hearing what Steve has to say for himself. The truth is as difficult to lay hold on as air. It’s squirming, unidentifiable to Tony, and he doesn’t know if he wants to see it or carry it. As if looking it in the eye will turn his life to stone.
He and Natasha push in their chairs and leave out the secure front door.
The repair lab is going to be thoroughly pissed at them.
“I do.” The Andorian taps his glass and gives Tony an even look. Tony isn’t deterred. Emotion isn’t something readable on alien faces at all times. Someone could look like they’re glaring at you and it turns out they’re smiling. He finds that he sometimes gets himself into trouble, but as long as he stays on subject and the subject is one that the other person has agreed to, he’s mostly safe.
“You have been. Such a good boy. Good omega. You want me to mount you, don’t you. Take my cock like a good little omega?”
Tony clutched his head, the dull ache of the poison doing what it did best. Ache. Combined with the feverish warmth of pre-heat that rippled across his skin and a whopping hangover, he didn’t feel connected to the world. Like Rhodey’s actions didn’t matter. Nothing mattered. However Rhodey attained the suit, it was best he had it.
Tony opens his mouth and cranes his neck towards Steve’s crotch instinctively, and Steve doesn’t prevaricate, but instead grasps his wet cock and leans in to feed it to Tony’s waiting mouth.
“Nngh– Hypocrite–” Steve chuckled into his pussy, vibrations setting off tingling all the way up to his needy cock.
Speaking of designations, Tony knew why they brought the Omega in. Omegas had bonding pheromones that engendered affection and provided group calming effects. She probably thought they were going to have a slumber party together, do their nails, and talk knots.
And when he reaches it, he grips Tony hard, slamming his cock in as deep as he can before he starts cumming. Steve’s cock shudders and jolts through Tony, undulating as spurts of hot semen fill him full to bursting. Over and over again he feels the sweet heat of Steve’s spend in his very veins, and just as he thinks he’s filled up, he feels the knot seal him in. Whimpering, it stretches him in the way Alpha toys never could, until Steve’s cock must be swimming in the hot liquid inside Tony.
He’s been holding himself up for so long that it’s easy to fall to his elbows, chest pressing down onto Tony. He feels something between them, something hard, but Tony pushes him back up and away before he can get a handle on what it is.
“I’m here for you, Tony. I’m always here and I’d do anything for you. You won’t ever have to live in a world of inconveniences. Not while I’m around.”
But he doesn’t have to admit to that today. Today he did one good thing in a long line of bad things he’s always done, and that’s a reprieve before he’s once again told he’s not good enough. He’ll take it.
The whurr turns into a whine and he feels the wind of an aircraft of some kind above him. Except it’s a metal man, hovering above him with arms pointed at the ground and rays of light emanating from his palms.
“So what do I do? What in god’s name do I do?”
Steve is unraveled, and he suspects that he’s brought Tony with him. It’s devastating, this closeness and vulnerability. Tony is his now, in every way that matters. The mark stands bloodied on his neck, and his cock makes a valiant twitch inside Tony.
He hears it as well as feels it in the warm breath that’s in his ear. The other wolf goes for his nape then, and it feels so good to be bitten there, that Tony immediately droops into compliance.
Above him are Thor, the Hulk and Steve. Thor looks bemused, and Tony isn’t sure that the Hulk could be considered to have facial expressions besides smash and hulk smash anyway.
“Ok, next.”
“Steve? Let me go? I told you both, I can’t pick. I don’t know which of you I should be with, which means maybe we should wait?” He’s not entirely sure what’s going to happen now. He doesn’t think he can take much more of this. Tony is unbearably aroused still, and he can’t help it. The sheer amount of alpha pheromones in the air make it impossible to think straight. The smells of fuck or fight on an alpha are so similar, Tony doesn’t know if Steve and Bucky are going to tear into each other over him or if they’re both going to take turns having him. From the way their conversation went, and how he’s able to see how
“And my experience says otherwise.” Steve knows that omegas are the furthest thing from an object. They’re precious, to be cared for, and guided to make good decisions. They have delicate constitutions and they’re not always capable of making the right choices.
It’s faultless; Tony doesn’t flinch or otherwise turn on Steve with a harsh and grating insult. Tony lets Steve’s groin pass unhindered near his ass, the front of Steve’s zipper just barely brushing the back of Tony’s jeans as he slinks by with the bowl in hand.
Steve holds his breath for a second before remembering to not do anything to worry Tony or make him think that he has any involvement with these changes. But god is it hard to not think that Howard turned his son into an Alpha. If the hormones were delivered early enough, Tony would never have developed reproductive organs, so there was no way to tell. Steve would never know, and it almost haunts him, but for the fact that it was going to be fixed soon.
“I brought lasagna. Your mom’s recipe.” Steve holds up the bag like a prize, his face like a rising sun, and Tony’s world immediately brightens. Always considerate, Steve sets up Tony’s lunch for him, and as Tony waits until Steve is finished, he thinks about how good his life is. Just as Steve opens the top off the steaming container of food and makes to sit down, Tony grabs at Steve’s belt and tugs. The movement spins Tony’s chair to face Steve, and Tony presses his face bodily into Steve’s belly, his arms slumping around Steve’s hips.
“Respectfully, fuck off. Look, if I am a genius asshole, I invent the uninventable—genius—, while I repeatedly verbally assault people in my personal space, and sometimes not in my personal space—asshole. I am a genius asshole. That is my way. And I may be misunderstood by polite society, but as a genius asshole, my dramatic tensions respect the standard semantics for adjectives and nouns. And I’m proud of it.” Talking was a way of avoiding the conversation that Steve wanted to have, which was one Tony did not need to hear.
“You didn’t have to do that. SHIELD could have had everything they wanted. Why?”
“Beg me to take you, sweetheart.” Steve hovers above Tony’s mouth, the words breathless and soft.
“I promise the latter, but not the former.” Bucky’s expression is wicked delight, and he leans down to peck a kiss on Tony’s check. Steve follows him, smile still pasted on as he plants one on Tony’s other cheek.
“JARVIS, resume listening.”
someone understands, before the man opens his mouth to speak.
Steve doesn’t expect Tony to renege on his word, not at all. But he knows how other alphas can be, now. He doesn’t trust anyone else.
Straddling Tony, he shuffles up to press his knees into the slots of Tony’s armpits. Taking his hand, he wipes off the rest of the drool and slicks himself up. It’s unnecessary, but it feels fantastic, sordid. He breaches Tony’s hot mouth with a single thrust, hand fisted in his Omega’s hair. Mumbling, Tony’s teeth gently scrape over Steve’s cock, but the minor amount of pain is nothing compared to the magnificent depths of Tony’s mouth.
“You are so close, yet so far. You almost get it, but that’s worse than not getting it at all. See, people like me, we make you. Without someone like me, you’re nothing. And if I wanted? I could probably figure you out and make a dozen more. That’s how unique you are. And with all that, not even you could stop what happened to Coulson.” It’s low, reminding Cap of who he couldn’t help. The man has a savior complex the size of his ego.
Tony doesn’t bother to hide the smile and the tears trailing tracks down his face as he finishes reading. He fans his face with the paper, biting his lip as he does so, trying to stop more tears from escaping him. For all that Tony is capable of having anything he could want, for all that his life is rich—after all, he has more money that he could ever spend in his life, cars abundant, an entire Tower filled with enough technology to satisfy him for years to come, the Avengers, his suit,
“It’s a stabilizing agent,” Tony says as he strolled on over. “—no hard feelings Point Break. Iron Man says you have a mean swing— It means the portal can open as wide, and stay as open as long as Loki wants.” He starts puttering around the display consoles, looking for a surreptitious way to stash his hacking device. Everyone has eyes on him though, so he causes a distraction.
He does it anyway.
“I wanted to talk.”
“Don’t think this means anything. It’s a natural response for omegas.”
Tony kneels on the bed, nude and impatient, snicking the bottle of lube open and quickly jabbing two fingers into the tight noose of his hole. He scissors himself roughly, not bothering to take any extra time as the Andorian doesn’t seem to want to either. The man walks over with his dick in hand and puts a knee on the bed behind Tony before clambering up the rest of the way.
“Not my bitch. But a sweet, giving Omega? Yes.”
“Oh, Stevie. You have to talk to him.” The devastated look on Bucky’s face causes Steve to look out the window of the diner towards the tower.
“Tony, you have to stop moving. Please. We’re looking for him.”
“Belay that, you may deliver the bedding personally.” Steve perks up despite himself. Tony changed his mind.
“I’m glad you got out. You deserved better.”
“I’ll have the new suppressant pills delivered. They should give you another six months. Pleasure doing business with you, Mr. Stark.”
“Tony, sweetheart, you’re so beautiful. I want to make a home with you. I don’t want this to be a one time thing—I need it not to be a one time thing. You’re the one I want to start a life with, and I can’t wait to share it with you. Say yes, baby. I
Even after their moment in the evening where it seemed like Tony cared, it doesn’t get better after their fight. If anything, it’s worse than ever. Tony still can’t cook, and he often needs to be dragged up for lunch, dinner, or off to bed. He swears only a little less and takes his spankings with as much stoicism as he can muster, unabashed at his arousal, and how much it bothers Steve. He gives a leering little smile after that looks more like sharp knives in his mouth than an invitation.
Steve will come back. There’s no reason to cry.
. Please. You can’t catch anything, can we just, can we please—”
This is fucked up. Tony has fucked up.
Steve can’t have that.
“Two.”
He runs and runs, scraping himself on tree branches and almost slamming into a tree more than a few times. The moonlight helps him see and he skids between trees as best he can, trying to run in a bit of a zig-zag instead of a straight line. His heart is screaming at him, his lungs scrunched tight to his ribs and aching for breath. Tony’s mouth is dry, debris crusted at the corners of his lips.
Soon he stands in front of the mirror, the marks on his skin alien without the scent of Alpha on him. He’s already thinking that the Alpha was just something that happened to him, like a car accident, or a plane crash. You get up, you recover, you move on.
As he heads home, he lays his head against the window of the train, letting the hardness of the pane become punishing on his scalp. He’s exhausted. Everything in his body feels like it wants to slither out of his uniform and into the drains that dot the side of the road. He belongs in the sewers, like so much trash. What he’s done to Tony is cruel and unthinkable now. Steve still believes that Tony shouldn’t be so promiscuous, or shouldn’t have been, but everything else? Omegas are not like he thought. He’d never realized that he’d been so sheltered before.
It continues like this for days, until Tony’s body is covered in bruises and his gland inflamed and red from how much Steve is sucking at it. Steve manages to keep Tony’s energy up by feeding him, giving him water and juice, and bathing him when necessary. He often licks at Tony’s battered hole to impart the pain-dulling qualities of his saliva, which is more a privilege than a chore.
There’s no solution that doesn’t involve death. He’s looked.
“Gosh, you really don’t get it do you. Brightest tactical mind of a generation and he can’t work it out. But it’s okay, I can help you, you fucking knot head. I’m an omega. Yeah. That’s right. Your teammate is a bow-toting, cursing, eat-ice-cream-with-a-fork-for-dinner-if-I-fucking-want, omega.”
He deposits Tony on the bed, and turns back to shut the door.
“I know I’m nothing compared to you two, and I know that I shouldn’t have much pride left, but this is beyond the pale, what you’re doing. Just stop.”
“Alright. I agree to the terms. I won’t try to escape the containment. But last thing, where the heck am I anyway? And why is everything so… different?”
“Eat your lasagna, Tony.”
“I’ve never seen anything like it, he has antibodies that are gobbling the virus up. It’s accelerating from an hour ago when there were fewer of them. He’s going to heal completely, I think. The virus is lodged in the nerve cells, but this could send it into remission. I’d give him something to stimulate the virus so it can be completely killed, but I think he’ll stay in remission indefinitely.”
“Fine, then I will teach you,” Steve grits out. It’s like pulling teeth talking to Tony.
Steve leans back to rest on his calves and Tony feels a glob of spit hit his exposed hole, which Steve follows up with a single finger, nudging at Tony’s furled entrance. He feels a sense of panic. There’s no lubricant here, or anything like it. Steve is going to take him dry and raw, and he can’t deny it scares him somewhat.
“What? What the fuck are you talking about? Let it go? If I could kill him without hurting you, he’d already be dead. And you want me to just let this happen? There has to be a way around it–” Rhodes is begging now, his hands clasped around Tony’s, beseeching for some sort of solution. There is none. Steve made sure of that.
“No fisticuffs with journalists Tony. Not even verbal. Don’t give them a reason.” Like they needed one. The press hounded him, especially about how his supposed Omegan tendencies made him unqualified to run a company. They didn’t come out and say it anymore, most days. But given the chance, they’d be picking through his garbage like trash pandas, looking for slick-stained sheets and heat-toys. Things Tony took great legal care to burn when he had to go off suppressants for his very lonely heats.
“I’ve always made love in the same way I go to war.” Steve admits. The idea is filthy in his mind, Tony smashed into a bed on his stomach, leaking cock pulled back for Steve’s purview as Steve laps up all the slick from Tony’s tight hole while his Omega begs to be taken. That is a battle he’ll win. Steve can’t wait.
“Plan B,” Tony says as he spots Loki standing proudly on his tower. He flies down, eying the smug Norse god loitering on his balcony. It’s a short jaunt into his penthouse from the landing platform, and he feigns arrogance as he walks in with his armor glinting in the well lit atrium. This is a mask he’s well used to wearing, and Tony has to count on it working for Iron Man as well as it does for Tony Stark.
“JARVIS put everything we got into the thrusters.” Tony knows he sounds desperate, and he rises off the ground in a shower of sparks and repulsor energy, blowing Chitauri off of him with ease.
Finally it eases up, and he watches Tony slump onto him. It’s euphoria now, his mind floating up into the atmosphere where he can barely breathe and the roaring of blood in his head is an endless river. He’s never known a feeling like this in his life. Never knew that loving Tony would be like this. There’s a hole inside him that’s slowly filling itself, a leaking faucet of comfort that drips into him with warmth and depth.
“Did anyone ask you? I’m taking Loki back so he can tell us where Mr. Stark’s Tesseract is.” The other man’s face darkens, the lines of his body stiffening at the insult.
Tony wonders if no one listens because underneath the suit they can feel the Omega vibe he has. Do designations vibe? Tony likes to think so.
“Rogers, I don’t want you to think that I don’t care about what you were trying to do. But you have to ask. It’s straight out of my childhood fantasies to watch you defend me from another alpha. It really is. But in reality, things are so much more complicated.” Tony looks at him, desperate for him to understand what he’s trying to say. Steve thinks he gets it. It’s Tony’s choice to deal with the world how he needs to. It’s Steve’s job to be supportive and focus on Tony, and Tony’s needs.
“I’ll be getting on board with them as soon as we’re done here. We’re going to get a handle on your life, stop these accusations about your impropriety in their tracks with your announced marriage to me, and from there we’ll work on rehabilitating your behavior to match your new person. You
“Maybe sooner, rather than later?” A magnet, Tony’s eyes are locked onto Steve’s, his mouth parting and nostrils flaring as Steve allows a single pump of scent to escape. It’s filled with heavy want, the kind Steve would delight in painting Tony with. The moment Tony can smell it, his eyes dilate into darkness, pinpricks of iris rimming the fathomless depths.
They walk down the halls together silently, and Natasha leads him to an unmarked closed door and gestures at it before walking away. Steve opens it and walks into the office, which is unassuming and filled with paperwork. Behind the desk stands Fury, wearing the same thing that Steve has always seen him in.
“Who am I kidding. If I want your opinion, I’d give it to you. Now suck. Whatever you get on there is all you get for lubricant before I fuck you. You should thank me.” Iron Man pulls out of his mouth, saliva dripping down Steve’s lips and over his chin.
“If Tony would just—”
“I’m here on Avengers business. I can come back if now isn’t a good time.”
“You can’t keep me in here.” There are laws.
“Well Tony, every time I almost die, I feel so alive. Why would I ever want to be more careful? So yes, I’m propositioning you. For more than just me. I want you to be part of Hydra. Our goals align, and I think you’ll enjoy the mayhem of taking over the planet.” Steve toasts his glass and gives Tony a sly smile.
The haze lasted for a few weeks. Hindsight is twenty-twenty.
“I do.” The thought of Tony in one of these shelters occurs to him, and he shudders internally. What would Tony say? That his husband restricted his eating, spanked him, forced him to do things with his money? Steve has done all those things. He’s just not sure anymore what a proper omega is, but he’s starting to suspect it’s not what he thought.
Not sentient, which would be a whole different problem to deal with, but smart enough that the police aren’t cutting it.
“Sir is in the nest.”
“But what if I hurt him?” Steve is no longer sure anymore what would make Tony feel pain. Tony is like spun glass, rigid but breakable. Fragile but strong. A contradiction.
His life since waking up has been a series of mistakes that if he could take back, he would. He owes Tony a thousand apologies. One for every minute he let Tony live like a veritable slave.
Tony’s arousal is fierce and comes on so fast that his cock stands out and points itself right in Steve’s face. Steve wastes no time at all swallowing Tony, tongue plastered flat to the underside of his cock. Tony can feel slick coursing down his legs, but Steve seems to ignore it.
“Thank you. I just—everyone is mad at me right now, and I only want to try and do the right thing. But what everyone else thinks that is, doesn’t seem to include anything that I would normally do.” The sense of relief that Steve feels that someone, anyone is willing to talk to him as if he’s a human being is palpable. He hadn’t realized how dehumanized he felt until everyone’s regard had been taken away from him.
“The Avengers initiative was pencil-fucked by SHIELD.” Tony meanders away, opening the binder as he walks over to his holographic terminal.
“So beautiful. You’ve always been a looker, even when you weren’t hiding how sweet you are.” Steve cracked a smile, before settling back into his heated, possessive gaze.
something. Like Tony has a place, and it’s by Steve’s side.
, let me go.” All he gets is a low growl that has him seizing up in fear.
“You’re mine, sweet thing. I’ll take care of you, I promise.” It’s so, so validating to hear that from Steve. God, Tony loves the man.
“I get it, yeah. You wanted to help. To be a part of something. And the world kept telling you that you couldn’t. Couldn’t join the army. Couldn’t have a normal life. Couldn’t help nor save your mother. And that got to you. It’d get to anyone. But what you don’t understand is that you’ve always been strong despite those things. The most important strength has nothing to do with our bodies, not really. It’s what we carry with us that helps us endure the hard times. And I think somewhere, you forgot it wasn’t about your gender. Do you think that’s about right?” Steve’s throat is dry and he feels once more like he’s about to cry. He’s punished everyone around him, every omega, for the fact that he felt weak. He survived Erskine’s experiment when he was an omega. It had nothing to do with his gender. It never did. His being alpha may have changed who he would be with ultimately, but it hadn’t changed him. What he’d done to himself, the things he’d chosen to believe, they were ultimately the culmination of every injustice his weakened body had heaped on him. And instead of being strong, Steve had broken, and began to believe something false. He felt so stupid. Craven, even. How could he justify this to himself any longer?
“I don’t know what you’re getting at Clint. It was an accident.”
“We all are!” Natasha snaps back at him after defending herself from Thor.
Of course, that’s when shit goes off the rails. And Tony had loved thunderstorms as a kid! The ship shakes from a bolt of lightning, and Tony just knows that it’s not a regular storm. When something slams onto the top of the quinjet, he figures he better let it in before it peels open the jet like a sardine can.
“I think Fury said something about team building,” Widow replies.
The suppressants would harm his fertility at this rate, but Tony wasn’t sure that was a bad thing since he wasn’t going to live to see the possibility of children. It would be about a year or more before the inflammation from a heat spent alone killed him. By then he’d be dead.
This isn’t the way it was always done in his day and age. Even in the 30s and 40s, Omega-napping was for the wealthy, or it was a watered-down version where the Omega knew what was coming. But Steve has always been a traditionalist. And deep down, he thinks Tony will appreciate that.
Once again, a conversation that should have resolved this between them, made better, has driven a wedge in once more.
It’s a marvel that he doesn’t slip into a seizure or otherwise pass out. Instead, he’s preternaturally aware of everything going on around him. Every prick of the needle and each hand that’s plucking at his extremities, removing pieces of the suit from him with blunt scissors and quick tears.
Steve sucks in a breath, his knot already deflating. He pulls it out then, not quite easy on Tony’s passage, the sting of stretching an echo of the pain seizing his chest. He’s just said no to Steve. To a chance at something more. He could ask himself why he was always ruining the things he loves—loved, but the reasons were transparent. Tony didn’t deserve this. He didn’t deserve to be just an Omega, but even if he was Tony, just Tony, to Steve, he didn’t think he deserved whatever kindness Steve had to offer.
, oh god. Tony lets out a tremulous sigh and groans. Steve was rubbing everywhere, hands buried in feathers and wrapped around the delicate bones of the base of his wings. So powerful, Steve could snap them off at the ends, but he holds them with such tenderness, Tony knows Steve will never hurt him.
“Well you’re here aren’t you? You’re trying? That’s more than our alphas would have done,” Tracy says.
“I’ll say something to him,” Natasha says.
“No, no, you watch, and you come when you need. If that’s now, I’ll knot you tight like you deserve.” Steve reaches and pulls Tony back to him, and Tony makes a garbled sound as he tries to hold it in. He’s rock hard, every slap of his cock onto his belly making it that much more difficult for him to hold it in.
“Please,” Tony begs. To stop or to make good. Bucky’s hands are like warm water cascading over his body, and he feels like an animal in fear, ready to snap or go limp beneath its keeper’s grasp.
“That’s five today, but in light of events, I’ll let it slide this evening.”
“I’m sorry, but I can’t let you do that,” he says.
In the meantime, Tony goes to unevenly chop some red pepper, leaving seeds scattered in the mix, and he adds them to the eggs, which are already mostly done from the high heat that Tony has left them on. The kitchen stinks of overcooked eggs, and as Tony tries to flip his makeshift omelet, it falls out of the pan and on top of the burner on the stove.
He goes upstairs, feeling leaden throughout his entire body.
“No, you are going to cook,” Steve insists.
Steve rends it apart, exposing Tony’s bare cock nestled in a thatch of wiry hair. He grasps Tony before swallowing him down like he owns it, sucking him in as though it’s air to breathe. The groans he elicits from Tony are a chorus for his performance, the sloppy sound of his sucking the only vocalizations Steve makes.
“I know a lot more than you think, but not everything.”
“No. No,” Tony says as he shoves at Steve’s chest, pushing him down to his back. Tony crawls over him, powerful and sleek, his face single-minded in its intensity. “
Steve rubbed his face, trying to wipe away something. Was it the way Tony looked? Maybe he should have gotten naked first. He didn’t want to disappoint Steve.
When Rhodey goes stiff and the bots start to move into position, he knows he has to lead them away from the crowd. Vanko is likely to try and cause as much chaos as possible, to prove… what? That the government should buy his tech or that local warlords should? Tony’s certain it’s the latter, as spanking a government weapons contractor in public is frowned upon in certain circles, and downright kinky in others.
The walk over to the garage isn’t tense, but it’s not comfortable, either. Tony has always existed in a unique middle ground when it comes to Sam. Tony’s inability to be at Steve’s side when SHIELD has been revealed as HYDRA had soured Sam’s view of Tony. Only years of exposure has led to the two of them falling into this special limbo where they respect each other, trade innocent small talk, and generally have a tentative understanding.
“Not when it’s not what the other person wants.” It’s interesting to watch Nat defend his mate like this. It had been Nat who had made the call that Tony’s personality was likely toxic for the Avengers. It had been Steve that had seen through the mess that Nat called narcissism to Tony’s crippling self-doubt and need for redemption, for worthiness. Steve could give that to him.
“I’ve always cared for Tony. I never wanted to hurt him. I won’t let you take him away from me now. He deserves better. Are you sure you’re good enough?”
“Inside, inside.” Tony grasps his hand and helps guide his fingers under Tony’s elastic waistband. Underneath, there’s warm curly hair, and Tony’s even warmer cock resting up against it. Steve reaches down and grips at the hardness, twisting his fingers around it. Tony cries out and Steve sucks harder at the gland, wanting him to enjoy this as much as possible. His omega is so pretty, writhing up against him. Steve wants this forever, his sweet pliant omega giving it up to his alpha. To think he had never wanted one for himself before. He’s engulfed with desire for Tony, and it sears into his skin, red hot and burning.
“I can’t eat that much!”
Forgiveness was a fickle thing. It’s like Tony’s head was broken in half. Rhodey took the suit, on his birthday of all things. He should have taken the suit to protect them after Tony was gone. But it was Tony’s suit. Rhodey shouldn’t have taken the suit. He could have stopped him, and that’s what he didn’t want to admit.
“And you’re the public now?”
There’s no one here to see. Not Steve, or SHIELD. Even JARVIS doesn’t have eyes here.
“Look, you have caloric needs that far exceed my own. I can live on coffee and peanut butter. When I can’t cook something, what do you think is going to happen? Hmm? I’m not going to starve. I already don’t need to eat much. It’s your price to pay. Besides, company luncheons are a thing. I’ll be just fine.” By god this omega is insufferable. Everything Steve tries to do, Tony finds a way to get around and make light of how important these behaviors are. A proper omega would clean, cook, and generally be amenable to their alpha. But here is Tony, defying all expectations right out of the gate. Steve is almost impressed if he wasn’t outraged.
“We’ve secured the perimeter, but I don’t think we should hold it for too much longer.” Hips were not supposed to lie like that, Tony thought.
Steve is touching him.
“Come on Tony.” He starts thrusting harder, pushing Tony’s legs up to his shoulders, trying to hit a deeper spot. It works, and Tony pants, loud and wanton.
And this life was his for the taking.
Tony’s jaw works frantically, his shoulders hunched around his head and pressed into the blankets. His eyes start to glaze with tears, and Steve sighs, resigned.
Good.
“Please bite me, bite me, cum in me, knot me–”
“So good, Steve.” Tony can feel himself getting hard, and amazingly, it’s like being doused with water.
“You’re not playing by the rules,” Bucky rasps in Tony’s ear, though his words are meant for Steve, Tony knows.
“‘Tony Stark not recommended?’ Which doesn’t matter, since Tony Stark doesn’t pilot the Iron man suit. But, really, how can you approve me, but not approve me? I got a new ticker. I don’t play Tony Stark when I’m Iron Man. I’m trying to do right by the people in my life, and even if I don’t have an Alpha, that doesn’t make me unstable. Designation-discrimination, I never expected it from you Fury.” Fury strolled leisurely to Tony’s side of the table.
“I can’t. I can’t! Please don’t make me choose,” Tony pleads.
This is ridiculous. He will not masturbate over this. But if he’s going to be stuck with it, he should go to his room.
“Where do you want this?”
“He’ll be out when we’re finished, pilot.”
It’s probably just a deer. Or an ambitious skunk. Oh fuck if it’s a skunk that would be terrible for him.
He palms the front of his sweatpants, willing his erection to subside. He thinks of Tony when he was sick, and his mind helpfully supplies that sweet-scented smell of heat for his efforts. He tries thinking of church, of his prayers, but instead, his mind shows him, Tony, kneeling in the confessional with him, mouth sloppy and open, his eyes half-lidded, the shadows of the screen playing across his face. It’s at that point his palm turns into a sure grip, and he’s halfway to jacking himself through his pants.
“Tony— ah god, so beautiful when you cry for me, so good. Gonna fill you up sweetheart—” Steve is barraging him now, the V-line of his groin slotted perfectly between Tony’s slick-soaked crevice. He can feel the powerful muscles behind him, working in a staccato on Tony.
“Ahoy, Captain!” Tony slides some more, and then Steve’s cock
Which is when Pepper comes to shit on things.
As he ducks around, dodging tentacles and other oddly shaped limbs, he finally finds what he’s looking for, the dingy exterior a siren song promising dubious clientele and even more suspect beverages.
“Here, let me help.” Nat starts going through the pile, rapid-fire, pulling fabric left and right. She makes three piles, most of which go into the first pile. “Ok, none of these.” She shoves the first pile away.
“Well, I could, but it isn’t exactly safe.”
Tony sits with his knees bouncing up and down in Fury’s guest chair while the man in question is prone behind his desk, fingers steepled in judgement. Of course, Tony starts to lean the chair back just so, eliciting squeaks, while he stares Fury down.
“No, you may not.
“Why? For trying to fight?” Rogers scoffs, the insinuation being that Tony wasn’t a fighter.
“I’d like to make it up to you Tony. I really would.”
“We’ll meet you back at SHIELD Rogers! I think we’re done here,” Natasha says. Clint waves at him, and Steve’s heart jumps up in his throat to think that things might be ok between them at some point. He still has to apologize.
They fly over the city, and Tony feels the love that Steve described for it. It’s their home, their people, in a way that can never be taken from them. They’ve defended New York and the world from the onslaught of aliens bent on destruction, and they’d do it again in a heartbeat. The love Tony feels emanating from his chest goes out towards this city and the people in it and amplifies what he feels for Steve and even the other Avengers.
“I’m not a good man, Edith.” Conall eventually hit his omega. Is that what he’s doomed to? The more he polices Tony the more likely it is that he’ll hurt him in some other way? Steve would have leashed him if it had still been the law. He would have been like Conall.
Tony’s body wants the surety of no escape.
God, it’s all over. They’ve told him. Steve should have given Tony the pill sooner. He makes his way to the kitchen and sits on a bar stool, back facing the entryway. If they’re going to come, he might as well let them shoot him in the back. He doesn’t want to see Tony’s face as he’s gutted by the truth.
“Yes, Sir.” Tony doesn’t ever remember programming JARVIS with disappointment, but that’s what he thinks he hears in his AI’s voice.
“Where’s his phone?”
for his desires. Did God say he was sorry for creating humans? No. God made promises to his people, albeit foolish ones. Tony is anything but a fool. Why guarantee deliverance when you can monetize redemption? Salvation by subscription in the form of Extremis.
“Judgment free, got it.”
“Since when do you genuinely care what I want? Don’t answer that, I don’t want to hear it.”
“Where’s Tony, if you can tell me?”
Tony’s legs come up, exposing himself further to Steve’s ministrations, and Steve smiles into Tony’s warm wetness, delighted that Tony can’t keep up his act.
that it means something.
Tony begins to turn around, but Bucky crowds up behind him and places his other hand on Tony’s opposite shoulder, both sets of fingers rhythmically squeezing at the muscles there.
himself spill hot liquid down his crevice and onto the sheets. Steve moves up the bed, cock glistening and stuck haphazardly to his thigh right next to Tony’s face, the knot still puffy and red. Tony wants to lick it, to taste himself and Steve, make himself useful.
“Tony, listen—”
“But you said—” Tony said that he had always loved Steve. Which in retrospect is interesting in that Tony has never acted as though he loved Steve and their marriage is only a few months old.
Steve feels cold. He’d been in the ice before, felt the touch of grime on his skin until it sank in and glazed his soul. This feels like shackles. Like steel armor that locks around him and refuses to let go.
“Sir, I have no information on Mr. Rogers’ whereabouts.” Tony’s body roils with tension then, thinking through every possible avenue of where Steve is, and coming up with nothing. Steve has left their home undefended. It’s unlike him.
“You’re so perfect and mine.”
At that Natasha walks back into the room, clutching a cup of hot cocoa.
“Now, the Avengers initiative. You don’t want me on the team, that team, but you’ll take whoever else and the better remnants of the Soviet Union, aka Natalie. I, the unrepentant narcissist, can compromise. I’ll do your little heat service. In regards to that service, I’ll scent what you have on file, but if nothing fits, we work something else out, and when there’s trouble, you call me. As an Avenger, not just for my technology.” No one was going to have the right combination of scents. They never did. He was as good as secured from ever having to do a heat with a perfect stranger.
“Is Tony unhappy?” He sighs, tries not to feel put upon and cornered. Rubbing the back of his neck, he waits for one of them to respond. They’re both looking at the other, Bucky chewing his lip and Nat waiting with a blank face.
“Why does that even matter? This is illegal.” Bucky finally gives in and speaks, waving his hands in the air.
Tony yanks up his pants, feeling disgusted at how much slick is sticking to the fabric. He’s filthy and feeling used. As Tony flips around, he makes eye contact with Bucky, whose eyes are hooded and dark with intent, watching him like a predator.
Steve takes some informative packets containing the statistics that Nat gave him. He thinks that maybe he should read each one again, just to see what he’s missing. This is grave. It’s more far-reaching than he realized. He feels he hasn’t learned anything about how to get Tony to comply, but he does realize he should have made sure Tony was fed and that he has proper socialization.
He unfolds the letter, hiding himself in Steve’s office where the lingering scent of the man is almost gone from the filtered air.
“Bring those wings with you.”
“I do mean it Tony, you’re amazing and I—I love you.” Steve feels the raw sensuality of Tony beneath him, how Tony’s pulse is fluttering inside his hot channel. The heat between them is scorching, and he feels that in the warmth, and he can’t tell where he ends and Tony begins.
“I’d ask you to put on that suit of yours, go a few rounds, but you’re too much of a coward for that.”
“So you’re going to do right by Tony?” Natasha asks then. She’s sitting next to him within arm’s reach.
“You know that’s the first time you’ve ever said please to me. I thought your mommy raised you with better manners.” Steve doesn’t know what to say. So he reaches for what he can.
“I’d ask if you’re ready, but, well.” Bucky tilts his head as his lips curl. Then he’s looking down at himself, cock in hand as Tony watches him guide it to his entrance. It’s a fat cock, thicker than Steve, but just a tiny bit shorter. It’s going to batter his prostate as effectively as Bucky’s fingers, he can already tell.
The reveal that an Omega had carried a nuke into a black hole would be trepidatious to most politicians who hovered in the moderate category for Omega rights. It had only been thirty or so years ago that Omegas could own property. There’d never been an Omega president however, or more than a few token Omegas serving public office. An Omega hero would be a culture shock.
But this is for the best.
He reaches Central Park and meets up with Black Widow and Hawkeye. Both operatives are sheathed in black and stoically silent, but Natasha, the Black Widow, hooks him up with the comms system, and Clint, Hawkeye, informs him of what the situation is on the ground. They’re trying to get the slime contained in a SHIELD approved containment unit. This is just a herding operation, as it doesn’t seem like the slime is sentient beyond its food search.
“Iron Man, I want you to meet Agent Natasha Romanoff.” Natasha, Natalie. There was no one but Tony to say I told you so to.
Steve is nauseated at the thought of older alphas taking advantage of young omegas. And even further repulsed when he thinks about what a betrothal means. If he hadn’t been so sickly, would his mother have betrothed him? He doesn’t know. He doesn’t
“That wasn’t what I asked.” Dr. Nowak’s eyes are sharp, and his voice is piercing as he asks the question.
“That was wow. I honestly thought these things were useless, but so far they’ve netted me you.” Tony is laying flat now with Steve still on top of him, and he’s never been more content, his wings not flapping around or otherwise being disobedient. If a good fuck is all it takes for them to cool their jets, Tony is going to get laid every day.
They go down to the parking garage, though it’s not the same floor that Natasha had used. This one looks private, and Steve can see all sorts of different cars lined up. They’re flashy, curved lines and futuristic angles.
This is how he finds himself having lunch with Nat and Bucky, of all people. Nat is calm, collected, while Bucky is a bundle of twitching nerves. The diner is mostly empty, and Steve briefly wishes that there were more people to create background noise for their impending conversation.
The tower is a wreck, and Tony can only imagine the budget for the city’s cleanup.
“Qualified? And what about you being a former weapons manufacturer who uses money to buy redemption makes you
“JARVIS?” He’s leery about the AI, but he figures he better get over it, since there are only so many connections to Tony he’s going to get.
Ty, whose hand had wrapped around his knot when Tony was all of fourteen, whispering promises that it would feel good, that it was right. The next day when Ty wouldn’t make eye contact with Tony was illuminating in the way fluorescent lights are. Harsh, ugly.
There’s an uncomfortable silence, no one willing to confront the reality that Tony did give it up to Steve, like he was supposed to.
“I am many things. Most of them you’ll never know.”
After that, Tony debuts his new security system without as much fanfare as he could muster. Yes, he went on the daily show, but honestly, the fact that he’s created an army of bot cameras that he’s connected to as if they’re limbs on his body should be news everywhere. No one has tech as half as hot as he does.
“This isn’t for your personal enjoyment. Calm yourself.”
change. Howard would have never let this happen if he’d been alive.” Steve thinks he’s getting a headache just imagining what he’s going to have to do to sort this out.
“Ok, ok Tony. I’m leaving.” Steve gets up and walks to the door before turning around to glance at Tony. Tony is staring off into the distance, not paying attention to Steve at all. He turns and leaves, feeling the sting of loss.
“Well yeah.” Tony gestured at his face.
As the screen comes to life, Tony sighs, relieved to finally be
“It’s not ok! What are you thinking?” This has to stop. He wants to say he’s not a toy, but he fears that’s the impression he’s made. And being called ‘baby’ just hurts. He would kill to be Steve’s ‘baby.’
He didn’t rent an Omega for fear of how he would act. But not doing so was making it worse. And if Steve had to hazard a guess, it was more about losing control than it was about the hormones themselves. Tony’s life was a cycle of exercising control to the point of losing focus and restraint. He opted out of so many of the options that might have helped him, he couldn’t help but act out. Steve knew Tony had trouble accepting help in any capacity. He suspected that Tony was afraid of what people might find out about him. Which was something he must have learned at Howard’s knee. But not even Howard was as prone to spiraling into poor decision after poor decision as Tony was.
“Tony. Answer me.”
It must be that Bucky was waiting for a ‘yes,’ because the next second Tony is pinned to the hallway wall, his back facing Bucky as the other man pumps his finger in and out of Tony’s grasping ass.
It’s nothing a vibranium shield can’t handle. Natasha and Clint are already there, the former using an electrified baton and her widow’s bites to short as many of the things as she can while Clint opts for armor-piercing arrows. He must have incredible strength to do a bow draw that packs enough punch.
“Stark, we have to talk about how we’re going to manage your reveal as Iron Man to the public. You should have talked to us before planning your reveal to the press.” Tony wonders if Fury likes having Captain America as his attack dog for Tony.
Tony comes grumbling up the stairs of his own accord at around four pm, and Steve lets him fiddle with things in the kitchen before he approaches.
Even this one time, this one moment of giving in, no matter that SHIELD had ways of making them forget, Tony would know in his bones he had given in. He’ll figure it out.
“We can lead a horse to water, but we can’t make him drink. Your responsibility is to yourself first, and even as Tony’s husband, you are not Tony. You can’t make Tony’s decisions for him. You have to allow him the dignity to fail if that is what will happen. And you have to allow him the further dignity that he may very well be right.”
screams in rage and loss.
“I didn’t—”
They go home, pull their sweaty and foul-scented clothes off, and they make love.
And oh god. He needs to hear it while he’s inside him. He wants Tony to beg, plead with him to let him go. He wants to see his Omega break when he realizes there’s nowhere he’s ever going to be besides with Steve. Steve needs it more than air, more than life itself.
“Rory, for Brenna.”
“Then what is this then?” Steve says, pumping out an intoxicating burst of
“Maybe I don’t really see the difference. Maybe there isn’t a world where you don’t make me want to see you suffer.” That’s all it takes before Steve empties himself inside Tony with a protracted groan. Steve presses in achingly slow as he spasms. Tony can barely feel it through all the haze of pain, but what he does feel goes deep into him. It stretches him and soothes the frigid air outside his ass with the cum that leaks out.
“Oh, she’s hard on you honey! But sometimes things are just that way at first, you know? She’ll come ‘round.” Edith had a great laugh, he remembers. She was always cheerful and helped out at church when her alpha would drop her off there. She would sing in the choir. He finds he doesn’t want her to know that the Steve Rogers she knew is the same person. It feels like he started a new life when Erskine gave him the formula, and he doesn’t need to go back to his old one.
It’s a clusterfuck of epic proportions, Aldrich finagling a personal meeting with Tony through one of Tony’s own board members. It’s before lunch, which Steve always brings in on Tuesdays, and it makes Tony watch the clock fastidiously as Aldrich drones on.
“He was doing his job.” Like a magnet, he’s drawn to talk to Rogers. To antagonize him.
He doesn’t really know.
“It’s a tacky name, but this is the best place to go.”
“He has enough fluids, but he needs bed rest, and proper food. I’m not sure what is causing the stress. You would know that better than I, but don’t let him get worked up. Get him what he says he needs and we shouldn’t have any more problems.”
Steve twitches behind Tony, and he can feel Steve’s cock stir against his arm.
The Andorian tilts his head at Tony expectantly, waiting for Tony to speak.
Since then, a lot of the agitation had drained from his friend’s body, like having a knot had solidified that Bucky would recover and become something of the man he once was. Steve was just happy to have his friend back.
“Hey!” Tony puts a finger up for silence at his big green puberty problem after the kid snaps at him.
“You’re not wrong. You’ve been a terror on my life since you’ve shown up. But you are mine. And I don’t let go of my things that easily. I deserve to have you make it up to me. I want you to grovel, and then I want you to make me feel as good as I need, because it’s justified after your behavior. You don’t get to get away from me. You don’t get to leave me behind.” Tony’s voice is a growl, and he’s taking steps forward, one after another, to stand tall in front of Steve.
“I’m not going to rat you out, since I don’t know exactly what you’re doing yet. Not today anyway. It would destroy Tony to find out one of the people he most admires has manipulated him this way. All for his own selfish purposes.”
Tony takes it all, feeling split open and raw.
“I had a handle on that. I don’t need you to defend me.” Tony is looking up at him with well-disguised upset. If Steve didn’t know what Tony looked like when he was pissed, he might not have seen the way Tony’s eyes twitched and his mouth got tight.
“Here, I’ll help for today.” Steve grabs another pepper and begins to cut, making sure the seeds don’t get mixed in with the pieces he’s dicing. Tony watches quietly, his eyes far away. Steve’s arms move in a familiar pattern of chopping, the knife in his hand sliding easily back and forth. The vegetal scent of the peppers reaches his nose and he inhales deeply, relishing that the future contains lots of fresh vegetables. Tony should be more appreciative.
“I’m not versed in technology, but I could be. And I’ll need a place to take him.”
As the light falls away behind him, he chokes for a moment. He keeps his eyes as open as possible so that he doesn’t look away, doesn’t let go until it’s time.
“Enough of this. You’re not to leave the tower unless it’s on SI business, and you’re done having unsupervised time in the workshop. No more sandwiches either. You
As if she can read his thoughts, Nat decides to speak up.
“So it’s like that?” Steve’s face was opaque and doesn’t that just make Tony’s raging paranoia go haywire. He’s done it now, ruined everything.
“We don’t get a lot of alpha interest in these sorts of projects. Why don’t you come this way to our computer terminal and we can start the search.” Aisling folds her hands together.
The tower is an absolute disaster, which he noticed the first time when they came to get Loki, but he really gets the idea upon second viewing. He sends the rest of the Avengers up the regular elevators, which are amazingly still working, as he boards his private elevator headed for the penthouse.
Tony slides to the floor, knees scraping the wall as he does so, and Bucky goes with him, the two fingers he has shoved in never ceasing at their movement. He shoves his hips out and back, pressing into Bucky’s hand, and Bucky presses right back, wiggling a third finger in without warning.
“Like what you see?” And there’s that voice again. The one that makes him want to pant and bend over. Which is how he knows that neither of them could want him. Tony is and has always been a slut. And sluts don’t get beautiful men who want to date them.
“Is not the right of claiming a joyous time?” Thor’s understanding is a given, but Steve is grateful. If Tony had not an ounce of attraction for Steve inside of him, no Alpha command in the world would have been able to entice the Omega to give a mating bite in return. In this, he knows he’s assured that while maybe this isn’t the way Tony would have gone about it, it was the right decision.
Steve intends to ensure that happens, no matter who Tony picks as his Alpha.
“Fine. A thousand a month is a generous food budget. After this, we’ll be eating in, and we’ll be eating what you cook.” He’s certain Tony is going to pitch a fit over this. But Tony surprises him.
“I do, I do. But I hurt you. How can you bear to do this with me? I’ve been so cruel to you.”
Tony reaches behind himself once more, grasping Steve’s filthy wet cock and lining it up at his entrance before sliding down, down, down, taking Steve all the way into him in one full glide. It’s like Tony is being poured over him and then everything in Tony constricts all at once, and Steve is gazing at Tony as the omega’s head is tilted back, his mouth slack with effort and pleasure and something like pain. Tony’s ass flutters helplessly around Steve, and it’s overwhelming.
“Any time? I might just take you up on that.” Bucky’s grin is all sharp teeth like he has something up his sleeve. Tony rubs at his neck, thinking of what it would be like to feel those teeth in a mating bite.
“You’re beautiful like this, slick and ready for me. Are you ready Tony? Say it for me.” Steve’s hand slid down Tony’s ass, fingers first, cupping his hole with the calloused heel of Steve’s palm before sliding down to ensconce his balls in his hand while his fingers gently squeeze at Tony’s cock. Steve kneels behind him, tightly coiled power. Steve’s hands are all over him, moving and pressing, horrible and wonderful.
“And isn’t SHIELD secret, as in shut the fuck up? Also your secretive purpose is for homeland security. Do I look like Captain fucking America over here? You cannot Enforce and Logistics my identity out of me, Fury.” The Director stared him down with hands clasped as if waiting for Tony’s attitude to abate. The Mark V has an air filtration system for its air filtration system. Which was great, because he could both not smell his own panic and knew Director Fury couldn’t as well.
The next day brings about breakfast, and Steve collects Tony from his bedroom to make it.
His pistoning hips then begin to stutter, the first sign of his impending knot. Steve keeps his pace punishing, plunging into Tony’s needy ass in an attempt to drive anything and everything from Tony’s mind but
“Oh yeah, that’s all of what you want, isn’t it
“Smart. But you come to me, for what?” Arms crossed, Fury looks like he’s on a throne, and Steve a small petitioner for a favor, or judgment.
“No. I haven’t. But he doesn’t know any better!”
Finally, after an agonizing half hour, the machine moves through its power down process and the locking mechanisms detach from both pilots.
“JARVIS, scan the cctv footage in the city of new york. Find him.” Steve’ll come back. Tony knows that. He has to. Tony needs Steve, and Steve knows that.
“I want to forget.”
, independent of its torn off lower half, and strikes once, twice, again at the window in front of them.
“Sir.”
“And they’re wrong. I’ll make sure they know they’re wrong.”
It takes Tony less time to wake up than Clint, and within 72 hours, Tony’s beautiful brown eyes open, and meet Steve’s, who hasn’t left his side for more time than it’s taken to grab a shower and food before returning.
Currently, we’re at 95,000 suicides per year and 1.3 million in attempts. Remember that attempts are better reported now, so you can assume in the past they weren’t. You should know also that the suicide rate for betas and alphas is only 47,000 a year. So what’s changed?” Nat looks at him for a moment, her eyes razor-focused on him.
“Uh, kind of been wondering the same thing about you.” Now Tony knows he has a smug look on his face. He’s practiced looking down on people in a mirror. You can’t properly make someone feel like shit otherwise. He hopes it’s working.
“He hasn’t won anything. I can take care of myself.” The announcement sends a cold shot down Steve’s spine. What is his pretty little mate up to?
Now it’s dark, and he looks around. There, through the trees, is the fire, its flames dancing merrily along, taunting him. Fuck. His head hurts. He touches his fingers to his forehead and they come away sticky. He’s certain that’s not pine sap.
up there, it always goes back.
He considers what he can do to convince her otherwise. Resistance was something he never expected to see. But he’s a strategist, in the end.
Steve is sucking again, licking and flattening his tongue against Tony, the soft, sensitive skin sliding so well. Every breath he takes smells like Tony; musky and thick with the sweat of sex. He presses down again, taking Tony all the way in, and listens to the man gasp. He keeps his fingers pumping, pumping away, as he presses his nose to the dark curls of Tony’s mons.
Tony defied that, and it almost cost him SI. He didn’t want it to cost him Iron Man.
grabbing Tony’s hair and pulling his head back as he treats Tony’s throat to a buffet of nips and wet kisses. He focuses on keeping Tony upright with effortless strength while panting into his neck, teeth bared and denting his skin ever so slightly. Like a blooming flower, Tony opens for him, letting Steve trail up to his mouth.
“46 minutes and 34 seconds.” Grumbling, he eyes up Captain America’s battered suit. There are several tears across the chest that only accentuated his prolific muscles. Tony couldn’t claim ignorance as to having seen Steve’s bare chest, but for whatever reason, this time it felt like he was stealing an intimate moment. Perhaps it was a trick of the light that Steve looked so defined.
“Yeah, gonna pin that up in the workshop. Jack off to it later today while I think about my metal cock, splitting your ass open. Maybe I’ll take a nice video. You always hate that there’s evidence, but you never stop me, do you? You like it too much.” Iron Man is right, as always. Steve is mortified by how he’s gotten here, and what
Fury leaves in a flurry of black cloth, muttering angrily to the elevator. They make eye contact before it closes and Fury shakes his head at Steve, disappointed.
It doesn’t take long before Tony is thrashing in Steve’s grip, and his omega gives in and comes, curling up and away from Steve just the slightest amount, his shoulders curving forward as a little whine emits from between his lips. Wet, hot stripes of come coat Steve’s hand, and he tries to cup at Tony’s tip so he can catch it all and leave Tony’s pants at least somewhat clean. He mostly succeeds, pulling his hand out to see the puddle of spend there. Instinctively, he laps at it, noting that it’s almost sweet, and it tastes good.
“You’re not leaving! I don’t care if you have Iron Man as a bodyguard, you’re staying in the lab where it’s safe.”
“Don’t do that again.” Steve is suddenly there, pressed into his space, cupping Tony’s jaw in his hands.
“Sir, have you thought about yoga?”
But it won’t go away.
The specter of just what Steve could un-accomplish for Tony weighs heavily on him as the minutes stretch.
“Steve Rogers, you flatterer. Keep talking that way and find out what happens.” In the sun, Tony’s hair shines with highlights, and his eyes sparkle with levity and hunger. Steve knows that desire is for him, and he hopes he’s mirroring it back to Tony. Maybe everything has burned down around them, but they’re still here, and there’s so much hope.
. I can’t— I can’t do this!” He wants out of this. He’s not playing these fucking games with Steve.
“For taking on Loki alone.” Tony shrugs and backs up, facing the Captain.
“I don’t know why I’m here, but I think listening to your stories has helped,” Steve murmurs, trying not to incite further censure.
The tower is silent when he arrives, and as he looks over all the modernity in it, he longs for when things were simpler. His mother would have helped him with Tony. Hell, Bucky could have probably charmed Tony into doing what he should. Now he’s just left with pieces of his shattered past and his uncertain future.
“Ok. Well. Relationships are about compromise. So let’s agree to disagree with the stupid shit you keep saying and I can be on my way.” It’s like waving a red flag, and Steve puffs up even more, arms uncrossing, his jaw so tense it looks like he could crack nuts with it. Of course that makes him think about Steve putting his mouth near Tony, but the idea of being chomped on shrivels any sort of arousal he may have had.
“Come on, let me go you giant fluffy asshole,” Tony says, growling to himself. He takes a deep breath and holds it tight. This whole situation feels unnatural, the light of the moon making the forest feel frozen in time, the eerie silence of the land lending to the timeless sensation. His thoughts are skipping everywhere, like a stone across a pond. He needs to get to the fire. He needs to run. He needs to get
When Cap lays teeth to skin, Tony’s toes curl up in a shiver, lust rippling out to each of his limbs. The man nips down his neck, avoiding glands and bone, sinking his teeth into the soft flesh there before moving back up to repeat the process. Tony feels tenderized, massaged into compliance.
“But Bucky—he’s right there!”
“JARVIS, delete project Alpha. Super-duper-serial delete it.”
“Oh step off the cross Rogers; how dare you judge me? This is my life. You don’t get to take it from me because Captain Morality disapproves of how I use it.”
Thor. Which is how Steve knows this is all could be a bunch of bull.
They sit down at the table, pulling in their chairs.
“Thor’s taking out a squadron down on 6th.” Tony is starting to slip from Iron Man into Tony Stark. At this point, he’s too jazzed up to be careful. The sweat is drying as fast as it’s pouring off him, but it doesn’t change that it’s hot in the suit, and tiring having his arms thrust forward in front of him. His biology is doing him no favors right now, as his whole body aches from the activity. Technically, he shouldn’t be doing this. With his heat so close, it’s straight up hell.
“Guess that wasn’t something I ever got to have time to come to terms with, is it? Wonder how that happened.” Tony doesn’t know if it would have made a difference, but he likes to think it would have. The rage he feels is incandescent. He
“We have to talk.”
When he gets there, he ravishes it, biting Tony’s lips until they’re puckered red and wet. Steve kisses like tomorrow isn’t happening, sucking the breath from Tony’s lungs and eating the ever-increasing moans that Tony is exuding under Steve’s ministrations. He grasps Tony’s jaw in his hands cruelly tight and pulls the man back and off of his lips.
He clenches and unclenches his hands. Steve is still somewhere in the building. He could go get him. He could run out and find his Alpha, tell him he didn’t mean it.
Sometime after Bucky came to the tower, he and Steve had ceased communicating. No, that’s not quite true. They did talk, with their angry glares, narrowed eyes, alpha fangs distended, and folded arms bulging with unadulterated rage. Which, they’re supposed to be the epitome of friends, the pedestal upon which everyone in the modern world sets their close relationships. Steve
He scoops it up, constricting Tony’s jaw with the other hand, pressing and pressing until Tony opens and he piles the cum back in before closing Tony’s jaw again, pinching his nose and waiting. The sheer panic in Tony’s eyes hurts him, but this is part of the process. Tony needs to swallow, to take Steve in.
to know.
It’s not technically a tranquilizer. SHIELD had developed it for use in interrogation. It hinders higher brain function faculties, leaving a subject able to walk and talk, but not much else. In that, it was deemed not as effective, because no one on the substance could access any of their most precious secrets. But it is perfect for Steve’s purposes. He doesn’t need Tony to make sense of anything for the first hour.
They don’t. They haven’t before, and they won’t now.
The slow expansion of his channel is bliss, and he orgasms again, his own cock releasing smaller amounts of cum than before. Soon, he’ll be milked dry.
“Oh god, Steve!”
“Yeah, you. I’ve had a crush on you since I used training wheels. And then I met you, and it’s only gotten more involved from there. I would have you any time, any place, any single way. God, Steve. Have you seen you? Do you even know you? You’re like the best person I’ll ever know. I will never deserve you, but that doesn’t stop me from wanting.” He pauses for a second and then flaps his jaw a few times in shock. “Shit, I—I can’t say I didn’t mean all that, but we can totally forget it ever came up. Please. Pretty please?” Tony makes to get up but realizes at the last second that he’s got a raging boner that will belay his sincerity. He’s so horny now that his balls and dick ache painfully, the need to orgasm pressing at the seams of his sanity. And then there’s Steve. Perfect, gorgeous Steve. Who isn’t running away or punching him in the face.
It’s not the end of the world if his team finds out, but the public will inevitably scrutinize his every action thereafter. Were the enemies that powerful or was it his unstable Omega nature that allowed them to destroy that building? Should an Omega be in charge of powerful weaponry? Perhaps the government should take it away, just to be safe. You know those Omegas; sometimes they need a firm hand.
“Ok Tony. Is there anything I need to do in the meantime?”
“The fuck you are. Give me what I want Steve.” Tony pulls out, and it’s more painful than when he’s pressing in, Steve’s muscles grabbing onto the metal as it slides out with a sickening squelch of lube. Steve hears the suit dismantle and feels the warmth of Tony’s cock press at his entrance.
“I’m your alpha. You should be informing me of your whereabouts. I realize I never made that clear, but I thought you wouldn’t be so foolish.”
It doesn’t take them that long to get everyone from the building. The fire department is there with its portable cranes and long hoses, sluicing the building with water from the top down. Clint doesn’t shoot him this time at least, but both Natasha nor Clint say anything to him on the coms.
It builds, and builds, Tony’s hips canting back to push Steve in deeper, until they’re one writhing animal that exists in rapture alone. This is for him and only him, someone he has earned, and his mouth waters with a desire to bite.
Tony’s drunk when the screw-crew files in. It’s in the evening, a sweet little dinner date in Stark Tower. And Pepper wasn’t here. But this super-accountant beta was, with his beta spokesperson, and their token Omega. Wrapped in neat little packages were white cloths, seemingly sterile, but truthfully covered in the groin sweat of alphas. And yeah, the sex-ccountant said it had just been a basic swipe over the glands, but come on, if given the chance, alphas rubbed their balls on anything and everything.
Nat shakes her head in exasperation and stalks out of the kitchen, her lack of answer sitting sourly in Steve’s stomach.
Now it’s a few months later, and he’s staring into the blue eyes of Tiberius Stone and tumbling down the sharp cheekbones to the white smile, to the ostentatious suit, to his Italian loafers. It makes Tony fold back into himself. Is that how he looks? Is he as sad and pathetic as Stone?
“Please Steve,
“His sins are his own, as yours are your own.”
It explodes and he’s tossed bodily to the ground, landing in a bus stop before skidding hard on the concrete. The HUD flickers and he stands up, dizzy.
“The things you say— you make me want to put you down Tony. Show you that your place isn’t as terrible as you make it out to be. And I think you want that too; you just don’t like the look of submission on yourself. But don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone, Shellhead.”
, doll.”
“All water under the bridge Caperoni and cheese.” He waves his hand and takes a tentative step forward. God, Steve is beautiful. In all his avoidance, he’d somehow forgotten that the man was flawless.
“I’m—I’m ok. Just got a lot on my mind.” Tony turns the shower off and makes ready to evacuate the building and his own messed up head. He’s got to stop thinking about them. It already feels like every fantasy he has of Bucky and Steve is a personal violation of their bodies.
“Touch me, oh god, please, I want to come so badly. I’ll be so good, I promise!”
Tony gasps as Bucky presses his hips against Tony’s, and he feels the outline of Bucky’s erection grinding against his crack. It’s thick, and Bucky slides it just so. As Tony looks forward onto the blank countertop, stunned, he can see his hands tremble. If there was nothing between them, what’s to stop Bucky from just burying it into him?
“That’s too soon.” Steve’s voice is strained. He wants to come so badly.
Footsteps echo down the hall and Tony gulps his beverage before hiding it beside the couch. Which is a good idea, because it’s Steve.
“You’re becoming Omega. I want you, as my mate. They think that I should be more interested in seeing you go back to being an Alpha than this–opportunity.” At Steve’s words, Tony’s whole demeanor shifts. His eyes gloss over and his lips part as he takes a step back.
The next day, Steve contacts Tony’s assistant, Pepper. The woman has a tight schedule, and she agrees to meet him for lunch for about an hour at a cafe near SI. Tony himself is in the basement again, music blasting, though Steve can only hear it through the soundproofing because of his extra senses.
“You know damn well why! Back off!” He meant to put his arm there, but it doesn’t stop the flare of instinct he has when the Alpha pushes him away. His Omega nature knows it wasn’t a good idea, but Tony can’t help himself against ass holes. He’s got to get in their hostile faces and make it
“This isn't a consultation.”
“He’s in every part of the tower, including your room, but only if you ask him to be. You can ask him for anything you need. He’ll tell you to the best of his ability. Like, you don’t have to constantly check on me in the workshop. JARVIS knows. Not that I don’t love when you bring me food, but sometimes your loitering outside the door gives me hives.”
“It’s in a couple of days, isn’t that close already?”
It doesn’t take long for Tony to give in and join Steve in the kitchen. He’s as drawn to the conflict as he is afraid of it.
“That’s one, Captain,” Tony croaks out.
“Pepper, let me out.” There’s a dull crash against the door, and it wiggles on its hinges, edges smacking the reinforced metal frame. Pepper is huddling against the wall, her hand clutched to her head, her shirt in disarray. He wants to help, but he isn’t sure if it’s his place and doesn’t know what to do. Steve also feels a pang of jealousy at the idea of Tony attempting to disrobe Pepper.
It’s hours or only minutes later that JARVIS alerts him to Steve entering the tower.
He doesn’t need
Tony’s kept up with SHIELD in the months after Vanko, unbeknownst to them. His infiltration is lazy, JARVIS glossing over the salient points of whatever SHIELD is trying to accomplish. There’s something in there about unlimited, clean energy, but the details are so finely wrapped up in encryption that he doesn’t want to alert anyone by brute forcing it. Besides, he’s about to go live with his own arc reactor powered tower in New York. Something he’d never give to SHIELD to reverse engineer.
Tony groans, the knot tugging at his entrance, and Steve reflexively presses his hips back in.
“So, do you think your gift is warm and wet enough for you? Your call, Captain America.” There’s no amount of spit that will make the rounded piece of metal easy to take. Steve didn’t have time to prep himself before he came here. Not that it matters; his body is like perfect elastic, always cinching back into place after a good stretch. No matter how many times Iron Man shoves his cock, his fingers, his
“Hurry up. You’re taking too long.” Steve lets out a breathless chuckle and obliges. With one finger in, he feels Tony’s ass quiver and clench around him. There’s enough room for two, and he slips another in beside it, the pads of his fingers glancing off the soft walls of Tony’s insides.
.” The way he says it is liquid sex, like all Bucky is thinking about is Tony.
At the end of the week, Tony looks ragged and pale.
He swings open the door, and there is Steve, in all his judgemental glory.
Steve follows Tony over, and Tony flips around on the bed, his eyes catching on Steve’s groin before widening. Steve stops in front of the nest and waits for an invitation, enjoying Tony’s eyes on his body. In a move that seems calculated, but is only his desire to present to Tony, he takes himself in hand and jerks it a few times, watching as Tony’s eyes blink and then avert.
“Mmm, sweetheart,” Steve whispers into Tony’s neck, right near his gland. He sucks on it, swirling the lovely skin around his mouth, trying to bottle the flavor in his memory.
“Ok, you get a maximum of five sentences to tell me all the ways in which I have screwed this up. And then you’re done, and we go to the clinic.”
Steve has to try again. He’s shaken by Tony’s display still, his mind roiling with the idea that Tony thinks Steve would possibly ever hurt him like that. Tony put starving and beating in the same sentence, as if Steve were capable of one and thus the other. Same with control over money. He felt out of sorts, out of control. He needed to have the reins again.
“Good,” Nat says.
Captain America was supposed to be the good guy, a bastion of self-control and righteousness. Seeing the man succumb to his baser instincts for
“Ok Steve. Run and be free little butter-cap-fly!” Tony waves his arms wildly, the doors popping open. It’s just Bruce and Tony right now. He steps out, flexing his back and shoulders as if they’ve been as cramped as he’s felt the past day.
Steve rubs at his fatigued eyes, trying to get them to at least feel like he wants to close them and rest. His burgeoning hard-on is an uncomfortable addition to what is already a fraught bedtime routine. But at this point, he’s not going to stop himself. Whatever his mind wants to come up with has to be better than contemplating his bleak existence as a ghost in Stark’s Tower when he’s not being an Avenger. His routines have become rituals to nothing, meaningless even as they sustain his reality.
“Tony?” And ok, he’d drifted for a second there. He’d rather be in a board meeting getting the side eye from accounting for wearing sweat pants again. Pepper knew he did everything he could to avoid mornings, but it was also the best time to get him to agree to things.
so he can have what he wants. But he knows, he
“So what should you do instead?”
“I– He’s not the kind to agree to what I want. But there’s– there’s ways. I looked.” Yes, Tony would fuck him, but that’s not what he wants. It’s not nearly enough.
“You’re perfect, Tony. You’re mine.” Steve says it, because it’s true.
“Ok, great. Now just walk through this metal detector and we’ll be on our way.”
But here he is, running away from the fire and his friends, his mind and heart racing with him, each slam of his feet on the ground pounding in time with his pulse.
“Why not?”
“Hello, I’m Trevor. This is Angela and Mary.” The male omega holds out his hand, and Steve, not knowing whether he’s bonded or not, takes it by instinct before realizing he should have maybe checked to see if the man was bonded. For some reason, it doesn’t hold as much weight in his mind anymore whether an omega is bonded or not, and if he should touch them. He figures the omega can decide for himself whether he wants to be touched.
“Yeah, like the accident we had in the field today, right? Just an
“He deserves to die.” Tony’s not even sure he believes that anymore, but he’s too invested in this outcome to let it go. They’re both too bloody, too sure in their positions to do anything less.
“And what did you think of the scents?” Besides Cereal-man, they were mind-numbingly boring. He could smell how milquetoast all of the Alphas were. Eau de bourgeois.
“Knowing he’s a good person isn’t the same as liking him.”
“Yes, Tony, of course.” Steve gets up and steps forward to take Tony into his arms, and the Omega folds in like he belongs there. Tony is warm, and he feels like home. Steve can hardly contain the joy inside him as he clutches onto Tony. His hands want to worship the fine lines of Tony’s body, memorize the contours of his lush person. He settles for griping Tony in an intimate hug that encircles his arms around Tony’s narrow waist. Tony responds in kind, his fingers digging into the fascia muscles in a way that would be bruising on anyone else. It makes Steve groan, and he lets it escape, lets Tony hear how much he needs him.
They swarm around Tony, hooking him up to the machines they brought with them.
“I insist.”
“He wanted the company to stay in your hands, right?”
His heart is so traitorous though. He wants Steve
“Don’t make me do this, please Steve. I’ll do anything. I’ll leave the team, pay for anything you want. For SHIELD. The team, they won’t let this happen, Fury won’t, and Pepper, fuck, Steve, god, why? Why me? I’m not made for this.”
“Stark do you hear me? You have a missile headed straight for the city.” Fury taps into his coms as a Chitauri uses the butt of its gun to smash Tony into the ground. Sparks fly as he responds.
Justin-fucking-Hammer and Anton Vanko. It’s not unlikely so much as too plausible. Even as the drones chase after Iron Man, it’s like they’re cheap knockoffs from alibaba.  Which, these drones are more annoying than a condom full of fire ants.
“Bite me, bitemebiteme.” His Omega begins to chant. It’s not something Steve had discussed, but he doesn’t need to wait. Tony isn’t going anywhere, but Steve wants his claim marked visible for all the world to see. The thought sends his orgasm rushing to his head. He needs to be locked into Tony, his desperation for it like a fist in his gut, driving him forward to achieve Tony’s orgasm first.
And then there’s Bucky, who, without so much as a by your leave, indicated his interest in the kitchen the other day. Which he doesn’t know how to feel about that. Bucky thrills him whereas Steve grounds him. Steve is sweet where Bucky is pure hedonism. It makes him feel guilty thinking about either one of them in a romantic capacity even though he daydreams of both of them on the daily.
But right now, Bucky wants Steve to promise to return the pills if Tony says no. And he can’t.
He can feel a phantom Steve petting him now, and Tony starts to purr just a little bit thinking of how gentle Steve’s claws are in his hair, how he strokes Tony’s ears—even the pink interior—and rubs at the base of them, so kind. And Tony
“Ok, well I gotta go Cap.”
“Look, can you just let me go look on my own for a bit. I’ve got the GPS unit with me. I can get back to the latitude and longitude. We’ll cover more ground that way.”
When he sees it, he’s thrown back to the time he visited the Royal Tyrell museum as a boy. They’d closed it down just for him. An ichthyosaur skeleton had been embedded in the floor, 75 feet long. The tines of the spinal column were locked in an eternal wave, the long dead creature making its final swim before having been encased in silt.
“Now that isn’t true,” Steve protests.
“Yes, 43 minutes and umpteen seconds–”
Pepper sashayed over, if nigh running in heels could be called that. A little late, but better than never.
Finally, he has to stop, and he turns around quickly to see if the wolf is there, whipping his head and craning his neck to see.
“Read on.”
” Tony pops off Bucky’s cock, unable to resist an alpha command. “There’s my darling. I’ll give you everything you need. All of it. I care about you so much. I’m so sorry for not showing you sooner.” Steve hauls Tony up and out of Bucky’s lap, looping Tony’s arms around his neck and standing up from the bed. Tony feels the open air at his back, and realizes that Steve is going to fuck him standing up. There’s something about that that makes him quiver, knowing about how strong Steve is and how much he’s wanted the man ever since he met him on the Quinjet. Steve is so
Hope you enjoy!
A terrible read on the room is not. This was supposed to be fun.
“Are you even listening? The implications of this virus are off the charts of what’s known about healing and even immortality. Think of what we could change!” Tony’s eyes slide off the clock and back to Killian’s face. What he finds there is a poorly hidden condescension and the sensation that Aldrich is proving something to himself as he’s talking to Tony. Tony wants no part of any of it.
“You would hold someone against their will?”
Slowly, slowly it nuzzles down his back, sniffing and huffing at his body, until it reaches his boxers. He feels its nose dig around, and he has no idea what to think as the wolf bites at his waist band and
“Tony.” The suit lands and Steve takes the last few steps forward, embracing Tony in his arms, regardless of the clunky nature of the Iron Man suit. It doesn’t matter to Tony, because it feels like he can feel the love burning in Steve’s arms through the metal itself.
, that’s unbearably beautiful to hear out of Tony’s mouth. He’s Tony’s. He
“Gonna ruin you. Want it to hurt.” Oh god, it does. It’s fucking wretched. Steve is huge inside him, and oh so hard.
Tony. He’s certain of it now. There isn’t a way back for him anymore to be as alone as he was. There is only forward, and Tony being that future. He’s so selfish, he knows. But life isn’t as meaningful without someone to share it with. And it’s become Tony for him. He was so wrong about omegas, about Tony.
“JARVIS, blackout,” Steve says.
he’s not his baser urges alone.
“Oh god,
“So you’re here to get our stories, yeah? Well, I can go first, mine is boring. My alpha raped me. Which they don’t call it rape, do they? But that’s what he did. My parents strongly encouraged me to marry him at one point in time. And then later I strongly encouraged myself to leave and ended up here. It’s been hard, but good.”
“Take the helmet off. Take it off
“I’m sorry, but Nat, that book sounds like it knew what it was talking about. Tony is–” Nat slams her hands on the desk, her eyes flashing with fire for the briefest of moments before the cold settles in once more.
“Oh god, oh god, that’s it, fuck, baby, fuck me harder.”
Tony’s sweet little whine pouring from his scrunched up mouth, tears streaming down the cracks in his face as he takes all Steve has to give, Steve’s cock rippling through the already cum-stuffed passage.
“I think it’s time you all let me out now.” Steve hates how they talk about him like he’s not there. Like he’s just a science experiment. It reminds him bitterly of his USO days. The uselessness he felt being a trained monkey on stage.
“Very.” Steve wipes at his face.
“That’s three swear words, added to your total count of seventeen today. Get upstairs. Now.”
“Sir, you are showing elevated levels of Omgesterone, high blood pressure, and the reactor–”
“Oh yes, you do clean up nice Captain.” Tony circles around him, admiring every angle. Steve stays stock still, preening just a little at Tony’s inspection.
“I’m holding up.”
Now that he’s confronted with the fact that he’s going to see Steve Rogers, he, like a dog that catches a car, has no idea what to do with him. But he’ll figure it out. He always does.
“I’d like to meet him properly. We didn’t have a chance to be introduced before the attack.”
.” That sly smile transforms itself into the toothiest sneer he’s ever seen. “Like I would ever want your knot. If you want it, you’ll have to take it. Show me how much you don’t mean anything you just said. Come on. I’m no super-soldier but I think I can still tear you apart.” His words are vicious, as sharp as a paper cut and stinging wherever they land. Steve feels the warmth of Tony’s breathing on his neck and he shudders.
“–you’re being–”
It fucking hurts.
“His guardian, whoever they may be, will never give you permission, and you know that’s required before you make the attempt.”
Tony struggles to push his hips up and against Steve’s clothed erection, and Steve regrets that he has clothes at all. He attempts to shrug them off, but instead rips the zipper of his pants and puts finger sized holes through his boxers. He’s no better with Tony, forgoing taking his Omega’s shirt off in lieu of tearing it. His Omega isn’t helping with his constant movement, but Steve gets it. Tony needs it so bad, he can’t not move.
“Look, I’m just being honest. That excuses me from tact, right?” He’s not sure what’s going on, but he doesn’t like it at all. Steve looks too good on that motorcycle to be real, and he’s being nice to Tony. The world isn’t right. Maybe he died in that wormhole.
“Well as much as we’d like to be here to steward your alpha-breakdown, we have to go. You won’t find forgiveness here. You can’t just change your behavior or your thoughts on one aspect. You need to see that omegas are equal, and we don’t deserve, under any circumstances, to not be able to make decisions for our lives, even if they are bad ones. That’s our right. Do you get it?”
“Nothing has changed.” He assures them. Tony is still Iron Man. Inventions and sass will still flow from him as steady as the tide. There’s no possible way Steve could diminish his Omega.
, which you’re not capable of. You’ll inevitably disappoint him, and you’re already so good at disappointment when it comes to Tony.”
“You.” It falls out of Tony’s mouth before he can hold it in. Steve is good to him too, but this isn't like Steve. There’s something tense and hot between them, pulled tight. Steve is like drowning. Bucky is like being too close to a fire.
“Thank you, just, thank you for listening, for being there. I’ve been a selfish friend, and you’ll have to let me know how I can repay you. How I can be better to you.”
“Tony—”
“So you agree? Just like that?”
“I think I do. Let me show you what you deserve. You’re a good boy. My best boy.” Steve’s hand makes its way down and over Tony’s fly, pressing in until Tony gasps and jerks in Steve’s palm. Tony feels undone.
“I’m ready for this Bucky. We’re doing the right thing.” Bucky stills for a moment before reaching into his pocket and pulling out an orange bottle with a white cap, label dirty from being rubbed, and tossed around in pockets.
And Tony, well, he backs up, stepping over the log that he knows is there, keeping himself facing forward.
Tony is never, ever going to tell him what’s going on.
“–no, please, leave it, I’m fine–” He backed away into a slab of concrete where he threw his hands up in self-defense before crouching as Steve came closer.
“I would, if they had advice about how I can get him to cooperate. I don’t suppose you have any on how to get an omega to do what they’re supposed to do.” Steve picks at the side of his cowl below his ear. The hair gets damp and matted there, and he dislikes how it sticks to his head, slick with sweat.
And it was, but it wasn’t.
, Steve smiles.
There was no point in asking who the anonymous alpha was, because Tony was going to find out. He didn’t even care about going in blind. He would, and he’d leave a message for himself with JARVIS about who it was. They’d hit him with the serum that made you forget, but it wouldn’t matter. Nothing ever stopped Tony when he was determined enough. Then he could go back to filling his vast spiritual voids with tech.
“Scenting me? I haven’t been scented in over ten years! Not since my partner Edgar passed on. You are a sweetheart. She said you were trouble, but I can see you’ve got a good soul. But maybe I’m biased because you look just like some of the boys that used to run about in my neighborhood. Oh, the trouble they would find!”
“Hey, I am doing what any reasonable person would do! Cloaking myself in a wall of denial and pretending that nothing happened.” He pokes at the panel, not making eye contact.
“–don’t lie. I can fucking
They all bow their heads over Tony’s bed as they wait. His wounds look puffy now, the blood cleaned off by Nat while Bruce has wiped down Tony’s face. But they all know that recovery is almost a certainty at this point. If Clint’s progress is to be believed.
Warmth and desire flooded his veins, and he sobbed, overwhelmed.
Soon, Steve rolls them, Tony a preciously cupped thing between Steve’s legs, spooned against the warmth of his body. Steve reverently runs his hands along Tony’s flanks, fingers tracing aimless patterns up and down.
There are people who are alive and well again after all this time, and the tower is celebratory in mood, even with low food supplies and clean clothing. They know from there it’s going to be alright. It may take years to clear the planet, but they will do it.
“Oh? Well, what’s it about then? Your heat? Tony, have you even contacted—”
No, he can’t fall into the false belief that Fury is doing him a kindness. They’ll hold it over him. That was what SHIELD did. But it was something he understood, and could handle.
“I’ll show you the same
“Ok buddy, you’ve had your sniffs, now
“I hate you,” Tony says it like the words surprise him as they come out, like it’s a question, not a statement.
“In essence, you are already married, though the contract hasn’t started yet. It will be five years before you can have an uncontested divorce. Though you may be able to get out sooner if there is a question of infidelity on his part.” The lawyer taps at the papers with a solid-looking pen before shuffling them and pulling the relevant portion that contains the circumstances under which Steve may divorce the omega.
“Take all of it sweetheart, that’s good, so good of you.”
“Doctor Banner… Put down the sceptre.” As he looks at Banner, he thinks maybe the Star Spangled man might be right. Tony the Omega is selfish, self-interested, wealthy and spoiled. He hasn’t yet changed the world, or made up for delivering death to lesser developed nations on a near daily basis. Hasn’t made up for trusting Obie. For being so— so him, that not even Pepper would forgive his lies to himself and others.
to learn how to cook. I don’t know how, and I know I’m not good at it. I burn water. That’s how bad I am.”
It’s then that Steve grabs his shoulder with a hand, hauling him back to press Tony’s back to his chest, the other hand a perfect slot into the juncture of his leg and hip, pulling tight. The thrusts are short, shocking, no less re-making than they were before, and Steve uses the opportunity to tell him so.
Anger, like putrid bile, rises in his throat. He’s enraged at Fury, at this fucking bureacratic machine that has never cared for its heroes, at himself.
Steve tucks his cock back in then, and says nothing. His face is a wreck, almost like it was Steve that Tony had fucked. The shield is propped up under his hand, and Steve uses it to stand. His uniform is torn to shreds, blood dripping down his face and on the slashes of his arms where Tony has torn the fabric loose.
He catches Pepper out of the corner of his eye looking on in horror.
Tony stops in the middle of the entryway, looking down at the floor. He kicks at some invisible fluff there and looks up at Steve.
“You’re not going to find anything, likely. These forests swallow corpses.”
“We’ve been here for–” Steve starts.
“Trying to get me to admit that I like having you around?”
“Found a missing hiker’s tent once, but the animals had gotten to the body. Wasn’t much left. At least it was enough to make an identification. So maybe you’ll have some luck and find that!”
“I don’t need anyone to take care of me.” With his helmet off, he sounded small, pathetic, and all too helpless.
Steve doesn’t need any more than that. He comes once again, knot swelling up. It pumps out cum like it’s been promised that it’ll surely impregnate Tony. Again and again, he spurts, and when Steve thinks it might be over, another stream oozes its way out of his fattened cock.
“Phase 2 is SHIELD uses the cube to make weapons. Sorry, the computer was moving a little slow.” Tony doesn’t bother glaring at the man or telling him that if Captain Icicle had been here last night instead of freezing them out, he’d have known about phase 2 already. A stubborn ass is a stubborn ass, however, and there are more important things on their plate. Like cornering Fury on this, presenting a united front, and lambasting the idiot for thinking he could lie to them about making weapons. Something that Tony is sadly an expert in.
The door wheezes open, and he steps through into the empty hall.
In the meantime, Tony was in an untenable position. He could feel Steve at his back, pinpricks of awareness stinging his glands. Suppressants lasted twelve hours before they wore off. And while Tony was a reckless workaholic, he always made sure to take his pills on time.
Finally, he pulls out, and in a fit of possessiveness, he kneels on either side of Tony, his groin to Tony’s face, and offers his wet cock for the other man to clean.
“I’ll have Coulson deliver the stipulations tomorrow morning.”
From above, he hears an ominous mechanical humming that causes him to look up. The blue of the Tesseract stretches to the sky, peeling back layers of clouds like acid shredding a lab coat.
Pensive, he ended up looking out a window at the unkempt landscaping, couch to his back.
He hears, and it makes him mewl with pleasure as it scratches across his brain. The wolf doesn’t thrust so much as rock back and forth, and before Tony can even parse out that he’s spreading his legs for this
“Best is good. I’ll do that.” Steve is desperately grateful for something to do. A grocery trip won’t take all day, but it’s a good chunk of time.
“I’m Steve Rogers, your alpha.” He doesn’t put out his hand, because it’s rude to touch unbound omegas.
Things are almost completely back to normal again when Tony runs into Aldrich Killian.
The strings in Tony’s heart pull taut, the power and certainty behind Sam’s threat evident. But Tony isn’t a pushover, and never has been, even with this weird moment existing between them.
“Wasn’t a question.” And Rhodes was gone, leaving him with a smiling Pepper.
The difference now is that Tony is quiet, even obedient.
This is his life. It’s a good life.
“Just remember,” is all Tony says before he deftly unbuttons his pants and pulls his zipper down, pants sliding off with a soft shucking sound. Steve reaches for the waistband of Tony’s underwear and pulls, Tony stepping out of his garments, the pads of his bare feet smacking the ground. The omega is already beautifully hard, and Steve can smell slick leaking, scenting the air with arousal. Tony’s cock bobs once, and Steve seizes it in a soft but firm grip, milking it so a bead of precum surfaces on the slit, which he laps up to the sound of Tony’s groan.
.” Is all his fuck toy has to say before Steve licks his palm and grasps onto Tony’s weeping cock, jerking it roughly. A cry claws its way out of Tony’s throat, and his dick is spitting hot streams of cum over Steve’s hand and Tony’s belly. Steve bears down, pushing himself in as far as he can, until he can feel the slight strain of Tony’s ass clench around him.
The Quinjet lands at the SHIELD building and they all disembark. Steve hits the showers before he heads home, feeling wrung out and still so confused. He’s so tired. Tired of being the center of everyone’s scorn. Including Tony’s, still. Even after all the compromises he’s made.
The letter shakes in his hand. Tony breathes, controlled huffs of air, in, out, in, until he feels stable again.
Steve’s insides stir a little at the endearment, and he examines Tony up close. Close cropped goatee with a dark pink mouth and even darker amber eyes, Tony is pretty in a way that reminds him of Peggy. In all of this, he hasn’t had a chance to even think about her, and he frowns. Tony catches it, because he darts his eyes away from Steve’s face, and damn, he must think Steve means him.
Instead it was being sucked back into a childhood that had never existed, where he felt the simplicity of being safe and loved. Something that he’d never experienced himself, but somehow his body knew that this was the physical manifestation of. It was that first cup of coffee in the morning. The way it felt to put on the suit and dive off the tower, knowing he would be caught by the thrusters before ever falling.
“If he can be cured, what of the humans outside?” Thor speaks, the first time Steve has heard him say anything at all. They all look at each other, Steve included.
“No, you’re a good man who’s made a mistake. A bad, long term mistake that you should really look into not continuing anymore, but just a mistake.”
“Maybe that’s all you’re good for.” Steve pauses for an undetermined amount of time before he pulls his cowl off, and gazes down at Tony with now inscrutable features. He’s trying so hard to figure out what Steve is thinking while at the same time calculating his odds of being able to walk out of here with his several hundred-pound armor on his own strength, which he considers to be impossible. He has to get it off, has to leave this place.
“How’d you know to do that?”
He isn’t.
“You know, White Zombie of 1930s fame? Its sequel? Not ringing any bells in that blond head of yours? You really did miss a lot of culture. Don’t worry, I got you. I’ll bring some things for you to read shortly.” Tony starts to scurry off, and Steve calls out to him to stop him from leaving. Steve doesn’t want to be alone, he realizes.
It was here that Tony learned more about his own body than he'd ever imagined he’d know. Here, with Steve beside him, over him, in him, Tony devoted his body to Steve’s care.
The line is silent for a moment.
Steve takes the opportunity to suck at his neck before soothing it with a soft lick. Like a bloodhound, he goes straight for Tony’s glands, lapping at the scent producing organ where a mating bite would penetrate.
“I’m sure I’ll be fine.” Sometimes Rhodey thinks that he wants to get lost in the forest here, and that if he does, he’ll find Tony that very moment. And then they’ll find their way back, together. He lost sight of that fantasy being a reality after a couple of months.
“Marry me.”
It dissipates as if it were never there. As if it was always there and Tony grasping it is like falling, sliding down, down into a vat of
So Steve had to watch as Tony’s eyes rolled up and back, his mouth gaping open as his limbs tightened and twitched in turns. Drool tracked its way down Tony’s face, and Steve couldn’t help but wipe it up with a finger, trying to preserve some of Tony’s dignity.
“Sorry about the hair thing, I know you hate it and I shouldn’t do that. How about I get started on the pasta when we get back, and that should be perfect timing for you to have the wine ready to go in.”
“Good boy. Such a good boy, begging so pretty for it. Can you plead just a bit more, love? Want to hear you.” Steve is sheathed tight into Tony, the sound of his cock moving in and out loud and wet, like Tony is sucking him off. He stops spanking in favor of gripping Tony’s hips, kneeling on either side of Tony’s body.
“I wish you wouldn’t do this. You don’t have to do this.”
Now maybe Loki is in their heads right now, maybe not. But Tony can’t see why anyone should be listening to SHIELD or their operatives at all at this point. Fury is like the one eyed wizard in a fantasy novel, preaching about woe and all the variety of things that lead to a monocular life as a paranoid person. This time he’s blaming Thor. Thor, who apparently tore up a New Mexican town for funsies with Loki.
Nat and Bucky avoid him the rest of the week. Bucky isn’t even hiding the cold face he makes at Steve when Tony isn’t looking. The tower’s atmosphere is on tenterhooks, and even Tony is cluing in that things aren’t quite right.
“Yeah, yeah it is.” Bucky finally admits after a long silence. Hope blossoms inside, and the elation that fills his being brings along images of Tony. Tony swaddled warm in Steve’s bed, Tony’s fingers tracing Steve’s abs, Tony’s hot little mouth yielding under Steve’s. Yes, Tony was meant to be an Omega, with his doe-brown eyes and Ganymede hips.
Steve steels himself and agrees to admit to his crimes. Even if Trevor can’t find it inside of him to be forgiving.
He doesn’t know why he keeps coming here. He knows he isn’t going to find anything. With a sigh, he makes his way back to the guide, promising himself that this is the last time.
Steve growls. Tony deserved nothing less than a mate’s full devotion, not scraps from the table.
“Why do you always have to be like this Tony? Do you have any self-respect?”
Tony is so
“Sir.” A disembodied voice comes from the ceiling and Steve ducks slightly as if something might come swooping towards him.
something.
There were so few Omegas. So miserably, blessedly few.
When they were finally all loaded up, Iron Man is standing there with his hands on his hips, looking as incredulous as a robotic face can at the strapped down pigs.
Tony has eaten more, slept more, worked more efficiently than any time previous in his life. Sure, he’s not getting as much work done, but what he does is quality, and it’s making up for quantity.
He listens to the gentle sounds of Steve’s sleep as he outwaits the sun. He wonders what it could possibly be, and he invents reasons that are worse than the last, culminating in a twisted feeling that Steve was somehow conducting an impossible affair. Which Steve would never do, so Tony is left with no explanations that make any sense.
. You don’t want a drink? You sure? Well, since you know who I am, I might as well have one.” His bar is fully stocked, and he flips down his face mask as he heads over to snatch a bottle of the good scotch and a tumbler. This is a four-shot day he’s having, and he breathes the aroma of peat and oak in with a singular joy.
“You shouldn’t be. You’re always making a mockery of things. Perhaps if you spent less time coming up with your next joke, you’d be better trained on the field.”
“Checking up on my lessons?”
On the way back home he says two runs of the rosary, which takes up the entire time it takes to get home. He enters the tower with anticipation. He’s going to apologize to Tony. First he’ll make him a nice meal, and then he’ll bring it down, and he’ll say that he’s sorry. He’ll never lay a hand on Tony again and that he hopes Tony can give a friendship between them a real chance.
He looks longingly towards the fire and decides that he should try to go left or right to circle back around to the campsite. But the minute he moves forward and left, the wolf turns and makes to block his path, almost like he’s a herding dog.
“That’s unfortunate, but I’m confident it will change.”
. The man needs a lot of calories.
“Nunya.”
“This software, is it accurate? It just seems like it knew everything.”
“Suck me off, alpha.” Steve immediately gets down on his knees in front of the nest and crawls towards Tony’s groin. He feels powerful, like he can do and be anything for Tony. Hooking his arms under Tony’s thighs as he rests on his chest, he pulls Tony down just a bit to angle him just perfectly at Steve’s mouth. Tony squeaks as he moves, legs flopping open helplessly.
“I wasn’t ready. I was on the cusp of a promotion and another raise. My job was my life, and it meant everything to me. But David, he wanted what he wanted. So he cut off my birth control, my heat suppressants. I tried to get him to reconsider, but he wouldn’t. I tried to avoid him during my heat, but he was there, and I just… well, I couldn’t say no in that state. So I was pregnant within three months.”
“So I don’t have to go off suppressants, right? Right?” Yeah, he already knew the answer, but it did seem like they were out of options to give him more time, besides the nuclear one, which involved scalpels and a sympathetic doctor who wouldn’t look too closely at all the black lines spiraling out from the center of his chest. If he could get his uterus out, it would buy him another six months. Healing would be slow, but Tony’s life goals didn’t, hadn’t ever, involved finding a compatible Alpha anyway. Children were yuck, and the Iron Man suit didn’t come in maternity sizes.
Tony isn’t going to choose. There’s no possible way he can.
“About time. I thought I was going to have to wait all morning for princess kitty to get out of bed.”
“JARVIS, deactivate B5.”
“Are you here to do that Cap?
Tony steps out of the car, and he’s barely closed the door before Sam is off, driving down the street to his next destination. Tail flicking behind him once, the letter crinkles in his hand as Tony opens it.
But Steve doesn’t have time to wear Tony down. He wants him now.
Delicately, he begins to strip Tony. His Omega’s eyes are half-lidded, downcast, and watching Steve work at his belt, and then his zipper. Rocking back and forth, Steve has to help Tony lift his legs out of the pants, and then his boxers. His shirt is next, and arms floppy, Steve carefully pulls it over him, the hem catching on the reactor for a moment before slipping by and off.
Tony gasps and his entire gut flips around inside as he clenches down and lets Steve’s voice guide him straight into ejaculating. His cock twitches under Steve’s thick hand, soiling his pants and making him groan with how the waves of it crest over and over.
He wanders away from them, dissatisfied with everything. His parents are breathing down his neck all the time, and he just wants to
“We’ll talk. I’ll handle cleanup.” She stepped closer again, and he swooped her up into a hug. He couldn’t feel her hand rise to hold his shoulder, or rub her thumb meagerly against his armor, but it meant the world to him that she still cared when he saw it.
Tony is a stranger in his own home.
Tony showers in the bathroom that’s in the shop and throws on a spare set of clothes he keeps for when he crawls out of his workshop after these benders.
“And what happens to Anthony at that point?” He flips to the next page, the writing bleeding together as he tries to parse the terms of divorce.
“Thor’s right. We’ve got to deal with these guys,” he says.
Steve is brutal in retaliation. Cruel, even.
Now that Tony is in his life, he’s lost to thinking about Tony standing next to him, holding onto his bag, not letting Steve carry it. The brightness of Tony’s eyes that he imagines is something he’s only seen in pictures, and he wonders when Tony stopped smiling, stopped wanting to be happy. He knows that it’s related to the hard time Tony is having with everything, but surely at the end of it, Tony will recover?
“These are Tony’s rules. Please, we have to respect them even if they seem unfair.”
It’s brutal, and it’s nothing like he imagined.
“I’m sorry, I just, I didn’t know. I’ll look it up sometime.” Steve is embarrassed. Aisling looks down at him with something like pity and consternation on her face.
“You can ask. But he’ll be mine.”
want him like that. Steve picks himself up off the nest, looking down at Tony’s curled up body. Standing up, he realizes he’s wrinkled his suit a bit. He’ll have to hang it up in the shower with him to get the creases out. But it was worth it.
Steve continues his efforts to remove Tony’s clothes while Tony lays there in a daze, wondering how this is at all happening. Soon, he’s completely naked and vulnerable, slick coating the insides of his thighs while he tries to hide his erection from the two alphas.
“That I did know.”
When the woman steps in, his blood runs cold. The first thing he notices, the very first thing, is her empty expression, eyes unblinking, lips parted as her jaw hangs slack from her face. Her outfit is stained with splatters of red and it runs in rivulets down her legs to her uneven shoes; one of the heels is broken off. It’s the blood on her teeth that shocks him into action.
“You are so good, so beautiful. Look at you. How much you want this. How I want to give it to you. Tell me you want me to fuck you. Say it.” Steve’s hand rests on Tony’s ass, his thumb underneath a cheek, kneading into the slick-soaked skin there. Tony watches as he draws his hand away and sucks his thumb into his mouth. The thought of Steve tasting him, wanting him, makes him beg.
Steve would give anything to see Tony as a compliant, delicate Omega.
“Worth it? I barely have it at all when it comes to you.” With that, he decides to go all in on displaying his interest. Tony isn’t ready yet, and Steve will hold him off from trying to make good on any promises until the transition is over, but this is good groundwork. He won’t waste his opportunity. It’s only three more weeks. This is like throwing himself over a cliff. He’s done it so many times, but each time he feels the rush of the ground coming towards him. Sometimes Iron Man catches him. He hopes it’s true this time.
Tony expects the air to be stale and the furniture dusty, but the place is more like a time capsule. Rather than indulge in this blast from the past, Tony goes looking for suite 105, keeping in mind the code he’d been given.
He’ll use his behavior like a mallet to smash any existing crushes on those long, muscled legs, or delightfully broad back that Tony could theoretically climb.
No, the person that appealed the most, just happened to be his erstwhile assistant, now CEO. And it wasn’t her scent or her biology. It was the way she was protective of him. How she fought her instinct to wash her hands of the mess with Iron Man and stayed by his side through the many mistakes he’d made.
That’s not an Andorian.
“It’s like that Steve. I’m sorry. I didn’t realize that when you touched them it would feel so—so good.”
Steve collects himself. Tony’s threats are blaring in his mind, but he did come down here with intentions.
Tony wakes to a loud bellowing, the sun bright in his eyes while ashes play in the light. It stinks horrendously, burning rubber and other even less pleasant scents fill his nostrils.
And that was his reason right there; he owed it to Howard to rein Anthony in. He doubted that Howard would have arranged this entire thing if he knew what his son would get up to when he was gone.
He doesn’t track the time it takes for him to end up at Hammer’s festivities. What’s more important is landing on the stage and warning Rhodey about Vanko. Vanko, who isn’t settling for making new tech for Hammer. Perverse incentives: Justin should have studied them.
“Whatever it is you want Tony, I will give you. I promise.”
“The first person I’d like to harass is Reed Richards. He deserves a fire in his lab.”
“You know I’d suck you when your breasts are full and sore from too much milk. You’ll need me. And you’ll want me. Can you imagine that? Me licking these beautiful tits? Perhaps I’ll fuck them when they’re full.” Tony groans. That thought, the very idea of Bucky milking him, massaging his tender breasts, is sordid, but Tony wants it. He’s panting now, somewhere in between Bucky’s dirty talk his breath turned to little huffs.
“Tony. This is not up for debate. You’ll dump your stocks and look into lower-risk options.”
“I know, you’re right. But the way you are is enough to have made me unable to reconcile not having you for myself.” And Steve loves him. That’s the crux of it right there. Tony knows it now. How Steve couldn’t keep himself back.
Steve has been solicitous. An endless stream of protein bars have been held to Tony’s mouth while Tony sat in Steve’s lap, pinioned by Steve’s knot. The wrappers line the floor along with the empty water bottles.
“You may say things that you don’t mean, and I can’t hold them against you. I remember.” Steve starts to take his clothes off too, loosening his belt and unbuttoning his shirt.
When they make it to the ledge, Pepper drops away from his arms and shoves at the suit, at him. He steps back, the suit’s mechanised sounds a swish that sounds far away to his ears.
It’s shameful how badly he wants Tony, even when he’s sick. He’s better than this. He’s disgusted with himself.
“I’ll meet you in the Tower lobby in twenty. Don’t think this changes things between us. I’m doing this for Stark.”
“Then take me, and empty me of every hurt you’ve ever done to me and fill me with something better.” Tony pulls away the barest amount, letting his lips brush over Steve’s cheek as he tells Steve what he wants in a soft whisper of demand. That’s all Steve wants, but he just doesn’t know
But here is this wolf.
Tony is struck by the magnitude of what’s just happened.
“Of all the stupid— if you weren’t Captain Fucking America, reeducation isn’t the conversation we’d be having right now.”
His focus narrows, and he concentrates on making his orgasm small, to not give the Alpha the satisfaction of the rippling contractions of his channel. Hold out as much of himself as he can.
“And did you think of having him take a cooking class or helping him cook?”
The man was beautiful under the mask, and he couldn’t wait to see him out of it, where he could easily scent the man, if he wasn’t wearing a suppressant for pheromones. He probably was, but Tony could try for a whiff. Black and white photos of the soldier didn’t do him justice, even from the little Tony could see.
It’s not that he doesn’t want Bucky. But this is so far beyond his understanding of how this is supposed to go.
“Oh, get a little bit too hot for you Captain? Wanted to slap me with something else?”
“No, it’s not. You don’t know anything about us! We’re not these automatons who only do housework and cooking! Some of us can’t. Why can’t you see that?” Tony’s eyes look watery as he speaks, and he’s hugging himself, perched on the edge of a couch. Steve’s chest feels tight with stress. His alpha side doesn’t like seeing an omega like this, but he represses it.
“You.” Anthony flicks off his sunglasses, folds them up, and hooks them onto his shirt. Steve can’t deny that he’s everything an omega should be in physical perfection: well-sculpted features, soft brown hair, even softer brown eyes, narrow waist, and an omega smell that coils around Steve’s senses, rousing an embarrassing sense of lust.
“Maybe the world has a sense of justice.”
“Wow, it’s almost as if you had a template. Good job. Yeah, there’s something you can do for me, but for now, I forgive you.”
It pleases him to no end watching Tony devour his kung pow chicken laced with pill four, and he hums, contented, as Tony finishes off a few boxes of lo mein and orange beef.
“Fine. You had better, Rogers. The moment you don’t, the very moment, I will come for you.” Nat doesn’t bother paying, leaving Steve with three empty plates and a feeling that he’s just won the war.
The rest of the day passes as it normally does, with Tony in the workshop tinkering and creating.
to damage the structural integrity, didn’t you? Thousands of tons of concrete for our team to dig through, and demolishing the building was the only option Tony?”
“If it fits in the food budget.”
“Done! Bye!” Tony scurries off to the workshop. He should really call Pepper. Pepper is the kind of friend who’s there when blood is in the air. He needs that.
He comes hard, little arcs of sensation traveling through him, his cock pulsating like a vein in Tony’s mouth. At first he casts his head back, but then realizes he can’t see his beloved trying to take all that he has to give him. And it’s a sight.
He’s going to be so good.
When noon passes by without Tony’s arrival, he thinks that he should give Tony the benefit of the doubt. But as one passes by with no Tony, Steve knows he has to go to the lab and drag him out.
They’ve never been apart for this long. Not since they became one for their first time.
“Mine?” The choked out word is disbelieving, and Steve sees all of the tension and anxiety stifled in Tony’s body manifest itself into unshed tears.
“Yes,” he breathes out. And so much more. There’s everything that Steve wants to give Tony. His fingers, his cock, everything that Steve is wants to pour inside of Tony until he’s so full of Steve that Tony chokes and takes him in deeper. Lets Steve settle into all the private places Tony keeps for himself. Steve wants it all.
Steve’s mouth is rough, though he doesn’t use his teeth. He hollows out his cheeks and takes Tony to the root, nose pressed against the mons, nuzzling the soft padding of tissue there. Pulling off, he gives special attention to Tony’s balls, tonguing them in his mouth and sucking each one gently away from Tony’s body. It’ll slow the impending orgasm that Steve knows is coming.
“Fine, but you’ll eat all of your food here. One coffee.”
“I’ll believe that when I see it, Mr. Stark.” Tony had to hand it to him. In a twisted way it made sense that Cap was going to believe what he saw, not what Tony says. But it leaves a bad taste in his mouth nonetheless. He should be used to it by now.
“Is Nick Fury coming?”
, bright and free, and Tony has a moment to appreciate how far he’s come since the Avengers had rescued him from HYDRA. Tony laughs, too, and they watch each other for a moment, basking in their happiness together before Tony crawls off of him, offering his hand and assisting Bucky’s rise from the ground in a show of sportsmanship. Bucky’s long hair cascades in front of his eyes as he stands, and he flips it back with a flick of his hand. The smile stays on his face, kind and welcoming and special, meant just for Tony, Bucky’s best friend’s almost-mate. Warmth crawls up his body, from his toes to his ears, and the acceptance in Bucky’s smile is indescribable.
It’s over before Steve can blink, Tony pushing the last of the french fries in his mouth, takeout box empty.
“That’s enough JARVIS. Zero in on the Omgesterone. What’s up with that?” He stops his pacing before gesticulating at JARVIS in disdain at hearing the news. Steve feels his heart climb up into his throat and he steals a glance at Nat, who is eying him curiously.
