“No!”
He stood beside Sherlock, not looking up at him, giving him the privacy of his expression. He put his hand on Sherlock’s forearm. “I’ll be careful.” The words came out strong and clear, the unspoken ringing through them even more clearly: But I’m not leaving.
From the briefcase the hostage extracted a tufted cushion, placed it on the floor. She tugged off her boots and shrugged out of her long jacket. Underneath she was naked. She knelt slowly, solemnly, as if starting an important ritual. She sat back on her heels, head bowed.
Holmes said, “You were going to take this French medical school appointment to escape Sir Victor’s unwanted attentions?”
John dragged his teeth across Sherlock, scraping up the taste of him. He bit down and sucked on the side of his neck and his hips ground himself against Sherlock’s stomach, feeling the heat of his still-bleeding bite. He shifted so he could slide himself against that burning stickiness, the friction making him shout.
“Heal me and rip new ones, old boy, my Watson, rip me apart forever. Never leave me.”
“I’m a grown man, Holmes, with freedom of movement.”
She cut the pad of her dominant hand’s index finger and began tracing the scars on Victor’s skin. She didn’t know why, exactly. With her new bones came an intuitive pressure moving her gently and inexorably, a force that was in her but not of her. It marched in through the hole made by her grief.
Holmes spoke to Watson alone, actually turning his body away from Nithercott to face Watson directly. “Why secretly change closet doors?”
So many whu-whu sounds in that sentence. Watson giggled, then remembered what he meant to say. “I wish I could be like you. You are art, Holmes, all the pieces in the right place, all the right pieces, a perfect symphony of intellect, Holmes. And then, me.” He shook his head sadly. “You deserve better. You deserve more.”
Watson looked around at the rest of the congregation of upstanding and respected faces, wondering if any of them knew, either.
“The cuts were made by an artist. An artist is necessarily self-aware. This mutilation was not an act of hatred against Sir Victor. It was an act of self-hatred. Self-punishment.” He looked at the torn pectoral, then at the flesh bits spat onto the floor. “This was self-flagellation of the worst kind. This was her hair shirt.”
The overfamiliar description of companion, the unusually intimate touch, the dismissive tone -- the uncharacteristic nature overcame Watson’s rise of humiliated outrage. This was a strategy. Watson didn’t have to like it. But he pretended to, giving Jones a sunny, vacant smile.
As if there was a choice. Through one barely cracked eye John saw he was in the backseat of a limousine. Outside, fresh snow reflected cruelly bright sunshine.
Jones complied with a coward’s quickness.
Whatever he’d witnessed the Chemist do had driven Sherlock onto the needle. And now here they were, participants not witnesses. After he’d risked and sacrificed so much to keep John safe.
The man hanging from the angel, looking for all the world like the marble angel held him upside down, was dying. Watson saw the rhythm of the blood pulsing from his neck stutter. His eyelids flickered. Already the man’s presence inside the eyes was far away, fading.
Holmes shot him a look of outraged innocence. “Must I what?”
“Solomon Jones, Special Investigator Nithercott. Deliver us to him. Now.”
She’d killed him, her Victor, murdered him because she had no idea how to be good. And she let him die alone because she couldn’t not survive. She knew no other way. She was the Sultana of Blood and Pain.
Solomon Jones leaned forward, whispering, “Oh, thank you. Thank you, Victor.”
Leave it to Sherlock Holmes to play blase about being fucked by his best friend in bondage in the bite mark I made. John straighten his spine. “Well, you aren’t dead.”
“Were you Sir Victor’s only lover?” Holmes asked blandly.
“Mister Holmes!”
Holmes traded a wide-eyed, brow-raised look with Watson. “That’s so rarely the case.”
She wasn’t surprised when the blood stained the ground by Victor’s crypt and the doctor knelt over the one with the deadly eyes, pressing his hands to the wound with horror fixed on his face.
Jane felt boneless. Her mouth was open but that survival instinct rendered her screams silent. How? How? The noble class did not behave this way. She hadn’t expected it. People with cuffs and collars didn’t cut their colleagues open. Only in her world did problems get solved with knives.
“John?”
Was it because Holmes’ gaze wasn’t drilling through his eyes that the truth popped out? He couldn’t stop it, whatever reason. “No,” he whispered. “You know why.”
Jane levered the hook into the strong rope strands mummifying the man’s ankles. This was his secret fantasy, the forbidden act, his life’s obsession. The woman wanted to dance to death in pain. This man wanted to bleed to death, slowly, feeling his awareness seep away. He’d gone as far in this obsession as opium would take him. He’d hired hypnotists. He’d tried forbidden plants smuggled back from the New World, and those, he said, took him close, so close. But it wasn’t far enough. And now that his wife had taken their daughters and left, his job was gone, he had no home, he wanted to take his final bow exactly the way he’d always wanted. He’d lost everything chasing it. Why would he flinch now?
Could it really be, Sherlock, could it really really….?
He’d be boiling for a bloody long time.
“Doctor!” Nithercott hissed. “Don’t even joke.”
She kissed him, a dry pressure of her lips to his. When she pulled back, her eyes were sad, hopelessly sad. “I wish I could make that choice. I can’t, but I can give you the respite. All you need to do is ask.”
“Do it,” he whispered. He looked at Holmes, the sheer, ferocious terror on his face for fear that Watson would be harmed. And he thought perhaps this is better than touching his body, holding him in my arms. This look on his face right now. But he knew he was lying to himself. He looked into Holmes’ wide eyes. “Carve an “H” for Holmes over my heart, so I can deny it no longer. Let it be the bloody truth. Let it be writ on my skin, so I can never lie again.”
Had he been the one to chew away the scar above the dead man’s heart?
The long fingers and the hands they were on pushed John’s shoulders and he fell forward helplessly, twisting to land on his shoulder and not his face. Pain stung his skin, and he realized he wasn’t wearing any clothes. It was cold and his hands were bound and he was at the mercy of the Chemist. Who was supposed to snatch Sherlock but had taken John instead.
Jones hunched in on himself, gave Watson a quick, tremulous look over his shoulder. “Thank you. I wish…” His voice broke.
Watson raised his cane in a jaunty farewell, then went off the worst, stickiest-floored den to get drunk.
The pressure holding his wrists behind his back snapped loose. The Chemist stood beside him holding a box cutter but he could be fifty miles away. John didn’t care about him. He registered him peripherally. Only that sweet spice in Sherlock’s blood mattered.
Watson drank himself up to courageous, then stuffed things he couldn’t go on without into an overnight bag. With that satchel and his doctor bag, he made his escape before dawn.
Jones fell to one knee.
John crossed the street and followed Sherlock parallel, pulling ahead then stopping to check a menu, dropping to tie his shoe, letting Sherlock turn down an alley.
“The scars are presumably why Secretary Mycroft insisted you and only you investigate.” Nithercott sniffed. “Your eyes and mine will be the only ones laid upon this body, by highest order.”
Holmes could skin a man’s defenses away using words. There was no bloody way in hell Watson was going to revisit the topic of his defection. He wouldn’t survive it. Holmes would steal his breath, crush his heart and leave him dead on the floor.
Her tracing went on, smoothly and certainly, until all the scars visible on Victor’s chest and arms were blood red again. The last scar she traced was over his heart. She’d cut that one deep, making the three slashes and the arabesque over them more permanent than all the rest.
The carriage stopped, but Watson’s world kept spinning.
Every one of John’s muscles tightened like he was a spring. Sherlock’s face faded into the golden glow he couldn’t resist.
“Get dressed or we’ll take you like that.” Lead Brute pushed Holmes on the shoulder hard enough to spin him around. “Or I’ll come in a dress ya. See if you don’t like that, eh?”
Watson didn’t want to imagine what happened to her third owner, how she’d elevated herself to such a viciously grim title.
John felt himself blush, but didn’t turn away. “Just because every woman in Britain thinks I’m one-night-stand material doesn’t mean you’re getting out of this.” Then, because this entire conversation was so absurd, John asked, “Do you want it with the biting and the bondge?”
“I’ve no regret about bringing you low, Solomon.” Victor stood straighter, too, but not straight enough. Already compassion modulated his tone. “But I am not without pity. I’ve arranged a position in France, at the medical college. A professorship.” He took a sheath of papers from his dresser top and held them out to Jones. “This is your chance to retain your reputation, protect your name. It’s a new life, Solomon, where you can redeem yourself by making better choices, be a service to mankind.”
“It’s wrong!” said the blonde one, the doctor. He quivered with indignation, but Jane heard an undercurrent in his tone. He needed so badly to know what was wrong.
Holmes glided into the room wearing his most irritating chummy persona like a flaring cape. “Nithercott. What a delight.”
Holmes’ brows shot up. “We’re going to speak of it straight on, now?”
Sherlock looked to the side, cutting his eyes hard. In the barely-there flickering light, John saw them shine.
“The whip on our backs, until we die,” whispered the Sultana of Blood and Pain. “Mr. Holmes, I accept your terms. On your honor, sir.”
“You will not go.” Holmes spoke through clenched teeth, regarded Watson through slitted eyes.
Sherlock stood up and tugged his shirt on. He pulled it close, fumbling with the few buttons left then giving up.
It hit her then: what would the noble folk make of her art on Victor’s skin? She hoped the shock would burn out their eyes.
On the top floor, in an ornate bed chamber resplendent with carved wood polished to the highest sheen, a dead body sprawled on a bed that was soaked and surrounded with blood.
Holmes took the opportunity to roll his eyes at Watson, then stood up. “My dear Mr. Jones, perhaps we can continue our discussions when you have had time to process your grief.”
Sherlock tensed for what he knew could be the blow that killed him. All his internal controls failed and John Watson’s memory filled him: his dour expression that said you idiot, his smell of just-swallowed whisky and second-hand smoke and Mrs. Hudson’s lavender soap, the thick graying hair Sherlock had never ever touched...
Pulling away layers of clothing, Watson scooped away blood from the knife wound to Holmes’ left side.
Instead he heard himself say in a carefully neutral tone, “That would leave Solomon Jones the most likely suspect in Sir Victor’s murder.”
“Written in blood.” It wasn’t a question.
Sherlock blinked and his brows drew together.
Watson lunged to the spot, skidding on his knees. He grabbed a thick length of rope tied off to a metal hook and lunged his upper body over the edge of the pier, barely keeping himself balanced.
“Enough,” Watson cried out, “Finish it.”
“What ‘bout me, sir?” The older boy stepped up, eager to help.
It teetered. There could be only one HIM.
When he was gone, Sherlock stepped out into the open again.
John held up his hand, stop, and he had to close his eyes. Sherlock’s voice actually saying his name, the gentle expression he always used when gaming John into doing something that was so deeply against his own interests. It was too much.
The hooded man with the gun got away. Without a laboratory, Watson could not identify the poison or drugs in her blood. He suspected a mix. There’d been languidness to her motion that hinted at opiates, but certainly not a lethal dose and certainly not enough to do more than take the edge off her pain. How swiftly the poison killed her, he guessed it affected her brain. The seizures preceding her death hadn’t been dramatic, but they were unmistakable. In all, he deduced the person who dosed her had a work-a-day knowledge of how substances worked together to affect the body in a series of ways. A professional without regard for ethics, surely.
Jones tipped his hat. “I’m eternally grateful Mr. Holmes.” As an afterthought, he added, “Dr. Watson. I’ll have the driver deliver you to Baker Street.”
Watson wished he couldn’t see because the light stabbed right through his eye sockets to strafe his brain. Wait. Was that street sign in Cyrillic?
Watson just gaped at him like Holmes had demanded he fly.
Jane danced back, pausing to slit the throat of her hanged man. “I’m sorry.”
John put on his socks and shoes while Sherlock coldly told Mycroft they “needed an extraction.” He found a wooden crate, turned it upside down. His knees protested as he eased himself to sit on it.
Watson met Holmes’ eyes across the defiled corpse. He felt the shift in Holmes’ thinking like the cold stone floor giving way under his feet.
Thankfully, Mycroft burst in, all faked congeniality and brittle false pleasure. “The home team back together again.”
By the last three words Sherlock was shouting. He stood there, quivering all over with an emotion John could not quite categorize: rage, frustration or maybe guilt? It ought to be guilt, though he didn’t think Sherlock even capable of remorse.
Sherlock opened his eyes and John turned away, turned his whole body. He was naked, still so naked. “I’ll...cut you loose. Just…” He didn’t even know what to say. He found the Chemist’s box cutter. He turned back to Sherlock and realized how could he, he couldn’t stand...he was still completely naked, limp and goosefleshed. He stood there, the knife raised his hand.
Finally she did wail, soft and high and she thought it would never end. But it did, as the sun went down enough for her to slink past Victor’s body. She didn’t look. Couldn’t look. She didn’t deserve him. She didn’t deserve love. She didn’t know how to do it. She’d warned him over and over.
“The Chemist has already taken his vengeance upon the Deputy Prime Minister for Foreign Affairs, and during those unfortunate events the DPM became...gregarious. So now we are at grave risk.”
“Really? What did I miss?”
Mycroft offered them both burner cell phones. John pocketed it, and when he got out of the car, tucked the pistol in his waistband. The jacket Mycroft provided was loose enough to hide the bulge.
“I have sketches.” Watson had come back to the morgue and carefully reproduced the stunningly terrifying arrangement of scars on Sr. Victor’s body, all the while trying to understand the mechanics of it. He had to have been sedated. How else could the mutilator keep him still through the cutting?
Holmes rocked forward. “You. Barkley.”
Not a question. Not allowing any other truth but what Jones wanted. Jane worked with and against men like that: only their vision, no one else’s. She’d tried to explain different techniques Victor could use to manipulate him, but Victor said, “The truth always prevails in the end.”
Jane took out the small knife tucked in her garter. She always had a blade. There was one in both her boots, a tiny sheathed needle suspended on a chain that hung between her breasts, a spring-loaded claw set behind the gaudy fake jewel in her ring.
Mycroft’s scathing tone froze John. Sherlock went silent and still under him.
“Sounds lovely.”
One of the other brutes picked up Watson’s overnight bag.
On the stoop, five large Pinkertonish men stopped him. “We’ve come for you and Sherlock Holmes,” said the leader, a man without hair or neck.
Jones didn’t notice. He was too worried about his own skin. “Am I in danger, Mr. Holmes?”
The naked man swung in the cool breeze. He cast a weak shadow on the ground beside the angel’s. He circled gently, lazily, facing first the crypt and then Jane. His erect member poked out through the knots. The rope must be rough against the tender skin. Perhaps like Victor, he liked the pain.
To his absolute shame, Watson didn’t care if that man hanging from the angel bled out. He only cared about Holmes, who was definitely not fine. Sweat ran down his temples and he was starting to shake. Or was it Watson shaking? Probably both.
Sherlock smirked and rubbed his eyes. His hair stood up in greasy clumps. Stubble shadowed his chin and cheeks. His nails were ragged and dirty. But his voice was still precise and cutting as it always was. “And now I hallucinate. Splendid.”
She moved the knife away, but her fingers remained to toy with the buttons of his fly. “Victor only liked pain. Not women. Not men. Only blood and pain. It was like he was made for me. Do you think you were made for your Sherlock Holmes?”
“Will that be two people, or three?” Holmes asked gleefully. “You have no color in your face whatsoever. You look like a vampire on a fast. Wear these.”
Holmes gestured forward. “The filly you chased down, keep chasing.”
Sherlock took a quick look at his face -- the first time since they’d regrouped in the kitchen that he’d looked at John squarely -- and shook his head. “The Chemist made that girl his completely, he made murder part of the sex act, and we killed her. He already killed the Sebian official.”
When he started walking briskly away John took two long jogging steps and grabbed Sherlock’s arm. “Be careful. You made a promise.”
“No one will hear you, or know how you answer.” She looked around at the empty room, them deeply into Watson’s eyes. “It must be terribly difficult, keeping up the lies. Like carrying a dead body on your back all the time.”
John heard Sherlock’s running footsteps, saw the Chemist raise his dart gun. Then he toppled forward, flinching at the upcoming pavement but he never felt the impact.
The boy scrambled away immediately.
“Stay with me, John.”
Holmes stuck his face against the glass of the back window, fury plain on his face.
Jones nervously made a tube of his physician’s college appointment papers. “Give me one thing before I retreat in disgrace.” He lifted his eyes from the floor and fixed his gaze on Victor’s belt.
“What?” John’s heart jumped to his throat. The idea of Sherlock in danger once was commonplace, normal, expected. But now, it filled him with panic. “No. He can’t.”
His body took a step closer even as the words came out without another thought. “I am always going to be here, Sherlock. Don’t you get that yet?”
She put the blade against his nipple again, the steel so cold. “Do you want him to touch you there.”
I can’t live with you hating yourself. That’s what Holmes said -- a clear plea for Watson to drop his unnatural passion. Why couldn’t he just rip it out by the root, cut it off balls and all, throw it in the oily flow of the Thames to be gone forever? Then he could be the man Holmes needed: friend and confident, solid and sure and reliable, untainted by carnal needs. Holmes never cared for his flesh. They lived in the same house, and never had he heard Holmes taking matters in hand, never any grunts and sighs pushed into a pillow, not like Watson. Holmes was free, pure intellect, a mind like a hawk wheeling in the sky. The only Greek in him was Artemis, virgin huntress sprung fully formed from mind. Only Artemis had the owl of wisdom at her side. Holmes was cursed with Watson: certainly no owl, more like a stupid, gawking chicken.
Solomon Jones was a stout man, impeccably fashionable in his striped coat. He held out a hand, and Watson marked Holmes’ small, almost invisible tells that only he would see. The disappearance of Holmes’ lower lip between his teeth, the slight narrowing of his eyes: Solomon Jones had not made a good first impression.
Holmes stood at the edge of the bed, the toes of his shoes right at the edge of the pooled blood. He tilted his head. Craned his neck. “Good Lord, the scars. Where did he get the scars?”
“Stop!” Holmes surged forward but she was too quick, putting the knife against Watson’s throat again. The point slid under the skin. Watson heard himself panting, but his mind drifted above it all. He felt detached and done, done with all of it.
“See?” Watson said sadly, as Holmes groaned.
“Could be a small man,” Watson said, just because he had to. It was his job. Push against Holmes to push him forward, be the surface Holmes pushed off against.
A growl tore up John’s throat. He grabbed the Chemist’s neck and pushed him back, back against the assembly of iron pipes that held Sherlock. John bashed his head against the metal, feeling the skull give. Again and again, like thrusting home into a woman but never this good, never. He heard the crack and the shift in the bones, smelled the blood and brain matter, smelling like nothing else. John pushed the corpse aside, panting and gasping and shaking with need. It thundered through him, rolling and shuddering. Never like this before. Horrified, exhilarated, out of control, he heard his name in a voice that skimmed across his skin and then into it.
Holmes eyes narrowed, and he forced his words out between clenched teeth. “You, so happy to run off to Brighton no matter how it would hurt me, will not leave me now while I bleed. I’m so touched, Watson, by the consistency of your concern.”
“Yes.” He barely breathed out the word. He didn’t dare nod, didn’t dare shiver though the cellar was cold on his skin. His shoulders ached and his heart thumped and he stayed perfectly still, like a rabbit.
“I can’t help him,” he whispered, not even sure Holmes could hear. All he heard was the echo of the murderess’ words in his mind: He wants this. Who are you to deny him?
Sherlock stopped his pacing at the edge of the kitchen tile, his back to John. “I’m tired.”
Victor finally did flick a quick glance toward the closet where Jane hid, but Solomon was too eagerly watching him unbuckle his belt to notice the tell. Jane shifted her gaze between Victor’s face, the expression there, and where he slowly pushed his slacks down. There was no tenting of arousal in his small clothes, but she could smell him. Oh, she could smell him anywhere: a crowded room, a dark ship’s hold, a forest in a thunderstorm.
But she’d never seen Victor in any conventional sexual situation. Her interest rose like a cobra from a basket. She wanted to know if he would react. She’d rarely taken the time to examine his manhood. She knew how it smelled. Had brushed it with her wrist when she was making her art. But she’d rarely focused on it straight on, because her art required supreme concentration. And she’d never seen it soft.
“So it’s only just him.”
“The answer could be complex,” Holmes said before Watson could say the answer was simple. “Was there evidence on the closet doors that would have implicated the killer?”
The man she loved despite her good sense, Sir Victor Greene, stood in his bedroom, receiving his assistant. Jane might be a courtesan watching through a louvered closet door, but she knew well enough that the Queen’s Special Minister for the Protection of Children did not receive assistants in their bedrooms. Unless the assistant had other designs. Which he did.
Watson curled his hands into fists so he wouldn’t wrap them around Holmes’ throat.
“John Watson.” Sherlock swallowed, then the unfamiliar look turned overbearing and haughty and painfully familiar. “Don’t die.”
“Serbia? Mycroft brought me to Serbia? Christ!” Why it seemed so outrageous, John wasn’t sure. The cyrcillic alphabet, the bombed-out buildings. Still. To hear it spoken so casually, hey, you were in London and now you’re in Serbia, made it all too real. All of it. Serbia. Sherlock. Something tightened in John’s chest.
"Do you remember us coming to escort you from your room at the CCU into theatre?"
On the RIB, he had tried not to imagine being flung by a particularly vicious crest of a wave into the raging sea, his heavy coat pulling him down into the depths. People say drowning is not a very bad way to go, but the thought of it has always made him shudder. Even if not physically so horrid, it must the loneliest way to depart this earth. Then again, Sherlock has never expected to be anything but alone at any important turn of his life.
"Are you disclosing this with Sherlock's permission?" Joanna asks carefully.
There's rustling and the sound of the wardrobe opening. Sherlock listens carefully, and his ears pick up clinks of metal and the scuffle of John changing his shoes.
talk to him, if I was just… if I was more…"
"For your sake, I hope it's not Grindr you're perusing on that thing," Mycroft comments dryly, nodding at his phone.
Sherlock exits the OR without a word. Once John has taped the arterial line in place, he gives the patient a smile. "We're ready to start, Mrs Mills."
"We didn't trick you! You were… Sherlock, your heart couldn't have taken much more."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Nobody asks for this stuff. Not your fault. We just have to get through it."
"You're having a panic attack caused by anxiety. You
"And you know this how, exactly?" John asks, wrenches himself up and goes to fish the pile of mail off the floor. He flips through the envelopes and sighs. Sherlock is right; it's just the electric bill, an offer for a streaming TV channel package and some more junk mail.
Sherlock reminds himself,
"Um," John says, "you never came to your appointment."
he wonders, closing the door behind him to an empty flat.
Once they're parked at a spot John finds close enough to their flat, Sherlock doesn't open his door but just stares ahead. "It all just stopped," he says, talking more to himself than John.
I've taken some liberties with the distances on Westray; Pierowall is actually inconveniently close to where John and Sherlock's houses are located for the purposes of this chapter. Groatie Buckie is a sandwich shop & cafe on Westray. I've no idea what the name means.
She is surveying her surroundings keenly as they ascend; as far as John knows she's never been here before. "That's very kind. I've had breakfast, but that was after six in the morning; a snack wouldn't go amiss."
Ten minutes later — it appeared Mycroft had decided this was a socially acceptable time for lying on top of someone's casket in an open grave — Sherlock was unceremoniously hauled out by two burly MI5 agents and taken to the dullest country house in England for four weeks of detox.
Dr Spray looks taken aback, and so does Lestrade, who speak up. "That's not what we're after here. We need to investigate this, to see if there were systemic factors at work. Focussing on punishing people doesn't bring those to light."
I didn't come back from those two years the same; I was different even before I caught this. John was charitable for liking me in the first place; add more difficulties and this, whatever this is, is unlikely to continue to feel like a reasonable trade-off for him.
“Our Ocado order has been updated.” It's irrelevant who has done that.
John stares at him.
this sort of thing. I must thank you all for the enthusiasm, for the shared feels and the lovely commentary.
My beta team for this was the same as for Thermocline. Much obliged.
"Accident, what
Those memories always made him feel detached, like he wasn't quite where his corporeal self resided in those moments. Like he couldn't quite hold on to his own timeline. Like there was still hope. A chance that things could have been different.
“You remember what happened when we got that talking alarm clock?” John asks, voice raspy and quiet.
"You're supposed to do it yourself or call the emergency anaesthesia number if you need an urgent procedure."
"You did say yes, didn't you?" John looks unsure.
'How did you get through that?'
John giggles. "Who're you hiding from, then? Who'd you get shirty enough to get sent all the way to this pisshole?"
John's optimism that Sherlock wouldn't need to have anything to do with Roger Fairholme's trial turns out to be just as unrealistic as Sherlock had suspected: he gets summoned to the proceedings as a witness for the prosecution.
At nights, he could do nothing
"John. John, someone's cancelled my case."
"Because of what we did, what we chose…" Violet clears her throat; tears would be useless after all these years. "It felt as though we had no right to make a fuss about it."
Does he not know how you drowned in him long ago, and those women you half-heartedly dated were just idle, token kicks towards a surface you no longer missed. You slipped into this life with him as though it had been your own for a long time, and you didn't even notice your perspective shifting from what you thought you wanted to what you now realise you have.
And John gives it just that. Planting his palms on both sides of Sherlock's hips, he lets the shaft sink past his lips into the warm slickness of his mouth, his palate caressing the sensitive tip.
"Alright."
"She still elects to serve a myopic system preoccupied with putting doctors through the wringer for every minor misdemeanour while the real problems of the NHS remain unaddressed."
Sherlock glances towards the road. The ram is still there, hooves tucked underneath its belly, eyes closed and lower jab drooping. Perhaps it'll start snoring soon. "
," he curses.
While the man works, Sherlock studies what he can see of the interior of the house. No one would claim that much effort has been put into making sure that the furniture fits together aesthetically, but every piece is of good quality. There is a late-model cathode ray tube television in the corner and a radio on a windowsill. No dead flies so clearly, this John cleans his house, unlike whoever had dwelled in the one Sherlock has to endure. There are medical textbooks on a low shelf in the sitting room corner. Mostly empty whisky bottles sit in plain sight in the kitchen. Either John doesn't care what people think about his drinking, or those bottles were collected by a previous owner.
think, John?"
He pats dust off the weighted blanket and spreads it onto the foot of the bed, hoping this will signal without calling Sherlock out that it's fine.
Sherlock nods. There's got to be at least fifty litres in the container. He can make that last three days. He won’t be able to wash himself, but at least he'll have some bloody tea. With any luck, Mycroft will have things sorted in London soon and Sherlock will be out of here before the water runs out.
"If you're fine, then what are you still doing here?"
By the time John comes out of the shower, Sherlock has crawled under the covers, closed his eyes and is pretending to sleep.
"I think you're the one worrying. Your viral load is unmeasurably low; you're on your meds like clockwork. My risk would be negligible even without prep, but I'll take it so that you don't have to worry."
"I didn't mean going to work right now. When you're ready."
It had been so odd, how the man had wanted his wrist fixed, but was so adamantly against any sensible participation in the process. He wanted out of the clinic as fast as possible as though he feared that, the longer he stayed, the likelier he was to be treated badly. Yet, he didn't carry the diminished, withdrawn manner of abused individuals John had encountered at A&Es. No, it was as if there was a wall between how the world worked and Sherlock Holmes, one the man had constructed himself and was adamant to keep erected. He'd asked such odd questions for someone who must have been the recipient of medical care before, questioned the very purpose of things which most patients expected to happen. John can't help but be curious about how the man thinks, and why. He'd seen through John so easily, called him out on things John tries to hide from the other people at the clinic such as feeling like he doesn't belong there even when there's no reason he wouldn't. He'd seemed curious about John, not disdainful — interested in the rest of John beyond him being a doctor. Had that just been a distraction tactic, an attempt to draw attention away from his injury?
"You'd have about six months every year for other engagements. You may keep your apartment on Malta if you need to."
____________
"Sherlock, wait––" you try, but the glare he gives you could melt concrete.
This isn't what his memory tells him, however, even though he always,
"They don't have air bladders, so they rely on fin movement to propel themselves around, and to wash their gills with fresh oxygenated water. Some of them have other mechanisms of ensuring constant water flow into their gills, such as a pumping motion with their pharynx, and those species can rest on the sea bottom."
"What happened?" Sherlock demands, tone as sharp and keen as his gaze. He hushes Natch, presses a palm gently to the dog's back to stop him from trying to keep up. It is a heart-breaking sight: his left side does not appear to be functioning at all.
"Yes. And you’ll help me with the medical details in these cases?" Holmes counters.
He's missing John with an ache that reminds him of other things.
Collings yawns. "Everything went alright. The next few days will be tough, but we got this sorted at the right time."
"English breakfast or Assam?" Sherlock asks.
Fate gives Sherlock appendicitis and John an identity crisis.
Mycroft has moulded his career, his
"Do you still oppose his career choice?"
"I miss sex with you when it's been a while; not because I need to get off, but because I love doing it with you."
"How so?"
and a look that signalled Sherlock thought he was an idiot for even suggesting it.
? Which one? Any operations going on? How would he even get through the door?"
Sherlock realises, to his astonishment, that John hadn't said that he'd move his things to Westray.
"But it
alright outside of the operating room.
"What do you call your current job situation? Do you feel an acute need to assign it premature labels?"
"No, of course not. Violence is violence. It's always unsettling." He remembers a psychiatric patient from his medical school days who he had accidentally angered. The man started throwing furniture around. It was understandable because the man was psychiatrically very ill, but Sherlock had still felt very rattled afterwards.
John watches his husband disappear out the door. Whatever Edgar has done or whoever he's hired has done the trick: the street outside the front door is empty of media. John had decided not to read the news this morning to preserve his nerves. He knows this will die down, but what about when the trial starts?
"They're back," Mycroft comments needlessly; all three gathered in the sitting room have sat up stiffly the second they heard a car approach.
"I was asking what you thought of the articles."
The judge clears his throat. "Mister Holmes. We are not here to argue the validity of the semantics of the charges being examined. Answer the question."
"Something bad?"
"What about your parents?"
Content warning: exceptionally intense and graphic surgical scene in this chapter.
"Beggars can't be choosers," Sherlock admits and drops into the chair opposite. There are four chairs around the small table in the corner of the sitting room next to the old television. Sherlock spots an old record played on a side table, some worn books in a small cabinet. All of it looks older than John. When he moved here from wherever he went to school and trainer as a doctor and served, he hadn't brought much with him.
"Well, it’s all done, now. You can head home and relax."
The vibrating doesn't stop — someone is trying to call him, not text. Beer can in hand, unsipped, John goes to pick the offending item up. The number is shown, but not programmed into his phone.
John grabs a pencil and notepad. He likes to do things the old-fashioned way instead of typing up notes during appointments to save time later. "Have you had any prior injuries in the same limb?"
"Anything else?" John asks, a hint of a smile playing on his lips.
you have a tendency to eviscerate people if they threaten you or undermine you or––"
You raise your brows, pursing your lips to signal your colleague to continue. Usually, when discussing such things with other surgeons, you'd feel that pang of loss, the fury of the unfairness of no longer being able to do what they do because your hands and your nerves can't be trusted in the OR.
"Maybe it's a bit like driving after a car crash. Unless you start doing it again, it'll always remain a fear-inducing thing. It'll take time for the confidence to come back but once it does, it could be fun again. I didn't feel like I'd want to walk into an OR ever again after Afghanistan, but I did. And you helped me with that."
," Sherlock scoffs, drops down to sit on the sofa and and crosses his arms.
"Today. It's pretty standard to have it soon after the incident."
(aka the family Christmas from hell).
"Why on Earth would I have
"Yes, Mother, I do interact with patients and their family members on a regular basis."
[Lovecraftian horror, developing johnlock, medical drama]
John hums in confirmation and gets back to work. When Sherlock comes with a shout, John’s uniform manages to remain stainless thanks to a pillow grabbed at a strategic moment and shoved at his husband's cock. John then drops onto his back on the bed next to him. Too blissed out to change position, Sherlock gives him what he hopes is a dedicated and spirited handjob, and the same pillow gets to ensure that the uniform survives this second assault mostly pristine. There's no telling how it will look after the
"Easier to breathe," Sherlock analyses after scrunching his forehead up in that comical way you've only seen when he's drunk.
"Nothing you should concern yourself with," Sherlock says amicably, and doubles down to give Natch, the Holmes' dog, a scrath behind the ears.
John realises he needs to scramble to shift the topic back to more delicate waters. Medical talk is Sherlock's comfort zone; venturing there will help him hoist the walls back up.
The dealer looks less surprised than Sherlock would have assumed. “I'm all out of that."
"I can't talk to you. I can't. But I have to. I need to. Need to learn, I mean."
Doctor Pichler frowns. "What do you mean? You've had periods of depression during your relationship with him."
' What sort of family life had John's daughter had — would she have sensed that her father's mind was often elsewhere, that he retreated into the bottle, and that her mother, betrayed and bloody-minded, could not always swallow her resentment? Sherlock cannot know what it had been like in the Watson household, but he knows what it's like to have parents whose relationship had deteriorated to the point of merely living in the same house and avoiding one another.
Tw: Graphic details about a lethal traffic accident involving a small child.
Any second now, Sherlock going to stride in and collect his prize of getting to face who he's been chasing. It's the moment of seeing the minotaur at the centre of the labyrinth, and you know Sherlock cares more about that than getting to tackle someone into a pile of wet maple leaves.
John digs his phone out from his pocket and does a quick search. "There's a pharmacy on the ground floor of the mall next to the hotel, and low-dose melatonin is prescription-free in Canada. You could go pick up a packet while going to dinner."
The last letter in the pile carries the GMC insignia. John is startled by the discovery — it's only been a little over a week after the email from the Trust, and the Medical Council gets anything in motion this fast. At least the letter is not from the Medical Practitioner's Tribunal Service — Sherlock's case has not reached a stage yet where the GMC would decide whether to refer him for such a Tribunal to assess whether his ability to act as a physician was impaired or not. No, the GMC can only have begun their investigation. Maybe they have a new system of informing doctors about such proceedings early on.
him, and that made for an intriguing power play in
"Yeah, I… gathered. He tells people he is a sociopath."
Violet's eyes go wide. "
"I'm not a surgeon," John says softly, "but I sure as hell know what it's like to be a doctor and doubt yourself. That's what I did after Afghanistan."
They're both nude underneath an old duvet lined with the fresh linens Sherlock had purchased, with an old woollen blanket thrown on top to keep the draught at bay. The bedroom is nearly dark — they know each other's bodies well enough now not to need light for navigation. Only slivers of white, cold moonlight are breaking through the darkness. They're coming in through the sitting room window and casting a shadow of a chair on the old, striped rug in the middle of the room.
The risk is significant, but by definition it is a
He'd forgot to bring his only pair of clean underwear, so he'll wear none tonight. He sure as hell won't ask Angus to borrow him some; the old fool would probably offer him something along the lines of an embroidered codpiece. Sherlock had caught a glimpse of the man's bedroom and storage room when he'd asked for a towel and a shirt; that’s when Angus had led him into the bowels of the lighthouse’s annex. In the storage room stood an old, ornate, white-painted wardrobe, the doors of which wouldn't even close properly after being swollen by the moist sea air. Inside, the shelves were stuffed full of vintage clothes for both men and women: sleeping garments with delicate lace, moth-eaten velvet jackets, even a bustled black dress that must've been worn at funerals.
"And you've got someone here you can talk to; you can thank John here for raising the issue. I will be happy to follow up with you later, perhaps in two to three weeks or so, to see how you are doing."
"Yeah," John admits sheepishly.
Sherlock's head whips to the side to stare at her. She never speaks about Victor voluntarily unless it's to curse his very existence.
"We don't often use restraints, but that was––" the nurse then starts with a warning tone, glancing at you as he works.
Sherlock climbs to his feet. He might as well call it a night since John's arrival has broken the spell of his concentration.
stayed overtime to do so. I explained thoroughly to the neurologists looking after her the reasoning of my situation, and I had no cause to assume they'd be too incompetent to relay it properly to the patient's family. If there was a conflict or the family wanted more information, the neurologists could have asked the neurosurgeon on call that night to speak with them. I'm sure he would have come to the same conclusion as I did."
"What do you mean,
Christian has dropped from his barstool and shifted closer. Now, he steps into the vee between Sherlock's legs, slides his arms around his waist. "Want a line?" he whispers into Sherlock's ear, palms sliding downwards so that he can hook his thumbs into the belt loops of Sherlock's trousers.
Sherlock is so close John could reach out and stroke a sharp cheekbone, so close he feels a puff of warm exhalation on his lips. Sherlock says nothing, simply exists close to the edges of John's corporeal form. Their hands briefly brush up against each other before Sherlock seems to read something in John's eyes. He retreats, but only a fraction, and the hesitancy in his oddly coloured eyes turns to mischievous determination.
"If it helps, I kind of know how that feels," Collings finally muses, "when my wife had pre-eclampsia and our son was born a preemie, I couldn't do much to help either of them. Well, I mean, I couldn't do much
_____________
John hears some indignant, spluttery muttering from the man in question in the background. "What's the hitch?"
"Yes and of course, yes. I was an ophthalmologist before making the transition to administration."
Sherlock juts up his chin to tighten the skin for shaving. Surprisingly, Angus owns modern shaving cream in an aerosol bottle propped up on the edge of the sink. Sherlock dabs some of it on, wishing he had his moisturiser. After being out on the water all day, his skin will be raw and dry. John has a beard he keeps short. Sherlock has never minded stubble burns on his face, but his neck is too sensitive for being scraped like that, and his thighs–– God, no. Sherlock thinks about John's ring finger next while shaving.
It takes him two more days to pluck up the courage to call John. Forty-eight hours of smoking, pacing and spraining his brain trying to come up with the right words to explain himself have resulted in nothing but frustration and finally, he realises he'll just have to improvise. It's a landline number so Sherlock has the benefit of surprise on his side. John won't know who's calling, increasing the odds that he’ll answer.
"Yes, they are."
"He needs you in his corner," John echoes. "I'll see if I can get him to come see you."
"You seem angry, Doctor Holmes. Does it not give you pause that a member of the public was so aggravated, so shocked by your decision-making that they sought answers in the manner Mr Fairholme did?"
In the flickering light John saw blood rise to Sherlock’s sharp cheeks. “You promised, too.”
“How could you plan to leave like that?” He asked the question in angry, hissing tone.
John woke up because something dropped into his eye. He tried to pull away, blinking because it burned. But he was on his knees and his arms were bound behind his back and there were two sharp knees on his shoulders keeping him down. Long fingers grabbed his face, wrenched his head back.. More long fingers pried his eye open. He saw the drop of liquid shimmer then fall and it bloody well burned.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. “What do we do now?”
Watson tried to imagine what it was like, biting into dead human flesh. He moved closer to examine the wounds. The angle of the bites showed the perpetrator had attacked straight down. “Must’ve been sitting on him. Literally sitting on his corpse, leaning to bite straight down.”
Mycroft clucked his tongue like a schoolmarm. “You’ll just have to trust each other.”
Holmes jerked the end of the rope and snarled, “On your knees.”
“I admired Victor’s zeal. He threw his whole heart into his work.”
For a half-instant Watson almost said no. He almost refused to leave Holmes’ side. But then rational sense kicked in, and humiliation -- I am a doctor! -- and he lurched to his feet.
She took a step back so she could glare into Watson’s eyes. “Do you think my heart will unbreak if Solomon Jones is arrested and tried in her Majesty’s court?”
Watson jerked back at the sound. Holmes did the same. Holmes eyes in the dark seemed to glow from within.
The details of the case gave John a focus other than the building pressure in his chest. His heart felt constricted. Blood hissed in his ears. “Why the homeless people? Why the mistress?”
Holmes slid onto the bench beside him, leaving Solomon Jones alone on the opposite one, still stark with fear. Something about the man turned Watson’s blood cold.
Now Jones blushed, stood up, walked to the window. It was a masterful performance. Holmes followed every one of Jones’ prompts, letting himself be led into the story Jones wanted to tell. After a long moment, he went to his desk, drew out folded papers and handed them not to Holmes, but to Watson.
She found Victor’s body by itself in a small side room. Narrow windows near the ceiling let in dirty light from street level. Under the coarse linen cloth, Victor’s skin was washed and unclothed. What had they made of her work?
“Do you remember anything significant from last night?”
The brute got into the limo in John’s place. The door closed with a solid thunk and the sleek black car drove off. Sunshine bounced from the tinted back window into John’s eyes, but he didn’t even blink. Mycroft’s penultimate sentence rolled through his brain.
John thought that one through carefully. His brain felt wrapped in fog. “He thought I would…?” He looked at the Chemist’s corpse, shocked by what he’d done. He hadn’t just broken the man’s skull. He’d broken his neck.
Outside, sirens rang. Engines revved and tires squealed.
His captor hauled John back onto his knees. John blinked his sight clear again, and realized that bare foot was attached to Sherlock. Sherlock was tied to some sort of piece of machinery, his arms spread, shirtless and breathing hard, bruises on the left side of his face and shoulder and chest, misery and fear in his eyes.
“Why were you running off to Brighton before dawn, no note?” Holmes stood up so suddenly that Watson took a half-step back.
John looked at his hands, smeared with blood. Spatters of blood across his chest and belly. Sherlock, bare-chested, hands tied, stretched out and shivering. His feet pushed against the concrete like somehow he could get away.
“If you re-directed half of your commitment to being socially acceptable into being self-aware, you’d be the most dangerous man in London.” Holmes led him into the street, boosted him into a waiting open-air carriage.
Holmes stood; Watson immediately missed the heat of his body sitting so close and immediately blushed because of it.
Holmes shot him a look so unexpectedly brimming with hurt Watson stood up. He couldn’t help himself. It was so instinctual. Holmes in that much pain demanded a response.
Do whatever it is you do for him.
At the moment she thought she would burst into flames, or she would be so empty and dry she would simply cease to exist, something remarkable happened. The grief remade itself into replacement bones, much stronger than her birth bones. Her birth bones had been broken and knitted together. These bones were new, and if someone stripped away her skin they wouldn’t be white or gray or anything like bone-color. They’d be roiling, thunderous black.
“I am on an investigation directed by Her Majesty the Queen. If you harm me you will not escape.”
If one person on the planet could arrange for Sherlock’s faked death, it would be Mycroft.
“If you dare proceed before my tactical team is on scene...” The angier Mycroft became, the more clipped and precise his diction.
Jane looked up at Victor’s face again, smiling at the stern for-God-and-Queen expression there. She only peripherally registered Solomon leaning closer. She transferred her attention to Victor’s cock -- would he react at all and how would it make him feel if he did? -- in time to see Jones lean back unexpectedly. She saw the flash of metal and the sudden smell of blood dizzied her. Blood meant beauty, it meant life, and it meant love. But not now.
“I wish…” It was hard to not slur the “sh” sound. Did it only echo in Watsons’ ears -- wish-sh-sh-sh -- or did Holmes hear the echo, too?
Here was such a difference between the upper classes and Jane’s world, where survival ruled as first priority. Saving face, retaining honor, finding redemption, those were luxuries of the better folk. No time for honor when you’re fighting for a crust of bread.
She opened deep wounds on the bottom of his upturned feet, pausing to watch the blood rise, then pool, then spill over. The blood soaked the rope, trickled down his skin. Flesh was meant to hold blood inside, but not take it back it.
The woman with the knife stepped into his field of vision. She still had a knife, but a much more delicate blade. One for close up work. Detail work. The knife he guessed she used on Sir Victor.
“No.” Holmes sneered and tears ran over onto his cheeks. “No, you’re right, Watson. Make it hurt. Make me always remember.”
In her world Jane Carter was royal: the Sultana of Blood and Pain. They called her “lady” and “mistress” and surely no one had ever shoved her inside a closet. This is why she’d made it her life’s rule never to love. Love burned good sense to ash.
Watson dared not speak or shake his head. He couldn’t stop blinking. It was getting harder to breathe.
His was an impressive instrument hard. Jane always thought it quite the waste of good flesh, since he didn’t consider his cock a sexual organ at all. He was no less impressive soft, nestled against the hair on his thigh and the scars on his skin like a snake basking in the sun. Such an unbelievably beautiful man, a work of art before she made him into her best canvas.
“I’d never known what it is to be a good man before you showed me.”
Watson gave the groomsman an apologetic look. “Am I not lucky to be his problem?”
It happened so often, things like this, that he’d lost a certain edge to his fear. And this time, well, he wasn’t sure if death by torture would be worse than what he was enduring with Holmes.
“Release me at once.” He sounded like the stern soldier, at least, while his spirit cowered in his skin. He’d seen her work on Sir Victor’s skin. He knew she could keep him in pain for hours. For days, if she wanted.
She took a moment to really look at him: tall and underfed, cant of his stance suggesting a weakness in one leg. He kept the gun in his hand though he’d lowered his arm. When he said “It’s wrong” he’d flashed a look at the other man, his companion. An almost involuntary flick of his blue eyes, linking wrong with this other man.
Holmes rolled his eyes. “Now now, it always turns out to be such a romp when we work together. Cast your mind back to the Grainesley case.”
She rubbed tears from her face. She was the Sultana of Blood and Pain, goddamn it all, goddamn Victor and his stupid love. She was the Sultana of Blood and Pain, and the world would pay for her weaknesses. And for her shaming, Solomon Jones would suffer like no man ever before.
The sofa springs squeaked, loud in the breathless silence after John’s shout. John raised his head to see Sherlock sitting up and staring at him. Humiliation flooded through John, that Sherlock would see him so maudlin, so out of control. He couldn’t stop shaking and he felt the tears on his face. Sherlock had to see. Sherlock saw it all.
“But he was leaving the Queen’s service,” Holmes countered quickly. “His heart must’ve been displaced from his work, hmmm?”
John recognized what he saw in Sherlock’s eyes. He felt it rise in himself, a warmth from the bottom of his spine, and he took two steps back, fast. His heart screamed out in rebuke. It had been just a reaction of surprise. Shock, really. He was still shocked. Bloody fucking hell. Half his body tried to get away, the other half wanted to get closer and his mind felt like it was ringing like a bell.
“No!”
The minute the words left him he knew they were a mistake. His eyes blurred and Christ he was going to cry right here and Sherlock would never let him forget it.
“This is what you saw.” John barely recognized his voice, hoarse and scratchy. “The Chemist and the woman he held hostage.”
The bland superiority made John clench his fist. He used it to gesture at it all -- the dead Chemist, the cut ropes. “Things have changed. Quite a lot.”
“It felt delightful.”
“I swear to you it is not lust that drives me, Victor. It’s genuine love. I’ve never, ever loved anyone before.”
Waiting for Mycroft’s gorillas with guns? Unacceptable. He’d raced the villain to his lair and won. The abandoned smelter crouched between a greasy, sluggish river and abandoned railroad tracks he’d followed on foot for miles. The Chemist would be here before nightfall, and all Sherlock’s questions would be answered.
“You were going to kill that woman not because she killed a man, but because she spoke an unwelcome truth.”
His vision was still blurred, but there was no denying what happened next. Just as the Chemist returned to stand by the victim, the mistress lunged forward and threw herself on top of the victim’s bound body. She locked her legs around one of his flailing ones, and Sherlock’s stomach lurched because her spine’s sinuous writhe and her hip thrusts made it clear that whatever was happening to her, it was profoundly erotic. The victim screamed and the hostage reared up, grinding her hips down. Her mouth was bloody, her jaw working, her throat swallowing.
Holmes didn’t look way and Watson wouldn’t be the one to lose, not this time.
Holmes sat directly beside Watson. Uncomfortably close. It was a two-seat settee for delicate old ladies, not two adult men.
“Most kind,” Watson said, just to challenge his oppression.
It was not the point of the knife that kept him from saying No right away. Shame rose up in his chest. He could never be enough the soldier. Never be enough the pure Platonic friend. His heart did ache badly, and he could think of no easier way to stop the pain.
“Tell me, doctor,” she asked, though she divided her attention between them. “What’s wrong?”
Mycroft was a big enough bastard to lie about this, just to make John perform the way Mycroft needed. And there was no possible way Sherlock... No possible way. So much blood on the sidewalk. John watched Sherlock fall. He’d heard bones breaking.
Jones jerked as if Holmes’ question was a slap across his cheek. “No, Mr. Holmes. You are entirely wrong.”
He jerked them open again when she cut away the first button on his shirt. “Tell me…”
Nithercott and their carriage were nowhere to be seen. Clouds choked the morning sunshine. Watson felt rain in the air.
Holmes’ stare was intense enough to leave palpable marks on Watson’s skin. “I know you are not this dense, Watson.”
Sherlock lifted his head, his neck and shoulders trembling with strain. “John. Please.”
“Thank you. For being here.”
Suddenly Watson felt like he was not just alone in a cellar with this madwoman, but that all of London, all of the Empire, had faded away. He was alone, and powerless, and before long she would cut him with that knife.
Holmes relaxed so slightly that Watson doubted only he noticed. No one else knew Holmes well enough to register the small signs: the smoothing of one or two lines in his forehead, the shift in the rhythm of his breathing. So he didn’t want Watson conveniently dead, didn’t want to escape Watson’s perversion by letting the Sultana of Blood and Pain cut it out of his life. Watson felt himself relax a little, realizing it.
Waiting for them was Royal Special Inspector Jackson Nithercott, all six and a half feet of him, and now Watson’s day actually got worse.
“I found no record any order for replacement closet doors. I spoke with all the house staff, and no one performed the installation. The gardener finally admitted he saw the originals stacked behind a shed, and he took them home for firewood.” Nithercott pulled a face that made his nose look even longer. “Such lovely craftsmanship, now firewood.”
“Ride with me back to London.” It was a demand, not an invitation. But a structure of fear, not arrogance, supported the words.
Sherlock leaned into him, a warm pressure on his shoulder. “Be easy, John.” He whispered so lightly John didn’t think Mycroft could hear, and Mycroft didn’t even try to, as if anything Sherlock could say to John was beneath Mycroft to bother. “Remember how frightened he is.”
The Chemist’s anticipation, the woman’s willing nudity, the lack of John -- no, no thinking of John! -- put Sherlock’s nerves on edge. There was something decidedly sensual building here, where past evidence confirmed blood would be spilled and a life taken.
His curiosity overcame his shame after a moment. What could make Nithercott humiliate himself by losing his breakfast? At least the bastard had breakfast.
With a sharp motion Victor tugged his hand free. He rubbed it, frowning. As always, when stressed, he fell back on the truth. “I want you to leave the Queen’s service, Solomon!”
In a stark demonstration of the urgency her Majesty felt about solving Sir Victor Greene’s murder, Watson and Holmes were delivered directly to Solomon Jones’ apartments. They seemed far more elegant than a royal advisor should be able to afford. A lovely fresh-faced country girl served them tea and scones, declaring in a sweet voice that Mister Jones would be only slightly delayed.
Watson prickled with an uneasy mixture of anticipation and anger. “What could I tell you that you haven’t already deduced?”
She studied her knot work. The main lay face down. The ropes exaggerated the path of his vertebrae, running like a fishbone from the base of his neck to the base of his spine before sliding around his hip bones. He was a tall man, nothing but bones and lean muscle. The scars on his skin came from dock accidents, large and small. Their randomness offended her.
“Mmmm.” Watson closed his eyes because the room would not stay still. He loved to see Holmes eat. He so often forgot to, and when he did, he always looked like the taste of things surprised him in such a delightful way. What was it like to re-experience mundane little details with the clarity of a child, again and again? “At least I’d be in your mouth before I died.”
Solomon Jones kept screaming, his voice broken and gurgling, as they hobbled up out of the cellar into the twilight, clutching each other, not letting go.
And John recalled that whatever Sherlock had witnessed, it had frightened him right into sticking a needle in his arm.
“Which is why I need to you run over to Tawdry Missus and bring back bandages.”
“If you close your eyes it’s no different from a woman,” Solomon whispered, voice quivering, eyes wide and pleading.
Holmes pulled off Watson’s boots, which he thought was so thoughtful. He wiggled his toes.
“These closet doors are practically new.” Holmes rapped it with his knuckles. “And hideously out of place.” He waved a hand at the deeply polished, artistically carved door and wainscoting. The closet door was plain and painted a dull brown -- an attempt perhaps to blend in.
Watson drew himself up to full height, but still had to tilt his head to glare at the leader. “Let me by. I have a ticket on the early train to Brighton.” Or world have, once he got to the station to buy it. A one-way ticket away from his shame at betraying his best friendship with his body’s base demands.
Jones blinked twice, his expression gone completely blank. Then a sincere look of shock and horror overcame his features. If Watson wasn’t fluent in Holmes’ rubber-faced deceptions, he would have been fooled completely.
As a man died just twenty feet away, Watson fumbled with his fly, whispering, “Holmes, please,” until Holmes opened his own. Watson reached inside and Holmes took hold of Watson, Jones’ screams getting throaty and wet. Watson pushed their hips together and it took no time, he’d barely touched Holmes’ entire length, Holmes’ fingers shaking around his own. He sank his teeth into Holmes’ neck and Holmes bit the top of Watson’s ear and then, after a breathless moment they were both laughing.
“Do you want him to?” She pulled her arm back.
Sherlock shouted hoarsely. John rode through Sherlock’s bucking, clenching his jaw, nursing blood from the wound. It coated his mouth. His throat contracted, sucking it down. The emptiness inside filled, such satisfaction, such intense satisfaction. Sherlock didn’t just glow now, John did, too. He rose up on his knees, brain blanked with relief. But then ache that had been in his belly shifted lower. He put his hands on Sherlock’s ribs to steady himself, suddenly out of air. Suddenly, painfully hard, needing more now, more and more. It hurt worse, the needfulness, because of that momentary ease. Humiliation flooded him and he choked on the blood still in his throat.
Holmes grip on Watson’s arm tightened. “Extraordinary.”
“She hasn’t cut me.”
Jones said, “I know you want something from me, Victor. Tell me what it is.”
Watson clenched his jaw. The closet doors were replaced to facilitate the watcher inside. But Nithercott didn’t know there was a watcher. He was the hapless mouse and Holmes the cruel tabby.
“It was please--”
A whisper of “My God” and a more forceful, “Please stop,” broke Jane’s concentration. She whirled towards the sounds, feeling the tip of her knife catch both skin and rope. Peripherally she saw the man’s body lurch precariously while she focused on the two men come through the boxwood hedge.
Twist of the wrist, each button popped free. “...who you love.”
Holmes sighed. “I will always want you to come home.”
Counted the steps going up, too. A narrow hallway, a naked bulb hanging from a dangling socket. An open doorway at the top.
“You bastard, you aren’t dead.”
If he took his shirt off now, John felt like his skin would come off with it. He’d take off his clothes and his skin would rip right off with the fabric, then his muscles would uncoil and his blood vessels would unravel, his entrails would plop out and he’d be nothing but a hollow skeleton.
“Tighter, please. No escape.”
Jones screamed and Holmes leaned back to look into Watson’s eyes. Watson took Holmes’ hand from his breeches and put the bloody, sticky fingers into his mouth.
The drug. The drug in the victim wasn’t for the victim. The drug in the victim was for the hostage mistress.
She wished there was something left of her to bleed out when she cut him. It was different from cutting Victor. She had no deep connection with this man. When she cut Victor his transcendence and glory in the pain washed back on her like an ocean tide, raising her up high enough to make his skin so beautiful. When she cut this man, she felt nothing but a far-away echo of a memory of how it used to be, and that hollowed her out even more.
“John. Fight it.” Sherlock stared at him with wide eyes. He kicked out, tangling his feet up with John’s.
Liar. Whether Sir Victor had sexual relations with the woman who cut his skin or not, the level of sharing and trust between them made her equivalent to his lover. Maybe even more than his lover.
Watson scanned the river’s surface for bubbles of breath or ripples of movement, anything to prove Holmes survived the explosion. The burning barge cast huge, flickering shadows across the river. Screams cut the air, any one of them possibly the last sound of Holmes’ life.
The groomsman shook his head. “Luck’s what you need, sir.”
Watson looked away. “I was just going to Brighton for a few days.”
She moved the blade from his nipple to the crotch of his pants. He jerked his hips backwards, feet scrambling to stay on the dirt floor.
Jones looked down modestly. “We have nothing to show for our lives on this earth if we do not leave our children better in it.”
They were outside Victor’s crypt. Or what would be his crypt, once the Queen was done with his body. The Queen. She would at some point need to kill her rival. But for the Queen she and Victor would be on a boat to the colonies. In order, though, it must be done in order. Solomon Jones first. Her wounds still raw, Jane didn’t feel up to killing the Queen quite yet.
The other man actually flinched at the doctor’s words. He seemed to be fluent in the doctor’s unconscious communication.
The scarring fascinated him, and he wasn’t entirely sure why. He talked it out to Holmes, as he always did, trusting the detective to rearrange the tiles of his observations into a picture that could shed light on the mystery.
“You’re drunk.”
John laughed, both at the irony and to defuse the tension between them. “Sherlock Holmes, don’t die again.”
“Too soon to tell.”
Strange. She never considered the possibility of sympathetic knife wounds, but when Jones cut Victor’s femoral artery he cut something vital in Jane, too. If her milky smooth skin had split, too, when she sliced into Victor would he have loved it as much? No. Victor understood that giving pain made her glow like being hurt set him on fire. Though, not any more. Solomon Jones had cut the capacity for pleasure out of her.
Sherlock winced and turned his head. “You haven’t brushed your teeth in what smells like a month.”
Holmes did not sit. He twitched through the over-furnished room, dodging like a cat around potted plants and carved plinths. Behind the heavy curtains the window showed a view of a garden bench, the last clinging blooms on a mature rose bush. This Solomon Jones must come from family money. This place had the sense of age. The furniture, the appointments were slightly outdated. All inherited from his mother, perhaps, or an aunt, and not replaced. Solomon Jones either did not care, or could not afford to update.
John didn’t move. He didn’t look away.
Sherlock took two steps away, then stopped. He turned and looked down at John. “I want to do that again.”
From over by the closet, Holmes chided, “Don’t be so unimaginative.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said again.
“John!”
“This is trust, Holmes. This is the most frightening example of complete trust, one man to another, I believe I’ve ever witnessed.”
“You’re lucky I don’t kill you all over again right here,” John slammed Sherlock's head against the floor again, “right now, you utter---”
Watson found himself utterly unable to move. He’d been nailed to the cobblestones by three words: the Greek way. Shame filled up his lungs. He couldn’t catch his breath. What must Holmes think of him? His perversion was no doubt killing the most valuable friendship he’d ever had. If Watson felt penned in London by the case, Holmes must feel filthy, forced to be so close to the Watson’s deviance.
But Sherlock’s question echoed in John’s mind. Who do you want? Six months of drowning in loneliness and regret. Six months of not having. And now he knew exactly who he wanted.
It came down hard, shattering the breathless silence. His heart hammering in his throat, John ran to the door.
Jane rolled her eyes.
“You have love,” she pointed with the knife tip. “But you fear it. You poison it, with fear.
Oh yes, I’d enjoy watching that. Jane acknowledged Solomon’s mechanistic greed. He’d exploited Victor’s compassion to escape prosecution. (And if one of the girls he sold had died somewhere, given the state of the Queen’s obsession with protecting children he might just have escaped the noose.) He looked forward to a comfortable life in France teaching eager young men about circulatory systems. No doubt he’d make half the class each term fall in love with him. He’d have enough cock to last him a lifetime but no, he wanted to taste the cock of the man he’d betrayed to win all these spoils. He’d survive just fine on the streets, would Solomon Jones.
“Marvelous plan.” John felt like one faint star in the whole night sky. “No pressure on me at all.”
Turning to obey, he said, “She ain’t broke to saddle, no sir.”
Watson glanced over his shoulder to see Solomon Jones waiting a respectful distance, three pew rows back.
John cleared his throat. He aimed his words at Mycroft, but both Holmes brothers tensed. “Do you have any idea what this Chemist plans next?”
It was a lit stick of dynamite and she knew it. Mr. Bright Eyes froze in absolute shock. The blonde in denial raised the gun. She closed her eyes and hoped he only wounded her. Feeling pain would be better than the nothingness.
“You were his friend?” Holmes managed to put only the slightest spin on the word “friend.”
John slipped his arm from under Sherlock’s hand, gripped Sherlock’s upper arm, shook him slightly. “Of course.”
“I think you underestimated things when we found the body,” Holmes said, slowly circling the slab. His eyes glittered in the dirty light. “Complete trust between two men, you said.”
“It’s okay, John. I know you tried.”
John tried to focus on Sherlock but the world jittered. Whatever the Chemist had dropped in his eye lit a fire down every one of John’s nerves. He’d only felt this screaming sense of anticipation when there’d been a gun held to his head. His senses magnified everything: the oily smell of whatever abandoned garage held them, the way the skin over Sherlock’s ribs twitched as he breathed, the musty smell of the Chemist as he pulled down his overalls.
And drunk he got, sitting alone in the corner of a dock-bar by the Thames, the river smell more sour than the beer-urine-sweat bouquet inside the rickety walls.
This little room, with its damp stone walls and greasy shadows, echoed with silence.
He’d never before been this starved, cored out, so needful.
Weeping, Jones did as he was ordered.
Holmes dropped to his haunches and traced a pattern barely imprinted on the carpeted floor.
Holmes nodded, and Watson kept his eyes locked on Homes’ face. The jagged confused expression on it, like a man about to step off a cliff and expecting to survive.
“Mr. Holmes, you must help me.”
Was there anything he wouldn’t do for that wrinkled old bat with her stupid high collars? She was stupid to be jealous of the Queen. She had nothing but grief and land and responsibilities. Jane was the Sultana of Blood and Pain. She had Victor’s heart. And more inconveniently, he had hers.
Neither spoke for long enough for John to get uncomfortable. He was just staring -- he’s alive. He didn’t want to, but couldn’t stop himself. Shifting in his chair, he prompted, “The Chemist. The poisoner.”
The Chemist was unnaturally tall, gaunt, like a preying mantis. He wore neat brown coveralls, blue latex gloves, square-lensed eyeglasses. His chin and nose and elbows and knees looked sharp enough to puncture skin. He radiated a palpable sense of anticipation.
“Get Mycroft here. I’m sticky,” John wiped his palms on his pants, “and I smell ungodly.”
Watson followed the track of Holmes’ breath until his shut up his ramblings with a kiss. Holmes’ grabbed Watson’s head in both hands, fingers tugging. Teeth caught on lips and scraped together, more blood and pain.
Not much dignity, though, being pushed into a chair. His aggressor loomed over him. “Where’s Holmes? He leaving too?”
Watson had learned to judge the importance of a royal event by the height and extravagance of the ladies’ hats. Judging by how thoroughly obscured his view of the pulpit was, Watson realized just how popular among the quality folk Sir Victor Greene had been. He saw Solomon Jones sitting in the third row, his spine straight as a good soldier’s should be through suffering. Jones, who claimed to be Sir Victor’s intimate friend, but had no discernable knowledge of the scars decorating Sir Victor’s skin.
John blew out a breath between clenched teeth. “It was the drug--”
Watson had managed to dress and meet Holmes in the sitting room. Now he took the pair of spectacles Holmes handed him and dutifully attached them to his face. The lenses were darkened, making the light less aggressive and for that he was grateful.
Forgotten in their own drama playing out, Jane’s heart opened up in a rush of burning fury. Lava split her vessels and veins, boiling to her surface. Here was love, while she was alone. Here was love denied by propriety, by respectability, by all that’s proper. She was alone, and she hated that blonde man who could have love, if he only had the courage. She longed to make him suffer for his cowardice.
“Jesus Christ,” Watson whispered.
“There was no medical need. Holmes, this is art.” As horrible as it was, contemplating a man suffering time and time again under a blade, the beauty was undeniable.
“She cut his throat, Watson, I’m fine.”
“A lot of bleeding, but I don’t think she cut anything vital.” His voice sounded so calm, when inside he wailed. He wanted to grab Holmes and never let go. Instead, he pulled off his own coat, balled it up and pressed it against Holmes’ wound hard enough to earn a grunt of pain.
“Must you?” Watson snapped.
“You left me believing you were...goddamn it Sherlock. Do you even know ...?” John bit down on his tongue. Sherlock didn’t think he was real now, but he’d find out his mistake soon enough. And he surely wasn’t going to say anything like Do you even know how it almost killed me?
“In reference to the cutting, yes. But this -- “
Now Watson understood. Jones was placing himself in the role of Sir Victor’s secret lover, and anticipating it, Holmes was creating an audience Jones believed would be sympathetic. Watson’s face caught fire, furious and ashamed and humiliated.
When he felt the Chemist move away, John looked back. Sherlock curled his bound body as far from the Chemist as he could manage. The Chemist advanced on his with an antique hypodermic needle.
“Poison or drugs.”
Sherlock nodded briefly. He didn’t look up. “The drugs made her attack the victims, bite them,” Sherlock’s voice wavered a little, “for the other drug. Then, she and the Chemist…” Sherlock shrugged. “After, they killed the victims.”
As if sensing the cascade of emotion rising in him, Holmes kicked Watson in the shin while Jones gazed with pensive sorrow out the window into the garden.
“That was terrible,” Holmes said when it was over. “Forgive me.”
“Better a new pain,” Watson whispered. “Surely better a new pain. At least for a while.”
She told him she wouldn’t wait for him. And now he was dead.
Instead, Sherlock put his hands on John’s shoulders. There was an expression on Sherlock’s face John had never seen. Not that elusive regret. Something intense and almost intrusive, reaching down through John’s eyes to set a hook deep in his guts.
“What is your opinion on the state of the body, Doctor Watson?”
John sat there, watching Sherlock follow the thread of his own question and totally ignore what John needed to know. Something inside John snapped, and he didn’t realize what he was doing until he was hurtling through the air. He knocked Sherlock onto his back and held down his shoulders, so John could put his face in Sherlock’s and demand again, “How could you do that to me?”
Watson pitched forward precariously as he stepped from the carriage. The groomsman caught his arm to steady him. “Alright then, sir?”
"No. She was very discreet about what you'd allow her to tell me," John says, wanting to defend her. Sherlock has never come home from a session angry at Doctor Pichler like this.
"Didn't have anything in the house for the pain. Well, except for…"
Sherlock curses. The Dolce & Gabbana dress shirt underneath the jumper will be ruined, but at least he's wearing the old, mangy jumper and not his eight-hundred-pound suit jacket, which is currently draped on a kitchen chair. It probably smells like a smokehouse now, too. He slips off the jumper and carefully unbuttons his shirt while the crimson from his arm seeps out and drips onto the barren ground. Grunting from pain and annoyance, he slip out of the shirt and wraps it around his arm. It'll be ruined, and he has nothing else to wear under the woollen, scratchy jumper. His pale torso is quickly to goosebump, and soon a sudden flash of cold both from the air and the blood loss makes his stomach lurch and a violet shiver travel down his form. Hurrying to the house makes him dizzy, and he is forced to sit on the eroded concrete block serving as the landing in front of the door before he's able to climb the three steps to get inside. There are no medical supplies in the house — he would have found them by now in his search for food and other useful things. The blood has now drenched the shirt through. Gripping the edge of it with his teeth, he wraps the shirt even tighter around his arm, and drapes his long, woollen coat around his shoulders for a bit of warmth. His vision keeps gaining black dots and he knows he should stop moving, but he must call for help first. He's not lost enough blood yet for it to be life-threatening, probably won't even warrant a transfusion, but being so deprived of food and sleep and tea and peace of mind, it's hardly surprising that such a modest injury would drain his energy.
"I'll show you the way?" John suggests amicably.
If he only attempted to cooperate with the care he's being given! You know it's just an emotional coping mechanism — a crappy one — that he fights everyone and everything; tries to refuse and decline things on principle, but it grates on your nerves to see the nurses and your fellow physicians being subjected to his cantankerous obduracy. Routine inquiries on whether he'd have use for the bedpan and the existence of such medical paraphernalia as the Foley catheter are regarded as profound insults on his dignity and intelligence. He delivers scathing, extensive rants on subjects such as the torture of the artificial fibres in the hospital-issue clothes, and he won't touch the hospital food no matter how many times you tell him he can't build up his strength on tea and Mrs Hudson's treats alone.
Where the hell was Mycroft’s tactical team?
“Old boy, my Watson,” Holmes panted the words against Watson’s cheek, “love me and I shall love you back, if I can, I don’t know if…”
She leaned in close, so that Watson felt her breath on his mouth when she asked, “Does your heart hurt so badly that you want to die, Dr. Watson?”
Sherlock cocked his head, a smile tugging at his mouth. “Have they really?”
Why was he now snatching street people? Why was he killing those street people in a violent frenzy after he flooded their blood and flesh with a unique psychoactive drug? And why did forensics find saliva from the missing mistress in bite marks on the victims?
John toppled to one knee, the pain of impact so far away. “I can’t, Sherlock. I…” He raised his head, struggling to clear his mind long enough to see how frightened Sherlock was.
“Thank you.” Jane had to force her voice to be loud enough for him to hear. “Thank you.”
Sherlock’s voice hooked into John and pulled him around, twisted him physically so he stood over Sherlock’s bound body. Sherlock’s skin seemed to take on a golden glow. John’s nose flooded with a sweet spice, something that set his mouth watering. Shocked at the sudden aching hunger, no starvation, he stumbled back until a wall stopped him. He was seven steps from Sherlock and all that distance was a physical grinding in the pit of his stomach.
“Never leave me,” Holmes said. Still not a request. Still an order, a demand, like the only universe he’d accept was one where Watson was at his side.
The carriage pulled up to the back entrance of the Queen’s hospital. Watson pushed out even before the horses had stopped stamping. There wasn’t enough air in there, what with Holmes’ proximity and Nithercott’s hapless stupidity. Watching Holmes play with Nithercott made Watson fear utterly becoming Holmes’ next mouse.
“It was.” Watson could barely breathe. “Holmes, you bastard.”
“How did you even manage to get yourself up?” He bent to check the wound. Holmes had been right; he had been able to slow the loss of blood considerably.
And there it was: confirmation. The case always came first.
Watson had to bite his lip to keep from grinning. Holmes’ capacity to be infuriating knew no limits.
When he looked up at Watson, his face clearly demanding an exit and now, his eyes shifted over Watson’s left shoulder and his lips pressed together in what Watson knew as an attempt not to shout.
Watson would have said the body had been mutilated by the scarring he’d endured in life, but now truly the corpse was mutilated. The left pectoral looked as if someone had...chewed it away. In Afghanistan Watson treated wounds that he’d never seen the like of before or after. Projectiles and explosives rearranged flesh and blood in peculiar ways, but this. The teeth marks were visibly evident. The scraps of torn flesh splattered out on the floor, spat there?
The gun went off but she felt more of nothing. She opened her eyes and saw the blonde on the ground, knocked there by the dark-haired one who stared down at him with his mouth open and eyes wide.
Watson sucked in a deep breath as she increased the pressure of the blade against his nipple. “Never.”
Today would be her fifth murder. Before administering the fatal dose to the dancer, she’d killed three times before. Victor had asked her that once, dimming the afterglow of one of their earlier sessions. Back then, his skin had been dishearteningly smooth. They’d only begun to make it right.
“That’s accurate, actually.” John grabbed Sherlock’s hair and banged his head off the floor. “I’ve been pretty much pissed to the moon since you died in front of me!” John banged Sherlock’s head again. “And, you smell like shit yourself Mr. Druggie. What’s that about? Hmmmmm?”
Sherlock climbed up the pressurized tank, his footfalls raising low, echoing thumps. He hoisted himself up into the exposed metal rafters to wait. Either the Chemist would arrive and display all the answers in situ, or Mycroft’s goons would alert the Chemist his lair was compromised and Sherlock would need to start the investigation over, from scratch, with his quarry on the run.
With her face still sticky with tears she let her new bones carry her to the Queen’s hospital, where she knew Victor’s body would be. The locks were ridiculously easy to break. Who wanted to sneak into a place that housed the dead? Was there anything more useless than a corpse?
In a ridiculous tangle of arms and legs, they managed to climb the stairs. It all seemed so hilarious to Watson. By the time Holmes dumped him on his bed they were both laughing.
John heard the crunch of a boot behind him and he whirled. Not fast enough. He took the dart in his throat, just under his chin. He got out a half-shout, half gurgle, the world already spinning. There was a ridiculously tall and thin man, almost too thin to be living, oversized square glasses tight on the bridge of his nose. His yellow teeth flashed in a predatory smile.
The Chemist groaned in a way that raised Sherlock’s hackles. He’d taken himself in hand and was watching the violence and stroking himself roughly. The hostage reached out to the Chemist. Sherlock could only see her profile, and even with his wavering focus there was no denying the need, the passion, the hunger, on her face.
Solomon Jones let out a long breath. His shoulders drooped and his head tilted forward. He took the papers from Victor’s hand. “I thought...I thought you wanted something else. I thought you wanted me.”
“That’s not --” But it was. Watson’s nerves went tingling cold.
Watson forced himself to silent stillness, forced himself to breathe deeply, evenly. He would not lose his dignity. Wouldn’t let her take it.
“How have you never done that before?” John asked, in command of his usual tone.
The mental image made him laugh.
“Hmmmm. Damask rose and ambergris and a sweet touch of peony. She was sweating.” He touched his fingers to the louvers near the handle, pointing out the slight oily smudges. “That’s why the perfume gave off such intense scent.”
Sherlock visualized a body, naked at least from the waist up. The bites had all broken the skin above the waist. A thin body, ribs exposed and filthy from street living -- all the victims were social cast-offs. No one cared that they died, and only Sherlock cared why and how they died. Their bodies had been dumped in various places in a twenty mile radius, no forensic clues but the hostage woman’s saliva, the bite marks and the mysterious psychoactive drug. Mycroft’s people had been working feverishly to break the formula, but the Chemist had been Moriarty’s most prized poisoner for a reason. So far they’d only uncovered tenuous evidence that the drug had been designed to work specifically on DNA markers in the captive mistress.
Jane’s mind split into a hydra, angry spitting serpents hissing opposing demands. Just give up. Force them to kill you. Kill them. Kill yourself. She lifted the knife, but for the first time in her life did not know what to do with it.
“I - I didn’t understand it. Not right away. It made no sense. It wasn’t a threat, exactly.”
Inside the smelter, the stale air seemed colder. Rust mottled the hulking pressurized tank in the center of the space, iron pipes curving down like spider’s legs, the gauges broken-faced and blinded.
Watson’s heel slipped into the coagulated blood. He stood there, shaking, surrounded by the blood of a murdered man, with a mystery engraved on his skin.
Holmes summoned up an ingratiating smile that set Watson’s teeth on edge to see. “This is my companion, Dr. Watson.” Holmes tapped his fingertips on Watson’s knee. “He’s here to listen.”
Holmes’ face screwed up into the worst of his sneers. “I can’t live with you hating yourself, Watson. I cannot...wait.  Hating yourself. Watson, you’re brilliant.”
“Watson! I need you!”
“I never did this. I thought I never would.”
Jones’ expressed lengthened to such sadness. “I was, and he was mine, and now I am alone.”
“The mythic Sherlock Holmes, here in my sitting room. What a delight.”
Every motion must have been agony, no matter how quick or slow, no matter the trajectory or the angle. Yet her face, even with her eyes hidden, evinced nothing but glory and transcendent joy.
pathology = a study of abnormal things in the body
"At least come with me," Sherlock pleads.
"Perhaps he'd permit me to say that he feels certain expectations very acutely and intensely when you are ill or injured. And certain things in his past, in his family dynamic, make it extraordinarily difficult for him to acknowledge his own needs."
"After Afghanistan, it took some time to repair the damage done to your relationship by John's difficult recovery. Did you even confide in someone about the way he behaved towards you, then? Did you have a support person who told you his behaviour was not acceptable?"
"Sherlock?"
If I could tell him about the diagnosis, can't I tell him everything, anything? Why is it this thing, this minuscule thing, this virus, that would bring forth such a sudden honesty?
, the correct charge is that of manslaughter," Halloran explain. "The timing of his actions could point to a spontaneous decision rather than a premeditated act."
"He had all the instruments there. There wasn't that much left in the operation when the guy shot Steph. I don't know what had been said or why he ended up doing that. He was there for over an hour."
"I guess."
"No dissection. It's got to be a valve issue," the internal medicine consultant tells you when she returns, crumbs on her sleeve. "I've called cardiology; we've got an ultrasound room in the next corridor they use for acute cases. Dr Stamford promised to be here shortly."
be avoiding them."
Sherlock makes a mental note to steer the conversation somewhere else if Violet keeps nagging him about manners. He knows it's one of his pet peeves when it comes to her behaviour. After doing a lot of work with Dr Pichler on changing his own attitude towards dealing with her, he finds it a lot easier not to be as hurt and frustrated as he used to, by various things she says and does. There's a sense of truce between them — their interactions could now be described as generally amicable but far from affectionate. Things have gone so well lately, that Sherlock had agreed to spend a weekend in Sussex. This is the first time after that dreadful Christmas that he has agreed to a visit longer than just one evening, and has visited on his own only once — to watch the documentary in which he'd starred with his mother but returned home later that night.
"Alright," Sherlock relents. He then frowns. "When are you on call next?"
afraid of is his brain’s ability to come up with justifications to do so. It'll be easier to decide, now, what he will or will not do. What he might decide later is a whole other matter.
[From G. Lestrade at 14:21] I THOUGHT YOU SAID HED BE DISCHARG TONIGHT
"John is not abusive. I can talk to him, well,
"Good morning," Mycroft says to his brother. He has now come a bit closer, but allows you to commandeer the immediate territory of the bed. "Can you tell us how you're feeling?" he prompts his brother.
"Do you mean that the issues you're having now are easier to conceal from John because they are not somatic?"
John seeks eye-connection and finds it. He needs Sherlock to listen to him. "Anderson has sorted it all out. He finished the operation." He realises that he hadn't really spoken with Lestrade about his plans for tomorrow. Obviously, none of the staff involved in the incident should be expected to go in, but John is most definitely staying at home to look after Sherlock. Looking at his bewildered partner, he wonders how much information they'd been able to get out of Sherlock. Anyone would be rattled and in shock after such an event. While Sherlock had clearly kept himself together in the OR, once the whole ordeal was over, John can imagine he would have had a hard time keeping up with the chaos of the aftermath.
. John practically sent me here because he thinks I needed…
. You even opened the door for him, hand on the small of his back'n'all. A girl notices these things, seeing as you never did any of it for me after I chucked off my knickers."
After tucking himself back into his trousers and re-buttoning his coat, he attempts to close the door to the rickety latrine. Wind whistles through the holes in its walls, and an old styrofoam ring placed on the seat for warmth levitates in the draft. Sherlock stares at it, wondering if this is a safe house or Mycroft's covert penal colony for misbehaving agents.
"Leukocytes thirteen, CRP a hundred and twenty. Looks like this developed fast and got fixed early enough. They even drew blood cultures."
John pats Sherlock’s shoulder, then leans in for a quick hug during which he leans his upper body to the side, perhaps to avoid speaking directly in Sherlock's direction to avoid contagion. “I’ll be fine. I’ll see you after.”
Sherlock knows his boss is trying to be supportive — trying to help him regain perspective — but nothing changes the fact that he's messed up.
"You've got a headache?"
[01.18] I was ASLEEP
John thinks he can, having been in a war zone. His ears perk up again when they pick up on the sound of the bathroom above-sink cabinet open and close several times, but the tap isn't turned on. The toilet flushes, and then the bathroom is silent.
"––lower my blood pressure. Honestly, John, have you so completely failed to notice my extensive knowledge of human physiology?"
"John," he finally says, just as you're about to bolt towards the elevators. '
"I think that oath would have been very differently worded if Hippocrates had to deal with twenty-first century NHS patients."
Sherlock indicates with a flick of his wrist that John should continue.
You could tell him the IEDs you saw in Kandahar never emitted any kind of ticking, but he wouldn't want to be corrected, now. Why had he told you he got used to the sound? Why had he lied? You're getting whiplash from his mood swings, from his constant denial-flirting-with-crisis way of dealing with what's happened.
"Aren't you being a bit too hard on yourself?" John asks.
"You're really going to operate?" Sherlock asks. "When? How?"
He should flee, grab his violin, calm himself down. This doesn't concern John; obviously, it's all Sherlock's fault. It's always his fault. He doesn't understand himself, can't name the storms of emotions tearing through his Mind Palace, even though he's spent his life trying to bolt the windows and doors from such things. He's never had the words for them, can't even begin to organise them without the help of some therapist. John has just told him how he needs Sherlock to be the sensible one right now, to maintain his normal state, which is nothing deserving praise, but at least it's what they're both used to. What passes for normalcy in Sherlock's brain is not calm or stable or
"A serial killer with an axe."
"I'll need to see more than just your wrist. Did you bang up anything else when you fell into that skip?" John interrogates. Perhaps Sherlock will be more forthcoming now that the brother has been evicted. John is reminded by obstinate teenagers who think their parents are too lame to exist.
"I didn't have
"I want these off. All of them,
, it's hideous John, it's got static electricity and it's clammy and I can't––" There's a panicked edge to his voice.
"Anderson finished the op, and A&E has been reopened. The parking lot's still a beehive since there's forensics guys here and the Met is packing up, but most of all there's a lot of press."
bedroom, as Sherlock calls it now. He has plans for it, you see. Plans which do involve filling the space up with chemistry equipment and which most decidedly don't involve you sleeping anywhere but by his side, where you belong.
While the others trail out of the room Noreen Ansell lingers behind, vacillates at the door before pivoting on her high heel to address Sherlock again. "Our job is to protect
"If I knew what answer to give him, I wouldn't have come here," she finally answers.
Sherlock, visibly frustrated, rises from the sofa and goes to the bedroom, John is polite pursuit. Sherlock discards his dressing gown and slumps down to sit on the bed while John watches from the doorway.
Lestrade tells John that the Trust has received emails from the public, even handwritten letters. There's even a death threat, and though it doesn't mention Sherlock, it contains a rant about surgeons walking around murdering people and being let off the hook that the connection to the media frenzy seems obvious. Lestrade hasn't read all the received correspondence, but he summarises what he knows to John: the case has become a conduit for people who feel that they or their loved ones are the victims of uncaring, bad doctors, of medical negligence and malpractice. Roger Fairholme is their Robin Hood, not a murderer. Some online commenters go as far to say that what Fairholme did was justified, that this had to happen for the rot in the NHS to come to light. That
"In my line of duty, injuries are a fact of life." He may not be a soldier or an MI6 agent, but the statement still applies.
"That just makes me wonder what's wrong with the ones that didn't think so."
Sherlock gives him a brief glance. His features have softened a bit. "The anatomy of this thing should be interesting."
What is wrong with him these days? Everything is fine — more than fine, in fact. Things at GOSH are rolling forward steadily with the new research, and the new centre has established its standard operating procedure. There's nothing new going on at King's and, for all intents and purposes, his marriage is functioning normally. Why can't he escape the feeling that he's chasing his own tail, that his brain is gnawing on its own thoughts like some mythical cannibalistic creature absorbing its offspring in the womb? Things are so stable that sometimes he even struggles to find Edgar things to do. In fact, he might have to cut his PA's hours since having him in the sitting room just drinking tea makes John visibly uneasy still.
. Not that Sherlock knows how he should act when that happens. Right now, he just wants John back.
, John reminds himself. Joanna seems to think John's task is to create normalcy, even though there is very little of that in a life shared with Sherlock Holmes even when there's no crisis on.
Sherlock thinks.
George takes Natch out while Violet and Sherlock watch the evening news. Sherlock misses half of it because he's reading on his tablet an online-first version of an article he'd helped John write. It's the first research article John has to his name, so Sherlock texts him the link and his congratulations. John doesn't have a curated system of tracking new journal articles like he does, so he may not have spotted it yet. Sherlock is uncertain how much use his advice and editing have been for John in this endeavour, but it feels good to have one area in which he could be useful to his husband.
"Stress," Mycroft says plainly. "Dr Walthard spoke to him for some time after he was brought back to the day-surgical unit. I was asked to step out."
"He did tell me, and I don't care either way.”
Sherlock realises her opinion is likely useless since there is no guarantee she is more an expert on the protocols of the Royal Army Medical Corps or the specific tastes of one member thereof. Why is he wasting his time at this appointment?
The second John steps away from the coat rack, he gets tackled against the nearest wall. Sherlock's hungry, demanding, desperate lips are smearing on his own, licking and sucking nipping down his neck at a dizzying pace. John can barely keep up as eager, frantic hands tug at his clothing, shifting from spot to spot so fast there isn't time to even finish undoing a button or undoing a hidden trouser clasp. Sherlock is everywhere at once, and not even the sentences he gasps against John's skin are finished before another idea, another act tears him away on his quest for one thing and one thing only: John, all of John, right now.
"Over half the money we pay the GMC in subscription fees goes to that bloody inquisition, so what the hell is taking them so long?! There's a fee to register and an annual fee to remain in the register, all for the upkeep of a paralegal system that makes doctors put doctors on trial. It's
_______________
John isn't really understanding him because he doesn't want to hear these things, wouldn't want to know how disgustingly self-centred the sense of being paralysed under the pressure makes Sherlock when he can't meet the expectations of others. He thinks Sherlock is having some sort of a
I don't know how to do this, John. I know it's not easily transmittable. I know this, but a part of me won't believe it. The skin on my hands is cracked, and I hide them by sticking them in my trouser pockets.
"Have a rest and a bite to eat," Lestrade tells Sherlock. "You can have this office while I pop down to the ITU. I'll give you a report on how our patient's doing after."
"But if I don't tell Sherlock, then what do I say? He was suspicious about my surgical records; I could tell. What if he asks me about it again?"
Your answer is a quiet hum and somehow, you're convinced he's heard you and understood — if not your words, then at least the reassurance within them.
John doesn't even bother with a goodbye.
"No, he spared a patient with a fatal cerebral haemorrhage from unnecessary pain and suffering," John counters. "You can argue as many times as you want that I wasn't there so I can't make this judgement, but I am sure, I am
"Why?"
was just your imagination because it's frightening in its intensity. You know when he's upset though he is outstandingly skilled at hiding it. Or is he? Not from you. Not from Mycroft. Is it just that for most people, the fake persona he projects that does not feel or have remorse is credible enough?
"But it's not true! I wouldn't change him, I just wish… I just wish the world was easier on him. For him. That everything wasn't such a fight. Half of that fight he creates himself because he always goes on the offence, never lets people get to know him. In some ways, he's picked the worst possible job because he's right — so much of it is about people and not about surgery."
"Don't borrow trouble, love," John says softly. "Maybe the outcome would have been the same even if seven doctors had spent two days talking to Fairholme. When people decide to hate someone, to blame someone instead of trying to accept the inevitable, they don't listen."
"Have you even had echoc–– a heart ultrasound done?"
That love would never expire, never cease just because of death. The only thing that could have turned it into past tense is if he'd stopped loving John and that was not a possibility. He'd mistreated that love many times, dismissed it, hid it with shame, pushed it away, excused terrible things with it. But it stubbornly existed, nearly burnt his heart out.
He makes tea and forgets in on the kitchen counter while changing out of his suit and into pyjamas and his blue dressing gown. It's not quite evening yet, but John is also be in pyjamas, isn't he? Sherlock has always detested arbitrary rules about clothing and the proper use of rooms and household items. Had they gone to Sandhurst, they'd probably be at the hotel now, perhaps enjoying some leisurely paced sex and then getting ready for the dinner banquet.
"Well, what?"
John greets him with a bone-crushing hug, even offers the chair to him. Sherlock protests that he's not quite wrecked enough to need such service, but John silences his protest with a determined shake of his head and a peck on the cheek. They discuss their respective work weeks over the meal, and even Sherlock can tell John is making an effort to focus on him. It means he shouldn't bring his tablet or his phone to the dinner table; if he does that when John wants his attention, John will get annoyed. It's just one of the rules Sherlock has deduced and memorised through the years.
"You okay?" John asks quietly.
John is relieved that she didn't call attention to the fact that he'd summoned her.
"You don't always," Sherlock points out. "I've seen you in shouting matches with some drunk idiots."
"Well, GA is the way it works, really; we can't give you the shock without anaesthesia, it would just be…"
"I suppose MI6 people are at least marginally less incompetent than most of your profession," Sherlock dismisses.
Doctor Pichler sidesteps that, and explains further, "Many people have fantasies and behaviours that could fall under that term, and as long as they don't involve illegal things or behaviour that hurts or disturbs others, fetishes are perfectly fine. Sharing those thoughts with a partner can enhance trust and add variety to sex. Uniforms are associated with enhanced masculinity and authority, and their design emphasises certain male physical features. Also involved are weaponry and leather, both common objects of sexual interest."
"These are high ideals, not practical guidelines," the legal counsel says.
Sherlock makes note of the quality of John's speech: it's not as articulate as usual. He sits down on the edge of the bed, studies John's face, takes his pulse from his pounding carotid, touches the back of his hand to a clammy forehead. "You're burning up." How had he missed there being such a human-sized hot water bottle in bed?
"What do you mean, '
John has read his notes for the speech. Well, some of them. Joanna Pichler is the only one who's seen all of it. He'd sought her advice because she's much better at assessing how his colleagues might react to certain parts of it. There is still room left for improvisation, for elaboration, but Sherlock knows he'd best stick to the script for the most important points.
"My parents did, not me."
That's when he wakes up with a jolting gasp, chest heaving in panic.
Sherlock had hoped this might prompt John to tell him more, but the man remains silent.
When the flat finally grows silent after the front door closes behind the intelligence team, he recovers Victor's watch where he’d hid it behind a wall panel. Then, he grabs a glass paperweight and smashes the watch to bits.
The evening breeze is chilly, but it's a fair price to pay for a table at the edge of a balcony overlooking the sea from high on the cliff side.
Sherlock is certain that John would and suspects that Lestrade might also be inclined, but what about the others?
"It's a lot to take in." You're a broken record full of platitudes and want to kick yourself. "It's okay not to be able to… accept things yet. To feel like it's a bit much."
This seems to make him introspective again, cocooned in the grey linens of his duvet. "I shouldn't dwell on it. As you told me, there wasn't much of a decision to be made. Submit — or die."
"People like you. At A&Es."
"No."
"Sober?" John asks simply. He gently cradles the injured wrist on his own forearm while testing the range of motion of Sherlock's elbow and shoulder joints.
“You okay?” Harry asks. “Or never mind. You sound pretty calm to me.”
You try to draw a deep breath. "Sorry. Yeah, I'm John. Doctor. John Watson." You shake her hand, and her touch is firm but soft. Just what you'd want for Sherlock.
Sherlock doesn’t deal well with medical attention, hates strangers touching him. He can be confused and restless emerging from anaesthesia. You know this from experience. He’s prone to agitation and nausea even after smaller operations, let alone waking up at the ITU with his sternum sawed open and wired shut, drains coming out of his chest.
He hasn't quite thought of it that way before. He's been so focused on what he'd done with the vascular clip that it hadn't quite sunk in that Zezelj could have just as easily bled out when the aneurysm wall tore. It was mostly luck, not skill, that allowed him to get that clip in blind.
"To avoid distractions, mostly. I even left my phone with my secretary. I can do that now that I don't have patients. I like this place, come here often to think, and for a conversation that's not going to be about clinical medicine, we are best removed from a place where clinical medicine governs everything."
What you feel for Sherlock makes you a more patient man than you’ve ever been. You don’t want to rush; wherever he is, you are content to be close.
He didn't do anything wrong, per se, in his management of Sylvie Fairholme, but he didn't do things
not the time to discuss improvements," John growls playfully and climbs on top of him again, grabbing his wrists and pinning them on both sides of his head. He nudges Sherlock's thighs apart with his toes, then scoots backwards so that Sherlock's knees are pressed against his sides and he's leaning forward, trapping his husband between the headboard and himself. "Prat."
"Unless Sherlock later decides he does want to say something."
Why is the PA here? Sherlock hadn't requested any assistance with transport home. Has John cooked up some plan to surprise him?
She clears her throat, sips water from a bottle on her desk. "That email you sent me… Knowing your medical history, I need to ask: is there any chance your deteriorated mood has resulted in or was brought on by a relapse into substance use?"
"It'll have to do. I'm done," Sherlock declares, and pushes the chair away from the table to make room for John to stand by him and read.
"A patient whose brainstem has ceased functioning and who has thus lost the ability to breathe autonomously may die at any moment."
Sherlock isn't certain how or when his parents had realised that he is gay. Perhaps Mycroft had dropped a few hints, certain that Sherlock was never going to have that conversation? Then again, what more information would he have even had about Sherlock's romantic exploits, or lack thereof?
After a few minutes of looking around the room, John is startled when Sherlock clears his throat in the doorway. God knows how long he's been watching John scrutinise his things and by extension, his life. John puts the stuffed bat he'd picked up back on the shelf. He feels as though he's entered a small shop where the attendant is watching him like a hawk, unsure of whether he'll buy something or leave disappointed.
Sherlock knows those things are a poor substitute for someone who might want to stay. It's just that he doesn't have a choice in the matters.
John looks gentle. Tired. Kind. Then, his shoulders rise a bit and his posture changes, and Sherlock imagines it's an involuntary reaction to the anger John had read on his features. John swallows meticulously, exhales as if to conceal pain or unease. "Ready to tell me what's going on, then? You've barely said a word after you got home. Have I done something, said something wrong? You sounded okay on the phone and in your texts. I thought a weekend away would do you a world of good. Was I wrong?"
, he tells himself. He's better off without. He'll go home, play the violin…
a faulty valve which needed replacing. Got a bit touch-and-go, but he's pulled through."
he reminds himself because playing the blame game doesn't help anybody.
John chuckles, shaking his head. "I'm hesitating, because you just marched in–– well, got dragged in by your brother to see me, and now we're solving crimes and moving in together."
“Sherlock? You alright?” John asks, fingers curling gently into his shoulder.
"I'm not
John's expression is severe, but his eyes are glassy, slow to focus. A sheen of sweat glistens on his flushed cheeks, and his hair is even messier than usual. His coordination is off as he tries to kick a boot away from the doorway, after which he fixes his gaze on Sherlock with the menacing determination of a drunk man seeing something he doesn't like. Clearly, he is a man who's practiced being this drunk enough times to be able to stay upright and to compensate for some of the heavy drinking’s physical effects by slowing his movements down.
"Sherlock?" your tired feet are a bit uncoordinated after being pulled out of rest, but you're by his side in an instant.
Sherlock glances at the digital clock in the BMW's audio and navigation system and mutters some curses.
_____________
"No need to thank me. I was doing my job." Sherlock is tempted to apologise once more, but it has become obvious that nothing could sway Zezelj's opinion that he had done what he had promised, and the incident he had carried such guilt and shame for, while still a mistake, was seen by the patient as a price he was willing to pay for a chance at life after so many surgeons had turned him down.
"I don't like having them in the house."
John manages to shove an arm between them, laughing. "Put a lid on that, Ranger, until we get back to our room. Wouldn't want to get out of there just to get thrown in the brig for public indecency, hm?" He chides playfully, pushing Sherlock off his lap so that he can climb back onto his feet.
Sherlock feels too drained to pick that statement apart, to test whether it's just empty placation.
The incident discussed in this chapter regarding Sherlock's prior run-in with the GMC is detailed in the very first story in the series (Grey Matters).
It’s funny, really, how flimsy the construct of being 'clean' is. Whether that’s about the drugs or the smoking, all it takes to wreck years of smoke-free sobriety is a momentary imbalance between need and control. Sherlock has never conferred more value on abstinence that has lasted years as opposed to mere days; he suspects people who think like that have never used heroin. The first week without is the worst, thus requiring more fortitude than not using heroin five years down the road when memories of the finest highs have gathered an emotional layer of dust. There is a difference between chemical addiction and psychological addiction, each with a different half-life in the brain.
[sent at 14:42] And why is that?
He had expected some brainless pickup line involving the word "distraction", but instead Victor had stepped back, then presented to Sherlock two tablets of Vicodin and two lines of cocaine.
He doesn’t feel calm. He feels… unsure what to do. Painfully self-aware. Out of his depth, even though a hospital is a very familiar environment for him. “Who else should I inform?”
," Mycroft says pointedly. "Our parents very much doubted that he would have adapted to boarding."
_____________
"Talk about what?" he asks, dropping down into his usual armchair and tucking his legs underneath himself with the violin cradled in his lap because he needs something to keep his hands occupied without having to embarrass himself by stimming.
"I'll show you out," John tells her. "Punch a reporter or something if I have to."
"The Mouret one? How is that any better known?"
"Hello," rasps a familiar baritone, and Sherlock wastes no time in wrapping his arms around John. "Damned train services," he mutters into John's neck.
"And what I need is for everyone to stop distracting me with inane prattle and let me close," Sherlock complains dramatically.
John's brain skids for a moment as he wonders what sort of foul village Christmas tradition involves porcelain, but soon he wants to kick himself.
Sherlock makes no plans for any important conversations that night — a therapy session is plenty enough soul searching for one day. He settles on the sofa with John, feeling so drained that he manages to suffer through two episodes of some reality show in which people create and then present baked goods to professionals in the field. He has no idea why John — or many other employees at King's — seem to enjoy this program so much. Watching other people deal with food is not something Sherlock thinks should be allowed to waste prime time hours.
"Well," you start placating him, "Mycroft's career is in intelligence. He's got more practice at this sort of thing."
using. It's about proving to himself he's in control.
Sherlock hates it. He messed up, that's the plain and entire truth.
"And if you don't eat, those stomach acids will just continue to gnaw at your ventricle like a tipped-over vat of acid."
"Ansell Pounds, Surgery And Cancer Board Medical Director," introduces a grey-haired man. Sherlock ignores his offered handshake, too.
want pity and attention! As though
I knew the fandom enjoyed a bit of medical H&C, but I didn't quite expect how much it
"Where's the––" you start, your voice strangled and black dots dancing at the edges of your vision. You haven't eaten or drank anything in God-knows-how-many hours.
"Mrs Trevor," Mycroft says plainly, and opens and closes Sherlock's violin case on the side table.
John returns from the kitchen to the sitting room warmed by flaming logs in the fireplace. He's carrying a tray from which he transfers two steaming mugs and two crystal tumblers of whisky onto the coffee table. Sherlock wonders if he bothers with such glassware when he binge-drinks alone.
, he tries on for size.
"That's why you should be the one to decide."
Without asking for permission, you enter his bedroom — just like you have bulldozed, out of necessity, into every bit of his privacy after he's come back home. It's fine that he needs your help, but you wish more than anything that he rebelled against it again. More than once, you lectured him at the hospital about being mindful that he's a patient, and now you want to draw blood from your tongue for all that because this is precisely what he's doing, now, and not even just to spite you.
to tell me what a burden I was on the entire family. I can assure you she did it quite calmly. And frequently."
"He kept insisting he needed to do it. I didn't understand why."
"John doesn't know, does he? Are you two… intimate?"
Were Sherlock feeling like usual self, it would most certainly work, but tonight all it does is short-circuit his nerves, make him tense up. There is no pressure building somewhere deep in the internal cradle of his coccyx, no swelling desperation for more friction. He realises he's grabbed a handful of top sheet and is squeezing it hard to divert at least some of his brain's attention away from where John's hand feels like too much. He is now alternating gently rolling and teasing the bollocks between his fingertips and giving the shaft — still half-mast — firmer strokes with a flick of his thumb across the tip.
"Anything else on your mind?" Collings asks and doesn’t sound annoyed that Sherlock has woken him up.
, in the wake of Moriarty. Sherlock lives in Oxford, John's got his flat on Malta. Everything feels unsure, expectant. They must both be aware that this visit will be a litmus test on whether they still feel the way they did when Sherlock was preparing to leave — they'd both had a hard time saying goodbye at Luqa airport. John had even slipped his passport into his pocket as he dropped him off for his flight, hoping for the very unlikely event that Sherlock might crack and ask him to follow him back to England.
'Why did it have to be me' is a question asked by surgeon and patient both when it happens to them.
Soon enough, they're walking from the Cambridge Biomedical Campus back to the Hotel du Vin. John drags open the knot in his tie and lets the ends hang from his neck and down his chest. Sherlock unbuttons his jacket – it's a warm late Spring evening — and walks a few steps backwards while flashing John a smile before picking up the pace towards their accommodation. The air and the exercise help them both clear their heads a bit, to banish the most intense buzz from the copious amounts of champagne.
To his knowledge, he hasn't maimed more than this one person so there's only one victim.
"GP, actually."
Greg has had the sense to bring in some decent coffee from a Costa, just the way he knows Sherlock likes it. This bribes Sherlock into raising the head of the bed, turning to face the room and listening to the conversation even if he contributes little.
"You and Sherlock should have been pharmacists," you scoff. One brother uses their extensive knowledge base for getting high and solving crimes, the second one tries to outwit the other's receptors into not shooting the proverbial wall when they can't do either.
"Yes."
After slipping into the jumper, Sherlock hears the doorbell downstairs. Mycroft is on a conference call, so a member of staff will greet John at the door.
He gets chips on the way home from the food cart in the corner. Mostly, he does it to spite his brother and that fancy dinner served with a side of ugly truths. But he also does it for himself. Very few things except food give him any joy these days.
The fact that the in-base epidemic didn't stop was most likely due to the Rangers. No one will say that out loud, but John knows it and is embarrassed by the fact. Especially the ones with the biggest immortality delusions and god complexes had not given a toss about the virus and socialised normally. The Jaeger pilots could hardly be isolated completely — what if a breach opened? Still, announcing them completely exempt from the containment measures had been idiotic in John's opinion. The Rangers could have been left out of their rooms just for practice, gear maintenance and actual alerts.
"Wouldn't it help him understand why I wanted him to do well — that it was because we focused all our efforts on him?"
," he joked to Sherlock, "
(See the end of the chapter for
None of those words on the phone had been real. Ever. They were an approximation created by an algorithm, much of the sentiment probably added in the post-production machinery of Sherlock's limbic system.
. Preposterous," Sherlock scoffs.
," Sherlock complains indignantly and wraps his arms tighter around John's shoulders. He's surprised himself by how good the physical proximity feels like right now; when he's upset it all tends to be just too much.
Through the glass windows of the imaging room, John catches a glimpse of his husband. Sherlock's back is ramrod straight, shoulders snapped back. He looks antsy.
"Yes, of course. Even somatic entities such as brain tumours can cause such personality changes."
Mrs Hudson doesn't stay long; she clearly senses the acuteness of the situation and Sherlock's exhaustion. She leaves the bag which solves your lunch problem. You eat the sandwiches and some of the salad in the break room because it would feel like the height of rudeness to eat in front of Sherlock when he's not allowed any.
He drags his form up the stairs. His answer to John's greeting is a sigh before he ends up sitting on the sofa, coat still on but unbuttoned, elbows on his knees as he rubs his face with his palms.
You clear your throat, lean forward in your chair. "You know there are things which can cause temporarily lowered cognitive performance even though they are treatable and have nothing to do with your surgery."
her son asks in the background, exasperated as usual when someone intrudes on him indulging in his interests.
You wonder if she has some kind of sixth sense, because she should be used to long absences of her tenants by now. She looks concerned, demands answers with her stern schoolmistress' gaze.
"That's up to him, really." John then realises that statement had sounded a tad dismissive. "I mean, if you think it's necessary and you can convince him it's necessary, then of course." He's tempted to ask again if Sherlock is okay, but the psychiatrist is right —
he tries to tell himself.
"We'll need a replacement team for when they get the staff out. Normally, I'd ask you to take over anaesthesia, but not–– not now," Lestrade says, "obviously."
Sherlock has raised his torso by sticking his elbows down. "Well?" he demands.
surgery! For your
"I don't know what you need from me right now," John says after the silence stretches.
"I predict they're going to try to provoke you into performing precisely as they want the jury to believe you acted that day when you consulted on her case."
"I've seen her once this year. As you said, I've been busy. The new unit is up and running, and there's nothing new going on between us or at King's. There's no reason there should be a problem."
If he only knew why he can't let go of work things like he used to! He's always been prone to ruminating thoughts, vulnerable to stress-borne vicious circles of worry, but these days he can't even seem to grasp mentally any of the things that are weighing so heavily on him. His mind feels lethargic, incapable of bringing order to the darkening night in his head. Yet there is also a baseline anxiety that prevents rest and the sort of rational, emotionless inquiry he has always relied on when making decisions about patients.
John had not worked during those two days. Instead, he'd sat at Sherlock's bedside hoping that things didn't progress further. For thirty-seven hours Sherlock was on ninety-percent high-flow nasal oxygen, shivering with a high fever even with a maximum dose of paracetamol, and his lips turned a bit cyanotic during more intense bouts of coughing his lungs out.
"Who knows how things will look in a week or two. We'll go home and have a nice night in."
You will kiss him yet. You will do all those things which separate friends from lovers, and you will savour like you've never savoured them before, because seeing him experience all of them for the first time will make you feel as though you are, too.
He's startled when John speaks again and nearly knocks the fork off the edge of his plate.
He rolls his eyes.
Not wanting to get dust and splinters stuck in his jacket, Sherlock strips down to his shirtsleeves. The manual labour should keep him warm even in the biting wind. A crow is making a sardonic racket in the tree above, and though he can't spot the bird, Sherlock directs a glare in its assumed direction.
"Then… what? What do you want?"
, Sherlock reasons.
"Emma says you could have a sit at the edge of the bed once those drains come off," you offer.
"I know we've never talked about that stuff, and maybe I should have paid more attention to it. I've pushed it out of my mind because it's not been a part of our lives and I decided I should be able to trust you. We've been through––
If Sherlock could cling to a morbid fascination of the pathology, perhaps it wouldn't rattle him to the core. That's what you hope, because you don't want him to be frightened. He rarely is, and his bravery gives you courage. You have the upper hand right now because of your profession, and you don't like it. You prefer it when Sherlock takes the lead.
"Yes, I suppose," Sherlock replies nonchalantly.
, are we? Ooh, this is going to be good. So, you're actually…? He's…? Oh my
Andrew lingers a bit, wary of any attempt by Sherlock to try to rid himself of the tube. Thankfully, he doesn't try to grab it again. You wouldn't let him, anyway — you rest gentle palms on his shoulders, just to tell him you're there, hoping he can tell your hands apart from those of others. He seems to settle, eyes still closed but eyes shifting beneath almost translucent lids. The softer tapes which had kept his eyes closed during surgery to prevent his corneas from drying were removed shortly after arrival at the ITU. He has dark shadows under his eyes and his complexion is pallid.
_______________
Sherlock's parents can hardly be delayed any longer, and he endures their attention for forty-five minutes in the afternoon with nary a word. Mycroft is with them, explaining things and keeping a conversation going.
Sherlock scrambles to understand what he's just said.
In saving the patient's life he's had to give them likely devastating, permanent brain damage. They came to him because they thought he could do this operation but now, there is no chance to even know if he could have. It won't even matter much in the larger context of the disastrous outcome whether he gets all of the tumour out.
"No. He was… attentive. Concerned," Sherlock adds, making the concept sound distasteful.
Whenever nurses have changed his dressings or rounding surgeons have wanted to see the incision, he has refused to look at it. Avoided it like the plague. Now, angry and clearly a bit fearfully startled by what's going on, he wants to have a look. Not a good idea.
You shouldn't have asked, because he climbs to his feet, eyes blazing with rage. "And you wouldn't? You'd just content yourself with all the lost time, all the not knowing, with everything you weren't told and don't understand?"
"The situation with my mother is… tentatively improved. Edgar has proven himself useful. John is… I find he seeks my support more these days instead of just acting like a long-suffering minder. I like that. My employment arrangement has proven fruitful and spares me from a lot of very boring run-of-the-mill back surgery. Things are better. So why am I not reaping the benefits? Why can't I get past what's in my head right now to focus on John's recovery?"
John tries to imagine the prim older Holmes delivering such sentiment and nearly chuckles out loud.
Occasionally, non-athletes show up at his appointment rooms. He enjoys that, too. If there's a new name on his booking list he doesn't recognise, he sometimes googles them and learns about sports he wasn't even aware of.
"I know you do." John had been reciting key news to him every morning, but he can never be sure if Sherlock actually absorbs anything he says if he's really thinking about something else. "I need all hands on deck. Lestrade will be back in two days. Until then, you and the other neurosurgeons would do well to just sort out your own territory and work on triaging your OR cases so that we know which of them we need to try to manage even with all this going on," he says, cocking his head towards the cordoned-off bustle.
"Not much. At least not yet. Scrub nurse said she went through an elective tonsillectomy last year and said that days two to four are the worst."
. He grips his right shoulder with his left hand, rolls his head to get rid of muscle cricks. He'll let his hair dry without involving a tower to prevent the worst possible frizz, and do what the cheap supermarket-brand gel will allow. After he’d asked about borrowing some clothes, Angus had dug out a white, clean dress shirt with odd, wide sleeves that wouldn't look out of place in a vintage horror film. Paired with Sherlock’s suit jacket, it'll do. Perhaps he'll look odd visiting John-the-islander in such an outfit, but he wants to look his best.
Their clothing discarded, Sherlock cannot read John any better than before;
A reply comes after a few minutes:
"Lloooo," drawls someone at the end of the line after picking up past a few rings.
"I don't want anything," he says, aware of how spiteful his tone is. "You could ask, for once, and not assume."
"The valve has been repaired. Hardly life-altering," Sherlock dismisses, crossing his arms.
Sherlock is still sitting in John's office chair. John opens a word processor program and nods towards the screen. "Just write it all down; I'll help you with how to phrase things. Just…" he pinches the bridge of his nose, "Just don't underline what went wrong or your own part in it. Focus on your assessment of the indications and risks of the surgery — you need to justify why we went for it when many others said no. You need to explain why you deviated from common practice regarding waiting periods after angiography. Then, you should explain your surgical approach and the course of the operation and explain why you suspect you may have made an error."
Except when he's ill. Then things just… don't work. They didn't work at all after Bastion, and Sherlock had no roadmap for a situation where patience and support were not met with the appropriate response — gratitude and amicability? People claim illness can bring couples closer.
John sighs.
"He trusts you — enough to assume you will see past his behaviour. He has no skills in expressing his emotions. Mostly kept locked away, they spill out at inopportune times when he is under tremendous stress. Look beyond what you see," are Mycroft's parting words as he heads for the lifts and you prepare to re-enter Sherlock's room.
, John thinks. Whenever someone else has supported Sherlock or sorted out a problem for him, John has felt inadequate and angry at himself when he should have focused on Sherlock, instead.
"Everything alright?" John asks.
"It's all well and good to say that it doesn't matter what they think," Violet muses, turning on the gas and lighting the hob. "I've thought of it as learning to pick my battles. I now have the sort of social life I find acceptable, and George spends time with his friends occasionally. I don't have to worry about their opinion of me. It's a good compromise. He needed such things when the two of you were little, while I was too exhausted to put in the effort to pretend I could tolerate socialising."
, and it's so odd how the coldness in your stomach which seeing him in pain has created has swallowed your doubt and your anxiety over accepting what he is to you.
Mycroft is tediously straight, possibly with some predilection for bondage as a recipient never acted upon. He has too much sense not to take the risk, considering his line of work. Sherlock shudders; Mycroft's sex life is not something he wants to dwell on. At least the man has never been anything but neutral concerning Sherlock's orientation. There are plenty of other traits of Sherlock's his brother has judged and attempted to correct.
"I have no plans after that," Sherlock adds.
"Would you say that being less able to deduce his needs makes you feel worse when you are already having a difficult time? Makes you blame yourself, perpetuating your low sense of self-worth when it comes to relationships? Am I getting warmer?"
"John… I'm afraid I do not have the same carte blanche from him to discuss his therapy sessions as I have from you."
Sherlock snuggles into his usual position as the little spoon and waits for the inevitable as John scoots close and arranges the duvet on them both.
John nods, looking resigned. "Would you consider trying out some sort of a fresh start? Maybe we could have a go at it first as fr––
"But it is."
After keeping a brisk pace walking to his house, defying the wind that has picked up again, Sherlock feels more invigorated than tired. The bleak natural beauty of the place is showing itself now that he isn't so utterly shrouded in the misery of lacking even the basic necessities. If Mycroft's communique keeps its promise, he'll be out of here soon, and having such a deadline will help him think of this as a perversion of a holiday.
John remembers Joanna's words:
None of the stories feature Sherlock in a negative light, but that doesn't soothe John's nerves.
wrong, can she?
Sherlock rolls his eyes. "Not even I would waste that much money on them.
What would it be like if John had been there with him this morning at the crime scene? What would it have felt like if John had said some of those things out loud? What would it be like to have a partner, a friend, a colleague there instead of just that impermeable wall of disapproval emanating from all Met staff except Lestrade?
"Is that account of events inaccurate?" the director asks Sherlock. "Would the family care about further details, do you think? They knew the risks. Some of the world's best surgeons declined to attempt this surgical procedure."
He would have reached out a hand, tried to act courteous and distant. '
Sherlock flinches when John slides his fingers onto the slightly swollen wrist joint. "Apologies."
"How… how's Pilkington?"
"Clip," he requests.
"Sherlock? Are you listening?" Dr Pichler asks him gently.
John picks them up and studies them. "What would he have been defending himself from?"
The chairman frowns. "There is a detail that I find most curious: according to a statement by the unit head of neurosurgery at King's College, a Doctor Gregory Lestrade, you were initially opposed to the matter being closed without further investigation."
Instead of the cold, hard surfaces of John's apartment that he is now willing to admit looks more like a bank office's reception hall than a home, there is red tweed, soft rugs, dark, rounded wood, and soft, yellow light. John wants to roll around in it, grab that greenish plaid blanket and curl underneath it on the worn, crooked sofa with an Ian Fleming book.
"Retired?" Sherlock suggests, though the man's age says otherwise. It's a good technique to get people to talk to make potentially slightly insulting claims which they'll want to correct.
"221 Baker Street," Sherlock announces. "And don't try to get there through Marylebone Road. It's a carpark at this hour."
"Is this why you have petitioned for this tribunal to be held closed from the public?"
someone died and who killed them can be complicated, but not the fact itself that someone has passed away.
She cocks her head towards the door, through which Sherlock has just disappeared. "Him, requesting you specifically. Five Oceans Watson still leaving a trail of cooling corpses in your wake, then?" She teases. "Or is he still a work-in-progress?"
"What was the nature of this medical matter? Since it necessitated a leave of absence from your place of training, it may be of relevance today."
"You said it yourself, John. That is how he sees it: you love him
“No, you don’t. That’s the thing, Sherlock, you don’t have to, because you're not in charge of the case. You––
"You're not the strategist of some sort of emotional war effort here — that's not your job. He's got through many astoundingly difficult things in his life, things that have left people with much sturdier mental health landscapes so devastated they cannot regain his level of functionality even with treatment. He's amazingly resilient, John, and the mere fact that he's got you will help him. Immensely. Don't underestimate yourself."
John recognises the impulse; even after therapy, he sometimes catches himself trying to conceal his emotions from even Sherlock.
,' you had said, '
Close to retirement age and with two prosthetic hips, Alan Landers is the dinosaur of the department, but only physically: he's a highly respected, quick-witted and clever neurosurgeon who has trained with some of the best in Britain — including Jan Andreason, Sherlock's once-mentor. Alan is King's College's arterio-venous malformation specialist, and very few other surgeons could take over his more challenging cases. Sherlock is one who could, though.
"It'll be easier every time, I promise."
You take his pulse; it's over a hundred. "You've overdone it," you say tiredly. "How much did you take?"
"Holmes?" Ellen demands, "I need to know what's going on."
Sherlock's breathing has picked up, but not from arousal. No, he can recognise the early stages of hyperventilation because he's getting overwhelmed fast. He wants nothing more than to be with John tonight, to feel like this is where he belongs, to feel that connection again of which he's been dispossessed ever since John got sick. He wants ––
To put me
They give Sherlock a tablet of something with water — the explanation was brief, and you weren't paying attention. You hope it'll give Sherlock a respite from the stress.
He answers on an angry whim on a Tuesday when he's just solved a case that had been at least a nine and he feels more like himself than he had in a long time and he's even eating takeout.
"Because I was not the physician in charge of her case at King's College's A&E department."
He runs his fingers through a knot in his curls, regarding his visage in the mirror wistfully.
It makes sense, now. He worries that what sets him apart from others, he's lost. He worries he'll be like everyone else, with his brilliance no longer birthing the shadows in which he hides what he sees as his many flaws. He thinks you're here for just that, not him. And you doubt you could make him believe it when he's this worried about having lost his most prized abilities.
"You said that originally the Trust didn't think it necessary to start an investigation. When Greg called me, he said that instead of wanting to move on and protect your career, you insisted that the matter should be escalated."
Sherlock marches back to the door and bangs his fists on in so hard that the old wood groans. He plants his feet on the first step, poised for battle.
"I didn't really do anything," Sherlock says, but John's expression makes him feel as though he's somehow said the wrong thing. "I should be thanking you for the…" he lifts up his sleeve. He'd managed to keep the bandages dry.
It feels good enough to satisfy the sum total of his cravings — for now. He knows, however, that the cigarettes will make a part of his brain wonder if he could feel even more spectacular if he indulged in something else that would light up his neural networks like a Christmas tree.
Sherlock shows him in, directs him to hang his coat on the rack. John watches him do the same, observes how Sherlock doesn't remove his shoes. He does when he's home alone, but right now it feels important to look… civil. Which is utterly ridiculous, because John has seen him naked. Has touched him where few have touched Sherlock. Where
,' Lestrade admitted in his email before prompting John to take care of himself and Sherlock.
The delicate neurosurgical suction is not powerful enough to keep the blood away, not enough to give Sherlock even a glimpse of what he could possibly have hit that could be bleeding so much. "Give me the spinal kit suction," he commands.
Sherlock sits up, coughing a bit which makes him frown and then narrow his eyes indignantly as though it's beneath him to demonstrate such pedestrian symptoms. "John. You look as fetching as always." He raises a sly brow at the protective gear.
I'm going to ask again. "Are you nervous to go back to the OR? No, scratch that.
open sternotomy = an open surgery in which the chest is opened in the middle
Relief summons bone-weariness, and Mycroft says he's arranged a full day relieved of his work duties, so you wrench yourself away from Sherlock's bedside for a nap at home. It's hardly surprising that it's not an easy feat — you spent the first hour at Baker Street just flitting about the flat, trying to pack this and that for Sherlock and yourself, achieving little.
"This should last just long enough for you to get all hot and bothered thinking what I'll do to you after," John leans closer to whisper in his ear.
"Can't smoke aft… srger
, he thinks incredulously.
"Doctor Joanna Pichler is a psychiatrist, and an accredited cognitive-behavioural therapist. You'll find a written reference and a separate medical assessment statement from her in the evidence we have submitted. I sought her help when I was having difficulties training a registrar assigned to me. She has been immensely useful."
He's going home. He'll get his phone back.
"Are you usually confident in your acquisitions?"
He crosses his arms. "
I started all of the wars
"I just don't get it," Sherlock curses. "I rarely even get nauseous in the car! I snuck into the clinical skills lab two weeks ago to try to stereoscopic endo system the gynae are buying for their laparoscopies. While I didn't quite chuck up in the bin, it was bad enough to decimate my concentration."
"Oh." Sherlock tries to school his features into nonchalance, but the brief crestfallen expression does not escape John's notice. "If that's what you want. I did change the sheets in mine."
This isn't his fight. It's mine, and I'm not sure how much of it I have left in me.
Sherlock is looking at his lap and sighs. "Whatever I expected this was going to be like, I didn't… I didn't have
"What are you proposing, then?"
A week later, it is very hard for John to reconcile the surgeon he'd seen in the King's CCTV footage shown in court with how his husband looks now. John knows Sherlock has always had a predilection for episodic depression, and that black periods have been triggered by difficulties in his career but also brought on just by the fact that clinical depression doesn't play by any rules. In a way, what's going on now with the media and potential GMC process are a convergence of many old fears and confidence problems. John is haunted by the thought that maybe he should have seen this coming. Joanna Pichler doesn't seem surprised by how things are, but John can tell that she has grown immensely worried in a way John has rarely seen before.
John doesn't reply, just watches with a pained, frustrated expression as Sherlock holds the violin like a live grenade.
John keeps Sherlock company until they reach the customs and security desk. There, Mycroft is waiting. He could have stayed on the plane, avoided the hassle of first entering British soil and then leaving again, but perhaps he doesn't want to leave Sherlock to deal with the world alone any more than John does right now.
[00:31] I think the oxy’s helping, hate it tho because I think it’s making me nap in ten-minute bits and I keep getting startled awake
They trail out of the control room back to where two nurses and a radiology tech are pulling the patient out of the CT in preparation for a move back to the acute bay. John takes command for the duration of moving the patient trolley back to the trauma bay where Yosuke is waiting for them.
There's some throaty, quiet cursing and John drags himself up to a sitting position. He looks bleary-eyed, forehead glistening with sweat, and a shudder goes through him, and when he swallows, he does it meticulously as though needing to concentrate on the act.
John opens his mouth to ask what the hell that's supposed to mean, but Sherlock shifts in his seat so that he's facing the other direction, and every bit of his hunched form tells John that no more words will be spoken on this tonight.
The older Holmes pronounces the word 'skips' with such bewildered and disapproving superiority that one might think such things as waste management cannot possibly transpire in his sartorially elevated existence. John takes a moment to try to guess what the man does for a living. John doesn't follow politics, but if this was a cabinet minister, he imagines he would have heard the name before. Maybe he's some stuffy mid-tier official?
"They could borrow a respirator from there for now."
"She's
"For there is but one essential justice which cements society, and one law which establishes this justice. This law is right reason, which is the true rule of all commandments and prohibitions. Whoever neglects this law, whether written or unwritten, is necessarily unjust and wicked."
Couldn't they have left that beefy bodyguard with him as a butler? Definitely the strong and silent type, perhaps he could have made a passable butler. He has no idea how life on an island such as this one even works.
A flare of indignant anger clenches the muscles around Sherlock's jaw; he can barely get the words out, "
John is surprised Sherlock would have told his brother that much, but then recalls that Mycroft had been the one Sherlock had contacted for help with his addiction. Perhaps the fact that the man is family but not a spouse that helps Sherlock maintain a certain emotionally safe distance. Mycroft knows him well and can read him when he can't explain himself very well.
Your eyes widen as Sherlock makes a strangled sound and his shoulder convulse off the bed, his head bending back. It looks like he's trying to cough but can't. His eyes are still closed, forehead unwrinkled.
