“First, we eat. Gotta soak up the rest of that alcohol. Then, we toss out that mattress and burn those sheets. Sound good?”
Castiel quickly obliged. After a moment he crooked his fingers and pressed against Dean’s prostate and the bigger man cried out and bucked back. Castiel hit that spot a few more times until Dean was an incoherent mess. “Are you ready for me Dean?”
“Well, the other kids left after that and so did Hannah. Jo had to bring Anna home since Hannah ditched her. Garth, Jesse, and Cesar left too. Benny and Andrea stuck around to clean the grill and get the food put away. Gabriel came back after they left and Alfie was still here since they came together. I think Meg told him what happened and Gabe kinda lost it. He tried to punch Alfie and Sam pulled him back. Then he used some colorful language and fired him.”
Cas frowned in concentration. “I remember you getting here… Did- did I cry on you?” Cas looked mortified.
“Really. It won’t be easy though. We’ll need to do several tests and the differences between these disorders are subtle. Are you up for it?”
“We will have to have a conversation with her eventually about modesty and privacy. Since she’s been with all girls for eight months, I’m not sure how much those things were a priority.”
Kelly’s parents, Helen and Jack, were awarded full custody of her son. Then a year later, the stress of the trial caused Jack to suffer a stroke. After another year of struggling to care for her grandson and her husband, Helen asked if the Winchesters would take him. The poor woman was terrified of something happening to her and having his father’s family getting custody of Jack. At least this way, she could still see Jack as often as she wanted.
The guy just gave him a cheeky grin. “Hey man, heat of the moment and all that right? Sorry. Truce?” He held out his hand.
After finishing with the house, they ordered pizzas for dinner and sat munching on a slice each as they set the bundle of fabric from Cas’s bed on fire along with the pictures.
Text conversations turned into phone conversations and they’d spend hours breaking down each new film. That is, until the day came that Castiel ran out of movies to watch. He called Dean in a funk and it took nearly ten minutes before he admitted what the problem was. He assumed Dean would no longer want to talk now that they’d run out of movies to discuss and it took another ten minutes to convince him that that wasn’t the case. He finally shut Cas up by inviting him over to watch another DVD, which instantly broke the other man out of his foul mood.
“It sounds like you guys have a lot to talk about.” He said quietly. “Lemme walk you to your car and you guys go home yea? Maybe order a pizza.”
Castiel leaned against the open doorway. His eyes were glassy and the wall didn’t even appear to offer much support as he wobbled and slowly slid down to the floor. “Just one bottle.”
“I’ve been so upset. I thought she went to a rescue. I know we’ve talked about a dog, but I thought we were waiting until after the wedding.”
“That’s what big brothers are for.” Gabriel gave the floor one last pass with the cleaner and stood to take the bag outside.
Dean stood up and crouched down next to the doctor in front of Castiel. “Now, you see… he still has a slight tick…”
It was ridiculous. Dean had known Cas for over five years. It was a mostly business friendship and they’d never even hung out socially, but it didn’t stop Dean from being smitten with the awkward, blue-eyed beekeeper. He didn’t even know Castiel’s preferences when it came to partners. Dean was hoping to have figured it out eventually, but Cas had never given any hints one way or the other. At this point, Dean felt like he’d known him too long to just straight up ask without risking the friendship they’d formed.
When he was finally called back, he barely got his story through to the distracted doctor before the man started doing the same neurological exam his primary had done. He asked questions that Castiel had already voiced the answers to, which proved he hadn’t been listening in the first place. He was told to return in a few days for some tests and sent on his way. The whole meeting took less than ten minutes.
“Dean. You look at each other like the other hung the moon. Did you think we would care that he was a guy or did you think we would mind that he’s autistic?”
Max still had not spoken a word. His behavior had improved much, though. He no longer hunched in on himself or hid in the corner of the room. At first, he only went wherever Alicia went. Now he would lead nearly half the time. His communication was better as well. During story time, he would point out animals or shapes when asked. He would also answer yes or no questions with a nod or a shake and was increasingly making eye contact (however fleetingly) with his fathers. He was still quite wary of strangers and would seldom play at the park with other children, but he started spending more time facing forward than with his eyes cast down at the ground.
“That’s why you’re my favorite brother.” Castiel said in a singsong voice before sitting down and shutting the door.
Dean drove as fast as possible to get to Cas. It helped that there was absolutely no traffic at this hour. He couldn’t believe he was doing this. It was the middle of the night and he was driving across the state to comfort a drunk girl he’d never met. He could be walking into anything. Except every reasonable argument he could come up with was immediately shot down. He
Dean mentally went through their schedules. “Cas gets off at four. I’ll try and see if I can get outta here early and meet you there around 4:15.”
, the box was filled with half a dozen types of penis-shaped candy. Gummies, suckers, mints, and was that…? No!
“Well, tough. Cause you are.” Castiel blushed and lowered his head. “So, what d’ya say Cas? Will you go out with me?”
“Your illness doesn’t have to define you, but it is still a major part of who you are now. Nobody else has the right to tell you how to feel about yourself. Not me, not Dean, nobody. You’re the only one in that body of yours and how you choose to deal is your own business. Things could always get worse, true, but this isn’t an end. So, get mad. Be upset. Acknowledge your feelings: honor them. Repressing the negative emotions will only delay the pain.”
They stayed frozen for a few seconds. Dean scowling and Castiel stuck between anger and arousal. Even pissed as he was, Dean was still incredibly attractive. His brain caught up with the situation quickly though and anger won out. How dare Dean force his way into his home? He pushed the other man back roughly. “Is your Baby worth going to jail? Because the way I see it, this is trespassing. Maybe even battery.”
Castiel reached up to stroke Dean’s hair. “It’s ok. I’m angry too. Just two more weeks and they’ll be here with us and they’ll never have to be separated again.”
Dr. Adamson gave him a sad smile. “I know it seems bleak now, but this can be managed. And advances in treatments are made all the time. We know much more now than we did when I first started practicing.”
“STOP IT! Stop trying to fix it. Stop trying to remind me of how much worse it could be. I know all of that!”
Dean feels his eyes sting. He’s not going to cry. He can’t make Cas feel guilty like that when it’s Dean’s fault that their friendship is falling apart. He rubs a hand down his face and blinks quickly before dropping his gaze to the floor. “Oh.”
Castiel couldn’t help but fidget a little. His eyes flicked over to the door while he silently willed Ellen to hurry. Looking back at Gabriel, he noticed his brother studying him shrewdly. His eyes widened a bit before his mouth settled into a triumphant smirk. Shit. “Is that it Cassie? Did you guys get approved?”
Castiel hummed as he stroked Dean’s thigh under the table. “Yes, it’s too bad. Although, I am feeling a little dirty from our trip. I think a shower may be in order before we do anything else. Care to join me?”
“Similar to Meniere’s in that it’s the same organ being affected. I’ll show you.” The doctor reached over and pulled out a small box. From it, he retrieved a slide. “Ok. This is from the inner ear—”
Castiel heard the water running and felt a wet cloth press to his head. “M’ fine Meg. Gotta clean this mess up. Don’t wanna scare the kids.” He tried to move, but the smaller woman pressed firmly down on his shoulder.
Dean called them in to grab their plates. They finished eating and went back to the game. Sam noted every time his brother and his ‘friend’ shared a word or a look. By the end of the game (which Cas won thanks to Dean’s help) the two had slowly scooted closer until they were practically touching. Cas smiled brightly over his victory while Dean watched with his chin in his hand and a look of admiration on his face. Sam turned to Eileen who watched them with raised eyebrows.
Castiel’s expression turned predatory. “To start. I am thinking those curved legs of yours would look good wrapped around my waist, yes?”
So, Dean told him his life’s story. Losing his mom; dealing with his dad. John Winchester may not have been abusive, but he was neglectful. He checked out most of the time. The best times were during football season. Only then would he really make an effort to spend time with his boys. Didn’t take a psychologist to see why Dean became such an invested fan.
Dean spent the next two hours in Blockbuster. The guy, who he found out was named Castiel, was not kidding when he said his pop culture knowledge was lacking. Almost every movie Dean picked up, he hadn’t seen or even heard of. He almost he a stroke when Castiel said he’d never seen Star Wars. He loaded the confused man up with at least twenty DVDs and made him promise to watch them. He himself got a few Eastwood movies and a copy of ‘It’ just to screw with Sam. When Castiel tried to check out without buying any popcorn or candy, Dean took it as another opportunity to teach his new friend. This time about proper snack foods for the ultimate viewing experience.
Returning with a bottle of water and a wet towel, Dean huffed. “You weren’t human before buddy. Humans can’t drink as much as angels. Water, now.”
Pulling up to the store brought up some conflicting emotions. On the one hand, Dean was thrilled because, sale! On the other, he was a bit sad. He really enjoyed going to Blockbuster. They had a nice selection of westerns and other classics like Diehard and Speed 2. Sam had tried to get him to switch to Netflix, but they just didn’t have the kind of stuff he liked. He’d also managed to score a few dates while browsing the shelves on a Friday or Saturday. Couldn’t do that with mail delivered movies could ya?
His and Cas’s schedules lined up pretty well. It turned out they only lived around two hundred miles apart and they were generally online at the same time. In between gameplay, they would message each other on Skype. They talked about everything. It was shockingly easy to open up to a faceless person on the internet. The pair shared similar interests in movies and TV shows. Their tastes in music were vastly different and they spent hours sharing links to different songs trying to educate the other in good music. They talked about their families. Dean found out Cas had two brothers, both older, and neither of her parents approved of her lifestyle; though she chose not to elaborate on that point. She talked about her boyfriend Balthazar (what kind of stupid name was that?) who Dean thought sounded like a douche. Eventually Cas admitted that part of the reason she snapped at Dean the first time they talked was because Balthazar had been teasing her about how much time she spent online and she was just venting her frustrations (even though Dean had admitted repeatedly that he had been an ass at the time too).
Towards the end of the meeting, the other group started to trickle back in. Castiel watched Dean’s eyes widen when he saw the horse and his husband made his way over. He bent over and kissed the top of Castiel’s head before pulling up another chair. “Hey, babe. How was it?”
Castiel interpreted that for Dean before answering. “You are going to stay with us but not in this house. We live far away in America. We are going to fly in an airplane to get there. Would you like to live with us?”
Finished with his boots, Dean started to put on his coat. “Not the same. So, do you wanna come or not?”
After lunch and a break at the playground, they went on a guided tour of the rainforest surrounding the zoo. The mosquitos were terrible and there was only enough bug spray for the children, so Dean and Castiel spent a large portion of the trip swatting at the little vampires. The foliage was beautiful and they spied several species of tropical birds through the trees. Max fell asleep in Dean’s arms before the tour was over and Alicia was barely buckled into her car seat before she passed out as well. Patience only held out for another ten minutes before her exhaustion caught up with her. Castiel spent the rest of the drive staring at their relaxed faces. By this time tomorrow, they would legally be a family.
“Good. Now, barring any problems with your meds, I would like to see you for a follow-up in two months, ok?”
Dean snorted and nudged him. “Ass. I need to go tell them you’re awake.” They shared another kiss and Dean left to find a nurse.
“Ok.” Castiel tilted his head as he watched his husband walk away. Even in grease-stained work pants, he found Dean sexy. Before they’d met, if someone had told him that one day the smell of motor oil would turn him on, he’d have called them crazy.
Castiel sighed in relief when she was out of earshot. That was close. Now all he had to do was figure out a way to talk to Dean again without making an ass of himself.
Dean sniffled and wiped his hands on his cheeks as he tried to collect himself. Castiel used the edge of the blanket to finish drying his face. “They think you got West Nile Virus in Brazil. Remember all the mosquitos at the zoo?”
“You fell asleep at the party. You kept getting worse, so Gabe and I took you to urgent care. You weren’t making a lot of sense. You kept saying your head and back hurt. They started an IV and then you had a seizure in the exam room.” Castiel gasped and stared wide-eyed at his husband. “They thought you had meningitis with the way you were acting. An ambulance brought you here. They ugh, they did a bunch of tests… your brain was swelling. You had encephalitis baby. They weren’t sure if you were gonna wake up.” Dean’s breath shuttered and his eyes filled with tears again. He pulled Castiel closer to his chest and sobs wracked his body.
“Ok.” Castiel knew that Dean made sense but it wasn’t really sinking in. He had to stay for the party. His little girl turned six. Her last birthday was spent at the group home. They needed this one to be special…
He knelt down on the floor and the puppy trotted over to him with zero hesitation. She jumped into his lap and started chewing on his fingers. He was right, her fur was as soft as it looked. “Well, hello there pup. Oh, you’re just the sweetest thing, aren’t you?” He looked up at Amelia. “What can you tell me about her?”
"I," Cas starts, and Charlie jerks abruptly from her inner musings, part of which had to do with a certain fairy she'll never see again (dammit). "I can't..."
it," Cas says, and he looks up, his eyes so very blue, his mouth set in a straight line. "I didn't come here to...to bring anyone back, I came here to get the tablet away from Naomi. When I found out what it said, I..."
Across the room, Sam has taken out another demon, and then another angel, but even from this distance Dean can see that it's wearing him out completely, that he's starting to lose his strength. His movements are becoming slower, more sluggish, and his reaction time is severely delayed. A demon runs after him, and Dean yells a warning, but Rachel is already there, and her blade is buried deep within the demon's stomach. She flings him away without a second thought and then moves on to the next one, and maybe Dean got her wrong the first time, maybe she's not such a bad chick after all.
The world around them seems to move, yet they're not. There's an invisible barrier between the two of them that Dean can't seem to break through, that he can't seem to push aside, snap, get rid of. It's like the further he tries to reach out, the farther away Cas is, the wider the distance between the two of them becomes. He can't afford to make that distance any wider, because with every step it's painful, every breath it's harder to breathe.
Naomi's shoulders lift and fall. The silver of the angel blade flashes as she presses it a little higher, and Kevin makes a small whimpering sound. "Seems fair enough, wouldn't you say?"
"I know the punchline, d-bag, thank you very much," replies the angel, with a heavy dose of sarcasm. "I tried to get on Lucy's good side, he didn't take it so well, zip bam boom, lights out for me."
So is the shirt beneath the suit jacket. The tie is a darker blue than before, almost blending into the black, but it's still, amazingly, tied backwards, and it's this fact that makes Dean almost want to laugh, makes him want to reach out and grab Cas by his tie and pull him forward and -
"Sorry," she says, not really sounding sorry at all. Dean drops his feet down, and it's evident by the half-empty bottle that he's not exactly in the best of moods at the current moment. Charlie slides into the chair next to him, red hair swinging over her shoulders, and Dean presses the glass against his lips, inhaling the sharp, spicy scent of the alcohol and wondering how much longer he can do this, how much longer he can just
"Anyway," Charlie continues. "The other day we had a meeting after playing a round of Bioshock Infinite, and we were talking about, you know, maybe getting together for lunch or something, and all of a sudden it just got really cold and I could see my breath and then one of our group members - he'd gone to the bathroom - he was screaming and when he found him he was just - he was -
Dean sighs, and pours himself another glass. He is Dean Winchester, brother of Sam Winchester, son of John and Mary Winchester and grandson of the Man of Letters, Henry Winchester. He is a hunter. He hunts monsters, fights demons, kills vampires and wendigos and skinwalkers and every other horrible, nightmarish creature that walks the Earth. And no matter what happens, no matter where he goes, what he does, who he meets, he will always be Dean Winchester, the hunter; the dutiful soldier doing what he's been taught to do because this is the only life he knows.
The ghost in Waterville, Maine is pretty easy to get rid of; some old psychopath that was haunting his sister's ex-boyfriends in retaliation for one of them killing him. Dean and Sam take him out on the edge of town, with Charlie standing guard, and after they've burned his bones, they head back to their dumpy motel room, smelling of acrid smoke and burnt ashes.  Sam takes a shower first, loping into the tiny adjacent bathroom, and Dean just lies there on his back on the bed, staring up at the ceiling and hating the world.
He wakes up without knowing that he's fallen asleep. It's abrupt, like getting doused in cold water, and when his eyes open fully, still groggy, he might as well have been, because it's impossible for the person standing by his bedside to be there.
together, it's that Dean is one hell of a stubborn ass, and while he can kick some serious demon trash, he's got the personality of an overgrown teddy bear.
The slight twitch of Dean's eyebrows is the only indication that he's caught the irony in that statement. He glowers a little longer and says, after waiting for the nonexistent answer, "So why the hell did you come
Dean doesn't know what he's feeling. Disappointed? That's not new, though, he's been disappointed practically every day since he's started hunting, and there's no getting around that. Granted, it's been magnified lately by the fact that certain people who shall now remain nameless have let him down, and really that shouldn't be disappointing, but it is, and Dean's decided that it really sucks because what is he even doing, if not saving people? Isn't that the whole point of hunting? Since when did he let himself be dragged and sidetracked into this whole angel and demon mess, to the point where his mind is entirely full of someone it should definitely
it's so they can trap Naomi in a ring of Holy Fire and burn her ass. Yes, Dean decides, this is a good plan.
The holy oil is spattered across Naomi's chest, some getting in her eyes, and she lets out a cry of shock. The hand holding the blade slips just a fraction, and Sam dives, his arms around Kevin's waist as he throws them both to the floor. And Charlie is snapping a match and there's a crackle of flame, and then Naomi is on fire, and she's screaming -
to it. All this nonsense about how things will be all fine and dandy after the Gates are closed, it's just a bunch of crap. They'll close the Gates, and something else will pop up, something else will take the place of what's missing.
When he finally placed a plate in front of Cas, the man snatched the burger up and almost inhaled it. Dean had to tell him several times to slow down and had to threaten him with the fact that he would probably be sick again if he didn’t. That worked. Castiel finished his burger and Dean got some more water and aspirin in him before leading the man to his room.
He glanced down at his watch. It had been almost ten minutes. That seemed like a long time. She may be stuck with another patient. Castiel went through his phone while he waited but grew more agitated by the minute. Now that he was aware how long he’d been waiting, it was hard to ignore. Ten more minutes passed until the nurse returned. “Here is the information the doctor wanted to pass along to you. Call if you need anything.” She handed him a stack of papers and pamphlets and left.
“Yea, well. They’re not a hundred percent sure though. Apparently, the virus takes a few days to show up so they can test for it. Most people don’t get this sick, but with all the traveling we were doing and the stress, your immune system may have been too compromised to fight it off.”
Their marriage was stronger than ever. Dean never got annoyed at Castiel for being too sick to do things and was infinitely patient with him. They’d just had a second honeymoon a few months prior. It was a two-week Alaskan cruise. The rocking of the boat threatened to be hell on Castiel’s balance, but Dr. Adamson had given him some stronger medication and they ended up having a wonderful time.
As they worked, Dean admitted that he had assumed Cas was female this entire time. Cas could hardly believe it. “But you often called me ‘dude’ or ‘man’ (God those finger quotes would be the death of him) when we spoke.”
Lisa pursed her lips. “Not really. This was his father’s idea. He should be here soon to take Ben for the week.” She flipped her hair with a barely repressed sneer. She flicked her eyes to him and her expression instantly changed back to a friendly one. “What about you? Do you and your…
“Ok. So, what do we do in the meantime?” Dean asked. Castiel stayed silent. He was still trying to wrap his brain around the fact that he might always be like this.
“LARPing group. My friend Charlie is the current queen. Long may she reign!” Dean punctuated that with a hand over his heart and a little bow.
How long had Dean felt this way? No, he can’t read this. He should talk to Dean instead of going behind his back.
Castiel let out a huff of laughter before he frowned in confusion. Who the hell sent him this? He opened the card and read:
Castiel greeted everyone with a tired smile. The last few days had been draining with getting the children settled and trying to establish a routine. He woke up still exhausted and could feel a headache coming on. Today was important as their family members were eager to meet the new additions, so he took some ibuprofen and resolved to power through it.
“Hey,” he says to Sam, sitting up. “Let’s say we have a night in. We could get pizza and uh,” he picks up the list of channels on the bedside table. “Well, there’s gotta be something on.”
“They would have loved you, too,” Dean says. “The philosophers, I mean. They probably would have studied you.”
But it was that look that he fell for years ago. And it was that look that had him awake well into the night with hope burning his blood. Something about it is terribly dangerous and, even after all of this, Dean is afraid of what it means.
He lingers and hesitates outside of the room, knowing that turning the doorknob will be as decisive as pulling the trigger of a gun. He paces, wonders if they can hear him, stops, makes himself breathe. It doesn’t have to hurt if he doesn’t let it. It’s like pulling off a band-aid--he can do this fast and not feel a thing. Then it will be over and done with.
They stand like that for a moment. The forest buzzes around them, twiddling with birds and squirrels and insects. Dean breathes Cas in, feels him warm and safe and real in his arms. It’s a small piece of Earth here in Heaven. Unlike any other time before, Dean lets himself lean into it, touch Cas without Death looming over their shoulders. It feels good.
He’d almost forgotten the reason they’re like this, that there’s an endgame to their ministrations. He works his way up back up, presses an open-mouthed kiss to Cas’ jaw, his cheek, his temple, then his lips, sweet and slow. He reaches between them and lightly puts his palm to the bulge at the front of Cas’ slacks. Cas moans quietly, eyelids fluttering. Dean thinks it again, that he’s never seen anything so gorgeous in his life. He feels his own dick pulse at the sight of him.
“When I was a kid, before my mom died…” Dean confesses in a quiet murmur. “There were two things I was drawn to in particular. One of them was angels. The other was stars.”
“But sometimes,” he whispered next, “I feel like I’m flying.” He had faced Dean, then, like he was a great puzzle he couldn’t figure out how hard he tried. And for the first time, Dean seemed to really
Dean doesn’t have to drive far before he finds Cas. He’d had a hunch Cas might be waiting for him no matter the direction he went, but still he can’t help the sigh of relief he lets out when he sees the slump of Cas’ shoulders among the trees.
Dean is holding his breath, and his heart feels like it’s trying to beat up and out of his throat.  He chews lightly on the inside of his cheek and wills his hands to stop shaking, just stop
He has tunnel vision while walking toward the door, ignoring how Sam and Cas stand up and call for him. The doorknob is already cold in his hand and he turns it, walking out into the newly dark night.
“I don’t know how to do this, man,” he chokes out. “I don’t-- I don’t know if I can. I need you too much.”
“Okay,” Dean murmurs, resigned. He’ll go back and hear Cas’ goodbye before he leaves him here, on Earth, alone in his bed, just as he’s left him every night. He almost wishes Cas would leave without a goodbye, but maybe closure is necessary for the both of them. Not that Dean likes it.
Cas kisses Dean. It happens so fast that Dean feels it coming rather than sees it, feels Cas’ hands on his face, feels himself be tugged forward. Cas’ hands are shaking and Dean’s are too when he grips the front of Cas’ shirt and the back of his neck, eyes closed tight, learning the shape of his mouth. It’s hard and a little desperate and not at all artful, and Dean’s whole self feels a bit like an open wound but Cas is healing him, like he always has, like he has since the beginning.
. He thinks maybe he should be ashamed to have defiled an angel so thoroughly, but he can’t find it in himself. There is nothing about this that is not pure, not holy.
If he’s being honest with himself, he’s tired enough that he could probably close his eyes and go to sleep right now. But he’s not
, something he could never stack up against. He doesn’t like to think about it. There are a lot of things he doesn’t like to think about.
The “and leave me” goes unspoken, but he’s sure Cas can hear it anyway. That’s just the pattern of all of Dean’s relationships. He fucks things up too easily, just like he fucked things up with Cassie, with Lisa. Love doesn’t fit into the business--that’s the sacrifice he’d been unwittingly forced to make.
Don’t fucking cry, he tells himself, clenching his jaw while he messes with the alarm clock for no reason other than to keep his hands busy and his eyes from Cas’.
Dean begins to notice the lack of angels, too. “It’s been awhile since you’ve been upstairs,” he remarks. “How come you don’t go there anymore?”
“Me too,” Cas says, quieter, like it’s a secret. Dean melts a little and pats Cas’ shoulder once before the two make their way to the parking lot together.
How easy that had been. Everything in his life had been turning to shit and Cas was there and just--
Cas shifted galaxies so that Dean and Sam could live. He ripped up pages of ancient scripture because Dean convinced him that it was right. This is just one more step in their revolt against destiny.
It’s a week later that he and Cas are alone again. Dean is lying on the bed, staring at the cracks in the plaster of the ceiling. The mattress under him is hard and probably more than a bit dusty. Cas sits at the table, listening to Dean rant about nothing.
He stands in the corner of a three-year-old Dean’s room and watches Mary put him to bed. Having graduated from a crib, he leaps into the sheets with an excited giggle, his mother in tow. Her belly is swollen with her second child.
It’s what he’s never wanted to admit to himself but what he’s always known. This day had to come. Dean just wishes he could’ve done something about the way his heart beats for Cas first, if he had been just an inch braver, a little more daring.
Castiel nods, solemn, for the words that come from Dean Winchester’s mouth are more sacred than any Bible verse.
But that’s just the problem--Dean doesn’t understand. He thinks maybe he knows where this is going but he doesn’t know why or how. He has absolutely no fucking clue and it makes his heart clamour. He can feel his pulse where it beats against his throat and can hear it in his ears.
If this whole thing was supposed to teach him a lesson, if the the universe were trying to make him realize how much he wants Cas, then the universe got it wrong. He already knew it. He just didn’t want to admit it to himself.
Dean swallows. Cas puts his mouth to the space below his Adam’s apple. Dean grabs at Cas’ shoulders, wanting to keep him there, to keep him as close as possible and never to let anything separate them again, and for Cas not to see the way his eyes grow wet at his words.
Sam isn’t in the room. Dean almost wants to ask where he is, but he finds himself selfishly glad. At least he won’t have an audience.
Sam looks a little worried but mostly perplexed. He turns back to his research. Dean continues to sit opposite him, studying the grain of the wooden table and pondering what little he knows.
His thoughts are made up entirely of fragmented sentences. Something isn’t computing. Like he’s missed something here.
He can’t stand having to swallow another tragedy. There are already so many that he keeps gilded around his heart. He wears loss like a second skin. If he believed in God, he knows he’d be praying
And later that evening, it’s Sam who corners Dean while they’re alone and tells him in a steady voice, “The angel is in love with you.”
But he can see now that Cas’ love for Dean is ethereal in a way he isn’t even able to compute. It is as vast as Castiel and just as ancient, like lightning and fire. It is the ocean meeting the shore, just as it had met it forever, just as it always would.
It's a double room, but while one of the patients is constantly awake (and constantly squabbling with all of his visitors), the other patient remains silent and still.
He wonders briefly, fleetingly, whether this room was just a storage room or an actual library. The bunker is full of books, and this room is no exception, but it seems less used than some of the other ones, a thin layer of dust covering most of the volumes. Dean's looking at the titles but he's not really reading them or taking them in, his thoughts automatically shifting from the mundane to something - or rather, some
"So what," says Dean, gesturing around at the cottage. Cabin. Place. Whatever it is. "You've been just hangin' out here, catching up on your reading, and you decide to do a little grave hopping?"
), to Samandriel, who is always sweet. Gabriel even pops in every now and then, but his visits are usually chaotic and filled with booze and unexpected female guests (not that Charlie's complaining).
He gestures to the angels currently present. " - can handle Naomi. We've got a few other bitches to call too."
Because really, it's unfair. He's thought of Cas more times than he has any right to. He doesn't know when it happened, or why it happened, or how it happened, but somehow this freaking angel, this former soldier of God, has found his way into his heart, and no matter how many times Dean tries, there's no getting him out. And he doesn't want to get him out, doesn't want to let go because Cas has been one of the only steady things, one of the only constants in Dean's pathetic life. Even with all of their ups and downs, Cas has always just been
A shockwave ricochets through the building, and then Naomi's shrieking, and white light is spilling from her body, from her vessel, and then she's down on the ground and not moving, black ash wings spread horizontally away from her body, forever imprinted on the floor of the rapidly dissolving building.
This chapter took a lot longer to type than I intended, but this is how I always intended it to go, so hopefully you guys like it. C:
"So wait," says Sam, definitely not getting up to get him a beer, and Dean sits up, scowling. "You want us to...stage a war. With Heaven."
Dean cracks a smile through dry lips, relief filling his chest because she's alive, she's not dead, one little part of his strange little family is still alive.
be dead, he can't, because that's not fair, because Dean has lived his entire life with regrets and he can't let Cas die without making up with him -
"Yeah, and if the Queen Bitch comes storming in, we can ask her about Crowley and maybe find out where Kevin is," says Dean, like this is the most obvious thing in the world.
But Charlie holds her ground, because this is Dean Winchester, and if there's anything she's learned about him over the past year of knowing one another, the past several months of
Dean, oddly enough, feels sorry for her. Maybe he's getting soft in his old age. Or maybe he just understands Charlie. "That bites."
"Just like you will," says a voice, and Naomi spins around, but she's not fast enough, not quick enough to stop the angel blade from slamming through her torso, right between her ribs.
"Wait, wait," says Dean, because this all seems too sudden, too convenient, too much like something out of a dream. Or maybe a nightmare. "Hold up. You show up here, out of the blue,
There's a scrape as she pushes her chair back, and the noise makes the bickering stop, everyone pausing to look at her. Charlie swallows, feeling slightly spotlighted, and says, "Stop. Stop, arguing isn't going to help anything."
Dean tells the voice in his head, and shakes the can of spray paint. Somehow the familiar metallic clinking is reassuring, and furthers his desire to get rid of these sigils. Taking a deep breath, he leans back a little, covers his mouth with the back of his free hand, and makes one long black streak across the angel proofing sigil, and then another, until a fuzzy black X is completely covering it.
The biggest thing Dean notices, however, is the fact that Cas is no longer wearing his trademark trenchcoat. He's wearing a trenchcoat, all right, but it isn't tan.
that I was to protect it, that I was to take it away from Naomi...and from you. It was only after I found Metatron and got him to translate that I fully understood the meaning of just what your connection to this tablet was."
a distraction, something that will take his mind off of everything, off of Cas, and Benny, and Naomi, and Kevin, and Crowley, and everyone and everything, because the more he thinks on it, the less he wants to just sit here helplessly, even though there's nothing they can do. They have no leads on Kevin, the Mysterious Disappearing Prophet, no leads on Cas, and Benny's ass will forever be stuck in Purgatory, leaving the Winchesters with nothing but an unhappy King of Hell and an angel bent on destroying what little hope they have left.
Dean thinks, because it's true. John Winchester would never have let his son get off track if he were still alive, let alone get himself mixed up in a bunch of angel crap.
It's not, Dean realizes, not really. It's been a long time since he's ever felt what Charlie's feeling right now; the sort of uncertain terror that stems from not knowing what lies ahead (
It's been almost three months since they've last seen Charlie, and now, here in the town of Waterville, Maine, she looks a little worse for the wear (though really, Sam and Dean can't say much on that front either). They're sitting at a little cafe called Bob's on the outskirts of town, and there are greasy burgers and thick french fries and Dean's chowing down on his double bacon and wishing it had more tomato. Sam, of course, is eating his moose food, and Charlie's picking at a basket of chicken strips with honey mustard that Dean keeps stealing. They've only been here five minutes and already things are complicated - though right now, Dean decides, as he shoves a fry into his mouth and chews thoughtfully, complicated is good. Complicated is easy. Complicated means something to get his mind off of other...things.
A faint smile flickers across his face. "Just like you did in Purgatory. And here I am running around, gettin' my ass kicked, so I can protect Sammy. So I can protect you.
on the part of one Balthazar, who somehow manages to convince the attending physician that this is Dean's brother, a man named Jimmy Winchester. But now he's stable - although not awake yet.
There is a ringing silence that follows this, long enough that Dean grows uncomfortably aware that he's been shouting loud enough to wake the dead and it's almost three in the morning and oh yeah, Charlie's asleep in the bed right next to them. He glances over at her, but she's thankfully still asleep.
Wait, wait, wait," says Dean, and both Charlie, already reaching for another fry, and Sam, his fork halfway to his mouth, both stop and look at him, bemused.
Charlie holds up her hands. "Okay, okay, hold on," she says, and all eyes turn towards her, making her shrink slightly in her chair, her flaming red hair falling across her face. "You guys are talking about this Naomi chick, but what about that other d-bag, t-the one with the um - "
“Sooooo,” she says again, and now Castiel is looking at her, and his eyes are so very bright blue; a blazing fire of color in an otherwise somber looking body.
- and she's not disappearing. Her eyes are burning, almost literally, and there are thick golden orange flames licking at her torso and the sides of her face, an awful smile twisting her lips upwards, contorting her expression.
thinks Charlie. Out loud, she says, in a voice a much higher octave than her normal, "Erm. What do you mean?"
She knows immediately that it's the latter. Dean freezes, his entire body tensing, as though preparing for
Dean gives her a Look, and Charlie's lips twitch, concealing a smile. It fades, however, as she continues.
Later on, after Dean scarfs down a ham and cheese sandwich and two bags of chips for lunch, he spends his time in his room rereading his dad's journal. Most of it is about the various monsters, of course. Several pages are dedicated to tracking Yellow-Eyes, and Dean leafs through these idly, rereading his past, what he's already been through. There is the usual information about wendigos, an entire chapter on vamps, one or two pages on djinn. It's all things Dean already knows.
"Hey, Cas," says Dean, as though they're not just meeting again for the first time in a month and the last time Cas tried to kill him and, oh yeah,
"I told you," she says quietly, a smile on her face. Behind her, Dean can see Sam going towards Crowley, only to be thrown back again, and Dean can't do anything, he's never been able to do anything at all.
"Er," says Charlie, but Cas doesn't respond for a few minutes, leaving Charlie to shuffle her feet and stare at him in confusion.
tablet?" Dean interjects. "That hunk of rock I almost got killed for? I thought that was like the demon tablet, the one to close the Gates of Hell. Doesn't the angel tablet close the Gates of Heaven?"
demons after Kevin had disappeared, and despite the fact that the King of Hell can do a lot of things, one thing he
and he starts to inwardly panic, because he can't handle that right now, can't handle losing Cas after he's just gotten him back.
“Can it, Gabe. Help your brother take this food to the car and get back in here. We gotta talk about food for the baby shower.”
Dean turned to Cas. It registered after a few seconds just how inebriated the former angel looked. “How much did you drink buddy?”
Finished with the bandages, the doctor pulled her gloves off. “Well Castiel, you do appear to be exhibiting signs of a concussion. But at the moment, I’m more concerned with your other symptoms. What you’re describing could be a lot of things, MS, migraines, a tumor, Meniere’s disease. While you’re here, I’d like to get an MRI. We can get a better look at your head injury and see if there’s something neurological that’s causing this vertigo. Is that ok?”
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose and took a deep breath. Feeling his anger dissipate, he scrubbed a hand down his face and looked up at the other two. “You’re lucky I don’t sock you both. You’re a dick Gabe.”
Beside him, Dean gasped. Meanwhile Castiel was fighting the urge not to bite a hole in his cheek. How dare she?! It wasn’t until he felt Dean’s hand on his back that he realized how much he had tensed up. He consciously relaxed and uncurled his fists. “No honey. That’s not why. I’m not going to speak ill of your mother, but I can promise you; my attraction to men had nothing to do with the divorce.”
The next morning, Castiel woke up to the smell of coffee. After digging his toiletry kit out of his bag and taking care of his morning bathroom routine, he wandered through the house looking for Dean. He found his husband sitting in the small breakfast room off the kitchen clad only in his boxers while drinking coffee and looking through a large binder. “Good morning, sweetheart.”
“I don’t blame ya. If he wasn’t gay, most of the girls in here would have tried something a long time ago.”
Raphael clenched his jaw. “Don’t you all have something better to do than sit around chatting during work hours?” He straightened his shoulders and stormed out of the room.
They stared at each other for a minute before Jo shifted next to him. “Right! Uh, you ready to go kiddo?”
Pink stained his husband’s cheeks and he stood quickly. “Oh! Right.” His eyes were intently studying the ceiling as Patience had already moved to pull off her shirt. He stumbled into the hall and Castiel snickered as he shut the door behind him. “Asshole.”
“Oh Cassie, you simply must take a few days beforehand to party in Rio. Their nightlife scene is fabulous.” Balthazar got a faraway look in his eye.
Castiel gripped him back just as tight; his hands rubbing soothingly along Dean’s back. “I’m so sorry I scared you sweetheart. Do they know how that happened?”
A few days later, Castiel stepped inside with his mail. There were the usual adds and a bill, but one envelope stood out. It looked like a card and since it wasn’t his birthday or near any holidays, he was intrigued. Castiel ripped open the enveloped to see a generic looking photo of a silhouette of a person jumping in the air in front of a sunset. The caption at the bottom read,
Is this the sort of thing you’re supposed to invite the neighbors to? Some unspoken rule of suburbia? “You busy? You should come on over. We got plenty of food.”
For the rest of Dean’s lunch break, they chatted. They found out they liked the same servers and had similar tastes in races although Dean tended to play melee and WaywardAngel preferred to play healers. Dean eventually had to go back to work but they agreed to connect later on World of Warcraft.
“I won’t.” He was a mess. He couldn’t even stop himself from leaning slightly towards the dancer as he pulled away.
Three hours later, following a much-needed nap, Castiel and Dean had finished unpacking their things and were in one of the other bedrooms unpacking the children’s bags. The rental company often catered to those coming into the country to adopt and had a variety of furniture for use with young children. The bedroom for Patience had a guard attached to the bed so she couldn’t roll out and the room for the twins contained two toddler beds. There were also booster seats in the breakfast room, some play equipment in the small backyard, and a selection of DVDs in the living room. The house had cost a little more, but it was worth it for the convenience.
After a quick weight check, Castiel collapsed on the bed in the exam room. He heard his husband talking to the nurse and mumbled out a few answers to her questions. All he wanted to do was sleep. His head and back were killing him. It hurt to move anything, especially his neck, and the room was far too bright.
Both men whipped around at the small voice behind them. Claire stood there with wide eyes. Castiel stood slowly and walked to her. “Oh, Claire Bear. I didn’t want to find out like that.”
Dean studied his face carefully and then threw his head back in laughter. He kept trying to speak, but couldn’t seem to mange it. “You mean—” he bent over his knees, shoulders shaking, “all this shit—” more laughter, “was—” Castiel was starting to worry at this point, “for nothing?!” Dean’s laughter was sounding more hysterical and pretty soon the ridiculousness of the last few months caught up with him and Castiel joined in.
Castiel laughed. “Oh, she goes to visit her brother every year for a month or two. She came back a few days ago which is why I moved the prank to your car,” he finished sheepishly. “I am sorry about your car and the fine. I’m normally a very nice neighbor.”
Now he was truly uncomfortable. He cleared his throat again and shifted his arm so she’d let go. “Yes well. Do, um, do you take Ben to the Children’s Museum often?” He silently prayed he wouldn’t be running into Lisa again outside of school.
Meg scoffed, “Puh-lease. We’ve kept the secret this long haven’t we? Although we may have to do something bout Becky. If Cas wasn’t deaf, there’d be no way to hide her inhuman screeching.”
The next week, Castiel had his appointment with the ENT. The older man came in and didn’t even introduce himself. He was dismissive and only asked a few questions.
Castiel kicked off his shoes and lay on his back in the middle of the bed. He stared at the ceiling as he felt the familiar spinning sensation. Whether that was from the alcohol or whatever mystery illness he had, he wasn’t sure. He fought the urge to cry. This thing, whatever it was, was ruining his life. He never would have made that kind of mistake before. He swore he had double checked that paperwork, but he may have been mistaken. That was happening a lot lately. Little things slipping his mind; falling through the cracks. He had chalked it up to new parent brain or distraction from the frustration of this illness. But what if it was a symptom? Didn’t dementia start this way? Wasn’t he too young for dementia?
“Classy as ever Bal. And no, it doesn’t look I’ll be the filling in that hunk sandwich any time soon.”
He read it. Dean can see all over his face that he read it. His eyes are wide with shock at being caught and he definitely looks guilty. While they stare at each other, Dean has the thought that he should be angry over Cas going through his stuff, but that just doesn’t seem as important compared to the dread that’s slowly settling in the pit of his stomach.
Pulling into the parking lot of the strip mall, he sent up a silent prayer of thanks that both of the stores he needed to visit were in the same place and that they were on his way to the Roadhouse so he wouldn’t have to double back.
His brother whooped before pulling him into a tight embrace. Castiel made a noise of protest as his brother lifted him off the ground and spun around. “I’m so happy for you little bro! I’m gonna be an uncle!”
“Yea, really. Look, I know you just broke up with what’s his name and you need some time and I won’t push. And if you just wanna be friends that’s fine. But, uh… if maybe some day you wanna try… I’d- I’d really like to try Cas.”
“Cesar, Andrea, and the other parents shooed them into the house. Sam and Benny got everyone settled down.”
Castiel went back over the last two months. He showed her the notes he’d started taking and told her which doctors he’d already been to and the tests they did. He was getting tired of telling this same story over and over again.
The woman batted her eyes a bit and gripped his hand with both of hers. “It’s nice to meet you too.”
Every now and then, Cas would look his way and smile at him. Dean loved Castiel’s smiles. They made his stomach flutter like he’d swallowed some of Cas’s bees and he swore his heart would skip a beat.
Dean jumped up and practically climbed on top of him before he started crying. “Oh my God. Oh baby I was so scared. Are you ok?” His hands fluttered nervously over Castiel before settling on either side of his face while he kissed him softly. “I love you so much.”
Their son’s momentary braveness fled and he shrank back into Castiel’s leg. “Sorry. He doesn’t talk.”
“Thanks doc. We’ll check those out.” Dean gave Castiel’s shoulder a little shake. “You got any questions, babe?”
Dean shut his mouth immediately. He’d never heard Cas speak to anyone that way. If he wasn’t so shocked, he’d be able to admit he found it hot.
“What the hell?” The chick (he figured going by the username and the fact that they said they had a boyfriend), must have been more upset than he thought.
Castiel was released the next day. They did another test that confirmed it was indeed West Nile that made him sick. His doctor also performed some neurological tests. While Castiel’s reactions were a little slow, that was to be expected. The doctor explained that he was very lucky. The encephalitis had been mild and there did not appear to be lasting damage. He was told to follow up in a week or come back if he got worse. He was also warned that the virus often took several months if not years to leave the body and that flare-ups could happen.
He barely heard Gabriel shout, “I’m your only brother!” before starting the car. With a grin and a final wave, he backed out of his spot and headed for home.
“Keep in mind this isn’t my area of expertise, but from my understanding it’s caused by fluid retention in a sac in the cochlea. This sac plays an integral role in balance and when it’s damaged it throws your balance off.”
“Well, I have a few other things going on with me. One of them is POTS.” At his confused look, she explained. “Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome. Normally, when you stand up from a seated position, your body compensates so your blood doesn’t pool in your legs. That little system is kinda screwed up for me. If I stand too quickly or for too long, the blood pools in my legs and not enough gets to my brain. My body tries to fix it by raising my heart rate. Causes me to almost pass out. Falcon here can tell when my heart rate climbs too high. He alerts me and helps keep me upright if I feel faint.”
Castiel threw his head back and laughed. He looked beautiful. His eyes lit up and he got the most adorable little crinkles on the sides. Dean couldn’t help but chuckle with him until he remembered the loss his team just suffered and sobered up. He clenched his jaw and stared at the opposite wall.
Cas shifted nervously. “Just the last part. Um, I’ll be in my room…” The man practically fled the room.
Two weeks passed quickly. Castiel and Dean saw their children every other day. As Jaqueline promised, the visits got progressively longer. After a week they stopped being supervised, though Maria always remained outside the door in case they needed help communicating (which they never did).
“Lemme see.” His husband gently pulled the rag away and hissed. “Crap, Cas. That’s gonna need stitches and you need to get checked out. Vomiting after a head injury means you may have a concussion.”
Raphael’s expression barely changed (it rarely did and he always came off as robotic) but his dark eyes did seem to light up in predatory way. “I hope this new addition to your…
Another scream had him turning back towards the children. Patience sat under the shade of a tree with Claire and Kevin. The girls each had a sketchbook out while Kevin watched them draw. The three had grown very close over the years and they could almost always be found together. Patience was doing very well in school. She was on the honor roll and had joined the student council. She had also joined the student orchestra with Kevin several years prior. Patience had chosen the clarinet and Kevin went with the cello. Claire decided she’d rather join the choir and it was always a treat to listen when the three decided to rehearse together.
Castiel opened and closed his mouth a few times and let out several nonsensical sounds. His lip quivered as he fought back the overwhelming emotions flooding his system. He clapped his hands over his mouth as he took in a shuddering breath to calm himself. Meg met his eyes and tilted her head towards Balthazar in silent inquiry. He nodded slightly.
Dean huffed a laugh. “Yea. I had no idea she was so prejudiced until she met my friend Charlie; she’s a lesbian. Lisa was pretty bitchy to her when she heard that and then when I told her I was bi, she ended it right there. Found out she was pregnant a few months later. She tried to deny me visitation, but my brother’s a pretty good lawyer and the judge wasn’t having any of her nonsense.”
Dr. Adamson was behind his desk when they walked in. The older man looked up with a welcoming smile and stood to shake their hands. “Good to see you both again. Please sit.” Once they were comfortable, the doctor opened the file on his desk and grabbed a pen. “How have you been, Castiel?”
It was while he was playing a few rounds of HS on his phone during his lunch break that he came up against WaywardAngel again. The game ended (he won this time) and he sent a new friend request.
“I—it’s just… the thought of joining feels so… final. Makes it real.” He sat up and looked at Dean with pleading eyes filled with tears. “I don’t want this to be real.” He whispered.
Balthazar threw his head back and laughed. “Anything for you, my friend. Now, let’s go day drinking!”
Dean was in the bunker’s kitchen making dinner when he heard a voice behind him. “I don’t feel so well Dean.”
Patience tried to relay the message but kept forgetting everything she was supposed to say. Castiel gently reminded her when needed and he could tell from the little boy’s body language that he was listening to every word.
The doctor nodded and left the room. Castiel and Dean looked over the paperwork Dr. Adamson had given them and Dean found some websites on his phone. They talked about what they’d learned for a few minutes before the nurse came back.
Castiel was a nice person. He carried in Mrs. Mosely’s garbage cans for her, volunteered at the youth center, donated to conservation groups. He always tried to see the best in people and give them the benefit of the doubt, but this? He’d lived here for years and suddenly this person comes in and sends him an insulting letter?
He grimaced when he noticed his brother’s car in the lot. He had hoped Gabriel would listen to him for once in his life and just let their cousin Alfie drop the pie off with Ellen. However, Gabriel was like a dog with a bone. He hadn’t believed Castiel’s story about just wanting to spoil Dean with a nice dinner and desert and Castiel knew his brother was waiting in there to ambush him. Groaning in frustration, he made his way inside.
Max, of course, was very apprehensive around all the new people and spent the entire time in either Castiel or Dean’s arms with his face buried in their chests. Alicia was quieter than usual but quickly got used to everyone and was soon roping a variety of her new relatives into playing with her. Patience was very outgoing and it was obvious she was doing her best to make a good impression. Unfortunately, the more people she met and the harder she tried, the more her English slipped back into French, which then caused her to become irritated with herself.
Cas. He knew her better than anyone else in his life besides Sam. They’d been talking almost daily for nearly half a year. Their conversations tended to get pretty personal. Everything would be fine. People met all the time on World of Warcraft and became friends. He’s even seen a few stories of people get married after meeting in game. Maybe he could even see if his crush might be reciprocated after she got over Balthadouche. Yes; this could be great.
A familiar laugh drew his eyes over to Katie and Balthazar. That pairing had surprised him, but they worked well together and loved each other dearly. Castiel was shocked when Balthazar had first shown an interest in Katie as he was very protective of his new friend. Balthazar was a notorious playboy who rarely took life seriously and he didn’t want to see Katie get hurt. He didn’t want to admit it at the time, but he didn’t think Balthazar would want to “deal” with something as serious as a partner with chronic health conditions. Dean finally convinced him that Katie was a big girl who could take care of herself and that his meddling may cost him a friend. He’s glad he listened. They had been together for more than five years, married for three, and Balthazar was completely devoted to her. He currently stood behind her chair massaging her shoulders and relaying any words she missed while they talked to Castiel’s cousins. Falcon stood nearby surrounded by a few of the kids and seemed to be enjoying the attention.
For the first time it comes out unsure. Dean wants nothing more than to reassure Cas, to say that he’s wanted this so hard and for so long that he had begun to think that he was born to love Cas, but he can’t. He opens his eyes and Cas lets his hand drop.
something, like maybe it had found its purpose. It hadn’t had time to settle yet, to seep into his bones and muscles and hurt him and make him afraid, so he’d grabbed Cas’ shoulder and said “Don’t ever change.” Just because he wanted to say it. Just because it felt right.
about why he’s thinking about it, but the ache of his empty hands never does quite abate. He forces his eyes back to the road and tightens his grip on the wheel.
Do I dare? Do I dare? If he does, it’ll be the bravest thing he’ll ever do. It’ll be more than fighting monsters, than looking down the barrel of a gun, than standing toe-to-toe with the devil himself. It’ll go against the grain of everything Heaven and Hell ever intended for them, just as they’ve been going against that grain since Cas rebelled for him. But is that not the point? Free will?
Cas makes the most painful little keening noise the moment their lips meet. Or maybe that was Dean. He doesn’t know. It doesn’t matter. He’s wanted this for far too long to let it matter.
“Dean,” Cas says again, quieter, “please come back. I have to talk to you.” A note of pleading softly laces its way between the words. And any fight that Dean may have had drains out of him; Cas always makes Dean too soft.
“Yeah,” Dean says, suddenly sheepish in his words. He shifts in the leather seat of the Impala and makes a left-hand turn.
Now it’s Sam and Dean’s turns to blink. The dread is a weight now, seeps into his skin, teases along his ribs.
Sam is gone, the human and the angel are left alone in the motel room, and Castiel looks at Dean and falls in love all over again.
He chances a look at Cas and is surprised to find him squinting at Dean, head cocked to the side, question written in his features.
"I know that other angels don’t give a rat’s ass what happens to me or how I’m doing. But then there’s you, who listens to me rant about insignificant things that don’t even matter because we’re all gonna die anyway. That’s just the thing, Cas. You and the stars are both here to shine light into dark places. And we all know it doesn’t get much darker than whatever twisted life I’m pretending to live.
He’s been scared of the way Cas makes him feel virtually since it started. Scared of how vulnerable it makes him. Scared of another pressure point being used against him. Of Cas getting hurt because of him, of him dying like everyone who gets that close to him does. Of Cas finally realizing how selfish and small he is, of Cas leaving him and taking his heart with him. Dean already knows that that’s not something he recovers from.
Cas may not have to actually breathe, but Dean’s a human with lungs that require air and sometimes it’s so easy to forget that around Cas, so he breaks the kiss with a small gasp, panting softly. It would kill them both to go too far, so they press their foreheads together, the air between them warm.
So he is surprised when it is Dean who speaks first, who breaks the tension. “Do you remember,” he says, “what I told you? About stars and angels?”
“Don’t be,” says Cas, in a way a that shows he really means it. Dean clears his throat and looks at him. Cas looks back. The whole thing is so achingly familiar, so akin to how they were when they first met. Even when Cas was alien and unknowable and potentially a threat, Dean always had to stifle the breathless thrill of having Cas’ attention. He doesn’t stifle it now.
He closes his eyes when he feels tears coming on, but it doesn’t stop two from leaking through, reflecting the moonlight like dewdrops. He rubs them away hastily with the heel of his hand. Crying over an angel going back to Heaven… what would his dad say?
He sits down on the bed, needing something underneath him, and tugs Cas with him. His hand falls from Dean’s face but his eyes never leave him. He doesn’t look scared. How is he not terrified?
And Cas, the one who always seems to know what it is Dean needs, wraps his arms around him and just holds him, lets Dean clutch him close. It’s not quite a hug, but it still feels right.
Cas comes first with Dean’s name on his lips, spilling himself over their joined hands, Dean kissing him through it. His eyes go wide and Dean has never felt so lucky in his life.
Cas is inexperienced but Dean is too overwhelmed to use any of his usual tricks--his kiss isn’t meant to seduce or arouse, it’s meant to pour all of the longing he’s had for Cas into him, make him feel it. A groan comes from Cas, starting somewhere deep in his chest, and the sound of it makes Dean whimper.
“Dear God,” he starts, his voice having not quite lost its childlike tendency of mispronouncing words. Castiel finds it endearing. “Thank you for today. Thank you for a yummy dinner with apple pie. Thank you for Mommy and Daddy and Sammy. Thank you for beds and stars and chocolate milk. Amen.”
Dean scratches the back of his neck. “Yeah. Hey, man,” he says, mostly because he has no idea where they go from here, and the sound of Cas’ voice is making him wish he’d never left.
, and Cas answers all of the historical and science questions but doesn’t know jack shit when it comes to pop culture, where Dean comes in handy. Sam is great at both because he’s a bastard.
Cas reaches up to trace his fingers along Dean’s jaw again. He keeps his eyes on the path they take from the bolt, to the underside, to his chin. His touch is so careful, so steady. How frequently Dean has dreamed of this. “Your soul is too bright for its own good, Dean Winchester,” he murmurs, solemn, holy. “You are a light from which I can scarcely keep myself away.”
And it’s easy now, too, in a way it isn’t normally. Cas sways slightly into his touch, Dean feeling his shoulder under his coat a bit more firmly. He’s looking at Dean with kind eyes and a creased brow, like he also shares Dean’s happiness but isn’t sure why. Even though he’s an angel he’s got a little color in his cheeks, with his hair mussed and sticking out in about twenty different directions. It reminds Dean of how electric he looked when they first met.
Then Dean is smiling, because he can see Cas out of the corner of his eye, see the way he shifts and fidgets and is so clearly also looking at Dean out of the corner of his own eye. It occurs to Dean that Cas is
He shuts himself up and goes back to pretending to read the list of channels, praying Sam doesn’t notice the way he can feel his blush spreading to his ears.
Dean lets his eyes trace over his form, checking for injury like it’s second nature—probably because it is. “Heya, Cas,” he says.
They get Dean out of his pants and boxershorts while they kiss. Cas runs a warm hand from the back of his knee to the small of his back, and Dean is at a loss for words about how
When Dean reaches down and takes the two of them in his hand, Cas kisses his mouth wetly. When he moves to rub at the head of Cas’ weeping erection, he buries his face in the side of Dean’s neck. When Dean whispers Cas’ name, Cas looks at Dean and says, “You’re so beautiful,” and Dean feels the blush spread further.
They work to something that’s been brewing in both of them for a long time now. Dean absently wonders if maybe this is the ultimate act of rebellion, of this too was crossed out of God's unspoken scripture. He likes that idea. He and Castiel have a habit of spilling ink.
. Dean’s stomach drops even as Cas reaches over and touches his jaw with the very tips of his fingers. The feeling of it has Dean’s heart pounding.
—that after everything they’ve been through, after the end of the world, after Cas’ big sacrifice, this angel of the Lord is nervous to speak to his best friend of twelve years. Dean can’t help but take the opportunity to tease him.
“You’re my wings,” Cas whispers. It’s quiet enough that Dean wouldn’t have even been able to hear it if he were standing just a few feet back.
Sometimes, Dean will forget that Cas is a real angel. That “Cas” is actually “Castiel,” and that he is unfathomable and bigger than Dean could ever perceive. Looking at the expression on Castiel’s face, this is not one of those times.
?” Because he refuses to believe it. Because the universe could never show kindness to him, not where he doesn’t deserve it. Because this is some sick joke and the butterfly of hope he feels will turn into a snake and devour him from the inside any second now, and he’s staring at Cas, but Cas is just looking right back. And then it dawns on Dean that Cas means what he’s saying.
“Went off to the Roadhouse. Wanted to see Bobby and Ellen and Jo,” says Dean. “But you knew that already.”
“No, really,” Dean says, feeling his heart bleed with the words, “I get it. And, uh… I mean, you know. We’ve had some good times. And,” he fumbles, voice wavering, longing so deeply to be closer to Cas that it shreds him inside, “some bad times. A lot of bad times.”
They catch Cas up on the case with pizza-stuffed mouths, but none of them are especially interested in talking about the job. Cas tries a slice and chews it like he really
In fact, Dean is absolutely fucking thrilled to have the three of them in the same room without anyone dying or dead or fighting something that could potentially make them dead. It’s mollifying, and it just plain feels right.
They’re sitting in the Impala, Dean’s hand on Cas’ thigh, when Cas asks, “What do you want to do now?”
The silence on the ride home is comfortable. Dean has the radio turned down low so that it’s more background noise than anything, the only other sound being the mumble of the Impala’s engine and the breathing of her passengers. It’s dark out, past midnight, and it must have rained while they were in the bar because the pavement is wet, the moonlight and street lamps illuminating puddles with their mirror image.
“You know what I mean,” he says. “I can’t even be in the same room as you two anymore. If you both would just get your heads out of your asses then maybe-“
He doesn’t look especially happy to admit that, and a part of Dean feels bad about it. He knows Cas didn’t want it that way unless he was given no choice. But in war, choice is a rare privilege.
“Tell me about it,” Cas says, softly. It’s not an order or a demand; it’s a question. He’s giving Dean an out, if he wants it.
Dean shuts the door behind them and places his cell on the bedside table, not meeting Cas’ eye. “Hey, Cas,” he mumbles lamely. He knows they can’t pretend that he never ran out, not with this conversation they’re about to have.
The two of them met in the land of fire and blood. The met somewhere in the middle of holiness and gritty humanity. He remembers the light, the heat, the feeling of something snapping into place.
Sam stretches until his back pops, cramped from a whole ten hours sitting in car, and then sighs, starts picking the room for the WiFi password. Dean flops on the bed and stares at the ceiling, where some sort mysterious brown stain has found a home. He decides he doesn’t want to know.
They both watch the fish drift. One comes close enough to the surface to form gentle ripples in the water.
Cas blinks and nods, reaching down and putting his hand over Dean’s, having Dean put more pressure on where Cas wants it most, the weight of their hands combined. “
looks at him sometimes, and a small part of his brain whispers quietly that maybe Cas is somewhere right now, wanting right back.
“We’re locking up Heaven. No more angels will be able to get in or get out. No one will be able to meddle with human affairs ever again.”
Mary hugs Dean against her and releases him. He crawls under the covers and sits up enough to kiss his mom on the cheek. “Goodnight, Mommy,” he says. He then leans down and kisses her belly. “Goodnight, Sammy.”
This is too much. He doesn’t know how to handle it. But beneath all the fear is a soaring happiness, of
“Hello?” he says into the speaker, voice weary, a little bit ragged. There’s a beat of silence and Dean wonders if Cas picked up on it.
strikes at Dean’s heart, something so huge and all-consuming he can’t even tell what it is. It gags him and takes all the warmth from his body, fills his lungs. Nothing about this is comprehensible, but he knows that he has to be
Cas kisses with his entire body, tugging at Dean like he wants to feel every inch of him against every inch of himself. Like he hates every gap that has ever existed between their bodies.
“I’m not leaving you,” Cas says again, slowly, looking so purposefully into Dean’s eyes that he has never felt so exposed, so bare. There’s a rawness to the moment as he crumbles under Cas’ gaze.
He pulls back, embarrassed with the spectacle he’s created of himself. He wipes his tears and inhales deeply. But Cas has seen Dean at his absolute lowest, and there’s no judgement in his eyes.
Dean just looked at him, listening intently, wishing there were a way to offer comfort without giving anything vital away. Cas was silent for while.
And Dean wants him here with every cell of his body. He remembers, then, the way that Cas had looked at him that night on the roadside, remembers how he
, for the mere possibility that they could become this. And now Dean has him and he has Dean--mind, body, and soul. Dean vows to make it worth it for Cas every day of their lives, as long as they both live and maybe after that, too.
it can get in the south. Different from anywhere north of the Mason-Dixon, humidity can have sweat beading on his brow in minutes from doing nothing but standing.
Cas’ smile ventures out of him slowly but completely, turning up the corners of his lips but really softening his eyes.
The warm glow left over from the bar is being quickly sapped away, because Dean knows what happens now. Can see it in the way Cas shifts his feet subtly, the way he doesn’t quite meet Dean’s eye. That’s the part he hates more than anything.
Stars are inside Castiel. He can feel them flare up every time Dean touches him or looks at him in that way that, if only for a moment, has him thinking that he’s not the only one who feels them. They burn and ignite both his grace and his human body, and the sensation, while foreign, is not entirely unpleasant.
Cas looks good. Dean knows that the civil war in Heaven has been running him ragged these days, but for now the shadows under his eyes haven’t grown darker and he doesn’t look like he’s about to collapse out of exhaustion. Dean rakes his eyes over his body anyway to make sure there’s nothing bleeding or in need of medical attention. If his eyes linger, it’s just because he’s being thorough.
“He said he thought we should talk alone, so he went and got another room for himself,” Cas murmurs, like the spell between them would break if he talked too loudly. “Although I’m not sure if this is quite what he anticipated.”
“I mean, he fell, but he flew first. He was so happy for those first few moments. Was it worth the fall?”
Men and women get ready for bed and tuck in the their children on the other sides of those walls. Families full of love given and received in kind. Each and every one of them has a story that he knows nothing of, just as they know nothing of his. It’s not a revolutionary realization, but it’s still a jarring one.
The night is quiet and presses into them, but does so in no way that is suffocating. The metal of the Impala is cool under their hands where they sit on the flat hood, both looking toward the sky. Castiel directs his gaze to Dean.
And then Dean is laughing and laughing and bent over double with it because this whole thing is so fucking absurd and he’s so happy to be standing here next to Cas, weird and awkward Cas who pulled him out of Hell and told Dean he was in love with him just months ago. Cas who he thought he had lost forever. Dean laughs so hard he cries and then he—he cries, and cries, and he’s not laughing anymore. It happens fast and hard. Cas finally turns to him, eyes wide and hands suspended in front of him like he’s not sure if he’s allowed to touch. Dean’s sniveling and holding his jacket sleeve under his nose so his face doesn’t get all snotty but he probably looks fucking gross anyway, the way the tears won’t stop coming. Cas says, “Dean?” all worried and concerned. Dean practically falls forward into him, wraps his arms around Cas’ waist to clutch at the back of his coat and shakes when Cas immediately holds him in return.
And so Dean Winchester lies with Castiel: two boys who shifted the stars and demanded the songs of angels.
They order pizza from some joint that takes over half an hour to actually make it to the motel, and it turns out that there’s actually nothing at all on tv. Eventually they land on
Cas’ cock is red and already leaking with arousal, and Dean has to physically collect himself at the sight of it. His heart is racing when he tentativley licks a stripe up the side. It tastes like skin and Cas, who gasps “
Castiel starts exploring more of Dean’s past, specifically the time before the death of Mary Winchester.
Cas rolls them over once more so he’s suspended over Dean and they slide against each other. Dean moans brokenly at the heat between them, pleasure spreading through his veins. He clutches at Cas harder. Cas kisses his chest and shivers.
“Okay,” says Dean. He believes Cas will try. Whether he’ll succeed is another question. Dean suddenly feels very tired.
Dean steals a glance in Cas’ direction, and sure enough, that gaze is as reverent as he’s ever seen it. He all of a sudden feels very breathless.
"Hm," Dean hums, sated and sleepy as he continues to card fingers through Castiel’s hair. "And what are they?"
Stars also exist in all of the spaces between Dean and Castiel, no matter how long or short. They are charged with electricity and thrumming with tension, and they have a gravitational pull of their own, drawing the two beings closer to each other.
Cas looks like he wants to say something else, but Dean sees the minute shake of his head, the bob his Adam’s apple takes as he swallows. There’s the sound of wings batting, and Dean is alone.
There’s another pause. Dean tries to imagine what Cas looks like right now--if he’s still in the motel room, if Sam is there with him, if he’s standing or sitting, what his face looks like. He closes his eyes, trying to picture it.
Dean looks at him and Castiel is overtaken by selfish thoughts. It is a sin of his kind to yearn for love from another, and yet Castiel wants.
"And believe me, I know how insanely stupid and corny that sounds." It didn’t. "But that’s the only way I can put it. I’d stopped believing in angels all together. Called it a childhood phase and was done. Then you show up in a barn in Pontiac and tell me I deserve to be saved, and all I can fucking think about is what my mom used to say to me. That angels were watching over me.
He pulls Cas down and kisses the breath out of him, kisses him with everything he is, and Cas seems to understand it for what it is--a
He’ll tell Cas, one day. Sit him down and hash it out. And then if Cas decides to leave--he’ll, well, he’ll just have to deal with it. And if Cas
“You know.” Dean waves his hand in the air, gesturing vaguely. “Gods and shit. Zeus. You were into that kind of stuff when you were a kid.”
“I gotta get some air,” Dean chokes out. It’s not a lie; he’s suddenly feeling incredibly queasy and fresh air seems like a good idea right now.
It’s like he can almost feel Cas struggling to find words. “I’ve had a lot of fun with you today,” he eventually says. It’s a little bit unnatural, a little bit offbeat, but maybe that’s what makes Dean smile.
That memory comes when Cas is away, or when Dean can’t sleep at night. He’ll toss and turn under the covers and watch the alarm clock on the nightstand blink the passing of hours.
Dean looks to Castiel. Castiel can see just how deep his soul goes, and just how impossibly bright it continues to shine even when in pain. Dean gives a self-deprecating laugh.
by now, but somehow, at the precipice of everything they’ve built together, the effort has him shaking.
He deserves this, he realizes. For clipping Cas’ wings, for putting him on a leash when all he ever wanted was to be free. He went from following God to following Dean and didn’t even bat an eye. And now he’s figured out that the only reason he sticks around on Earth is because Dean put a tether on him there and begged him with every way except for words to stay--said it with his eyes, with his hands, a silent
Dean has both arms under Cas’ trenchcoat and wrapped around him, trying to get them as close as possible. Cas has one hand cupping Dean’s face and the other in his hair, gentle, but holding him there like he never wants him to leave.
Dean flips them over so that he can properly give Cas’ body the attention it deserves, kissing a hot path down his chest and stomach. Cas grabs hold of Dean’s hair when he runs his tongue over a nipple, panting. Dean loves the flatness of his chest--he’s been with a few guys, but not as many as he’d like, and not since Sam left for Stanford. The only real experiences he really has are a few blowjobs in bathrooms and back alleys, some handys in the backseat of his car. He’d always cleaned himself up, zipped up his pants, and pretended it never happened. He’s never had it like this before.
(But there is that small part of him that’s just--what if? What if he asked Cas to stay? What if he told him not to go yet? What if he reached out and put his palm to Cas’ jaw, traced fingertips along his cheekbones, felt the seam of his lips with the pad of his thumb?
Cas is deeper and closer than he’s ever gotten. It’s petrifying, being so soft for someone when he’s only ever lived a life that’s asked him to be the opposite.
And then Dean will feel guilt, because Cas is still an angel but his wings reach closer to humanity everyday, and Dean has corrupted him by selfishly tethering him here. And then he’ll feel joy, because the closer Cas gets to humanity, the closer he gets to Dean. And then even more guilt will be pushed on top of that for thinking such a thing, and then his lungs will crush under the weight of it.
“What?” he asks, and any other time he would cringe at how feeble and small his voice sounds. He blinks tears away, lungs rattling.
(Honor. That’s the other emotion he refuses to believe he feels. Cas rebelled for him and he is so, so honored.)
The squeak of a knob both signifies the end of Sam’s shower and serves to remind Dean that, yes, Sam is still part of this equation.
Dean takes a deep breath. He and Cas have both given so much to have this thing they weren’t even sure was real until this evening. Cas decided to leave Heaven for a
He tosses his duffel at the foot of the bed closest the door and strips out of his jacket and flannel, leaving him in only a black t-shirt. He forgets sometimes just how
“Besides,” Dean shakes out, feeling more and more unstable by the second, “it couldn’t have been too much fun down here, right? Not compared to what you’re used to, at least. I’m just sorry that you had to--”
this is, the two of them together, not a stitch of clothing between them. They gasp in tandem when Dean shifts them just right and their cocks touch, breaking apart and gaping open-mouthed at each other.
“Are you flying, Icarus?” he says, pressing his nose into the juncture where Cas’ neck meets his shoulders, closing his eyes and basking in this newfound permission to do so.
Cas scoots on the bed to close the inches separating them, full of that same resolve he had before. “Do you think I know how to do this?” he asks quietly. “I’ve never even-- angels aren’t
He shouldn’t have volunteered for the solo hunt. They always fuck with his head. Everything is easier to ignore when Sam’s soft snores are drifting out of the bed next to him, but it was a lone vamp, young and abandoned, and the job was easy. And Cas had promised to tag along to help out.
It makes him think of unexplored territory, of all the times he’s woken up hot and hard and ashamed, dreamt of Cas moving inside him. His breath hitches at the thought, but he’s not ready for it. Not yet.
There’s a hand on his shoulder, solid and warm, high enough that Dean is hyper aware of Cas’ thumb brushing the bare skin exposed by his t-shirt beside his neck. And he doesn’t know why, but it shuts him right up. He lets his eyes flutter closed and his head hang. This is how soldiers feel when they know they’ve lost the war.
Cas’ mouth is back on his and the kiss is hard, his bottom lip between Cas’ teeth, and it fuels the fire in Dean. He could come like this--kissing Cas, rutting at the firmness of his thigh. But he’s waited too long to not do this properly.
. Dean has kissed and shared the breath of so many different people, but it’s never once felt like this. He’s giddy and nervous, and he knows how deep this is, what it means for the two of them, and he’s ready for it. The arch of Cas’ lips tastes like forever.
The air is thick and covers him like a blanket when he kicks off the covers, pressing into him from all sides. The fluorescent lights from the motel sign outside shine through the window panes and make a yellow square of light upon the floor, but other than that the night is deep and inky, like he could swim in it. His hands and the place beside him in bed feel cold. Maybe it is supposed to be like this.
He blinks. Breathes. Tries to remind himself how to function properly. Because it’s so easy to do this--to let emotions overcome him, to lose his senses to feeling. To turn himself so inward that the world outside his mind is hardly even there. It’s happened before, and it never ends well. So he forces himself to slow down.
He looks up to meet Dean’s eye, and Dean is breathless to see the intensity in them, how they too are wet with raw emotion. “Do you see now, why I could never leave you?”
He feels so good that he laughs, happy and loud, and puts his hand on Cas’ shoulder just because he wants it there. Cas looks at him in confused amusement, and Dean is reminded of that night he took Cas to a brothel, and how good that had been, too. How he’d laughed as something within him shifted and suddenly he looked at Cas and saw his best friend.
It’s like the realization comes fully to him all over again, except this time he’s present enough to be aware of the pain in his chest.
There’s only one couch and not a lot of other seating available, so the three of them crowd in on it, Dean in the middle, and it makes Dean happy to have the two people that he loves most in the world so close. Cas leans into Dean’s space more and more as the minutes pass by, and it’s everything Dean can do to not nudge Cas’ knee with his, to press their thighs together. His body begs him to.
Cas has been home to Dean’s heart since he gave it to him on the side of the road. If he could, he would build a house between his ribs and give shelter to Cas’ heart as well, carve a space where the two of them could live. Dean thinks maybe he’s been building a home for Cas within himself for years.
Cas looks taken aback, blinks twice. But he looks between the two brothers and clears his throat. He looks…
“Uh,” he stammers, out of anything intelligent to say. “I mean, uh, I guess we could. He’s probably busy, though. Probably has better things to do. We could try-- you could call him, or I guess I could call him, it’s, uh. It’s whatever.”
There’s want in the way Cas rakes his eyes over Dean’s naked flesh, but it’s tender, warm. His pupils are dilated and there’s a very noticeable tent in his dress pants, and Dean marvels as he thinks,
“Um, son of Daedalus. They were both trapped in the Labyrinth, and Daedalus built them wings made of feathers and wax, right? But when they escaped, he was so happy to be flying that he flew into the sun, and his wings melted, and then he fell into the ocean.” Sam runs a hand through his hair. “Once again, why?”
Dean will hold his breath in those moments and that’s when he’ll remember. It’s like his brain is trying to tell him
It is then that he understands the meaning of the word “magic”, understands why humans found themselves relying on the invisible force when they had nothing else. Dean’s mouth is hot and eager, and Castiel does not know what all of these urges mean but does know that he wants Dean to show him.
Tomorrow he’ll change his face into iron to mask the longing. He’ll get up and put on clothes and drive to meet Sam halfway to wherever the fuck he is and he’ll pretend this night never happened. He thinks of Cas’ hands, of his mouth. Not now.
“I missed you so bad,” Dean sobs into Cas’ shoulder. “I missed you so bad. I thought I would never see you again. I missed you so bad.”
Cas pulls himself away and props himself up on his left elbow, his right hand fitted to the faded scar on Dean’s shoulder. “I never imagined that you’d… that you’d…”
“What happens now?” His words are slurring slightly as he struggles to remain awake, all the sleepless nights spent thinking about this catching up with him. “Do you get to keep your powers? Or are you like the rest of us?”
However, Castiel is not only feeling the stars, but is also seeing them. On days when the pull is too much, he will find himself alone in the hot shower with water leaving streaks down his skin, or on the bed of a motel room like the ones Dean and Sam stay in. He will touch himself until the only word he remembers of the millions of languages and billions of phrases he knows is the name “Dean”, touch himself until the stars burn too hot and he lets them consume him with a shout.
“Ever since I first saw your soul.” His voice is a low murmur. For Dean’s ears only. “I knew that I wanted to be near you, but I didn’t know what it meant. You made me feel like more than a soldier. More than just one of millions.” Cas inhales and exhales deeply, gathering himself. “I loved you so much. I loved you every single second. Even when you were with the Braedens, I never stopped wanting you.”
It’s not a long drive. He pulls into the lot and they exit the car, Cas getting out the normal human way because he knows flying in and out has Dean grumbly, that extra little reminder that Cas is something
He’s pulling his phone from his back pocket to try and search for joints near him when it suddenly rings in his hand. He startles as the square screen lights up with the name Cas, but he doesn’t feel nervous or excited or any of the other emotions he’s prone to when Cas calls. He just feels tired.
in the universe. Of all the stories who have ever lived and all of those who will, of the billions of other stories playing out on this stage of the Earth as he stands at dusk in these narrow streets, he is only one. And looking up at space and knowing that Cas moved the cosmos before he met Dean, that he inhaled their dust and exhaled creation… it’s no wonder why Cas wants to go back. Castiel may be a whole chapter in Dean’s life--or maybe an introduction, a conclusion, hundreds of pages written too quickly in a sprawling, desperate hand--but Dean isn’t more than a page in Cas’. A sentence. A footnote. Cas was built to be grander.
It’s a clear night, warm but without the feeling of being cooked from the inside out that the day brings. One pro of small towns like these is the lack of air pollution. The stars are as beautiful as Dean has ever seen them, sprinkled and scattered like someone knew what they were doing when they put them there. He didn’t get his keys when he stumbled out of the motel room, so he starts to walk. No direction in mind. Just wanting to move.
“Dean,” Cas breathes, relieved, which surprises Dean. Did he not think he’d pick up? Has he been worried?
Metaphorically, it feels like the tide is receding, being pulled in far too quickly. A tsunami is coming, and Dean is just holding his breath and bracing himself for the inevitable moment that it hits and he drowns.
Cas came with news, though. There’s something in his face that almost looks excited, and maybe Sam doesn’t catch it but Dean knows that there’s something that he’s been itching to say all evening. Dean turns the tv off once
“Heya, Cas,” he murmurs, a little in awe that he came afterall. The storm that raged through Dean when Cas was gone quiets, something in him going still in the presence of him. Breathing is easier. He fingers still itch to touch, but the feeling of drowning is replaced with the feeling of floating. Of
Sam says it teasingly, but his expression shows that he’s genuinely worried. Dean doesn’t know what part of that he hates most.
Later, cocooned in blankets and wrapped in the warmth of naked flesh against naked flesh, Castiel traces over the constellations of Dean’s skin with his fingers. He pillows his head on Dean’s shoulder and draws patterns into his bare chest, marveling at how such a being could be claimed as his not only in soul, but now in mind and body as well.
It’s a week later, and they’re somewhere deep in the steaming pocket of south Georgia. Dean can’t even remember the name of the town; it’s too small to be worth remembering, filled only by a couple stop lights, a small downtown area with a few mom-and-pop shops, a scattered population of hardly over three thousand, confederate flags, and a lone motel.
“You pray to him,” Sam says. “I’m gonna take a shower.” And then before it even registers in Dean’s brain that it’s happening Sam has gathered his clothes and locked himself in the bathroom, where the sounds of water hitting tile begin to steadily leak through under the door. Dean blinks, sits cross-legged on the bed, and tries to settle his breathing.
There’s an odd, crackling electricity in the room every time Cas enters it. The air is too thin and Dean is light-headed with it.
, but he’s so fucking tired of not being near Cas and of schooling how much he gives away to Cas in every conversation that he walks up so their shoulders are inches apart and he doesn’t think twice about it. He looks down to take in what Cas is looking at and finds a small pond with a few muddy-gray fish scooting their bellies across the silt. Dean thinks Cas might be gearing up for a speech about the fish and creation and humanity, something nice and cinematic to bookend their journey, but instead Cas says, “Hello, Dean.”
She shuts the door quietly behind her as she leaves. Dean is left in the darkness, quickly being lulled into sleep.
They’re exiting a bar somewhere in the middle of Wyoming, and Dean thinks it’s possible he’s never felt this good in his life.
to like it, but he puts it back down and doesn’t touch it again. Dean laughs, feeling warm and full from the look on Cas’ face.
Cas’ tongue touching his makes Dean shudder and crowd closer, heat stirring within him. Cas carefully nudges him back into the pillows, mouth never leaving his, and yeah, Dean wants this. He wants this so bad that his hands shake when they climb up to push off Cas’ trenchcoat.
Dean swallows, takes a deep breath. Castiel’s vision is blurring and he doesn’t know why until he abruptly realizes that he is crying human tears. His heart feels stuck in his throat when Dean leans toward him and says very, very slowly:
“I…” Sam’s mouth is open but no words are coming out, like he doesn’t know what to say. “I mean, I don’t know, Dean. I guess it depends. Is there any point in me asking why again?”
“What am I to you?” Dean asks, a hint of desperation in his voice. Cas takes a second to digest the question, and then just shakes his head, eyes wide. He almost looks scared.
He clambers out of his seat and toward his human, and because he appears unable to use words at this time, presses his mouth to Dean’s like he has so wanted to for so long.
He didn’t even mean to say them. Not really. It was just a thought lurking in the back of his mind, but he had let his guard down enough that they had accidentally slipped through without his permission, and now he can’t take them back.
His legs carry him back to the motel slowly, trying to school his face into something harder, something that doesn’t show every one of his sentiments like words on a page. He’s usually a master of it. This time it doesn’t work.
He hasn’t quite internalized all the things Cas said to him, but he can see Cas was telling the truth about one thing—he is clearly so happy to be standing at the edge of this pond with Dean. Nothing in his gaze is asking for something more.
Leaving Dean alone with his thoughts too long fucks him up. He knows that about himself, so he doesn’t know why he does it, except maybe because he deserves it. No more. He pulls the trigger and turns the doorknob, nudges the door open with a creak from the hinges.
Dean starts talking quietly when they get closer. “Fuck, baby, I got you,” and “So gorgeous,” and “Wanted this so badly.” He doesn’t know if Cas even hears him but he wraps his fist around Dean’s and they stroke each other together, quicker the more desperate they become.
Once, on a particularly rough night for their little pseudo-family, he saw Cas eye the whiskey peaking out of his duffle with an expression of mild interest, and Dean remembered the different Castiel he met when Zachariah whammied him into 2014. That Cas had been broken and empty and trying to mend together all his shattered pieces with booze and drugs and sex. His smiles were too wide, his eyes too blank, and Dean saw the way his hands never stopped shaking.
,” Cas says, in that way he always does, like it means more than the sound it makes in the air. He stands up.
“You mean...?” Cas can’t finish the question. He’s looking at Dean like a man finding faith, finding Heaven. Dean feels so overwhelmed and so happy for the two of them and surely he’s still red from crying before, but again he feels himself burning.
--but Dean poured that whiskey down the bathroom sink that night nonetheless. Sam didn’t question him.
Dean clears his throat and shifts a little to lean himself back on the headboard. “Hey, Cas,” he starts, voice low but gruff, trying to hide the careful way his tongue rolls over his name. “We’re in,” pausing, looking at his key for the name of the motel and the town, “Senoia, Georgia, Peachtree Motel, first room. We’re having a night in and wanna know if you feel like joining us. You know, if you’re not too busy. It’s okay if you are. Just thought we might as--”
Amidst the meaningless passages that escape Dean’s mouth—mostly dealing with his favorite movies Cas needs to watch, or reminiscing on past hunts he and Sam had worked—he says these words:
It is overwhelming and it is such a human need, and without hesitance Castiel submits himself to it.
The tips of Dean’s ears turn scarlet and he averts his eyes. It’s Sam who turns from where he sits at the motel’s small table with his laptop and looks upon him with an all-knowing expression on his face.
Castiel smiles a soft smile and adds the information to his already collected pile of things he keeps about Dean in the most intimate part of his mind.
Dean lies down and Mary sweeps his hair back before planting soft lips on his forehead. “Goodnight, Dean,” she says. “Angels are watching over you.”
That’s all the permission Dean needs. He straddles Cas’ hips and makes quick work of the zipper, tugging his pants down while Cas kicks them off, down to a pair of simple white boxers. He strokes Cas through them for a second which has Cas gripping his shoulder, digging the pads of his fingers into his skin. Then he leans down and kisses Cas below the navel as he pulls his boxers down.
When Dean gets back to the Peachtree Motel, his phone is telling him that it’s nearing midnight. It’s funny how that can happen--how time can be arrested in the face of panic. He hadn’t even noticed he’d walked so far. He’d be lying to say his feet didn’t hurt.
comes to a close, none of them really paying much attention to it at this point, and turns to face Cas.
There’s a street lamp that’s backlit him in a way that forms a sort of halo around the crown of his head, and Dean notices this just enough to think to himself
Cas looks down. He closes his eyes and breathes deeply. The two of them are suspended for a few seconds, like a water droplet about to fall from a blade of grass. The thread that ties them tightens and pulls.
They have sex. They move gently and deliberately and locked together, rising and setting like the sun.
“You’re going to have to settle down if you want to get any sleep,” she tells him. She grins as she sits down at the foot of Dean’s bed and pulls him into her lap.
And that itself is an uprising of mentality, Dean knows. He makes a small noise of worry and Cas rubs his back.
There’s a moment, then, when Dean lays back down and Cas hovers over him, both of them shirtless, that they simply allow themselves to look at each other. Cas is lithe but muscular, a little thicker in the waist than Dean and a shade tanner. He is the single most gorgeous thing Dean has ever seen. He urges to worship every inch of him.
That's what he'll fight for, Dean decides, as he looks at Sam. He'll fight for Sam, because in spite of the fact that Sam didn't look for him while he was in Purgatory, Sam hasn't left him since they've gotten back (even though they've had their differences, and Dean pulled that douchebag move of pretending to be Amelia). Not like other people, not like Benny and Cas, who his heart aches for, even though he tries to push it away from him, tries to shove down those extraneous emotions.
It's a scent that's familiar to Dean, but he still doesn't like it. Dirt, blood, smoke, burning flesh, he'll take all of it. He's used to that. Hell, he's even used to the slightly stale smell of the bunker now, even though it was unoccupied for the last decades. He's been in hospitals a million times, whether being a patient himself, visiting another, or investigating while on a case.
There’s also a question between them, one so loud now that he wonders if Cas can hear it too. A question he’s kept suppressed for years now, one he’s pushed into the corners of his mind and willed it to never choke his thoughts again, but for once, he allows himself to think it:
That memory catches him every time Cas does something soft around the edges with humanity. When his eyes light up with delight upon biting into a good burger, when he stops to pet a dog that had come wagging over to sniff his at shoes, when he wrinkles his nose slightly at the smell of sulfur. When he holds up Dean’s toothbrush and asks him why brushing twice a day is necessary, when his eyes dart to Dean the second he walks into a room, when he leans into Dean’s personal space because that’s apparently where he finds himself most comfortable.
A hollow space has found a home in him. Maybe he should find a bar, afterall. Whiskey won’t fill it, but it will make it hurt less, if he’s lucky enough.
"That’s still true," Dean murmurs, flush spreading across this cheeks. He averts his eyes from Castiel and it is felt as a great loss. "I never stopped loving the stars. They’re endless; the way all good things should be, I guess. I used to take Sammy out to look at ‘em before our mom died. After that I stopped believing that good things could last. But I never stopped looking for little lights in the darkness, ya know? Maybe the sun ain’t gonna come out tomorrow, but that stars sure as hell will."
“And I wouldn’t have it any other way,” Cas says. “Not if it meant I couldn’t love you. Never that.”
“Let’s say our prayers, okay?” Mary says. Dean stops squirming and nods, clasping his little hands together and closing his eyes. Mary bows her head.
He’s getting frustrated, is upset that after thinking so long and hard about this moment for so many years he somehow still doesn’t know how to explain to Cas how much he means to him, how much he wants him, how hard it is to beat down his self-hatred and accept that he might just deserve Cas, too. But Christ, he wants to try.
Cas seems to agree when he reaches down and undoes Dean’s zipper, slowly, like he’s savoring it. A part of Dean just wants to get this show on the road but he thinks that maybe he needs this, needs it slowly and carefully, needs to make it last. Cas has never done this with anyone and Dean has never done this with someone he’s felt so much for. Slow might be what they both need right now.
Not before, however, muttering under his breath, “Too close to the sun.” Dean chooses not to dwell on it.
He doesn’t know how long he walks. He keeps hoping that maybe if he walks far enough he’ll start to feel numb, but it doesn’t happen. A broken heart throbs like an open wound. The pain isn’t an option. He knows that, but still he itches for a drink, for something to make him forget if only for a second.
Cas is looking out the window, blinking at the houses and stores and winding small-town streets. The Cas who Dean met nearly three years wouldn’t have done that, Dean thinks, even if he had wanted to. But this Cas is unabashed in his fascination with the everyday lives of humanity. Dean can see the rise and fall of his chest as he breathes, lets his eyes linger on the bolt of his jaw, wonders if he reached out and touched Cas’ neck what his pulse would feel like under his fingertips.
“How could I ever--” Cas starts, fumbles. It’s unlike him, the back of Dean’s mind notes. There’s a certain passion in his tone that’s
Almost as often he sees Cas push him up against the wall in the green room, hand over his mouth, promise in his wide eyes. The moment that he shifted his faith away from his brothers and sisters and into Dean’s hands.
Cas closes his eyes. He speaks in stanzas, like his words are poetry. “If I am Icarus…” he says, “then you are my wings.
“What do you mean?” he tries to keep his voice from trembling, from giving away the alarming rate of his heart.
The use of that word again sends a fresh wave of joy through Dean, carving through the insecurity, the fear, warming him. Cas shakes his head and his smile is small, a little self-deprecating. “They tried to fix me. Do you remember?” When they hauled Cas’ ass up to Bible camp. That time after he came into Dean’s dream to give him a message. Dean nods. Of course he remembers. “They couldn’t. They tried for
” Cas growls. He gets from his seat and begins to stalk over to where Dean is lying, but Dean beats him to it by rising to his feet as well.
He freezes, closes his eyes. He doesn’t see Cas’ reaction, but he can feel it in the way the room has suddenly become icy.
Dean stared at the floor and rubbed the back of his neck. “Something kinda happened after we left yesterday…”
About half way through the mountain of gifts, Castiel ducked inside for another trash bag. Just as he turned to head back outside, a wave of dizziness slammed into him and before he realized what had happened, he found himself on the floor next to the counter staring up at the ceiling. Then the nausea hit and he turned just in time to vomit on the tile. He felt fuzzy and confused and as he stared at the mess on the floor trying to figure out what happened, he felt something drip off his forehead. He reached up to wipe the moisture away and his hand came back covered in blood. Why was there blood? How did he get on the floor? Castiel tried to sit up, but quickly slumped back against the cabinets. He felt so weak and uncoordinated. The room was still spinning and his limbs didn’t want to work properly.
She gave him a crooked smile and squeezed his shoulder. Castiel followed her into the house and headed to his room. He could hear the children playing in the twins’ room and grimaced. He shouldn’t have come home like this. What was he thinking?
“It’s nice to meet you. Cas talks about you a lot. I’m glad I have a face to go with the name. Hey, Dr. Adamson, it’s good to see you.”
And Katie. I love her. I've used her in a few other fics and she's a fun character to write. The original inspiration for her in this fic is thanks to a dear friend who also suffers from these two disorders.
Dean was still too angry to feel any disappointment over the girl leaving without getting her number. “That son of a bitch.” He jerkily got into the driver’s seat and just managed to keep himself from slamming the door.
Dean gave him a fond smile. “I know. I can hardly believe it either.” He held up one of Max’s shirts that sported a Batman logo. “This crap is so cute. I can’t wait to spoil the shit outta them Cas.”
Dean was confused when he saw the floral-patterned box, but a quick exam revealed nothing offensive. Aside from his address, the only other writing said
Patience had become more comfortable and affectionate; always giving hello and goodbye hugs. Alicia remained cheerful and insisted on being near either of them at all times and enjoyed sitting in their laps when they read stories. Max… was not much better than their original meeting. His posture had relaxed somewhat but Castiel suspected it was mainly his sisters’ presence that soothed the boy. Dean and Castiel never pushed him. They made sure to spend their time with the girls close enough for Max to feel included, but not close enough to crowd him.
Like their first trip, Castiel and Dean were exhausted by the journey. Thankfully, in addition to watching their house during their stay in Brazil, Ellen had prepared several days’ worth of meals and stocked the kitchen with groceries. Sam had also agreed to stay the night and help them out while Castiel and Dean tried to catch up on sleep. After getting the bags in the door and feeding the kids, the husbands showed them their new rooms, bathed them, changed them for bed, and pawned them off on Sam.
“Well you can’t really tell until they’re bigger. Hit me up in a few years and I might be able to tell ya.”
After they snuck past security while Meg provided a distraction, they hit up one of their favorite bars and had a few too many margaritas. None of them were in any condition to drive and were discussing calling a cab when Gabriel pulled up. The two men looked at Meg who shrugged innocently before getting in the front seat and scooting a little too close to Castiel’s brother. Gabriel was pleasantly surprised and was too distracted by Meg’s low cut top to bother asking why they were smashed at three o’clock on a Tuesday.
notice is the man in the trenchcoat standing in front of the window, holding a familiar black tablet in his hands.
John's diary is facedown on Dean's chest, where he had it propped up while reading. His body feels stiff, uncomfortable, and considering that he fell asleep with his head at an awkward angle against the headboard, it's no surprise. He sits up slowly, wincing, rubbing the back of his neck as he glances to the side, certain he's hallucinating -
Dean thinks, and rubs his forehead tiredly with one hand, trying to keep his cool, trying to stay calm. Cas, at least, is still standing in front of him, which is progress, he supposes, because the angel hasn't up and disappeared on him like he would have in the past.
and even if she's useless, even if she wasn't supposed to be here in the first place, she wants them to stay together because this is who she is now, who she wants to be.
"She's not a professor," says Cas out of the blue, still looking at his hands, and Dean grunts, sighs, and rolls his own eyes.
Dean closes his eyes and takes a breath. He opens them again, and a faint smile is on his face, Dean's fingertips brushing tenderly against Cas's cheek one last time.
"Look," she says again, the laughter slipping away. "Sam's going through hell, I know - wait, bad choice of words - well, I mean,
coming from the monitor above Cas's bed. Dean looks at him, his eyes tracing over the familiar face, the eyes that are now closed, and he wonders if this is what it feels like to die without really dying.
And the angel blade he took from Inais before they even entered the warehouse is buried into her back, right alongside Samandriel's.
"Oh, so we can be your bait?" says Dean sarcastically, because Gabriel is getting on his nerves just as he did before. "Yeah, no thanks. If we go up against the queen bitch of Heaven, you're damned straight I'm gonna be fighting right up against her. I've got a bone to pick with Professor Umbridge over there."
to getting the information out of Cas, and now the angel is looking as decidedly mute as ever, silently staring down at his hands.
"Listen, uh," Sam reaches into an inside pocket of his coat and digs around for a minute before pulling out his FBI badge that has
The nurses are always confused at how these people manage to get in to a supposedly restricted room.
thing, she decides, her eyes flicking back and forth between the two of them. Whatever it is that there is between them - which is obviously
"You're scared," Dean says, and Charlie shuts her mouth abruptly, looking flummoxed. Then she says, almost sulkily, "Okay, fine, I'm scared. Is that such a bad thing?"
Her eyes open wide, and for a moment she says nothing, simply stares down at the blade protruding from her chest, and then back up at her attacker.
He's sitting in the Men of Letters bunker and Sam's on one side of the table, laptop in front of him, and Charlie beside him, looking only slightly guilty, but mostly stubborn. Behind them, Gabriel is strolling around looking as pleased with himself as ever, with none other than the angel of sass and
He'll do it if he has to. He'll push forward, hold his chin upright, march onward. Do his duty, because he is Dean Winchester. He is John Winchester's son. He is a soldier, and moving on, moving forward, is what he does.
The redheaded young woman from the floor above is also a frequent visitor, after she's released. The patient in 16A still has a week or two left, not that he's determined to stay that long. He's already tried leaving twice, only to be dragged back by a security guard the first time, and the tall, dark-haired one the second time.
He and Sam manage to take out about two demons each, while Charlie stays with Kevin, trying to make sure he's all right, and when Dean takes a minute to look back, she's crouched on the floor beside him with an arm around his skinny shoulders, and something in Dean's heart constricts painfully, something he can't - or won't - identify.
And this is it! The end of this particular story of mine (or is it?)! Thank you all so much for sticking around to read it and for being so patient with me! I really appreciate your comments and just stopping by, so thank you thank you so much! I hope to see you guys again! <33
Behind him the warding sigils painted across the door glow a faint red, a bloody red. They can't put up angel repelling sigils because of obvious reasons, but they've used the same protection sigils they once used against Hester and her garrison to try and keep Naomi from finding them. "And how exactly are we supposed to do that?" he asks, not-so-surreptitiously hiding a cough, which Dean definitely sees, and it makes his chest constrict, makes his stomach twist unpleasantly because how much more is Sam going to have to be pushed before he breaks? "It's not like we've got the juice to gank an angel, especially not one like Naomi."
Sometimes, when the nurses peek in, they can see other visitors - a short man sucking on a lollipop, a man with a strange accent and a bottle of gin in hand (one that's soon confiscated). A pale-faced young man with a slightly childish visage in a weird looking red and white striped uniform. A brown-haired man in a dark suit and a lighter haired woman in jeans and a blazer.
So unless you've got some fantastically improbable, pathetic excuse for taking Kevin, we want him back. And even if you do - we still want him back."
"You mean the one where we stopped you from banging a fairy?" Dean can't help but interject, and Sam glowers at him while Charlie rolls her eyes.
"All in good time, big boy, all in good time." Gabriel waves a noncommittal hand. "I thought I'd come visit my favorite apocalypse wreckers first and give you the deets on a little secret I know you'll like."
She's got her arm in a brace and bruises on her face and when Dean says, "Dude. Are you serious?" she just gives him a look and says "Moondoor got a little rough at the end, all right? You try throwing a javelin thirty feet at the enemy without spraining something."
Balthazar's voice. Dean ignores it at first because he doesn't want to talk, doesn't want to think, doesn't want to
Charlie swings her arms at her sides and looks around, her lips curving upwards in a small smile. "I know; not usually my habitat, huh? But I figured something smaller couldn't hurt, and hey, there's still an internet connection, even if it was developed back in the days of Gandalf the Grey. The people here are nice, and, I don't know..." She gives a little shrug. "It's pleasant."
“So,” she squeaks, and her voice comes out several octaves higher than she meant it to. All three of them look at her, even Dean, who before now was muttering something under his breath that Charlie couldn’t hear, but that made Sam give him a pointed look.
" - she could be like our...not Garth. Someone to look things up while we're on a case. I mean," Sam glances back at Charlie, looking down at her phone and nodding her head in time to whatever music she's listening to in her thoughts. "Dean, she's already helped us out like three times with cases. And we wouldn't have gotten past Dick Roman - hell, we wouldn't haven taken
"No," she says calmly. "Not yet. See, Heaven's been missing an angel for quite some time now - an angel that the Winchesters are very familiar with."
There is the softest brush of something peaceful against his thoughts; a strange, unexpected feeling that makes Dean blink, tilting his head a little, and the minute gesture captures Naomi's attention. Her eyes narrow in suspicion, the tip of the angel blade pressing into Kevin's jugular, and the calm facade is slipping away, an ugly look appearing on her face.
"Hey," says the archangel, putting up both of his hands. "I had nothing to do with anything. I just thought I'd pop around, say hello to some of my old favorite yahoos, and Dean here just decided to hitch a ride on the way back."
He wishes, not for the first time, that Inias or Rachel had been able to heal him up. Hell, he'd have even taken those other two douchenozzles if it meant he wouldn't have to lie here in a damned hospital bed for the next twenty-four hours. But thanks to their little excursion at the warehouse - i.e. the
He's finally let his heart out and now he pulls it right back in and seals it away in the blackness.
remember is that same weariness as before, the same tiredness, as though the weight of the world is on his trenchcoat-clad shoulders and there's nothing to be done to lift that burden.
Before she leaves, Charlie sets the bottle of Jack Daniels back on the table beside him, and Dean eyes it warily as though he's afraid it might explode or something (maybe it will). The alcohol numbs him enough to get by, but not enough to forget because nothing he ever does will make him forget that he is still here and the two people that he cares most about besides Sam are not and never will be.
He reminds her slightly of the parakeet she used to have when she was a kid, and this amuses her too much, so she gives a little cough to dispel any indication of amusement, clearing her throat.
"Cas, you know," he says, and it's just like he's back in Purgatory, sitting up in the branches of a thick pine tree (he used to climb them to keep himself less of a target for the monsters at night), staring up into the starless sky, letting his thoughts out to the angel.
"I know what I said before, and I meant it," he replies. "We shouldn't have involved you in this, but now that we've come this far, we can't back down. Sam needs to come with us."
Something in Sam's expression softens. He glances at the figure on the bed and then back to Dean, reaching up a hand to clap him on the shoulder, his fingers squeezing slightly. There are no more words exchanged, but no words are needed.
"It's okay," she says, and she means it. Maybe tomorrow they'll all die, and man that's a terrifying thought because she really doesn't want to die before she at least gets a chance to see Gilda again, she doesn't want to die at all, not now, not ever, not like this, but right now, in this moment, it is okay.
It had taken Dean a moment to figure it out, and then he had all but thrown a lamp across the room, because no, no, this was not fair, this is not how it was supposed to have gone down. It was not ever supposed to have ended with Cas in the state he was in, it was not supposed to have ended with so many questions still unanswered, it was not supposed to have ended with Heaven in chaos and the demons still roaming.
Sam totally ignores the overrated joke and presses his lips together with a finality that Dean really doesn't want to argue with and can't
do these two need to figure out whatever it is that they’ve got going on between them, of which Charlie isn’t
For a brief moment he had almost allowed himself to just give in and say everything, but the moment had broken too soon and Sam had gotten out and Dean was left to crack jokes, make light of the situation.
Naomi grabs for Dean, fingers around his neck, choking the life out of him, and then Cas is there, Cas is pushing her away from Dean, and she's tossing Dean aside and grabbing Cas, and there's a clatter as his angel blade falls to the ground. She pins his arms against his back, spins him around, and Crowley's there, and there's a horrible, awful smirk on his face, and Dean is running but he's not getting anywhere fast and he just needs to get to Cas, he needs to get to Cas
"Woah, woah, woah," Dean says, and holds up a hand. "Charlie, come on. You're not a monster magnet. You just...happen to be at the wrong place at the wrong time. Bad things just...happen sometimes.
Dean is sleepy now, his hands still against Cas's face, foreheads together, his voice gruff as he says, "What is it?"
There's still a sense of sadness to his words, but Dean looks resolved, like this is what he's wanted to say, but never could. Charlie's eyes flick to Cas, who is not looking at her, but at Dean, and Charlie knows immediately that she didn't make a mistake before, that she didn't misunderstand, didn't over analyze the situation, because the way that Cas is looking at Dean is so filled with passion that she almost wants to just shove the two of them in a room and leave them alone for hours.
