"How does that response hold any sort of authority?" Sherlock looked at him defiantly, the immovable cocked eyebrow, and relented. "Oh fine." And shoved the sheaf onto the floor with extra petulance. Most of the papers fell in a large stack with a thwump, while a couple floated down gently like leaves.
Seventeen days into John Watson's self-appointed exile and there was a man in the water. Rudely floating face down.
"Mmm. Yes."
"Let me." Sherlock slurs, already tucking five lovely fingers into the elastic waistband. "Please let me."
(See the end of the chapter for
And as his naked silhouette disappeared from the doorway, John still couldn't find any words with which to respond.
"I knew of your plan to go to them the moment you met me at St. Bart's. I knew of your plan before /you/ had even thought of it, I'd wager. But you were generous and you gave me an entire week. So for that I thank you. I thank you and I'm sorry it had to end like this."
"Hm. I did not realize that a Captain was also fit to be a messenger as well?" Confused for a moment, John glanced down to see what Sherlock was looking at and then jumped to hand it to him. He'd forgotten the parcel was even there.
Pleased, Sherlock walked him the short distance to the half barrel. "Have you ever had a proper bath?" He obviously knew the answer before it came.
"There will be a next time?" Tears are beginning to rim Sherlock's lids.
"It needs to have a name?"
Too many thoughts and excuses came flooding over each other. "I never...it was...it didn't..." he cleared his throat in an attempt to steel himself. "What I did in the army...that was...IT was ...complicated."
He would no longer be a serf. He would be a freeman with a large purse of money. Enough money to pay off the debts of Harriet and Clara and make them free as well.
John had insisted on it all the more and sent her away to begin the paperwork immediately. Making her buy it before someone else did.
"A rock? That represents me?" Another intransigent head tip came from the toying detective as his thumb left his lips with a soft pop. "Oookay. I don't even get a clue, do I?"
He stood a whole head higher than John and looked to be as thin as a rye stalk. His features had been powdered completely white. Leaving only the shocking sin of his rouge lips and the slicing cut of his coal-lined eyes to emerge from that architectural impossibility that was his face.
On autopilot, John pushed his hips forward. Those side-by-side fingers sliding slickly out of him all the way until he felt the uneven edge of fingernails at his anus' rim, while the pinching thumb stretched forward to remain touching him all the while, giving it balance. Simultaneously, on the opposite side of him, his cock pressed gloriously through that oiled ring of fingers until it met the soft thatch of his pubic hair.
John lays his head back against his chair and tries to swallow down his vulnerability. With nothing more than words Sherlock has once again flayed him wide and found new depths. He to himself is a terrain undiscovered and it's taken  someone as brilliant as Sherlock Holmes to traverse him, expose him, and relate back to him in the most intimate of ways.
Back and forth and backandforth and backnforthnbacknforthnback!
check out the title page back at the beginning i MADE!! AGH! i'm so proud of it!!
In a last-ditch effort, John twisted his mouth as he pulled Sherlock up shallow, dragging his lips across that fat round overhang while simultaneously having to pull back the foreskin that was bunching up around it with slippy fingers. He was drooling readily around the tip. The pursed pink slit winking at him coyly when he went to readjust his placement.
It takes only a moment for Sherlock to deflate, "if you would please, Mrs. Hudson. For both of us." He grits out and she nods briskly, disappearing around the turn looking a lot less ruffled.
"Yes, yes." Sherlock flapped his hand, annoyed. "Do your doctorly duties."
The closer they drew, the more William began to draw his horses back until he was behind John, thrusting him to the forefront.
John finally had to look up at that, expecting a sly grin to be cleaving Sherlock's face from ear to ear, but there wasn't one. He was dead serious, light eyes staring an almost physical line between them. And it made the conversation all the more dangerous. "That's /exactly/ what gay is, Sherlock."
John almost felt shameful to breech this sacred place, but was immediately soothed when Sherlock turned minutely to grant him entrance. Revealing the pale edge of his face with his eyes closed in a welcome that John understood. Had he remained with his back to him, John would have slunk pathetically back upstairs. But this was a start.
"The man you were speaking to at the Jolly Bulldog was attacked later that same night by an unknown assailant. Mycroft took the liberty of calling this to my attention, otherwise I would not have known. Again, my selfishness comes into play." He laughed self-depricatingly.
He pulled Sherlock's hands away from the ratty old chair and clasped them tightly in his own, trying to find those virdigris eyes by using his chin as a lever, but Sherlock remained stubbornly buried over his shoulder, unwilling to look. "You. Just give me you." Sherlock rasped. "Please. I--I won't last. It won't last. Please. Please? I beg of you. You said you would-- give me you."
"Some of this skin here," Sherlock pointed to the more tattered of the edges with his pinkie, "it's been pulled off."
Reality only seems to resume when the tea strainer that had been in John's hand and had served to make such an extraordinary weapon, makes silent contact with the floor.
He could not flee.
He was incredibly lean, wearing only camouflage pants tucked into khaki boots. His stomach was tightly clenched, having been captured in mid-laugh. The rich mocha tan of his arms and neck was exaggerated by the differentially light tan of his bare chest, a testament to the months of spotty tee shirt wearing in the blaring Afghanistan sun Sherlock had already attested to. His dog tags gleamed like stars.
"God I want to touch you. Godfuck. I wish I could touch you." John rambles as he watches Sherlock move. He feels trapped in a straight jacket with his arms all bound up. Which might be a good thing because he thinks he might be losing his mind. "Jesus Christ you're fucking gorgeous. So gorgeous. Ah!" Sherlock's finger slips in and slips deep and John swears he can feel it clear up in his throat.
"Oh fuck." John whispers in awe and his sleepy cock gives a needy pulse at the sight of Sherlock's eyes flashing open.
There was no attempt at a reply.
And then John witnessed something as strange as it would have been to watch the moon change her phase in the course of one night; he watched a terrible temper overtake Sherlock completely.
"But our murderer knew this and calculated that he would have to shove our victim with enough force to get him fall over three other rails. He's smart. His victim was solidly built with a low center of gravity, it would have taken a lot of force to get him up in the air and across a distance of three meters.
He remained like that until the knighting coronation had come to pass.
John nodded.
The plan was a simple one. Their only obstacle being time.
It was even the bane of his nightmares.
It is a rock with a heart made of fire, hidden away in a modest shell.
John clearly had experience with sex, Sherlock noted, being able to read it in his every move. He estimated John to be a confident lover who knew exactly where to put things and how to do it.
This must be Sherlock's way of deflecting.
"John?" Sherlock said softly, after a while. He pressed his face against John's, swiping his jaw against his tears like war paint. Like he couldn't help it.
Charles advanced on Sherlock with the arrogance of a man approaching his possession. Smirking at the silent resentment he saw always there in the young Prince's eyes.
He felt a smile curl at his lips as he thought of them now.
But Brother Michael was pointing up the central road.
He chose this choice because he came home.
The notes went off into a thousand different directions, all set on a single, solitary path. A heart-wrenching tangle of chords that twined through the centre of this intimate concerto between him and John Watson.
"What's this for?" John caught it against his chest.
Taking the allowances he felt he deserved, Charles sowed a line of kisses down to Sherlock's shoulder, now trying to actively catch his eye in the reflection of the window as he pecked a trail. But Sherlock refused to watch this disgusting display happen to his person, if he could do nothing to stop from feeling it. He kept his eyes looking through.
"There's residue beneath his tongue. A sublingual barbiturate of some sort. Clever really, considering he's just been to the dentist. Oh right. I did mention one of those, didn't I? No one would think to question something like that being in his bloodstream. By the time you lot would have taken a blood sample - IF you had even bothered to take one in the first place - you would have come to correlate it with the fact that he's recently had his first and second molars removed. But by then it would have been too late, so it is to your great benefit that I happened by, because the irritation to his gums is at least a day old, so that makes the appearance of the drug /now/ highly questionable. That in itself should be evidence enough for you to make this about /murder/." He cast them each a pointed glare and spun dramatically on his heel, stripping off his gloves as he went.
John's head snaps away from their guest and he apologizes while groping for the remote. He knows in his bones what this is about. They'd only been waiting for it.
"No dear, they're from /your/ trousers." Mrs. Hudson said to John, "I usually make a habit of checking your pockets before I throw them in, but they must have slipped by me this time. Ah well. They've been on my drainage board all afternoon. Hopefully they're still shootable..."
As if during the detachment, the head had simply lolled back under its own weight and ripped completely off.
"Although there IS light scuffing on the souls of his brand new shoes, which suggests that his killer walked with him a bit as well. Helped to ensure that he was at the wrong place at the wrong time. All of these things reinforced by the fact that he was under the direct influence of a sedative."
"Oh. You're marginally intelligent John. I'm sure you'll suss it out." He accentuated the 'S's until the word became nothing more than a patronizing hiss. "Given enough time."
The mousy woman silently took her place in front of Sherlock now, the sound of piss so loud in the empty room, before she too took her leave. More servants entered as she left, this time carrying a long, shimmering gown of the brightest green and delicate gold embroidery and a whale bone corset. They were followed by another with the many pearled necklace and then another with a large wooden box. Though the latter was turned away with a small shake of Sherlock's head.
"Sherlock. Give it back. Right. Now." He emphasized his upturned hand with fire in his dark eyes. Smears of dried semen and saliva were streaked across his belly and glowed in the light, lacquering his pubic hair into a fern pattern. Sherlock found this oddly beautiful. "It doesn't concern you."
"Indeed." Charles agreed. His sliding eyes fell on the bed to the tray of food that had been left there. It was a delightful surprise to find that a couple slices of the meats, a cut of bread, a wedge of cheese, and an entire pear had gone missing.
A phone beeped during a musical lull from the sitting room and he heard Sherlock rise to fetch it.
It was a sigil that had writhed bright on a backdrop of black trimmed in gold for four hundred years. With its cock's head crowned in a blood-red comb. Both wings spread like a flush of daggers. It stood on a lizard's hind legs, which were stretched wide and tipped in fierce claws. The creature finally culminating in a snake's tail that looped in malicious coils clear across the castle standards.
Sherlock's eyes were closed in concentration. His black curls bouncing softly in time. John could see his jaw hang slackly as he lost himself to the music. Became its harbinger and maker.
"Here."
"The composite will function just like a normal tooth," Dr. Sipe was saying, "but if anything should happen; go ahead and give me a call. Otherwise, I'd like to see you back in two weeks just to make sure everything's worked out."
"Um--" John began, but Sherlock talked right over him.
John watched every subtle shift of muscle beneath soft flesh and fabric. The tenuous clench of his abdomen, to the corded roots of his neck. The shoulder-width V set of long and slender feet that allowed him to sway into each stroke, lean into the chords and snap back at the right time. All of it for John.
"I could've sworn the bugger was /you/ mate!" Lestrade wheezed as the panic left him. "He was your bloody twin."
"I can't...I won't...I will not," Sherlock shook wet curls in protest, but his mouth betrayed him. "You won't love me after this, John." Sherlock whispered as if to himself. As if about to cry. "You will not."
He kept his eyes fixed upon the door until the meek woman left through it with the flask half full in her hand. The door closed solidly behind her.
love and thanks to you all!
There was movement and suddenly Sherlock was by the front door, pulling on his Belstaff, abandoning his mess in the kitchen like it never existed at all. Apparently he felt it could wait.
When the High Steward had shut the door between them, had walked them to the top of the steps which were far enough away from the door that Sherlock would not hear, he turned to John. "All this?" He asked, eyeing him critically. Trying to make John wither beneath his stare. "For an insignificant mushroom?"
Not saying a word, again knowing without having to see, Sherlock bent to task and with deft fingers slid John's boots from his feet. Peeled his hose from his legs, the cloak from his back, and the sky blue doublet from John's tired shoulders.
"Mmmm ready...please....I'm ready." It was a struggle to be coherent, to be heard above the lust. "Fuck me." He gasped.
Happy to move on to the main event, Sherlock sparked with excitement. "Oh, Inspector...you're in for a treat. John, would you do the honours please?"
Sherlock switched two boxes in place and then shuffled a sixth one in between the second and third, tilting his head as if deciding something. "I'm attempting to create an entomological timeline of all the flying insects that are drawn to a human body after death with their corresponding larvae." He said simply with his brow furrowed. He swapped two more boxes then waggled his hand back and forth in the air as if he couldn't decide if he liked his decision.
When John meets the man's eyes, he has the overwhelming feeling of being pushed back inside himself. His eyes are penetrating. Boring. They seem to slip beneath his skin and parse him out as if he were tidy cuts of meat. It's so unlike Sherlock's; where he is more keen to explore and disseminate all that he finds. With this man, he seems more to /devour/.
"Do you hold to your oaths, John Watson?" He finally asked, once John pinched look of starvation had left John's face.
"What else?" Sherlock pressed. The weight of his gaze seeming to press the truth right from John's tongue.
Ensconced in the warm embrace of his chair and gratified by the first satin sip of some /very/ fine scotch, John suddenly came to the realization as he looked across to his expectant flatmate, with whom he was about to discuss previously untold secrets regarding his amorphous sexuality, that his mind had come up completely blank.
With a click, the barrel screw lock disengaged and the long fingers tickling the fine hairs on his buttocks moved to linger at the lily-white flesh of his inner thigh. The delicate wooden piece feeling strange as it shifted a little in its new allowance.
p.s. the song John dreams to is
He gasped a little gasp as Sherlock divested himself of his bottoms and gown in a calculated flurry before climbing straight into the chair with him. He'd been pantsless, his cock parallel to his lean belly. He wrenched John's own boxers down by sheer force, nearly ripping them in his haste and John could do nothing but scramble to make room and get his knees tangled in his underwear. Sherlock's feet took purchase between the seat cushion and armrests,  essentially pinning John into place.
"An opal." Sherlock mumbled, barely loud enough for John to catch. He had vacated his bright eyes, staring at the wall beyond the doctor.
"Lestrade?" John's voice cracked.
Needing help out of his coat, John points his feet towards his chair and considers it a bloody miracle when he makes it there and is able to sit down with some control before outright collapsing.
"What the fuck! What the bloody goddamn fuck have you done?!" John came barrelling down the stairs, meeting all six feet of the wounded detective at the bottom. He got up right into his face, stabbing an accusatory finger in proximity to his eye. Sherlock merely held up his hands in protest.
He meets Mrs. Hudson on the front step coming in, her hands free of the rubbish sack she'd just taken to the bins. "Oh! John! Where are you off to?"
John bowed again and felt the same. "Goodnight your Highness."
"I shall give you a moment to collect yourselves." High Steward Charles said to William and John once they had finally cleared the landing a little ways behind him. Already quite use to having to climb these 17o steps as he did every day, he was hardly out of breath as he looked upon the two struggling men with some distaste. "I must make certain Prince Sherlock is ready."
Sherlock tucked it back away carefully. "Unlikely. There are two more strands under the collar, I made sure. Telling them so was practically giving it to them on a silver platter. I estimate that it should give us about two hours' head start to interview the murderer before Gregson takes him into custody."
Sherlock took a step towards John at this, sliding back into eyes that were so ignited, they practically gave off their own luminescence. "So then why would you even consider denying yourself your most base, biological urge to my proposal when I will hold no prejudice against you? When I am completely aware of what you have endured and will not subject you to derision because of it? I'm trying to offer to you exactly what it is that /you/ need to remain happy.
John heard the door open behind them, involuntarily tensing. Ygritte, oblivious to the true nature of what had caused him to startle, put a comforting hand on John's shoulder after removing her glove and gave it a squeeze of reassurance. Scribbling some things down onto a clipboard.
John laughs again, shaking his head a bit and letting his eyes fall closed. "You're incredible."
John cleared his throat and controlled himself.
And just as quickly as it had begun, it was over.
"Surely, you can't have kept yourself clothed for the entirety of your adult life, that's ridiculous. You've spent the majority of your days in the military after all, and I've heard the rumors of what those soldiers get up to."
The second portrait was of the High Steward seated in a throne. Depicted twice the size as his actual self, he was practically swimming in a sea of fur-lined robes and shining silk, ones so finely painted that the observer could possibly reach out and touch their fine hairs.
"You do." William had assured him, squeezing him more tightly. Forcing the air from his lungs as John found his own hands gripping far too tightly into the back of William's tunic and forced himself to let go.
The little red calf had suckled herself like a glutton. Her small belly rotund now with the milk from her mother and she had wandered a little ways off to lie down and sleep it off. The sun now at its apex in the sky.
John dreaded his own reaction if such a thing were to occur. What if it went REALLY bad? What would he do if he were to find himself cut bereft once again? Forced from his new home? Would he have to retreat back into a bedsit? Soldier on? Put himself out of his own-- but he supposed they'd cross that bridge if they came to it.
oo5. Eric Crenshaw is the creation of Basser whose story Can't Rewind Now We've Gone Too Far http://archiveofourown.org/works/594142 is part of my headcanon for Sherlock's childhood because it's so damn good.
That done, he stands and stoops, lifting John by his chest and is careful to keep his broken right arm cradled in his hand, bringing it up with them and pausing every time John lets out a distressed noise. By the time John's standing, his legs are watery enough that he has to use Sherlock as his main support.
"John?"
William came in place of John as daylight broke open amidst all the rain.
He looked up now, holding Sherlock's eyes. "I've been assigned by the King to protect you, and I hold to that oath Sherlock, no matter what. Even if that means having to protect you from yourself. So please," he encouraged softly, "eat something? For me."
"Because, John Watson," Sherlock said softly, assuredly, "you survived everything so that you could find your way to me. So that we could be together forever."
After a very long breathless moment, Sherlock's phone buzzed with an incoming message.
"We're going on a date?"
John snorted, though he was frankly relieved that things hadn't reached terminal velocity right then and there. "Right. Well, whatever I can do to oblige Professor Cocktease in his scientific endeavors." John only half joked with a mock bow, turning to the sink to get himself a glass of water and two blessed minutes to cool down without Sherlock's lithe form in his periphery. Jesus Christ how did Sherlock manage to get him worked up so quickly? They still had things to talk about.
John swallowed the brittle lump on the rise in his throat and looked pointedly over to Molly, /praying/ that she too hadn't seen. But luckily Molly was standing with her back turned to the scrub room, busy calibrating the hanging scale pan up on her tiptoes, completely oblivious to it all. She had donned all the gear necessary to continue the autopsy internally. The large, black smock contrasting almost comically with her khaki trousers, thick-soled white trainers, and polka dot socks.
As amusing as the thought was now, the bout of madness itself had been rather scary. He still  remembered waking up on the thousandth day of his imprisonment in the same bed in the same solar staring up at the same canopy and realizing with utter clarity that he no longer had the will to live.
Sherlock's eyes flashed around the room, taking everything in and when he met John's once more, he smiled like a viper.
He was soaked to the bone, but did not want to remove his boots in fear that he wouldn't be able to put them back on. The small fire he'd made sputtered and hissed as rain made its way through the branches.
Convincing himself that he'd learn his sentencing here in a moment anyway, John lifted his chin defiantly, outstretched his arm, and mentally pulled on his thick skin. "Sherlock. Could I have a towel please?" He was free to let fly whenever.
The door behind Sherlock was open now and a thin older man in lush dark velvet came almost slithering into the room. Another predator advancing on its cornered prey.
"Sherlock. Stop."
His lungs burned. His thighs screamed for mercy. His armour felt as though it grew heavier with each laborious step while the parcel in his hand became a nuisance, became a rock, became a cannonball to carry.
"Uh," Sherlock stuttered a bit more and took it back down from his eye, blinking. He looked it over like it was brand new in his hands. Like it had never been in his possession at all. "It's, well, a ...looking glass, I suppose. I haven't named it. I just--It's meant to help me see things that are very far away."
"But you can't!" Sherlock had cried desperately. Choking on his own realization of what he had done. The gravity of it all.
"To take care of the," he flapped his hand ambiguously, "copulation...problem you had previous to this. It seems to me that that would have been the most logical approach outside masturbation. Of course, not /right/ after your hospitalization, it would have had to have been post your physiotherapy sessions, being left-hand dominant. Obviously."
John blinked and looked at his watch, amazed that that had just wasted twenty minutes. "Damnit!" With jar in hand he raced up the stairs remembering to check himself at the top and approach slowly.
"I don't understand." There was nothing special about a fish.
John hadn't really thought of what a King's solar might look like (as he'd only had Sherlock's for comparison) but even then, John had spent very little time actually contemplating the room within which Sherlock was kept.
This was still about The Case.
"And did the High Steward also deign to tell you the terms of this 'marriage'?" Sherlock asked with a bit of a bite to his words. As though they tasted sour.
John could still recall with perfect clarity that golden feeling of sinking his hard member for the first time into that sweet pink arse. The sudden pop of opening flesh and the delicious puuuuush as he pressed into William. Those two round cheeks filling his small hands so beautifully as he slid inside with the most gentle persistance and brought his lover to the highest pleasure.
"How many serious relationships would you say you've been in John?" The question came out of nowhere, slapping John right up against the occipital lobe. It took him a minute to work it out. Sherlock's spine twisting to look at him.
His cock pulsed as fond memory broke over him, realizing where these had come from and who they belonged to.
John stayed silent, not wanting to break the strangely comfortable moment between them with conjecture.
"Bathroom's not turned into a bloody jungle when we need to use it and we can break in the new sheets." He smirked and rose and held his hand out, leading Sherlock up the stairs and through the threshold, taking a seat on the side of his bed and only having a moment to admire his new high thread count bedding before he couldn't care.
She seemed to be fighting the immediate words in her head from coming out and presumably chose the second best thing she thought of. "I should haul you both in for obstruction of justice!"
So a night out in this capacity was far preferable.
It's Sherlock's keen eyes that allow them to find the seam in the wall where no one else would have thought to look.
Slowly, the three of them nursed John back to health. And then the day came when John, still mostly bedridden and prone to long stretches of sleep, but able to sit up and take a little wine and pottage broth, received two messengers from Castle Appledore.
"And what does this have to do with the food?" John was almost afraid to ask.
John was wiping all presence of rouge from the detective's throat with a cathartic motion, letting his imagination turn the glistening streaks into porn-worthy laves from his tongue. Conjuring up what soft sounds he might illicit with such ministrations and just what precisely a Consulting Detective must taste like.
"You're not!" John shouted and the shock of it made both men's eyes finally meet.
He crossed his last T and closed the folder, stripping himself of being a doctor with the finality of unhooking his stethoscope from about his neck and closing it away into his drawer. That facet of him slipped off easily. It had been a welcome shift in mentality. The break he needed. Time away from the enigma that was Sherlock and this hot cold, stop start mess he'd gotten himself into.
Sherlock sighed, apparently John was missing the point entirely. "You've slept with men on occasions prior to this, it's not as if I am suggesting something you've never engaged in before."
John loses the race when Sherlock presses his palm against the rigid length of John's cock over his underwear and they both find out he's standing hard as steel. John's mouth dislodges in a surprised gasp as he presses his hips up into the pressure. "Oh my God!Sherlock!"
"That's wonderful! How very kind of you." Mrs. Hudson exclaimed.
With nothing more than a nod of his head and an apologetic smile to the somewhat grateful DI, John left NSY to their work. He jogged to catch up to the man-like freight train rippling with so much energy he nearly shook the air around him, coming down off the rush.
He had just blinked blindly at the threadbare chair placed in the center of the sitting room, lit by a hazy shape of sunlight that wasn't meant to be indoors. The antimacassar placed impeccably at its center. The finely webbed threads burnt brown with time. Almost skeletal.
John knit his fingers together and rested his forearms flat on the table, as if grounding himself before electricity arced between them. "The consulting detective who's /supposedly/ a genius. Haring off in the middle of the bloody night - brandishing /stolen/ missile plans - with the intent to give them over to a serial bomber. Sound about right?" He stared fixedly at the mop of dark curls floating above the grayish, gelatinous brain now separated into six equal sized slabs. "The thing I can't seem to understand though, is why on EARTH you would ever think that would have been a smart idea."
"I informed you as soon as I was able."
"Meaning?"
"How did you--uh, yes. Right. B--*ahem* he was mad about lore and mythology. Different cultures." John managed a small, wet smile as he stared hard at the back of the photo, as if it were the only way to see it. "Didn't matter what one specifically, just as long as it was ancient. He loved that stuff so much he started learning their languages in his spare time. He spoke five fluently, when I met him. Two dead languages as well. He could read Sanskrit."
Sherlock pulls off abruptly and John snaps back into his body like Sherlock's just performed an exorcism. "Wha-?" He pants and Sherlock is braced up on all fours, looking down between his own legs.
John reached over and slapped a gloved hand down on Sherlock's bouncing knee, stilling it, before drawing it away. His face turned towards the window. Sherlock took it as the game of chess it was, making his own move to counter.
Sherlock sighed but smirked wryly, like it was all so terribly easy. "Honestly. Given the tenuous relationship you have with your sister, it's no great leap to assume that you refuse to get along with her simply by the fact that you two have identical personalities. Harry would have come to terms with her sexual identity, being the older sibling, far sooner than you would have and came out to your parents, I suspect, sometime in her early teens.
His eyes snapped open, his ears pricking immediately towards the door, before he brain caught up with his actions and his current predicament and uttery swamped him with shame.
The possibilities stirred something deep within him as his earliest experiments were continuing to prove fruitful. It gave him a dangerous new shred of hope to cling to.
"What are these?" John unsheathed them partially, furrowing his eyebrows before pushing them back in. "I don't understand." It was obvious to both of them why these papers had been drawn up, but John didn't want to give him any more ammunition than he clearly already had.
There was a slight groan of the floorboards as Sherlock shifted on his feet and a metallic sound when his hand tightened on the doorknob. But there was no rebuttal. No uppity come back. Just a deep inhale and long exhale and another loaded silence to hang up on the air between them. It seemed that for once in his life, Sherlock Holmes had nothing to say in return. And that was perhaps more devastating.
"Only if it holds up in court..." Sherlock began, but Lestrade cut in. His tone was edging onto frustration as though he  remembered where he had just come from and what he had to go back to. Not willing to hear out this battle of catty remarks any further. "Alright. That's enough. The both of you. Just tell us what you've found so we can get this over with."
"What's gotten into you?" John asked.
It was a masterpiece of carved white stone. Horrible and terrific to behold.
When he did, he felt something else in those fingers and the dreamlike quality of the place lost its soft blurred edges and took on a sharper, more familiar form. "Hang on. Let me see those." Sherlock was only pleased to hand their fake IDs over for John's inspection.
Getting John maneuvered into the back of the car is a bit of a ungainly fumble, but when he is finally seated and eased back against Sherlock's chest, there's a set of heavy blankets thrown over his lap and a bottle of very expensive whiskey readily equipped with a bendy straw at his face.
"I would have never considered orgasmic wailing to be any sort of an enhancement to a song. And it seems my point has just been proven." Came a dark rumble and John was not in the least bit surprised somehow to see Sherlock standing in the doorway to the office he'd /locked/ an hour ago. Hands behind his back. "That was hideous."
"You're having me on." John says after a beat. Not able to stop himself admiring the tiny wrinkles in the twist of Sherlock's long white neck.
Sherlock was utterly surprised when that action caused a warm pulse to arrow into his groin. The idea of being kept. He acknowledged this feeling within him, but knew that nothing more arousing would come of it.
John wasn't falling for his nonchalance. "No. What you can do is find him, catch him, and stick him in a hole where no one will ever think to look for him again. You /do/ have THAT kind of power, yeah?"
"I will gather you every morning before sunrise and take you to your chambers every night after sunset. I hold the only key to this door and I will be the only one to use it.
"I used you." Sherlock confesses.
His touch was infinitely delicate, as though Sherlock might shatter under his hands. Fully aware that his prisoner was just beginning to recover from having tried. "It is a pleasure to see you upright once more, my lambkin." Came a soft and terrible voice very close to Sherlock's ear. Two hands wrung in golden rings slid possessively around his ribs. "I cannot tell you how worried I was to think that I should lose you."
He was headed back towards Appledore Castle.
"It's a lover because he was given a suit?" John asked naively.
First things first, he would balance their books.
John wants to make this clear and so he takes a step forward, fringing into Sherlock's space. "I've no right to be angry  because I willingly killed a man who threatened you after the first day we met, Sherlock. And I would absolutely do it again if I had to. In a HEARTBEAT I would do it. I would do /anything/ to keep you safe. Go to any length. Sacrifice anyone. I /know/ that feeling. It just took me a while to see."
Sherlock took a moment before answering, steepling his hands before his face, his eyes on the head, and a grin slicing incrementally wider and wider as something began to become perfectly clear to him. "Oh. Anderson. How delightful it must be for you to be in the company of one as evenly matched as yourself..." the genius looked up at his waiting audience. "What, ladies and gentlemen, floats?"
let this be a lesson...
"Alright, now that everyone's present and accounted for, can we please get on with it?" Lestrade urged, directing his words toward Sherlock the most.
He only deigned to acknowledge her when John put an elbow into his side, giving her a small, forced smile. But it was enough for her face to split into a cheek-aching grin, two dimples appearing beneath her eyes. Those, in combination with the two buns her hair was pulled back into, made her look like a little girl. Her white lab coat was the only thing that grounded her back into maturity.
"So could it have jumped? Maybe didn't like the water? Do they even have the means to replicate ocean water nowadays? I suppose they do."
It was John's turn to stare back now. Like he still couldn't manage to believe this. His eyes nearly filling with tears.
The cow, pulling the ox down with her, had folded up her legs and lay down right there in the field, obviously deciding that her day's work was done as well.
Sherlock dredged his Mind Palace for more information, wanting to keep John talking. Wanting to learn about the John he'd been before. A reference to Myo-o flickered before him. "The 'immovable wisdom king', wasn't that Fudo?"
"Sorry. I just um, well, I was wondering if you weren't busy if you'd like to gross with me. No. That's not right. I would like it very much if you would perform...no, let me start over." She took a deep breath. "Sherlock? Would you perhaps like to perform the grossing with me?" She bit her lips and held out a large scalpel towards him, presenting it as the gift of allowing him to do the Y-incision.
It was quite possible to believe that they were the only people currently occupying this ghost town, if it weren't for the prickle of hidden eyes watching them that tingled the back of John's neck.
"Is he odd? This Prince Sherlock?" He found himself blurting, though he hadn't particularly intended to voice that question first out of them all.
Silence settled again for a very long while between them. John watching Sherlock stare into his tumbler, afraid to disrupt the solemn moment and unguarded expression on his friend's face. The rarity of such a thing as it was made John think that Sherlock had purposely not thought of Victor Trevor for a very, very long time.
Because he was the only person out in the open in the entirety of the town.
"Sher..." John tried, holding Sherlock's gaze for as long as he could.
Moran's face had split back into a sneer above the silver wall of the gorget that protected his throat at that. A bark of laughter spouting forth. "Is that so? A drunkard crawling out from the pub at midmorning?"
By the time John made it back to the flat it was growing dark. He'd stayed to bullshit with Lestrade a bit. Who'd told him that he was most likely the one to be taking over the case now that Gregson had made such a public mistake. There'd probably be no saving face after today. The NSY was probably in motion to forcefully retire the man as they spoke. Upon leaving, Lestrade had asked for John to tell him as quickly as he could whatever it was that had Sherlock's 'bollocks in a twist', because it appeared to be important.
Sherlock's chin tipped down and John met him. Mouths pushing, tongues coaxing as they sipped the heady taste of scotch from each other's lips, wrapped up in serendipity. John put one arm around Sherlock's shoulder and couldn't help the groan that escaped him when a long, beautiful hand swiped high and cupped him through his jeans. His whole spine going icy cold while his loins filled with heat. Indecisive goosebumps raising up on his arms. He broke away reluctantly. "But not here. Upstairs. My room."
He walked away, back to where the bed stood and took up a flask of liquid that was similar to the one the physician's apprentice had brought to Sherlock's chamber three days ago. The one he had had to piss in.
With a put upon sigh, Sherlock indulged in a deductive squint reminiscent of the way one would sight in a rifle and began. "Tell me John. Was it the male camaraderie in combination with the persistent threat to life and limb that was the catalyst for you to begin your exploration of the previously suppressed homoromantic side of your bisexuality while away in Afghanistan? Or was it simply convenience?" He took a prim sip from his glass, savoring his kill shot.
It was with a parting handshake to Henry that John taken what he thought to be his final look at William and turned around and left.
"You mean aesthetically? Because of course that would be of interest to you. He was brunette, athletic, he had freckles. I suppose he fit into the societal construct of one who would be considered handsome, and I believe at the time I had considered such a triviality significant.
"Followed up a lead involving a missing person's description and found out that our guy under the bus was a man named Athelny Jones, thirty-six, lived alone on Marylebone. Confirmed by fingerprints. He was reported missing when he didn't arrive for work. We're questioning co-workers for leads, but we haven't come up with anything yet."
"You admitted to me yourself at dinner that you hadn't slept with Sarah yet and at the time I didn't see, but now NOW it's all so clear! It's not as if you weren't given ample opportunity to be invited to her flat; I could tell from her cheek capillaries and continual body proximity to you that she would have been willing to bed you the very night of the Chinese circus. Well, of course, if it hadn't turned out the way it did...
While Sherlock feigned passing interest with a shrug, John could tell he was taking a mental photograph of it with his very particular squint before he returned to his seat and said nothing more. There was the sound of the door opening and closing and Dr. Sipe stretched the loops of his paper mask across his face. "Alright then, we're ready to begin if you're ready Dr. Watson? Good man. Let's begin."
"I'm not interested." Sherlock interrupted bluntly and tried to maintain his hard look. It lasted all of about seventeen seconds however, because his frown kept cracking with worry. "So, you would concede that you didn't like him then?"
In the tub itself, Sherlock had gathered seven large pots. Each one containing a variety of Sarracenia. Large clarinet-shaped blooms with lime green stalks and mottled red heads that gawped strangely and swayed stiffly as he relocated them into a better cluster around the vanity, out of the way.
"That is 'Hellmouth'." The High Steward's voice came from the far end of the room, causing John to jump.
"Mycroft." John said darkly, glancing up at the glowing windows of 221B before sliding into the opposite seat.
"I figured--"
Sherlock pierced him shallowly now, experimentally. Getting pushed out instantaneously as the muscle constricted. A surprised groan crippled by a half pant emerged from John's mouth as he fought involuntarily against Sherlock's long starfished fingers. His heels skittering on the bedspread.
"But I wasn't there!" John practically shouted as the words struck home. "I should have been there."
"I'm...I..." Sherlock stutters. And he's looking down at his cock which is standing straight out against his belly. Much to his own surprise, to go by the look on his face.
The instant they buckled, Sherlock held his weight, as though his submission was the point of it all. He worked John's mouth until it was open and pliant, encouraging John to allow his tongue to probe deftly inside. Sherlock ate the half-moan that crawled up John's throat and took it as welcome to lick deeper and harder inside, scraping his tongue along the crowns of John's teeth and driving them both back a step or two before the doctor finally - and begrudgingly - put his hands around Sherlock's biceps, squeezing in monition before it went too far. They were in a /morgue/, after all. It had to sacrilege, or something.
Unsure how far in to come, since William had left him at the door with a bow, John proceeded slowly. Needing a bit of time to take it all in.
John was too preoccupied with looking at his feet to see the way Sherlock's eyes scribbled over him. But he could feel their presence all the same.
"I believe so." Time since then had become a slurry of days.
"You have me! We can figure it out!" John had bellowed, fists beating his chest. The heat of unshed tears had sucked at his eyes. Too selfish to see through his own heartache to listen to his lover's. "You and me together! We've made it this far! We can figure it out. . ."
Sherlock came forward and tipped his head over John, his face close, utilizing his height and reaching up to rub his thumb across John's cheek. "You do not have to hide from me." He stated, taking turn to look into each of John's eyes separately for emphasis.
John smiled. "Um, no. We've separated. We sort of grew apart and both agreed it wasn't going to work out."
Directly under the windows and to the side of an oak armchair, stood a tall candlestick that was obviously Sherlock's most frequent companion during the night, for there was an absolute mountain of dripped and hardened wax cementing the entire stick into place.
'Only when I'm emotionally compromised enough to circumvent my thoughts, does this happen. . .when I'm desperate for affection at the end.'
"Uh," John's gentlemanly qualities bubbled up by rote, blinking in surprise. "Be my guest."
"It's to be William!" Clara had blurted, unable to keep the joy from her face. Looking as though she had held this secret for far longer than she had originally intended to.
In fact, this was as close as the South could come to the North in these parts.
The High Steward saw John looking over the food and stopped before him again, leaning down in a way that was meant to intimidate. "Given early evidence, it appears that your presence may prove to be of some value after all, Captain." His tone seemed slightly surprised by this, though his skeletal face was inscrutable. "I do hope you will do everything in your power not to spoil it."
The fantasy sent a frisson of excitement through him, one so potent he found one hand curling around his prick and a voice-tinged gasp escaping his throat before he knew it. The motion had been so automatic that for the briefest of moments it could have been a stranger's hand. Almost possible to imagine it as Sherlock's han...hhnnnfff. Almost.
In the story that followed, Miles talked about an old friend whom had passed away just that summer after succumbing to that malicious disease, to which John conveyed his condolences.
The only warning he had that he had reached the top was the sudden flurry of colour as he nearly crashed straight into the High Steward himself.
"Fire axe." Sherlock said calmly.
Since then, John had kept his eyes fixed firmly ahead as if the whole thing may prove to really be a mirage.
"I needed to use your phone." Sherlock could hardly be arsed to pick up an arm to shrug for that. "Why didn't you ever call her back?"
(See the end of the chapter for
And it had worked.
There were sharp gasps from the neighbors drawn out by the noise and John felt a lead weight drop into his guts. His ears scorched immediately red hot and it had nothing to do with the cold. He wished desperately that he had chosen to sleep through this weird and frankly horrible day. Or perhaps awaken from the nightmare it had become.
"Trivial." Sherlock had waved a long hand in dismissal, "we've a client coming at three John. I expect--" then he immediately stiffened up, his ear cocked towards the stairs.
"You're a fit man, which you supplement with your pension for a more form fitting wardrobe. So it's surely not an act of modesty that you would cover yourself so completely. You consider your aesthetic to be one of your defining features, so to even entertain the possibility that you amour-propre would be at all infringed upon by your clothing choices simply wouldn't suit your character.
"In a manner of speaking. Yes."
If someone else were to look at this photo, they would see two men horsing around, playing it up for the camera. But with Sherlock's meticulous eye, he read their body language as easily as if John had said it aloud:
"Your Majesty." John greeted into the stilted silence. "I have come to serve you and his Highness, Prince Sherlock. At your behest."
"Oh. You took a bit." Molly said as she turned finally to put the weights away. She blinked confusedly between the two awkwardly staring men. "I hope everything's alright."
"On yourself?"
John choked on a breath of disbelief.
They had reached the point in the valley that geologically split the North from the South with an impassable cliff side and forced the branching road to go off in only three directions.
But what John's professional eyes locked onto most pointedly was the gruesome, almost cartoonish cinch and swell of the young man's midsection. In combination to the crying woman and the double-decker bus, it left a pretty good guess as to what had been the cause of his death. Even if the results seemed impossible to believe.
"Maybe there's an inventory he's going by? Like he only needs specific organs and he's just ticking off a checklist..." John responds. "Supply and demand?"
John laughed. "I'm a doctor." Despite the fake name, he felt it best to stick to as many facts as he could. Which turned out to be a very good thing.
The bird would stoop and immediately begin to feed upon his brother's corpse and as it fed it began to morph, fattening itself on the blood of the King, and soon High Steward Charles' blue eyes turned up from his meal and froze Sherlock in place with his look of absolute animal lust.
Savior of Umberland of the North.
A surprise pops up and dubious things go down.
John could have sworn that his lashes were clumped with moisture, but Sherlock was looking down between them now, scooting closer, shaking his head, bringing a surprised yelp out of John as Sherlock took them both in hand and began a steady stroking of their cocks pressed together. "If I look at you I'll start to think and if I think, it will all be lost. Please John. Now. I need this now."
John would be the first to admit that he was no lethario when it came to giving head to men, but the couple of times he actually HAD sucked cock, Bill had undeniably gotten off, so he didn't fancy himself total shit at it.
It was almost an hour later that Sherlock began to stir to life again. There was a sharp intake of breath, followed by the subtle shifting of his shoulders and he came back into himself in an instant, spinning around on his heel.
John's movements were quick, his eyes kept closed as he pulled open his bedside stand, groped, and produced a down-turned photo from beneath his Browning. He held it towards Sherlock with his head tilted away, as if he were afraid to see it. His face already devastated.
"He means thank you," John corrected him, repeating himself. "You really didn't have to do any of this Mrs. Hudson."
"I'll just get that then, shall I?" John tried and groaned as he got up on screaming legs. He took up Sherlock's discarded robe and pulled the ribbon tight before answering. Feeling the necessity to be decent when conversing with another human being, even over the phone.
"Yes, which seems to be pretty typical as of late." John sighed. "You can't expect me to not be angry when you do something like that, you know. It's a normal human reaction to a bloody goose in a place it doesn't belong. I'd ask you why it's in there in the first place, but I imagine that's the least of your focus right now."
"Why? Have I finally beat the genius detective at something?" The words were out of John's mouth before he could stop them. He looked up at Sherlock, not able to read his features as he'd pulled a blank mask down over his emotions, which John decided was not a good sign. "Sherlock. Shit. I'm sorry. I don't know." He suddenly felt a cold strike through his belly. "It's alright. You don't have to tell me. I don't really need to know about your sex life." He turned back to his book out of sheer guilt.
John gasped now to hear it. Tears threatening his eyes. His stomach pitched like a stone.
But instead John opened his eyes. HAVING to see and confirm that what he was feeling was really /truly/ happening. So he lifted his aching, unencumbered shoulder as far as he could to sweep the curling fringe back from Sherlock's forehead, squeezing his other hand gently to cause Sherlock to look up beneath dark brows as he felt the end coming.
"What the HELL do you think YOU'RE doing?!" John yelled back, forgetting his fake name at all. "You're not buying bloody drugs! I thought you were looking for ...whatever it was you were looking for!"
"The nurse, Janet, I think was her name, said that she'd found me there when the vent alarm'd gone off and that I'd pulled the ET halfway out of my throat which was...a bit not good. Basically, that meant she'd found me lying there trying to choke to death on my own secretions.
Lestrade agreed again, slightly surprised as Sherlock had not seen the CCTV video yet.
Because all of it was easier than saying straight out that Sherlock was positively gorgeous. Absolutely stunning. And definitely a creature of incomparable sex. Which when speaking of Sherlock's mental processes and abilities could keep John crooning on all day long, but finding the admonitions regarding Sherlock's physical appearance to be expressed audibly seemed to have met the limitations of John's British rectitude. "...All /that/. And you chose just some regular bloke to be with?"
John rolled his eyes. "I'm going to Tesco with Mrs. Hudson for the shopping before I have to go to work. Do you--" but there was already a piece of paper thrust into his face and a ferociously large grin behind it. John took it and gave it a cursory glance over, immediately disregarding the obviously impossible requests. "Sherlock. I'm pretty sure they don't sell hydrochloric acid at the supermarket."
Clearing his throat in an effort to clear the fantasies that were beginning to crowd his brain, John excused himself from his empty side of the plate and took to going about the room, hands tucked behind his back, looking over all the little items that he happened to miss on his first viewing with Sherlock's permission.
"So I rather suspect that a much more pressing concern for you right now is how you might possibly extend your life for as long as you can. Given your rather advanced age in league with this disease, I've calculated that you have approximately six more months to live..."
"It's extraordinary." John turned to him, the same adoration still blazing across his face. It put them close. Inches apart really.
"No, it's..." Sherlock pressed the heels of his hands into his eye sockets. "It's just not going to."
Arkham was too far away to walk. But Harry had left a torn up mobile her ex-wife had given to her as a present. He called the number Harry'd left on the note for town and offered the grocery stock boy a hundred quid to bring him booze.
CHAPTER TEN - The Adventures of the Man in Flames
"It was an initial reaction to bad timing and I didn't say I wanted to marry you." Sherlock huffed. "I said sex."
"Yes my Lord." John answered. Because John knew in his heart as much as in his head.
"Oh." John whispered back, slightly confused. "Sorry."
"How come you didn't go to Sarah's tonight?" Sherlock parried again. "Wouldn't you have been welcome?"
Standing only in his small braies, John's nipples tightened in a mix of arousal and worry. One hand tightening on his elbow while his other curled into a fist as his hip, his arm crossing over his torso as if to hide himself.
John, slowed by drink and sleeplessness, had pursed his lips. Standing where he was, he was precisely at eye level to Moran's sabatons, the long pointed silver spikes that tipped his armored feet and he had taken a long time to stare at them consideringly.
Sherlock's angry. Angry at John for shamelessly risking himself. Exposing himself to the monsters in the night that Sherlock had been trying to keep him from.
"Is it?" Sherlock pressed two fingertips from his other hand into the mess, looking down at his blood and rubbing it with his thumb. "Oh." He grimaced as John made him take the compression off. Trying to assess the damage.
"May you what?"
He went to give John a handshake at the same time Sherlock was shoving his jacket at him and pushing the door wide, obviously in a very large rush to leave.
"And I love you, John Watson."
Mopping away the clinging sweat from his belly and neck with his tunic, John set about unpacking the meal he had brought with him. A ploughman's lunch of rye loaf and sheep's milk cheese. Bread and cheese. Bread and cheese. The same he ate every day at noon. But he was glad for it. For it was far superior to his nightly supper of bland pottage.
John let out a flustered burst of laughter, which clenched his anus tightly, as if in a wink. Intriguing Sherlock even more. "No it's not! It's an arsehole. There's nothing interesting about that! Sherlock! Stop."
"Oh yeah?" A dark shadow seemed to flash over Miles' face at that, though he tried to keep his face spirited. He took a sip of his wine, then another, and couldn't hold back a question that he seemed to be debating over whether or not to ask. "Ever dealt with cancer?"
"That's where the Lorazepam comes in." Sherlock interjected, his gory hands squelching as he put his palms together. "I believe it was administered to shut down all extraneous brain functions to put the victims on a sort of auto-pilot, just enough to make them motile. It tricked their brains into forgetting about the fact that they were dying. The murderer only requires his victim's to remain alive long enough to gift them a suit, lead them to the intended location, and then dispatch them before they can talk."
"And if you would please hurry this time," the Queen Mother says, a little impatiently. "I find myself rather ravenous after so much waiting."
It took a moment to locate the time that Sherlock was talking about. But then he remembered, standing amid the crates and crates stacked in their flat while they cross referenced Van Coon's and Lucas' books for a connection between the two men. That peculiar wording he'd used, the night he'd chosen to go out with Sarah instead and found himself unable to leave Sherlock's orbit. If even for a little bit. "That's very considerate of you. I remember turning you down flat."
The Prince of Castle Appledore had rooms here? Like this? Behind what might as well be a dungeon door?
"But then Sherlock, I dunno, must've been ten or eleven at the time, somehow got wind of it all and started calling Gregson, badgering him about it. You know how bolshie he can get, but just imagine him smaller, being like that. All worked up with his weird theories.
John reveled in the vibrations Sherlock's voice made in his chest, simultaneously amazed and drifting. "Shoot."
More pressingly, John's mind caught on the fact that William was presenting himself as John's squire. Something they had not previously discussed at all. Though he supposed it made the most sense, given the circumstances, a nobleman serving as an attendant to a knight, for why else would he be here?
Both of them fell into silence as they watched the two figures walk away.
Sherlock took a crab-like side step over to give John enough room to inspect the head, but kept close should he need assistance.
Both men smiled together, about to seal their promises with a kiss when John, standing up on the balls of his feet, hesitated.
He threw another. Closer. And the bird came closer.
Sherlock's eyes are on John's lips now, which John decides is better progress than on the ground. "It's good." John says truthfully, licking his lips purely for the sight of those verdigris eyes following his tongue. "Y'know, I think I prefer my tea when it's not trying to rot my teeth out of my skull." John tries for levity, but sees it fail when Sherlock's face shutters through a myriad of emotions before finally settling on resigned.
He also took up two round tumblers and brought them to the kitchen sink to rinse the dust away, continuing on his own improvised ceremony. Sherlock took the two fingers with an obliging nod, allowing John his process without comment.
"John?" Sherlock's voice was low, barely more than a rumble.
The last one snagged on something in his memory. "Soo Lin Yao...who she?" The date beside her was written '(August 7th, 2010)'. That was incredibly recent.
Sherlock was hanging out the gaping maw of the window like a psychotic buccaneer, indifferent to the billowing smoke of his breath. "If you truly wanted to make yourself useful John Watson. You'd bring me back a good old fashioned murder!"
She'd had the gall to bring it to him with a handful of resigned peonies. "John love. There's something important we need to talk about. I meant to tell you sooner...I thought you'd be gone longer...
He is curiously lacking a dog.
But then he turned it over in an effort to remember the dead.
His right hand raked his bow hither and yon, in a dichotomous play of deep bariolage that bent into high, piercing keens.
"Although, on the bright side, I think some did manage to land in Anderson's shoe." Lestrade quipped, and elbowed Molly companionably.
"Yes." Sherlock answered, steeling his voice. "And as acting King of Appledore, High Steward, that should be your belief as well."
The crush before him erupted into murmuring, a couple having the audacity to clap and John glanced at Sherlock, who had had no reaction at all.
Smirking, John finished the last of his rye bread and took a final pull from his bottell to wash it down. Then, feeling indulgent, went over to the little red calf and lay down upon her ribs. Her only disturbance being that of a fly that she shook from her ear.
"They're looking for and providing highly specified criteria for the murders; are already acquainted, or at least visually familiar with the victims, and have a general mode of operandi with which to off them. But why? There's something I'm not seeing. Why are these men being killed with such specificity?"
Sherlock could hear no more. "If happiness were truly your endeavor for me; you would have yourself imprisoned in the High Stock you have built upon the balustrade. Once my brother returns--"
"So then why is he taking their teeth?" Molly asked, trying to dissipate the tenseness in the room.
A scream rends the air and there's a mad blur darting across the dining room. The Union Jack neck man is upon Sherlock before he's even able to put up any sort of defense. Mad fingers are tearing at his coat. Teeth snapping at any available surface. He's absolutely livid and looks ready to tear Sherlock down to his bones with his rage.
John lifts his hands in a token effort of fighting back, but is easily subdued. His hands are pressed back onto the table and the gravity from that alone keeps them there. Somewhere deep inside he's screaming at himself. But his outer body will not move. The lorazepam is overwhelming.
He reached inside and pulled it out.
As subtle as it was, the tightness in Sherlock's musculature was instantly noticeable, only enhanced by the skin tight wrap of his clothes as his whole posture changed into whipcord. Instead of simply watching the door, he was now staring pointedly at it, as if he could melt it down with his gaze alone and take apart whatever it was that he'd just seen.
There was life in his bones again. And he used himself wisely to wield it.
alright guys, there is SOOOOO MUCH going on in this chapter and there was a slight moment of panic when my children deleted it from my Kindle as i was just about done writing it. but i found it on backup and it's all okay. anyway, I hope you're ready for this. take a pee break now cause it ain't stopping to wait for you. brace yourself for disgustingly graphic descriptions of corpses, more emotionally temultuous sex, a slight bending of London bridge locales, and two friends being horrible because that's how they show their love.
Bill Murray is the character is credited with saving John Watson's life in Sir ACD's orginal canon.
Groaning, John slid his legs out of bed and sat up. His face immediately going into his hands as his stomach gave an uneasy squeeze. He did not rouse again until William swung a goblet of wine under his nose and pressed a half loaf of bread and some sliced meats into his hands.
Sherlock bent lower, snaking a long and sinewed arm around the back of John's shoulder, allowing John's hands to curl softly around his biceps. Long white fingers starfished against the stiff column of John's cervical vertebrae, tipped twenty degrees back for access.
John smiled and nodded. "I will."
The sun itself had yet to bloom over the far horizon, but the sky before it was haloed with a gentle purple dawn just bright enough to light the way.
"I can also understand the drawbacks to such situations now that you're back here, as well. I imagine full nudity for you is a rather vulnerable thing to share with another person, especially a stranger. You've taken great care in keeping yourself fully dressed from neck to wrist to ankle even in MY presence and I've lived with you now for approximately three months.
A trickle of nervous sweat beaded down the back of John's neck and disappeared into his gorget despite the cool morning as he kept a watchful eye on all the closed doors and windows as they passed out of Umberland Village.
He sat for a long while, his eyes wide, his mouth agape as he tried to make sense of what was being asked of him. "I don't understand." John said finally, licking his lips. "Wo--would you read it again please?"
Humiliation was a bitter pill to swallow.
"At thirty-six, it would be egregiously premature for you to consider yourself old as you've not yet even reached middle age. By my approximation, you've still a good forty years of mobility left. Your previous and current lifestyle have kept you physically fit, so you're unlikely to fall ill. Injured, perhaps, but that's nothing more than problematic. We can certainly deal with that when it happens. Helps that you're a doctor, surely. But that's not truly your reason for hesitation, is it?
He looked down into his scotch. "To make matters worse - and though I still consider them to be wholly pertinent deductions, if perhaps, mistimed - my discoveries resulted in a previously unknown heart condition that had been  manifesting itself in Victor Senior for some time to induce a stroke, which was followed promptly by his death. The black mailer fled soon after and in short, it became the end of Victor and my ...relationship. His father's funeral was to be our final meeting."
"I did indeed." A mischievous grin peeled its way across his face as Sherlock sucked the grease off long, thin fingers one by tantalizing one. John had to swallow down the baying voice inside him that wanted to offer to take care of that for him. And not with a napkin.
"With little choice but to go into battle, he left the castle to me. But I made a grievous error in judgement that day, John. In a fit of insolence I refused my brother and what I thought - at the time - to be my most triumphant moment instead turned into my darkest hour.
"Hm 'chatting', yes." Sherlock scowled at his phone. "Enlighten me, as it's not my area John; do all idle talks with heterosexual strangers result in door prizes? You obviously maintained being intriguing enough to acquire some sort of hideous dreck from him, given the /casualness/ of your conversation. Par for the course?"
John felt the telltale heat creep into his ears, deciding it was best to get it all settled quickly. He settled his chin onto his fingers, his index propped calmly against his cheekbone. His thumb on his lip. Eschewing nervousness. "Right then. So...were you a ...top?"
The hot and cold of his emotions did not entreat John. "Uh huh. And why am I feeding /baby food/ to a goose? Am I encouraging it to shit even more all over my room? Got some experiment on involving goose droppings that I haven't learned about yet?" His tone veered into sarcasm.
The problem with this time, was that it had the chance of being REAL.
"I think I'm ready to hear more about this." His clinician's eye looked over the dressing, which had begun to be stained pink with blood. "Why someone was wielding an axe at your head. You said it was a poker game." He gave the side of Sherlock's neck a distracting squeeze as he peeled back the bandage. "What were you doing to piss 'em off so much? Counting cards?"
John ate his breakfast slowly, deliberately, ready to snap at any indication of being rushed. But Sherlock sat silently and occupied himself with counting the number of bites John took before swallowing and the approximate volume of coffee necessary in each sip to wet his palate. John ignored him completely, like he was a ghost, scowling at the wall the whole time. And Sherlock's ear twinged something awful.
"Aha." Sherlock's thumb flashed through his lock like lightning, revealing the screen. "AHA!"
He was swanning off towards the bar, giving his hips the slightest of damnable sways in either an effort of character or simply to raise John's hackles. Whichever, John thought it a bit more flamboyant than truly necessary, even if it did make his pert arse look fantastic in those trousers.
Four times and finally Sherlock untangled himself from John's arms and rose on wobbly legs without a word. John watched as he took a moment to keep his feet, long enough for John to track a glossy trail of his own semen pearl down the pale stretch of Sherlock's inner thigh to the dip behind his knee. Long enough to begin to feel the first edges of regret curl inside him at what had just happened between them. The man claimed to be asexual...and yet...
John accepted them with embarrassment, realizing they came from when he'd disarmed Sherlock in an effort to keep the walls intact. "Oh...um, thanks. Sorry about that."
When Sherlock next spoke, it was a rumble beneath John's face. "All things considered. I enjoy facilitating your pleasure, John. Last night was...uniquely gratifying. I've never before been allowed to take control in that way." His long hands stroked down John's back, pausing possessively over his buttocks, and swept back up. A light kiss was pressed to the crown of his head.  "And I do not want you to curtail your desires simply because I am not physically aroused. I will do...I /wish/ to do whatever it is you require of me. Anytime you'd prefer."
During his final hour, Sherlock turns to John. His lips pulled in. A great sadness coming over his brutalized face. "I must apologize to you John. For the confession I am about to make," he takes a deep breath, "but i'm afraid you've been poisoned.
There was the sound of a thousand cut hairs and the heavy thunk of the knife hitting solid surface, the blade drug back and pressed through again. Then the unmistakable fall and wobble of two brain hemispheres rocking on the tabletop.
His back stretched up until his visage loomed. His angles becoming sharp and foreboding. He took on a humour that was as icy and unwelcoming as the High Steward bore always.
"Absolutely." John smiled and left, tapping the book on the bar top. "Thanks again and congratulations. Of course."
"Sort of, I mean. When you put it like that." John said lamely as if it should have made sense all along. He laid down his hackles at the madman's onlslaught, relenting to the fact that he should just assume Sherlock was right and let the point go.
It was really more of a precarious and dizzying sixty foot drop down to a waterlogged death should he ever lose his balance. The driftwood stairs had been set into the cliffside many years ago twisted with such inconsistency that the placement of each looked more like stitches holding the cliffside together than an actual path of travel. But it was access at least by definition.
Sherlock smoothed down the lines of his trousers. "Not important. The question you should be asking is why I had them made in the first place." He answered for the good doctor without waiting. "Security purposes, John. If you're going to insist on sticking around, you should at least have your own fake ID to assist me."
"There are rumours that it can consume a whole tree in a matter of minutes," the High Steward continued on unprompted. "And that it is able to burn through an entire acre in one night to keep these chambers warm in the dead of winter."
Mycroft Holmes was sitting stiffly in a glorious three piece suit, his tie pin shining in the track lighting all along the car's posh interior. John felt the car silently amble back onto the road and reached for the door handle, causing Mycroft to hold up a manicured hand and smile the smile of a government kingpin. "Nothing untoward, I assure you. I'd simply just like to go for a drive and have a little chat along the way. I'll bring you back before Sherlock returns."
"It would be ill-advised to consider the testimony of a driver who's sole focus was the end of her shift, as was evidenced by her speeding. It's clear she never saw anything. I, for one, prefer to rely on something a bit more substantial, like the FACTS. He was pushed." Insisted Sherlock.
John pushed at his bottom lip with his tongue unconsciously, marvelling at the naivety of his friend. "I can't just phone back and expect her to accept my taking time off 'cause I'm racing 'round London after a serial bomber, Sherlock. Besides, I don't think she's still gotten over the whole kidnapping thing by the Black Lotus. Our lives might be a bit much for her."
"John." Sherlock leaned forward like a pointer catching a scent, his eyes narrowed, his body taut. His voice was nothing more than an intense whisper. If it hadn't been for John's quick snatch, his coffee wouldn't have made it onto the side table. John set his down too. Just to be safe.
"Oh.../oh!/ Right." And his understanding, yet completely ignorant smile was the end to the awkwardness, to which John was grateful.
John hesitated to follow, still eyeing the suspicious discs. He could hear Sherlock mumbling words that weren't loud enough for John to distinguish. "Ready for what?" He asked numbly but Sherlock was already turning the volume on the telly up.
"Ah." John had the sudden thought as to what David Attenborough might have said in an effort to describe their courting ritual.
"But you were." Sherlock stated.
"As punishment for your perversity in participating in unnatural relations with a member of the Royal guard and for your continued perjury while in custody, you are to endure to your person a fair and just punishment as declared by the people."
But the guard simply raised his arm and waved at him.
"Is that from Sally? That was quick."
But talk of his brother's army stirred Sherlock's blood anew.
"He would. That would suit him very well." Sherlock said for him and didn't break character even when John shot him a very concerned look. "That's why we chose you specifically for this, in fact."
John watched as brother Michael disappeared inside the gate of St. Bartholomew's, hoping that this would not be the last time he saw the monk. With his tonsure glowing in the midday sun.
"So naturally, you got in." John finished mockingly.
"Hey!" John sprang up from the bed when he finally did notice with a surprising bout of energy, descending upon Sherlock in two steps. But Sherlock was quicker and held the book up at full arm's reach, well out of John's grasp. Safe again, he continued to flip through blank pages until he found a column of careful writing towards the back.
