Much like Dean's chess skills, when it comes to Cas knowing where things are in the Winchester's kitchen, he has no clue what he's doing. It takes him all of two minutes before whispering frantically to Dean about where he can find whatever he needs.
"Dean? Cas? You guys alright?" Sam calls from out in the kitchen. Dean huffs like he's been interrupted.
Today, as it’s turning out, means being in Dean’s boiling car with a staticky radio and Sam complaining every chance he gets, all while Dean says little more than two words and looks in his rearview much more than is strictly necessary.
”Yes, I am--” Cas is interrupted by Dean shoving a forkful directly into his open mouth. Cas freezes. His lips close around the fork slowly. Dean feels the fork steady as Cas swallows.
After Ash had broken the table, and Castiel was wheezing laughter, Jo had brought him a box of tissues and Sam had grabbed his inhaler. Dean had suggested next time, perhaps Cas not be the iceburg. Too emotional. He’d try to save everyone on the ship instead of sinking it. That brought another round of laughter and Cas gifting Dean a very fond kiss.
Dean isn’t sure how long he sits there studying Cas, but before he knows it, Sam is setting a very large bowl of macaroni down in front of him. The gooey cheese on top is shining; Dean can nearly see his reflection in it. He digs in, and almost immediately spits it back out.
He makes a mental note to give their uncle Bobby a call when he gets the chance. And to stop at the flower shop before the cemetery.
“Hey, Miss Novak,” Dean says. Stepping into the foyer is surreal. He expects himself to be angry, his throat to constrict and burn, the way it did at Bobby’s house. Wanting to smash everything in his sight. But he doesn’t. Instead, his footsteps echo down the hall. The door to the TV room is ajar, but it’s drowned in shadow and uninviting. The hallway to the kitchen looms above him. The walls go up forever. Dean swallows, his chest tight but not in anger.
"I," Castiel starts, his chest feeling tight, "I do not think that is the best idea." Dean steps up beside him, looking from Castiel to his Sam and back.
"For the last time, it's Sam." There's more heat in his voice than Dean expects. He lets off the gas enough to pull over.
“So, uh, what are you working on?” Dean asks, glancing at all the papers on the table. It reminds him of Sam studying. He looks up: Cas' eyes are glued to him, once again. God, does that give him the creeps.
"Shit!" Sam echoes, darting off to a back room. Castiel coughs harder the more smoke fills the room. Vaguely, he registers Dean trying to put the fire out with his jacket. Castiel's throat is a pinhole. He darts out the front door.
The fountain, as always, stands in the middle of the garden, water burbling smoothly. He takes a seat on the stone edge, watching the waves lap against the inside. Leaves swirl around in the water, making ripple patterns that expand until they sink. A small gust of wind rustles the tops of the trees. There's a bird or two chattering in the distance. Castiel inhales; it smells vaguely like Christmas pine, but mostly the cold prickles his nose. Flowers that were blooming not a week ago have already begun to brown. The evergreens along the far wall are the main source of color left, at least until spring rolls around.
Sit your ass down.” He does. “And put these on.” Dean tosses the sunglasses to him, which he almost catches. Dean eyes him carefully as he puts them on. John lies back down once they're comfortably adjusted on his face. “Now just--” Dean sighs, “Just try to sleep it off, alright?” He doesn't catch John's reply.
When he steps back into his room, Castiel takes his poem off the desk and carefully tucks it into his coat pocket. Down in the kitchen, his mother sits alone at the table, sipping a cup of coffee. She's got some papers in a stack in front of her. She doesn't look up when Castiel grabs a banana off of the fruit stand, only swallows her coffee and tells him to bring an umbrella. Castiel thanks her and heads out the back door.
And fuck, he's right back where he started. Did he need to call Bobby now more than ever. He looked around, from the back of Jo's head, to one of the teachers, to a black-haired boy sitting at the front of the class. Everyone else listening attentively to something he knew he should care about. A moment later, though, he feels his phone vibrating on his leg. His heart short-circuits for a moment before he realizes it was only a text, and neither his dad nor Bobby are technologically efficient enough to know how to do that. He steals a glance at his phone, blinking when he sees that he has a new message from Jo.
Emergency. Dean looks at Jo the same time she looks at him. Castiel. Jo shakes her head. Dean swears under his breath. Ash shakes his head.
Sam's room is always ten times cleaner than Dean's, with books stacked neatly in the corners, and everything on his desk set up in rows. Sam himself is sitting cross-legged on his bed, a library book splayed out on his lap. His hands are shaking. He dog-ears his page and closes it when Dean strides in. Dean leans on the wall, running his fingers through his hair. Not for the first time, he doesn't know what to say.
“Hey, Adra,” Dean asks, swallowing his pasta. He puts his fork down and spins his ring. Adra looks at him, “I was wondering about your tattoo.” Dean gestures to the curling script around Adra’s wrist. She has a dark green bracelet on, covering some of it up. Rosary beads. Adra slides the beads down closer to the cuff of her shirt.
"Oh," Sam's cheeks burn. He totally forgot! "Uh, yeah, let me check." Coffee still in hand, Sam hops back to his room and scrambles around for his phone. He's got a text from Jess, his heart flutters as he reads it.
“Well, it would seem I have to go change,” She tells him, smiling. She is shaking a little, perhaps from the sudden cold at their loss of contact. He smiles at her, though it’s crooked. She heaves a relieved sort of sigh, and looks at the clock over the stove. “I have work tonight. Business from Japan.” She looks from him to his phone, which is lighting up with a text. “I’m leaving soon, I’ll be back in the morning.”
"I could be persuaded otherwise." Castiel says finally, still looking at his feet. When he looks up, Sam's smile shines like all the lights strung up around the trailer. it's that smile that convinces Castiel to be in a dozen more photos while they unpack. At some point, Sam switches his camera over to video mode and balances it on the back of the couch.
“Cas,” Dean croaks. He reaches a purpling hand up to Cas’ chest, between the buttons of his shirt. “Please.”
. He feels it run like electricity up from his ankle where Cas is touching him, straight to his spine and back down. Dean puts his hand over Cas’.
“Mm. Sorry, dude, I have a big, uh, fuckin’ bruise there,” Dean says. Cas withdraws his hand. He remembers the slam when Dean hit the wall, the loud, breathy noise Dean wasn’t aware he had made. Cas blinks rapidly a few times. “I am sorry,” he says. Dean answers with a peck on the lips.
“I'm fine, Sammy,” Dean snaps, sliding his hands against the wheel, feeling the worn leather ignite his senses. The car, not unlike the air outside it, is frigid. Sam dials up on the heat, and they both smile at the familiar rattling in the heater; when Dean was little, he wound up shoving some Legos up the front, and they never managed to get them out.
"Of course," Cas nods, moving his rook out a couple spaces. Sam pushes his glasses up his nose, and takes his eyes off the game board for a second to check the time: nearly midnight.
Instead of the projector, in the front of the room is a green chalkboard with a list of two names in each row. Project partners, evidently. Castiel finds his name near the bottom: Castiel Novak and... Dean Winchester.
”Excellent job, there.” He says; his voice is deep. Taking his hand, Dean helps him back up. The elf’s hands are warm. Sir Dean forgets himself. “Good work.” The elf takes a sweeping bow and leads himself out to the infirmary tent.
"Yes." Castiel nods. Dean hesitates before he turns away, as if there's something more he meant to say. "Is there something else, Dean?"
“Uh, dude, you know it's a Monday, right?” Ask asks, quirking his eyebrow expertly. "Don't we usually do that kinda thing on Friday?" Jo gives him a look, so he shrugs it off. "Fine, whatever, backwards-ass kids these days. But Jo still has my copy of Dracula."
Dean takes a seat beside Sammy, who's already busy working on some assignment or another. There are a few crumpled worksheets in Dean's bag that he guesses he should work on, so he takes them out and smooths them against the table. It turns out one of them is the assignment sheet for
“Well don’t you know how to make a man feel special.” It comes out very sarcastic, but Dean has turned very pink.
Dean, on the other hand, chokes and spit, barely finishing his glass before retching over the sink. He slams his shot glass back down on the counter, white-knuckled and shaking.
“Dean, Jo, you’re needed at the front office. Bring your bags,” She announces. A few of their classmates ooh. Dean wants to hit them. He doesn’t. He makes eye contact with Jo. In no time flat, they’re out the door and running down the hall.
Dean is going to burn a hole in the damn carpet. He knows it, and he knows the look Sam is giving him over the top of his glasses. But he can’t stop. He shuffles to the door, wishing he could see through the wood so he’d know exactly when Cas pulls up. Then he kicks himself because that’s a stupid thought, he’s being stupid, this is stupid.
He gets neither, standing up and walking over to the kitchen, his inhaler bumping against his leg. Sam is hanging tiny Christmas trees on the drawer handles.
"Hey Sammy," Dean's voice is particularly snivelly, cutting through Sam's happy fog with an irksome tingle down his spine. Sam half-turns to his brother to tell him to buzz off. But Dean is smiling like he knows something, a particularly prime secret. Dean points to a spot just above Sam's head. Sam looks up over the top of his glasses: a spidery green plant with white baubles is hanging from the ceiling, stuck on with an inordinate amount of masking tape.
Luckily, it's only a handful of minutes after Dean leaves that another car pulls up and Sam's friend, Kevin Tran, steps out. Kevin's only jacket is a thin, red hoodie. They wave to each other, Sam patting the step beside him.
John doesn't reply. He merely brushes past Bobby and slams himself down at the head of the table. Dean follows him silently.
John doesn’t say anything else before leaving. Dean digs into his food again after a long beat of silence.
”Oh, dude, I totally forgot to ask, how did your appointment go?” Dean asks, kicking himself for not remembering sooner.
Luke moves on, giving Sam a once-over before shaking his hand. Dean presses close to his little brother once Luke wanders off.
“Yeah,” she grits out, her voice high. She squeezes little moons into her palms, “Thanks for coming.” Castiel smiles at her, his eyes so, so blue and shining. Jo collapses, her shoulders shaking. Ash comes up behind her and squeezes her shoulders. She stays for a moment, looking at the monitors and the TV and everywhere but Castiel, and then Ash leads her into the background.
”Hell yeah,” Dean says, flopping down on the bed next to Cas. “I can’t wait to see Charlie, haven’t seen her since…” He does the math, “Fuck, last June or so.” Cas shifts his position, his hand resting on Dean’s ankle. Dean sits up and scoots closer. Cas’ hand doesn’t move.
"Want some help?" Dean offers. Bobby nods and mutters something gruff in reply. Dean claps his hands. "Alright, everyone out of the kitchen. Gotta let the man work his magic!" Jess files out first, followed by Sam and the Harvelle's. Rummy pads after Jo with a whine. Dean glances at Bobby, running in his head exactly what he's going to say when he gets back, before following everyone to the table.
-ean,” Sam whines, and Dean turns his attention back on his brother. “Jess wants me to watch it and I don’t wanna do it alone.” He flips his hair out of his eyes. Damn, is the kid’s hair getting long. Dean’s gonna need to take some scissors to it soon.
Sam and Cas sit at opposite sides of the table, a cheap wooden chess set between them. Dean is at the head, hands folded in front of him, watching intently.
The moment Castiel kicks the front door shut, he hears the radio blaring from the car as it drives away. He leaves his shoes by the front door, next to a pair of shiny black heels.
”I do admit,” Castiel squirms a little, “That is is much more enjoyable with you here.” Cas shifts around to get more comfortable, moving his hips
”Jesus,” Dean says, scrubbing his face with his palm. He turns the envelope over in his hands again; he’s glad it’s heavy, otherwise he wouldn’t believe it’s real.
"Uh, Cas?" Dean asks, eyes not leaving Cas' chest. Cas hopes his flush isn't too visible. "I didn't know you had a tattoo." Dean points. He gets up off the bed, standing in front of Cas.
Sam skips school on Friday. Dean doesn’t get out of bed to take him, but Sam would’ve stayed home anyway. He gets a call from Jess during lunch, and she puts him on speakerphone so Brady and Kevin and Jake can hear. He had told them what happened last night, although they had guessed when John of all people had picked him up from school. Jess had already been to the counseling office that morning.
"Hey, kiddo," Dean says, forcing a smile. Sam just glares at the glove compartment. Dean's heart feels too tight in his chest. He doesn't let off the gas pedal.
He keeps leaning back, trying to find a break between the trees and the sky, before he nearly topples backwards into the fountain. He freezes, gripping the cold stone as tight as he gripped the windowsill.
The wardrobe door is still open. Castiel goes over and shuts it. Opens it. Pulls out a crisp, white shirt. Puts it back. Pulls out a different shirt, a blue one. Puts it back and pulls the white shirt out again. He stares at the shirt close enough to count the individual threads. Sighs. The wardrobe closes with a click when Castiel finally shuts it. The tug in Castiel's gut grows stronger.
Cas thinks for a moment. His thoughts go down to the photographs spread out of the floor. There was a story that Anna told him once, about angels in heaven. He tells this to Dean.
A couple of thoughts about this chapter. First, Castiel's conversation with his mother was one of those things that just came out as I was writing the chapter. I had originally fucked up and started writing this chapter from Dean's point of view, so I had to scrap it and start over. Hence, Castiel has a Sad Cry Talk with his mother.
Dean winces. “We’ll see.” He means it. “Oh! I gotta text Sam and Cas, let ‘em know I got here in one piece.” Charlie unlatches herself from Dean.
”Dean, I... “ Cas starts again, leaning his head back onto Dean’s shoulder. “I am not good at being subtle. I have never seen the point to it, to be honest with you.”
Everything is burning hot and Cas’ blood is freezing cold in his mouth. His throat burns, retching mouthfuls into the toilet. The floor of the stall smells like moldy burgers and shit. Castiel’s eyes never turn puffy or red when he cries. He shakes against the toilet bowl, sweating and swearing.
”God, no, it’s just…” Dean sighs, loosening up his defensive shoulders. “It’s just a dumb movie, Cas. I don’t wanna watch it.”
"Good morning, Sam," Cas whispers, his voice rough with lack of sleep. Sam startles, jumping and turning to face Castiel.
He wanders out into the kitchen, where it’s as quiet as a tomb. John hasn’t been around since they got back last night, although Sam vaguely remembers him pulling a red shirt out of the drier, so he’s probably at work for once in his life. It’s a miracle he hasn’t been fired. Sam sighs, blowing hair out of his eyes. His stomach hurts. He hasn’t eaten since they scarfed down something from the hospital cafe after, well, after it happened. At least his salad had been green; Dean’s burger was mushy and Ash’s shake had tasted like spoiled milk. None of them had really had an appetite, anyway.
"You know Cas, yeah? You... Remember him from church?" Dean stammers out. The taste of broth on his tongue makes him want to gag. Bobby gives him a hard look.
The back door closes with a shick. In the distance, spring peepers sing. Insects buzz around. The sunlight lengthens the shadows so the spout of the fountain is the big hand of a clock, pointing to the side of the house. A bird rustles in a tree.
Dean comes back up on two feet. They keep dancing. In the background, Edward kisses a spot on Bella’s neck and talks about
His hands are shaking so bad that it takes him three tries to get his shirt on over his head. The shirt is dark purple, with a skinny greyhound across the chest; A lousy Christmas present from his dad last year. The clock on the wall behind him seems to tick slower the harder he listens. He shifts from foot to foot. Runs a hand through his hair. He scans around the room, bouncing on the balls of his feet.
“Ellen called me,” John explains, gruff. Dean stares. John still doesn’t look at him. Dean swallows.
Dean gets up. His heart drums in his chest and ears. The stairs have never seemed so tall. He goes up, passing the bathroom and Adra’s room, to the dark end of the hallway where the ladder leans against the wall. His hands don’t shake as he pulls the ladder over to the trapdoor. He’s encased in darkness, pushing the trapdoor up and scraping it over the floor. All those weeks ago, after their fight, Dean’s heart was thudding for a much different reason.
Dean thinks. It reminds him of a few summers ago, when they were up in New England and Sam would drag him into this little used book store every day, sometimes just to smell the pages. Dean called him a freak more than once.
"I should call Bobby," Dean comments, moving his hand off of Sam's shoulder to dig his phone out. He doesn't bother to pause the movie. "Gotta find out what Dad's doing about this storm."
Something about that must have struck both of them, because the conversation picks up quickly from there. Castiel talks about a lot of things Dean doesn't understand, like what the hell a 'gerund' is. He asks Cas a lot of questions, though.
. His mouth flies open in a wordless cough, shoving past Dean to gag into the sink. He feels that same darkness pounding, waiting, right behind his eyes.
”I didn’t-- I mean, I had no clue that…” Dean stumbles through an apology. He leans forward, wavering, like there is still something else. Castiel smiles, raising a shaky hand to quiet his friend, and whatever other thoughts he may be having. Cas feels the anger melt out of him. When he lowers his hand, it lands over Dean’s. “I’m really bad at this.”
As far as Sam can tell, the church ceremony itself it pretty standard. He doesn’t know any words to the songs, but by the looks of it, Castiel doesn’t either. Sam notices a couple of times when Cas pulls his phone out of his pocket to send a quick text or two.
he wonders, crawling back under the covers to find some semblance of warmth. It feels like a century before he can move again, forcing himself to sit up in the bed. The only way Sam knows his feet hit the floor is because he watches them. There's a disconnect between his eyes and his feet when he puts on his fuzzy socks. He fumbles with the door handle, his fingers stiff.
Queen Charlie keeps her box of armor up in her closet. With some maneuvering, and more than a little swearing, Sir Dean manages to get it down without breaking anything. He gets his own armor out of the duffel bag he brought before helping Queen Charlie into hers. Her tunic has the Moondoor crest sewn over the breast pocket, and Sir Dean helps her put on a belt that he knows she doesn’t just use for holding her daggers. Her magic pouches are tucked away in the bag hanging by her hip. She’s nearly ready for battle, and soon so will be Sir Dean.
"I--" Dean stops. "I was just out for a drive." He takes a look down the street; they're a good mile away from the Novak's house. "Why aren't you with your mom? I figure she'd be all about spendin' time with her 'little angel'." Cas tenses.
“I got a ride home,” he answers bluntly, tucking his coattails under him as he sits. His mother tells him that she's heading to work once she finishes making her dinner. “You have the night shift?”
The video loads by the time Cas returns. The camera shakes for a second before steading and zooming in slowly. Dean is somewhere across the room from Sam. Both figures on the couch laugh, Sam throwing his head back and Jess leaning into his shoulder, shrouding her face in hair. When Sam looks back down, his eyes land directly on the camera. Cas hears Sam curse a couple times, then the screen shakes and the video shuts off.
Dean tosses the used condom out the window as he leaves the neighborhood. Some stray dog goes up and sniffs it, before whining and lifting his leg.
pulsing through Dean as he smiles at Castiel. More than just arousal, something light, and easy. He doesn’t have a word for it, yet.
Cas only looks away when Sam stands up, wearing what can only be described as a horridly ugly sweater: there are a half a dozen reindeer prancing around on the torso, above a stitched
”Okay, fandom?” Charlie asks, popping the lid off the Tupperware. Dean turns the laptop on and feels it vibrate against his thigh. They have to be careful not to elbow each other, sitting so close together on the bed. Leia is on the floor below them, whining.
"That's great, man. How're you feelin'? I talked to your mom a bit on Monday and she said you were doing alright but, you know, I wanted to, you know," Dean stops to sigh, and Castiel can almost see him rubbing his face with his hands. "Anyway, how are you? Wait, I said that already." Castiel smiles.
Castiel wonders if English is Ash's first language, because honestly, half the words that come out of his mouth sound foreign. Even to someone who knows a dozen or more languages fluently, he doesn't get what on Earth Ash is trying to say. The boy in question, sporting a rather distasteful mullet, is prattling off about a nature documentary he saw recently on moose. Dean and his friend Jo are paying rapt attention. Castiel, on the other hand, wonders how they keep up. The blonde girl, Jo, keeps looking over at him and smiling, as if to ask if he understands. Castiel tries not to look as lost as he actually is.
Dean looks down at the table: half the cake remains uneaten, and some of the bills are falling out of the envelope. He looks over to Cas, who’s sitting with his hands in his lap, like he’s waiting for something. Dean nudges him, cocking his head towards his bedroom. Cas scoops up the journal and the CDs and follows Dean.
Once everyone’s back in their seats, Pastor Jim says a few words, thanking everyone for coming. The churchgoers take a few minutes to collect their belongings and bow to the altar before heading out the door. Pastor Jim waits outside in the cold to shake everyone’s hand as they go past.
Castiel has to get up and spit into the sink several times throughout breakfast. Eventually, he excuses himself to the bathroom. The bathroom sink and mirror are both tall and square; they're dirtier than the ones in Castiel's home, but he isn't looking very hard at himself, anyway. The flourescent light is harsh and yellow compared to the sharp sunlight. He clears his throat and coughs, spitting as much mucus as he can into the sink. His lungs rumble and a lot of the debris gets shaken loose.
“Hello, Dean, Jo,” Castiel coughs, “Ash,” Dean can’t move. His feet have been cemented to the floor. He thought he’d gotten used to the sight of Castiel in the hospital bed, his body disappearing into the scratchy sheets and the paper gown. But now, Dean thinks with a lump rising in his throat, Castiel looks so, so tired. “I feel remarkably human,” Castiel half-chuckles, half-coughs.
There’s a space up front in the room for Castiel’s family to stand. Dean mills awkwardly between Adra and one of the tissue tables, until Adra gives him a pointed look so like Castiel that Dean pulls up to her side and stays there. Sam follows him, and only then does he put his glasses back on. Jo and Ash pay their respects to the casket one-by-one, then make their way over to the rest of them. Jo sniffles when she shakes Adra’s hand.
Castiel’s room is cool, the gentle evening air wafting in through a cracked window, blowing back the curtains. Dean runs his hands along the windowsill. He remembers watching the fireflies with Castiel. Wanting to kiss him for the first time. There’s a dent in the wall where Dean made impact, where the bruise bloomed. He can still feel the impact, the splinters stinging his spine. Soon, Dean’s tattoo will cover the echo. On the floor is Castiel’s Catacombs, photos sifted through but ultimately left in the box. Right in front, as if genuflecting the memories, is Castiel’s name. Dean runs his finger along the ridges. Castiel was here. Dean bites his lip. That’s not what he’s looking for. He knows that much.
A car drives by, lighting up the street in front of the house for a lingering moment. Then it fades, and they are left in darkness. Another cool wind wafts by.  Sam shivers. He looks up meekly at Castiel.
“I just…” He shouldn’t do this. “God should love his people, yeah, but he doesn’t. That’s the age-old riddle, innit? He’s so powerful and loving, but kids still get cancer. Cops shoot innocent people. You know, Voltaire has this whole essay on like, if God knows and he just doesn’t care, then we can’t call him benevolent, can we?” Shut up, Winchester, keep your God damned mouth shut. “He’s just some omnipotent asshole. I really don’t think the moral is that God
"Cas." Sam stammers out. He squeezes his eyes shut before he can talk again. The world feels like it's been tilted on a very precarious axis. "How, uh, how long do you have?" Sam asks, turning his attention back on Castiel. His heart is trying to squeeze it's way out of his throat. He racks his brains for everything he knows on the illness: not a lot comes up.
He tosses his backpack down on the couch and hits the lights. Sam files in behind him, setting his bags down on the table. He goes over to the cabinet and digs a can of tuna from the back, sniffing it before setting it on the floor. The cat chows on it and gives Sam a thankful mew. Dean sneezes again.
“I’m so sorry,” Castiel says again. Dean whispers something into Castiel’s shoulder. “Hm?” Cas asks.
“Let’s go for a walk, Dean,” Cas says. He coughs. Dean swallows. Cas has a knuckle-white grip on the railing. Dean sticks out his bare arm and Cas closes his skeletal fingers around it. Cas’ hand is cold.
Adra stands by the mantle, talking with a very pregnant woman who gestures to the photos. Adra, her fingers pressed to her mouth, makes eye contact with Dean and he goes over, mini sandwich uneaten in his hand. Adra introduces Dean to the woman, although her name slips out Dean’s brain as soon as Adra says it. Whatever. Dean swallows. The woman shakes his hand with both of hers, her eyes shining and brown. A beaded bracelet clinks on her wrist, the beads strung in rainbow order.
Dean ruffles Sam's floppy hair and tells him they'll be staying a while. Sam's smile only widens when he spots Castiel across the room, waving excitedly. Dean's look of surprise isn't hard to spot, either. Sam walks in step with his brother. Castiel greets him with a nod, and Sam excuses himself to go elsewhere. Dean is left, standing right in front of Castiel, looking much taller than he has before.
Castiel follows Jo’s suit with two presents in hand, although he hands one off to Dean and one to Sam.
Cas flips one of the photos over: it’s grainy, like it was taken with a cell phone camera in the dark; A page in a sketchbook, covered in muted shades of brown and blue and red. A young girl with bright red hair, beside a younger boy with a sad, sunken look in his eyes. They are both smiling. They are both exhausted. Underneath them, a signature: Anna Milton.
"Cas is here!" Dean shouts into the house. Castiel leaves his shoes by the door, settling himself in comfortably. He follows Dean in to the kitchen. There are a few strings of lights hung up around the room and over the refrigerator, twinkling like the stars. Over in the living room, a flimsy but very real Christmas tree stands in the corner. A couple of decorations hang off of it precariously, but for the most part it is bare. Sam is lying on the living room couch, holding
Jessica Moore is standing in front of him. Under the mistletoe. She's smiling like she expected this. Sam wants to kill his brother, he can just feel Dean's grin from here. But he can't look away from Jess, the corners of her eyes crinkling. Sam feels his heart in his throat. She's leaning closer. Closer.
He takes his final jacket layer off once he starts to sweat again. He remembers why he hates the heater. Something heavy in the pocket swings down and bumps his arm. He remembers the blue book as soon as he pulls it out. The cover got splattered with a few drops of rain, but it's still in decent shape.
Dean isn’t sure if Cas finishes the word, because Cas’ hands are colliding with Dean’s chest and pushing. “He doesn’t care what you think of Him!” Dean slams into the wall space between the two high windows. The beginnings of a bruise burns where he hits. “He knows what He’s doing!” Cas swings for his face and Dean has enough sense to duck, but not fast enough. Cas hits his cheek and pain blooms. Then Cas grabs his lapels and shakes. “And it doesn’t matter how much you fucking beg! You can’t stop this.”
"Yeah, but at least we can talk to Jess now," Brady teases, eyes lighting up. Sam cocks an eyebrow at him. He holds up a hand: between his two fingers is Sam's phone.
”Do you find the movie offensive?” Cas has that look like he’s genuinely concerned for the movie Sam might want to watch. Dean softens at Cas’ look.
It's not the first time Dean is glad the heater's broken. The brothers shiver, stripping off all their wet clothes and tossing them onto the top of the dryer. Sam makes his way to the kitchen table, pulling some damp school books out of his backpack. John is strewn across the couch, a game of baseball playing on TV softly. The living room lights up a vague shade of green from the television. The whole house shakes with the thunder.
The stairs creak more than Dean remembers them creaking. At the top of the stairs, Charlie makes a sharp left to get to her room. Dean follows close behind.
He progresses to the kitchen, where Gabe is sleeping on the table and Sam is petting him with one hand. A baseball game plays on the TV; Dean recognizes the announcer’s voice, but doesn’t process anything he’s saying. John is on the couch with his feet up on the new coffee table, nursing a beer.
Dean looks at him. He really looks at Castiel, with wide green eyes and an open mouth. He looks like Castiel is an angel, or more, like Castiel is God Himself. Adra looks at Castiel, with eyes sunk into her head like a dug, waiting grave. Her smile is tight-lipped, but there.
”Cas, do you want something to eat?” Dean’s voice is very gentle. Castiel tries to swallow to answer. His tongue, his discovers, is painfully dry. He takes a deep breath. His lungs feel heavy where they meet his ribs.
In the distance, someone shoots a cannon. The three kids only have a second before they have to come face to face with the Shadow Orcs. The long time enemy of Moondoor, the Dark Forest’s warriors have most of their bodies painted gray, and horns protruding from their helmets. They’re easily the most threatening things in Moondoor. At least, they’re the ugliest.
Dean looks away at last, taking the fork with him. Just in time for Jo to shove a present under his nose. Dean winces when she drops it on the table.
"Why don't you move that pawn over by that knight?" Dean asks, pointing to a couple of Cas' pieces. It becomes more obvious the more Dean speaks that he has no idea what he's talking about.
"Uh, Adra? It's Dean. Dean Winchester?" Dean offers, tapping his fingers against the leg of his pants.
”Hey, that’s no problem.” Dean interrupts before Sam can steal the conversation. “Let’s just sit down.”
All Cas does is nod. But when he takes his next bite, he stops and licks his lips in a very slow circle.
Castiel continues to stand on the front porch, holding himself at arms length from the railing. The cold makes the sweat on his neck stick to him. His heart still thrums in his chest, although less violently than before. Mucus sticks to the roof of his mouth, he spits it onto the ground, making a small circle of melted snow.
"Good afternoon." Cas continues to stand, wary of all the junk littered across the floor. Dean notices and, shutting the laptop, he stands too.
"I can't believe my mother sometimes," Kevin gripes as he sits down. He gives Mama Tran his usual four-finger wave as she leaves the parking lot; long before Sam came to town, Kevin lost his pinky finger in an accident. Sam never knew quite what happened, just that Kevin didn't like talking about his nub.
"Cas!" Dean calls, rolling down the passenger side window. Cas turns to him, startled like a deer in headlights.
"Get in a picture together! I want to document this!" He tells them. Castiel shuffles his feet but does not move. Underneath his sweater feels warmer than it should, not just because of the broken heater.
Sam stands at the same time Dean does, yawning and telling Dean he's heading to bed. Dean calls him a pussy, it's not even nine o'clock yet! Sam just glares and trudges off. Heading back to his room as well, Dean tosses the book onto the bed next to his phone. He strips down and wraps a towel around his waist.
The Winchester's sweater, although tacky, is surprisingly comfortable. It bundles around Cas' hips and covers most of his hand, sliding easily under his coat.
on SparkNotes later. He remembers teaching Sam how to read at the tender age of four, when Dean himself was eight. Every night, they struggled through the first Harry Potter book aloud, before they both crashed on the couch, or floor, or bed, or wherever they wound up. But they read it, cover to cover. Dean hadn't read a book all the way through since.
Cas is aware of Dean's presence on the couch, with his now more prominent snoring and occasional shift in position. He shuts his eyes and tries to wash the feeling away, but it continues to buzz at the back of his head.
He only died a few years ago. Sam wonders who he had been. “And humanity is so…” He pauses, looking for just the right word. “Empathetic. I will never get tired of watching.”
Castiel honestly considers praying when the bell rings, sending him off to Psychology. Specifically, sending him off to Psychology without Dean. His teacher gives him a nod when he walks in.
Sam thinks, stretching and arching along the length of his bed. Reluctantly, he sticks his limbs out from under the sleep-warm covers; he's shivering before he gets both his arms out.
”There was one night she snuck into my room, sketchbook in tow. She sat on the edge of my bed until sunrise, and we…” Castiel stops, feeling suddenly very far away. He remembers the rustle of leaves through the window, the way the moon watched the two of them together on Cas’ bed. He can almost feel the scratchy hospital blanket under his hands. And Anna’s art, charcoal and pastel, taking his breath away every time she turned a page.
. Shadows pass in front of him. Boots churn up the dirt. Running. A voice. Charlie. Charlie’s voice.
"Sam." Castiel cuts in, derailing whatever tangent Dean was going down. Sam looks at Cas: his eyes are dark and the shadows make them look like they've already sunk deep into their sockets. "I have cystic fibrosis."
The last thing he sees before he drops down is Castiel with light pouring in around him, taking a puff of his inhaler. His hands are red, his face shiny and wet.
“Mother…” Cas starts, then stops to take a puff of his inhaler, then another. He leans on Dean’s open arm. His lungs open, the cool, sticky medicine pumping through him. “Dean and I are dating.”
Dean nearly floors it back to Cas' house. He apologizes a couple times without quite being sure of what he's saying. Castiel insists that he understands.
Castiel had not told that story once since Anna had told it to him all those years ago. He can almost smell the freshly mowed grass on his shoes, the medicine-and-Marlboros-and-flowers that Anna always smelled like. And something else, something musty and warm.
The bed creaks when Dean flops down on it. Cas follows suit, gentler. Dean wiggles around on the mattress for a moment before tucking one arm under his head and facing Castiel.
Sam’s chest tightens. There’s an SD card on his desk, that he’s been moving photos onto his computer with over the last couple months.
He tries to get his attention back on the book, which lasts all of thirty seconds before he checks his phone, or the clock, or the cute librarian. Once, his glance skirts over Castiel, who's also looking up at him from his book. Their eye contact holds for much longer than necessary. Dean sets his jaw, forces himself to look away. The jingling of his keys gets louder.
The stone walkway underneath his feet is almost painfully cold to the touch. He's careful not to step on any stray bugs. There's something satisfying in the way the dead leaves crunch under his toes. A tiny brown creature scurries across in front of him, over to the pointy hemlock tree right next to the door. Castiel blinks, missing where the creature goes. So he keeps walking.
He has been chatting with Dean and Jo idly during their English class all week, but it's only today that they asked him to join them for lunch.
”Yeah?” Dean asks, scooting closer. Cas shuts his eyes for a long moment, marvelling in the tenebrous colors he can see behind his eyelids.
He decides to fuck it at the last minute, he can shock his teacher by showing up on time for once. He strolls in, thumbs hooked into his belt loops, just as the late bell is chiming. The teacher purses her lips and gives him a look, but can't be bothered to say anything. The room is all but empty, a few kids scattered around the tables. His friend and occasional fuck-buddy, Jace, is sitting on her desk next to another girl that Dean doesn't remember the name of. He can't focus long enough to care.
“Cas,” Sam mumbles, “Cas, Cas, Cas. Castiel.” His name is a prayer, coming from Sam’s mouth. Castiel reaches up and pets Sam’s hair, careful not to snag his glasses. Sam’s hair is down to his shoulders. A gust of wind rustles and a few petals flutter into the fountain water. Sam is shaking little sobs.
Their teacher sits in his office, shuffling some papers around his desk. A bright orange whistle hangs around his neck. His real name is Azazel Burgh, but everyone calls him Ice Burgh behind his back. Sam's never heard a kid say it to his face, but he can only imagine that a gruesome death would befall them.
"It's very... Unique." Castiel manages, looking Sam up and down. The sweater swims on him, like it was made for an adult rather than a young teenager.
Leia whines and sits by the stairs, her tail thumping against the floor. Dean wipes his face off with his sleeve.
“Uh. Yeah. Yes.” Jo falters, then lifts her eyes and arms. The flowers follow in her right hand. Her hug is firm, clasping around Cas’ shoulders and into his spine. She smells like soap and a memory of perfume.
Dad didn't come home from his night out drinking. Which happens often enough, but never at the beginning of the week. Dean half-heartedly checks the date, to see if his calendar was right this mor-- Oh. November 2nd.
”Bobby?” Dean asks. She nods, as if it’s silly for him to think there are any other choices. “Been looking for a job. No luck, yet.”
“Hey, Dean?” Sam asks. Dean stops just before the bathroom and grunts, “Uh, Jess and maybe Brady, Jake, and Kevin are coming over after school.” Dean shuts his eyes and grunts again.
Castiel sighs. He picks at a scar on the kitchen table, balances the salt shaker on the back of his good hand.
Sam looks at him, his eyes wide open, his mouth slightly ajar. He nods rapidly. His glasses fall to his nose.
"Cas, don't-- Don't be like that." Silence. "I mean. Smart as you are, you still have a lot to learn, is all. Wait, shit, no." Dean stumbles over himself. Cas wheezes a small chuckle, in spite of himself, but he still says nothing. Dean dismisses his passenger for the remainder of the drive.
His elbow bumps against a book he forgot was there, when he reaches to take drink. A sticky note with the word
”When Gabriel died, I had already been discharged, but I was still visiting him every so often. So naturally, when I come to find out he had passed, I was as distraught as a ten-year-old could be. But Luc, well… I remember standing outside in the hallway,” Cas points to the picture again. “The next thing I knew, Luc was being taken out of the room by force. That was the last I saw of him. Two nurses had to be taken to the ER.”
"Hurry it up." John snaps. "And turn off the damn lights." Dean nearly sprints to the wall to shut the lights off.
Adra tucks an invisible piece of hair behind her ear. Her tattoo peeks through her shirt cuff. She shifts on her feet.
Dean hesitates. Cas’ hand is skeletal, and foreign at the end of Cas’ coat. Cas is staring at him, his lips tight and his eyes unblinking.
"There's got to be some kind of health code violation against being outside when it's so cold," Brady is griping to Sam on the way to their next class.
The funeral home is nondescript; a one-story white building with a little garden in front. Holding each door open are two nondescript men each wearing two-piece suits. Sam bumps shoulders with Dean. Dean pulls at his shirt again. God damn it. The last time he wore it, he thinks with a grimace, was his and Castiel’s first date.
He swaggers into the lunch room and the familiar aroma of shitty food and teenagers greets him. He spots Jo at their usual table in the corner, listening half-heartedly to one of Ash's alien abduction theories. Ash is a year older than them, and has been sporting a mullet since seventh grade. Today, he's tied the 'party' part into a short braid. When Dean slides up, Ash is busy telling Jo that the pyramids were built by aliens. "No, seriously."
Sam seriously considers what kind of supernatural monster his brother can be, only taking less than ten minutes every morning to get ready.
He rubs his eyes with the heel of his hand, watching the lights behind them dance, and willing himself to just calm down, damn it. He opens his eyes and stares at the blank ceiling. It’s a lot lower down than Cas’ ceiling. There’s a crack running from the window to halfway across the room. His vision prickles in the dark.
"And that's you, Cas." Dean points at Cas' reflection in the mirror. Dean stands a good few inches taller than Cas. Even without his coat, Castiel looks very small next to him. Cas studies his face in Dean's mirror: his eyes are heavy, but his skin looks bright in a way he hasn't seen it in a long time. Something inside him loosens.
”Dean,” Cas starts, clearing his throat. Dean turns to face Cas, winding up with his back against the countertop. Heat is pooling off both of them. Castiel tilts his head, leaning closer. “The flowers.” His voice is little more than a whisper. It does not have to be any louder, with how close they are. “Why did you…” Cas’ heart is thumping in his chest; He can feel Dean’s breath ghosting across him. Sweet, he smells sweet, and very Dean. Cas goes up on his tip-toes to get that much closer.
”Fuckin’ hell,” Dean curses again, once he’s finally able to stand straight on his feet. “Is this how you feel all the time?”
they are different from you. Recognizing that your friends and neighbors are of a different color, or creed, or lifestyle, this is important. This is fundamental.” His eyes stop scanning when they reach a little to the left of Sam.
By the time the bell rings, Castiel is utterly bored, nearly ready to sue whoever decided chimpanzees were proper motivators. But considering all the glances at Dean that he doesn't take, he thinks it's worth it.
In contrast to his lungs, which are fuller and thicker than they have ever been, Castiel’s stomach feels like it’s trying to eat itself. Castiel watches Dean smile, and he knows that smile doesn’t reach all the way inside. He wants to shout, and kick, and yell at Dean until his throat goes hoarse for being such an outrageous
of a fire extinguisher. The crackling of the flame stops. Cas thinks he catches Dean chuckle, but something stops him.
”Oh, dude, Ash,” Jo interrupts, crunching on a chip. “Did I tell you what we talked about in Law today? Fucking moose. Meese? Mooses? Yeah, anyway, this couple from New Hampshire was charged after chasing down a moose and getting attacked.”
"Whatever, Dean." Once the coins are put back in their respective piles, Sam heads back to the kitchen. Dean rubs the sleep from his eyes.
”Since you guys are talking, you ready for the next course?” Sam asks, balancing a couple plates on his arm.
“'Course I will,” Dean scoffs. The boy continues to stare at him. It makes Dean wonder if he wants to say something else. But, whatever. He checks the clock again, “But, I've gotta be out of here in like, ten minutes.” Castiel's gaze hardens to what Dean thinks is a glare.
At this point, enough students have rolled in that the teacher begins handing out rubrics for the project they have to work on. Castiel is nearly finished with his miniature bridge, he only needs to make sure it can hold weight.
The wind rams against Cas' coat as he opens the door. Instead of letting it go like he normally would, Cas buttons his trenchcoat up to the top. The leaves are whipping around the ground, handfuls of dirt are tossed carelessly about by the wind.
“Nothin’,” Dean answers automatically. No, that's not cool. He clears his throat and starts over, “Just… Cas. He had a doctor’s appointment today, and, and, you’ve seen him. I’m worried, man.”
Sunlight shines at Dean from between the trees. Good lord, does his stringy wig itch. His face feels like it’s going to peel off under the red and white paint.
“Chased me out? Show your father some fucking respect! You owe me your damn life!” John shouts, “You wouldn’t be alive if it weren’t for me.”
He stops thinking about it, and gives the younger librarian at the front desk a quick nod and a smile, trying to bring himself back to the here-and-now. He spots his partner sitting at one of the library's round tables, papers spread all around him. Dean reaches all around his mind for the boy's name:
“They are mine,” Castiel chokes through his tears. Adra leaves her dinner and crashes into him. Leftover pain stings Cas’s chest and his hands. He grips tighter, squeezing her wing-like shoulders, burying his face in her chest. She smells of spices and sweet soap. Nutmeg. She is his, too. He wants to apologize for not realizing it. He goes to speak but his mouth is gummy and pressed into her shoulder.
Cas’ heart skips in his chest. He puts his book down to rest on his lap. He coughs a mouthful of gross into a tissue and sits back. He picks his book up, but each words blurs into
"He caught the flu or something," Brady answers, dropping his bags. "Got it from his sister. I swear, the whole Talley family could still catch the Black Plague." Brady rubs the back of his neck with his gloved hand.
Ruby drops off two root beers for Charlie and Dean, and a vanilla milkshake for Gilda. Gilda takes two straws and starts sucking down on her shake as soon as it hits the table.
The next time Castiel reaches into the box, he pulls out two photos and holds them close to his chest.
The Milton Diner is as old as the trio combines, and always smells like fresh pie. There’s a waitress named Ruby behind the dessert counter with six piercings and seven tattoos. She has a light, square jaw and dark eyes that light up when the three of them walk in. Charlie lets go of Gilda’s hand to give Ruby a hug.
The rest of the day, Castiel unwittingly spends listening to the seconds tick away on the clock. By the last five minutes of his Chemistry class, he's on the very edge of his seat with his fingers drumming the desk. He slides a hand into his pocket, grasping at nothing. And then, finally, the bell rings. Castiel is out of the door before anyone else.
“Castiel,” Adra says, reaching forward to touch her son’s shoulder. Castiel blinks. The heart monitor picks up as he sweeps his eyes over his guests. He smiles a crooked smile.
“Of course,” She says, “You’ve been here a lot.” She looks down, at her nails scratching behind Gabe’s ear.
-ing as he goes through. The tail of his coat makes a wet sound against his legs, dripping down onto his socks. Castiel squirms.
A warm and familiar heat surrounds him, guiding him with shaking hands out into the blaring fluorescence of the hallway. The arms around him smell like garlic and old book musk, and for a single second Dean thinks it’s Castiel, somehow, and then he remembers, and then it’s his little brother pressing into him, it’s Sam’s shoulders he squeezes, Sam’s chest he buries his head in. Sam holds him and blubbers into Dean’s hair.
”There was once an angel,” Cas repeats, “who, one day, decided to come down to earth. He had never been down before, only watched passively from up in heaven. He had always been curious, however. Curious about who the humans were, why God was so keen on protecting them.
Charlie is holding her sword up, a little higher than the rest. Her crown looks like it’s made of sunlight. Beside her, Golda is in her usual purple dress with a belt of tiny, black beanbags around her waist.
The leather notebook that Dean bought falls into Cas' hands, shiny and yet unmarked. Dean's eyes snap up to Cas' face, searching for some kind of reaction. Cas squeezes the journal in his hands, his fingerprints making tiny smudges on the leather cover.
Dean stands, his whole body aching in a new way. He goes back to the table, a large roast turkey waiting for him in the middle. The head of the table is empty, John's already left.
”Charlie and I started in middle school. She’s been the Queen of Moons for a couple years, since her mom had her accident.” They don’t like to talk about the accident much. Dean is glad Cas doesn’t ask. “I think Gilda’s in on it this season, too. That picture there--” he points to the one of him and Charlie in armor, “was from last summer. It’s a year round thing, but in February they always have tournaments. One year there was a bunch of rain, man, and it took two weeks to get all the stains out. Mr. Bradbury was
"Yeah," Sam huffs, sparing the details from Jess' ears. If Sam remembers right, and he knows he does, their dad had cursed them both out and threatened to take the dog out to Bobby's and shoot it.
The rest of the mantle is still covered in dust. Tucking the three picture frames under his arm, Castiel runs a hand over the smooth wood. The dust flutters everywhere, irritating Cas' nose again.
Cas sits on the left side of the couch, his back rod-straight, staring at the TV like he half-expects a wolf to jump out at him.
Dean moves and puts his hand on Sam’s lower back. It’s the same place Castiel’s mother had put her hands when the doctor had given them the news. Sam lunges and hugs Castiel around the neck. Castiel wraps his arms around Sam’s middle. Sam is the same height as Dean now, but lankier. Much like Castiel has become.
Putting clothes back on takes considerably longer than taking them off. Or it doesn't. Dean isn't too sure, honestly. His clothes feel heavy on his body, like they're tethering him to the seat.
"How have you not died yet?" Sam asks, shaking his head at his brother. Dean just rolls his eyes and finishes putting on his shirt.
Rummy barks over the chatter in Bobby's kitchen. Sam is busy setting the table up. Everyone else is standing around chatting. Jo scratches Rummy behind the ears. Dean leans back on the counter, listening more to the bubbling of the soup than any of the conversations around him. He doesn't miss Bobby cursing under his breath, though.
”You’re really somethin’ else, aren’t you?” Dean asks. Castiel gets the feeling he should not answer.
"Moose can swim, seriously, it's a part of their evolution," Ash explains excitedly. He pauses to snag a couple pretzels from the pile. "When their ancestors had to migrate from Siberia." There is a hoard of food in the middle of the table that everyone takes a bite from occasionally, all a potluck from whatever the trio had brought in that day. Today, there are pretzels, potato chips, a sandwich and a half, and some smushed brownies. No one is entirely sure who brought what. Cas takes a chip and crunches on it.
Dean walks up to the coffin, meticulous about where he places his feet. Cas would chastise him for clomping around too loud, waking from his much-needed rest. So Dean walks slow. There’s a little cushioned bench to kneel on in front of the casket. Dean considers fumbling through a prayer. Cas looks asleep if Dean doesn’t look too hard. He's same sort of relaxed Dean got used watching. In the dead of night, with the moonlight falling in streaks through the window. Castiel snored and Dean watched, his heart aching against his ribs.
”Oh, hey Cas,” Sam waves. Cas waves back, sheepish. “Not long, just gonna get some stuff and then we’re heading back out. Jess’ mom is waiting outside.”
“Adra tells me you’re one of Castiel’s friends,” The woman says, smiling a tight, sad smile. Dean takes a deep breath. The woman doesn’t let go of his hand. He wants to pull away. Her eyes are wide, but not piercing the way Adra’s are.
“Hey, Dean?” Sam asks from the other side of the table. Dean looks up. “Can I get help with something?” His eyes dart over to their dad, like he needs to make sure he's actually asleep. Dean gestures at him to go on. “Well, uh, how do you--” He makes a vague hand gesture. “You know, when you're trying to get attention from-- I mean...” He twirls hair around one of his fingers, as if that'll help Dean figure him out.
“Well hey,” Dean interjects, flipping his phone out of his pocket, “Ash and Jo are coming over tonight, so we won't be totally alone.” Sam perks up. Dean squats down next to him, flinching when the cat rubs its face against his knee. “And you know, if you're good I may just let you stay with us.” They both smile, “But, y'know, not next to Jo or anything. Don't want to make Jess jealous.” Sam turns away, trying to hide the blush creeping up his cheeks.
"Oh Lord, greetings. Good evening, I feel I should say, although it is hardly evening any more. I will begin this message the same way I begin all things, with thanks. I would like to thank You for my loving mother, this house, these books, and for... For this day, that I may cherish it and use it to help do Your will. The day is a gift, as I have long-since come to realize, and I should treat it as such." Castiel tilts his head up without opening his eyes. He doesn't need to, nothing in the room moves without him. There is no breeze on the other side of the window, as is common for this time of year. Silence. All at once, Castiel feels as if his words have been stolen from him. "A-amen." He ends his prayer clumsily. 	Castiel feels he should say more, but he knows he can't. But it's no matter, the Lord will understand everything he doesn't say. Can't say.
On this note, y'all, we only have a few more chapters til the end. It's been a great journey and it's far from over. If you want to contact me off ao3, I have a tumblr, veggiesforpresident. If you have any questions, comments, any tears you wish to send my way, my ask box is open.
Dean finishes sweeping up and then he finds the bin of garden supplies, including a pair of thick gloves. He picks the dirt from his nails, laughing at himself. Back inside, it’s warmer, sending a leftover shiver up Dean’s back as he ties his jacket around his waist. Adra sits at the island, her legs crossed at the ankles, petting a Gabe who’s sprawled on his back, exposing his fat, fluffy tummy. What a beautiful slut. Dean is gonna to miss him. Dean goes and gets a cup out of the pantry and fills it under the tap.
As if on cue, the front doors slide open to reveal Dean, with a younger, shaggy-haired boy trailing behind him. Castiel recognizes him: Sam is his name. They've shared a conversation or two whenever they ran into one another in the fiction section. Sam and Dean looks similar, Castiel won't be surprised Dean is the brother Sam had griped about before.
"Sir," Dean greets his dad with a smile, even though he knows John can't see. Dean's posture corrects itself so he's nearly standing at attention, when John opens his mouth to speak.
"You ain't done yet, Cas," Dean reminds him, "You still got one from me." He swipes his gift off the coffee table and hands it to Cas. Cas weighs it in his hand. Dean can feel his stomach clenching, his eyes fixed on Cas' face as he turns the gift over in his hand. Cas undoes the wrapping paper just as carefully as before, even though Dean just threw some tape on it at the last minute. Dean squeezes his fist in his lap.
Pastor Jim asks if anyone else would like to say something. The air in Dean’s lungs is too tight, too high. The podium is empty, the Bible splayed open, waiting, red. Dean gets up. This is it. This is it. He balls his hands into fists. The podium creeps closer. The Bible is still open.
Dean parks across the street from the high school. The wind nips at his face when he shuts the door behind him. He checks his watch: he's got more than enough time. He watches his breath curl like smoke towards the sun, and spends a moment craving a swig of his dad's Jack Daniel's. He can never do Monday mornings. Something about today makes his chest feel particularly full.
Brady isn't the last to finish the run, despite having to go twice as far. Once Brady finishes and can breathe again, he wolf-whistles Sam's ponytail; the two boys chit chat idly, both praying to go back inside soon.
Sam shivers when he walks, the cold latching onto any bare skin it can find. There’s a short stone path to the graveyard behind the church. After crunching over long-dead leaves for a few minutes, Sam asks what exactly they’re doing.
“Not all the time,” He says, finally, “Not forever.” With a grimace, Dean takes the toolbox outside.
This is boring. Dean doesn’t want to admit he’s bored, because he’s laying on Cas’ bed, hunched over a copy of Frankenstein, with Cas beside him doing the same. Cas stuck a pen between his teeth, chewing it idly.
“Don't you have to get to class?” Cas asks, starting down the hall to his Physics classroom. Dean walks in step beside him. He shrugs, knocking shoulders with Cas again. There's a stretch of hallway before Cas gets to his class, so he slows down.
”Alright,” Charlie pushes herself up. Dean feels his stomach flip. “We need to get ready for battle!” Dean shoves his face into the pillow and groans. “No, get up!” Dean doesn’t move. Charlie shifts her tone. “Up, handmaiden!”
The two large windows in his room are tilted, facing up to the stars. They latch in the middle, although it's been years since they've been locked. The glow of the moon is warm through the glass, despite the chill of the air outside. Castiel strips off his shirt and folds it neatly on the bed. Slowly, like in a trance, he steps forward to bathe himself in the pale light. His skin is hot, as it would have been if he'd just awoke from under blankets. The light gleams on his pale skin, and he feels like he shines along with it. The shadows that cascade around him are a comfort: a simple proof that he is, in fact, there at all.
“My apologies. But, planting Eden got me thinking a lot--” Castiel coughs, “When God created humanity, He gave us rules. But, He did not make us unthinking, unfeeling things. He gave us the choice to disobey Him.”
Dean takes a deep breath. The air tastes like dirt. The heat of the battle rages on around him. Dean steadies himself into a squat. Charlie’s still going with the sword. Dean’s back throbs. A perfect rhythm. Whack, throb. Whack, throb.
"Well," Dean starts, getting the key in the ignition and feeling the engine roll under him. "I know what I'm thankful for."
He stares at the bottom of the bed, at the shadowy spot that his foot kicked, for a long, tense moment. He can feel his heart beat in his stomach. The radio serenades him with the upbeat pounding of Ke$ha. He doesn't hear it, only the sound of the blood pulsing in his ears.
Castiel follows Sam into a pew. Sam shifts a little on the wooden seat. Cas kneels down, closing his eyes and drawing his eyebrows together. He prays in silence. Sam kneels down, too. He doesn’t pray a word. It’s as if all his words are caught in the lump in his throat.
His writing is neat, written in all capital letters and a neat calligraphy, the same way it's been since he was young. As he's setting his pen down, he hears an unexpected knock at his door. He tells them to come in. The trap door latch is unhooked and the ladder tumbles down to the floor below. There's some fumbling, the clink of china, and a muttered curse or two, before the guest sticks her head in.
"Come on, Sam." Jess is laughing, helping him get his hand out. "That's no way to treat a lady! Didn't Jane Austen teach you anything?" He sticks his tongue out, finally getting his hand free.
"Tch, no," Dean scoffs. He takes another drink. "Actually," Dean starts, glancing back at Cas before turning towards Sam. "I-- We wanted to talk to you about something." Sam's heart jumps.
Castiel is silent for a long time. The wind rustles some budding petals loose. They swirl to the ground and stop at Dean and Cas’ feet.
"No, I mean..." Dean looks away, but doesn't take his hand off of Cas' shoulder. "you miss movie nights with us most weeks 'cause you've got so many damn doctor's appointments. And now you tell me you've been smoking? What the hell, Cas, that's not something okay people
Fucking. Castiel thinks about it. Fucking. As in sex. With Dean. Fucking, as in sex with Dean Winchester.
“Dean…” Castiel starts. His voice is heavy in his throat. Dean plunks down beside Cas, slinging his arm over the back of the bench so he can finger at the neck of Cas’ coat. Cas turns to him. His eyes, as blue and as serious as the sky, are wet. Cas’ hand comes up, cups Dean’s jaw. “Oh, Dean.”
Dean’s thumbs hesitate over the tiny keyboard. He types out a message, and deletes it. He types it out again, and deletes it. Then he types it out a third time, and sends it before he can convince himself not to.
John reaches out blindly when Dean comes over, rubbing his eyes. He swallows the pills greedily, finishing them off with a gulp of water Dean hands him. Dean is racking his brains staring at his dad.
”Jesus fuck,” he splutters, spitting a mouthful of vinegar into the sink. He waves his hand around as if he’s trying to find something solid to hold onto. Castiel steps forward; Dean grips his shoulder.
English is one of the few dual-taught classes Dean has run into during his three years in high school. Ms. Nisbet and Mrs. Leonard are both fresh out of college and have an inane passion for literature. As Dean walks in, the class is already chatty and someone's stuck a cucumber to the front chalkboard. Dean takes the seat two rows behind his friend Jo.
“No.” He looks away from her, to the rest of the kitchen counter, and the spice racks on top of the toaster oven. “Have you seen my--” He makes a motion he hopes conveys an inhaler. “The blue one.”
The phone rings on the wall, ripping Dean’s attention away from the rabbit hole it’s spiraling into. The group up front pauses, and Nisbet answers the call.
”It is fascinating. Watching how we honor the people who had been close to us, once they pass. We immortalize them in stone, but even then that’s not enough, we feel like we still have to…” Castiel gestures to the flower pot. Sam looks closer at the headstone:
And then they're standing outside Castiel's Physics classroom. A few kids push their way past them to get inside, even though they have a minute before the late bell. Dean's hands are jammed into his pockets. Both boys look at each other, before Dean checks his watch and takes a few steps back.
After spitting out all that's gummed up the inside of his mouth, he goes back to his restricted breathing from earlier. When he regains control, he pulls out a fresh pair of jeans and a shirt from the wardrobe in the corner. He grabs his tan trenchcoat as well, running his fingers over the well-known creases. There's a stitch in the elbow that gets sewn up every couple months, and three words written in Sharpie along the neckline. It had been nearly three years since he walked away from the register. He felt at home immediately when the coat slid over his shoulders.
When he gets back out, Cas is up on his toes, rooting through one of the cabinets. He wavers for a second, but he's able to grab whatever spice it is that he needs without falling.
"Hey, Cas," Dean smiles at him. Maybe it's the fluid clinging to his lungs as well, but Cas finds it very hard to breathe. He had not realized just how badly he missed the boy until right then.
”You are exhausted.” Castiel says, before he realizes what he is saying. It’s true: Dean’s eyes are sunken and dark, heavy in the way even the strongest coffee can’t leverage.
There’s a test in his English class, and he’s surprised when he breezes through it. All those metaphors Cas talked him through, he’s sure. Both him and Cas finish their tests early, so they spend the rest of the time passing notes in the journal Dean gave him for Christmas. Dean is real tempted to flip back and look through the other pages Cas has written in, but he doesn’t. Cas would show him if it were important enough. They fill up a good two pages with their conversation, including a stick-figure Castiel from Dean.
?” Thunder shouts overhead, but does not answer. Dean kicks again, the toolbox, the Impala’s front wheel. It doesn’t help. Nothing fucking helps. Dean grips the crowbar tighter and swings towards the Impala’s rain-streaked window. “Why?!”
He leans off the bed and there’s a zipper unzipping, some plastic shuffling, and Dean returning to Castiel. His mouth is pursed and a bead of sweat rolls down his chest. He studies the silver wrapper for a second, then glances at Castiel. Cas’ face heats. Dean tears the condom wrapper open and pulls out the yellow rubber. Cas shifts up to rest on his elbows, and Dean puts the condom on.
They make a turn, and oh shit, Dean gets dipped. Cas’ arms are sturdy, holding him there for a second longer than necessary. If Dean’s heart wasn’t throbbing before…
“Do you want to talk about it?” Adra asks, each word a sweetgum seed falling from her mouth. She winces.
“Shut up,” Dean doesn’t realize it’s his own voice speaking until John snaps his head up and glares at him. That look is enough. Something in Dean’s chest breaks. It boils. He slams a fist down on the arm of the couch. “Shut the fuck up, Dad.”
"It's the hair," Ash decides, flipping his mullet over his shoulder. "Only the most bad ass can pull off such a 'do."
“You made it.” She says, smiling at all of them. It falters when she sees Cas, but she pulls him into a too-tight hug anyway. “Good to see you, kid. Jo’ll be thrilled too.”
”We sat. We existed. She passed a few days later,” Cas continues, “I will admit there was much about her I still do not understand. But, regardless, when she passed, I went out to the playground, and I saw…” He flips the next picture: a crushed pack of Marlboros sitting at the base of an old tree. A single purple flower is springing up out of the carton.
Sure enough, it's only a handful of minutes later when Dean's head falls onto Cas' shoulder. His slow, even breaths and occasional snore are surprisingly comfortable to Cas. Dean's short hair tickles at Cas' bare neck. Slowly, as not to wake him, Cas shimmies away from Dean. He doesn't realize he was barely breathing until he steps over to where the Christmas tree was, and sucks in a good, strong breath. Ashes climb into his mouth.
”Shut the fuck up,” Dean rolls his eyes. He feels some of the tension bleed out from his shoulders. He turns back to the Harvelle’s, clapping his hands together. “I seriously… I can’t thank you guys enough.”
”Pie’s almost done,” Mrs. Bradbury says. “I’m making your favorite!” Dean gives her another kiss, just for that.
"It's been a very long time." Cas shifts uncomfortably, shoving his hands into his coat pockets. They clasp around his inhaler. "But in light of recent events it seems I'm back to my old habit." He digs his hands deeper into his pockets. It isn't until he catches Dean's mournful look that he realizes just how much sorrow he must have held in his voice. Snow clings to Dean's hair like it's meant to be there. He puts a hand on Cas' shoulder, and it's then that Cas first wants to kiss him.
"Balls!" Bobby curses. Dean doesn't hear him, though, he's too busy trying to get the dog's big, pink tongue off of his face. Rummy smells like rot and wet dog. Dean nearly gags.
“What astounds me about Adam and Eve is that God knew,” Castiel continues, “He knew that humanity would disobey Him. That’s why He created us. He cast us out of the garden, but he did not smite us down. Paradise was not made for us, Sam, it was made for us to leave behind.”
“It’s like… Being chained to a comet. You remember he told us that?” Jess asks. Sam remembers. They had been at the library; Cas was helping Jess do research for a project before one of his appointments. Jess asked him what it felt like, and Cas told them.
Dean's gut clenches. He sets his phone down and keeps cleaning the counter. When the mess is clean, he picks up his phone and stares at it.
Cas folds his legs cross-legged beside Dean, setting the box down between his knees. The glossy photos in the box wait patiently for him. He looks back up, at the windows. Light is streaming in, making the dust particles in the air shine. Goosebumps prickle on Cas’ arm, though he barely notices them. Cas swallows; it does not go down easy.
There's another picture: Charlie in a crown, peering down at the camera like it's hardly worthy of her attention.
”That’s right, dude, it’s your birthday! I totally forgot!” Ash says, smacking himself on the forehead.
There's movement through the living room. The first thing Dean registers is that Dad awake, is sitting up on the couch glaring with heavy eyes at the dark TV screen.
"Welcome to Eden," Cas says, holding the door open for Dean. As if on cue, the leaves halt their rustling so Dean can step out.
Sunday mornings are usually pretty quiet in the Winchester household. Dad never works, and Dean always sleeps in before Jo, Ash, and Castiel come over. But since Dean’s in Texas for the weekend, house is feels abnormally quiet.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says, and Dean jumps. The lighter clatters onto the hood of the car and slides a few inches until it hits the ground.
”Yeah, exactly!” Dean’s hand squeeze’s Cas’s. “You can live those stories, literally.” He tips his head back. “Fuck, I gotta take you some time. You could be a knight or something.”
”Man, you know who’d love these?” He asks through a mouthful of peanut butter, “Cas. He adores all these sweets, I think he got it from --” He swallows, not realizing what he was about to say. Charlie looks at him.
He pauses before hitting send, thumb hovering over the keyboard. He's not sure if it's the booze or Castiel himself, but Dean isn't sure what to say next.
”Excuse me?” Cas tilts his head. He was under the impression that Valentine’s Day was not all that special to Dean. Dean’s hand is resting on his own thigh, curling and uncurling. He sighs, mustering up some energy, it seems. Castiel is fascinated watching him. Dean swallows.
One of Dean’s classmates gives him a sobering look, and Dean knows they’re noticing the yellowing bruise on his cheek, the scrapes on his knuckles.
”Oh, well, carry on, then.” Cas takes a seat as Dean pushes the chair in. They smile at one another, once Dean takes his seat across the table.
Only once before can Castiel remember being quite as nervous as he is now: he had been ten, standing in front of his mother and an empty chess board, asking Adra about his father for the first time. Today, he's laying back on his hospital bed, phone in hand. The clock on the wall ticks by, and the television screen above his bed runs through another staticky episode of Full House.
"That is not your fault," Cas assures him. Dean only grunts. Cas stares at him, hard, until he looks up from the ground.
Dean looks over to Cas. His hair is stuck up at an odd angle. Something about him overwhelms Dean with the urge to reach out and touch, as if their proximity now isn’t enough. He slings an arm around Cas’s shoulder.
“Jo,” Castiel says. He doesn’t move to touch her, but he looks at her intently. Jo squeezes her eyes shut, “I am glad I got to see you play.”
The next group was one he liked the best, despite the fiery pain as the artist reached the crook of his elbow: thick-stemmed flowers with heart-shaped lilac petals.
Castiel isn’t in class the Wednesday they have to present the project. Dean expected this. The only contact he’d gotten from Cas the last week was an email sent at three in the morning, with the essay they’d written attached, and nothing else. Cas usually had a signature, one of those automatic ones, and Dean chuckles to think Cas went through the effort to delete it before sending.
"Alright, fine." Jo blows a tuft of hair out of her eyes. Dean goes back to the kitchen. He knows their argument is far from over, but that's enough for now.
, he thinks. Sam is nearly head-butting him from behind to get into the car. Dean zips his jacket up another inch.
Sam toils around in the kitchen for a while longer before bringing out a couple of menus. They’re made of carefully crafted construction paper, with Cafe di Winchester at the top, in Jess’ looping handwriting. There are small hearts next to each course. Granted, there are only three items on the menu, two main courses and a dessert. But that’s more hearts than Dean’s ready to see.
"Sure thing, Bobby." Dean pulls out his phone, nudging his brother to show him the time. Sam squints at the screen. Dean gets a text. "We gotta get going, gonna miss curfew." He taps out a quick message.
”Well, don’t be a stranger! Come say hi to your dear old Momma!” She insists. Dean laughs. Charlie takes him by the hand and half-drags him into the kitchen.
He turns around to Dean standing in the doorway, shrugging on his jacket. The Santa hat has left his head.
She flies away, leaving a few other bees behind her, still as eager as ever to collect their prize. He watches them float around for a few seconds, before tilting his head up to the sky; The clouds above him are close enough that he could reach up and touch them if he wanted, but in the same moment they're entirely too far away. Even the trees hanging over him seem too tall. He remembers when he could stand up straight and the leaves would barely brush his cheek.
A bluster of wind rattles the windows. Castiel drops the book in fright; the front cover flips shut. With a sigh, he leaves the book on his desk. The light from his desk lamp shines a dull yellow throughout the room, mixing with the moonlight. The windows continue to rattle. The light flickers once, twice, and then goes dark, leaving only the moonlight to pour in.
Dean saunters into class a few minutes later, despite leaving Shop at the same time as Castiel. Castiel pointedly doesn't notice him come in, having already engrossed himself into the book. That doesn't stop Castiel from praying, silently, that Dean won't try to make conversation with him.
”This is Gabriel.” Castiel points to the boy with the candy bar. “We were both ten years old when we met. His older brother, Luke,” Cas points to the boy in the background, “was sixteen. Gabriel always said that Luke, whom he called Lucifer, never understood him. Luc never did what was best for him, he made all the wrong choices.
“You’ve seriously never read this one?” Dean asks, not looking up. As he heads, Dean’s eyelashes leave long shadows on his cheeks.
"Cas." Dean says back, mockingly. He looks over at the clock, his expression softening. "Let me be the first to say, Merry Christmas, Cas."
Dean isn't sure if he thinks it or says it out loud. He's gripping the steering wheel, his heart pounding up in his throat. There's a moment of shocked silence, save for the music, that Dean glances over at Sam, who's staring wide-eyed at nothing. They turn to each other and explode in a fit of terrified laughter.
Dean curses. From downstairs, Rummy barks. The basement stairs creak when Bobby comes back up. Dean slides down next to Sam, sitting on the stairs. The bottom of his boots are caked with dried mud.
“Victor promised his creation a companion here, see, after the creation told him his story and asked for a partner to love. Now, Victor I believe, represents God and His relationships to people, or at least, what happens when man tries to become God. What Victor really needs to do is love his creation, not create a wife for him who's equally as terrifying. Ergo, what God needs to do is love his people.”
Instead, he straightens up his back and steadies his breathing. He focuses entirely on the air going around in and out of his lungs, trying to wipe out all thought of how uncomfortable he is. The pen in his hand twirls around his fingers with practiced ease. He takes a sheet of looseleaf out of his backpack, scribbling at the top to get his pen to work.
"Did you have something else to do?" Sam asks, a little more accusing than he means it to be. Dean sneers, glaring at the rim of his beer can. Sam has a sneaking suspicion it's not just Bud Lite in Dean's can
“You’d think a son would have some fucking respect for his father,” John mutters, loud enough so all three of them can hear it. “But I guess that’s a pipe dream in this day and age.”
"My mother took me to Italy one year when I was young. I found a spot one morning during sunrise, and it looked as if the whole world were aflame. I could not find that spot again, even the very next day."
"Thank you." Cas takes a step away from Dean, once he realizes how close they're standing. Cas can nearly feel Dean's breath on him. He looks at Dean, almost aching to be closer. He looks past Dean, to a box lying on the floor. “I have something to show you.” He makes the decision while he says it.
"Not much personal space in here, eh?" Dean comments. He makes a half-circle around Cas, rotating so Cas is the one closest to the door. Cas doesn't dare to breathe. Dean takes a step back towards the toilet, Cas leans forwards towards him without realizing it.
Jo hands everyone a plastic fork for the cake. Dean hands one to Castiel, and leaves his arm lying on the table. Castiel puts his own arm right up next to Dean’s. The cake, Castiel decides, is not the best cake he has had in his life. Although little can compare to the food he got the chance to eat in Italy when he was young. But it is sweet and tastes like raspberries, and that is enough.
Dean clears a space on the table by shoving the clutter on to the floor. Sam pours a multi-egg omelette out onto a plate and puts it down on the table. Steam tendrils float up to the ceiling.
Dean ruffles his brother's hair again. While Bobby goes off to get the dog to his bed, Dean's phone buzzes in his pocket.
By lunch time, Castiel’s stomach is empty enough to start hurting on his inhale. He is no longer used to only eating what he packs himself for lunch. His tongue is empty with the want of Roadhouse fries, or sloppy Winchester kitchen sandwiches.
The end of the road comes up with a clearing overlooking the light of the city miles away. Even in the fading sunlight, Dean can see the skyscrapers silhouetted, against the horizon.
Dean trudges his way up the front steps, bathed in the yellow porch light. The snow falling around him makes him glow yellow-gold. Cas follows him up until they're both standing at the front door. Everything is quiet when they stop walking. Dean steps closer to him.
Sam moves his lips but does not make a sound. The sunlight reflects orange and pink on Sam’s glasses. Castiel coughs.
”Cas is so dreamy.” Okay, that’s enough. Dean grabs his phone back, leaving it face up on the table.
”Uh,” Dean stammers, before remembering himself. “Hey Cas. You look, uh, you look good, man.” He gestures to Cas’ tie. Cas doesn’t move to fix it. Dean wants to.
”So, LARPing stands for Live-Action Role Playing. A buncha people, teenagers, young adults, whoever. Everyone gets together and we dress up like, uh, like we’re really in the Kingdom of Moondoor and we’re bein’ invaded or whatever. They have a tournament every year in San Antonio, I used to go all the time when we lived down there. It’s seriously cool, Cas.”
CHAPTER WARNINGS: brief sexuality involving penises, sensuality/romance, mentions of injury. And I guess a general warning for Twilight?
They're out on the main road when there's a sudden glare of headlights that Sam barely catches through the side mirror. It happens in an instant: an eighteen wheeler comes out of nowhere, too fast and too close for comfort. It doesn't see them, just keeps bowling through the dark. Dean sees it at the last second, headlights glaring through the back window, and swerves. Water from a puddle sprays up on the side of the car.
”Fair enough.” Dean feels a yawn rising. Charlie’s shampoo smells vaguely like strawberries. He kisses the top of her head. It isn’t long before she’s breathing slow and evenly.
Well guys... It's been five years since I started this exciting, awful, amazing journey. This is really and truly the final chapter. I have some plans for editing, but the main story is finished. Thank you so much for sticking with me all this time. I'd like to shoutout to Binta for being a loyal friend and reader all these years, and to all of you reading this. Thank you.
“My first wife had health complications a couple years into our marriage,” She says. Dean nods, dumbly. He can’t do this. He can’t fucking do this.
”Thank you, Dean.” Cas manages to croak out, his voice made of sandpaper. He eases himself back down. Everything aches. He watches Dean put the bowl down on the coffee table.
He puts his phone in his lap at the same time he flips open his book. The chapter starts with a letter from Frankenstein's father wishing the scientist well. After a few paragraphs, Dean scoops up his phone and gets as far as
Dean rolls his eyes and goes back to the mirror. “It’s just Cas.” He tells himself again, finally turning away. He takes a deep breath and flicks the bathroom light off on his way out.
"Yeah. Yeah, sure. No problem," Dean checks his watch. "You okay? Are you ready to head back?" He raises his eyebrows again. Castiel draws in a breath slowly, wiping his hands on a paper towel.
”Good morning, Sam.” The woman smiles when she talks. Her eyes look heavy in the same was Castiel’s do.
He figures it's as good a time as any to get ready. His hands shake as he roots through his dresser drawers, not purely from the cold. His mind strays to Jess, sending a jolt of excited electricity through his whole body. Jess' small laugh, and the way she curls her hands into fists when she's excited about something, fill his mind.
Castiel dips two fingers in the cold water and makes the sign of the cross over himself: forehead, stomach, and one shoulder at a time. Sam does the same. The droplet on his forehead glistens in the low light. Castiel takes Sam’s dry hand and holds it in both of his. They take a deep breath at the same time.
is written on the inside. He closes it again; the look he’s getting from Cas tells him he should wait. The CDs are all new, not stolen from thrift store like all his others.
"Yes," He sighs, the steam from his drink curling away from him. "Unfortunately." He adds after a beat.
"Sam," He figures that's as good a place to start as any. "What do you say we head to the Roadhouse? Or Bobby's?" Jo's mom, Ellen, owns the Roadhouse Bar and Grill a few miles down the road that they frequent when their dad is out. "We can give dad time to cool off." Sam nods, more to the book in his lap than to Dean. He'll take it. "Cool. Alright, get a bag. I'll give Bobby a call."
They do, in fact, wind up with stomach-aches after twenty minutes of Bingo. Who knew McCoy could say ‘dammit, Jim!’ so many times? And why are their eyes always orbs?
“Uh, you don't get out much, do you?” Dean asks, in lieu of an answer. He takes a minute to think it over. "Those kids were talking about getting high, dude. Y'know, smoking. Weed, stuff like that." He chuckles. "You're like a big baby in a trenchcoat, aren't you?" Castiel's face heats.
The rest of the clothes are thrown into the basket and put on top of the whirring machine. Dean has to kick it a few times to get it started right. The dials are already set, so he hits start and hip-checks the door shut.
Sam changes quickly, trudging out the door behind Brady. The girls are already ready, standing in a gaggle. The boys stand in a haphazard line, some stretching halfheartedly. One kid does jumping jacks. Brady tries to touch his toes.
Jo and Ash yak on, and Castiel, taking bites of cake, only looks at Dean. Something inside him quivers, like it’s waiting for something. Cas tries to take a deep breath, but his inhale is sharp. Dean’s eyes snap up to his.
On the way back to the Impala, Dean spots Victor on his way out. He manage to make eye contact, but he waves.
“I think that would be very appropriate,” She says after a long silence. Dean lets out a heaving sigh. He closes his eyes.
Thanksgiving weekend sneaks up on everyone, and before Dean knows it, both Ash and Jo are wishing him a happy holidays and leaving with their respective families. Which leaves Sam and Dean alone with John. Dean has plans to waste the whole day sleeping, but after scoring a pre-cooked chicken from the supermarket, Sam insists they give the holiday a shot this year.
The rest of the drive is calm in comparison. The porch light splutters when they drive up, finally giving up and going dark when they reach the front door.
Despite being shrouded by clouds, the sun still manages to seep into the house. The more eggs Sam makes, the brighter the kitchen becomes. When it reaches eight in the morning, Cas excuses himself to go find his inhalers.
Castiel does not respond, only rubs his eyes with the heel of his palms. Blue-green stars burst inside him.
Dean seems to see the board at the same instant Castiel does. They make eye contact, shuffling closer together. Dean gives Castiel a once-over, and Castiel does his best not to stare. They drop their book-bags down at the closest pair of desks, keeping a good two feet between each other. It's the first time Castiel has to study the boy up close, so he takes a moment to look at him: his leather jacket is more worn up close, although Castiel is in no position to judge him for his fashion choices. It looks as if Dean has a perpetual sneer set in his face. A chill runs down Castiel when Dean looks up at him.
He thinks, leaning his back against the side of the building. The brick is sharp on his back. He can't get in a good lungful of air-- too much smoke.
”I get the feeling that you would have liked my friend Anna.” Cas says. “I was twelve when she was fourteen. She was independent, to say the least. I believe she had a record for breaking the most hospital rules in the least amount of time. At least, that is what she told me.
"I can show you the documentary I found if you don't believe me." Ash insists. A groan rises from the other two. Absently, while reaching for half of a sandwich, Dean leans closer to Castiel.
Dean moves. He’s in-between the kitchen table and the couch before John can move half a step towards Sam.
Sir Dean looks up from the table and at the Queen. Her crown is crooked, but her back is as straight as a rod and her eyes are steely. She thinks that the knights should strike at the front, but the Warriors should stay protected near the middle.
Outside the pocket of his bedroom, he hears her voice mix with Castiel's. Sam clambers off his bed to investigate, after hearing the word 'boyfriend' drop from Jess' lips.
Their neighborhood, which is little more than a few sidewalks connecting a handful of mobile homes, is devoid of all company by the time they get back. The stray tabby cat that sometimes saunters around their lot is sitting on their porch when Dean rolls up. The temperature's dropped at least ten degrees since they got in the car, so when Dean opens the front door and the cat tries to push its way in through his legs, he doesn't object. He sneezes a couple of times, but he doesn't object. He's almost glad the heater's so shot.
"Yes," Cas starts coughing again. The door squeaks when Dean opens it, shuffling in to the small bathroom.
A blush creeps up on Cas. He remembers how only a moment earlier had Samandriel’s lips been planted firmly on his own. He remembers just how warm the boy had always been, how comfortable. Castiel remembers feeling very much alive that day.
”Yes, from when we were living in Italy. Although I have no idea how Sam got it in the first place.” Cas glances over to Sam in the kitchen.
Castiel coughs again as he sits down next to Dean. Dean gives him a look, glancing from Castiel’s eyes to his coat pocket.
"Yeah," Dean crinkles his nose, "We ran out of hot chocolate." Cas turns to Dean and gives him a look.
Tonight, he is leaning over paper on his desk, twirling an electric blue pen between his fingers. He pulls phrases out of the air, and ideas from the burrow in his chest. The click of his pen echoes.
”Dean,” Cas starts, sighing all the way down to his stomach. With effort, he picks his head up from around the toilet bowl, and leans more of his weight back against Dean.
It takes a few minutes for the smoke to clear, and a few more for everyone to shut up about it. Jesus, does Dean need that movie marathon. Or at least a good fuck. Something to take his mind off of everything. He scans the room again: there's a cute brunette a few seats away that doesn't look away when he looks her up and down. He smiles. She licks her lips.
Out in the parking lot, he finds Dean leaning back on the hood of the Impala, idly flicking a lighter on and off. The heat makes a small ripple in the air above him, although Dean is more fixated on the flame. Cas stands in silence for a moment, watching his friend's thumb glide back and forth over the safety.
The box is halfway under his bed, so he pulls it out. Dean crouches down beside him, close enough that Cas can feel the heat coming off Dean through his clothes.
Sam fishes out a pack of matches and a box of candles from the drawer and hands them off to Ellen. Cas helps her light them. Dean watches, his eyes fixed on how carefully Cas holds each candle, how meticulously he places it on the cake.
"What, did you finally run out of your own clothes?" Sam asks Cas. Cas looks up from his cup, startled, as if he didn't notice Sam come in.
"Hey, Sammy," Dean puts his hands down on the table and leans on them. His spine pops pleasantly. "You wanna play a round of poker?" Sam's grin could split his face in two.
Sam's glasses, he realises quickly, are fogging up around the edges. He really doesn't care, he just wants to kiss her again. She grabs his hand, squeezing. His hand buzzes at the contact.
He reads for a while, clutching the pages when Johnny pulls his knife on some Socs. Ponyboy is lamenting having to lose his hair just as the doorbell rings across the house. Sam drops the book like it's on fire, nearly leaping off the bed and scrambling to the front door.
Dean sets the flowers down on the cold, grassless earth. Sam stands off behind him, not saying a word. So Dean talks.
There’s an elf standing a few yards away. He has dark skin and, from the looks of it, an offendingly good sword arm. Charlie’s shouting something as she goes in for him. Her Magic beanbag poofs, hitting the elf in the shoulder before plopping to the ground. She keeps whacking away at the elf.
much. I had The Talk with Dean so now I kn--" Sam slams into him and they land with a thud. The phone clatters away. The boys grapple for a few moments, Sam pinning Brady by the shoulders to the blacktop. "Uncle, uncle." Brady sounds more annoyed than defeated. Sam lets up anyway, scooping his phone up. Brady was actually typing the message out; Sam's glad he caught him.
He makes sure to blow on each bite, and even though it doesn’t taste quite as rich with his burnt taste buds, it’s still the absolute best thing he’s eaten in a long time.
“Hey, Ash,” Dean says. His throat is hoarse. Ash sits up, “What’s that joke about the pregnant woman and the duck?” Ash lights up. He dives into the explanation: it was a joke he heard from his brother’s friend at a college party. Jo blows her nose and turns her full attention to Ash. Sam does the same, sitting on the hospital floor cross-legged in front of him. The joke isn’t that good, but it’s something to take everyone’s mind off of, well, everything else. Ash is about to deliver the punchline when he falls silent, staring at a point behind Dean. Dean turns his head around. A tall, unshaven man with a stained grey shirt ambles over.
"Yeah!" Sam smiles. "We started it in school this week, but I always like to read ahead." Dean stops walking at the back end of a boxy, black car.
”Castiel, you really need to talk some manners into this boy! Interrupting a lady while she’s talking, what a cretin!”
"I will take care of the cat." Cas says, already on his feet. He leaves, his coat fluttering out behind him. Jess gives Sam a look, but he just shrugs.
There’s a break from his monologue when Dean arrived at Charlie’s. An hour or so later, Cas continued.
Castiel looks at Sam, who busts out laughing. Castiel chuckles, then leans down to put his cup back on the floor. The world spins. Sam’s laughter is suddenly far away. The android yells on screen, or maybe it’s the young man, or maybe it’s Castiel. Black dots freckle his vision. Sam’s laughter cuts off, and then there is Cas’ name, over and over, the end of a prayer just before the amen.
Castiel laughs, honestly laughs. It is a deep belly laugh that does not dissolve into coughing. He wants to hold it in his chest forever.
Sam leaps up, but Brady is already darting across the parking lot. He barely has time to apologize to Kevin before scrambling after him. The cold whips against his exposed skin, but he's determined.
Bobby is busying himself over the stove, dashing seasoning after seasoning into the soup without bothering to stop for a taste. Dean shifts on his feet, crossing and uncrossing his arms across his chest. His hands start to shake again.
“Ah, fuck, Dean!” The brunette tangles her fingers through his hair as he thrust his hips forward. He bites down on his bottom lip, feeling the familiar clench in his lower stomach; he's close. He digs his nails into her shoulder and his hips arch up of their own accord. He thrusts back again, and she lets out a whine, forcing their lips together messily. Her hands is between her legs, rubbing herself jerkily, muttering his name into his shoulder. He comes hard with a shudder through his spine, and she follows soon after.
“Uh. Okay. We can do that,” Dean stammers, “Or uh, not do that. Yeah. Okay. Can I still, uh, touch you? With my hands?” He winces, and Castiel chuckles. Dean is probably kicking himself for his less-than-eloquent word choice.
Dean Winchester is not a morning person. Neither could you really consider him a mid-morning, noontime, or mid-afternoon person. He's more of a swell-of-the-evening type of person, when the sun dips just below the horizon and paints the sky every shade of red and gold. Sometimes, he likes to look up at the stars staring back at him. It makes him realize how entirely insignificant he is. But that's okay, really.
The funeral is close to an actual church service, Dean discovers. Pastor Jim stands at the podium reading passages from different parts of the big red Bible in front of him. He talks about God and about Heaven and about eternal pastures. Dean shifts in his seat. He’s never been good at this. The church itself is nice, though. Tall pillars on each side, the ceiling painted like the sky. Flowers bouquets everywhere, in preparation for today. The Mother Mary has rosaries bleeding down her front, shiny against her white marble chest. Up front, the casket is closed, with a bouquet of blue and white arranged on top. Some of the flowers are cloth, ones Dean and Sam and Adra can pluck out before they put Castiel in the ground.
Dean snaps to attention, forgetting the stinging at the back of his eyes and the raw feeling in his throat in an instant. John half-heartedly kicks his shoes off, barely giving Dean a passing glance. He sniffs, tugging his jacket and almost composing himself before heading into the dining room. Bobby stops him just before he reaches the other side of the kitchen.
The shot glasses on the counter glisten. Castiel’s heart wrings itself out as he reaches forward to take his shot. Dean is standing a couple of feet away from him, a glint in his eye. He grins at Cas.
"Yeah, I did," Dean huffs, "But--" he stops. He doesn't have any excuse, much less a good one. "Just drop it, Sammy."
Dean shifts on his feet, adjusting the chewed up handle in his fist. Quietly, the thing in the box shifts, then settles lazily against one side. With his free hand, Dean knocks. He sniffs. The door is a familiar dark blue, with a peephole between two of the indented panels. A moment passes, and it opens. Adra smiles at Dean. She’s in a white t-shirt and a faded pair of jeans, and her hair is loose in a low ponytail. Her shirt has a smudge of deep red paint on it. It’s the most casual Dean’s ever seen her. He takes a second to blink before following her inside.
”And then there were four,” Sam whispers ominously. The clink of John’s wedding ring against his now empty can of beer echoes. John finishes his drink and leaves the room. Sam gives Dean a grimace before burying himself in his new books.
“Cas was one of my best friends,” Jo says through a watery smile, “one of the best fucking people I’ll ever know.” Adra nods. Jo asks her how she’s doing and she purses her lips. Jo laughs and apologizes for the bad question. Dean is next. Jo draws him into a slow, tight hug. They don’t say a word, but they don’t have to. She presses a kiss into his hair. She ruffles Sam’s hair and hugs him, too. Ash gives them all bear hugs. He’s braided the long half of his mullet back. He looks like he wants to make a joke when he reaches Dean, but he doesn’t.
She leans into his shoulder. He wishes the moment could last forever. Unfortunately, it only takes another moment before all hell breaks loose.
The obnoxious chime of the school bell smashes into his thoughts. He hardly remembers to grab his bag before leaving.
“He got me from school,” Sam says. Oh. Oh. Dean looks at John, who’s biting at a hangnail on his thumb and not looking at either of them.
, also in Sharpie, shines on the outside of the lighter. Castiel flicks it a couple of times, watching the flame splutter to life. The cigarette between his middle two fingers feels heavy. He lights it. The smoke hits his lungs, and they're both warmed and cooled at the same time. The back of his tongue stings, a warm and familiar sensation. All the tension in his stomach melts away. Smoke curls up to the ceiling; Castiel watches it drift lazily closer to the fan before disappearing. Ashes fall onto his coat and smolders orange before Cas wipes it away. It leaves a black streak near the pocket.
Dean drops himself diagonal to Castiel, nodding to Jo and tossing his smushed sandwich onto the pile of food. Ash, mouth already stuffed full of Doritos, gives Cas a one-armed hug and adds in a couple bags of chips.
Dean wrings out the towel in his hands, although it’s nearly bone dry by now. He stares at himself hard in the mirror: he has a rounder face than Cas’, with a fresh shaving nick just below his jaw. His eyes are wide and they look heavy, like he hasn’t been sleeping. He runs a hand through his hair for the thousandth time that evening.
Cas' feet start to feel prickly in the cold. As steadily as he can, he rushes to the door. Warm air from the kitchen hits his face and his whole body starts to tingle. He rubs his hands together and puffs air into them, hoping they will warm up soon. Hopping on the balls of his feet to try to get his blood pumping, Cas looks over to the island. His mother left a head of lettuce out on the counter, but that isn't what catches his eye: his phone is face-up on the counter, lighting up.
"Well," he clears his throat. Dean puts the car in drive, trying to focus on the road and now how deep Cas' voice is. "We usually have Thanksgiving with our pastor, but he was unavailable, and my mother has to work tonight." There's a dirt road ahead that Cas tells him to turn onto. The trees glow gold in the late afternoon sun.
“I’ve been thinking about a tattoo,” Dean admits, leaning away from Adra. It’s been more than thinking. Adra blinks and nods him on. Dean’s chest tightens, “Uh. For Castiel. I really like going through Eden and like, seeing all the work he put in. He used to say Eden would outlast him, you know? And I want to immortalize that.”
The heat makes him shift uncomfortably; it's growing close to the point where he'll have to take his coat off. Inside, he cringes.
“Shut up!" Sam sticks his tongue out. "She's tall, and really nice, and she likes animals. Oh! And she likes art, I've seen her name on a lot of the stuff outside the art room.” He answers more confidently. Dean stares at him for a minute before laughing.
”Would you rather do Zachary Quinto or Natalie Dormer? Lesbianism notwithstanding.” Dean asks, staring up at the ceiling. Charlie’s tucked her head into Dean’s neck. Her hair tickles.
Castiel. Castiel is inside this pale coffin of a building. It doesn’t seem possible. Dean halts with one foot on a stair and one on the ground. Sam bumps into him. Adra turns around. She has the same downturned eyes that Castiel does. Did. But hers sink in her head and are grey like the clouds looming above them. She holds out her hand. Dean sighs all the way down in his stomach. He wants to run. He steps up and takes her slender, veiny hand.
While Castiel appreciates the repose the silence gives him, he never feels right keeping his prayers silent. His mother once told him that prayers should be spoken so they have time to resonate. He always thought prayer felt more like spilling paint onto a canvas: leading it where it's meant to go. His first prayer tonight is the Our Father, a familiar hum against his lips. His own prayer follows.
Question for my readers: do the texting conversations take away from the story, or do you like them? Let me know! Shoot me a message or a tumblr ask (dragongem.tumblr.com)
She does. She plates two burgers for Castiel and one burger for her, each one with onion, pickles, ketchup, two slices of American cheese, and a glass of water for each of them. The seat next to Castiel is empty; she takes it. She has on a loose red tie.
He pauses, glancing at the clock and shutting his eyes. It's nearly three in the morning. Even with his eyes resting closed, and he can feel the moonlight drifting into his room lazily, as though it knows how readily it will be welcomed and takes its time arriving. Castiel decides to greet it properly, opening his eyes to flick off his desk lamp. He turns towards the window, squinting through the new-found darkness.
Castiel is sure of one thing: Dean Winchester is going to kill him. Not the way his lungs are going to kill him, but the way Cas loses his breath whenever Dean steals a kiss is definitely, definitely doing something.
, Princess Leia bounds down the stairs to give Dean big, slobbery kisses. Dean barely has time to drop his bag before Leia’s covering his face with her tongue and wagging her tail hard enough for her butt to fall off.
“Shut up, Dean. I know you’re going to say I’m sorry for myself, so I’m telling you to shut up now. Dean… Dean. I need you.” Castiel’s eyes are wet. “I need you.”
The doctors call out some numbers and then one of them announces the time of death, 11:43 am. Dean clutches his brother.  At some point, they take Cas’ body away. Adra goes with the doctors. Dean follows the gurney with his eyes; they get to the end of the hallway and make a left, and then they’re gone. Dean peels himself off Sam and stumbles into a chair nearby. The rest of them-- Dean’s
It takes all of an hour for Sam to fall asleep, slumping down on to Dean like a rag doll. Carefully, the two lucid boys take Sam's glasses off. Dean leads Sam back to his bedroom, the younger brother stumbling along behind. Cas' stomach twists uncomfortable; he tries to rub his eyes like he's tired, but they spring back open. The clock reads 12:07 AM.
”What’s all this?” Dean strolls over to Sam, who’s tied his hair back in a loose ponytail and is wearing a stained “Kiss the Cook” apron.
Bad Fic Bingo is a game the two of them started playing when they were about twelve and just discovering the perils of fanfiction. As they had soon discovered, finding quality fanfic is anything but easy, so they decided to make a game out of it.
”Not so little any more, he’s startin’ high school next fall, and I think he’s almost taller than me.”
”Now put your hand on my shoulder.” Dean instructs. Cas does. Dean takes Cas’ other hand in his and holds it up. Cas’ skin is smooth where Dean’s has callouses. Cas’ fingers are cold. It doesn’t register to Dean how close they are until he feels Cas’ stomach rise and fall with his breathing. Smaller breaths then Dean would expect. Nerves, he guesses.
Dean looks over to the worn leather wallet on the counter, then back at Sam. Sam's smile is worth it.
“That was Dean,” Castiel says. Adra stops cooking, her shoulders tensing under her shirt. She turns the heat down and looks at Castiel.
"If you don't mind my asking, what do you think of it so far?" Castiel tilts his head to the side. Something shifts uncomfortably in his throat. He ignores it. "I think it's interesting how--" Nope. His throat, he coughs heavily. It doesn't help. He keeps coughing. He stands on shaky legs, tucking his chin into his elbow. His face is heating up. If the chair topples over on his way out, he doesn't know it.
His heart is up in his mouth as he puts the phone up to his ear. It rings once. Twice. Dean is pretty sure he's going to actually be sick. What a waste of Bobby's--
”You’re the best.” It still doesn’t feel like enough. He feels the heat coming off of Cas through his shirt. But he shrugs the feeling off. “Sam’s next, then?”
Sam waves him a goodbye when they get to the school, a couple of his friends already waiting on the front steps for him. Dropping Sam off at the middle school is the only reason Dean gets up so early in the morning. He doesn't bother much with his own classes, he usually takes a smoke break out by the Seven-Eleven before sauntering into Shop halfway through the lesson. When Sam is too sick to get out of bed, Dean doesn't show up at all. The teachers hardly expect anything more from him.
Outside, Dean strips his jacket off and leaves it on the fountain edge. It’s a warm day. Castiel’s binder is full of the generations of Eden, starting with a handful of potted flowers from Walmart that Cas paid for with his allowance. They didn’t last more than a season, according to Cas’ scrawled handwriting. He wrote in all caps even back then, but it was much less legible. After a few seasons, it seems Cas got the hang of what was likely to grow and what wasn’t, occasionally interspersing an experimental plant or flower.
The smell of burning lingers in his nose, bringing him back to the bacon and eggs he made earlier this morning. He hadn't made breakfast in months, but with Sam out of commission until they were about to leave, it had been up to Dean. They didn't turn out too terrible, he thought. Dean could scrape most of the burnt bits off.
”Really, though, how could Bella fall for someone like that?” Dean mutters to Cas, who’s watching Bella’s mom tell her a lie about falling through a window. Dean puts on his deepest, most dramatic voice. “Ooh, I’m Mr. Watches You While You Sleep, I’ll never leave your side. Literally! I’m gonna put you in dangerous situations and give you no alternatives to escape! How fucking romantic! Give me a break.” Cas chuckles, and Dean feels it all the way down his side. He doesn’t notice his arm around Cas’ shoulder until now.
"Can Cas help me?" Sam swivels around from Dean to Cas, who's petting the cat calmly. Gabe is rumbling. Jess is looking like she has a zillion questions she can't ask.
before, it reminds him of Charlie’s elderly aunt that he met once. But the way Cas breathes out ‘oh, darling.’ before pulling Dean in by the collar, well, Dean doesn’t want to be called anything else.
"The drive started at six. They wanted an early start, you know how hospitals are always short on blood."
The pastor goes off to greet another family. Adra turns to the boys. “Would you like to spend some time here, or should we get going?” Sam’s about to say he’d like to leave, but Cas is already agreeing to stay for a few minutes. He gestures for Sam to follow him.
“John,” Dean says, “Dad,” John stops a few seats away from the group. His eyes are grey, he stinks of cigarette smoke. Dean steels, “What are you doing here?” Sam tugs Dean’s pant leg, and Dean feels eight years old again and he and Sammy are stuck in a hotel room, hungry.
It’s probably not the smartest idea for Dean to let out a loud yell when he’s trying to sneak up on someone. It earns him two beanbags in the back, right where he’s already aching. He goes down to his knees.
“Yeah,” Dean murmurs, pressing his lips into Cas’ hair. “I’m sorry, dude. Cas.” He moves to sit down, keeping his arms around Cas. Rage kicks in his chest, but he swallows it. Cas coughs, and it echoes in Dean’s lungs. Dean rubs circles on Cas’ neck. “Uh, what, what do you need? What can I do?”
“Hey Dad.” Dean's voice is quiet, trying not to disturb John as he scrubs his face with his hands. There's a grunt in response. Dean looks over to his little brother, the corners of his mouth twitching up. “How was work?” John works full time as a mechanic across town, one of the better jobs he's gotten in the past few years.
It turns out to be a much longer, more complicated story than Dean anticipates. But he’s hanging on every word. He winds up laughing until he nearly hurts his back again. His pocket feels heavier than ever.
“Is this charades? 'Cause Sammy, you suck.” Dean grins. “Are you tryin' to woo Jess or somethin'? Just mention you're my brother, that'll get her going.” A wad of paper hits him in the head. “Okay, fine. What kind of lady is she?” Sam scrunches up his face, trying to remember.
One of the lights on the chandelier flickers. Spoons clink against the bottom of bowls. Dean stares at John pop open a beer can.
The storm is at it's peak when Dean rolls up Castiel's driveway. Adra's car is missing, so Castiel can only hope she left the door unlocked. The brothers give him a look as he dashes up the three front steps. Thankfully, the door is unlocked.
The gift is solid. He doesn't spend as much time unwrapping it as Castiel would have, he goes right in to tear the paper off. Beneath the paper is a painting, with Jess' signature in the corner: a tiny wooden cabin covered in snow. There are people out in the yard, that look suspiciously similar to their friends. Painting Jess and Painting Sam are wrapping a scarf around a snowman's neck, while Painting Brady and Painting Kevin are lining up snowballs to shoot at their heads. Jess' style is pretty non-detailed, and some places are lumpier with paint than others. But, still,
There’s a longstanding Winchester-Harvelle tradition that starts after school on anyone’s birthday. Everyone crowds around in the Winchester’s tiny kitchen, with the birthday kid sitting at the head of the table. This year, Cas tagged along, too. Ellen carries in a small, homemade cake and sets it down in front of Dean. Jo punches him in the shoulder.
“But the creature he creates, man. What a guy. He’s not a typical man, he’s made of odds and ends of a lot of different dead people, sure. He’s kind of an angry zombie. But really strong, like, unexpectedly strong. And this creature is mega-smart, like reads classics for fun kind of smart. He’s kind as hell but people don’t like him. People are cruel, you know, like, we’re cruel about the good things we don’t understand. The creature isn’t angry at them, though, he’s angry ‘cause God doesn’t love him. Victor. The creature doesn’t really care about the other people, but Victor? He wants Victor to love him. He deserves Victor’s love. And like, why be a parent if you can’t love your kid unconditionally, right?
Cas straightens up, looking directly at Ash. “My apologies. But I am back now.” He looks over at Dean, who is staring at the potluck pile. Ash looks between the two of them.
Most of the boxes are full of tangled strings of lights, or more Christmas-themed clothing that hasn't been touched in years. Everything smells like pine and cinnamon when removed from the boxes. Dean hums while he unpacks, trying to untangle the lights enough to find the plug end. The next box that Sam opens contains ornaments, most handmade with Sam or Dean's stuck names on them in glitter glue.
Eventually, Cas gets a call from Adra that he needs to head home. Before he leaves, he pulls Sam aside to ask him something that Dean doesn’t quite catch. Dean drives Cas back home, chatting all the way. He feels like they’ll never run out of things to say.
”You know what? You get it.” Sam declares. “I don’t know what exactly it is, but you get it, Cas. You understand that thing about life.”
Yeah," Dean sounds far away. There's some shuffling and some background static through the phone line. "Hey, Cas, buddy, I've got to go, my shift is starting." Oh. Something akin to disappointment tugs at Castiel's navel.
The exit to the parking lot seems a lot farther away than Dean thinks it should be. He stares at one of the white paint lines, not really looking at it.
He can't help but grin. He shouts back that he'll be ready in a minute, tacking on the nickname his brother hates so much. His grin only widens when he hears the familiar response of “It's Sam, not Sammy!”
The movie plays. Dean and Cas’ legs are touching from him to knee and Dean doesn’t feel nearly close enough. he watches the movie idly, every once in a while leaning over to make a quip in Cas’ ear. When it comes time for Broody McHotness Edward and Cardboard Lady Bella to begin their torrid love affair, Dean can feel Sam inching forward on his half of the couch.
“It’s fine, Sam,” Cas says. He gives Sam a long look. Sam rubs one of his eyes with the heel of his hand. “Sam,” Castiel breathes, “I would like you to pray with me.”
There is a small bird at the foot of a tree near the back gate, lying still. Castiel covers it in flowers. Thunder rolls through the clouds above him. A shiver runs through Castiel, so he buttons his coat with shaking fingers. He tries to scoop a few leaves out of the fountain, but his hands ache with cold.
Much like Dean’s dresser back home, Charlie’s dresser has tons of photos stuck on it. The first one Dean spots is one of him and Charlie, with Charlie up on his shoulders waving a rainbow flag above her head. Last year’s Pride.
"Dad isn't even here!" The silence that follows proves it true enough. Dean huffs, rubbing his fingers together like he's trying to hold something that isn't there.
Cas pauses, considering the red-faced, shaky Dean in front of him. He considers the weight looming in his chest, the way he feels
As it turns out, Dean and Cas are already awake. The two boys are curled up next to each other on the couch, blankets upon blankets covering them. They've both got steaming mugs in their hands. Cas looks paler than usual, and he's wearing Dean's old AC/DC shirt underneath his coat.
Castiel, standing with Dean at the Winchester’s Christmas tree. While Dean sips a soda and glints at the camera, Castiel fixes Dean with a stare. Castiel is open-mouthed and red faced, looking like Dean is someone he cherishes. Worships. Loves. Dean reaches out and touches the photograph. It sticks to the pads of his fingers. Castiel loved him, then. Castiel loved him. Castiel loved him.
Jo comes on stage as he slides back into his seat. Even so close to the stage, Cas has to do a double take. Her hair is pinned in tight curls, stuck together with a blue netted thing with beads dangling from it. She has on a dress that’s shimmering blue, off the shoulder, and short white gloves that she sets out the sheet music with. Then, she plays.
Dean takes his hand. It’s cold. Castiel twines their fingers together. Dean brings them up to his mouth and blows hot air on both of them.
Castiel lowers himself back onto the bed. He puts his inhaler on top of the book, lest he need it again. Dean positions himself over Castiel again, but lower, so his mouth is parallel with the bright scar climbing Castiel’s hipbone. Dean’s breath is warm over Cas’ damaged skin. He kisses a long, slow line from the top of Cas’ hip to the edge of his pants. Cas takes the hint and shimmies out of them, leaving only his blue boxers and the cool night air between them. Dean kisses down the sharp line of Cas’ hips, tonguing at Cas’ scar a little more until Cas bucks his hips against Dean’s throat.
"No." Castiel squints at the boy. Dean leans back, giving Castiel room to breathe. "Thank you, though." He adds.
"Hey, it's almost the New Year, do you want to call your mom?" He asks his friend. Cas thinks for a moment.
. Dean thinks anything ‘D Novak’ sounds like it belongs in his mouth. Not that he’d tell Sam that in a million years.
Castiel is slinging his backpack over his shoulder when Sam comes back, his books tucked neatly into a plastic bag. With a nod to Dean, they head out.
There’s a woman with graying hair and a red scarf sitting in the front seat. It’s been a while since Sam’s seen anyone but Dean next to Cas in the car.
“God,” Cas huffs. Dean sticks his tongue between his teeth and pulls harder, squeezes, and Cas bucks into his hand. Dean grins. Cas whines. Dean tugs him faster, leans down and places kisses on Cas’ inner thighs. He rubs Cas’ balls with one hand and his dick with the other. Cas wants to cry.
When the bell rings for them to get back to class, Castiel is struck with the feeling of not wanting to leave. His cheeks are nearly straining with how much he's smiled throughout the single lunch period.
places,” he remarks, smirking. “Yeah, just shut up and eat it, kiddo.” He mocks, in a voice that sounds more like his father than he wants to admit.
“Bobby,” Dean says. He’s stripped down to his undershirt, a thin black that does nothing to keep out the cold growing up around the rain. Bobby looks up at him, his face half-obscured by the lamp pouring over his book. Dean swallows the lump in his throat, “Does it always hurt this much?” Bobby opens his mouth a fraction. He pushes his glasses up.
He taps his pen against his chin in a rhythm, like the steady pulse through his veins. Eventually, the pen lands itself between his lips and he bites the end to keep it from falling. Without thinking, he sucks lightly on the end of the pen and inhales, expecting his mouth to fill with smoke. Instead of the nicotine tang, he's greeted with cheap plastic and a violent cough.
Another multimedia message, but this time it's a video. While it loads, Cas leaves his phone and goes up to grab his textbooks. His muscles are smarting by the time he's climbed up the stairs and pulled himself through the trapdoor. The room itself is bleak. Shaking out his arms, Castiel unlatches one of the windows and pushes it open, a breeze washing over him. He takes his textbooks and the week-old hot chocolate mug off the desk and down to the kitchen with him.
He keeps humming, and Castiel doesn’t say anything else. Dean thinks about it. John had barely spoken for a week after they put Dean’s mom in the ground. Dean thinks it started then. Something to fill the silence.
“Dean. We are… in the middle of something,” Adra says uncertainly. Castiel can see his mother’s hand clench and unclench as she decides what to do. She looks back at Castiel. Cas nods minutely, “But it can wait. Come in, boys. ”
“Okay,” The man says. He clears his throat, “Down the hall to the left is a room for family members, if anyone needs to step out for a little while. You should find water bottles and snacks there, as well. Bathrooms are to the right,” He looks to Adra, “Are you ready?” He holds out his arm. Adra looks to Dean. Dean nods a fraction. They go in.
When they realize the projector is totally shot, everyone is handed a copy of Frankenstein and told to read until the end of class.
Hours drip past quicker than Cas can process. He plays through several games of chess with Sam. Dean stays with them through the first two, until he decides he's too utterly bored to carry on. After lunch, Cas finds Dean in his room, putzing around on his laptop.
soft? He has some sharp sleep lines under his bottom lids, but his laugh lines are just as visible. Shit.
The church melts into applause. A woman in the front row wipes her eyes. Sam watches Castiel practically melt back into his seat, as if something big and heavy has been washed from him. Sam wonders who it is he’s texting, the next time Cas pulls out his phone.
Sam wipes his hands with a paper towel. Dean pockets his phone and goes to help stack the dishes up into the cabinet. As he's putting the last one away, Dean hears a whine at the door. Bobby, having just finished scraping some black grime off the bottom of a frying pan, goes to open to door. Rummy bolts through a second before Bobby can get his hand around the doorknob, swinging his dripping tail and leaving muddy paw prints in his wake.
”Uh,” is all Dean says. In truth, Castiel and Dean had been passing notes back and forth the entire time she was making her announcements.
He isn't sure if the rest of the class goes by fast or slow. He twirls the pen between his fingers, the way he's seen drummers with their drumsticks do, careful not to bring it to his lips again. As the bell is ringing, the teacher gives him a worried look.
There are half a dozen like posters around the room, animals and brightly-colored, if not generic, phrases. He takes another look at Dean, who's chatting idly with a greasy-haired young boy at the same table. Dean looks up at Castiel. Castiel curses and goes back to staring at the walls.
Castiel is positively radiating warmth beside him. Jesus H. Christ, are Dean’s fingers itching to rest on Castiel’s thigh. And maybe to slide up slowly to reach his--
”You got here okay?” She asks, holding him back at arm’s length. Neither of them can stop grinning long enough to say a whole lot.
"What sort of shit?" Cas asks, helping Dean set his bag down at the island. Dean shoves the stack of papers his way: notes from his English class, Cas notices, covered in green pen marks. He leaves the notes on the island for later. Dean shifts closer to Cas.
The phone line drops and Castiel is once again left alone. He rests his phone in his lap. A cart with a squeaky wheel rolls by outside his door. The television screen is still heavily static. Castiel leans back into the lumpy pillows, thinking about nothing but Dean: the boy is standing in the middle of his mind, making himself comfortable like he was meant to be there. Castiel nearly picks up his phone again to call Dean back, if just to hear him talk. He pauses.
He he gives in to them, swiping his tongue along his lips before his voice carries them out; "between the synapses and ligaments is where the facts lie." His voice is rough and small, getting swallowed up by the silence soon after. The memory rings an echo in his ears.
“You idjits be safe, alright?” He looks more towards Dean, who's twirling his keys around his finger.
The next shirt Castiel picks up is a blue and brown sweater vest that's always been a little too big for him. He folds it anyway and places it on top of his bag. His hands shake and his stomach cramps and squeezes. He coughs heavily.
Trucks zoom by on the highway behind them. The neighbor kids laugh and screech and chase each other around the yard. The wind whistles through the trees.There’s no way he heard Castiel right. There’s no fucking way.
The Legos in the heater rattle around as Dean speeds off down the road. Sam keeps rubbing his hands together, huffing. The engine makes a scraping sound when Dean rounds a corner a little too fast.
”Seriously, Cas, riddle me this.” Dean starts. They’re very close together, so close that Dean barely has to raise his voice, although he really wants to. “How does everyone in movies know how to dance?”
Castiel stumbles after jumping through the trap door; he has to freeze to collect himself before carrying on. It isn't until he gets to the bathroom near the stairs that he notices just how acrid the cigarette made him smell. He tries not to look at himself in the mirror, grabbing both his red and blue inhalers and a couple of his pill bottles out of the medicine cabinet. But he pauses, just before he walks out the door. The railing next to the toilet gleams in the florescent light. Castiel's hands shake. He wonders what Dean would think.
Someone calls for Ru, an old woman with long white-grey dreadlocks. Ru gives Cas a quick, one-arm hug and goes to his grandmother. They talk for a minute and Grandmomma gives Cas a smile.
"I used to smoke as well." Castiel feels relief like a block of ice melting through his bloodstream, settling down at the bottom of his lungs.
Adra’s hair is down. As they pass through the doors, it wafts behind her. Dean wonders if Mary would’ve had hair like Adra’s, shiny and curly even as it greys.
Bobby comes by, beard trimmed and his person decked in a loose black flannel. He’s left his hat off, so his bald spot shines. He spends a long time kneeled by Castiel, and when he comes up Dean swears his eyes are wet for an instant before he blinks it away. Bobby gives Adra a hug, which surprises everyone in line except Adra. She hugs him back, loose but familiar. They murmur together for a few moments before Bobby turns towards Dean.
The garage is a poorly lit room with a concrete floor that seeps cold through Dean’s shoes no matter what time of year it is. Rain drums the roof. An old radio sits in the corner, it’s antenna sticking up at a precise angle, perfectly functional but turned off. On one side of the garage is a variety of wheels, bolts, other tools one might need to fix up a car. Dean parked the Impala on the other side of the garage that has garden shears, a rake, a wheelbarrow, and some mulch growing old in the corner. Things Bobby’s wife left behind before she died, that Bobby hadn’t the energy to box away. It smells like Eden. Sweat gleans down Dean’s back. There’s a crowbar near one of the Impala’s wheels, almost completely under the car. Dean grits his teeth and slides the crowbar out from where it’s been tucked away.
”You want me to go so bad, Sammy, you can drive,” Dean says, laughing through another bite. He just misses a glob of dish soap landing on his plate.
The Singer auto shop is a rusted out black hole where cars go to rot. Dean circles the two-story blue house, pulling around to the backyard, where the junkers sit and collect dust. Dean pulls up near the back door, turns off his headlights.  The rain hasn’t reached here yet, although it’s close, judging by the the sky blanketed in grey.
“Okay, okay.” Ellen says, “I think we’ve spoiled Jo enough.” She fishes a cigarette out of her pocket and tucks it behind her ear. Jo’s shoulders drop. Castiel hadn’t realized they were so tight. Oops. “This is cause for celebration! Burgers and fries, on me!”
2021 UPDATE - Hi yall! I've decided to revamp this fic with a second draft of sorts. You can read it on my page titled "65 Roses". That said, you're welcome to read this one too! Whatever floats your goat. Enjoy!
he asks silently, rolling his eyes at himself. He goes through his mental checklist, grinding his teeth a little harder the further down he gets:
Being shirtless in front of Dean Winchester is a much different experience when Dean himself is also sans shirt. Dean is not lean, Cas notices, possessing a very square figure. He has more than a few scars littering his chest and abdomen. Absently, Cas rubs a spot across his own lower stomach.
“Actually,” Jess says, her voice more alive than it had been all phonecall, “I was gonna stay after for an art project. Do you mind if I bring some paints over?”
into the CD slot. He makes a place for the envelope on his dresser, on top of the rapidly growing pile of letters from Charlie. Dean hits the CD player again, and the music finally starts.
"No problem at all." He nods slightly towards the book in front of Castiel. "So," he takes the seat across from Castiel, his shoulders dropping just enough for Castiel to register it. "How far have you read?" Castiel answers with a quick summary of the last part he remembers: the scene of Frankenstein's youngest brother's funeral. "Same here." Dean nods. A question bubbles up at the back of Castiel's throat.
Hey before you read this chapter I want you to take a deep breath, go pet a cat, draw a picture... Call a medical practitioner cause your heart's about to get ripped out :)
"Sam," Cas closes his his journal and gestures for Sam to sit beside him. "Your friend went to get your Christmas present." Sam takes the seat next to him.
Castiel knows the moment Dean registers his tattoo, because he goes from an animal sort of hungry to a soft if confused sort of wonder. His mouth is slightly parted.
The kitchen lights are fading in the evening, and the chandelier giving off fluorescent light is up up up high. Adra and Dean both mirror’s Cas’ small steps into the kitchen, holding an elbow out for him should he need it.
He remembers the paper from earlier, resting up against his painkillers. He takes both out. Unfolding the paper is a slow process, even though he knows he shouldn't expect any change. The scrawling of blue ink is all the same, revealing to him poem he wrote earlier this morning. The bottom of the page, however, contains green ink in a handwriting he doesn't recognize. A ten-digit phone number, followed by only six words:
The skin of Dean’s hands are rough, but he works the condom down quickly, leaving a pinch of space at the top. Then he squeezes, and pumps. Castiel marvels at Dean’s hands; his silver ring shining and the light bruises all but disappeared in the dim lamplight. Dean rubs Cas’ dick down with both hands and back up, working in rhythm. He thumbs Cas’ head, and pumps faster. Cas breathes small, shallow huffs.
Kicking a couple pillows off to the side, Dean pushes his bedroom door open. It's not as clean as he thought it would be: the sheets that usually bunch up at the foot of his bed are thrown across the floor, following the pillows and some pizza crusts. A pair of muddy boots sits on the mattress. Unopened text books are used as a coaster for empty beer cans. And as usual, his dresser has clothes hanging off it like it's a coat rack. A crooked
Chapter warnings: hospitals and mentions of IVs, drowning and related panic, conversations of death, terminal illnesses, violence, smoking, allusions to grief and loss, brief and mild sensuality.
Standing behind the rocking chair, Castiel moves the pawn closest to the queen out a single space, setting it down slowly, deliberately. The rain is a light patter on the roof three stories above him. Closer, he hears the water simmering away on the stove.
”So, Dean,” Cas starts, moving some clothes off of Dean’s bed before taking a seat. “Did you have a good birthday?”
Dean helps him through quite a few more spoonfuls of warm, brothy soup. Cas feels the heat soil in his stomach. Achingly, he opens his eyes. His vision is blurred in the bright light. The first-- the only thing he sees is Dean. Dean, kneeling down beside the couch, a soup bowl in one hand and a spoon in the other. He is watching Castiel, his lips parted and his cheeks a slight pink. Dean drops the spoon back into the bowl and raises his thumb to Cas’ cheekbone, wandering from cheek to jawline and back. His skin is refreshingly cool.
"I would love to." He clears a space on the counter for Sam's ingredients, brushing away a handful of crumbs.
”Your date.” Sam looks up from the recipe book and makes a motion towards the table. Oh. Dean turns.
”C’mon, baby, don’t be like that.” He coaxes the car, running his palms up and down the steering wheel.
”Charlie! Dean!” Ruby hugs both of them, careful not to get her apron caught in the chainmail. “It’s so good to see you!” She takes a look at Gilda. “And who’s this?”
The rain is much quieter in the three-story house than it is in a tiny metal car. Through the rain-streaked glass of the front door, he watches the headlights disappear, and he's left alone.
”I admit I haven’t been thinking about it much,” Cas answers, glancing down at the flowers in his lap.
“So, what did you think? Of the book, I mean.” Dean asks. They're back at their table, sitting across from one another.
"No, I'm good, thanks though." Dean chuckles again. "But things have been... Well, things have been."
"Yeah," Dean gestures vaguely to the boy in question. "He's-- I mean, he's been... An' I can't..." more vague gestures. "N' I can't help him."
John stumbles in, nodding to Ellen with a beer in hand. She pops it open and takes a swig. He hands Dean a cream soda, and he must have gotten it on the way home from work since it’s still cold.
"It's fine," Jace rolls her eyes, "You okay today?" Her tone is sweet and it doesn't suit her. Dean feels himself bristle.
"One time!" Ash defends, making a broad flourish of his hand. He accidentally tosses a chip across the table, hitting Jo in the forehead. Everyone laughs, even Castiel.
"Hey," Dean's tone is warning. He puts the phone up to his ear. Faintly, Castiel hears the dial tone, and then a ring. He doesn't listen for very long, though, since his own phone is ringing in his pocket.
"Oh, gross, Dean!" Sam wrinkles his nose. "At least help me set the table before you dive in." Dean grumbles something that Cas doesn't catch, and he's not sure he would want to.
There is a bitter, angry reply right behind Cas’ teeth. He can feel it, hot and salty, waiting for him to open his mouth and shout.
”Nah,” Dean says, leaning back on his hands. It takes some of the pressure off his back. The hair from his wig falls over his shoulder; he wonders if this is how Sam’s head feels all the time. “The royal family and I go way back, but I live a few hours away. It was big for me to even get to come here.”
“Don't you worry about that, Sammy," Dean assures him. "Worryin' is my job. I'll give someone a call after school.”
The warm steam of his cocoa curls up to the ceiling. His chest feels tight, as if a large part of himself has been thrown far away and he can't bring himself to go and find it. He tries not to think about his mother, now probably standing alone in the kitchen with a cold mug of cocoa. Instead, he fixes his gaze on his desk: the surface is littered with empty sheets of paper, and more than a dozen blue pens. The blank white sheets stare at him mockingly, he stares right back.
”Hang on, Cas. I’m not done yet,” Sam smiles. “Anyway, flash forward to Dean’s birthday this year. I’m flipping through the paper, like I do, and guess what I see?” Cas raises his eyebrows. “An article. Seventeen-year-old Megara Masters, given a full ride to some nursing program out in Cali. That night at the bus station, she had told me she was gonna find her cause and serve it. And I guess she did.” Meg’s eyes had been green.
“It was good. Everyone loves Frankenstein,” He tries to keep his tone bright, but his eyes lack the normal glitter of excitement. Maybe it's the flowers laying in his lap. Or how tight Dean's grip on the steering wheel is. “Dean...”
Castiel traces his fingertips over the middle of the board, familiar and cool. White marble pieces stand at attention in front of the rocking chair, while black stand with the armchair. Underneath each piece are letters, carved expertly into the marble:
Before he knows it, he's toppling forward and everything is shocked with icy cold water. He feels like he's been slapped. Cold. Silence. Shock. Water in his mouth, his throat. Freezing. Water from the fountain. Cas' hands and elbows have all feeling sucked out of them.
“I know." Dean hears footsteps outside. "Hey, Bobby, I got to go.” He doesn't wait for his uncle to reply, just clicks the phone shut. Sometimes inside him uncoils. He swallows, his throat still tight, and sends a quick text to Sammy.
“I’m glad you asked,” Castiel says, “I had accompanied my mother on one of her business trips. This time we were in France. It was my first time, and it was a really lovely experience. But I got sick, as I am wont to do. It was only a cold, but I was the most miserable bastard on the whole continent. So, my mother cut her trip short and took me home.
Dean puts on a movie, ending the loop of outdated Christmas carols for the night. He puts in an old Charlie Brown Special, letting it roll through the advertisements while he goes and grabs the eggnog. On his way over, something falls of the couch and lands with a clatter.
”Uh,” Sam says from close to the door, “duh? I’m not an idiot.” His tone has no malice. And then he leaves.
The library is quiet, but not in an eerie way; more that the silence is a constant the building would feel strange without. Dean feels the weight of the silence through the glass door. He sighs, taking a long drag on his cigarette, loving the lightheadedness the smoke gives him. No one else is around, so he takes a couple more lazy puffs. The jittering under his skin cools after the second one, but he finishes the rest of the cig anyway. He stubs the butt out into the ashtray, spits into a nearby bush, and goes inside.
"I didn't have anything in mind yet." Cas shifts back on his feet, leaning close enough for Dean to breathe on his neck. Cas has his coat back on, Dean notices.
”That would be very ill-advised.” Cas peeks into the cabinet. There are a handful of spices, a small flask of something, and half a container of white vinegar. Cas reaches for the vinegar. “I have an idea.”
And Dean is ripped awake, a cold sweat staining his back. Everything is dark. He is more than painfully hard, and there is one word on his mind.
Dean goes very, very still. He heard Cas this time, it was impossible not to: every other sound, the traffic, the children, the wind, all faded, leaving Dean with only the gravel of Cas’ voice in his ears.
There are warm, sweat-sticky hands running down Dean’s abdomen, and a tightness in his gut that makes him buck and writhe. Someone is hot and solid over top of him, moving strong hands against Dean’s bare cock in sturdy, languid jerks. The figure pants against his neck, sliding his teeth along Dean’s collarbone. Dean feels himself jerk against the figure’s hands, until the hand moves away to press right below Dean’s throat.
”Cas!” Her eyes light up when she sees him. She pats the part of the seat next to her. “Have a seat! It’s great to see you again!”
“Yes. Yes, Cas, I can do that,” Sam says. He pushes his glasses up. Castiel coughs. Castiel turns to the fountain. He plucks a stray leaf out and tosses it away. The water is cool on his fingers.
He chuckles. The rubric in front of him has a list of vocabulary words from each chapter. Before he knows it, he's staring down at his phone screen again.
Castiel’s stomach lurches to his throat. His coat comes off. It is cold. But the hand returns to his back. Cas is fairly certain he lets out a groan, but he can’t be too sure. Everything wavers.”Whenever I get sick,” Dean’s voice comes again, “Mom would always make me tomato-rice soup. I tried to make some for you, but something was crawling through the rice, and I didn’t wanna risk it.” The hand leaves Cas’ back. “I think we have some chicken soup in the pantry somewhere. Yeah.” He thinks for a moment. It feels like it’s years before Cas hears “Yeah, you hang on.” And all at once, Dean’s presence is gone from beside Castiel. His brain blurs.
the box reads in messy Sharpie. Inside the box are half a dozen photographs, all turned so the glossy backs face up. But Castiel pays them no heed, going straight for the carton of cigarettes in the corner. It's a full carton, until Castiel slides one between his fingers.
Then Cas closes his eyes. “No.” Cas says. “Dean, you can get a bite from the kitchen or something, I don’t care.”
“Cas,” Ash says, stepping forward from the crowd. Castiel reaches his hand out, the one with the little monitor wrapped around his pointer finger. Ash takes it, “You look good, dude. Really stellar.” He huffs a weak laugh. Castiel smiles and tightens his grip a little.
Jo, as it turns out, is the third act, not the first. The first is a large woman in a suit similar to Ellen’s, playing a flute duet with a much smaller pianist in plain, concert black. It’s a lovely piece, and Cas is so enraptured he almost forgets to clap at the end.
The rest of the procession goes smoothly, Sam thinks. He doesn’t have a lot of experience in that area, anyway. When Castiel and Adra walk up to get the Eucharist, Sam stays behind. He watches them walk down the aisle. Castiel’s posture all but disappears, until he’s nearly swimming in his trenchcoat. The lights make harsh shadows across his body. Sam only has to take one look to understand how small Castiel must feel. He understands, sitting in the empty wooden pew himself.
"Well," Dean thinks for a second, "His name's Castiel,--" Bobby raises an eyebrow-- "and he kinda stares a lot, you know? Seems really arrogant, too. He's just weird."
"Jesus, Cas!" Sam stage-whispers, rubbing his eyes. Cas comes closer so they don't wake Dean. "What are you doing up?" Cas doesn't answer. "Whatever, do you want to help me make breakfast?" Sam opens the fridge, squinting at the sudden light. He pulls out a carton of eggs and some milk.
”I do remember Gabriel talking about it, but to be honest, I tuned him out much of the time.” Cas looks sheepish. “A ten-year-old Castiel could only take so much Gabriel.”
“Wait,” Sam turns to the friends and Ash struggles to get his shoes on. “Didn't you drive here?” Jo shakes her head.
Dean considers knocking for all of three seconds on his way up to the door, before he just barges in and announces, “I’m home!” as loud as he can.
He throws himself up to a standing ovation. Others stand as well. Dean whistles. Jo beams, and flushes when she catches Cas’ eye. Then she bows, and exits.
The doorbell buzzes through the whole house. Not that there's much house for it to go through. Someone scrambles up to the door, and Dean feels a rush of cold air creep through the walls. He ducks out into the living room. Trailing behind Sam is a girl with a mop of curly blonde hair and a mole over one eyebrow.
"I didn't realize-- Thank you." Cas says, sincere. He reaches out tentatively, his hands ghosting over both the gifts before choosing the one from Sam. Dean's got no idea what it is. Something soft, seeing how poorly it's been wrapped. It squishes as Cas grabs onto it. Dean finds himself leaning closer to Cas, watching closely as he takes the paper of one piece of tape at a time. His hands are very square and very careful, he makes a project of unwrapping his gift.
Dean swallows an entire mini water bottle in one go. He wishes he brought lotion or something. All this hand shaking is making his hands dry. He fidgets between people. The line doesn’t seem to ever end or shorten; as soon as a handful goes through, three or four more show up at the back. Some of Dean’s classmates show.
The faint sound of the knife hitting the cutting board is all Castiel can hear, his own feet no longer making a sound against the wood floor. Dust floats lazily in the afternoon sun, making the rocking chair cast long shadows across the chess board. A few more pieces have been moved since earlier in the week, but it is once again Adra's turn. There is a rotting log in the unlit fire place along the far wall. Out in Eden, Castiel keeps a small store of chopped wood; he makes a note to bring one in next time.
There aren’t a lot of places for privacy in Dean’s neighborhood, especially on nice nights like tonight, but that doesn’t really bother Dean. It isn’t until his palm starts sweating that he realizes they’ve been holding hands.
Castiel is eternally grateful for the broken heater, filling the small trailer to the brim with warm, dry air. The boys hang their coats up by the front door, Castiel feeling shockingly bare without his long trenchcoat to cover him. Sam is busy putting a carton of eggnog back into the fridge. He stiffens when he sees Dean, but says nothing. Cas takes a look around the house, the scent of smoke lingering heavily. There's a black spot in the corner of the living room where the tree stood only an hour earlier.
He wants to rip the books off their shelves. Instead, he slumps down next to the bookshelf with his phone in hand. All the sound in the house is muffled back here. Thank God.
”The one last weekend? It went fine, although I am on a higher dosage of a couple of my medicines, now.”
Not enough smoke. Dean isn't sure how long he stands outside like that, ignoring his shivering for just long enough to finish a couple cigs and not caring if the teacher chews him out for it.
"Uh," he stammers, scratching his head. He picks at a hole in his knee. There's the slamming of doors coming from the other side of the house. "How's Castiel doing?" And the dam breaks. "I mean, he's doing alright, right? I know I saw him for a week, but still, a guy's gotta wonder. Oh, but don't worry, I'm getting all his work together, and I--"
"So, you two know each other?" Dean asks, raising his eyebrows at Castiel. Something in Dean's eyes shuts down, his motions stiffer as he leans his hip against the table. His shoulders are tense. Castiel clears his throat thickly.
"I..." Sam starts, then stops. " I don't know," he admits. He feels himself shrinking under his brother's gaze. Dean's giving him a look akin to the
Back in the kitchen once he's collected himself, Castiel takes a long drink of water. He grabs his backpack and leaves the door unlocked. He walks to school feeling like a bumblebee: trying to survive while being very, very small.
"Early, Dean! Really early!" Sam rubs his eyes again, clunking down into the seat next to Dean. "Whatever, Merry Christmas." It sounds like an insult when Sam says it. "You need any help, Cas?" Sam's voice is much nicer when he talks to Cas. Once again, Cas refuses.
Their day doesn't really start until Dean wakes up. He clambers off the couch and over to the kitchen, his hair mussed and his clothes wrinkled. There are lines on his face from where he was laying on the couch. Cas watches his as he tugs the fridge open and downs the milk straight from the carton.
“We’ll never get there if you don’t shut up and let me drive.” Dean says. “Shit. Uh. We just passed Swan Song Avenue, so we should be looking for a big building on our right. Private school somethin’. Keep an eye out, Sammy, Cas.”
“Cas,” Adra says, voice gravelly. She reaches over to Castiel’s hands and envelopes them. Her fingers are cool under his throbbing bruises. “Your friends know you are sick, don’t they?”
Sammy is sitting on the front steps of the school entrance when Dean pulls up. Dean doesn't even try, just hands Sam the bouquet: roses, and something Susan or another. Mary always liked yellow flowers.
Dean looks up from the menu and over to Cas. Cas’ eyes look a little more sunk than usual, and is that gel making his hair stick up like that? Where on earth did he get hair gel?
washes over Castiel. His lips curve into a smile, leaning every-so-slightly closer to his friend. Sam snaps the photo. Dean leans back into the couch, putting his arms around the two boys, keeping them close.
There aren’t as many people today as there were at Cas’ wake. Charlie showed up around midnight the night before, rousing Dean from a fitful sleep. She called his phone until he woke, and proceeded to curl around him like a vine until he fell asleep. She’s squeezed between Dean and Jo now, clutching a box of tissues and pressing shoulders with Jo. Tissues pile at Jo’s feet. Her nose is irritated, red. She never looks at the coffin for too long.
"No," Castiel repeats. "I suppose you're right." Dean grins at him smugly. Castiel coughs twice while packing his bag. Sam goes to check out his books. Castiel looks at Dean for a long moment. "Why are you--"
”Anna was very,” Castiel stops, tasting his words, “Influential. She often told me she didn’t understand why I followed so many orders. And in turn, I told her I didn’t understand why she didn’t.
Then, he leans forward and kisses Cas’ chest. Starting at his chest, where the words are still there, in their curling script: Non timebo mala. To his shoulders, where he blooms with more. Dean’s eyes trace the vines and twisting tree trunks, which spindle down into several groups of flowers. Dean takes a minute to decide, then plants a gentle kiss on Cas’ right shoulder, where rests a clump of little white flowers with green centers, and little green buds growing around it.
Charlie’s next hit feels like it happens in slow motion. Her arm goes down as Dean sticks his leg out, hooking it around the elf’s ankle. He goes down with a heavy thud, sprawling. Dean uses it to spin himself up onto his feet. His back twinges. The elf laughs, holding out a hand.
Cas tucks his new journal into the pocket of his coat. Dean leans back into the couch, not realizing that he had moved so close to Cas.
Sam glances out the door at his brother and Cas, both sitting on the couch together, not saying a word.
Charlie, in a "Bah Humbug!" hat, kisses Gilda, in a springy Christmas tree headband, on the cheek. Charlie's smiling into the kiss, and Gilda's turning pink.
"Yes." Castiel takes a deep breath, very glad he is no longer hooked up to a heart monitor. The clock on the wall ticks forward. "I was wondering if you would like to spend the night with me on Friday." There's a pause.
Dean tears himself away to look at his own bowl of macaroni. It’s steaming, and there are little breadcrumbs sprinkled on top. Dean’s mouth waters for a totally different reason, now.
Dean steps out for another blip of time, swallowing half a dozen little water bottles and going to pee twice. He unbuttons the top button of his shirt. It’s fucking hot with all the people coming and going. Honestly, Dean hadn’t expected this many guests. He’s shook hands with a dozen old women who would probably whisper behind their hands about him if this weren’t a fucking funeral. In fact, they were probably whispering anyway. Castiel would’ve chewed them out for sure. Dean laughs to himself. Castiel would’ve said something about how God hates idle gossipers, and Dean would’ve kissed him to make the women fumble and turn away. A smile tugs at Dean’s mouth.
. Castiel stops himself from clenching his fist. Thankfully, the cough only lasts just as long. Castiel breathes in: sawdust and apathy. Holds it for one, two, three seconds before breathing out. It feels nothing like relief. He takes a long sweep around the room with his eyes: no one seems the least bit disturbed. He feels as if something in his chest desperately wants to shake loose. With a frustrated sigh, he folds the sheet of looseleaf in half and drops it in the recycling.
The trees are tall, too. For a moment, they look like they're bending inward, like going through a tunnel. A tunnel of tall trees and large houses.
It's a Thursday when something changes. It's hardly Thursday yet, only a few minutes past midnight. But the change doesn't come until later. Right now, the cool air from the open window is fluttering across Castiel's skin, sending shivers through his whole body.
Usually, Dean spends a few minutes walking around all the shaky plots of land, considering headstones or family graves. But with Sam beside him and the distinct chill in the air, he doesn't bother. The plot they head to is one of the least worn; Mary didn't have a whole lot of family when she was alive, anyway. Her headstone is still smooth.
