“Shut up! I’ll put down the gun when I’m good and ready, which will be right after I put a bullet in your brain!” A shaky voice said, obviously belonging to a young man who was trying, and failing, to appear tough and mean. Sherlock sighed, and John could nearly hear the eye roll in his voice.
The door opened a crack. John’s eyes went straight to Sherlock’s tear-streaked face, then to the gun in his hand.
“I’ve always wanted to watch someone die of asphyxiation… and now that I’m the cause of it, it’s even better,” the man whispered, his eyes wide. He pushed John against the wall with even more force, a manic giggle spilling out of his mouth. John could feel the blood rushing in his face, could feel the loss of oxygen starting to get to him. The force on his throat was causing pain that was verging on unbearable, and though he tried to command his hands to get this man off of him, his muscles were no longer listening to him.
“Christ Sherlock, have a little sympathy!” John shouted, pushing himself angrily out of his chair. “I’ve nearly lost you so many times, I thought I was going to lose you because of that stupid case we just had! I do not want to sit here and listen to you ask me to kill you! And quite frankly, I don’t care if you meant it as a joke, because this is not the time to joke about me killing you!” Sherlock’s lip curled up into a sneer.
Sherlock could feel the fabric still shoved in his mouth. There was duct tape covering it, and his hands were tied to his sides, his feet tied to the table.
Thank you all so much for reading!! You're amazing, I love you all, and don't forget to leave me some comments and Kudos while you're here! <3
“Sherlock, do you want me to go make you some tea? You’re freezing,” John said, eyebrows creasing in concern. Sherlock just shook his head no before shivering again, shifting to pull his blanket up around his shoulder. “Come here, let me make sure you’re not running hot. You might have a fever,” John mumbled, scooching himself closer to Sherlock, reaching out his hand towards his forehead. Sherlock closed his eyes and sighed when John rested his warm hand on his forehead, leaning into the touch. John chuckled before running his hand over Sherlock’s sharp cheekbone and cupping his jaw. “No fever to be detected,” whispered John, staring at Sherlock for longer than was strictly necessary. Sherlock just nodded as if to say that he already knew he wasn’t sick, and then nuzzled into John's calloused palm. He no longer seemed like the tortured, upset person that he was earlier. John sighed in relief.
“John, I…” He said, trailing off, not meeting John’s eyes. “Stay with me.” He looked up as he said it, almost afraid of what he was going to see there. He mentally scolded himself for asking.
“I want the nightmares to go away, John, and you seem like the best answer. Your presence is comforting, you’re warm, and you chase away all the thoughts that I don’t want or need to have. I trust you enough to stay with me while I’m asleep, so you are the best person to ask,” Sherlock rambled, eyes still shut tightly and eyebrows still furrowed. A light chuckle rose in John’s throat and left his lips, unable to keep it hidden away in his chest. Sherlock continued, seemingly trying to empty every single thought he had out into the open. “I’m sorry if I made things awkward by asking you, for that really wasn’t my intention. I just want my life back. I want to sleep and eat again. I want to be able to be awake without having a headache from lack of food and sleep. I just want your help, John. Please, will you-” John cut him off with a smile and another laugh.
“It has everything to do with the past and nothing to do with the fact that you just landed my brother in jail,” Samael said, his voice verging on the edge of dangerous and unstable. His fingers dug uncomfortably into Sherlock’s shoulder. He was finding it harder and harder to ignore the pain radiating from his now broken nose, his vision starting to swim a little bit. “That was just my excuse to the world, really. Wouldn’t want to tell them how you broke my heart, eh little ‘Lock?” Sherlock blinked his eyes to focus his vision, and when he glanced up at John, he could see panic on his face, in his taut muscles.
As it turns out, a lot of things could go very wrong in a very short period of time. John would come to regret the fact that he said this.
“John! No, please, don’t do this to me, I need him…” Sherlock sobbed, turning himself to lay with his head against the wall, his hands scrabbling at the tough stone in front of him.
“Don’t touch me! There are spiders all over my body, crawling, biting, and the room smells like blood! I don’t like it! I hate it! I don’t want to die!” Sherlock wailed, curling into a ball, his head hiding behind his knees. John ached to touch him, to comfort him, to pull him close, but he didn’t. He only sat next to Sherlock on the bed, tears of his own starting to leak down his cheeks.
Reaching his room he threw the door open and pulled off his jumper and shirt before stepping into his shower, turning it on not caring that he still wore his trouser, shoes and socks.
"You don't think me staying away is a good thing." He says as though it was as true as the sun rising or setting.
"Not from here! John listen." The officer shouted. "Come with us, we can take you to the life boat HQ."
Feeling an idiot for reasons unknown, John turns to the rest of his crew. "Right, let’s get this over with!"
"So that is all you stay for? The danger?" Sherlock’s tone had changed, become cold, calculating and John knew his next words would have to be spoken carefully.
The train suddenly launched and tilted before the sound of an explosion reached his ears and then the lights went out and people started to scream at the same time that a fire ball started to make its way up through the cab.
But with that over and the cold case not even holding his attraction he gave up trying to put John out of thoughts.
“Sherlock?” John asked looking down at his friend who was still just staring. “Okay, I know that somewhere in the giant brain of yours you can hear me so I need you to listen. I need to leave you here, I don’t want to, I really don’t, but I need to get to the others first, I need to make sure I can get you out. But to do that I need to go alone.”
"I had thought that by doing as John asked was what he needed, I now see he needs you. But you need to understand that when he wakes, if you are like this still he will not react well. His phobia of touch is unlike any I have seen in any other, even in his uncaring state he reaction was violent."
“If you want to trust in anything I say John then out of everything trust this. They don’t mean us harm because if they did we wouldn’t be here.”
Sherlock jumped at John's voice and turned to face him, eyes wide, pulse visible in his neck as his heart beat fast and hard.
John stayed still, he continued to look out at the ocean even as a very familiar presence was felt behind him.
"Bye Mycroft." John lowered his phone and stared at the screen for a moment. His life had totally changed in such a short amount of time. He was sitting vigil at the side of a man's bed, a man he was sure would change everything, as well as talking to a man who seemed to have access to everything, a man who knew a lot about everything and seemed to pretty much run anything he wished to at the drop of a hat.
"So, fix him up. You have twelve days." The dark eyed man said as he left, Moran following after, closing the door as he went.
"I will suggest one thing, tell John. His anger is because he feels like you are still shutting him out. He knows things happened and he needs you to tell him."
"Okay up." Maddie pulled John to his feet and led him to the stretcher that had become his bed. Laying him down Maddie quickly went to work removing the bandages and assessing the situation.
John helped Sherlock get dressed. The flash back seemed to be have a real physical affect on Sherlock's back, he believed that the torture was recent causing the scars to pull and feel as though they where bleeding. John tried to reasure as much as he could, telling Sherlock that he was healed and safe, but he could clearly see the distrust in Sherlock’s eyes.
“I’m sorry, John,” Sherlock muttered, meeting John’s eyes. “I- you’re right. It is all getting to me.” John nodded and kneeled in front of Sherlock, pressing his hands comfortingly to Sherlock’s arms.
Thank you all so much for reading! This one was pretty quick, so it isn't the best, but I hope you enjoyed it nonetheless! Comments and Kudos are my lifeblood
“No, John, please, just-- just leave it there for a few minutes, okay? It helps, it…” Sherlock shuddered and tightened his grip around John’s wrist, leaning forward to place his pallid forehead against his knees. Alarm bells were going off loudly in John’s mind, and for a moment his brain was clouded by the still-rising amount of panic filled him. He didn’t know what to do.
Sherlock sent a withering glare towards John, but John only laughed again, leaning in even further to press a quick kiss to Sherlock’s temple. “Go ahead and try it, what could go wrong?”
Rushing onto the scene of the crime, John looked around frantically, running his hands through his hair for the nth time, the strands sticking up wildly, reflecting his emotional state quite well. Lestrade ran up behind him seconds later, panting heavily, eyes scanning the scene along with John’s.
“You didn’t want to get up, so I solved that for you. Now shush up and brush your teeth,” John said, placing a toothbrush and toothpaste into Sherlock’s hand before disappearing into Sherlock’s room. He returned holding a pair of old pajamas, setting them on the edge of the bathtub. They both brushed their teeth and spent that short amount of time in companionable silence, shoulders brushing, smiling as best they could while cleaning their teeth. When they were both done, John left Sherlock in the bathroom and shut the door, giving him time to get changed without John looking.
“I… John, everything will be okay,” Sherlock slurred out before the darkness claimed him completely, and he fell.
his brain finished for him. Sherlock lifted his head to meet John’s gaze, cheeks still slightly red from crying earlier.
Sherlock screamed and screamed, but his voice was muffled and nobody heard. He was almost relieved when the man dragged him to a waiting car and hit him over the head with a gun, knocking him out cold.
Tomorrow is the last day of Whumptober!! I hope you guys have enjoyed sticking around for this little adventure of mine! <3
Not this time. John was pointing a gun at him at Lestrade’s side, his hands shaking, his chest heaving with emotion.
“Sherlock, you really should have told me,” John whispered soothingly. “God, I- fuck, Sherlock, I love you too. I have for so long.” John rocked back and forth and gripped at the back of Sherlock’s neck again and again. Tears streamed down his face as panic seized his body. “I almost lost you. God, you almost- you almost- just because I was too much of a bloody idiot to tell you.”
When Sherlock burst into the shop and growled when he saw the state of John, the good doctor only smiled happily at Sherlock, extending his free, shaking hand. Sherlock rushed over, pulling John’s cold hand close to his chest, seemingly understanding that John’s ribs were not to be moved by someone who wasn’t a medical expert. Lestrade walked through the door at the same moment that Sherlock bowed his head low, pressing his warm lips against John’s cold hand, trying to warm it up with his breath.
“Too late,” John said, stepping into the room, not flinching when the gun is whipped around to be pointed at him. He glances as Sherlock and notices a dark look in his eyes.
“I- John, it isn’t- I don’t- it really isn’t that important anymore-” Sherlock mumbled, cut off roughly by John.
John pushed and pushed and pushed himself, going faster and faster, ignoring his screaming arms and legs, paying no mind to his tortured lungs, only listening to the screaming voice inside of him telling him to get them both to safety.
“You know, I could stay away from you, but that wouldn’t be very fun, would it? Anyways, you couldn’t get me to run away from you even if you tried,” the man sneered, blood and saliva dripping from the front of his mouth. John gritted his teeth before opening his mouth, but before he could get any words out the man was slamming him against the wall, one of his hands closing tightly over John’s throat.
“I-” Sherlock could tell John was going to lie to him, then decided against it, saying, “You disappeared about a week ago without a trace, Sherlock. Since then, people have been dying all over the place, and the eyewitnesses all mentioned seeing someone that looks like you. Your DNA is all over the scenes. You’re in an alley, covered in blood, am I not supposed to fear you?” John’s voice shook heavily, and tears started racing steadily down his cheeks, his gun still trained on Sherlock.
Sherlock opened his mouth, but Mycroft cut him off once again with a sharp jab to the chest with his umbrella handle. “No, I do not permit you to speak at the moment!” Mycroft said, spittle flying out of his mouth. “Since you seem to love embarrassing me so much, how about I take a turn, hmm?” Mycroft said, his eyes bearing into Sherlock, making the man pale and back away from him. John wanted to stop him, but he hated getting between the Holmes brothers when they were like this, so he stood to the side, fingers tapping restlessly against his leg.
“I want to be big spoon,” Sherlock said, wrestling John onto his side and under the duvet, sliding into place behind him. John let himself be moved by him and relished the feeling of Sherlock slinging an arm over his side, pressing a hand securely to John’s chest, pulling him impossibly closer. They fit together as if they had been made to, their legs tangling comfortably. A giggle bubbled out of John’s throat as he snuggled back against Sherlock’s chest, hugging the man’s arms closely to his chest.
He then remembered that John and Mrs. Hudson were not home. Hadn’t been for the past three days. Mycroft had whisked them away to God knows where when the case started, deeming it too unsafe for them. John had thrown a fit, of course, but with one look from Sherlock he backed down and went with Mrs. Hudson.
John was still trying to get his foggy, panic-filled brain to understand what Sherlock was saying. “I-- I’m a healthy alternative to drugs for you? But how does that work? I don’t physically do anything to you,” John said, shaking his head to try to clear it.
John could tell that something was wrong without even ascending the seventeen steps to the main room of his flat. As he ran up to investigate the loud crashing noises, he tried not to fret over the worried rambling of Mrs. Hudson.
I hope you guys enjoyed! Likes and Kudos give me life, and help me stay motivated to write this for you guys!
John stopped just before he slammed his shoulder into the boarded door in front of him, deciding to find a quieter way to slip in.
“On the roof, Moriarty had come with a plan that even I couldn’t get out of without taking drastic measures. He had- he had snipers trained on Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson, and-” his voice seemed to catch in his throat, so he took a deep breath before continuing. “And you. The only way to save you was to either kill myself, or fake my death. Obviously, I decided faking my death was the best idea. But even then, you three weren’t out of danger. They were still watching, so I resigned myself to going into hiding and taking down Moriarty’s network.” He seemed to break down a little bit, his breathing speeding up. “I’m so sorry I did that, that I made you watch, that I made you go through all of that but I couldn’t let you die, I just couldn’t do that-” John pulled him into another tight hug, effectively cutting him off, and over Sherlock’s shoulder he could see that Mrs. Hudson was no longer fuming, and now had a softer, more grief-filled expression on her face.
Out of the corner of his eye, John saw the bartender push a drink in Sherlock’s direction before winking at him and gliding away, leaving Sherlock, John, and Lestrade to stare at the drink.
His eyes skimmed over the flat as they usually did in the morning, taking in the place he had been unable to let go of after his friend died. He knew, deep down, that this was him trying too hard to grasp at strings that were quickly being pulled just a hair out of his reach. No matter how far he reached up to them, he couldn’t quite grasp them, could only feel his fingers brushing tantalizingly over the frayed edges.
And there, on his skin, were raised lines of pale flesh, criss-crossing over his back, up his shoulders, and slightly around his sides.
“Why, isn’t it obvious, Mr. Consulting Detective?” Samael asked, almost in a tone used to talk to a baby. “I want to make you and your little blogger suffer for what you did!” He yelled, his calm, happy facade breaking for just a few seconds. As if on impulse, he reached out and slapped Sherlock roughly across the face. Sherlock didn’t react, but heard John growl from somewhere behind Samael.
“I could tell something was wrong,” Sherlock said flatly, tears still streaming steadily down his cheeks, his hands clasping and unclasping in his lap. “I could tell something didn’t feel right, but I ignored it, and this happened. This is all my fault,” he bit out angrily, burying his face in his hands.
Tears welled up in Sherlock’s eyes as he watched Watson read The Note. There was almost no emotion on Watson’s face for the longest time. His brows were creased, and his lips were pressed into a thin line, but the rest of his face was void of all emotion. Until he read one line, that one line, that drove a dagger into his heart.
“I don’t need sleep right now, John, I need to solve cases! Or hug you, but my skin feels a little prickly right now, so maybe not until that stops,” Sherlock said, stumbling into bed, rubbing his face against the silky sheets. “Actually, this feels nice. I think I’ll lay here for a while.” John tried to hide his grimace with a pained smile, and he turned the lights off before shutting the door and letting out a deep sigh.
“We didn’t find a body,” Lestrade said quietly, “and none of them were in the hotel when we went to check, so there’s a good chance that she’s still alive and they’ve moved her.”
“I have had quite enough of your little jokes, Sherlock!” Mycroft bellowed, sending both John and Sherlock into a state of shock. Mycroft nearly never lost his composure, even John knew that, and it was unsettling to see him in the midst of an outburst.
“No, John, I will not! I’ll be fine after you stitch me up, I’ll just take some paracetamol and get some sleep,” Sherlock argued, staring John in the face, his expression set with determination, his eyes filled with pain.
“Someone, help me please!” His words came out garbled again, and the man that was holding him growled angrily, releasing his mouth for a fraction of a second before shoving a ball of fabric in Sherlock’s mouth to gag him.
The fact of the matter was that Sherlock was a show-off. He didn’t mean to be, truly, but with an advanced brain like his, it was hard not to be. He wanted to know why things were how they were, how they came to be, how they worked, everything. His hand shot up every few seconds to ask question after question, some of which the teacher didn’t even know the answer to. The other students were starting to learn that Sherlock was different than they were, and they didn’t like that. They didn’t like different.
After countless minutes of hugging, rocking, crying, comforting, John stroked the back of Sherlock’s neck with his thumb. “Will you let me look at it?” Sherlock didn’t reply, only pulled away from John and looked up, showing his neck to John.
“Where did those come from?” John said, an obvious tremor in his voice as he tried to hold back an outburst of emotion. Sherlock’s face drained of color and he pulled the blanket tighter to his chest.
“Where is he?” John growled, moving to step slightly closer. He was stopped by Lestrade’s hand on his shoulder and Mycroft’s hand on his arm. John backed down with regret. The man just laughed and waved towards the group with one hand.
“Honestly Sherlock, would you stop throwing a fit like this? It’s just a short, simple case I need you to take off my hands! Helping me won’t bring about the end of the world, will it?” Mycroft spat, his umbrella handle clenched tightly in his hands. Sherlock, sneering, pushed himself out of his chair and got up in Mycroft’s face.
“John,” Sherlock croaked out, burying his face into the junction between John’s neck and shoulder, his tears wetting the warm, smooth skin there.
“I know ‘Lock, I know.” Another kiss to his forehead. “Now, let’s get you some sleep, sound good?” Sherlock nodded before slipping out of John’s grasp, laying his head down on his pillow, just enough room next to him for John to slide in. After slipping in under the blankets behind Sherlock, John slung his arm over Sherlock’s side, carefully pressing on his bare chest until Sherlock’s curved back is nestled comfortably against his own chest. It didn’t take long for Sherlock’s chilly skin to warm up against John’s hot skin, and soon the rise and fall of his chest was slow and steady, an indication to John that the man was asleep. Pressing a kiss to the nape of Sherlock’s neck, John smiled and sighed happily.
On its own accord, John’s head turned slightly, his lips seeking out Sherlocks’. As their noses brushed together, Sherlock gasped in a small breath, his fist clenching around John’s shirt. A breathy laugh escaped from John’s lungs, and before he knew what he was doing, he pressed a soft kiss to Sherlock’s lips. The detective gasped once more before sinking into the kiss, moving to thread his fingers through John’s short, blonde hair. Despite the fact that the kiss was far from perfect, John knew it would be the one that he cherished for the rest of his life. Sherlock’s lips were dry and chapped, most likely from repetitive biting and chewing at the soft skin, and John relished in the rough feel of it against his own slightly chapped lips. It just made the moment that much more real.
When John peeked into the room and saw that no physical harm had come to his friend, he almost let out a long, relieved sigh. He would’ve, if not for the physical appearance of his detective. His face was paler than normal, there was little to no color in his usually full lips, and his hair was soaked almost completely with sweat that was now dripping down the sides of his face and his bare, heaving chest. His fingers were clenched tightly in the sheets, trembling from the exertion, and he was tossing and turning slightly as if he were trying to get away from something. John, ignoring the deep ache shoved between his ribs, reached out a hand towards Sherlock and crept towards him slowly.
Sherlock rambled on as if he hadn’t heard John. “If I had gotten shot in the left shoulder, we could have matching bullet wounds. Wouldn’t that be romantic, John?” Sherlock asked, his voice starting to slur. John could feel the blood starting to seep heavily through the wool of Sherlock’s beloved Belstaff. “I’m ruining my coat, aren’t I?” Sherlock mumbled, his head lolling as John picked him up, one arm in the crook of his legs and one around his shoulders. “I don’t want to have to buy a new coat, John.” Swallowing loudly, John tried to push his panic away.
“I do not wish to be flirted with,” he grumbled, crossing his arms in front of his chest, glaring at the drink. John laughed, louder this time, and leaned over to bump his shoulder against Sherlock’s.
“You didn’t fail her, Sherlock,” John said, gripping Sherlock’s forearms much like Sherlock had gripped Greg’s just seconds before. “She’s still out there, she can still be saved, we can do this, we just-”
When John heard Sherlock stumbling uneasily up the stairs to their flat, he immediately knew that something had happened while Sherlock was out.
He yelped in surprise when he ran into another body, crashing to the ground from the force of the impact.
That is, until Sherlock’s eyes widened in fear and he suddenly went down, a loud ‘snap!’ accompanying his fall, followed closely by a gasp and a loudly shouted, “Fuck!” John skidded to a halt, his mind suddenly kicking into overdrive, running through all of the things that might have just happened to Sherlock. Kneeling down, John assessed Sherlock, his heart beating loudly in his ears, his blood rushing quickly through his veins.
“No, I do not permit you to speak at the moment!” Mycroft said, spittle flying out of his mouth. “Since you seem to love embarrassing me so much, how about I take a turn, hmm?”
“He’s going into another attack! All hands on deck, prepare the sedative just in case we need it!” It was an unfamiliar voice, and John started twisting in their grasps even harder, panicking.
“Mycroft was there? The whole bloody time? He was there and he didn’t save you from all of that torture?” He was livid, and Sherlock nodded meekly at him. “I’m going to kill that bastard,” John seethed. Sherlock shook his head, pulling his knees up to his chest.
Sherlock curled in on himself, clenching his fists in the pillow as tears started to spill from his eyes. John kept stroking his hair as if nothing strange was happening, and Sherlock buried his head in the pillow, trying to remember the sensation of John’s fingers in his hair, as it was probably the first and last time he was ever going to feel it.
The thing is, John was finding it a bit difficult to move after being kicked in the ribs by five separate feet, all of which were fitted with steel-toed boots. The punches, delivered with brass knuckles to his face, weren’t helping at all either. It may have been his fault that he had been beaten so badly, but what was he supposed to do? He had passed by a quaint little coffee shop on his late night walk, and when he happened to glance through the window, he saw five men robbing the place, kicking over tables, tearing things off the wall. John’s good-doing side flared up, and he strode into the cafe, fists clenching.
Sherlock was confused. Were they looking for him? He didn’t think he was that dangerous, but then again, here he was, sitting in an alley, covered in someone else's blood.
“Well, look what the cat dragged in!” A man, who seemed to be the leader, said, his voice low and grating. “It’s about time you got here, we were starting to get very bored.” His eyes glinted with something polluted and evil, and his growing grin was no better. “Thankfully, your little mouse helped us relieve some of that boredom. He really is amazing, isn’t he?” The rest of the group hooted and hollered loudly, throwing more empty bottles against the wall.
What made it even worse was that John was going to go back to Mary eventually. He had to. She was his pregnant wife, he couldn’t just leave her alone like that.
“I’ve been… thinking about retiring,” Sherlock said, his eyes never leaving the scene beyond the window. John blinked once, twice, three times before getting impossibly closer to Sherlock, eyebrows still furrowed in concern.
The men obviously had prior fighting experience and were not afraid to fight dirty. John was bitten, elbowed in the nose, kneed in the stomach, and even had both of his feet stomped on.
“Call. Moran. Off.” He said, crowding into Moriarty’s space, his hands clenched into fists. Moriarty giggled, patted Sherlock on the face, and pulled out his phone, dialling quickly before holding the phone up to his ear, winking at Sherlock in the process.
They had gotten into a knife fight with one too many people that night, and Sherlock came home sporting a nasty cut for it. It started above his left eyebrow and curved down around his eye, cutting over his left cheekbone, ending around the corner of his mouth. The cut hadn’t gone too deep, but his face was still aching with sharp pains, and he was starting to feel a little light-headed.
“Sherlock? Sherlock!” John said worriedly, not even noticing the quick retreat of the men. “Sherlock, love, can you hear me? I need you to open your eyes for me, okay?” Sherlock groaned and wiped at the blood that was starting to stream from his nose, cracking his eyes open to look up at John, Mycroft, and Lestrade. His face cracked open into a grin, blood running into his mouth and over his teeth.
When they loaded John onto the stretcher, Sherlock turned toward Lestrade, tears streaming down his face. Lestrade pulled him in for a quick hug before leading Sherlock to the ambulance, climbing in beside him.
“Shut up, Sherlock,” John ground out, trying to adjust his hold on Sherlock without hurting the wounds more. “Just- just shut up, would you?” John’s panic made his hands shake, and he couldn’t quite get a good hold on Sherlock. He gritted his teeth and pushed back the sticky, wet feeling pushing up his throat, threatening to choke him.
"What?" Suddenly Greg disappear from the screen and another replaced him. John kept his features in check as eyes the same colour as the deepest greenest and bluest ocean looked at him with anger. Dark curls where wet and sticking to a pale forehead while water ran freely down sharp cheekbones and dripped down onto a black shirt.
The needle found his neck, the sting of it making him hiss then darkness quickly took over and his found himself slumping against the person holding him.
"Agreed." Sherlock whispered as he hands left John’s face to wrap his arms aroud John’s shoulders to pull him into a hug.
She knew when it happened because Sherlock bucked forward and from that moment John was in charge. As he fucked Sherlock ass, Sherlock kept pace fucking her, the pull and push of it all driving all of them mad with pleasure.
Sherlock watched through pain fogged eyes, then as their eyes met once again the multi-hued eyes widened.
"No...no...no...oh god...no...stop, please, stop." Sherlock’s voice had change from a shout to a whimper, each word a knife in John's chest.
Once Moran had the belt free he pulled back on the knife and quickly turned Sherlock till he was facing the wall.
He saw the panic enter Sherlock’s eyes as the smile slowly left his face. John knew Sherlock’s weakness was touch. The small touches they shared constantly, be it in a case, with finger tips or a hand to the back. In the privacy of their home, it was the brush of lips, a hand stroking down an arm, fingers in hair, legs across legs. Sherlock needed to touch John, needed it like it was air itself.
"Sherlock." He said, reaching out and gently touching an arm. Sherlock’s reaction was instant, he moved away from the touch a cry of pain escaping his lips.
"He didn't want help." Moran said and though John wasn't looking he could practical feel the other man shrug.
"John is here, he save your life." Mycroft looked to John and nodded slightly yo the other side of the bed, indicate for John to stand there.
John was asleep when Sherlock finally opened his eyes, it was early morning, a nurse had just left after taking Sherlock’s stats. It had been the blood pressure test that had caused him to become aware of the waking world.
"Give him a C.T scan, check for any abnormalities, go down the route we would normally take. But I bet everything will come back normal, until we check his brain activity."
"Right. Well...goodnight Sherlock." John said as he opened the door, not waiting for an answer before he walked out.
“When this is over, when we are home, we keep this.” He gently ran his lips over John’s knuckles causing John to smile and lean his forehand against Sherlock’s.
“I was on the train because I was led there. I believed I was tracking down a murder, I now believe that to be a false trail, just away to get me on the train.”
"If you don’t follow orders this lovely pretty nurse will slowly lose her looks." With that Moran pulled free his pen knife, flicked it open and lifted the blade to the nurse’s cheek and ran it down her skin.
Sherlock understood, he had seen the orderly with the broken arm as they had coming into the building, seen the way he had glared at John, instinctively holding his cast covered arm to himself.
Greg blinked a few times as he took in John, covered in blood, a deep cut to his left temple, his skin pale and his body looking a lot thinner than the last time he had seen him. He then turned to look down the hall to find Sherlock with an arm wrapped around his stomach, his back against the wall and his legs giving out as he took in Greg with eyes clouded and lost.
"Not a lot." John shrugged, the movement reminding him of the IV line attached to his arm. He refused all drink and food and so fluids where constantly attached to him and a feeding tube had been forced into him. He had pulled it out serval times, same with the IV line, but they always made sure to put it back.
The speech had been good, people listened to him, they reacted to his stories and the follow up questions had been good giving further detail to what he had done. It had been good to talk about his time as an army doctor, good to talk to people that understood what he had been through.
“Listen, John,” Sherlock whispered in a rush. “There are more men here, and they’re all armed, and that means I need you to get out of here for me right now. Got it? They’ll-“ The sound of boots clunking in the hall interrupted him, and Sherlock cursed, pulling John over to a second door in the room, shoving them both out of it and running down the hall. John could hear them catching up, but he didn’t care, only ran faster.
John, after quickly putting the shopping away, walked slowly towards Sherlock and dragged a hand across his shoulders, settling on one and giving it a firm squeeze. Sherlock looked at John and smiled morosely before turning back towards the window, scanning the dark horizon in front of him.
“Well,” John said once their giggles died down, “now that we got all of that out into the open, I believe there’s someone here who needs a kiss.” This sent Sherlock into another small fit of giggles, and John joined in, unable to stop himself. Their hearts were full, finally, after two years of being empty.
Sherlock set his pen down on the table with a shaking hand. He folded the note carefully and clutched it in his hand tightly before gingerly picking up the gun lying beside him on his bed. Biting his lip, he tried to hold back the whimper making its way up his throat. He squeezed his tear-rimmed eyes shut and tried to calm himself with deep breathing before tightening his grip on the gun.
Thank you all so much for reading! My apologies, this isn't by best, but I'm a bit tired tonight and I'm a little uninspired! But as always, comments and Kudos are my lifeblood
“No danger, and I won’t need medical attention until tomorrow,” Sherlock answered, his voice soft. “Please, John?” John took a deep breath and let it out, trying to push down the doctor in him that would demand to know what was wrong.
William Sherlock Scott Holmes was not an ordinary child by any stretch of the imagination, and the other kids didn’t exactly know how to deal with that. “Hello, I’m William Sherlock Scott Holmes!” He would say, thrusting his hand out towards whoever he was attempting to befriend. “Would you like to be my friend? I happen to really enjoy science, we could do science experiments together if you’d like!” At first, the other kids seemed to like him quite a bit, giggling while nodding their heads, grabbing him by the hand and pulling him over to play with them, whatever silly game they had picked that day.
“Don’t cry Jawn, it’ll all be okay,” Sherlock whispered into John’s ear, his breath slowing down and becoming irregular, his chest jerking slightly against John’s.
“Sherlock Holmes, wake up right this second!” John shouted, tears streaming down his face as Bart’s hospital came into view.
“I think you’re quite right about that, John,” Sherlock replied, pulling back to meet John’s eyes. They smiled at each other, and when John cupped Sherlock’s face and finally brought their lips together, the world was set right. Sherlock gasped and John hummed softly, caressing Sherlock’s cheekbone softly before sliding his hand gently into the silky curls he had dreamt about so many times. This earned him another gasp from Sherlock, then a tiny hum as he moved closer to John, sliding out of the chair and into his lap, wrapping his arms securely around the back of John’s neck. Winding his free arm around Sherlock’s back, John moved to pull him closer but stopped when Sherlock hissed sharply into the kiss.
It was exhilarating, and John relished the slight burn in his lungs and his legs, enjoying the feel of Sherlock’s fingers entwined in his, the detective panting just as heavily as John, his smile just as big, his eyes just as bright.
“John,” Sherlock said hoarsely, his knees buckling under him. Mrs. Hudson let out a frightened noise and dropped Sherlock’s hand, rushing to John’s side. As Sherlock continued to stare at John, Mrs. Hudson squeezed John’s hand tightly.
Sherlock learned to hate winter after moving in with John. People got sick in the winter, which meant
“If you don’t stop annoying me,” Sherlock drawled, digging his heel into the ground right in front of the man’s eyes, “I won’t miss next time.” Something about Sherlock’s voice was still off to John, but he didn’t get the chance to say anything as he was, once again, cut off, this time by the police pulling up to the alleyway they were currently in. As Lestrade got out of the cop car and slammed the door, John got off the ground and dragged the man up with him, catching a quick glimpse of his dirt-smudged, sneering face from the flashing police lights.
Sherlock shuddered and wrapped his arms tightly around Watson’s back, squeezing himself closer to the man that he loves. John kept rocking back and forth with Sherlock caged in his arms. Pressing soft kisses to the soft skin right under Sherlock’s ear, Watson whispers onto his skin. “It’s alright love, I have you now. I love you so much. I’m not going anywhere.”
got to sleep, that is), the nightmares were becoming less adamant and didn’t bother him as much anymore (but they still plagued him more than he would like to admit), and he could go throughout his days with a smile on his face now (so what if they were fake 50% of the time?).
Throwing the newspaper he was reading to the side, John scrambled to the door and wrenched it open just as Sherlock went to enter the flat, causing Sherlock to lean too far forward and fall to the ground, swearing in pain. John’s eyes immediately went to Sherlock’s thigh where his dark trousers were stained darker with blood, the slit in the fabric showing a nasty looking stab wound. John swore as well, running to the bathroom to grab his medical kit before dropping to his knees beside Sherlock.
“Sherlock, what do you mean it helps? What’s wrong? I need to know in case something isn't right or if you need to be taken to the hospital.” As John said the word ‘hospital’, Sherlock growled. John sighed in frustration. “So you don’t like the idea of the hospital? Then tell me what the bloody hell is going on with you!” Sherlock, loosening the grip on John’s wrist, sat up slowly and met John’s eyes, taking a deep breath. John’s hand fell away from Sherlock’s head, and John thought he saw a look of discomfort on the man’s face from the lack of contact.
As Sherlock carefully set John down on the portable gurney and kissed John’s forehead, John tugged on his sleeve and said, “Thank you, ‘Lock.”
His mind is hazy, but there are snippets of conversation dripping through the cotton and into his mind.
Sherlock had been kidnapped a week ago. Everyday, his captor seemed to come up with a new technique of torture to try and drive Sherlock up the wall. There had been that chair that he was tied to, with blades sticking through the back of it so that if he relaxed he’d get stabbed. Oh, and that one day, they showed him footage of John that they had gotten from somewhere on repeat. He had to watch all day as John was punched and kicked and spit on, and Sherlock had just about lost it.
The giggling from the man in front of him turned into full-blown laughter, biting and cutting, too manic to ever be from a sane person’s mouth.
“Why me?” John asked, glancing over Sherlock’s face, still unconsciously searching for some kind of injury. “What’s so special about me? Why was I given this responsibility?” At John’s questions, Sherlock’s face faded into a deep red color, and he looked over his shoulder, clearing his throat awkwardly.
When they stepped into the flat and Sherlock had placed the food gently on the counter, he turned back to John, his fingers fidgeting once again in front of him. He was avoiding John’s eyes. “John… are you- are you angry with me?” Sherlock asked suddenly, causing John’s eyebrows to furrow in confusion.
“Let us go,” John said, venom leaking into his voice almost immediately. The man laughed and walked over, leaning down so that he was face to face with John.
“I care about you more than anyone else in the world as well John, I. . . I really need you in my life. You’re the only thing I care about now,” Sherlock mumbled through his smile, his eyes closing again. Another laugh flowed from John before he swept Sherlock’s bangs off his forehead, pressing a soft kiss to the now-exposed skin.
“John?” Sherlock said, panic lacing his voice. “Are you sure you’re alright? There’s an ambulance on the way, just hold on, okay?” John, now starting to lose feeling in his fingers and toes, only nodded and tipped his head back against the wall, trying to breathe evenly. Sherlock grabbed John’s hand and held it close to himself again, shaking his head. “Damn, I wish I thought to bring something warm with me,” he mumbled to himself, playing mindlessly with John’s fingers.
Before he could get far, Mrs. Hudson swept him up into a hug of her own, wrapping her arms tightly around his back. He stiffened and seemed to flinch for a second but soon relaxed into the embrace. She whispered something too quiet to be heard by John before releasing him, and Sherlock just nodded, a small smile on his face. She squeezed his forearm before going back into her flat, closing the door behind her. John, tugging gently on Sherlock’s sleeve to get his attention, jerked his chin towards the door to their flat. Sherlock smiled and followed John up the stairs, hugging the food to his chest.
“I don’t care what he deserves, dear brother, telling him will not help him heal. It will not help us control the situation,” Mycroft snapped. “My men know how to handle this, they’ve dealt with the effects of it before. John is in good hands, he is as safe as he can be, so please leave this room! You are making it very difficult for my men to work with all your pacing and incessant mumbling and fretting!” Mycroft’s voice started sounding farther and farther away, but John could tell that he was at the end of his rope, stress fraying the edges of his nerve.
“Is it twins? No, no, it’s never twins, I should know, I said it and I’m nearly always correct about these things. But he couldn’t have been in two places at once, could he?” Sherlock mumbled quietly under his breath, his eyes shut tightly, hands still moving about carelessly around his head. “A doppleganger? No, that’s not very likely, now is it? Maybe-”
John, pulling Sherlock close to him, tucked the trembling detectives into his chest, rocking him back and for comfortingly. “Hey, hey, Sherlock, don’t be so hard on yourself, yeah? I know that you don’t want to kill me, and I know that you would never do it even if you were told to. That’s not the you that I know. The you that I know would use his big brain to come up with a genius plan that would save us. Or, if worse came to worse, we would go out together.” Sherlock’s hands clenched tightly at the front of John’s shirt again as John rubbed over his back and his sides comfortingly. Instead of starting to calm at that statement, his sobs became more violent and the trembling became worse. John opened his mouth to ask Sherlock what was wrong, but he was cut off by Sherlock yanking his head away from John’s chest, baring his teeth angrily.
“John, I didn’t order this,” Sherlock said, his eyebrows furrowing tightly over his eyes. John let out a little laugh, patting Sherlock on the shoulder.
The thought made John smile sleepily as he drifted off. Just before succumbing to the waves of sleep slowly lapping at his eyes, he could’ve sworn he heard a little, soft ‘I love you too’ said back to him in a sleepy voice.
As he fell to the side and cracked his head off the floor, the last thing he heard before falling into unconsciousness was a sharp, painful “No!” tearing itself out of John’s throat.
“Well then, it’s good I’ve spent the last two years coming to terms with the fact I was in love with you before you died, isn’t it?” Sherlock’s eyes widened and his mouth fell open, but before he could say anything, John pressed a kiss to his temple and said, “Well, I say I was in love with you, but who am I kidding? I never fell out of love with you, never could.” A smile matching John’s spread over Sherlock’s face, and soon they were laughing again, Sherlock’s head resting on John’s shoulder, John’s nose buried deeply in Sherlock’s hair.
“Sherlock? Are you alright mate?” John whispered, not wanting to barge into the room if it wasn’t necessary. He waited for a few seconds, ear pressed against the door. The only thing he got in response was a low groan, cut off by a sob that echoed painfully in his mind. John took a deep breath and shook his head as if he could get the sound out that way. Fist clenching, John rested a hand on the doorknob, fighting with himself over whether he should just leave the man alone or see what was wrong. Another choked sob followed by more whispers sounded from behind the door, and John furrowed his brow and rested his forehead against the cool wood.
“It’s just us. Only us John Watson, really! Can you imagine anyone else getting together like this? We’re insane; I’m really not surprised it took something like this to bring us together!” With his nose in Watson’s neck, he inhaled deeply before sighing contentedly. “You smell faintly of tea John, did you have some before you came to sweep me off my feet and save me?” John snorted.
“Is there anything I can do to make this easier for you?” John asked, happy to do anything that would stop all of Sherlock’s whining and complaining. Scoffing once again, Sherlock whipped his gaze to John and narrowed his eyes.
“He didn’t think you needed them,” John said back, pushing his legs to go even faster as he heard the men catching up to them.
“Sherlock. I told you, we can’t tell him,” a sharp voice said, effectively cutting Sherlock off. John was having trouble thinking, but even he could tell it was Mycroft by the way that Sherlock snarled at the man that John couldn’t see.
“Yes, John,” Sherlock whispered soothingly. “Mycroft and I made sure of it.” John ran his hands softly over the scars on his lovers back, filled with hate for the dead men that put them there.
“I really am sorry,” Sherlock said, flapping his free hand around and around, letting John pull him up the seventeen steps by his arm. “I knew you wouldn’t be too happy with me, and I really did tell him to stop, I even tried to fight him, but he’s got steel-toed boots and they don’t feel very good, so I couldn’t stop him. Too busy trying to catch my breath,” Sherlock rambled on, his gaze darting around their flat as if everything looked different to him. John stopped abruptly, Sherlock running into him with a soft “Oof!” just a second later.
“It doesn’t matter!” Sherlock shouted, voice cracking, his fingernails digging into his palm hard enough to draw blood. “Of course it matters that she’s still alive, but every time I fail she has to stay with those- those criminals even longer! She’s probably scared for her life, and I can’t seem to do one little thing about it!” Sherlock’s body seemed to immediately drain of energy from his outburst, his face becoming nearly blank, tears still flowing freely. “She needs me, John,” Sherlock said, his knees buckling under him, only prevented from plummeting by John’s hands on his arms. After John lowered him gently to the floor, Sherlock seemed to crumple in on himself, his arms winding around his stomach.
“Why didn’t Mycroft send more men, damn it!” Sherlock gritted out, weaving through halls, trying to lose the men tailing after them, still holding John’s wrist in a death grip.
“Fuck, Sherlock!” John yelled, lunging at Sherlock to grab the gun out of his hand. It came free from Sherlock's grip easily, and he threw it to the ground. John’s hands came up to frame Sherlocks red face, thumbs stroking at the tears on his cheeks. Sherlock's shoulders started shaking with sobs as he tightly squeezed The Note in his fist.
It started out as a normal Friday for John; he sighed and rubbed his hands over his face when he awoke, once again feeling like he had not received enough energy from the amount of time that he had been asleep, but decided not to focus on that and instead pushed himself out of bed and shuffled to the kitchen, his head starting to throb for a reason unknown to him. Sighing again, John popped bread into the toaster and filled the kettle with water, clicking it on before slumping down into one of the seats around the table of 221b Baker Street.
“I’ll take him off your hands, thank you both for nabbing him for me. I couldn’t have done it without you,” Lestrade said, snapping a pair of cuffs on the man before handing him off to Sally. John nodded at him and looked around for Sherlock, spotting him after a few seconds, standing a couple of paces away from him. His arms were crossed, and bathed in the flashing red and blue lights, his face looked tight and drawn, his eyebrows furrowed tightly, jaw clenched.
John dropped The Note on the floor. He ran his hands through his hair shakily before he dropped to the floor, not even registering the pain in his knees. Without even thinking about it, he shuffled quickly over to Sherlock and pulled him softly up into a sitting position. Before Sherlock could say anything else, John buried his hand into the mess of curls on his head and pressed his wet face softly into his chest.
“Yeah, just coming through now.” Wilhit say’s standing as the monitor he was stood before shows their commanding officer.
His shirt was open showing the extensive torture he had gone through in such a short time. His black trousers where covered in blood, only visible because of the shin the blood gave to the dark material. His head was hanging down, his normally perfect curls wild and stuck to his neck and face.
“Damn it.” Sherlock opened his eyes and looked at the man next to him, blue eyes shining brightly as the man reached out and gently brushed back a curl.
It was true though, he was a coward, a man who couldn't bring himself to listen as voicemail after voicemail was left.
Sherlock was busy taking Coffey's pictures when the lights started to dim within the cab and power flickered in and off before the spot lights outside dimmed completely.
Lowering his hands he turns slowly till he is facing the small thing face on. Eyes wide he just stars, taking in as much detail as he can, trying to work out what it was, where it was from, what it was made of how the hell it worked. He was about to step forward when the abyss below started to glow with a stronger more radiant light and as it rises he gasps and for the first time in a very long time his mind stops thinking.
“Fuck!” John threw the covers off them both his hands inching closer to touch but he still held back. “Okay….so what did you use to do for me?” He whispered looking around as Sherlock continued to fight his dream.
"Yeah, you and Redbeared had a lot of adventures with that bed, fighting the scum of the seven seas and hunting for treasure."
Sherlock helped John to his feet then led him to the spare bedroom. However as he opened the door, John paused then turned to the other room.
As he took in the man sat on the small wooden bench, a folder in hand Sherlock couldn't help but smile. This was how it was ment to be, how it always used to be, with John reading up about the current case, making notes and helping Sherlock in a way no one else could.
“Yeah, it is.” John lifted his free hand to brush back a few of Sherlock’s wayward curls as Sherlock placed another kiss to John’s hand. “You should get some sleep.”
"John has made it extremely clear of his feeling towards you, I just assumed that you were together."
Dimmock stared at John with wide eyes but slowly he did as he was told until he got his breathing back under control.
John looked up at Sherlock as he was brought closer and then long pale hands cupped his face. “Don’t fight them.” He whispered.
Sherlock nodded against his him before placing a soft closed mouth kiss to John's lips and taking his hand, then leading him through the gardens and back to the flat.
"Very good. It would seem your flashbacks can be recalled which means when they happen a part of you is still aware. That will help us when it comes to helping you deal with them but it will aslo lead to this disorientation you feel when you are lucid."
“It’s okay love, I have you.” John wrapped his arms possessively around thin shoulders, a hand going to tangled curls.
Turning, John searched out the man, his eyes finding him as the fire lit his pale skin and dark curls.
"Sherlock please, please open your eyes. Please." John lifted one of his hands and gently shook at Sherlock’s shoulder. "Sherlock!"
"Yes." This was John, stood a good distance away, but still there. "He needs a milky tea with a hell of a lot of sugar."
It was however the gun shot wound on Sherlock's left thigh that had him most concerned. It was a wound he had not known about until he had done a full assessment of Sherlock’s injuries, but it explained the gun shot he had heard just before finding Sherlock strung up.
"Can I sleep?" Sherlock asked as he fell onto the sofa. It had been a long day, far too long, he didn't even care that the sun had yet to set. He just wanted to curl up in bed, with John holding him and sleep.
“John, turn on your side.” He orders softly, a smile tugging at the corner of his mouth as John huffs then turns without waking, an automatic response from the time they had spent together. Letting the smile slip, Sherlock watches as John sleeps peacefully, his face soft and uncaring, the first time it had looked stress free since Sherlock had arrived. Forcing himself to lower his twitching fingers, fingers wanting to run through the greying blond hair he turns and sits back in his chair, his eyes catching Monk watching him. The Marine raises an eyebrow a sly smile on his face, Sherlock simply answers with a shrug and a smile.
“Okay, well I guess that is better than a UFO…but then that works as well I guess: Underwater Flying Object!” John could hear the excitement in her voice, knowing she wasn’t mocking Sherlock, that she was starting believe him, but whether Sherlock knew that was another matter
“There we were, side by side, on the same ship, for two months. I'm tool-pusher and we're working this automated derrick of his. Then we are back on the beach and... we're living together.” John said with a smile and a shrug.
Kneeling the man ran his eyes over Sherlock’s body and John knew, knew exactly what was about to happen.
The man smiled as his hand reached out and took Sherlock’s, the feeling of his physical body being touched once again, right on the same hand the man was holding.
The light slowly moved across the floor till it reached the bed and then moved up the covers, up across Sherlock’s leg that had escaped the covers in the night, up to his hips, covered in the red boxers John had given him, till it reached his back, the vast expanse of pale skin warming in the light of the sun.
He thought he could do this, but seeing John blank out like that and seeing the chaos when he woke was heartbreaking. All throughout the day Sherlock had wanted to reach out, to touch John, on his arm, his face, his hair, anywhere. But Cathy had advised against it, waking John while he was in such a state was dangerous. So Sherlock did as he was instructed and waited. When he woke, shouting at the world Sherlock had done as he had been asked, he stayed silent and just watched as John left. Cathy had said it was for the best to leave John to himself.
Sherlock was in pure hell. His body was on fire, the source the wound in his stomach. It was like he had liquid fire running through his veins and he needed it to be put out.
"Oh...right. Well, he was bleeding internally and they were unable to find the cause so deemed it best to get him into the OR as soon as possible."
As she finished one file a knock at her door sounded and John entered with a smile even though he looked exhusted.
"In the field, pain is the best way to put someone under! Drugs are not always available and your patient is in too much pain for you to do anything. He was suffering Mycroft; it would destroy him if he has to suffer through that amount of pain constantly."
"I left to do one thing and one thing only. Destroyed Moriarty’s network to keep you, Mrs Hudson and Lestrade safe."
John looks down at Moriarty. “This tale ends with a murder; he is the victim I am the murderer.” John glances at Lestrade. “Choose to be part of it or leave, arrest me after, not before, because I will get the cure for what he gave to Sherlock.”
“Forget it, Anderson. They're gone.” John says coming up next to Anderson, who looks up at John, his arm strapped to his chest, protecting it as much as possible.
"I'm so sorry...so sorry." Taking in a rattling breath he tried to ground himself, to breath normally but the air kept catching causing him to continue to cry.
“But he is.” Philip turned to John then. “He don’t talk, like ever. Apparently he saw his parents being killed or something, not spoken a word since.”
The three fell silent as Sherlock shook his head then using his thumb and forefinger on his right hand pinched the are between the thumb and forefinger on his left hand.
Sherlock saw it happening, the colour drained from John's face, his shoulders slumped and Sherlock found himself on his feet and across the room as John's legs gave out. Grabbing John around the waist he pulled the smaller man against him. John's head sagged against his chest, his arms lifeless at his sides, his legs not even trying to keep him upright, so Sherlock did the only thing he could, he slowly sank to the floor, taking John with him.
"It's fine." Mycroft said, causing Sherlock to turn to him. "I'm surprised he hasn't told me to bugger off already, especially since I interrupted a rather private moment."
Some hours later, after refusing to leave, a heavy blanket was wrapped around his shoulders and a warm cup of something pushed into his hands. He didn't drink it, but he held it, letting the warmth melt his sore stiff fingers.
"What the hell Anderson!" He suddenly blurted turning a few controls. Anderson stayed quiet but as Sherlock moved off he looked to John who nodded his head and Anderson set the controls back to what they had been before Sherlock changed them.
He lay there for a while, wondering the halls of his mind palace before he finally forced himself to stand outside John's door. Frowning at the dark wood of the door he hesitated before pushing it open. Inside the room was very much the same but with one key difference, it was darker. John's room had always been bright, it held the largest windows and it was alway sunny. Now however it was dark beyond the windows and the heavy golden curtains were slightly drawn, leaving only a single lamp to light the room.
"All you need to know is that I hold a minor position within the British government...though I am sure once he wakes he will tell you otherwise." Mycroft petted Sherlock’s hair once again before straightening and walking to the end of the bed. "Look after him John, make sure they do everything they can to save him and I will be back later. Call if they have him go down for surgery before then." He pulled a card out and passed it John. "One of my men will be outside at all times, if you need anything just ask them."
Okay so I couldn't write the horrible stuff, I think because part of me really doesn't want to know what John does to Moriarty, so have fun coming up with your own interpretation of what goes on.
"We can't give you anything love, I'm so sorry. I really wish we could but it just won’t help you, your tolerance is just too high."
As it was, she was with John for fourty minutes. As she opened the door she turned to Sherlock then looked back into the room.
"No, no it's not, it's not okay! How can this be okay? I tried to kill myself because I wanted so badly to join you!"
Standing stock still Sherlock just watches as it raises higher up through the water then very slowly starts to turn. As it does one of its wings passes directly over him and without any hesitancy he lifts his arm and touches it as it passes over. His fingers find the texture of the craft is not hard, but rather soft as the tips push slightly into the exterior.
Omg this chapter did not want to be written! I started it so many times and deleted it a lot! Anyways hope this one works.
Coffey sits down his hands running over his face before he pushes off his green cap and running a hand through his hair. Looking up at the other two in the room he lowers his hands after replacing the cap and just watches them shake for a second before clenching them and letting out a breath.
"All a lie. I have been lied to for so long, now I dont know why I am still surprised when I learn about it."
“Sorry,” John said as he applied pressure to Sherlock’s scalp. “Need to stop the bleeding before doing anything else.”
Sherlock was moved to a private room, they deemed it best as the screaming from before had disturbed the other patients and their families, and they know when he woke again he will be in just as much pain.
Carrying on down the corridor he heads to the control room where he find’s Sherlock knee deep in water, tools everywhere, grease and oil covering his hands and face, shirt sleeves rolled up to his elbow and a look of concentration on his face.
"Thank you." John made his way to the side of the bed his fingers automatically finding the curls upon Sherlock’s head. Looking down at the man who had taken over his life in the last twenty-four hours he had to fight back tears that threatened to fall.
"Okay." He said softly, smiling once again. "It's fine, I can stay. Don't need coffee anyway, was just thinking to give you and your brother some space."
"Then we ration." John said, though he had no intention to allow Sherlock to feel more pain than he had to, he, John, would just cut back so that Sherlock could have what he needed.
Sherlock turned his head toward John, his eyes opening a fraction. "Please..." Sherlock reached out, or rather his fingers lifted slightly and it was all the invitation John needed. Taking hold of long fingers, he lent down placing the hand on his, John's, chest, holding it there while his free brushed at curls.
Sherlock jumped in his sleep causing John to turn to him as he sat on the chair his feet up on the end of Sherlock’s bed. Lowering his feet, John slowly stood as Sherlock jumped again, this time his hands twitching and he frowned deeply before a look of fear come over him.
“Touch him and I will make sure to cut off your cock and shove it down your throat before I even think about cutting neck.”
"Yes. In this room things can be said, they can be talked about and analysed. But when you leave this room you both will continue being who you are. Things said in this room will need to be worked though and understood before you leave."
John pulled his arms free taking a step back and for a moment Sherlock just watched as a thousand emotions ran across John's face and eyes before the shutters came down and the ex-solider that could face anything stood before him.
"You're bleeding internally as well as externally." John stated not wanting to lie, knowing the man would see right through it. "If I had my bag..." John shook his head as his voice caught.
"The coma is to help you body heal without the interference of your higher brain function. But you still need to rest your brain, so come on, to bed with you." The man led him down the hall, passing a few doors till reaching the door that led to an exact replica of Sherlock’s bedroom at his mothers house.
John relaxed, leaning back into Sherlock’s chest allowing himself just to find as much comfort in the embrace aspossible.
"Hey 'Lock. You just hold on okay." John felt as though he should look away, that he was intruding on a very personal moment, but he couldn't. Seeing how much Mycroft cared for his brother was reassuring, it meant that Sherlock had someone if he didn't remember John once he woke, something that was very possible given everything that had happened.
"You know I dont believe that for a second." John said as he shuffled closer to Sherlock allowing him to wrap an arm around Sherlock’s middle and place his head on his chest.
John held out the coat, he could easily just leave it in the sofa or just throw it over to him, but he kept hold of it and waited.
"I gave myself the name John Watson to join the army, but it was only a cover, it wasn’t real, I was still Austin Carver. You however made John real, you gave him purpose, a reason to carry on, to live, not again, but for the first time. You gave me a life I could never have hoped to have.
"You know the term 'sleeper agent', you know what it entails. I'm tracked constantly and if they had any idea you knew-"
"Oh." Once seated he let his head fall foward as he tries to process. "I dont understand. He...I thought he... he was fine!"
“I’ll see to it done.” Mycroft appears from behind the wall of people, holding out his hand for the vile. John tightens his hand around it for a moment as the two of them just stare at each other. “Trust me John.”
"What the...now the idiot is getting out of...oh shit!" Gun fire sounded and the paramedic threw himself over John as glass shattered and bullets flew, within seconds the paramedic on top of him became a dead weight and John felt panic start to set in.
Laying Johns head onto his lap Sherlock ran his fingers gently through John's greying hair, the strands soft on his fingers. He had no idea what had happened, what had caused this reaction in John even as something told him that he should know.
Gripping the door frame Sherlock turned away from John, his eyes closing tightly as he tried to breath normally.
John looked down and then shook his head slightly. "Leave me some of your stuff, I'm a doctor. I will do everything that I can."
"Then bring him with you." Sherlock found himself staring at John through the glass door. John had come on much in the months Sherlock had been there, but he still wasn't ready to leave, to work cases, to be woth other people.
"I'm not going anywhere." The man lent down then brushing curls from Sherlock’s temple and brushing his lips there. "Sleep well."
The light on his phone flashed, it had been flashing for a while now, it taunted him, deemed him a coward every time the blue light lit up letting him know he had a message.
Sherlock frowned, he didn't want to trust the man, but freedom was just feet away. Looking at the others he held his knife out then slowly made his way to the glass doors that led outside.
“It’s okay John.” Sherlock tried to reassure but the fear was so clear in his voice it broke John’s heart.
She smiles back but makes a mental note of what she has just been told. She was good at her job, she wouldn't be on their case if she wasn't and she knew John was trying to tell her to just watch out for herself when it came to Sherlock. But he had to know it was also a form of crying out for help when it came to himself.
(23:10pm) Okay so you're busy...or sleeping, or in your mindpalace. What ever it is just please text me when you get this. I wont be asleep...I can't sleep, I miss you next to me. JW
"I love you." Sherlock whispered raising a hand to John's face. "I am so in love with you John Watson and I will never do what I did again. I want to have you with me, always."
"No, you have triggered all this and I believe you can help bring him out. But not right away. So for now he is being transferred to a hospital outside of London, it is a high security hospital. It is located in a old manor house and it is more like a home than what you see around you now."
"I'm not ticklish." Sherlock answered, but walked around to the otherside of the bed and climbed in.
"John." He moaned as the lips ran over one of the longer scars on his back, the remembered pain slowly being erased by the soft loving kisses John gave it.
The cut on Sherlock's temple was deep, but he had been able to close it with small stitches with the hope to have minimal scaring.
Stretching he looked to the end of the bed to Mary and gave her a small smile before standing, placing his hand on Sherlock’s forearm before leaning down to gently brush back curls that hadn’t moved but he just couldn’t help himself.
“Sure.” Together, John and the nurse went about undressing Sherlock, giving him a wash before dressing him and then changing the bed covers. It took a while, Sherlock was all arms and legs, and though light, it wasn’t the easiest job to move him without over aggravating his injuries. John was just glad the man had locked himself in his mind palace, it allowed them to do so much without fear of causing him too much discomfort.
"I made him stay awake. I kept him talking." John reached out, taking Sherlock’s hand and running his thumb over the soft skin.
“Sherlock?” Mary came up to the other side of the bed and smiled as both men looked at her. “How are you feeling?”
Sherlock sighed as he leaned against the door, the cool wood on his hot flushed skin a welcome contrast to the heat of John's lips on his back.
"Yes, you told me." Sherlock admitted as he shifted in his seat slightly so he could open his legs, allowing John shuffle forward, to get closer so that Sherlock could touch him without moving forward.
“Sherlock?” Something touched his other hand and he tried to indicate he felt it but he couldn’t move that hand, so he simply tightened his grip once again on the man’s hand.
“Hey there.” Fingers ran gently down the side of his face causing his eyes to close as he pushed himself more against the hand. “You had us worried, you have been out of it for two days.”
"Doctor, formally an...army Doctor. Currently living in London after being...invalid after being shot...oh god..." the man's eyes squeezed shut and his hand found John's wrist gripping it hard. "You should go...go to her..."
Pulling away from the door, her eyes wide, she turns and gasps as Coffey grabs her arms and pushes her against the wall, a gun pressed to the side of her head.
Leaning back as he swallowed slowly, painfully he looked up at John as he placed the bottle on a bedside locker before turning to look at Sherlock, a smile on his lips.
So waking up, finding himself attached to monitors, IV bags and very much alive was by far the worse way he had ever woken.
"I want-" Sherlock started then stopped, biting his lip, an action John had never seen him do before.
"He called while you were compressing. Thought I should know that I could possibly have a crew member that could suddenly lose it."
John knew, he knew about those watching him, Mycroft had told him, had told him everything. So he understood, but understanding didn't stop the pain.
“Okay, Sherlock, look at me.” John said as he crouched down to the side of the man who was looking at nothing. “Sherlock, you need to look at me.”
"No I killed you! I remember that, I...I..." He stepped back, his eyes looking around the small cell that had been his prison. He needed something, he needed someone.
John’s eyes flicked to his for a moment before he stopped filling the glass and put it on the table next to Sherlock’s chair.
“They can't be trusted. They're turning against us. We may have to take... steps.” He said slowly, trying hard to keep his voice steady but failing miserably.
“Sorry. You have a rather large gash on your head and it’s bleeding a lot. You really should go to hospital.”
“Where are we?” He asked his left hand moving from silken hair to John’s shoulder, his fingers tightening.
"John." Sherlock gasped, as though starving. The bed dipped and she knew John was behind Sherlock, once again getting ready to fuck.
"Mycroft, we need to go home." Sherlock said as John felt him come up behind him and place a hand on his shoulder.
"Left pocket." Sherlock lifted his face up, his eyes hooded, his pale skin covered in sweat and looking more grey than white. John held his glazed eyes for a moment before searching out the left pocket in Sherlock’s trousers. When he felt a hard metal object in the pocket his eyes widened but he didn’t move.
“Oh nothing.” John answered letting go of the bars and folding his arms not planning on saying another word.
John continued to frown as he looked down. Why? What good could come from this? Could he have Sherlock so close? Would he want him so close? The answers came easily, because it was the best thing to do, a lot of good, yes he could and yes he did.
John was confused and it must have been written all over his face because Sherlock sighed before he carried on.
"Don’t remember a wall being here." A voice said from below him and he looked down to find Molly grinning up at him.
"You're protecting me from the pain." He said to the wall and the looked at the man from under his curls. "And you are doing the same."
Lights. Christmas lights. White lights, gold light, red, green, yellow, blue, all twinkling, all blinding, all everywhere, god how he hated them!
John looked towards the only open door and sighed in relief as stretchers and more rescue works climbed into the cab.
"Derek would have you all infected with flu within the week." Sherlock said as he pulled the cab up to the Leviathan and attaching.
“John.” Sherlock said as Coffey slowly stood and John pushes away from the wall his captain’s persona falling into place instantly causing Coffey to falter slightly.
“Alright, alright,” John said softly, his adrenaline from going into Doctor Mode wearing off. Tears gathered in his eyes, but he refused to cry. He needed to focus on stitching Sherlock up.
“I don’t what, Sherlock? What, were you gonna say that I don’t understand?” His question was met with silence from Sherlock, and John took a deep breath and a few steps back. “I’m going to pretend you didn’t start that sentence because I know that this is just the stress and lack of mental stimulation getting to you. But never forget Sherlock, I understand. In fact, I think I’m allowed to say that my recovery was much more difficult than yours will be. Okay?” John asked, earning a nod from Sherlock. He had the decency to look guilty.
Thank you for reading! And thank you for all of the support I'm getting with this, I really appreciate it! Again, comments and Kudos are my lifeblood and I really appreciate them
“Oh, you shut up yourself, John you clearly don’t-” Sherlock seemed to realize what he was saying and snapped his mouth shut, some of the color draining from his face. John just inched closer, his eyebrows knitted together in anger.
Sherlock quickly joined John in his (Sherlock’s? Their?) bedroom, flopping down onto John who was already laying on the bed, knocking the air right out of him. “Sherlock-”
The words hung heavy in the air for a few seconds, and John’s heart ached for the exhausted, shaking man in his arms. “Don’t say that, love. Don’t even think it, because it isn’t true, never has been, never will,” John said fiercely, his voice still a near-whisper. “You’re doing more than anyone else, and we could never thank you enough for that.” When Sherlock didn’t answer after a little bit, John asked, “Hey, did you hear me ‘Lock?” He nodded slowly, a violent tremble making its way through his body. “Do you believe me?” A pause, then Sherlock shook his head no, his shoulders starting to shake with silent sobs along with the tremors already running through his abused muscles.
They had been walking down the street together as they always did, Sherlock’s long legs tearing down the sidewalk as John tried to keep up with him. For some reason, John remembered Sherlock had said something funny and was snickering as John threw his head back to laugh.
“No thank you,” Sherlock slurred, holding himself up against the wall. “I don’t want to, and John doesn’t want me to either. I don’t want to upset him, I love him.” The man growled and darted out to grab Sherlock, his hand closing roughly around Sherlock’s wrist.
A shiver from the man in front of him broke him out of his thoughts; now that it had been brought to his attention, John finally noticed how cold and clammy Sherlock’s skin still felt, despite being awake for a while now.
“John, behind you!” He heard Sherlock call out, his breathing barely affected by the fight. John didn’t react quick enough and couldn’t avoid the leg sweeping his feet out from under him, sending him crashing to the ground, landing on his bad shoulder. Hissing in a breath and letting out a stream of curse words, John squeezed his eyes shut and gritted his teeth, trying to push the pain back. Sherlock needed him, and he would be damned if he was just going to lay on the ground while Sherlock fought by himself.
“I don’t need any of that anymore, ‘Lock. It’ll be an honor to retire with you and your bad knee to shuffle around the house with you, dancing slowly along to whatever music you have playing that night. I want to have early nights in with you, and nice lie-in’s when we have nothing to do that day,” John said, meaning every single word. Sherlock opened his eyes and (finally) looked John in the eyes, his eyes watery, his smile shaky. “I’ll still love you just as much when you're old and you have silver hair, and when you wear jumpers just like mine because you’ll need the extra warmth.” Sherlock let out a slightly choked laugh before winding his arms around John, nuzzling his nose against John’s neck. John embraced him back and pressed a soft kiss to Sherlock’s head, nosing around in his soft curls.
“Sherlock, you don’t have to die, you don’t have to be scared,” John whispered soothingly. “You have done nothing that you have to die for, trust me, I. . .” He trailed off when he noticed the piece of paper clenched tightly in Sherlock’s fist. “Sherlock, is that- is that a suicide note in your hand?” Sherlock stilled for a few seconds, before nodding as a sob broke out of his throat. “Will you let me see it?”
The walk was silent apart from Sherlock’s slightly heavy breathing. The night was clear, the air cool, and John caught up to Sherlock and slipped his fingers around Sherlock’s, squeezing tightly. Sherlock, who seemed to sway unsteadily on his feet for a few seconds, squeezed back, running his thumb over John’s.
“Don’t you dare tell me that it wasn’t traumatic for him! I want you to look close at him, Mycroft, really close,” John said, gesturing to Sherlock, turning to look at the man for himself. Sherlock, who was still curled up in the chair, was shaking with silent sobs. His ears, which were showing slightly through his curls, were red with humiliation. John felt a pang in his chest and turned back to Mycroft, once again clenching his suit jacket tightly. “Are you trying to tell me he isn’t traumatized? You can just get the hell out of here if you’re going to act like this,” John said, shoving Mycroft backwards towards the door. Mycroft stumbled a bit, caught himself, and straightened out his suit before raising his chin slightly and leaving their flat haughtily.
“Who are you?” John said, his fever state doing a pale imitation of the John that Sherlock knows. Sherlock swallows as he squeezes the wet cloth in his hands, trying to push back the sobs he could already feel building up in his throat. “I don’t know you, do I? Why the fuck are you in my flat?”
Restlessly pacing around Baker Street and worrying his bottom lip with his thumb, Sherlock’s eyebrows were furrowed together and had been furrowed for the past ten minutes as he tried to puzzle out the case he had been working on for the past three days. Sleep had eluded him for the previous 72 hours, and it didn’t seem to be coming any easier that night. Dark was smudged under his eyes, the fingers on his free hand were flitting around him anxiously, fluttering through the sky and drumming on his thighs, and he was a little unsteady on his feet. Still, he paced, unable to calm his mind until the case was finished.
"You fucking bastard!" John yelled. "You total utter prick! Why did you let go?" John said as he pushed at Sherlock’s chest causing the taller man to step back.
John glared then all the fight left him as he took in Sherlock’s wild hair, ripped salt stiff clothes, scraped hands and dirty bloody knees.
Sherlock opened his eyes a bit wider to look up at John who stood with the first aid kit in hand and a shocked look on his face.
The sound of the paper being read broke the silence as nimble fingers gently turned the page and then settled as eyes ran over the words of an article relating to unease in the east. Smiling slightly Mycroft shook his head, if the media knew any of the truth about any unease in any country they would all probably seize up and die. His media team however were very good at making sure only the barest of information got out. As for the Prime Minister, he was an excellent actor and completely worth the money. His portrayal of a total idiot pleased Mycroft to no end and kept the public talking about his total lack of skill and leadership rather than focusing on any real issue.
Mary stood just outside the door to the cafe her eyes searching for John. She was dressed once again in her nurse’s uniform after leaving the O.R, doctor Ansari having asked her to bring John up to the surgical floor.
Breathing a few shallow breaths, finding it hard to take in any more he pushed himself up off the floor groaning in pain as he did so.
Looking up he took in Sherlock’s long legs, the jeans hugging every curve, then up the buttons of the shirt to the long neck and then finally to eyes bright and full of emotion.
“We got Russian subs creeping around.” She said then her eyes widened. “What if something goes wrong? They could say anything happened down here! Give our folks medals or something, know what I mean?”
The kettle clicked on causing John to look up with a frown as Sherlock went about making tea. Smiling slightly he put down the file he had in his hands and just watches as Sherlock grabbed two mugs then paused, glanced at his watch and grabbe another.
Most days found him lying on the sofa, hands clasped beneath his chin as he wondered the halls of his mind palace. He tried to sort through his thought and feelings with regards to John.
John automatically reaches out, his years of living with Sherlock causing him to grab his wrist and gently pull so that Sherlock didn’t end up pulling out his hair.
John stood numb and not really seeing it all as the chaos moved around him, the smell of blood and antiseptic filling his nostrils but he didn't even notice it, just as he didn't take note of blood on the floor, of the people screaming as news of their loved ones not making it was broken to them.
“Not until you’re more stable.” John answered before stepping around the bed. “Can I take over?” He asks the nurse, who nods stepping back as John puts on some gloves.
By midday Sherlock had fallen asleep while cradled in John's arms and with John running soothing fingers through tangled curls. Looking down at the sleeping man John felt tears pricking at his eyes as the whole situation came crashing down around him.
"No Sherlock...no! You..." he stood and walked to Mycroft his temper rising as he poked the taller man hard in the chest. "I trusted you!"
I want to thank each and every one of you that has left kudos, bookmarked and commented on this story you have kept me going.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry sorrysorrysorrysorry." John muttered into Sherlock’s chest, shaking, even as he took comfort in warm arms and Sherlock’s unique scent.
John kept hold of Sherlock’s hand his eyes not leaving the pale face. When Sherlock looked back to him he was surprised when the hand he held pulled him down some more until John had to place his free hand on the pillow and he was inches away from Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock nodded, a smile on his lips which again did strange things to John's stomach and had him near enough running for the bathroom.
“You need to get some sleep.” Was all Schoenick countered, but Coffey just turns and walks away as though he didn’t here.
When he opened his eyes he moaned and slowly pushed himself up. His head pounded, but for the first time everything felt clear, but it also hurt and it was the pain that was winning. He couldn't stand it for much longer, so he stood, swaying slightly on his feet before heading to the bedroom and towards the night stand were the cure to his pain was held, but it also held the fog that would over take once he took it.
Silence fell and finally Sherlock sat back against the sofa and John moved ever so slightly to lean against him.
“Sherlock! Wait a second-“ John is cut off as Sherlock tries the door only to find it locked. John sighed then lifted a hand to stop Sherlock as he grabbed a fire-extinguisher and started to pound it against the heavy steel door.
"That is rather advanced storage you have there. What exactly is on that sub that needs something so advanced to hold it?"
John holds his breath, terrified that Sherlock may not be the same, may have lost his memory, may not even remember him. Sherlock's eyes take several seconds to focus on the man leaning over him, but when they do a small smile lights up his face and John releases the breath. If Sherlock remembers him then any other problems they can face together.
"I DONT KNOW!" John suddenly yelled spinning back to Sherlock. "Every day I went to tell you, opened my mouth to spill everything but every time the words got stuck. My past is full of blood, full of pain and death. I wanted to forget it all, to live a normal life."
“Indeed.” Mycroft nodded and pulled a chair over to sit at the foot of the bed. The nurse who had taken over from Mary a few hours ago looked at Mycroft then at John.
"No, this is about the two of you. Open up to him Sherlock, he has to you, so do him the same courtsey."
He tightened his grip on the knife, his heart rate increasing as he took in hia captors, his torturers, rapist.
"Did John ever play rough with you Sherlock?" Moran's voice called, closer than it had been but still far away. "Has he taken you yet? Have you allowed him that? Or is that still, very much mine?"
"We should invite someone John feels comfortable with." He finally said after nearly finishing his drink.
"No. No you wont. Or if you are then I wont be...infact yes. Return to Bakerstreet, but have my stuff packed and stored. Afterall I think I may be sectioned by the end of the day."
A moan rose up from John, as he ran his hands to hold onto Sherlock's back, his legs feeling heavy as Sherlock wrapped his arm around John as well, yet kept his hand to the back of his head.
John pulled back then, breaking his arms free to delve his hands into soft curls and pulling Sherlock down till their lips met.
Slowly, with the help of Maddie, John re-wrapped Sherlock’s chest and abdomen. He had Sherlock lent against him with the curly head resting on his shoulder, while Maddie did most of the wrapping.
A sigh left him as he felt the warmth against his back, as Sherlock leaned over to look at what ever John was doing. This was becoming a habit of Sherlock's, to come up behind John, to push against him, to look over John’s shoulder allowing dark hair ro brush at John's cheek, his neck, sending tremors through his body, tremors he was sure Sherlock would feel and yet the great detective never said anything just carried on regardless.
"I know. Come out Sherlock, please. You must be cold and I have clothes waiting for you. We can sit and have tea as well if you like."
Sherlock was still asleep, his legs twisted in the sheets, his hands clasped above his head, his face twisted into a snarl and a hiss escaping his lips as he twisted as though trying to escape something.
"Then lets go catch us a murder." Sherlock said cheerful causing another chuckle from John as they both left the crime scene.
"They really did a number on him." Maddie commented as she finished one bandage and started another.
The night was clear and surprisingly warm. It was mid May, the month when the weather faught with itself as the small island of Britain prepared itself for a lack luster summer.
"Your brother has told me that you left to do some rather dangerous work. You must have gone through a lot in the time you where away. Then to come back, to have your partner-"
“Sure, I'll be right back.” Mary walked pass him, squeezing his shoulder as she did so. “ It will be fine John.”
"So forcing us to talk on things we dont want to talk about." John sighed falling back against the sofa.
"Mr Holmes?" John looked down the hall as Mycroft was called causing the well-dressed man to stand. The man dressed in blue scrubs, still wearing his cap and looking exhausted walked over. "Mr Holmes, I'm doctor Ansari I was the lead surgeon working on your brother."
Tea was delivered once they all sat, only John had water, in a plastic cup, that for some reason Sherlock couldn't help but focus on.
"My surroundings, they change, people change, they become..." His breath suddenly changing becoming harsh and short as he tried to pull himself together. "My, they did thing's, they...they..."
“But why?” John asked as the video paused on the screen but still showing the warhead pretty clearly. “Why bring it on board?”
As she stood she heard John saying that it would have still been polite to ask if she would like a drink.
“Okay, what was the last thing you remember?” John asked as he looked back down at Sherlock. John stared as the man looked up at him, those pale eyes searching, as though he was trying to read John’s very soul.
Climbing onto the bed Ari led back and watched as John and Sherlock started to kiss once again, hands gliding over skin, searching each other, obviously touching each other in a way both had wanted for so long. As they got more into themselves Ari smiled her hand moving over her own skin, playing with her nipples and delving between her legs to play at her clit. She had to admit the two of them where extremely beautiful to watch, their total love for the other, their true connection. Feeling suddenly like a third wheel she rolled to get off the bed when she was pulled back and John settled over the top of her.
Mike chuckled from behind John. "If you hate him that much, I guess you should never have married the bastard then."
A scream sounded down the other end of the carriage causing John to look up and for the first time, took in the whole carriage. People's were still moving about, helping those that they could, while some where helping others off the carriage and into the underground tunnel, getting as far from the smoke and fire as possible.
Licking his lips John took a few steps back weighing up his options. He needed to get Sherlock out, fast, but he wouldn't be able to do that if he was dead or captured.
"That is probably the most graceful I have ever seen you." Sherlock said with a hint of a smile to his voice.
"Stop being a baby Watson, you've had worse!" He reprimanded himself before lifting his head and listening.
"Yeah, of course." Sherlock sat then, on the chair John had taken earlier. "Cathy had another appointment, she didnt want to move you to your room though and well I guess we need to talk about me staying."
Blinking slowly he took in slow deep breaths, trying with all his might to hold onto his sanity, to keep the air of calm around him so that he could continue to pretend so that he could just make it through the next half an hour without exploding, without screaming as he left the room that was far too full of people.
The helicopter returned, it spot light rushing over him every now and then, blinding him, but he continued to stare out across the water.
"Good girl." They didn't talk after that and when John had finished he pulled on fresh gloves and turned his attention to Sherlock.
Now it was wasnt a matter of John minding this contract, no, in fact he longed for it. He missed it when it was gone, yearned for it when it had been a while since the last time, he even asked for it at times, not directly but asking Sherlock to look at something, anything that would just have that tall warm body press up behind him.
"Come on guys, work with me here." She said quietly she shifted and wriggled her way free. When she finally got up she turned back to see two sets of eye watching her.
John's head is lolling against his shoulder, but jerks up at a soft sound coming from the other man in the room. He looks over and sees Sherlock's eyes fluttering as if they can't decide whether or not to open, and hears a soft moan issue from his parted lips. As quickly as he can with stiff limbs from many hours in that chair John goes to Sherlock's side and murmurs reassuringly to his husband, nonsense words of love and safety until the moans subside and the eyes open completely.
Watching through the darkness he first saw the gun, then the arms until a figure walked pass the patio doors, only a few feet from where they where stood.
Sherlock looked at him then down at his wrists as John still kept hold of him. He looked like he was fighting with himself, as though he wanted to say something yet could put what it was into words.
"Go spend the evening together." She instructed squeezing both thier knees. "Do not talk about this though, we will continue in the morning."
"Not without you." Sherlock said as the smile left his face. "I learnt the hard way what it is like to do things without you. I wont do it again."
“No, but its seems to have gotten worse since you arrived.” John turned and headed to the control room not so much as looking at Sherlock as he left.
“Hello I’m Molly. Come play?” She asked looking over her shoulder at the other children who were all stood watching.
"I'm in love with your brother Mycroft, I will do anything to make sure his suffering is not great, even if it means hurting him in the short term."
“But the issue here Sherlock is that this locked room does not hold a body and it is currently locked, not unlocked, and we are currently the ones locked in it!”
John paused for only a second before he carried on till he pushed the blood soaked shirt from Sherlock’s shoulders and then grabbed a towel and pressed it to the bleeding wound causing Sherlock to groan.
Sherlock had gone still, his heart having stopped, along with his breathing and all his thought processes, the only thing that moved or worked was his eyes which followed John as he walked around and took the chair in front of Sherlock’s.
“I am fed up of your need to fucking know bullshit! This is my crew, my rig and you better start giving me some bloody answers and soon.”
As he went to attack Mark she pulled out a pack of sedatives she kept on her and preped it as Mycroft wrapped his arms around Sherlock, holding him close and steady.
Reading through her notes once again she took another sip if her coffee before looking up at the clock. It had just gone eleven, they were late and John was never late. She thought about going to check on them, just to be sure they hadn't killed each other, or rather that John hadn't killed Sherlock.
The screaming had stopped, but he could hear voices, as well as whimpering coming from the left of him.
John smiled through his tears as he clung to Sherlock’s shirt. He felt an idiot, felt like he should be stronger than this, Sherlock needed him to be strong but at the first hurdle John fell in spectacular fashion.
"Shit." John stood, turned from Sherlock and walked to the window over look the gardens. Anger was building again, the one emotion that seemed to rule everything since he had started to feel again. It could be overwhelming at times, debilitating to the point he had, shamefully, been sedated. Cathy had been working hard to help him control it, to shut it down or talk it through, at times though he just needed to hit something, anything, hence the new punching bag in the corner.
So umm excuses....I have had horrendous writers block, I finished Loud and Clear and then nothing, well not nothing, but not a lot and this story got stuck! So this chapter, I hope, will move it on and hopefully I can get it finished.
Smiling he lowers the camera as his lights come back on, Little Geek floats back up, its lights flooding the area around him as Mike appears and their coms switch back on.
John looks up as Sherlock walks in and comes to sit next to him watching with John for a while before sighing.
Sherlock tried to keep his beating heart under control, but he was sure that disappointment showed on his face because John laughed slightly.
His first sight of his friend had hit Sherlock hard. John had lost weight, his skin was pale, his hair now more grey than gold, bandages wrapped around each wrist and IV lines attached to his inner elbow on both arms.
He watches as his words cause Sherlock to first step back then lift his hands as though to reach out to John before lowering them again. The mans face, normally so closed off showed every emotion, showed his fear, his pain, his anger, his heart ache. John in return showed nothing.
Sherlock stops at the threshold to the living room. It was the same, nothing much had changed, apart from the obvious dusting Mrs Hudson had done in the last twenty-four hours, there was still papers lying about, laptops half opened, Sherlock’s last experiment still spread out on the table. The only difference was one wall was covered in a map of London and red pen circled an area several times.
Crystal eyes opened, freeing a few tears as they did so, and just looked at John as though he was everything.
Pulling back, he licks his lips as his eyes open, losing himself in crystal clear waters of greens and blues.
“He went front-office on you.” Sally said as she nodded then turned back to her work before pointing up and handing John her wrench. “Tighten that for me, right there.” She said as she grabbed another tool.
Watching Coffey walk away he shakes his head and starts to pull on the rest of his gear. As he pulls on his oxygen tanks he struggles slightly until someone hefts the tanks onto his back. Turning as he goes to tighten his straps and say thank you he pauses as Sherlock takes over and makes sure everything was securely fix and in its right place.
He had finished work early and he knew he needed to go shopping, that he couldn't live on Mrs Hudson’s scones and cakes forever. So with his last patient not turning up he left with the intent to fill his cupboards once again. He should have ordered online instead.
Pushing off the wall he made his way down to the café, his thoughts muddling through everything before falling back onto Sherlock, to soft curls and pale skin, to the thought that the kiss his had just given the man might very well be the last.
“Make me forget.” Sherlock said as he threaded his fingers through John’s. “I want to know what it feels like to have you John, all of you. Please, erase what they did with your touch, please John.” John allowed Sherlock to pull him down their lips meeting instinctively and before long they lost themselves to each other.
"Give me...blood, and I will." He so wanted to add that he would also sort the mysterious guy out as well but he kept quiet.
"Panic attacks do that." The man held a hand out and John took it. As he was pulled to his feet the man placed his other hand to John's arm, steadying him. "Easy."
"Correct. You seem to ground me. Help me think, you also distract me from you, which is slightly odd but it the truth."
Gradually they had weaned him off of the machines keeping him alive until now he is breathing in his own, his heart beating pushing his blood around just as it should be, just IVs to supply fluids, nutrition and antibiotics remain. The only thing left is for him to wake up, until that happens there is no knowing whether his brain was injured by lack of oxygen.
"John, it's been over twenty-four hours since either of us slept, we are both hungry, tired, drained and probably not ready to deal with this right now."
"Huh umm." John stopped kissing but only pulled back slightly. Opening his eyes Sherlock stilled to find John looking right at him with eyes dark with passion yet alight with so much emotion that Sherlock was afraid he would drown.
"Danger is addictive to me, but you Sherlock Holmes outweigh even the most dangerous of situations."
“Damn that man. I told him to inform me if this were to happen.” The doctor left without another word.
Tears sprung up in his eyes fast and steady, ignoring them as the fell freely down his face to gather on the pillow.
John looked from Philip to the boy in the tree who was so close to his book now that there was no way he could be reading it.
So now he paced, as he thought, while also trying very hard not to let fear overwhelm him as his mind started once again to play tricks. It seemed to want to join his experience with John into what he had suffered through at the hands of his torturers.
"My, my, I really did make you a work of art." Shivering as Morans hand ran over his back, tracing the scars he bit his lower lip to keep from protesting, protesting would only make it worse.
"No John, I will always feel guilt for what I did, for what I put you through, just please let me look after you forever, then I can live with it all."
Wow i finished it! 82 chapters long and nearly 45000 words. This is by far my longest story and I have loved writing it.
"I..." he paused, why did he feel dizzy? "That is..." his heart was beating rapidly and then John's face was before his.
They both changed, John lending, or rather giving, Sherlock a pair of boxers that were far to large but with a safety pin did the job. John put on a pair of sleep shorts and once they both got into bed; John on his back with Sherlock laying on his right side and across John’s chest they both just relaxed.
“Say what you want to, what has been on the tip of your tongue since you met me, since we got back, since you found out Moriarty was dead. Say it.”
"Then kiss him John." She didn't have to ask twice, John moved like a hungry man, delving hands into Sherlocks hair and kissing him that would make anyone blush, but Ari had seen much more on her life. As she watched she started to shimmy out of her dress then kicked it away as she walked around to stand behind John and let her hands roam over his back and waist before reaching around and started to pull his shirt free.
"I only know what I've told you John. But if Mycroft took the time to come out here it must be serious."
"I think it best doctor Ansari explains everything." She kept her voice calm and steady as she answered. She of course knew the right answer but the doctor would be able to give John all the information he needed, so deemed it best to allow John to get everything from one source.
“Soon, mum said in the next week.” John answered as he picked up a stick and started to drawn in the dirt. “What’s it like?”
Laughing, Sherlock is stunned at what he sees, a smile plastering itself across his face which the water mirrors so Sherlock sticks out his tongue, again the water copies sending a thrill of excitement through Sherlock’s body.
Today Cathy had gotten him to open up about John messages. About what they ment for Sherlock, about how he clung to them, especially after he had escaped.
She turned and made her way back through the maze of tables looking over her shoulder only once to make sure John was following her, which he was. As they left the cafe John walked beside her in silence until they stepped into an elevator.
"Damn it Sherlock." He finally said, turning back to him. "I held a gun between my lips just weeks after you jumped, Mycroft took it away. I tried to drink myself into oblivion, Mycroft had me attend rehab, I stated drinking again the moment I got out, the silence too much. But I tried, I dated, but you know that bit...did you know about rehab?"
For the first time in weeks, since before his suicide attempt, since way before Christmas, he felt something click. His need to care, to help, returned and with it his warmth and compassion to anyone in distress.
Sherlock works at the base of the wreckage, checking the valves on the rack of oxygen bottles still somehow clinging on to what was left. He was stood right on the edge of the canyon wall with nothing but darkness glaring up from the sheer drop behind him.
"Because I...I'm not sure if we are ready. Here we have help at the drop of a hat. Help that yesterday proved that we need. But yes, god yes I want to go home, to go back to the flat that means so much, to sleep in...your bed, my bed, our bed." He smiled then as his fingers traced over Sherlock’s face. "Your damn experiment."
Getting to his feet once again John legs it from the control room as alarms all over the rig blare, once again losing his footing as the rig tilts for a moment then slams back down onto the bedrock.
Still smiling John lent to whisper in his ear. "I need you fit, strong and unhurt, because when I do take you to bed I will be fucking you so hard you won’t be able to walk for a week."
"John what is happening? Is this still MaCormick?" Sherlock reached out grabbing Johns wrist pulling him closer. "John, my mind...it's...slow, please just tell me."
Change of POV on this one, thought that having the sessions seen from Cathys POV would be a better way to write them.
"He went AWOL a month or so after you got shot. I don't fully know how Jim got his claws into him but he did and I think Jim had control of him a long time before he finally disappeared."
"Oh Sherlock." John closed the distance between them as Sherlock reached out. Wrapping his arms around the thin waist John instantly felt how cold Sherlock was.
Sherlock was on his feet instantly. Pulling the door open he headed towards the wall that was keeping him locked in. As he reached it his hand went out to run along a crack that had appeared.
“They made me watch, as they drugged him, dislocated his shoulder, hurt him, stripped him, I watched from a cage and I could do nothing to stop them.” John looked down at Sherlock his eyes running over the peaceful face, the cut at his hairline healing well, but it would scar. It was the only thing visible on the sleeping man to show he had been through anything, but under the covers, under the hospital issue gown was a body broken and hurting. “Moriarty had cure.”
“Sounds to me like you’re too lazy to get off your fat ass and do it yourself!” Sherlock snapped, bearing his teeth. “Maybe if you stopped thinking about eating so much, then you’d have the time to-” Mycroft cut him off with a sharp jab to the floor with the tip of his umbrella, his face red, his eyebrows drawn together in anger.
“Sherlock?” John said, turning in his chair to look at his flatmate. His expression matched one of a deer caught in headlights, his face pale, his eyes rimmed in red, a suitcase loosely from his right hand. “Where are you going?” John asked curiously. It was rare for Sherlock to go anywhere without him, and even rarer that he hadn’t mentioned a case at all.
“Don’t speak, Sherlock, you’ll make it worse,” John said, his voice shaking as he rocked Sherlock comfortingly, the adrenaline in his system starting to wear off, leaving him feeling hollow and shaken.
Sherlock gritted his teeth and squeezed his eyes shut when a wave of hunger washed over him and made his stomach cramp painfully, reminding him that he had only eaten a few pieces of bread and some apple slices all week.
“Well, let's fix that, shall we?” John asked, all the warning he gave Sherlock before he was pulling the man in by the shirt collar, slotting their lips together just so, staking his claim over his detective. John could tell, without looking, that Sherlock’s eyes were wide open in surprise, not used to public displays of affection.
” Sherlock hissed as John started to disinfect the wound. He took in a heaving breath, then continued. “I didn’t think he’d bring help with him either. They put up a good fight and one of them even managed to stick me in the leg, as you can see.” John nodded, pulling out a needle and some nylon thread.
“Am I… angry? With you?” John repeated. Sherlock nodded his head, still not meeting John’s gaze. John let himself think about it for a little bit before answering. “I think a small part of me is angry with you,” John said, and Sherlock seemed to deflate, his shoulders slouching. “But,” he continued, “it’s barely there. There’s so much relief from seeing you alive, and so much thankfulness for what you did for me, that it’s easy to ignore. Because not everybody I know would fake their death to save my life,” John said, sentiment leaking into his voice. “Why do you ask?”
Scarfing down his breakfast with a practised ease of someone who just wanted to get eating over with quickly, John pushed himself back onto his feet and towards Sherlock’s room, absentmindedly rubbing his fingers over his temples. He had been wanting to sleep in that room for the past few months, the allure of being able to pretend that Sherlock was close called to him, and had only given in a few days ago. There was a duffel bag full of John’s clothing on the floor, and the bed was a mess from John’s tossing and turning during the night, but other than that, he had left everything how it was. He knew from experience with other places in the flat that it was better that way, easier to pretend that Sherlock was just away for a case and that he would be back that night.
“John Watson, get the bloody hell back here!” Lestrade yelled, pushing himself off the ground and launching himself after John. It’s useless; John reaches the men long before Lestrade can reach John, and then there’s a scuffle. John quickly takes the gun from the man and hits him over the head with it, effectively knocking him out and giving John the time to punch the other man’s lights out, releasing the pressure he was keeping on Sherlock’s shoulders. Sherlock seemed to whimper in relief, dust coating the tear tracks on his cheeks.
The group of men in front of them made noises as the group of three approached, nearly cat calling them. John held back a biting remark, biting his tongue nearly hard enough to draw blood.
Thank you all for reading! This one was a quick one, and it isn't my favorite, but I hope you guys don't mind!
They did get through it together. Sherlock walked with a cane from then on, but found he didn’t care too much as long as he had John by his side.
“It’s me John, it’s really me, I promise,” Sherlock babbled, hugging John back just as tight with arms slung around his back. “I’m here, I’m really here, I promise.” John could feel a laugh bubbling up, and he was powerless to stop it from coming out, so he buried his face into Sherlock’s neck and laughed like he hadn’t been able to for years, his closed eyes filling quickly with tears. Sherlock started laughing as well, and much too soon he pulled away from John and wiped the tears from his eyes, his hand lingering on John's face for a little longer than was strictly necessary.
One second they were laughing, and the next, Sherlock was still and alert, squinting at the top of a building. Before John could ask him what was wrong, Sherlock pushed John against the nearest wall and covered John’s body with his own, tucking John’s head safely into his neck. The next second, gunshots rang out and Sherlock grunted, his body jerking roughly against John’s once, then twice. Panic slid down John’s throat and into his stomach, cold and suffocating.
Thank you all for reading!! I hope you enjoyed this one, and as always, I appreciate comments and Kudos!
"We both have new scars." Sherlock finally said causing John to look up, his brow furrowed in worry and thought.
"I...I was sent to help get you out, it took longer than expected, I apologise. But this is your chance, trust me."
Sherlock turned his attention back to Redbeard before he tried to move then hissed as his body protested.
However, waking after an overdose and slit wrists was not an experience he ever thought he would face, afterall he thought he would die, wanted to die because he just couldn't anymore. Couldn't function, couldn't feel, couldn't human.
(9:59am) Thanks...I really have to go, just be careful with this case, please look after yourself. JW
John nodded the turned back to the ledge but he could no longer see the water below, or see what the life boat was doing.
Also, I write a lot of this on my phone so please forgive any mistakes, I do go over it again when I do get onto a computer, but I am not afraid to admit that I'm not the best writer in the world and my spelling and grammar can be rather rubbish at times. But still enjoy the story and let me know what you think :) x x
"No." He whispered as the lips on his shoulder turned to teeth and bit down hard causing him scream out and struggle against the hands holding him.
"He is right Mr Holmes. Our only hope is to keep him under through pain management." Doctor Ansari looked to John. "However that was risky." He pulls back the covers revealing Sherlock’s wrapped abdomen causing John to sigh and slum slightly. No blood was seeping through the bandages meaning John hadn't ripped any stiches.
"It's okay John." Sherlock tried to reasure but John could see how much he held back from reaching out to touch him.
"John?" The speed the man moved was astonishing. He looked down at Sherlock then turned to Mycroft, he had clearly been crying, but Mycroft said nothing. "Go home, sleep, shower and eat. He won’t be waking up any time soon."
"Let me." Monk moves forward and somehow sorted the dials out. Within seconds Dimmock stops fitting and fell limply against John.
"I thought as much." Sherlock went to sit back in the chair then paused, turing to John, his eyes cast down. "Can I sit with you?"
Waking with Sherlock’s long body wrapped around him was somwthing John had dreamt about many times. So it was natural for him to just lay there, waiting for the dream to end, and to wake up alone.
Pushing himself up John looked down at his friend the hand on Sherlock’s chest moving to his face. “No, it’s not.”
"Stay still bitch." The voice behind him was rough, hard, demanding as the hands on his wrists tightened. "You are mine to do as I wish, when I wish and however I wish. You are mine Sherlock Holmes."
“No, no don’t do that.” Sherlock says shaking his head and holding his hand up as Molly doubts him. “Listen, I know you can make this drone go where ever you want it to go.”
"Yesterday...I told you." Sherlock looked up then and paused. "I didn't tell you." He whispered, his eyes wide as he pulled out his phone and cursed.
“Would seem our reputation proceeds us.” Mycroft said as he pulled free a phone and started to text.
The dreams had changed. He still ended up in some hell hole, still had the shit beaten from him, still had hands....but now John was there, being punched, kicked, hurt, taken.
Sherlock smiled some more then just lent down and pressed his lips gently to John's. John sighed and pressed back before taking control and kissing Sherlock for all he was worth.
Sherlock finally opened his eyes to find John knelt before him, his head lowered, hand in his lap, fist open, palms facing up as though he was looking at them for the first time.
"Love you too you madman." John replies with his cheeks still damp from tears. He leans down and ever so gently kisses the lips of the man he loves.
Standing, John let the blanket fall from his shoulders and just watched as the first police officer reached the person heading their way. The person stummbled slightly causing the officer to catch them just as a paramedic joined them.
“It’s fine Greg.” John mutters and he starts to slap at Moriarty’s face. “Come on Jim, time to wake up.”
“We should come back here.” John looked up using the window to look behind him. Sherlock was lent against the door, still dressed in the black suit he had been wearing before, and looking amazing.
But throughout the whole talk all he could think about was Sherlock. He was in some room within the hotel doing who knew what and John had no idea what he could do, either to help or to ignore.
“Sherlock?” John moved to the head on the bed and gently place a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock flinched but he didn’t wake and he cried out as though he had been hurt. Pulling his hand away John became concerned as it became rather obvious that Sherlock was trapped in a nightmare, something that until now had not happened, something that John had been waiting almost a week for, dreading the moment when it would finally happen. Now that he was here however he knew he just had to help Sherlock wake and deal with the aftermath when he did wake.
“John… please, please, turn your back.” Sherlock asked again as he started to lay down fully onto the ground, his arms wrapping around himself as the high started to hit. “Please John, please…”
“He was in surgery, I’ve page him and he will be here soon.” She turned to John. “Keep him calm, you’re helping.”
“Ah Maddie, what have you been doing?” Moriarty asked moving further into the room, then turning to look at Moran. “Oh Moran, you really had to go for the face? Such a shame, she was such a pretty little thing.”
Sherlock glared at him. "You have to operate on yourself, remove a bullet and stitch yourself up while high on painkillers."
Sherlock paces, his heart racing, a smile plastered onto his face as the others chat between themselves adding to the level of excitement in the already charged room. The only people not talking were the marines, they stood behind a table, with Coffey sat before them, his hands hidden under the table.
"Yeah, the current pulled me out a bit but I was able to find a safe spot and swam back. By the time I got to a safe place I was that exhusted I passed out. When I woke it was too dark to see so had to wait before I started to climb again." Sherlock reached out then, taking John’s face in his hands. "I am so sorry John."
Straddling the man’s legs John placed a few well aimed punches to the man’s face, blooding his nose and sending him unconscious in seconds. He then went about searching him and laughing as he found a gun placed down the back of the man’s jeans. Checking the clip, he loaded it back up and placed it down his own trousers. He also found a knife as well as an extra clip for the gun.
"John!" Sherlock’s voice broke through everything causing John to pull his hand free and go to Sherlock.
"Yes. But the feeling of that touch was too much, he probably thought he could handle you touching him because he had become used to it." Stepping forward Cathy placed a gentle hand on Sherlock's forearm and looked up at him. "Come to my office Sherlock. John will be out for a while and we need to talk about what to do next."
The two men continued to work as Molly kept moving Big Geek trying hard to get just a glimpse of what they were up to.
Once at Sherlock’s side his fingers itched to touch that hair again, but Mycroft was still gently stroking through the curls.
"It would seem my mind has started to play tricks on me. If I remember correctly I threatened Cathy and some orderlies with a knife?"
"Yeah, new plans I've just added." He said with a half-smile before picking up the rat perched on Molly’s shoulder. "Didn’t think you would still be down here Beany."
“Yes he will, he will care because I tricked him.” John smiled against the pale fingers. “He will love it, love the mystery of it, will want to learn everything…everything.”
The film continued, they stayed close together, held eachs others hand and for John, it was one huge step forward to recovering.
"I... he won't want to see me." Mycroft almost stammered. His mask having totally dropped, gone was the government official, in his place was Myc, Sherlock's older brother who was more afraid than he had ever been.
"She loves it." Molly said taking the rat back and placing it on her head before shining a torch in Sherlock’s eyes.
Taking a sip of her coffee she watch the two, with Sherlock sitting on the edge of the sofa and John leaning back meaning the two of them had already put of defences and all they had done was make tea. She had a lot to work through with the both of them, if only she could convince Sherlock to talk to her separately, then she really could help them fix the rift that was healing but still very much between them.
“Oh good.” John smiled at the tone, the relief in his partner’s voice at not being sent away clear to be heard.
"Feel free to use it." John said as he picked up a few things off the bed and throwing them in a corner. "Unless you think what's his face would disapprove of you sleeping in your ex's bed."
“Okay that is good, really good.” The voice was happy, hopeful, but it was also starting to fade. “Can you op…”
“Here.” John started to kick back the cardboard before leaning down, pain clear in his face as the wound at his side protests, to moving back the heavier sheets. Lestrade rushes forward to help, raising an eyebrow as a hatch appears.
“Get rid of them.” John said, his voice tense. “Get rid of all of them, burn them, delete them, do what every you can but just get rid of them!”
As he turned onto Bakerstreet he again adjusted his grip, his eyes casting downward for a second. When he looked back up he stopped dead, his grip loosening causing his shopping to fall, the bags spilling everywhere and those around just stared and walked round, not a single person stopping to help.
“You were on a train, an explosion ripped through the carriage we were on. You got hurt, badly. You have had over twenty hours of surgery and where the hell is Doctor Ansari?” John looked up to Mary who was watching Sherlock’s vitals with concern.
Within the hour Mycroft had a cleaning crew in, along with Beth, or was it Angela, he didn't really care. But with her help and Sherlock barking orders, the flat was returned to its former glory.
Not caring of the company, John turned so as to lean his forehead against Sherlock’s chest and closed his eyes.
“I can extend that.” Sherlock looks back to John his clear eyes holding John’s. “There’s some storage tanks outboard on the wrecked module. I'll have to go outside to tie onto them.”
Blood ran from the corner of Sherlock’s mouth and when he coughed it caused more to spill out covering his chin.
Running his finger through his hair for the hundredth time, Sherlock pulls off his jacket, throws it over the back of his chair and continues his pacing.
"Not dreaming John." Sherlock’s voice rumbled through him. "However, it is nearly eleven and Cathy wants to see us then."
Sherlock was, without doubt, the love of his life, he needed to take care of him, to help him in anyway possible and right now Sherlock needed grounding.
He was sat in the lounge bar at a hotel in Brussels, it was a break from the shit holes he had found himself in of late, in fact it was more than a break, it was more like a holiday. But he was still working, still dismantling Moriarty’s network still trying to keep John safe.
Closing the door, he went back to Sherlock’s bedside, once again picking up his long pale hand and holding the fingers to his lips.
“Oh shit.” Sherlock mutters as he stands up straight and has no choice but to watch as the cord pulls taut and the whole rig rings with the sound of it, the pull knocking everyone off their feet, into walls and into equipment.
"Not your fault mate, I would have done the same if my partner was injured." The paramedic offered, which caused John to open his eyes and stare a moment.
The two held each other’s eyes for a few more seconds, John turned away first. "Just take me to him."
"Ah well, John has..." He stopped talking as the door downstairs opened and the foot steps were heard on the stairs.
“Looks like he hit you pretty hard, you’ll have a nasty bruise, and you also hit the back of your head. Would you let me see how bad it is?”
"No, but I tried, and then I found you. You who offered me a life out of the shadows yet gave the same adrenaline hit a mission in some god awful country could give me. You made normal look boring, you also made every mission I had been on pale in comparison to what you offered." John paused, his eyes searching Sherlock’s.
Sherlock walked through the mess hall, two cups of coffee in hand as he walked quietly pass the sleeping crew. They had all passed out once John had given the order for lights out, after all they had all been up for over forty-eight hours.
“Violet. She loved her garden, it was her peace, the place she could just be.” Sherlock followed his mother as she moved, watching as she bent to do something then slowly straighten the pain evident on her face. “She became ill when I was in my late teens. She died when I was twenty-five.”
Stacy hit the emergency button as Sherlock flat lined. Staff seemed to appear out of the walls pushing him and John back as they flattened Sherlock onto his back and being mindful of his injuries started CPR.
He hadn’t seen the extent of the damage to his arm so he was unsure if he needed stitches or not. He got his answer a whoever was tending to him started to stitch. Tensing he tried to slip back into the welcome nothingness that was unconsciousness but he was denied it.
"I should be helping you, I should, but it's hard. I need to remind myself constantly that you are alive that you are real and that this isn't just some dream I'm stuck in. God Sherlock...I love you so damn much! Too much, it has be classed as too much, because my dependancy on you is...it is not healthy!"
John watches her go then looks back to Sherlock, his eyes were closed and for a moment John thought he had fallen back under.
“He's stuck, the same as before. Or he is so deep in that mind of his that he just can not be roused.”
“John…” Sherlock sounded lost, confused. “John, please, please, I can’t…just…oh god, please, just give me more, please John.”
Sherlock was a mess, of course he was. Tortured for three days, still recovering from his wounds and now given something that just made every cut, bruise and broke bone even worse. He was going through hell and John was useless, he could only watch as his friend suffered alone.
As the door gives John is pushed through with a tone of water, Anderson is pushed back his arm hit pipes as he went, a cry of pain leaving his lips as his arm broke. Mike grabs Anderson other arm and they all rush down to the other door, falling threw it as it closes and locks behind them, saving them from the freezing water.
"Oh you are good!" MaCormick crooned as one of the men took Sherlock down and just let him drop to the floor, a mess of blood and pain.
“John please… Oh god, please stop…no….stop….STOP!!!!!!” With this John realised Sherlock was dreaming, his torment not ending with sleep, only continuing, an endless cycle that he couldn’t escape.
He was halfway there when another explosion sounded, this time from behind him, and the screaming stopped, as did the motion of people. Only John seemed to be moving, seemed to be the only one functioning.
"They have intubated him to help with his breathing, that is the tube down his throat, the pump machine next to you is what is helping him. The wires leading down from this monitor-" he moved his hand from the monitor along the wires that disappear under a blanket that covered Sherlock’s chest. "-are attached to his chest, they will be monitoring his heart rate and blood pressure as well as his oxygen levels." He then went on to explain each IV line, fluids, blood, antibiotics, then to the lines draw off all the built up fluids Sherlock would be unable to regulate himself as well as a line drawing fluids from the injury itself. All around them were the machinery to help keep Sherlock alive and once John was done he just breathed as Mycroft processed.
"Austin Craver did things, unspeakable, evil things. Things I can't...I can't think about, let alone talk about."
John frowned then looked down noting the cracks in the earth for the first time. Eyes wide he moves quickly towards the police officer.
As John quickly and impersonally fished out the key, Sherlock steadied himself on the handrail outside the door.
"Ask Cathy about a morning meeting. We could have breakfast together...in the conservatory...if you want."
"William." John whispered causing a visible reaction in Sherlock as he went totally still. "Don't stop breathing Sherlock."
Gritting his teeth, John closed his eyes for a moment then with everything he had he pushed against the men holding him. Breaking free long enough to place a well aimed punch at one of his would be captures nose he smiled at the feel of bone breaking and the splash of warm blood on his fist.
“Oh but I think it is.” Sherlock countered. “This is my rig and you dare bring something like that on board. I don’t think that to be a very smart move.”
John shook his head, lowering it till it was pressed to Sherlock’s shoulder. “How are you remembering all this?”
Sherlock woke with a shout, his hand outstretched, eyes wide, sweat covered his body, his hair clung to his face, sheets wrapped around his legs and tears ran unchecked down his face.
They held each other’s eyes as the music started to replay, the violin filling the silence as they just looked.
It started slowly, the crystal eyes cleared, they focused on the room around him then on John. What colour Sherlock had gained started to drain from his face, leaving him once again grey and sickly looking.
Slowly the water begins to move again, seeming to look around as it goes, as though it is scanning, searching as it moves its head. Reaching the end of the corridor it looks first left then right before moving like a weightless snake towards the makeshift sleeping quarters.
"Not according to John. You talk in your sleep and well he told me you have cried out more than once."
"Yeah, everything is fine." The youngest of his crew sounded shaken up, but he also sounded as though he was trying to be brave.
In the hours since John had woken, five nurses, one doctor and one phycologist had visted. John had only spoken to them, one word answers in a dead emotionless voice. His normally vivid blue eyes had darkened to almost black pools, closing of all doors to his feelings, giving nothing away.
"I need my phone, it's... I need it to...but then you're here, really here." Sherlock lifted his hands to John's face, his fingers gently as they touched, as they stroked.
"Hello boy." Redbeard’s tail wagged some more as he came closer and licked at Sherlock’s outstretched hand before allowing Sherlock to scratch behind his ear.
"I have you." John pushed the knife away from them, the sound of it moving across the floor loud and intrusive on Sherlock's fragile state of mind.
Waking, he blinked a few times before pushing himself up, swinging his legs around before running his fingers through his hair a few times. Standing he walked to the window that looked out over his mother’s rose garden which was in full bloom and sporting every colour of rose you could think off. As he watched, a woman slowly made her way through the flowers, dead heading them and cutting a few stems, each time bringing the flower to her nose.
Suddenly pale blue light lit up the outside of the cab. Frowning Sherlock leans forward to look out the window. Something moves quickly pass the sub heading down into the blackness of the abyss, the speed and movement of the object causing the cab to start to spin.
"I am real. This is real, you came back, you came back for me because I needed you. You came back and my god I hated you, but not now, now I need...I need to be here for you. Let me be here."
"No." Sherlock shook his head again. "I was stupid, I never thought, never knew that he could, did feel that way."
"I see you’re not...coping very well, two cakes in the last...fuck!" Mycroft took hold of Sherlock’s free hand as his younger brother turned back to John, pushing his face into John's arm as his body succumbed to the pain.
"John loves you, he needs you just as much as you need him. He wont pity, he will try to comfort you, and do things at your pace."
"Maddie give him three mg morphine." Maddie nodded her face showing her fear at having Moran with them but glad to have a job to do.
Closing his eyes he curled up more into himself as he tried to evaluate. This was the first time since Sherlock’s return that he found himself drug free and truly feeling everything in what he called real time. The drugs normally kept his emotions on the back burner and he was able to pick and choose what he wanted to look at. Now however everything just wanted his attention. His anger held center stage, followed by saddness, hurt, fear, loneliness and then joy, pure unadulterated joy. He was so happy that Sherlock was alive, so reviled to have his friend back, to have the man he had denied loving for so long back within reach, it was brilliant, but it was also terrifying.
John watched him as he himself sat on the bed. John allowed himself to drink in the sight of Sherlock up, sitting, looking tired yet so relaxed and happy to be out of the bed. He has been able to wash Sherlock’s hair the day before, something Sherlock had said he hated but John had seen the content look on his face as John rubbed shampoo into his hair then rinsed it clean before applying the conditioner Sherlock insisted upon. So today his hair shone, it was a bit wild, but still looked good, and the man’s eyes were alight with something as he worked on whatever was on the screen before him.
Back in Flatbed Sally finally got hold of the de-coupling mechanism when the cable pulls taut sending the sub sideways and dislodging the grip causing Sally to be tossed about inside the sub as it is pushed violently off course.
“Sorry…that’s it? You’re sorry? Damn it Sherlock we shouldn’t have even been here! We were to be in Italy, but you insisted we postpone, that we just do this one case and then we would go, we would have our fucking ‘sex holiday’ as you like to say. We should be sat by some pool, or lazing about in bed, or searching the local area, we should be doing anything but this!”
"No." Cathy said as she stood. Walking around the table between them she stopped and crouched down before John.
"No John." Sherlock took John’s face in his hands, his eyes searing as he stared down. "I love you. Please don't think that a lie, please don't put what we have worked for in the same box as everything else."
“I don’t care, let him. But there are thing’s in that file, things he cannot know, things I don’t want anyone to know.”
John watched Sherlock load the files then watch. He allowed himself to study the man, to take in his appearance, his posture, his pain level. Sherlock was in serious pain, he hid it well, but John had learnt to see it, to find the tells, and one such tell was the way Sherlock kept clenching his fists.
“Quiet!” Mike shouted as John entered followed seconds later by Sherlock. “Seriously guys shut it!” Mike turned to glare at those still talking excitedly.
“Oh.” Sherlock breathed out as he looked over the damage done. The scar he had been expecting to see had been a simple one, big, but just a long line. However, what he saw was a long branch, going from under his ribs on the left, ending at his right hip and it had many smaller branches coming from it. The muscle mass missing was evident by the dip in his flat stomach and the bruising was extensive, covering most of his lower body.
"John?" The voice was rough, lack of water the obvious cause but also from extensive coughing. "John?"
“Doesn't mean you had to marry him.” Sally countered as she continued working. Across the pool Molly listens with a smile, knowing the story well but not commenting as she continues to watch over Sherlock using Little Geek’s eyes.
"It's okay, I'll get you out soon." John said then cursed his eyes narrowing. "Key...where is the key?" He looked down at his friend hoping he would have the answer but Sherlock wasn't looking at him. Following his line of sight John stiffened at the sight before him.
"Check this out." He drops Beany in the box and, before Molly can protest, closes the lid. Beany is forced under the surface. She struggles for a second, and then bubbles come out of her mouth. After a moment she casually starts to swims around in the liquid, completely submerged, breathing it all in. Mike and the others stare into the box, amazed.
"Deep." He shrugs slightly.  "It's classified... you know. Anyway, you breathe liquid, so you can't be compressed. Pressure doesn't get to you."
Greg steels himself, then reaches down pulling Moriarty from the pit. John gets himself out and helps to move the half unconscious man to the cardboard.
They didn’t talk much after that, just cuddled and soon fell asleep, or at least Sherlock did. John stayed awake, kept himself alert, he didn’t want to miss a second of this, didn’t want to wake with Sherlock gone. He wanted this to end with a goodbye.
She stood, brushing her skirt and straightening her jacket as she walked back to her desk. As the two men left she lent against the solid wood before her, her eyes closed as she held back her own feelings. John was still unstable, his change in emotional state an instant thing. Yet today was progress, today she saw him truly happy for the first time since being here. But at the end he regressed, going back to the place he had been in for so long. Her job now was to prevent that. To teach him to move forward and to not go back, to not trap himself in the state he had becone so use to. Once she had done that, then they could go home.
"Close the blinds." Mary said as she picked up Sherlock’s wrist and timed his heart rate, even though a monitor did that for her.
"I'm not fine Sherlock." John said in a shaky voice. "I am so far from fine, fine is a whole other universe."
“All stopped!” Sherlock’s voice rang out over the com and John scrambled to his feet pulling himself up on whatever would hold him and then just ran heading to were the worse sounding alarm came from.
A knock at the door interrupts the rest of their conversation. When John opens the door Molly is on the other side.
John’s stern voice sounded like he was at the opposite end of a long tunnel and fading fast. It was the last thing Sherlock heard.
"John, I'm too heavy and...fuck!" He blinked dried mud and small stones from his eyes as his weight pulled John over the edge just an inch more. "John! Please-"
“Broke out the cage, dispatched the first guard, a black eyed man that wanted to rape Sherlock. I just knocked him out, but by the time I had returned to Sherlock his neck at been slit.” John started to walk towards the building.
“You might start feeling dizzy, possibly a bit sick but it will pass and you will be asleep pretty soon.”
The bars were cold as he lent his head against them, his eyes wanting nothing more than to close, to sleep. But he couldn't, he wouldn't. Not while Sherlock curled up into himself, shivering hard from pain and cold.
"John, you need to sleep." Mary was still crouched before him. "How about I fetch you another tea, some toast as well as some blankets. You can sleep here and no one will disturb you until you wake or Sherlock wakes."
"Ari, get here." John demanded suddenly. Standing she watched as he pulled free of Sherlock then ever so gently pulled the man up into his arms and whispered in his ear. Sherlock nodded and turned his back to John.
"Two have ripped." She said moving to the cabinet full of medical equipment. "I guess today will be a good day to learn how to stitch, I've been watching you all day."
Cathy turned to watch as Sherlock walked in, he looked lost, and not at all stable or happy with what he was seeing.
Sherlock felt drained, he was hot, his hair stuck to his neck and forehead and even though his breathing had evened out he still felt dizzy.
John woke slowly, his body having sent him into a rather deep sleep after the events of the day. As he woke he remembered what had happened and his mind shouted at him to wake up faster, to make sure Sherlock was okay, but his body was having none of it. He felt soft and heavy even as he slowly forced his eyes open to take in his surroundings but the first thing he saw was Sherlock.
“Emergency! Emergency! All hands to Maintenance Room B!” John shouted also hitting the fire alarm for good measure.
She didn't know what John was doing but so Sherlock was panting hard into her mouth, then he arched back so she nipped and licked at his neck.
“Bart’s, always Bart’s. But Mycroft wants you moved.” John whispered back, his eyes closed even as he gripped at the cotton t-shirt Sherlock wore.
Laughing, Sherlock turns to John, his face bright with a smile that John returned. Standing he nods then heads after the water snake, the sound of several footsteps following him.
John knew Moran, knew what the man was capable of. He may act like the big brute but he was smart, his tactical knowledge was outstanding and he pretty much knew what the other side was thinking before they even did.
"Mmk." He mumbled leaning back aginst Sherlock, allowing his eyes to fall close and letting sleep take him.
Pulling on a jumper John looked himself over in the mirror happy with the finished product. He really had been a mess when he got home, not only covered in blood but soot as well. His hair had been more black than blonde, his clothes ripped and covered in, well it was unsalvageable, so into the bin it went.
"I know. John would talk about you not liking others touching you. That only he could treat you when you got hurt."
Mike cuts the hose as Anderson wedges a crowbar into the gap his ring was keeping open leaning on it as the door stops trying to close now its power has been cut. Mike joins in while John pulls with both his hand’s helping in the effort to save him.
"Now that was a case." Sherlock looked to Cathy, his eyes narrowing but he too kept his smile. "Shame we cannot talk about it."
Lifting a hand John moves it to Sherlock’s hair as Sherlock leans his forehead against John's chest.
The doors swung hard hitting the walls, interupting the silence for a moment before a long suffering sigh escaped the man waiting at the end of the hall.
“You and I both know that’s not true.” John sighed happily as his brain continued to work on what it was he was going to do once he was free. “You know that I will get out, in fact, you’re planning on it.”
"Not much longer." John said as he reached the end of the room and opened up another hatch. This led to a dead in room once again full of floating dead.
John didn't get the chance to say bye. Sherlock had fallen unconscious while still in the train and hadn't regained consciousness since. It was a blessing that he couldn't feel the pain his body was going through, but John was a doctor, he knew that the reasons that led to a person losing conscious and Sherlock’s all led to blood loss.
"One day you will know it all, I promise." John whispered as he placed small butterfly kisses over Sherlock’s eyes and cheeks before kissing him again.
“K, you too.” John shifted again this time wrapping a hand around Sherlock’s arm, again making sure not to cause any discomfort but clearly wanting to be close.
John stared openly, the man was stunning, he was captivating in a way that no other could possibly hope to be and when he turned and looked straight at John the world went silent.
The lights flickered above him showing him torn apart body parts and burnt skin, it also showed blood and so much more that he really didn't want to think about it and it was only because of his training that kept him from running in the opposite direction.
The silence that follows is thick, uncomfortable, broken only as Mary once again enters. She seems to feel the tense nature of the room as she goes about checking Sherlock over in silence, her voice quiet when she speaks to Sherlock asking him about his pain, and if there was anything more that she need to know to which Sherlock had simply said that he was tired.
"Penicillin and all other painkillers will run out in less than a week if you both continue to take them the way you have been." Maddie sighed and stood slowly from the small medical fridge placed on the floor.
After another half an hour Sherlock started to feel the affects of the pain killers, something made evident as the man's body started to relax and colour slowly returned to his cheeks. By the time he was able to talk without gasping Mycroft had appeared and was sitting in John's chair.
Slowly John started to move, a sigh escaping Sherlock before he cried out again and again and again as John started to fuck him.
"It's the trust we still need to work on, we both know that. But I know you love me, I know you're sorry and I know you are the only true thing in my life right now." Leaning up he brushed his lips against Sherlock’s, but didn't outright kiss him.
“I may not have been able to find this Moriarty, I have however been able to find out quiet a bit about him.” Mycroft held out the file to John, which he took and started to glance over what was within.
"John." Sherlock grabbed for John's hand, not thinking, just needing to be grounded as images flooded his mind.
Half an hour later John was sat at one end of the sofa and Sherlock sat at the other end. They were watching Phantom Menace  (Sherlock deciding to watching in time order rather than release order). New mugs of tea steamed on the coffee table and a plate of cakes sat between them. Sherlock had offered to make some lunch, after all it had been rather late when John woke, but he had said cake was fine.
“You must be Scott.” A voice said pulling him from his thoughts. Looking up he looked at the man he had been waiting for and smiled.
The doors when opened revealed the man he didn't know and when he stepped in John kicked out landing a hit but not able to give it much strength. The man raised his eye brown then looking behind him a second before stepping even closer.
John quickly relayed the address and all the information the police needed then he demand to be put through to Lastrade.
Demarco looks down for a moment then sighs. “Two Russian attack subs, a Tango and Victor, have been tracked within fifty miles of here... and now we don't know where the hell they are.” He looks back up with a determination in his eyes. “Okay, I don't have any choice. I'm confirming you to go to Phase Two.”
“John.” He tried again, this time getting the whole word out but his voice no more than a whisper. Clenching his fists, he tried again but ended up coughing, a lot, which in the end was the thing that woke John Watson.
“Okay, let say that he is. What are you going to do about it?” John came to kneel behind him, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s shoulder and resting his head atop of Sherlock’s curls. “You need to get yourself out of here first.”
This was the second time Lestrade had been able to visit, the first a week ago and it had gone well. At least Sherlock had thought it had gone well until that night he found John in the shower, curled up on the floor, his clothes still on and the water near to scalding. It had taken a day for John to come back to himself and Sherlock was lothed to have Lestrade visit again, but John had insisted and so they spent a few hours watching a game then after took a walk through the gardens.
“Okay, now this is serious. Your speech is slurring and you have let a total stranger into your flat. Please, let me get you to hospital.”
When his eyes landed on John he smiled slightly, his eyes closing a moment before he slowly forced them back open.
"You're lucky I didn’t meet her first." John muttered as his breathing slowed and he started to regain control. "Five seconds in your company though, I'm pretty sure I would leave whoever I was with just after that amount of time. Hell, five second and I haven't left your side. What have you done to me Sherlock?"
Thank you all for taking the time to read this!! I hope you enjoyed it, and as always, your comments and Kudos give me life
Sherlock was abandoned by his friends a few days later. He went home crying the day they refused to talk to him, running into Mycroft’s arms, sobbing into his brother's shoulder. “Oh, Sherlock,” Mycroft said, soothingly running his hands over Sherlock’s small, heaving back. “You don’t live to please others, alright? If you have questions, come ask me, and I will answer better than your teacher ever could. Some people just aren’t equipped to handle people such as you and I.” Sherlock sniffled, wiped the tears off his face, and nodded once with finality. It stung, the abandonment, but that was the end of that.
John gritted his teeth when he saw the bruises littering the skin over Sherlock’s too prominent ribs, and he skimmed his fingers lightly over the purple and blue splotches, clearing his throat to push down the emotions he could feel building in this throat. Sherlock hummed and placed his hands on John’s shoulders, drumming his fingers slightly. “I like that John,” he said, squeezing John’s shoulders lightly before continuing his drumming. “It’s comfortable. Nice. Soft. Not too much.” He was mumbling now, a happy smile on his face. John’s insides twisted uncomfortably as he placed his hand in the small of Sherlock’s back, pushing him gently towards the bedroom.
