Ireni helped her off the drink and picked her up. She offered her a job, where she could travel and fight and have some purpose.
Greg put his head in his hands. "I—nothing, how was your honeymoon?"
This kiss was actually better than the one in the carriage. It had promise and passion and permanence, and Sherlock didn’t ever want to stop.
“We’re not going after her, John,” Sherlock said. “It’s done. Let her be. She’s got a conscience. That’s more punishment than anything we could ever do.”
Mother shook her head. “She’s going to have nightmares.”
“Does it matter?”
“Will you relax? It’s almost over.”
“Veritas…isn’t that a truth serum?”
Sherlock pulled  away abruptly, fumbling in his coat pocket. He pulled out a small black box and held it out to John, who took it with shaking hands.
“Everything.”
Mary and Martha’s graves are well-tended by her widower as well as his husband. Her spirit is well aware of their love, and feels pure relief that neither man is alone.
Shake my head. Not hurt. Not my body, at least. Look down and see my shirt and trousers soaked in Mycroft's blood. No wonder John thought I was hit too. “I'm not hit,” I try to tell him, but my speech is slurring badly. Start to tremble. Shock?
(will kill him will take his life with my own hands will make it slow and painful will watch his blood draining out of his dying body )
Tomorrow.
Soft summer rain was drizzling down on him. It made the city smell of earth. A wonderful smell, linked in his mind to childhood and freedom and joy. A smell of freshness, of growth. The water in the air was so light and warm that it felt like it was caressing you. A pleasant, almost sensuous sensation.
Liar.
Mary Morstan is not stupid. When John comes home, telling her about Sherlock's miraculous resurrection, she knows her life with John is in danger. She listens intently when he tells her how his feelings for Sherlock cannot be renewed, and she realises that he is lying to himself.
The sponge is forgotten now, slowly spinning in the swirl above the drain. Our tears are mixing. We are hiccuping in sync.
After eight minutes I am sure that he has something to do with broadcasting the video. Problem: Mycroft had his minions check Jesterton's online traffic as well as his mobile and that of everybody probably involved with him. There was no hint he might be involved at all.
I nod, which is a stupid idea because it makes my face hurt even more. “I'll take them on the train,” I promise. John squeezes my hand again. I am tired, even though it is only half past eleven.
“You,” John answered, a bit surprised by how soft his own voice sounded, “I am talking about you.”
He grins at me, and there is a giggle bubbling up in his eyes. “Sorry,” he says to the woman, “he tends to become a bit jealous from time to time.” His eyes shift over to me, “For no reason, by the way”
But I seem to make do.
I close my eyes and cannot help but groan, feral, deep. Only groaned like that once in real life. Made John come instantly. Not inner John. He just smiles, that dangerous mischievous smile.
The clip went on, and now it became obvious to Mycroft: John's surprise at not being properly tethered, John checking his facial hair to disprove the time frame Sebastian had given him, John trying to give exactly the answers Sebastian was expecting. Sherlock regaining his spirits, a proud smile on his lips.
Her eyes are wide open, blue like all baby's eyes, and she has lots of short black hair, and her nose and chin look strangely like John's. But she is so small and helpless and her fingers are insanely thin. I am endlessly grateful for the fact that John holds her, because I would surely drop her or squash her.
So I dutifully brush my teeth with a horrible hotel one-way toothbrush and insulting hotel tooth paste, wash my face with a scratchy hotel facecloth and ignore the fact that I should have taken a shower instead. I am surely dirty, and sweaty, but the challenge of taking a shower alone with a broken wrist is nothing I can face today.
"I will call John tomorrow," I announce before going to bed. My parents approve, each in their own way.
In that very second, the door of Sherlock's room opened, and Mary came in. Not quite knowing why, John let go of Sherlock's hand quickly and moved back a little.
“It is nice to see that besides all your care-taking you are still able to sulk properly,” he says after a while, with a wry smile.
Big Boy pulls me into a kneeling position again and there is Mary's face right in front of me. “You only have to say it, Sherlock,” she purrs, a satisfied half-smile on her (despicable) face. “Do you want me to stop?”
When John comes back after more than three hours, his eyes are red. He embraces me (shortly) and apologises. "I just cannot stand seeing you like that," he explains later on, Emmi on his lap. I think he wants to say more but doesn't. Not sure if it's just my defective deduction skill or if there is really more on his mind. Annoying.
„No, Mrs Watson. You won't.“ That sentence, combined with the attempt to step forward, could be considered my second worst mistake during the entire affair. Though it is a bit hard to tell, given the huge amount of mistakes I happen to have made lately.
I remember yesterday night more clearly than I want to. How the fresh air has been a relief after the overheated atmosphere at the dance floor. How I went away fast, so that no one would have a chance to follow me and hold me back. (Still feel the deep disappointment when I realized that no one was trying to.) (Wonder how long it took him to discover that I was gone?) (Wonder if I would like the answer? Probably not.)
My heart skips a beat. On his arm, cuddled against his chest, there is Emmi. Half asleep and curious at the same time. Five point six centimetres taller than when I last saw her. Her hair longer, now definitely golden. God, have I missed her.
He felt a grin spreading over his face. Sherlock saw it, too, and opened his mouth, surely to say something entirely stupid. He would not let that happen, John decided, and because he still did not have any idea of what to say, he quickly leaned forward and kissed Sherlock.
My mind goes numb. Utterly completely numb. I enter the house and find myself under a hot shower without knowing how I got there. Then I am lying in bed, the taste of sweet tea in my mouth. Then the sun is shining into my room. Then I am sitting at a table at a familiar café. Breakfast in front of me. My parents next to me.
Mary sleeps for another two hours, and when she comes back into the living room, I am finally able to control my manic grin. The fact that John immediately switches to concerned husband makes it easy.
For the first time I know for sure that we will heal.
John will never love Sherlock. How could he? How could a person as good and pure as the doctor love someone like Sherlock Holmes? It is impossible, and it will not happen. That is why Sherlock sees no need to tell him about his feelings.
Then his brain kicked in, telling him that had he really been shot in the head he would already be lying at the ground by now, dying or dead. He reached for the liquid on his head and eyed it curiously. Yellow paint. He had been shot at by a paint gun.
With Baker Street destroyed he had not even thought about it. His natural helper's instinct. He had taken me home with him, and put me on the sofa, and left me alone with a soft blanket and my thoughts. Had he lingered a bit longer than a platonic friend would have? That night, I did not know. I did not dare to think so.
By the time John had realised what had happened Sherlock was already running towards one of the nearby houses, only to spin around at full speed, grab John by his sleeve and continue his sprint into the house. The door wasn't locked, and within less than thirty seconds they were standing inside an empty room on the second floor.
“In the beginning I thought it was coincidental” he explained, again giving his voice this faraway sound, as if talking to himself. “Whenever I had a nightmare, I would wake up to the tunes of Tchaikovsky.” Truth. “But it wasn't coincidental. He was able to predict if I would have a nightmare or not by deducing I don't know what.” Truth. “And when he saw the hints, he would stay awake for me and start playing at just the right moment.” Truth. “I always thought that there was not a more selfless way to show me his love.” Lie. One that Moran bought.
If only Sherlock would dare to deduce if John Watson loved him back. It would be so easy to find out. Stand close to him. Talk to him in a low voice. Accidentally touch his hand. And then: Just observe his pupils. Are they dilated? And then: Just check his pulse: Is it elevated? And then, just to make sure: Press your back against his pelvis for some reason. Check out how his private parts feel in your back. Does his penis become erect?
It breaks my heart.
He only tunes in again when she touches his arm. “Tell me the truth, you did not listen to a word I said, did you?” she huffs. Of course he had not, so she repeats her idea, “Why focus on what went wrong? Take your list and concentrate on treating John well, according to it. Maybe everything will fall back into place.”
(Eight point seven seconds can be a long time when you know that you have been killed. Mycroft had fought death for nearly twenty-two point three seconds.)
Later I briefly wonder if it is a good sign that I was not crying silently but with loud sobs, but I am too heartbroken to give it much thought.
Mary looked disappointed, but there was something wrong about her expression, something false. She leaned even closer towards Sherlock, looming over him now. “That's a shame,” she mused. “There is no footage from the shooting, no eye witness … We will probably never learn who did that to you.”
And what? Grab a glass of wine? Drink it while standing in front of him? John has not touched his. Sit down then. But where? Next to him? How close is too close? How far away is too far away?
(See the end of the chapter for
Davies looked at him curiously. “Well, it looked grim for a while, but from the report the main surgeon wrote later I take it that they stopped the bleeding rather quickly and then managed to shock your heart into working again.”
John has set up several traps to make me “talk about my Christmas feelings”. The first two (“Lull Sherlock with boring stories of other people” and “Talk about your own childhood first before imploring Sherlock's childhood further”) were too easy to avoid. The third one (“Kiss Sherlock until his brain lacks oxygen”) was trickier, but I succeeded in getting away of course. Nearly gave in to the fourth one (“The Puppy Dog Look”). Must be careful not to look at John's face for too long in the near future!
My face is swollen, far worse than I realised. Most of it looks like haematoma but there could also be a broken cheekbone. The reflection is not very clear but there seems to be dried blood on my temple. My nose is definitely broken. I look like hell.
I would fall in love with him right now if I weren't in love with him already.
But there is no time to think about it, because the midwife (twenty-eight, still touched by the wonders of birth, drummer in a punk band) comes out, in her arm a little (innocent, helpless, fragile) bundle.
This chaper includes a few lines I would have loved to see on screen.
How about some comfort?
“I asked him insistently not to research her as well,” I explain. “Tell him to send us everything he has found out about her since then.”
I stood with them inside their suite, watched them having sex. Mary on top (of course), both slick with sweat. I listened to John's heavy breathing, to the fast delivered sequence of “oh yes” and “harder” and “more” he will never say to me. I looked closely as his body became rigid with pleasure, watched his eyes flutter during orgasm, indulging the knowledge that I will never be able to make him look that way.
When I stop the car (after an eight minute drive) he looks at his feet. “Coming here was a mistake,” he says softly.
John looked like he wanted to leave again. He started to fidget, his hands opening and closing again and again. He was clearly fighting for composure.
Oh. “Julio Adessi was the victim, wasn't he?” Of course John knew that already, but he was still pretending to be an interested journalist and not a voluntary crime chaser who got his information directly from the British government. “Yes, poor guy.” Mandini must have seen the suspicion in John's eyes, for he quickly continued: “My people have checked up on him closely. His work was nothing but exemplary. Served for ten years, but left the forces after his last tour to Sudan in 2006. Worked for one and the same security firm afterwards, never attracted any negative attention.”
And what a glorious first kiss that had been. A clash of lips and teeth and hunger. Two starving souls, desperately in love for so many years, lost in a place without hope for too long. It was clumsy, and too wet, and absolutely perfect. The first time they kissed. Unexpectedly, out of the blue. Seven months ago now. The unexpected beginning of a life so rich and colourful and warm and safe.
That is exactly when his mobile rings. You have to admire Mary's timing. She tells him something I cannot hear, and John pales. “Oh my God,” he says, “how often? - What? You need to – Yes, yes, good. Which one? - I'll be there.” He hangs up. Stops the cab and is already halfway out of the door when he (unnecessarily) explains, “The contractions started. She's at the hospital, I need to go there.”
There are only two people in the world that know about Sherlock's feelings for John. Neither of them is John.
The child stops crying. (Don't wonder why! Just don't think about it!)
Then a voice breaks through the wall I erected around me within seconds. It is warm and soft and not pressuring me at all. It makes my walls crumble to dust and pushes time so it passes again.
“I ...” Sherlock seemed to ponder several answers before he went on: “... need to deduce something.” John glanced at the screen as well. He saw himself, tied to that dreadful chair, his face a mess, swollen and pale and sweaty and bruised. And he saw Sebastian Moran, tall and handsome, but his face equally pale and sweaty.
Very soon he realises that we are not going to his holiday home but mine. He doesn't mention it but his body tenses for a while. Then he seems to lose his last bit of strength. He stumbles, eyes nearly closed now, and I carry him more than I support him. The way home seems endless.
It has been a while since John has last been abducted by a black limousine. He knows that running away is not an option, so he gets in voluntarily on that rainy afternoon.
So when I wake up in the middle of the night my heart is still so filled with contentment that I need a moment to realise that John has woken me up inadvertently.
“So, if you feel weak or think that you lack the strength to sit up or hold a cup of tea on your own, well, that's because you are weak,” the doctor went on. “You will get a special training to rebuild your muscles, of course. Usually, the body reacts to it very quickly.”
“As we have for many years,” Watson replied evenly. “Those of our acquaintance know us as friends, and we are careful not to appear otherwise to strangers. It is not an assumption many would make.”
Molly had never seen a room transform from a trial for child murder to a party quite so quickly. Gone was the prisoner’s chair, the witness chair, the table for the royals, gone was the solemn crowd. The huge curtains were drawn back, revealing quite a nice big ballroom, and by the time the luncheon feast was served, there was music and everyone was dancing.
“Grand-daughter,” Queen Chessa said. “We hoped to join you at your wedding.”
“Sure. We’ll just have to hide the ponies we got you.”
Holmes took Watson's hand and kissed it. “If I am worth remembering at all, John, it is because of you, you and your insistent need to show me my own humanity. That gift alone is worth more than a thousand titles.”
(See the end of the chapter for
There was a deathly silence in the chapel. The shouting had stopped outside, and no one clapped. No one said a word.
Sherlock inclined his head. "Brother in law, you never cease to amaze."
"No," Sherlock said. "It seems just like our place, just more...more people."
Sherlock’s eyes went wide. He opened his mouth, and then shut it and dragged John out into the hall. “Drugs,” he hissed. “Drugs?”
And hand in hand they walked together through the door towards the bees, the garden, and their new and honest life.
The first few hours went by in silence. They were still in London’s territory, so there was no need to be discreet, and they kept to the road. Sherlock and John walked hand in hand, while Anderson walked just behind, his eyes fixed on the ground. Something was clearly bothering the spy, but when Sherlock glanced at John, his husband shook his head. Sherlock agreed. Waiting for Anderson to spit it out would be best.
“We have eighty silver pieces between us,” Stam—Mikey?—said hopefully.
Molly smiled. For the first time, she could see fear in Jamiarty’s eyes.
Greg thought about it. “I suppose…you haven’t any ideas at all?”
“This is not sin,” Holmes corrected him. “I refuse to believe that.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Couldn’t agree more,” John said with a smile.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Not a chance, the way Jamiarty pays his guards,” Anderson argued.
Max sat her down on a bench and put a cup of creamy soup in her hands. “Drink it down, and listen to me.”
Hope I didn't traumatize anyone too badly.
“Hurry up? John’s got ten minutes left to get ready.” Sherlock twisted around to look at Molly.
“Of course we would,” John agreed. “But they haven’t said a damn word about any of it, and they gave us a brilliant wedding. And I know you missed them just as much as I did.”
("Damn it, Sherlock! He's sensitive about his height!"
Sherlock hesitated only a second. If this wasn’t the right time, when would it be? “Did Harry do anything like that?”
John thought it over. “She’s gonna ask him to marry her now and get it over with. He won’t let it slip until morning.”
“Positive. But that still doesn’t help us; the Cliff’s aren’t that far from here by boat.”
Thanks to everyone again for reading and commenting, it's made everything lovely, and a lot of things possible.
(See the end of the chapter for
The one time they come close to getting caught, it’s Charles Augustus Milverton. He makes an offhand remark while discussing their client’s bill. Milverton doesn’t make it home that night; a protective older brother deals with the political fallout from disposing of Milverton too soon.
“We need to call our banners,” Queen Chessa said. “We may be trying to avoid war, but if it is coming the troops should be on their way. Besides, a coronation is an important event. I would like to attend.”
“And even if you’re not, it’d be much better to have you as a Queen than Jam—sorry, Grampy. Better you than the Vomitous Mass.” John patted her hand. “I think it’ll be great.”
The cases referenced in this story are 'The Adventure of the Blue Carbuncle', 'The Disappearance of Lady Frances Carfax' and 'The Adventure of the Mazarin Stone' (I couldn't resist when I saw the page's name was Billy).
Stam gave the old man a hug. “Wait until the moon is high in the sky. We’ll be there by then.”
He held out his left hand to Sherlock. “Put it on, will you?”
“We thought about it, but we’re not exactly Mike and Molly.” Kitty smiled a little sadly. “I don’t think even Uncle Mycroft could forge enough documents to make us look like suitable parents, especially when there are so many couples that are infertile.”
“Oh, that would be a mistake. You’re not going to send us home?”
Sherlock buried his face in John’s shoulder and held him close. “I thought so too,” he said in a muffled voice.
“I believe they’re returning from Regalia, aren’t they?” Uncle Mycroft asked. “John wanted to see the caves.”
But Molly threw her head back and laughed. “I think that’s what happens when you leave the Dread Pirate Roberts and his husband alone for two days.”
“Da, no, I wanted a hippopotamus,” Stan groaned.
Papa rolled his eyes. “She’ll be safe?”
“The Prince you serve is evil, cousin,” Stam replied. “I’ve stood by for too long.”
“I wanted to make you breakfast,” John grumbled.
“John, I love you. I vow to stand by your side forever, no matter what challenges we face. I vow to cheer you in sad times, to comfort you in hard times and to rejoice with you in the good. I give you my heart, such as it is.” He slid the ring onto John’s waiting, trembling finger.
Sally did put down the soup this time. “I was bred to be a Carrier. That was all I was ever supposed to be. Not a mother, I know, but I was raised to bear the children of kings. And I nearly died bringing my daughter into the world.”
So they’d spent that day getting ready. John camped with the Carriers outside, tending to Cerise’s wounds and watching the door. If Jamiarty was going to come during the day, they needed to be ready.
“You seem a decent fellow. I hate to die.”
Sherlock still couldn’t look him in the eye. “You’ll be safe, John. I can’t think you dead again. We’ll be alright; we’ve learned how to live without each other. Be happy, John.”
(And fade to black).
This takes place before Victoria Sails.
"Busy as ever, Molly. And how's himself?"
"I'm writing up an old case that your grandfather and I worked," John answered.
This is about a year and a half after the last chapter.
She fell to her knees, slumping against the wall, pain throbbing through her body. This type of wound could be fatal. Would be fatal.
“We’re going to my ship. We can run right along this ravine. Then we’ll just go through the Fire Swamp.”
“We haven’t been…brothers. By mutual agreement. Not by hatred so much as protection. He works with dangerous people.”
The man’s eyes narrowed. “You…you must be John. Watson.”
“I’m not getting married tonight, so there will be no honeymoon. John will save me.”
When they reached home John pulled Sherlock into his arms and held him close. “You were going to leave me,” he whispered.
Alright, this is gonna be a long one.
A woman clad in a cape, the hood falling over her face, stood outside.
“No one’s ever given you a chance to think, have they? Especially not that
“Then go. Fair winds, Lord Moran.”
Watson groaned as his vision cleared. Then he blinked. Blinked again.
“Well. Maria, what does this have to do with anything?”
“Well, several hundred years ago, our ancestors made the decision to procreate—”
So Riley would continue to control herself. She would (and could) keep calm and fulfill her mission with Moran.
John furrowed his brow. “You don’t know?”
They were all waiting for Mycroft to return, and when he did a shudder ran through them all. He’d only been gone ten minutes. That wasn’t a good sign.
Kitty shook her head, curling in on herself. "I'm alright, Doctor. Thanks anyways."
“We have no time to waste!” Molly grabbed her sword again, and almost looked like her old self. “We must find him!”
“Are you alright?” Molly gasped.
Luckily Philip hadn’t heard. He was standing with the others, talking through their options. Options, treaties, rules…the didn't matter. Someone had stolen her daughter. Someone had taken away her child. But she didn’t know if her child was alive or dead. Only Grezzik did.
A crowd was gathering as people discussed the noise.
"Seven." Worse than a broken bone. When John used to get migraines they would last for days, but the pain rarely reached more than a four.
Sherlock shrugged as the others laughed.
“What did I do wrong?” Sherlock asked, heart plummeting.
“Why the hell would anyone steal puppets?”
*************
(See the end of the chapter for
“Your Grace,” Molly asked quietly, “do you mean the clearing on the edge of the palace grounds?”
“Love, I thought you would know me anywhere,” Janine said, smiling brightly.
“That’s why I can’t pick the song,” John said seriously. “That’s the best I can think of and he’ll—he’ll think it’s a joke. Please, Greg?”
When she found Janine, it felt like the room became empty. And as she took her lover’s hands, the same song started to play, the same one from ten years earlier.
Princess Janine took the scroll. “What do you think, my love?”
“Make him Duke of London. He will be good at it. He likes bossing people.”
Holmes’ voice softened. “You’ll be alright,” he promised. “It’s not pleasant, but you’ll be on your feet soon—” His voice cut off with a gasp.
Holmes looked up in surprise. A small clipper ship floated just beyond them, her name proudly emblazoned on the side,
“There. We’re just evening the score.”
Watson walked forward a few more steps, stopping when he was within arms’ reach. “Sherlock, you told me this was for thinking, making things more clear. Why…in God’s name,
When Jamiarty got to the room with John and the Count, he ignored the Count’s surprised shout and went straight to John. He looked weaker, drained—he’d lost fifteen years of his life already.
The doctor's husband worried for the woman who was the closest thing to a child he'd ever known, and he worried for the doctor. Since his own loss, assisting with childbirth had been unspeakably difficult for him. His husband knew this time was personal, knew this was hard, and worried desperately, fearing the consequences were something to go wrong.
“Are we sure you should be travelling?” John asked. “You’re still not fully well, and it’s a long journey.”
And with that statement, the coldness came into his eyes. Sherlock had only ever caught flashes and dismissed them. After all, wasn’t his own heart far colder?
When we returned from court Mrs. Hudson met us at the door. She informed us that we had a visitor. My husband did not seem surprised, which intrigued me. Mrs. Hudson withdrew to the kitchen, promising tea in an hour, and we ascended the stairs together.
“How long?” she asked.
Sherlock sat at the desk and opened the box of knives he’d ordered for Jamiarty. A wedding present, for a husband who loved to hunt. There was a dagger that would kill anything in ten seconds…a nearly painless death.
Watson waved his hand and smiled. “Mycroft going so far as Plymouth? Such a case must be highly interesting, or at the least dangerous. I refuse to let you go alone whichever is the case.”
“Well, we’ll have you all down for a visit later,” Grandfather John said, “and we’ll all be ill if we stay out in this rain much longer.”
“Your way!”
“What have you done, Sally?” Sherlock sounded psychopathically calm, even to himself. “Sally,
“What will happen?”
Watson was the farm boy. He was a slave, an orphan his parents had taken in to work the fields since it was clear that their precious
He patted Sherlock’s shoulder again and left.
Mary Watson, née Morstan.
Sherlock stumbled back as the rat hit his legs, but he stayed on his feet.
Greg just laughed from the kitchen. “I didn’t say it, John.”
Hopelessly confused, Stam followed her down, the giant behind him.
Riley is interrogated, and she reveals a disturbing truth from the past.
“She’s not going to get much chance at that if we don’t sort out this mess with Jamiarty,” Sally sighed. The little hope she’d had vanished. Even if her daughter came back, she would never be safe. Jamiarty wouldn’t stop trying to go to war, and they would have to run. Only Sally didn’t want to run. Florin was her rightful home, and she missed it. It would be beautiful now in the Kingswood. Being a Carrier meant standing around waiting for a same-sex royal couple, and Sally used to spend most of her time in the garden. The King had sometimes come to see them, and he always brought sweets. He was the one to tell Sally she’d been chosen as Jamiarty’s Carrier, and he’d brought her a huge bag of lemon drops, her favourite. “You’ll Carry Sherlock’s baby, of course,” he’d assured her. “It wouldn’t…well, it’s better that you carry his.”
“Woohoo!” Miracle Max rushed to a shelf and crammed on a hat that looked as old as he was. “That’s what I call a noble cause!”
Lunch was tea and risotto with some of John’s shortbread biscuits on the side. John suggested they go outside—or at least open the curtains—but Sherlock claimed that he was testing a plant’s ability to grow in stale air and artificial light, and he wanted to keep conditions stable for at least 12 hours. He wouldn’t tell John where the plant was. Instead, Sherlock told John stories about old cases, which were interesting, but not as interesting as why on earth Sherlock didn’t want them to go outside.
“Are you hurt, love?”
"You don't? Ah, what a shame."
(See the end of the chapter for
Kitty and Stan's vows (traditional Unitarian)
“Total.”
“And the men?”
And now she had no one to fight; she beat every master she came across. There was nothing more to work for. There was nothing left.
Weddings don't change too much.
Which explains how she could play along so nicely when I faked our relationship (rather amateurishly). “Don't worry, you did quite well,” she tries to reassure me and pads my arm once again. “But next time you try to be convincing, you should really have sex. I always do that.” (Love how John's face tells me not to.) (Good for us that Mary is looking at Janine at that moment.)
Sherlock placed a map of Umbria on the small table. “Adigi lived here” he pointed at very, very small dot right in the middle of nowhere, “in a small aggregation of houses that belong to the community of this little village.” He pointed at another small dot. John eyed the dots curiously. “So?” “It's the mountain village where my family used to spent the better part of the holidays. We owned a house there. Sebastian accompanied us a number of times.”
When their love making no longer hurt me enough, I started imagining them sitting at the beach during sunset, holding each other. That is all. No orgasms, no explicit talking. Just the two (three) of them, belonging together. That never failed to send me spiralling down into desperation.
Every time my body needs longer to recover. Every time I refuse to tell her to stop. After a while I lose track of how often I have been sent into agony. I am only vaguely aware of her asking me to tell her to stop again and again. At a certain point John's voice chimes in, begging her to stop, telling her she's killing me.
Then, finally, when it is already dark outside, a text. “False alarm,” it says, “Back home now and completely exhausted.”
“Yes, don't worry,” I chime in with what I hope is a relatively honest looking smile on my face, “The chances of dying in a riding or sailing accident are a lot higher than dying in a plane crash.”
A violin case.
Can't help but feel smug. Mary Watson does not share her loved one. That is why John is in danger. I figured it out. “It's about sentiment,” I tell my inner Mycroft proudly. “I detected it anyway.” (Making sure I don't voice that thought this time.)
When he steps back to look at me, there are so many things to say crossing his mind. I can deduce most of them. It does not matter at all that none of them make it out of his mouth.
“You cannot deduce how broken John is, so you simply stop thinking about it at all,” inner Mycroft chides coldly. I try to will him away (no matter how happy I am about his company), but he stays. “You don't have to deduce that hard to find out what is wrong with him, “ Mycroft continues, “Just think, Sherlock! For once just think.”
Ten minutes and thirty-eight sent texts later, my mobile rings. John. Can hear soft breeze and his footsteps that echo on a wet pavement that is still slightly covered with sand (from a construction side). “Why are you walking down Bedford Gardens?” I ask, not really the most pressing question on my mind. But it is John I am talking to. No matter how angry he might be, he will know that what I am really saying is, “I miss you”, “I am sorry.” and “Are we all right?”
When he does not go on, I ask him again, “Why didn't you?” My voice sounds awfully small. He sighs.
and presses Emilia Grace into my arms before marching away.
Only that instead, he heard a rather unceremonious sound that could be inscribed like “clung”. Completely surprised, he looked up. Mary was gone, replaced by Mrs Hudson, who was swinging a frying pan.
Then he shook his head. “Our family dog when I was a child and absolutely irrelevant right now.”
23rd December
We spend fifteen minutes pretending I will return to England after successfully finishing my assignment. Fifteen minutes for me to dream of a domestic bliss I never knew I wanted. John in the kitchen, preparing tea. GraceOrJoshua sleeping in my arms. The smell of infant all over the flat. Mrs Hudson and Molly standing by to babysit while John and I solve spectacular cases and have spectacular sex afterwards. Fifteen minutes to believe I still have a future.
3rd December
He does something to the settings and the shower starts to produce soft, warm mist, coming from above and from the sides. It reminds me of being in a tropical greenhouse, with a strangely erotic touch to it. The water in the air is so light I can feel my curls getting frizzy.
John lies awake for quite a long time, and wonders who that person next to him is and what he has done to Sherlock Holmes. When he is sure that Sherlock is fast asleep, he gets up again and ponders about that strange day some more. He feels like they had a terrific time together, even though he cannot say clearly why.
only for a second
No vaults. No alternative.
John was dead.
Sherlock always hopes for these, he longs for them because solving them always impresses John the most. But this time, Sherlock is distracted, and he does not fully comprehend why.
They sat like that for a little eternity, shifting their talk to lighter topics. When John slowly fell asleep listening to Sherlock detailing on what exactly he had done in Tibet three months ago, he didn't mind at all that his head dropped softly onto Sherlock's shoulder.
“John...” Mycroft started, and John spontaneously decided that this was all the prompting he needed. He exploded out of the chair and planted himself in front of the tall man, staring at him with as much hatred as he could muster. “How dare you come here?”, he shouted, “How do you dare? It's your fault he´s dead, and you know it. You failed to protect him. You helped Moriarty to bring him down. You said you're constantly worried about him but in the end it was you who caused all this. Get away from me, Mycroft Holmes, as fast as you can. You've never been worthy of having a brother like him. He would despise you even more now than he did before. Leave. Me. Alone.”
I touch him, just a gentle stroke with my fingertips, and he draws a sharp breath. It is amazing that my fingers alone can draw such a sound from him. I know he loves my fingers for some obscure reason, imagines how they look on his cock right now. It makes him even harder than before.
Sherlock's arms give in, and he collapses to the ground. His eyes are still fixed on John who does not look away either. He watches John trying to speak, his mouth moving, not a single sound coming out of it. Seeing that hurts more than the hundreds of metal splinters that are slowly killing Sherlock.
It is bleeding rather spectacularly, and John has to take me into the bathroom to treat me. Places me on the toilet so I won't swoon. While he holds my finger up in the air, I allow my head to lean against John's waist. It is soft and warm and safe and John. I block out the pain in my finger as good as I can, concentrating only on my body touching his.
Suddenly it dawns to me that remaining quiet might be harder than I thought.
(only because John needs confirmation as much as I do “Yes, we will.”).
Seeing him like this fills my chest with the funniest feeling. It might be possible that I am happy myself.
I even sit on the right side of the plane, knowing that looking out of the window there I will not see him (standing next to Mary, probably even holding hands) as the plane departs.
Should Sherlock contact John first? But what should he say? John already knew that Sherlock was angry. The shattered whiskey glass surely left no doubt. And the knocked over chair. And the slammed door.
The stroking of his back continued, and the voice, John's voice, kept on talking to him. ”... just a dream. It was just a dream. I am fine.”
“Sherlock,” he whispers, ready to stop me, to think about it, to be over-excessively considerate.
They were sitting opposite each other in silence for a moment,
I stomp my heel on the ground, hoping that the noise is loud enough for him to hear. (I would hate to bang my head again but am willing to do so if necessary.) His head snaps up. Good.
I am not known for bringing joy and happiness to other people's lives. Least of all to mine.
Or his enigmatic personality, John thinks, when he watches Sherlock investigating a case at The Globe, hopping on and off the stage, coat flapping, eyes burning with eagerness and intelligence.
When they reached the square in front of the Pantheon again, Sherlock wordlessly hopped up the stairs of the Egyptian obelisk, came to a halt on top of them (less dramatic than usual, due to the jeans-and-jumper-outfit) and just stared at the scene around them for an eternity. Very exposed for someone who was hiding from the world, but then his confidence in their disguise seemed to be endless, so it didn't really matter. Did it? Knowing all attempts to reach him now would be in vain, John simply settled down next to him, secretly happy about a chance to sit and rest.
It feels like they were once sleeping in a king size bed that is now somehow replaced by two twin beds pushed together. There is even more space, but with some kind of gap between them.
and answered: “I didn't order anything.”
“I think we should discuss that later,” John's voice came through to him. He blinked.
He steps back, one step, two, three. Shakes his head. It is so painful to see him like that, desperate and haunted by his inner demons.
He has been standing right here when she fired. A gun exposes our priorities. That's why his head swings around and he looks at me, frightened, checking my body for the bullet hole. Just like I check his. Our eyes meet. We are both unharmed. And we both see, finally see what so many people have seen all along. We both see how much we are loved.
“I know,” I answer. What else is there left to say?
Mycroft nodded but made no attempt to rise as well. John decided not to dwell on it and picked up his jacket. When he was almost out of the door, Mycroft's voice stopped him.
”Must be a bit after four in the morning,” John answered, ignoring everything that was awkward about their situation. He was perfect.
Shortly after the funeral he had moved out of 221b, declaring it to be too painful to stay, in reality only trying to avoid being under constant surveillance. It had taken Mycroft two days to completely bug John's transition flat, and so, after another two weeks, he had moved back in, pleasing Mrs Hudson beyond words, continuing to be bored, but being able to sleep in his own bed again.
(doesn't know yet if he likes what he sees in my face, tries to figure out feelings for me, must notice the tension in my jaw, but also the revulsion?, time to get more active)
His hand on my head stops for a moment. He must be considering something important, all his attention focused on a decision. Then it starts moving again, stronger, more purposeful. He does not have to explain, and he knows that. So instead of struggling for words, he shows me what he decided. His hand moves from my head to my chin. He lifts my face while leaning down himself (it must be uncomfortable bending down like this) and kisses me, long and soft and with intensity.
In short, for a brief moment all is perfect.
He looks at the abandoned magnifier glasses on the kitchen table, at the abandoned molecular gastronomy equipment. He considers using them, but somehow it feels like molestation. So he puts everything unused into boxes and places them into Sherlock's empty room.
Big thanks to my three betas for high speed corrections. <3
Instead, he merely felt his hair slowly curling up under the constant drizzle. That was not helpful at all!
Mycroft gave him an inscrutable look. “It seems it was the only time she ended the relationship and not her partner. Apparently, she had set her mind on somebody else.”
When he looked thoughtfully at Sherlock their eyes locked for a moment, and John knew that within a split second his friend had deduced exactly what John was thinking. To his surprise, Sherlock looked away quickly again for a moment, then shook his head ever so slightly. All right, not here, then. John slightly nodded in return and they continued talking about Italian eating habits and the advantages of a mediocre middle class childhood. A stranger wouldn’t have realised that something had been discussed between the two of them, a discussion that would have to be finished later, in private.
There is also one thing that John is still unable to do but I cannot deduce what it is. It drives me insane sometimes. When he suddenly gets cranky and I do not understand why. When he suddenly snaps at me and goes for a solitary walk before coming back into my arms, telling me it was nothing.
“Don't,” Sherlock snapped, seemingly knowing exactly what John was thinking. “Don't let your Samaritan instinct interfere with my recovery.”
No wonder I love him that much.
But that was no reason to …
“Damn, I wish I could be with you”, he said, knowing that it was not supposed to happen. “Me, too,” Sherlock admitted quietly. A confession of their friendship, so rare that John could count them on the fingers of just one hand.
5. "But I can't talk to you. I'm sorry."
John steeled himself for what was to come next. “We are talking about Sherlock Holmes,” Moran went on. “Tell me what he was doing when you left.” If this was all about inflicting pain on John, there was no reason to waste resources on inventing a good lie. “He was thinking about the case you set up for him.” Now Moran grinned at him, with a look on his face John had already come to hate.
At the train station, John takes the lead, steers us through the crowd, allows me to follow without thinking about it. He is holding my good hand the entire time. On the way to the platform he buys water and snacks. Inside the compartment he finds our seats and places me on the window seat so I can rest the left side of my face against the cold window while holding John's hand. First, he forces me to have something to eat, and then to take my pain killers. He inspects my face (carefully) and the x-ray pictures of my wrist (How did he get them?). Apparently, my face will heal and so will my wrist, even though it might take a while.
My brain is too slow. I stare at him for what feels like minutes. Try to focus on his response (but stare into his eyes a bit too long. Wish I could do that more often. Wish I had not ruined everything.) (Too late for that.) (Focus!)
There is barely another time of the year when so many people get depressed. He wishes he were still as cold-hearted as he used to be pre-John. Molly sends him a text, saying “Merry X-mass”.
Little signs of brotherly fondness always left Sherlock speechless and today was no exception. Mycroft seemed to wait for an answer for a while, then sighed a little. “You should tell him how you feel,” he said. Then he picked up his coat and his umbrella and left without looking back.
For a second, I allow myself to remember teaching John how to waltz. There is a special room in my mind palace for it. A big one, with a proper parquet dance floor. For a second, I go there. I remember holding him, closer than the World Dance Council asks for, excusing it with the fact that we are training for a wedding, not for a competition. For a second, I feel his hand on mine again, smell his sweat, hear the song we used. For a second, I allow myself to love him deeply. For a second, only a second, that love reflects on my face.
I have mixed feelings about dogs since that night at Musgrave but I am not willing to ponder that for long. The case that has led us to the north of Scotland has been both intriguing and hard to solve. It had taken three days and several brilliant deductions (judging from the look of John's face they have been even beyond my normal kind of brilliance) to find out that the daughter had hired her killer herself, trying to fake her death to escape her boring life but underestimating how stupid it is to hire her mother's jealous ex-lover to execute her plans.
“John, I can't concentrate on catching him when I worry about you all the time,” he explained, but John shook his head almost instantly: “Well, I'd worry about you all the time if you sent me away now, and after spending nine months constantly worrying about you I'm really sick of it.” Sherlock looked as if he wanted to comment on that, but then decided against it. They watched each other for a while.
One glance at him and John knows. His protectiveness over Sherlock seems to be endless. As if Sherlock is the rare, precious one and not John.
We wait for one hour and thirty-eight minutes before I go and acquire us two coffees.
“But there were so many signs ...” John went on, as if talking to himself. Don't overact now, he told himself. Don't hasten anything. He was silent for a while, gave Moran time to think about his own feelings. Let him remember the bitter sting of rejection. It still hurt, didn't it?
He had basically been living in that hospital for the last two and a half weeks. Whenever he had left, it had been with the wearying feeling of leaving Sherlock behind, helpless and on the brink of death.
A list with about 90 words, all starting with "O" is what this chapter comes from. Enjoy!
When John wakes up, he is shaking with cold. Clearly in pain but trying to keep his composure. I follow his example but soon I realise that he sees through my façade.
(looking at the toast instead of me, but body now slightly leaning towards me, shoulders starting to lose tension, finally making eye contact, face open but still at guard. “Don't keep another thing like that secret from me.”)
Sherlock wiped away the last of his tears from the corner of his eyes. He nodded. Then he saw the darkness through the window of his room. ”What time is it?” he wondered.
His reactions are (finally) obvious, nothing left hidden. He is surprised by my (overdue) straight-forward approach, has to admit that I am right, is caught between agreeing because I am right and denying because he does not want that to be the truth. After a while, he nods wordlessly.
When Sherlock is like that, John needs an extreme amount of will-power to prevent himself from getting an erection.
I am not sure what to make of it. There is way too much unused adrenalin in my blood and too many dark thoughts on my mind. Realize how I often felt this way before John. Used to take drugs, or work myself into exhaustion or worse. That is no longer an option, so I do the only thing that really helps me in a state like that. I turn to John.
After a while, the nightmares start.
The pain and the exhaustion were completely forgotten now, all John concentrated on was dealing Moran the final blow. Only three more steps ... “Anyway, if he really loved me, he would have found me after ten days, right?” Only that you know that it has not been that long, and you surely also know he is looking for me right now. Why else would you've been in such a hurry when you came in? So this is not an argument against him loving me, and you know it ...
“No” Sherlock answered matter-of-factly
That thought makes me play another bitter-sweet song before I lower my bow.
During dinner, John is completely focused on me. No flirting with the waitress, no glance spared for the other people around us. He only takes one look around the brewery and then stares into my eyes again. It feels heavenly.
“God, in the end it was mess, with all the blood and the brain mass and all and the baby was still screaming like crazy.” She is looking directly at me now, when she goes on, “I HAD to silence her, hadn't I?”
John.
The quote on category A prisoners is taken from here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prisoner_security_categories_in_the_United_Kingdom
And for the first time in many, many years, Mycroft was speechless.
“Just a moment,” John said. After a while, he saw Mary crossing the hospital's car park. He watched her enter the car and drive away. Then he turned around to face Sherlock.
sneaked to the door
“You,” he says then. When I fail to respond, he draws in a deep breath and goes on (reluctantly), “I … there was a plan already. I … I wanted … “
“You saved my life,” I say, again and again until he finally calms down once more.
When Emmi finally agrees to settle down on the floor to play with her toy blocks, John sighs but does not run away.
8th December
To make up for the long waiting, there is sex in this one.
The marked ones are point 12 (His knowledge of primary school syllabus is probably bigger that that of an average person. Give him the opportunity to demonstrate that from time to time.),
- Have hot chocolate in a hiding place outside from time to time.
Mary is the first to speak. “You never told me,” she says, in her own special way meant to show vulnerability but only comes out accusing. (Face pale, hands shaking, eyes wide open. Scared.)
“What happened will stay with me until I die,” I repeat after a while, “but yes, I have forgiven myself.”
I am lost.
He slowly returned to the armchair, allowing himself to feel the tiredness that was tugging at his body, knowing being tired would make him look worn and miserable, eyes again on the ground. Too many cameras in this flat to be himself anywhere but inside the bathroom. This was going to be a long, long summer.
“Don't worry, John, I'm not going to kill you now,” Moran explained with his abhorrently soft voice, patting John's chest, causing pain in the ribs that were most likely broken. “I'm not going to kill you against your wish, you know? But you will beg me to kill you soon, trust me.” Never. But John felt no need to share that thought with his tormentor. Instead he closed his eyes for a second, then stared at the hammer and pleaded: “Please don't!”
Going back there is cold and painful, therefore I always prefer remembering the first time I rediscovered my love. It had been the second night after Musgrave, the second night I spent on John's sofa. He had noticed my sleeplessness and had tried to cure it in a simple yet efficient way, by placing Rosie on my lap and handing me her bottle.
We'll be switching between the different groups as things go on, so no one gets bored.
By the time Waverly threw on her favourite dress and got all her siblings up (they had a nurse but she was
“Why did you say that name?! You promised me you would never say that name!”
Jamiarty considered that. “Unusual. But of course, if that’s what you wish. Sally, you will care for our children.”
Sherlock opened his eyes. Indeed they were.
Lestrade’s smile was worth all the bitter pain of that last year.
“I’ll protect him.”
Maria looked away.
The giant strode forward and reached toward the Cliff and grabbed….a rope?
“Not exactly a graceful winner, are you?”
Because of their preferred method of foreplay
“What?”
“That would be nice,” Watson smiled.
“John, I’m afraid you’ve made the wrong decision. From the moment I met you I realized that I was doomed; doomed to be proven wrong again and again by a man I was utterly unworthy of knowing. You are brave and wise and kind, and by some miracle you are strong enough to cover the weaknesses I’ve always despised in those qualities—I was wrong in thinking that I would never respect you. You are short-tempered and short and you make wonderful tea—I was wrong in thinking that I would never need you. I learned to love you, and I thought that I could never earn your love—and you love me anyways. So while I cannot congratulate you on your choice of companion, I am also hoping desperately to prove myself wrong this time. I’ve never made a vow before, and after today I never will again, so this is my first and last vow: I swear to never let you down, John, and to do everything to be the man that you believe me to be for the rest of our days together.”
Sherlock laid his hands by his sides. “I don’t follow. You have no reason to apologize to me, I intruded on a painful subject and made deductions after you told me to stop. You’ve been attempting to teach me common courtesy when dealing with strangers, and here I can’t maintain the proper behaviour with my own lover. The blame is entirely on my side, and I don’t fault you for losing your temper.”
Sherlock slumped against the side of the boat, body shivering with cold. But his mind was racing. The Cliffs…she couldn’t mean the Cliffs of Insanity, could she?
“Go to sleep with your daughter,” Molly suggested. “We’ll all keep watch.”
The sight drew them up short.
Mycroft groaned. “You can’t be serious.”
Sherlock leaned back against John. “Thank you.”
“I’m a rubbish spy—I had no idea Jamiarty meant to kill you, only that he was going to do something that involved you. And I got Riley so angry she came and stole my child! And that’s another thing—I never meant for Sally to become pregnant, it just happened! When I try to do something it’s not good enough, and my accidents are catastrophic.” Anderson put his hands over his face. “
The Count lunged forward with his sword, but Maria deflected it into her shoulder, which hurt, but it wasn’t serious. Then he struck again, but that blow went just above her collarbone, barely a nick…
John lowered his voice. "Sherlock, close your eyes." He waited until Sherlock obeyed, then carefully drew his chair closer, trying to make as little noise as possible. "Are you having a migraine?"
Kitty likes men, women and everyone in between. But she only loves Stan.
Sherlock froze, his heart in his mouth. John clearly hadn't been caught, but the girls must have been discovered missing. They needed some kind of distraction.
John woke wrapped around Sherlock. He snuggled closer anyways.
John whirled. Moriarty stood there, John’s gun in his hand and a lazy, satisfied smirk on his smug face.
"Behind me," John replied, voice trying not to shake. "He has a gun."
Watson reached forward and Holmes uncrossed his arms, holding his hands out from habit. Watson took them, his face completely serious. It was a very different kind of intensity in his eyes now.
“Are you sure?” John asked. There was something strange in his voice, something Sherlock had rarely heard. It was fear and pain, all mixed up.
“Listen to me very carefully, dear,” he said, slowly and calmly. “This is not your fault. This is my choice, and if I could make another one I would, but I can’t, so please…try to forgive me? I love you so much, Sherlock.” John swallowed hard. “You’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me, and loving you was the best adventure I’ve ever had. And I’m sure I’ll see you again someday, somewhere. Just remember that no matter what, as long as part of me exists I will love you, alright? Even if that’s only in your memories.”
That robe was heavier, and it stayed in place without holding. Sally relaxed her grip.
“And what’s that?”
“Well that doesn’t leave much time for dilly-dally.” John tapped his fingers against his chest.
Kitty nodded, her turn to be silent, and they found a large rock under the beehives. Once they'd placed it on top of the mound, Billy buried his face in Kitty's shoulder.
That was certainly true. These people were all around Sally’s age or Male. They were looking for a Female, man or woman.
blowing up all the beakers and having to start again, crowing in triumph and making a notation on a napkin pinned to the mantel. Sherlock had texted that he had gone to fetch Mycroft and Greg (death had not stopped his impatience), but Watson beat him back.
Sherlock barely restrained himself from rolling his eyes.
John didn't quite see the connection, but clearly Sherlock did.  "Tell me about your friend first," he requested.
“Like you’re any different,” John muttered. Kitty patted his hand sympathetically.
I'm curious to see what people think of this vision of the afterlife, it's something I'm starting to develop for an original project. And yes, don't you worry, when the others die they'll get there too.
"You said that you loved me," John said. "Back at the party. That's the first time you've ever said it aloud instead of just agreeing with me."
Grezzik sat the unconscious man upright and opened his mouth. Stam was pacing nervously, glancing at John every couple of seconds.
The royals work on the wider world, while Stam the Albino goes to the dungeon for a vital family reunion.
“Thank you, Grandfather John.” Billy walked to the other side of the bed and wound his arms around Holmes’ neck. “Thank you for everything you’ve taught me. Everything…I love you both so much…”
“Yes, but did you just do it for me?”
They were trained to the utmost of her ability, but in that moment, after five years of brandy and so long without a real challenge, the man in black had the advantage.
“I will.”
.” Holmes sat down in his chair. “I can't believe the nerve.”
When they got to their room, John started to take Sherlock's clothes off. "It'll help you sleep more comfortably," he said as Sherlock protested. "Eyes closed, dear." When Sherlock was in boxers John laid him down on the bed. Sherlock didn't have a fever so he tucked him under the blankets, then released his hand.
There was pity in the albino’s face. “Listen…if you want, I can give you some poison. My cousin is Moran, they won’t kill me. It’ll be quick.”
Max tapped the centre of her palm. “One day before the King became as ill as he is, he brought me a rock. He was very proud of it—he said it was his child’s handprints, made in the rock before it turned solid
“Are you sure?” Molly asked. Sherlock was healthier now, but he still was far too thin for her (and John’s) liking.
And John’s voice was terrible, his eyes blazing. “You keep your ears, so that you can hear every scream, every wail, every word of hatred and disgust that greets your appearance. You will hear the cries of pity and of condemnation, of horror and disbelief, and they will echo forever in your perfect ears.”
John was staring at Sherlock. “Why?” he whispered. “Why?”
The King and Queen had moved very quickly once the decision was made. Before noon, they were packed up, their retinue ready to go, and they were in a nice carriage. Kate was going to ride with them, as the King's newest bodyguard.
Kitty smiled. “Thanks, Dad.” She glanced out the window. “I’d better get home. Stan hates these storms.”
“As to worrying about being King…” Sherlock shrugged. “I took Princess lessons for three years, and I never felt ready to be Jamiarty’s Queen, even when we agreed not to be in love. When I asked the King, he told me that it was a living job. You’re never ready for all of it. You have to love your people and do your best, and if you can commit to that and your Queen, you will get through.”
Mycroft stared John down; John looked calmly back.
They're not quite out of the woods yet, and there are a few more surprises.
Watson held the bundle out to a weeping William Sherlock Holmes, who took it reverently. The detective was speechless as he expertly (because of course information on how to care for infants was now relevant in his brain attic) cradled Billy against his shoulder, closing his eyes. "Thank you, Kitty."
“Everything I can do,” Sherlock promised, but he felt hollow inside. Something must have gone terribly wrong.
Moran blinked twice. “Thank you, sir.” He straightened. “I will do what I can to help.”
What were these people thinking?
“I will end you,” Jamiarty snarled. “End you both.”
Sherlock glanced quickly towards Mycroft, who sighed. “John, the plan's not quite over with yet.”
John swore. “Should have known.”
The palace grounds felt very different as an intruder and not a valuable trophy, Sherlock reflected as he darted through the gardens. He used to avoid the guards because he got tired of being followed everywhere. Now he remembered how difficult it was to avoid them, how ruthless they could be. Jamiarty had trained them well.
That got the conversation going again, and they discussed first the bees and then the garden all through the meal.
“Of course,” Watson slurred. “You’re yelling right in m’ear.”
John laughed. "D'you know, I think we ought to at least have a cuppa together before we start discussing the finer points of modern sex equipment. And get you used to talking about it openly," he added as Holmes jumped. "You're sharing a room, too."
“If you wouldn’t mind, please don’t distract me. This is very hard.”
Watson’s whole body ached. How could he help, what could he say, what could he do? Desperately, his mind seized on the one question he could ask. “You call it comfort…” he said slowly. “But you don’t usually refer to it as such.”
Kitty was Mummy, even though only his Grandads called her that. Daddy always called her 'Snowflake' (which was apparently funny but Billy didn't understand At All), and everyone else called her Mrs. Hopkins. Except Billy, of course, who called her Mummy.
John had already began to scream.
“WHY DO THEY EVER DOUBT THEMSELVES?”
“Escort the Princess to the honeymoon chamber,” Jamiarty told his parents before dashing out of the room.
When Molly Hooper was twenty eight, her Dad was diagnosed, too late for any treatment to make a difference. Molly went home and looked after him with her Mum, arranging for the most beautiful flowers she could find for the funeral when it was over. She thought about changing her name back to Mary—after all, she must be grown-up enough now, but she hadn’t had the courage to ask Dad and after all, she was much more used to being Molly.
Sebastian was pale now. “She’s lying. That wasn’t in the diary.”
It wasn’t even seven minutes later, after several awful double entendres exchanged (apparently Greg had been coaching Mycroft), they’d all agreed to never discuss walking in on each other again.
John went cold. "What do you mean?"
With that unpleasant thought, Sherlock fell into a fitful sleep.
And they ran towards the palace.
Not for the first time, Holmes wished that he could live in the strange future the other Holmes had described. The idea that men could walk freely hand in hand without censorship; that marriage, indeed, was possible? Holmes had never wanted anything so badly.
"Stan helped," Kitty said with a naughty look at her husband, who blushed to the tips of his ears.
Ireni groaned. “No, Grezzik. I want him dead. That’s no favour.”
“I’m listening, John.”
******
“What if I never want you to leave?”
“Who is she?”
“Mycroft does.”
“I’ve got to sit with the other royal delegates. Stay here, will you?”
Sherlock grabbed John’s hand.
"It hurts."
“What?”
“We are. We see that the treason against his own country is far worse than a half-cocked war plan.” Janine had never sounded so dignified, so…regal. “The Crown of Guilder will abstain.”
“Not in the slightest.”
John had no objections; they’d just got back from a case in Thailand, they could do with a rest. They spent the rest of the morning watching
It took him three blocks to catch up with Kitty, who was wearing a pair of Mrs. Hudson's trainers (tighter than hers, it would help support her ankle, stupid
Mary had practiced her signature many times since accepting John’s ring, but she still couldn’t quite believe that it was about to become her permanent name.
Quick glossary of musical terms: arpeggios are the notes of a chord played in order, pizzicato is plucking the violin strings instead of using a bow, and atonal just means ‘not written in a key’, and usually sounds out of place in a song (not always, please don’t murder me music student/ musician readers).
Kitty looked up, eyes wide. “Stan…do you know what I’ve done?”
“Promise not to hurt him!” he shouted.
bandage over his leg.
Mummy had both hands on her face, but her eyes were doing her happy sparkle so perhaps she wasn't cross. "Billy, that's impolite!"
“Enough.” Mycroft felt something dangerous in the air. Something was threatening them beyond what they anticipated.
“I’m going to give a very quick speech, as the most important points have been covered by the newlyweds.” Lestrade grinned at John and Sherlock before continuing. “I just want to say something from the perspective of someone who was there nearly at the beginning of their story.”
It was strange to think that it was Watson who’d taught him to want in the first place, and how so many of the things he wanted now were out of reach. Hopelessly, fantastically out of reach.
“Oh, you can speak!” Watson stalked across the room to the bookshelf, trying to ignore him.
“Sorry?”
When Molly Hooper was thirty, she met Sherlock Holmes, who was plenty exciting and not at all romantic. Still, that was half the equation, which seemed to satisfy her heart, and she helped him as much as she could, hoping that he would think she was good enough.
“Gently, please, love.”
good to see you.”
“Whereas what was important to notice about you was that you’d let him into crime scenes, you would pick up when he called and that you’ve always been afraid of snakes.”
"How dull Sherlock, you actually believe in God! And here I thought your decay was only in the matter of the Doctor!" Moriarty was right at John's ear, almost crooning into the phone. "I'll shut up, though, this is supposed to be your and John's moment."
“All of those things happen in different places,” Molly said. “We’ll have to split up.”
, we can prove that Jamiarty murdered their sister. And now I’ll be King, and there’s no way I’ll be any good, and Sally will see that and hate me, and I want to support her and our daughter but maybe it would be better if I just went away—”
And Molly sent up a quiet thank you to the witch who’d reached out through Grezzik and saved the little girl who somehow felt like her child, the child she wanted to raise and teach and
The master held no violin; could not, in his listener's arms. And the song was not meant for any but the finest of instruments; any less would surely be an insult.
“I will be with them. And there is only one gate key.” Sebastian Moran dug a chain out from under his shirt, revealing a tiny key on the end.
Donovan raised her eyebrows. "Well, you might last longer than I thought. Unless when he does take you to bed you disappoint him."
Sherlock only had time to have a few mouthfuls of cheese before the mysterious man in black yanked him to his feet. “We’re going.” He began to run, dragging Sherlock by the hand.
(See the end of the chapter for
“So you wouldn’t have been there. Stam?”
“After you helped the Princess escape, Jamiarty took me to his room. There was a book there, a diary full of his crimes. He asked me to read it, and tell me where I stopped. He wouldn’t blame me for stopping.” His cousin still wouldn’t meet his eyes. “I finished the whole book, and told him I was still his. That’s loyalty, Stamford.”
Molly gripped her sword tightly, ready to pounce (and wishing there was more room to swing it), and she threw the door open.
John grit his teeth hard. “I'm not interested in talking with you, Donovan.”
Molly just pointed. The woman lay on the ground, gasping. She had wounds to her arms and legs, but Grezzik could tell they weren’t fatal.
“I don’t think you’re capable of love, Highness.”
“I can’t imagine any of us want to stay in Florin, right? I have a boat, we can leave that way.”
“Put it away, lass.” Molly looked over to see an older woman, shaking her head. “There’s no good in that.”
It was nearing midnight now—nearing dawn in London—but John no longer felt tired. He felt curiously invigorated, like the time difference hadn't mattered.
?! How lucky I am that you weren’t hired for your brains, you hippopotamic landmass!”
He pushed himself up. Grandfather Sherlock looked up, startled as Billy came forward, but he willingly extended his hand when Billy offered his. Without speaking, Billy took Grandfather John’s hand, and brought their hands together. He waited until they were holding on, then let go.
Riley caught it too. “Wait. She’s—but Jamiarty killed his—” she clamped her jaw shut.
“Jamiarty has a case with the Carrier slut.”
“Excellent point,” John agreed, not letting go of Sherlock’s hand. “Right let’s say this—we’re both willing. We should probably do some tests of our own, make sure that both of us are able.”
“Any riddle would do to keep you busy here in the wasteland, right?” John answers.
His eyes are emanating energy and confidence. As so often before, he is the complete opposite of me right now. I do not know if I am attracted or repelled by it.
“I always imagined you coming all the way to Scotland to investigate. It was … “ He laughs humourless, “It was stupid to imagine it like that. As if my body would still be lying in front of the hut when you would arrive. But I saw it like that in my mind.” He shifts his weight, reaches for my arms that are locked around him. He clings to my forearms. I will have bruises there tomorrow. But that is okay. In exchange, the bruises on our souls will be a lot better tomorrow.
But he is still meandering, staying in bed with her, staying in Kensington with her. Why should he not, really? He kisses her with resolve, trying to kiss away all thoughts about a certain formerly dead man that are sneaking their way into his brain while having sex with Mary.
“Want to know the worst things she did?” John goes on, grim determination on his face. I nod, and he tells me about this job she did in Argentina. Abducted the nine-year-old daughter of a minister. Blackmailed him into transferring a huge amount of money to a bank account on the Cayman Islands. Then arranged the handing over of the girl. Set her free and then shot her in the head just seconds before she reached her father's arms.
“There is no need to impress me further, doctor,” he said then. “I am totally convinced of all your virtues already. Besides, that embarrassing incident when you were thirteen was really easy to deduce.”
The torn state of his soul manifests itself in dreams that are slowly killing John. Which is good, because it is exactly what he wants right now.
He won't be finished with forgiving himself soon, I know that. Just like I won't be able to be shagged without Big Boy's shadow looming over me instantly. But we will make it.
It is a shame that John is away and can not see him pretending to be bored, because it is a very convincing performance. Sherlock is sure of that. Of course, if John was there, Sherlock would have no need to appear bored on the outside. If John was here, Sherlock would have no reason to feel completely panicked and lost in the first place.
He has seen the words “Sherlock Holmes” somewhere. Intrigued, he looks at the pile once more hastily and quickly finds the print-out of an email, about one month old. He eyes the head of it curiously.
The terrible thing is that I understand him. He is damaged so deeply that my own damage is too much for him to handle. If he leaves now, there is the oh so slight chance that he will make it.
But what difference would it have made?
For the first time, I am enjoying the Christmas season.
Love has already been promised between the married couple (more than enough for my taste), and I must admit that I am selfish enough to look forward to causing Mary the pain of loss.
Mentioning the events at Grimpen, for example. It was clear from John's initial reaction that he had already forgiven Sherlock. Why he had chosen to do so was a mystery to Mycroft. That man was a saint when it came to Sherlock, that much was clear. Anyway, John soldiered on dutifully, only pretending to be hurt by the memories.
When his nursing instincts are satisfied, he leans back.
She leans down to John's ear and says in a low voice, “Look how much it hurt him to cause you pain. And that is exactly what you have to learn, love.” She leans even closer, so close that her lips nearly touch John's earlobe. (He suppresses a shudder. That makes me happier than it should.)
And then I see it in his eyes. (What a terrible moment for my deduction skills to start working again.) He does not really believe that he will heal. He does not believe he will return.
So instead, I open my laptop and cannot help but do some more research on the crash. Pictures of the broken plane. Short reports by other survivors. Nothing new from everybody's hero of the AAIB. He surely sleeps tonight, undisturbed by thoughts of the victims, unaware of the survivors' pain. (I know that for I have been like that once. Happy about a serial killer, rude to witnesses. Life had been easier those days. And colder.)
Oh. John felt like he should make a funny remark, like “It wasn't entirely altruistic”, but for some reason he didn't quite trust his voice right now. Instead, he just smiled and watched Sherlock's face light up as well, wondering a little at how warm it made him feel inside.
On his way to my bed (which is so narrow that we will have to lie very close) (which is perfect) his eyes wander to Emmi who is still sleeping soundly in her cot.
One day, Sherlock will be forced to leave John to save the life of the only person he will ever love. One way or another. He will not tell John that leaving him will be for his own good because John would never allow that. He will just leave him and lose him in doing so.
I was angry at that woman. For a moment, when I realised that I nearly died, I was angry at her for saving me.
Sherlock's hopes fade. The rhythm of his heart goes wild. John is broken. His pulse hammers against his chest again and again. John is broken.
Studying the Word document, I cannot help but admire her manipulation skills. Everything mentioned is the truth. Only that the data is incomplete, essential facts missing, thus creating a new, better reality.
But not only did John bait me to Mummy's grave, he invited Mycroft in as well. In the beginning I only behaved because John was holding my hand. Didn't feel like talking. Of course, neither did Mycroft. After a while, John left us alone.
Love.
And suddenly it hits me. I could have lost him on that plane. Of course I knew that already, been fearing it when searching for him after the crash. But now this potential loss is filled with reality. I would have lost seeing him like this, aroused and happy. I would have lost the solemn look on his face shortly before coming. I would have lost the half-serious reprimand in his voice when he hears me telling Rosie unicorns died out shortly after the dinosaurs. I would have lost him writing grocery shopping lists with earnest compassion. I would have lost him smiling silently over his first cup of tea in the morning, made by me.
It feels like his body is melting against mine, boneless, creating a vacuum between our skins by moving so close that there is no place left between us, not even for the smallest atom. He sighs deeply.
When I wake up, I am not lying in hospital, but sitting on the bed of John's room. Have unintentionally entered my mind palace. That only happens when I am close to death, the last time mere days ago.
before Sebastian leaned closer. “You have changed,” he stated.
Opening my eyes is a hard task and takes hours. Or so it feels. My sense of time is also off. When they are finally open, I do not understand what I see. I thought my head was bending down between my knees, and that I should see the cabin floor. I do see the cabin floor, but from the side, at eye level, not from above. That is weird. Did the plane get that twisted?
John objects to the plan. Not to the basic idea (fooling Mary into revealing at least part of the truth to John, who will be completely surprised and outraged and will leave her for a while until generously forgiving her), but to my time scale. Thinks I should be completely healed before leaving the hospital in order to carry out our grand stage performance. But every day he spends with Mary is another day during which he could give away himself. The thought alone frightens me more than I care to admit.
John nodded. Of course he did not. Just like John would never forgive himself for living, heck, for sleeping with her without noticing. Then he remembered a night shortly after Sherlock's return from the dead. John had seriously contemplated leaving Mary to resume his life with Sherlock at Baker Street. Would he still be sitting here if he had really left her? Surely not. How would she have killed him?
Yes, he was. That knowledge warmed Sherlock again. He lay down on the bed, allowed John to cover him with the horrible hospital blanket, and slowly drifted into a dreamless sleep. John would be there when he'd wake up, very much alive. There was absolutely no need to worry about that.
His mouth opens and closes again and again, and I still don't understand.
“The last time we went to face him you nearly died, Sherlock,” he says quietly. Won't listen to the fact that Magnussen himself had no part in me being shot. Won't listen to the fact that there is no one else willing to bring Magnussen down but us.
(Will simply not think about how it will go on now between us. If we can be more than friends now. How a child would fit in.)
When it had been time to deliver his eulogy, he had basically repeated his performance from the morgue – starting to say something, then stopping in mid-sentence, unsuccessfully fighting to regain his composure, shaking his head and returning to his seat after less than a minute. Very impressive, obviously, as Mrs Hudson had started sobbing so hard at that point that it had been difficult for John to remain self-centred instead of comforting. He really didn't see how Sherlock was going to soothe her after returning to his normal life – whenever that would be.
I try to disagree non-verbally again and fail to make my point.
There were pictures of Mary, at different ages, with different hair colours and completely different bearings. Most of them were labelled with names he had never heard before. One showed John with her at their second date.
When it came to Sherlock, she just shook her head. “I don't know what is going on in his funny brain,” she said with a sigh one day. “He looks like a ghost. Barely eats, doesn't sleep … Threw a tantrum when I came to clean the last remains of your blood stain. And God forbid if I try and clean the fireplace.”
- who is helping Mary into her coat. Of course he will go home with her and not with me. She is heavily pregnant, and his safety depends on her believing everything is all right with their marriage. They will go home together, and I will be alone.
I thought this was true when I was younger, and I was utterly horrified by the idea.
Hopkins raised his head. "Stan," he said. "Stan Hopkins."
Sally lay on her cushion at the foot of his bed. “What’s happened, Freak?”
The man in black drew a small bag from his belt. “Inhale this, but do not touch.”
“Yes, but I am not the one who was afraid,” Watson replied.
“You follow the Royal Road, it goes straight there.”
Janine nodded. “This is a good plan. I don’t like to separate, but—”
When Sherlock hadn't moved for nearly two hours, John got restless. They really needed to talk about it, one way or another. Besides Deb there was nothing in the world as important to John as Sherlock, and their friendship being in ruins was unacceptable.
Daddy thinks about the answer for a while. (His hand on my knee. Comfort. ) "You need to trust him," he says. "I know it is hard for you, but still. He is stronger than he thinks."
Sometimes Sherlock thinks that post-John will start because of a bullet or a knife or a rope or a slip when jumping from one rooftop to the other or a car he will see too late. These thoughts always force Sherlock to curl up on the sofa, pretending to be sick, so John would pity him and take care of him until Sherlock feels brave enough to face his thoughts again without trembling.
More than ever I want to thank my wonderful betas. Not only for their grammatical input and stuff but also for their advice and support when it comes to dealing with rather peculiar comments. ;-)
But this is unfair. I might give up a bit too easy but I am still here, right? I might have been angry at being saved but I did not attempt to kill myself on purpose, right?
Thank God John was not. ”The ketamine used to induce your coma is still running through your system,” he explained gently. ”Hallucinations or vivid nightmares like that can go on for another two or three weeks.”
“The violin?” Moran couldn't help but ask, his voice clearly shaken. He no longer tried to show any composure. John needed to concentrate to avoid grinning now. He knew he was about to win this game.
Both my parents must have sneaked downstairs at night to place them there. John too. (I instantly try to deduce the presents meant for me, but all of them are wrapped up with extra stuff to conceal their true form. Rude!)
More uneventful days pass. I talk a little, every now and then. Nobody dies.
Unfortunately, Sherlock had explained, that would also imply that Mycroft would contact John more often than not, in order to ask or beg or blackmail or force him to take care for Sherlock while pretending not to talk to his younger brother momentarily, warning him of the events to come. John had flinched at the idea of lying straight faced to Mycroft, but then... If he could lie to a Holmes, there was no need to worry about any threat Moriarty could make up, right?
John knows that, and he knows how I am feeling now, for he kisses me, softly and caring, and does  not even allow the nurse to disturb us. After that kiss, I close my arms around him, pretending to press him close to me while in reality pressing myself close to him. There is something on my mind, something absolutely irrelevant after a day like yesterday. Something that pales in the shadow of surviving. Something I will only ever admit to John and to nobody else.
Boy, Sherlock really felt out of his depth.
“I love you,” she cried, looking helpless and lost. When she approached him, he stiffened and moved backwards. Not wanting to be touched by her, he kept the space between them, not realising she was slowly herding him into the reach of the prison guard.
Or take eating, for example. At a certain point John simply loses his appetite. At first, he tries to eat enough anyway, but remembering it all the time is exhausting. So he eats less and less, and frankly he does not give a damn. But Mrs Hudson does. She marvels at his loss of weight, cooks him lush meals, asks him regularly what exactly he has eaten all day long.
“Exactly, John. What do you think, how long has it taken him to realise you were gone? How much time has he already wasted by not noticing your absence?” John had been right, then. This was not just about physical pain. He willingly played along, frowning. “Well …” He let his voice trail off, knowing exactly what Moran was after. “Tell me John,” Moran interrupted, “how often does he talk to you when you are not around?” Good question. “Rather often” he admitted truthfully. “And why would he do that?” Now John held Moran’s gaze when he answered: “Because sometimes he’s completely oblivious of my presence.”
“I want you,” he starts, stops, thinks about it again, then starts again, “I want you to hold on.” When I don't react instantly, he explains, “I want you to promise me that you won't give up. No matter what Mary will do to us next, no matter what will ...” His voice breaks and he needs a moment to regain control.
“Indeed.”
(but not surprise, knew I would come, how could he have been so sure?)
“So,” Janine said, “thank you for helping me with Jesterton.”
I have no idea if she is lying now or not.
Of course it was. I remember telling him about my mind palace once, explaining how I use real places that have a meaning to me and reconstruct them in my mind. He knows the significance of this place. Does he connect my avoidance with my state of mind?
“Why didn't Magnussen testify it was her who shot me?” he wondered loudly.
It causes a pain in my heart that is different from what I felt yesterday. Different but not less painful. There are so many details I need to wrap my mind around. The deeper I analyse Mary's actions the clearer it becomes why John and I are suffering so much, even weeks after her death.
My mind is dragged back into the present by something. What was it? Must have been the TV. “Breaking news”, a news ticker informs me, and the newsreader explains, “... that only eight hours after the crash landing of InterScot flight SC-304, the cockpit voice recorder has been found. Experts of the AAIB will now analyse ...”
Which I won't. Because the moment that I tell her, she will have a reason to punish John. What a clever plot.
On my way upstairs I look at the ones I had put on the wall there. A series of five, the ones that followed the cathedral window. All with “Sorry” on their back. Their fronts showing his slow descent from depression to indifference.
The ferry is well attended but not too crowded. Shouldn't there be more passengers this time of year? Only then I realise that summer is almost over. It's mid-August. Summer holidays must be over in most parts of the country. I don't have enough memories to fill the weeks after returning from Mary's torture and yet, time has passed.
Then I realise what is wrong. I cannot deduce how exactly John has killed her. He must have used her knife of course, but did he hesitate when slicing her throat open? I should be able to tell from the wound but can't. Did he stand up to kill her or did he finish her while lying on her lap? Did she put up a fight?
“Why do young people mutilate the walls of the tube with mentions of boring topics like tea making facilities, John?” (It's tea-bagging, Sherlock, it's not … Oh hell, I'll just show you at home!)
I am ushered to the showers. The same guard watches as I undress. I try to deduce if he enjoys his job more, now that I am naked, but fail. Most likely he is simply bored. I am torn between wanting to stretch my stay under the shower to maximise the time I am to spend outside my cell, and hurrying to get away from my guard's impassive observation and get dressed again. I cannot make up my mind, so I simply wait until he tells me to finish.
For a while, Mycroft and I just enjoy the quiet of the garden and the forbidden pleasure of tobacco. Then he looks at me, deduces one thing or the other, and smiles. “You are happy,” he states.
“Oh, Sherlock,” she says, “look at you. Dying again to safe John. Doesn't it get boring?”
“What about your concussion?” I have to ask him after a while. My deductions skills are not fully functioning again just yet but I clearly remember the doctor talking about it being “severe” yesterday.
And I am not modest enough to pretend that I am not brilliant. It only takes me a few seconds before John is breathing hard again, and sweating, and lowly moaning with pleasure, and his hips are moving erratically and his fingers are buried in my hair and his mouth is hanging open and he is shivering and God I love him like that and his body rises up against the mattress and then he collapses, boneless.
But I don't have to. “I know that you always imagine everything we read about the dead sailors,” he explains. “But you don't know anything about Amrum's history. I am sure that most of the scenes you watch in your mind palace are filled with anachronisms.”
I move closer, feel the burning need to be next to him, want to touch him, but feel trapped inside my despair. I end up sitting down next to his chair, my chin resting against one of his legs. “How do you manage to be so intact after all that?”
A good question indeed.
WARNING: Torture, physical and psychological, as well as a slightly mean cliff hanger.
Sherlock was already dressed and looking through the files again
When John got up the next morning
Later that day, they are called to a crime scene at Tottenham.
He needs to concentrate on breathing, for some reason it does not happen on its own any longer. And he needs to cling to John's arm. No matter how dark it gets.
It was painful to watch. Sherlock's hand-eye-coordination was not working properly, and both moving his hand to his mouth and swallowing was exhausting for his body. It took only three minutes for Sherlock to let the spoon slip and give up.
221b has been “redecorated”. Tried to be understanding and asked John very concernedly how a bomb could have exploded inside the box with Christmas decorations and if anybody got hurt. Got a slight slap on my cheek for it by Mrs Hudson. And a mince pie.
“But we don't think so?” John asked, looking closer at the photographs attached to the file. Adigi had been shot in the head from behind, his desk a mess, the cash box lying open on the ground. “Why?”
I grab the (ugly) traveller's bag with all our stuff and search it for my mobile. I cannot find it (Wasn't it in my trousers pocket when the plane crashed?) but I find John's. Just as well. When I turn it on (not easy with a broken wrist and shaking hands but I manage) there is a total of 54 messages and texts and unanswered calls.
His throat hurt, but otherwise he seemed to be fine. Listening closely, he failed to hear proof of another person inside the room. For a second, he wanted to let his guard down, but then thought better of it. He hadn’t had time to check the room for cameras, and he didn’t want to run any risk.
When it finally becomes clear to Sherlock that he cannot solve this riddle alone, he toys with the idea of getting help. He needs a trustworthy advisor, one who is capable of giving competent suggestions, but insecure enough not to boast with it afterwards. Only forty minutes after realising that he is sitting in the morgue with Molly, pretending to be in need of fresh tongues and torn tendons.
I watch him unchain John. Watch John limply drop down. Watch Big Boy catch him and lower him to the ground. Watch him chaining John to the wall again but so loosely that he can remain lying but will be able to sit up later.
Anne or Amelie or Agneta looks at the window in surprise and nods. “I'll see to it,” she says and hurries away. She disappears into the cockpit just when the plane starts shaking. Not a good feeling.
It is one of those insanely overstated wellness shower things, with more shower heads than you need to get clean, and more settings to them than any human could ever use. I usually ignore all that by using only the traditional shower head above but John has other plans.
“No signal down here,” he tells me. “Come on, we need to get you upstairs anyway. There are blankets to keep you warm and I really want to leave this room for good.”
The fact that Sherlock cares for his friends is not a revelation he has while standing on the rooftop of St. Bart's. He knows it weeks, months ahead, when the plan to challenge Moriarty and his network is nothing more than a vague sketch. He knows that the pool incident has been nothing but a test. A test Sherlock failed by showing Moriarty how deeply he cared for John. Throwing the FBI man out of the window has furthermore proved that, for those he cares about, Sherlock is capable of doing everything.
She moves aside, clearing the view to a frozen image of John sitting in the other chair, obviously hurt. I hate remembering that moment. Probably (definitely) hurt myself more that him. I try to make the look on his face go away, but fail. Apparently am no longer in control of my mind palace at all. Briefly wonder how close to death my body really is.
It must be his existence in general, John decides when a case brings them to a rubbish dump and they end up dirty and smelly and Sherlock still manages to look enticing in John's eyes.
A cab takes us home. I am holding John's hand. He is looking grim.
Getting advice from Mycroft was a hateful thing in general. Getting good advice from Mycroft regarding his love life was unbearable. But when Sherlock finally came up with a very clever remark, Mycroft was long gone.
John will definitely not go home tonight.
Daddy approaches me. “Not just a baby step this time, right?” he asks.
“Sherlock?” he asks, his voice suspiciously wavering.
After nearly an hour, I have finally passed Sidcup and the houses are slowly replaced by fields and trees. Finally, it feels like my head has enough space to relax a bit.
Then she makes a mistake with one of the girls sitting at the other table. (She mistakes her calloused hands for the hands of a horse rider while in reality she is a coach-woman.) (Understandable mistake. I only know better because I listened to her talking to a friend some time ago.)
“To stop Prince Jamiarty, of course. Whether that’s by war or other more diplomatic means, he cannot be allowed to continue this way.”
John definitely looked nervous now. “Maybe, if…who we want say yes.”
Kitty likes to go to the park and feed the ducks with her children. It reminds her of the happier years of her childhood, when she would do the same with her mother.
Max spat.
“It is the sound of Ultimate Suffering,” Maria answered, running in the direction of the sound. “My heart made that sound when Count Magnussen slew my father. Princess Sherlock marries tonight, who else has cause for that noise?”
Cheers,
“You were being slow.”
********
"Yes he does," John whispered. "He has snipers."
Mr. Forrester’s eyes twinkled. “He only had to be here twenty minutes ago. He’s more eager than many a lad I’ve seen.”
Hopkins and Holmes were sitting at the table, Hopkins white as chalk, Holmes' shoulders tense. They both looked up as he entered.
“What have you done?” Molly asked, troubled.
John nodded. "She's a good kid, Kitty."
“No, but it’s…it’s non-consensual. Once Riley drinks it, she has to tell us.”
They joined the others downstairs. Janine’s eyes were red and she was holding Molly tightly, and Sherlock was stunned to see Grezzik give Mycroft a quick kiss. He shot his brother a look, and Mycroft just blinked at him.
“It did happen,” Sherlock said firmly.
“Nothing you say can hurt me worse than what you’ve done.”
“John…dearest, what’s wrong?”
“The Count began it,” Stam said as he opened the secret door, the path that skipped all of the poor creatures kept for Jamiarty’s amusement. “But the Prince finished it.”
“Now go home or your scallops will have been in the freezer too long,” Sherlock said, waving his hand.
“Don’t I get a kiss goodbye?”
“Well, naturally not those four, darling,” Prince Jamiarty said. “Moran, will you excuse us?”
Just as she was about to leave, Hopkins burst in, having run up the stairs. He clutched a woman’s bag in his hand and he was breathing hard.
There was only one guard at the entrance, and she looked entirely relaxed. She didn’t even snap to attention when they rode up, though her eyes widened at the sight of Grezzik.
"So you already know," Donovan said. "Or at least you suspect." She moved closer. "John, why would he want to be with you for the long term? You're nothing like him—you can't keep up with him any more than we can. What can you possibly give him that will keep his attention? He's no Prince Charming now, that's clear as day. What's he going to be like when he realizes that you're boring?"
“Of course,” John said, his irritation fading. “What is it, love?”
Sally choked back a sob as Molly embraced Janine.
Mrs. Dr. John Watson.
John grinned as Rachel explained her latest games with the unshakeable gravity only four-year-olds possess. Sherlock was all attention, offering advice on dealing with troll queens.
The shooter grinned. “James,” he replied.
"You'll have to show me, then," Watson smiled. "Dear heart, if we try and it does not work, then it does not work. But it is worth a try, so why not? We will learn together."
Hope you all enjoyed, particularly annegirlblythe!
“We need to keep things diplomatic,” Mycroft warned. “Make sure those you send for understand that we might be taking down a prince, but a princess is there to take his place.” May the Powers will it so, at least.
“What the hell?”
“Are you mad?” he asked Ireni.
John heard the lever move, and heard the Machine start to respond with a great clanging and banging, but Sherlock was there…
“They took our mothers and fathers away,” Eria said. Her eyes were dull. “Jamiarty said that he wasn’t sure if they were involved in the treason, so they needed interrogation.”
“What?” Watson asked. For the first time, he risked looking down at his wound. His eyes widened.
Sally turned. She wasn’t sure when it had happened, but Mycroft, Sherlock and John had returned. Mycroft was pale. “Have you lost your senses, Grezzik?”
When she got down the stairs, Maria caught the dagger in her stomach.
“Steady on,” John said, alarmed. “I can give you something for the pain, Philip.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You looked like Mum and Dad do when they hold hands,” Billy explained. “Only you weren’t, so I fixed it.”
“I killed you too quickly last time, and I won’t be making that mistake again.”
Kitty rolled her eyes. “Dad, I live four doors down.” She hugged them both and left, slipping her hand into her purse. Where she had the engagement ring, John figured.
“The trousers don’t fit me at all,” he called. “You know that.”
Molly exchanged an incredulous look with Grezzik.
“Does that have something to do with this building?”
“Where are the rest of you?” John asked. “You lot are safe in here, the executioner is…indisposed. But we’re looking for someone older.”
“Fine.” Ireni glared at her. “You want me to stop, pet? Grezzik, pick up the Princess. Maria, if the man gets up here, kill him.”
Lestrade’s eyes opened wide. “Husband?”
“Your Majesty, if any of us are dangerous we will never succeed,” Mycroft replied. “We must operate on the principle that we are all trustworthy and willing to fight against Jamiarty.”
Moran swallowed. “Yes. I will miss it.” He held out a scroll. “This is my resignation. Good fortune to you, my Prince.”
“Or that they don’t want attention.” Riley’s jaw clenched and it stayed clenched this time. “Anderson never liked people looking at him.”
“So, the story?” Sherlock prompted.
“Pretty direct hit to your lung,” Sherlock said. He got up and whirled around again, robe twisting behind him. Long fingers grasped instruments. Watson recognized a few.
John wasn’t trembling so badly anymore, but he still wasn’t looking at Sherlock.
“And what's left to tell, then?” John asked, teeth clenched so tight the words came out in a hiss. “My part, I suppose?”
Sherlock's worried about an upcoming visit from the past. John tries to help.
His grandfather pulled him into a tight hug, and Billy was pleased to see that he didn’t let go of Grandfather John’s hand to do so. “Thank you, child,” he whispered.
They rode on that afternoon, with the sun now over their right shoulder as it set. The air was warmer with every mile, and the cloaks were becoming oppressive. When they stopped for the night, Sally shed her wrap with a sigh of relief.
Mycroft was already there, along with a lovely woman with dark hair and big dark eyes.
His source, of course, was his own imagination. Well, his and Count Magnussen, to give credit where credit is due. It was the Count who suggested The Woman’s Crowd to kill Sherlock, but it was Prince Jamiarty’s plan. It was the greatest hunt of his life, and he was hunting for war, the greatest way to begin the greatest war.
She had him against the table again, her sword at his throat, his sword on the ground.
“That’s where the Princess’ brother lives, right? Won’t the Prince expect us to go there?”
“He will always come for me. Always.”
“Yes, and I don’t totally believe it,” John retorted.
The very next morning, Count Magnussen came in for his regular visit. But this time, he brought the albino with him. They were pulling a strange contraption with them.
Molly stopped dead in her tracks. “The Princess loves him? How do you know?”
The next few hours passed in a blur, as Maria, Grezzik and Stam (he didn’t like being called Mikey) helped to gather ingredients. Stam snuck to the castle at one point to look at the festivities and gather information. He came back in time to see Miracle Max and Martha applying a coat of chocolate to the pill.
No one believed him. No one did anything.
"We are safe here," Watson agreed. "Do you want to…try it now?"
Cheers,
His other grandfather was lying on the sofa in his dressing gown, glaring good-naturedly at Grandad John. "I slept perfectly normally, Watson, I just don't feel the need to scamper about. Best to leave that to the young ones, anyways."
If he’d been any less tired, John would have inspected the herb bunches, because he didn’t recognize some of the smells. He was that tired, though, so instead he led Sherlock over to the nearest soft pile and sank down onto it. Two days without sleep and heavy work and worry were taking their toll, and he could hardly keep his eyes open. But he managed to say one thing before he fell asleep.
“Then why do you drink it?” Grezzik asked. He was looking for food, and found some stew that tasted somewhat fresh. It had meat and vegetables in it, so he dished up a bowl.
John’s eyes snapped open, stumbling backwards, heel catching on the ledge but wait, who was shooting?
“It’s not that bad,” John said.
Holmes made that horrible noise again. “What am I thinking? I am thinking that I despise my brain and my body, because they are too quick for ordinary people but not quick enough to solve the most important problems. I am thinking that there is a soul in utter agony tonight and I could do nothing to stop that outcome. I am thinking that I must stop turning to chemical comfort because it upsets you, but I do not know how to do without it. I am thinking a hundred other things as I think this, but those are the chief problems. Tell me, Doctor, what is your diagnosis?” His body trembled under Watson’s hands.
“Hello, my name is Maria Montoya, you killed my father, prepare to die.”
“What do you mean?” Sherlock snapped. “Who did Jamiarty kill?”
She slashed her blade against the left side of his face.
“Fear of letting you see how I felt,” Watson said simply. “Fear of your reaction, your rejection. Fear of the woman I loved, fear that I betrayed her in thought if not in deed. Fear of losing you…though that fear remains.”
“I thought she might be worth something to Sally and Anderson alive.” Molly’s eyes were fierce, but her hands were gentle when she stroked the baby’s head. “Hello, little one. It’s good to see you safe.”
“He’s trying to start a war against Guilder.”
"Of course not," Sherlock snapped. "He wouldn't dream of it, it would risk--ah."
Sherlock caught the desperate flash of pain in Sally’s eyes. “Why doesn’t Sally take care of them? She will have a biological link to them.”
“As I once was.”
“When you feel up to it, I want you to go into the toilet and use it, alright? If you can, take a shower. I need to text Henry and let him know that we think it’s a drug. It might help him get to sleep.”
“But were you ever close to anyone?” Sherlock mused. “I don’t think you were, though I can’t imagine why.”
“You saved my daughter’s life. I am in your debt.” Sally considered Ireni. “I think you’ve turned to villainy because it’s easier than anything else. You look like the kind of woman who wants a challenge. Help raise my daughter. If she’s going to be a princess, she’ll need a dose of ruthlessness.”
John looked strange for a minute. Greg had seen that look a few times since he and Sherlock got together, like the man was stepping back for a moment, looking at how amazing his life was…like he'd almost missed his chance.
"She's telling the truth, but she doesn't know how bad it is yet," Sherlock said, sitting on John's knee. John wrapped his arms around his husband and listened intently.
“Go!”
Mr. Forrester bowed his head. “I’ll fetch her.”
“Where would she go?” Mycroft asked Moran.
John stood next to him, his brow furrowed. "There's bits here that I don't remember."
The rest of that night, long hours in the dark, passed slowly. Quiet, broken reassurances, and careful kisses were exchanged. Watson didn’t let go of Holmes, and Holmes didn’t let go of Watson.
“Let’s go,” Sally said aloud. She held herself tall, braced herself, and they rode out.
The queen seemed satisfied with that reply. “Then our biggest dangers come from west of Sanctaphrax in Prumpt. The President is fond of Jamiarty; I believe he was his tutor once.”
"John?" Sherlock's frightened tone nearly broke John's heart.
“This is noble, sir,” Maria replied. “His wife is a cripple, and their twelve children will starve without him…”
The man sighed. “I was sent by an interested government party, who’s been keeping track of both Sherlock Holmes and you for some time now, worried for your safety. You’ve got some very avid readers, Dr. Watson.”
“Meanwhile,” Philip said loudly, “I think Princess Janine and Duke Mycroft ought to stay here with the delegates and determine the best international options for dealing with this problem.”
"I won't if you don't," John rasped back. They'd left the lamp on, both trying to make sure the last glimpse of life they had was of each other's faces.
"Mycroft did," Watson replied. "I was summoned to see him."
John smiled and took a deep breath. "I should have," he answered. "I should have believed it every time you told me, every time you've shown me, but...I don't think I've believed it until now. It felt like—"
“Good.”
Some modern headcanons, since I finally FINISHED THEM OMIGOSH MYSTRADE WHY YOU SO ANNOYING.
"You don't have to if you don't want to," Holmes said immediately. "It was just a passing thought, I was stupid to bring it up."
"This isn't necessary. No one has to go to any trouble."
Sherlock groaned. “John, I’m attempting to
(See the end of the chapter for
Watson loved him.
But then Watson beckoned to her, and Kitty's heart broke when she heard him ask, "can we see the children one last time?"
Don't worry, you only have to wait two days instead of 20 years to know the rest.
The man in black was being very slow. He was climbing, certainly, but he climbed deliberately, making a fist and plunging it into a crack in the Cliffs, lifting himself up and trying again.
Donovan stepped closer. "That's quite long for the Freak's attention span."
“No,” Lestrade said. Something in his face had changed; the shock had faded to curiosity. “Thank you, but I believe Mr. Holmes and I had better take a walk before we eat. We have things to discuss.”
Also, don't read this listening to True Colors. Don't do it.
She stopped and raised her eyebrows at John’s cough. John cursed himself. How had he fallen for that?
Once everyone was seated, they started to ride. John had removed his over shirt to make a bandage for Molly’s wound, and his bare arms were almost glowing in the moonlight. Sherlock traced the scars on them; some old, and some so recent they broke his heart.
“Perfect.” Sherlock nestled against him, but John could still feel stress radiating off him.
John stepped forward, making sure to keep Hopkins out of view. "Go on, Blackwater. Show us a pirouette or two."
John was holding him, and the screams turned to sobs and shaking all over, and Sherlock clung to John as tightly as he could. As the shaking began to die down at last, Sherlock realized John was covered in sand too.
“You managed it. You surprised me.”
Holmes stared at him, stunned and Watson laughed. “I would never have known it!” he said, shaking his head. He glanced up into the sails. “I see you now though, Wiggins! Who’s that with you?”
“John?”
Stam refrained from rolling his eyes. These royals were so overly dramatic.
“What are you talking about?” John let go of Kitty. “You’ve got more to offer than me in terms of good genes.”
John thought about it: fake names, new identities, spending ages undercover to destroy Moriarty. It sounded sort of fun, but John wished he'd been in on the plan from the beginning, that saving Sherlock's life didn't mean destroying their own, perhaps forever if they didn't manage to completely wipe out the Web.
“So we need to stop her before she gets there!” Molly cried. “But what if she’s there by magic?”
"At what?" John asked. "Being a bull?"
“What did you want to be?”
A few moments later they arrived at the castle. Everyone else got off, but John held Sherlock back. “You know, that rest invigorated me.”
“I thought you didn’t have a problem with it,” John said lightly.
“My god. He’s climbing the rope,” Maria whispered.
To the immediate left was another door. Watson opened it curiously and found a study with a large writing-desk on one end and a table of chemical instruments at the other. Watson was pleased and touched to see there was already writing materials set up on the desk, complete with both his and Holmes’ collections of commonplace books. The chemical table had all of Holmes’ notes and a violin case and music stand next to it.
Sherlock looked up. Sally wasn’t wearing her robes anymore, she was still wearing a plain travelling dress. But she stood taller now, her shoulders back, and some of the worry was gone from her face. Her father stood beside her; there was a terrible sadness in his face when he looked at Jamiarty.
When Mary Morstan was four, she was always afraid. Mummy was kind, but she was often working at the hospital or busy at home, trying to keep her husband’s home clean. Father, on the other hand, was always home, but Mary didn’t like being around him, because he drank so much and was still always thirsty. As long as he had drinks within reach, he didn’t pay attention to her. She was supposed to be a boy, after all. When he didn’t have drinks within reach, he would go on a rampage, looking for bottles that weren’t there, punishing Mary and her mother for them being gone. Mary got good at hiding.
“He didn’t trust you!” Stam exploded. “He showed you that diary to trap you. Who could you tell about it? And now that you know, you are complicit in covering them up. But how could you, Seb?”
“I am not like other people,” Sherlock simply stated instead.
After two days and one serious misunderstanding, he places a sheet of paper and a pen in front of me. “I know you have trouble talking, but what about writing?” he asks.
But it was different now, I have to remind myself. I am alone in bed, and hurt, and worn out, but loved.
At first everything happens very fast. Sherlock insults the two men with a strange comment concerning owls, everybody focuses their attention on him, John aims at the best target, moves closer while Sherlock keeps them busy, John's pulse speeds up, he is nearly in the right position to take out the two armed minions, …
The wonderful thing about John is that he lets me be. When I open the door, I hear him say, “See, there is Papa again. We will hug him, won't we?” Plain and simple. No demanding that I talk, no accusations, no lack of comprehension.
Later, we are alone.
But he understands. “I covered him with a blanket before the police arrived, remember?” he explains, and I am so grateful that I start crying again. But only a little.
Seb holding a gun against John's head, firing, John instantly slumping to the ground, like a puppet without strings, dead before he touches the ground, blood running out of the hole in his head, eyes wide open in surprise, gone.
Oh God. I should be scared, I think, or sorry or devastated. But all I can feel is immense relief. Not sure but I am probably smiling when I nod in return. I look at him one last time.
In his mind, Sherlock replayed the scene. How they entered the crime scene together. How they were led into the room where the corpse was lying. How he deduced that the victim had cheated on his wife. How he told John. How John was unable to follow the deduction. How Sherlock had told him that it hadn’t mattered and how Sherlock had gone on analysing the crime scene.
He really means it. I nod again and relax a little. Our eyes meet and there is no resentment in his glance at all.
My skin feels raw by now, as if John has removed the entire epidermis. As if he has removed every cell that had been in contact with Big Boy. As if he has washed off every trace of him. I feel like I am a hundred pounds lighter than before. I feel like I am finally able to breathe again.
How my thoughts were swirling around the same topic again and again. The whole day, the whole last months I had told myself (successfully) that a wedding wouldn't change a thing.
Congress member Farnsworth is an elderly woman that was hot once and is stylishly attractive now. Short grey hair dyed brown, jewellery a lot more expensive than it looks. Sleeps with at least three of the men that are bowing and scraping around her, and with two of the women. Is in love with the one she does not have sex with. Likes me. The feeling is mutual. Too bad we are basically standing on different sides. But that cannot be helped.
They walked back in silence. Sherlock was still holding on to John's sleeve, a gesture that would have made John smile had he not just been demonstrated how serious the threat to his life was. Back inside their suite they checked each room carefully before Sherlock finally let go of John.
“He told me all about it against Mycroft's wish.” Truth. “Said it would break his heart if he would lose my love while saving my life.” Lie. “No” Moran said. So John explained: “You took hold of my mobile, didn't you? Checked out all those texts Mary Morstan sent me? Don't tell me you weren't able to realise they were sent by Sherlock.” Truth. “You must have noticed the call 'she' gave me just after the killer you sent to Madrid had failed.” A shot in the dark. A good one, judging by the expression on Moran's face.
“And not just him. Think of the baby, Sherlock.” She stretches her hands a little, now also including my balls. (Stop it.)
In short, all is peaceful when the loud bang shatters the air.
“You will be a wonderful father,” he says and we continue to wait.
My eyes wander, stopping at the small window on the other side of the room. It is still light outside. But cold. It had already been cold when we went outside. “It is cold outside,” I tell John. Realise how erratic my thoughts must appear to him.
During the sixth round, Mrs. Hudson returns with a young woman. Au pair from Azerbaijan, his mind automatically delivers, auburn hair dyed black, almond eyes, considered attractive by most English men, avaricious, lives in an attic, current boyfriend Arsenal fan. She takes over after the seventh round for two minutes while Sherlock leans heavily against the kitchen wall, panting.
It is a quiet day, when they do nothing but hanging around in the living room, John writing his blog, Sherlock reading a book on bee-keeping, that John gets the chance to observe Sherlock's face without him noticing.
Absolutely unacceptable.
Because Sherlock is scared to death right now. He allows himself to feel anger again for being so careless, hoping it might drive the fear away.
Thank you all for reading! It was a tremendous fun to write this one, and I've been so sad when I realized that it's finished. But then, the next one is already planned...
The gunshot rang loud in his ears. So did John's short, pain-filled scream. They were still lying so close that Sherlock could feel how John's body stiffened for a second. Then it seemed to lose all tension. He felt John's head slump down on his chest.
I move closer and he presses a few kisses on my throat and my neck. His lips are soft (when he wants them to be) and the intimacy of it all sends shivers down my spine. I feel myself becoming half-hard again.
I am sure that my bollocks will explode if we don't make it back to that damn hotel room soon.
People usually consider John to be an affable and lusty person but they always fail to see how proud he is. He would never wear close-fitting leggings, for example, no matter how urgently Sherlock needs him to for solving a case. He would never embarrass himself in front of some members of the landed gentry by hanging onto a lustre, no matter how much Sherlock needs him to for solving a case.
Mycroft says “breakfast” with the same disgust he would use to say “daily soap”, “pop music” or “referendum”. I cannot help but smile a little. Then I close my eyes, only for a second, and there is the feeling of falling again.
John gave me a funny look when I refused to be examined again but has not commented on it yet. I guess that when it is finally clear that he is really really fine, I will graciously allow a doctor to take a look at me, just to make John happy.
There is a little pang of guilt trying to get hold of my mind. We are only lying this close because John is scared to death. And yet, I enjoy every second of it. I force the guilt away with grim determination. John has to be scared to death. He desperately needs this chance to see that nothing will happen to Emmi or me just because he loves us. He needs to feel like he can protect us again.
******
But still, no reason to say something terrible like …
John writes a malicious letter to Mycroft. There are so many things he would like to shout right into the other man's face, but then Mycroft would tilt his head just like Sherlock and deduce John's  intentions just like Sherlock, and then John would have to admit that with Mycroft he feels closer to Sherlock than in anybody else's company.
“Why is that girl wearing a shirt that tells the world to go train-spotting, John?” (Because she likes a very popular film you have never heard of before, Sherlock.)
People do not know that Sherlock watches John closely every evening, for signs of upcoming nightmares, ready to leave the light on when turning in if necessary. People in their idiocy completely fail to understand that even a lionheart like John can be shaken by wounds of the past.
Now, this is a fluffy ending, isn't it? If you prefer it that way, you can stop reading now, and John, Sherlock and the baby will live happily ever after. That was my plan when I started writing, and I can understand everyone who wants this to be the end, too.
And so Sherlock was lying in his bed, wide awake for hours now, knowing that John had nearly died today while all he had done was stare at the scene, frozen, unable to do anything.
In September, John wakes up from the worst nightmare he has ever had. He just does not realise it right away. He has dreamt that he was sitting in a rocking chair. He was old, and he was looking at a picture of Sherlock. In his dream, he was filled with fond memories of their friendship, feeling both  content and warm.
Christmas is coming – again. Crime rate will drop, people will pretend to love each other, shops will be filled with annoying children and even more annoying parents. Loath it! Glad I can stay away from it like every other year.
And there is definitely a limit to how many times Sherlock can stand seeing John being disappointed by her. No wonder he was pointing out the obvious after 126 minutes. No wonder he did not care about sugar coating it.
Funny how you want to hide from the world when you have got a serious heartache. He refuses all offers brought to him by the Hudson housekeeping service, even when Mrs Hudson heinously includes Molly Hooper in her care-taking-for-poor-Sherlock-programme. He even turns down Mrs Hudson's offer of herbal soothers that she - of course - has only because of her bad health, you see, really. It is tempting, but Sherlock knows a danger month when he sees one.
This is the most peaceful day of my entire life. How strange is it to have the most peaceful day of your life only three days after watching your brother's brutal death?
“I've been through the same thing once,” he told Sherlock softly. Their hands were interlocked now but John had no idea who had grabbed whose hand first. It didn't matter anyway.
At that, he winces. So I was right. Of course I was.
Before he fully realises what is happening, John cannot breathe. He hears himself wheezing and tries to break free but the thief is two heads taller than him and so much stronger, that John does not stand a chance.
But for some reasons John's body tenses at my suggestion. “No way!” he says, so harsh that there has to be a reason. Have I done something wrong (again)? I do not know what, but that seldom means I did everything right. I hold my breath and wait for his explanation. (He always explains. Knows how lousy I am with this kind of things.)
I am sure John can see the surprise in my face. Emmi's head swings around and she starts to giggle. Then she snatches Doggy out of my hand and crawls to the other end of her (slightly too big) bed and hands it to him.
"I would love to hear you play," John says as if it was an easy thing to express.
Before I can give it another though, Big Boy grabs me and pushes me to the ground. Kneels on my chest and presses his enormous hands on my mouth and nose. I don't have any time to take a deep breath and this time it's less than two minutes before I feel like suffocating.
Mary with the gun, “I’m sorry, Sherlock. Truly am.”
After a while, Sherlock realises that he is playing with a sheet of paper. It's used and wrinkled and came from the depth of his coat pockets. It is a copy of his letter to Mary. The one with Molly's notes on it. For some reason, his glance falls on point 13 (“He is strangely forgiving when drugged for research. Refrain from doing so anyway, your chemical knowledge is insufficient.”), and tears rush into his eyes momentarily and there is a certain amount of anarchy inside his head. When the storm clears, a doctor is standing in front of him and Molly is tactfully stepping on his toe again and again.
For the first time in his life, John loves the quiet days, just as much as he loves the excitement living with Sherlock brings.
And that is exactly what happens one day. We are in the dunes, spending another painfully awkward December noon together. John is silent most of the time. I am carefully walking on the thin ice of peace and we both know I am not good at it.
He breathes in again. Ragged now. The trembling grows stronger. It will be over any second, but right now he is still here. He is still with me. I still have a brother. There is so much I should tell him, quickly. How much I will miss him. How grateful I am for all he did for me. How sorry I am for those petulant, wasted years when I was young. But my mouth is set on automatic, apparently, and all that comes out is “I love you.”
Sherlock has always known that coming back would be the hardest part of his hiatus, but he has always imagined that after a while they would resume their friendship, their life. Maybe even turning John's feelings into love.
When I come downstairs with Maddie on my arm, I can't help but look at the bookshelf again. There were only five books not covered with blood or brain mass. Father restored another seven. Twenty-eight were replaced by Mycroft, before I could even ask for his help. I have found three in second-hand bookshops. Still too many holes in the shelf. I sigh.
John's mouth does a funny thing that would surely be a smile had his nerves not suffered from the contact poison. Sherlock cannot help but beam at him. There is nothing ambiguous left when suddenly they have their arms around each other and Sherlock gently kisses John.
Damn.
For a moment he stops talking (with words, but continues to talk with his face: stiffens his upper lip, looks into my eyes, looks away again, shakes his head, purses his lips, stiffens his upper lip once more. Whatever he is going to say now, it is important to him.) (I could watch him for hours and hours.)
“You disloyal scum,” Moran snapped at him angrily. “No wonder Sherlock never really trusted you.” A shiver went through John's body when he realised Moran had used past tense. So in his mind, John's life was already over. That was not good. He forced his concentration back to the blonde man looming over him. “Why do you think so?” Keep him talking, that might delay the next broken finger, if only for a few minutes.
“Who’s Guilder?” Grezzik asked. For the tenth time.
Watson took his hand and kissed it. “Why thank you.”
"Then let's go get Anderson. It's nearly midnight, we haven't got any time to waste."
“That we got together because we dreamt of our Victorian selves?”
Anderson shocked him by stepping out. “Hello, lads,” he called.
“It is.” The King broke into a smile. “Miracle Max! Martha! It’s a pleasure to see you again.”
John was up too, his sword in his hand, but another rat came from behind a mossy log.
“Well, it’s going to be her birth name, and she can change it if she likes,” Kitty answered with a glance at Stan, “but we thought maybe the best start for a name is one that reminds you of love. So her name’s Rachel Molly Hopkins.”
Also, wee bit more swearing than usual. Hope no one minds.
“There is nothing to forgive,” Sherlock answered. “I would have believed the worst too. You just didn’t have enough data. I was playing love. So was Jamiarty.”
Cheers,
The girl seemed to be more alert now. She looked to be in her early twenties, though there were lines on her face that usually came with many more years. She had a pretty face—deep brown eyes, dark skin, a small mouth and nose and high cheekbones. She was tall but she was bent nearly double now, trying to make herself smaller even as she glared at them. Dressed in dark jeans and a black tank top, there was an ugly scar across her left forearm.
Then that vanished. But Grezzik didn’t like the decision she’d made.
In the end it was John who started the conversation. They were sitting on the couch together, Sherlock paging through his email while John typed up their last case, head on Sherlock’s shoulder. Mrs. Hudson had gone shopping, as there were no more biscuits for tea and that was a Bit Not Good.
“Of course you wouldn’t understand that.” John had a sword at his side, and he tilted the blade. “I’ll explain, and I’ll use small words so that your small mind may understand.”
"Did she see you?" Sherlock asked, voice intense.
“No, boss,” Grezzik muttered.
“I can guess at some, but I can’t help you if I don’t know.” Watson squeezed his shoulders. “Please, love. Don’t shut me out.”
“It’s a good thing you’re not the threat, Sukiv,” Savira said. “But I agree—the Archenlandian war ships can sail to Florin the moment I send word.”
(One day Rachel would meet a young lady very much like her, who didn't mind that their sex never changed into love, or that Rachel was sometimes Billy Jo. Great-Aunty Irene, after all, had taught her well).
John felt his stomach swoop. "Right then," he said with forced cheerfulness. "Kitty it is."
They all looked at Stam.
Greg jerked the phone away from his ear and stared at it. “Mycroft?”
“Right here.” Sally came around the carriage with Grezzik at her side. “Kate’s in the village, getting food. It’s good to see you, Princess.”
"Yes." Moriarty smiled. "I really should have given you more credit, John. Really I should have; you're quite clever when you want to be. I suppose it doesn't really matter, though. You'd better jump."
Some would argue that they didn’t deserve that much of a reward. They were ordinary men who after all, hadn't accomplished much.
What on earth was wrong with his grandfathers sharing a room? They were best mates, after all. And they were getting older, so wouldn’t it make sense? If they were sick or something? (Billy pushed the idea violently aside—his grandfathers weren’t that old, were they?) Anyways, the cottage was small, and they needed room for the study, for a guest room…
Grezzik obediently bent his own head to Watson’s chest. He listened for a long time, long enough that Stam hoped he’d been mistaken, maybe the shock and pain had sent Watson into a waking sleep, but the giant stood and shook his head.
“Nonsense. We’ll get married, and have a lovely cake and you can’t have any.” John turned pale, and he put a hand around the bedpost.
“You can too,” John finished. He kissed the top of Sherlock’s head. “Anyways, we’ll be the grandfathers. It’s our job to spoil the little one.”
The terrain became difficult instantly. Sherlock wished for Skull; his horse was excellent at navigating the woods. Instead, they spent a couple of hours crawling and creeping through the forest, trying to stay on track without being able to see the sun. When they rested, John climbed a tree to check their direction.
"Time to make a choice, Captain," Moriarty's voice was back to its regular sing song. "Your life, or your family's?"
“He’s dead.”
"Introducing us to what?"
“And that couldn’t wait another three months? We have kept the treaty thus far.”
John rubbed a hand over his face. “I wish it hadn’t. I tried not to let it.”
“Certainly,” Holmes said. “It’s actually quite simple…”
Sherlock held her fiercely. "Why didn't you stay behind?"
Sherlock has changed his mind, and John is in a lot of trouble.
Note: After some research, I have determined that they probably said 'fuck' in Victorian times.
“But you want more, don’t you?”
John lowered his voice—“when we’re in bed together. Something’s happened Sherlock, that’s messed with your system, Sherlock.”
Even through the closed door he could hear for himself that Kitty and Stan were still arguing furiously.
It had been seven years since the last time, but she’d never forgotten. She was in America, and she’d just beaten the local wizard. She was relaxing at the tavern, refusing ale (oh, the time before alcohol) but happily drinking the sweet raspberry juice the barmaid offered her.
“I’ll start, and we’ll pass it around,” Uncle John said. He cleared his throat.
“How are you going to catch us?” John asked. “We survived the Fire Swamp. We could have magic for all you know.” He seemed utterly unconcerned, but Sherlock had seen that look in the Prince’s eyes before. It meant death.
"Said what?"
(NSFW): When they do start having sex, Sherlock mistakenly thinks that they are supposed to be having sex every night
“No offence meant,” John said. “It’s just that someone was looking for you.”
Watson didn't look entirely convinced. He stood, pulling Holmes up with him. "Go to bed, Sherlock. Christmas can wait until we've had some sleep."
John had to practically drag Sherlock out of the cab. He tossed the driver ten quid and took his still-protesting husband’s hand. “Come
Luckily, Anderson’s spies worked quickly, and they spread out across the castle, asking Jamiarty’s advice on a hundred little tasks. It must have been fun, because Sherlock was grinning when he rejoined John at sunset.
“Kitty,” John stopped her. “You want one of us to donate?”
“As a ruler, you keep the flame of your country. You must hold the lives of your people with gentleness and love, you must be fierce in justice and warm in mercy, and you must hold the torch to pass it down one day. Do you accept?”
