Four Oxazepam haven’t helped. He will have to go out soon, hand a note to one of his contacts. Diazepam or Alprazolam this time. Temporary solution.
John grabs his free hand and places it on the buckle of his belt, pressing it to the metal. Sherlock begins to fumble with it, feeling his fingers shake. The unzipping of John’s jeans keeps Sherlock focused, but when John’s hand returns to the inside of his thighs, the focus is slightly diverted. John's hand is nudging his legs apart, reaching in between, cradling the testicles once more, fingering them, rolling them. It’s dizzying, and the only thing that's keeping Sherlock from getting lost in the sensations of it all is the mission of getting to John’s… Oh.
- in the missing girl's life so far.
He wants, but currently, the reasons not to weigh heavier than his…
Every trace of the faint smile that had just ghosted his face falls away as John feels his heart sink.
“Have you ever wanted it to?”
The act of anal penetration between males can be seen from two different perspectives.
John stares at him, his smile shifting as he mentally replays the conversation at the school, trying to piece it all together.
so painfully perfect), so much more than Sherlock could have thought anyone capable of, and it hurts. Sherlock swallows hard when John heads back towards his own room to retrieve the gun.
He had asked - or rather told John that he’d be amenable - for something, because John had said that once:
John is holding the door open for him, apparently resigned to his question remaining unanswered, his expression radiating a low-key frustration. Sherlock’s nipples still ache slightly from his own earlier ministrations, and it’s a cross-wiring of his brain that makes that feel like pleasure in this context.
“Anyway, this is not just a courtesy call.”
Cutting himself off, Sherlock throws a glance at John and finds the mostly deep, saturated greens, blues and oranges accented by a nuance of sandy beige. John looks like he’s mentally translating Sherlock’s words before he gives a small smile and nods slowly, like he’s managed to work out something from between the lines.
This is a rush of blood through his body, a sensation so strong that the doubts in the back of his head are tuned down to an acceptable level. He likes this. John Watson likes giving Sherlock more than he thought that his friend would ever accept, and he likes watching Sherlock struggle to take what’s given. Squirming as John gives his hair a harsh tug and suppressing his reflex to push John away as the pain in his nipple must surely be more intense than what could be perceived as pleasurable by any means.
Sherlock’s shout echoes around the room. John momentarily is frozen to the spot.
Something needs to be done.
And if it took 20 mg of Oxazepam to get to this point, then that's a price he'll have to pay. Two round pills temporarily easing the signs of impairment -
(Sherlock's no longer reddened, chafed wrists.)
It never stops feeling
“I accepted a shift at the clinic tomorrow morning, so if you want me to pick up intestines or more laptops you'll have to come out with it now,” John says, his eyes back on the screen.
Vibrations.
“You're looking well,” Mycroft says, half-closing the lid of the laptop, before adjusting the angle of it slightly and putting it on the side-table next to him. “But then looks can be so deceiving, wouldn't you agree?”
“So, um. When I said I was willing to go as far as… I just wanted you to know that - yes, I still… there’s... You’re still adjusting to not taking the pills, and I am aware of what that does to someone’s brain. The depr-- initial symptoms might return with renewed intensity when someone suddenly stops taking antidepressants-”
Sherlock looks out at the plane that they’re about to board. A giant metal tube in a streamlined design, the Boeing 747-400 is a wide-body airliner.  With its partial double-deck, it resembles a hunchback.
There’s no simple answer to that carefully neutral question, but his heart races as he realises that wherever he was thinking of going, he doesn’t have the right to go there.
is - or even to what they may already be on the way of becoming.
Sherlock looks up then, and John takes one look at his unfocused eyes and his clenched jaw and suddenly, something makes him want to get Sherlock out of here and away from all the people and the noise, because as much of an arse as he’s been, he looks like he might be on the verge of imploding, and John does not want to clean up one more mess caused by a very destructive chemistry student tonight.
He closes his eyes, takes a deep breath, then opens his eyes again, struggling to grasp the significance of what he’s just read.
As the lead pipe clunks loudly against the concrete floor, she gets hold of Sherlock’s arm. He manages to pull it back in such a sudden movement that she’s caught by surprise, and still holding onto his arm, her body is flung to the tiled wall behind him. He hears the breath being knocked out of her briefly, and knows he only has a second or two to act. Quickly, he jerks his own arm free and twists hers up against her back until a scream and a crack tells him that she’s at least partially incapacitated.
“Says the boy who almost got himself killed in a chemistry lab,” Nadine snorts, landing a playful slap on his thigh.
Oxazepam -
It could be--
With his free hand, John takes his own cock in hand, stroking it a few times. It hardens just a bit more and John’s index finger gets wet from the precome as he strokes. The sensation alone is enough for John refocus, his mind narrowing down to arousal and what to do with it.
(‘Well’ might be somewhat of an exaggeration, but the end result is still…
, of all places. Closing his eyes for a moment, John feels dizzy from all the reused air he's breathing in and from the feeling of a hand testing his reactions to its every movement.
(It will simply have to.)
“We’re colleagues,” Sherlock repeats, and John frowns. Why did Sherlock…? It's almost a mirror opposite of what had been said at Sebastian Wilkes’ office during one of their first cases. John attempts to establish what this could mean, but something about his friend’s face makes his thoughts halt.
John, on the other hand, needs something else entirely. Something that will make the slight ache in his bad leg stop, and distract him from the uncertainty that Sherlock detected in his overly assertive gait just minutes ago as they headed up to Beta's flat.
, finally
Sherlock looks up briefly, offering a small nod that John catches in the window reflection.
His voice is more decisive towards the end, but he's not moving away from where he’s lying on top of Sherlock. His hands are still solid around Sherlock's wrists and his pulse still hammers hard enough to be felt in Sherlock's chest, and it's a sensation that makes Sherlock think illogical thoughts about arrhythmia caused by having not one but two sinus nodes.
“Of course,” Sherlock mutters, finally finding the articles on the case he knew he'd read about earlier that year.
It’s so easy to overlook things, Sherlock knows. To fail to take things into account when considering the reasons behind a certain phenomenon.
John’s words, almost a mumble, coming from above him. John has leaned forward a bit, most likely to be able to better observe Sherlock’s face, and suddenly, Sherlock feels almost painfully exposed.
John comes, his eyes now tightly closed, his body unable to keep itself for thrusting just a bit into Sherlock's hand, and John is glad that Sherlock can't see his face, not then, not when it's scrunched up from holding back the cursing, the violent shivers.
“I don’t want to talk right now John, can’t you see I’m busy?”
John has pulled his head further back to the side, making it harder to speak, and there's a burning in Sherlock's face, so he guesses that's what humiliation must feel like under these circumstances.
John leads the way, but it's Sherlock who opens the door to his own room, then closes it behind them, breathing harder as John's hands are on him once more, rucking up his shirt from his trousers.
Deciding that three fingers ought to be enough preparation, John impatiently lifts himself up from Sherlock’s side, withdrawing his fingers and instead using his hands to pull Sherlock’s hips up, something that causes a slight moment of confusion in his friend before Sherlock understands the intention and draws his knees up, leaving his arse exposed while his face is still pressed against the pillow, his arms on either side of his head to support him.
Sherlock has nearly died from direct or indirect attempts to kill himself twice during his twenty-one years. In addition to that, he’s ended up in the A&E three times due to nearly overdosing.His track record would suggest that he’s better at surviving than he is at actually living. Given that he's also displaying most of the risk factors for people who will complete a suicide, the chances - or risk - of his life eventually ending any other way are probably lower than the promised eighty-five percent.
He couldn’t even do this properly. Couldn’t even give John one easy way out and stick with it.
A one-word answer that doesn't really tell the truth.
“No.”
) need and only allow himself to give in on a few, well-chosen instances, and now he ought to know better than to embark on external solutions to internal problems, but yet he’s here; doing it once again. There’s chaos inside his mind and new obsessions threatening to override all the previous ones (
Of course Sherlock knew.
. Meeting someone.”
There's a rustle of sheets, and John turns his face towards Sherlock, looking at him with a curious and almost amused smile.
Not until he’s made things clear and - John does not know yet that what they had is no more, and there are things you don’t do. Sherlock does knows some Rights and some wrongs - and cheating on someone is one of those wrongs.
“Is he always like that? Your colleague?”
Sherlock is so familiar with the patterns of John’s nightmares that he knows just from the sounds when John finally wakes up, terrified by the reality that once was his.
- but Sherlock’s finds that his mouth is suddenly deprived of saliva and his tongue feels like it’s too dry to form words.
For details on my choice of diagnostic framework in this chapter, see end note.
John’s move. In this, Sherlock will wait and John will lead.
For some reason, this one is a teenlock one.
“Why would I want that?”
It's becoming frustratingly hard not to avert his eyes, but then John's face turns unreadable and Sherlock is briefly distracted from the always-present discomfort of prolonged eye contact.
There’s a smile in John’s voice, and Sherlock thinks it’s meant to be both teasing and suggestive, but those things are never quite easy for him to tell without any visual input.
“Please, John is well aware that I dislike the whole setting of such ‘socializations’. Your poor attempt at deduction is not flattering to your intellect, which you like to regard as your best quality. You shouldn’t, by the way. Your intelligence is at most a bit above average, and attempting to make me uncomfortable is not very likely to succeed.”
“Love,” Sherlock says, and just as he says it, he suddenly becomes aware that it's the first time he's used this word in a context where it could allude to whatever it is that he and John… to what he feels-- “is a chemical defect.”
After Sherlock tells him, John’s face goes from dogged to focused, his colours shifting along with his expression, becoming less
“Sherlock, what the fuck did you do to the bloody wall?”
“I'm not,” Sherlock replies, and John knows that it's a lie. A lie Sherlock tells both of them in order to enable this conversation. “I am, however, not particularly eager to voice any inclinations that you might find… pitiful. My sexual desires differ a great deal from my preferences in every other aspect of my life, and while I'm comfortable with wanting them, I am less inclined to share them.”
Leaning in, John decides that words probably wouldn’t work for them anyway. So it doesn’t matter that he fills Sherlock’s mouth with his own tongue instead of filling the silence with something more verbal. And the way Sherlock lets him - lets him taste, tongue, lick - is almost like an answer, but to something John hasn’t even asked yet (and probably never will).
“Please, since when do I care about obscenities?”
And he does.
“So, I hate to ask this, as I'm fairly certain I won't get an honest or even a civilised reply, but what the fuck is going on, Sherlock?”
It’s-- functional.
Not this again.
“Yes.”
When fingers make contact with tendons, Sherlock doesn't startle. Instead, he keeps adjusting the slide, jotting down a few observations on a pad without even looking up.
(See the end of the chapter for
to use my hands, and you want to be hurt. You
“I don’t think it’ll help,” he says, grinding the heels of his palms into his eye sockets for a few seconds.
When he was seventeen years old he finally learned how to work his way around this  (
Sophia hesitates, seemingly unsure whether Sherlock will answer her question once she’s given him what he wants, but then she sighs, picking at a thread at her scarf, and begins listing the information her own network of anonymous activists had gathered about the threat before she disappeared.
“Did you just–” John begins and his eyes are still just a bit hazy and unfocused, but his voice is definitely teasing. “You do realise that you just called me ‘captain’ in the middle of me fucking you, don’t you?”
As Sherlock pockets his phone he's very much aware of how close together he and John are sitting in the cab. Closer than usual And for two seconds he feels nothing but the flutter in his stomach that this notion produces. Then there’s only chaos.
- watching him. Sherlock wants to shout at him to get out, to stop looking at him, but the thought of John being out of his sight is unbearable, so he tries to focus on getting his breathing back to more normal patterns instead.
- had proven that the disappearance was planned by the woman herself. Sherlock had the choice to just live and let live. He isn’t sure about how he feels about the “live” part when it comes to himself, but Sophia will surely live no matter if Sherlock tracks her down or not.
What implications does that have to John?
“Sherlock....” John says, and Sherlock doesn’t miss the underlying tone of warning in John’s otherwise low voice.
Until now.
For this chapter, I owe pagimag a lot.
It's several hours later when they once again close the door of 221b behind them.
- John reaches out towards Sherlock.
Useless, all of this.
“Oh.” John looks startled at first, a bit like he had done when he’d walked in to find the very naked Ms Adler biting Sherlock’s clerical collar, towering over him. Then his tone becomes almost accusatory. “But you’re… gay?”
When it comes to Sherlock’s strategy to handle his own suicidality towards the end of this fic, I’ll just quote Bright Eyes once more (it’s my constant background noise for this story); “it’s not something I’d recommend, but it is one way to live”.
The game ended once Mycroft heard his parents discuss the problem of the doctors’ widely varying preliminary diagnoses in their kitchen, once when he was home over the holidays, and instantly realised what Sherlock was up to.
This is a very bad idea.
John’s shoulders square up a fraction and his breathing picks up, but his gaze remains steady on Sherlock.
Turning the desk light off, Sherlock makes his way to his bed.
People always want John Watson to express himself through words. John, on the other hand, finds it far easier to express himself through actions. Making his way through life by almost simultaneously saving and taking others’ lives, John knows that when the action speaks loud enough, words become redundant.
Now it’s Sherlock’s turn to stand in the doorway, overlooking the kitchen as John prepares coffee, his movements tense and his jaw set. Sherlock’s own movements are far too revealing, but John isn’t looking at him and can’t see how his fingers tap and his eyes flicker.
“If the Clomipramine helped, then why did you quit taking it?”
- with its cage of metal and glass, but it offers no protection against the implications of a silver bird. Nothing ever has and nothing ever will. Except for the simple knowledge that they aren’t silver birds, they are aeroplanes, and they are not a sign of forthcoming doomsday, they are man-made machines used to transport people in absurd patterns -
He could ‘smart-arse’ his way out of that question, as John would call it, but it's a balancing act, pushing John further whilst simultaneously keeping him in a place where he feels he has enough control.
(It's one of those things he's been told is Not Good, but he never found any guilt inside afterwards, so it became one of those things that he accepted he could allow himself -
It’s the not knowing that gets to him.
“It’s just… you can’t keep looking at someone like that or invading someone’s space like that if you’re not interested, alright? It’s-- confusing. That’s all. I realise that you might not be aware, but-- actually, never mind. It’s not really your problem.”
“This isn’t about anything, it’s just you seeing what everyone else sees, but you’ve been too fueled by adrenaline and abandonment issues to acknowledge.”
[   ] IDK = I don't know
Welts. Traces.
“I'm an - sober - addict. I solve crime to get a kick, just like you. My brain rots in absence of stimulation. How much more reason do I need?”
Rituals as a way to alter consciousness. Even simple rituals are believed to provide a certain degree of placebo effect that aids the individual in their pursuit of something, whether it’s relief in mourning or enhanced performance during a task.
(See the end of the chapter for
The colors around them seem muted for a few seconds, before they merge through the thin skin of Sherlock's eyelids, a pulsing red slowly shifting from arterial to something deeper, more like venous blood -
. But it was never this strong or this intense. Then - last night - he’d noticed how vasodilation made it feel like the skin on his face was burning -
Tables turned, the game back on and John’s voice inquiring and yet teasing at the same time.
John takes that for what it is - an unspoken suggestion of saving his shoulder from the hard floor - and follows to his own chair.
. Sherlock can’t stand travelling by air, silver birds or no silver birds.
[ ] N/A = not applicable
(It's appalling, having your senses so impaired by a few hours on a train that you can't even make elementary visual comparisons.)
(He wasted time, last night, time he could have spent working, not struggling pathetically against his own urges - and now that’s yet another fine pattern, isn’t it?)
The sound of Mycroft’s even breathing before he begins to speak does leave room for some comparisons, though. Because for every
“Yes, we are.”
Sherlock's hands are not in John's hair to hold him there, and John isn't sure whether it's misdirected consideration or simply an attempt to keep his balance that makes Sherlock cling to the wall instead of clinging to the man sucking him off.
John clears his throat, takes a deep breath. It doesn’t seem to calm him down, because when he speaks his voice is still all withheld thunder.
, things that he uses when he’s sure that John’s going to be away for more than an hour. It’s not that he’s ashamed of them, but there was a time in his life when such things were--
“Why do you care?”
“Must have dozed off,” he mutters slowly, feigning uninterest.
“They used something to cut the pages out. In the photos from the previous burglaries, the remains of the page were sharp. But look at this--”
“If I stopped ‘brushing you off’, as you so eloquently put it, would the other things I do still bother you?”
And then it’s no longer the light that makes his eyes sting, because there’s a burning sensation on his scalp, and one sharp inhale soon turns into a rapidly increasing breathing rate as John alternates between easing the pressure and pulling hard on the strands of hair.
- and walks over to the bed. Something is dropped on Sherlock’s nightstand. A thump -
“Not much of a drinker?”
(It’s despicable, that his thought process can be so easily disrupted by something as plebian as the intolerable noises of everyday life.)
In front of him, Sherlock is waiting. Sherlock never waits, yet here he is, waiting for John to make a move.
It doesn’t work, and Sherlock wants very much to be alone with his fantasies right now, wants to take his time to get into a headspace where he will be able to orgasm, but he doesn’t know what it would mean if he left John here to do so.
, he corrects himself as he sees a minute flicker of something that looks like barely perceivable dread in his friend's face before it dissipates.
There’s something both defeated and slightly... proud in his face, and the deep, royal blue and the pale green are merging and shifting and it’s too difficult to really tell what--
(He doesn’t have to be childish about that too. It’s not John’s fault,
He had heard those kind of comments before, but usually not so blunt and in front of Selma herself. And yes; Selma was out of the ‘normal’ bounds at times, especially when she was tired or things were slow at the A&E. It was often at those times she blurted out something too personal, too blunt or simply inappropriate or thoughtless. John found that he didn’t mind, she seldom did it when she was engaged in her work, and John’s frame of ‘appropriate behaviour’ was probably adjusted to Sherlock standards which had left him rather insensitive to others lack of impulse control. John looked around the table with a quick glance and could estimate that at least five or six people had heard Jeanette’s remark.
Failure of normal back-and-forth conversation is also evident in this chapter. Sherlock will say what he thinks is necessary, and then he fails to see how the conversation is still not over. He will interrupt John at several points, because he already know how John’s sentence is going to end, and either he’s not inclined to hear it, or he fails to see the point of letting John finish when both of them know what he’s going to say. This too is seen often in canon, for example when Sherlock shift topic in the middle of conversations because he’s just had another thought that needs his attention, or when the conversation bores him, so he leaves it.
Sherlock’s lips were on his in an instant, kissing him deeply as his hands joined John’s. Sherlock groaned into his mouth as he suddenly dipped his finger deep into John’s navel, making John flinch with the ache. His belly was stretched too taut to suck it in, and he surrendered hopelessly as Sherlock poked and rubbed into his aching navel while attacking his mouth with his lips and tongue.
“Don’t you want to be full again?” he whispered. He dipped his hands up under John’s shirts, rubbing over his bare skin. “You want to be full and tight again,” he said. “I know you do. You want to be so round.”
John sighed and leaned back against the headboard after Sherlock came. The feeling he hated was starting to creep in – where after his orgasm was over, and the pleasurable endorphins were starting to fade, and all he felt was fat and slow and dirty.
Now, though. Now John knew he was big enough, could swell enough, could handle it. He knew that his skin could stretch, and his body expand . . .
John shook his head, leaning back against Sherlock and pulling in his stomach as best he could, trying to breathe normally.
Sherlock silently handed him the first mug, and John slowly began to drink. They flipped on the telly, watching whatever random show Sherlock found. John was halfway through the first mug when he could feel his stomach start to protest. It churned and lurched a bit in front of him, and the top of his belly started to round out again. The milk felt warm and heavy as it settled in his still-packed stomach. He arched his back and pushed out his belly, trying to make more room.
He’d never seen himself so round. So packed and tight – skin cresting in a perfectly full curve. He tilted his head back and sighed as Sherlock leaned down and kissed the tightest part of his stomach.
In a fit of madness John leaned down towards the floor, barely able to move, and picked the soda back up. He didn’t look away from the mirror as he leaned back against the wall, brought it to his lips, and started to gulp. He moaned as he drank, watching his belly press into his rubbing hand, trying to grow even though he couldn’t stretch even more. He was completely full, at his absolute limit, stuffed until he could barely breathe.
He was massive.
Sherlock’s fingers started to trace his erection through no will of his own, pressing against the hard skin through his trousers. He could already feel himself leaking as the sounds of the man’s swallows and soft grunts filled his ears – the quick breaths through his nose, and the sighs in the back of his throat.
He was bloated, huge, obscenely stuffed until his pregnant belly looked like it would burst beneath his hands. It dwarfed the rest of his compact body, hung painfully between his hips and down from his chest. It looked like it was swelling beyond his control, as the cola continued to fizz and swell inside of him, pressing out against his completely full skin, pushing behind his stretched navel.
He watched himself drinking, gulping, swallowing. His chest heaved as he tried to gasp in breaths between swallows. He couldn’t even believe that it was himself in the mirror, with this massive belly swelling off his front, pressing down onto his cock.
Sherlock handed him the third full mug, placing it in both of John’s hands. “Drink,” he commanded.
John did. He raised it to his lips and started to gulp, shivering when Sherlock’s hands reached around to the very tip of his belly, pushing his skin painfully against the pressure in his stomach and dipping inside the sensitive skin in his navel. John’s belly hung painfully out in front of him, swelling even more with each swallow of milk, pushing out and aching as it tried to make room to grow even fuller.
John’s cock was starting to ache in his pants. He cleared his throat and grunted out, “more.”
He wanted to grow.
Sherlock longed to see his face without the shadow of the cap. How he would be looking down at himself in shock and awe. Pure pleasure and pain. He could just make out, in the shadows on the man’s face, that he licked his lips.
John didn’t hesitate.
He cut off his last words with a cry as he suddenly came in Sherlock’s hand, pleasure and aching pain rolling through his body as his orgasm pulled on his cramping stomach. The dual sensations drew his orgasm out so long John thought he might not be able to breathe. When it finally started to fade from his body he grabbed his belly weakly with both hands and sighed, rubbing thickly at his aching weight.
And for the first time in the entire silent video, he moaned. It was a soft, wonderful sound from the back of his throat – nothing like the theatrical sighs and grunts from the other video Sherlock had seen.
He didn’t really have any need for it, not really. There was absolutely no reason why he would need to watch another similar video by a completely different user. He’d already watched the few seconds of the main video he needed – confirming that the flat he’d been in earlier that day did, indeed, belong to his suspect for his case.
He could hear himself moaning at the ache, his palm rubbing his tight skin. Looking down in between his swallows, all he could see was a gigantic belly pushing out round from his chest, swelling into the room, and he had to reach forward just to touch the tip of it with his hand. He held it up, shivering at the dense weight of what he was doing to his body.
, John Watson, and the line between his life and his laptop screen had been irreparably blurred.
John rubbed along the swollen bottom of his belly as Sherlock fed him smaller bites by hand, fingers brushing slowly across his lips as he chewed and swallowed. He felt bloated and slow, unable to do anything more except lean back and feel himself grow beneath his hands. He let Sherlock gently press bite after bite of pasta and red sauce between his lips. He looked down and moaned at the sight of his belly, packed full and covered in stretched white skin, pushing out further from his body than he’d ever seen it before. Each breath shot pain through his tight upper belly as his lungs strained against the extra weight. The food was starting to churn hot and lethargically, increasing the heavy pressure behind his stretched navel.
He’d unwillingly watched, unmoving, as the man’s fingertips traced over the curve of his stomach, sending shivers across the skin, while his back arched his curved belly further into his hands.
Before Sherlock realized it, the man was suddenly gulping down the last swallow of the gallon jug. Sherlock’s mouth hung slightly open – it seemed physically impossible that he had already swallowed it all that quickly, and packed it all away into that unassuming stomach. Sherlock wondered what the pressure behind the man’s navel felt like – whether he felt as stretched as he looked, or if the liquid sloshed heavily in his stomach as he slowly twisted his hips back and forth.
Sherlock realized his mouth was completely dry.
His belly – that small, soft stomach that had looked so flat and ordinary before – it started to balloon out from his body and into his waiting hand. By the time the man was nearly two-thirds through the jug, his chest was heaving with breaths, and his hand was slowly starting to rub along the strip of exposed skin that was peeking out from under his riding-up shirt.
Sherlock’s face was pressed into John’s hair, and neither of them touched anywhere near John’s still full to bursting belly. “I love you,” Sherlock whispered, and John bit his lip with emotion. “Love you too.”
That video in question had been of a man sitting back in an office chair, framed in the shot so all that could be seen was his bare torso from his neck to his waist. At first, Sherlock’s eyes had just been tracking what he needed to find in the first few seconds of the video – the tiny scar on the man’s collarbone, the triangle of freckles on his chest, and the crack in the wallpaper that perfectly matched the flat he’d been in with the Yard earlier that day.
Suddenly Sherlock’s hands were traveling further down John’s stomach, and John tensed.
Desperate, Sherlock licked his own palm then rubbed it down along his cock, closing his eyes at the warmth thrumming along his erection. He wondered what it would feel like to press his cock against the man’s belly. If it would be hard and swollen enough for him to rut and rock against it until he came. If his semen would drip down the sides of the huge curve, making the taut skin glisten. If he could come right against the man’s sensitive navel while he clutched his belly and moaned for more – to be filled, and stretched, and heavy, and huge –
Sherlock was at the kitchen table with two steaming mugs of tea, pouring over case notes from the day before. He smiled, and John tried to do the same as he took his mug and went to stand by the windows. John stood there drinking, trying to find the best way to move his muscles so that his stomach was sucked in close to flat, when Sherlock came up suddenly behind him, wrapping his arms around John’s chest and taking the mug of tea from his hands.
He moaned, deep in his chest, and forced down one more painful swallow before he dropped the now empty bottle to the ground. He was finished.
He let Sherlock fawn over him a bit when they finally reached the bedroom, helping him reach down around his ungainly belly to change into soft sweatpants before easing him gently down on pillows against the headboard. John crossed his legs and leaned back, looking down at his belly hanging down over the tops of his thighs, cresting even more as each breath strained his lungs.
When John finally pulled back, Sherlock smiled down at him with such tenderness it made John’s chest ache. They both looked down at his stomach in between them. John cradled it with both hands, gently rubbing at his stretched skin, and Sherlock did the same, feeling the full curve of John’s belly from his navel down to his hips. It felt wonderful – enjoying the fulness of his belly together in their flat, right in the light of day like it wasn’t anything bad at all.
And somehow, through the pain and the discomfort and the bloated ache in his gut, John only had one thought as he watched his fingers trace his semen over the huge curve of his alien stomach.
All day he’d felt bloated and swollen, too big for his clothes and uncomfortable in his skin. He also hadn’t felt full enough, like his body was two sizes too small.
Finally, after another third of the bottle went down, John stopped and gasped for breath, setting it down on the bedside table.
Sherlock blinked hard, then his face stretched into a beautiful smile. “Breakfast sounds perfect,” he replied.
He would be sitting there, in his empty flat, refreshing this man’s page, with his own trousers unzipped, and tissues at hand.
. . .”
Sherlock’s hands slowly rubbed him, and John watched mesmerized between sips as Sherlock’s fingers caressed his pale, growing skin. He moved on to the second mug, taking a moment to breathe deeply and willing his stomach to settle. Sherlock suddenly grabbed his belly and shook it once hard, and John groaned when his belly didn’t have much room to jiggle. It moved as a single tight mass. It felt perfect.
He turned up the volume, one click at a time, and then let his palm cup the length of his hardening erection.
“Come on then, help me make breakfast,” he said.
In the video, John watched himself stroke his arm and take deep breaths, his chest expanding beneath his t-shirt. His stomach flat.
Sherlock had ripped out his earbuds and slammed his thumb down on the space bar to pause it. The video paused with the killer’s fingertip dipping into his stretched navel, right after he’d grabbed a handful of the skin and slapped it, hard.
He drank even more.
Sherlock’s hands joined his on his tight middle, resting over the fullest part of his belly and dipping one of his thumbs into John’s sensitive navel. He pressed lightly, causing John to wince and the skin stretched over his belly to pull tighter. “You want to be fuller,” he said low. He held John’s gaze. “Let me fill you. Let me help you get so huge you can’t move. So perfectly round and filled.”
Then, without hesitation, the man reached forward again, struggling to move around the size of his belly, then leaned back into camera with a half-liter of soda in his hand. He quickly unscrewed the cap, like he couldn’t get it off fast enough, and brought it to his mouth so quickly that drops of brown liquid streamed down the side of his chin. He breathed harshly through his nose as he gulped it down, and helplessly clutched the bottom of his belly with his palm, having to lean down just so he could reach. He rubbed it in small circles as he swallowed, grunting with each breath. The t-shirt was starting to roll up more over the curve, pushed upwards by the growing swell of his belly, which pressed out now obscenely from the man’s chest. It looked huge and packed, heavy and round. Obscenely stuffed and filled.
It ached. He paused after around a third of the bottle and clapped a hand to the hot skin of his belly, groaning loudly. His belly creaked under the weight of the food and liquid he’d packed into it, and he felt lightheaded as he tried to breathe against the heavy strain of the alien belly hanging off his front.
Five seconds.
Tonight, though. Tonight John felt the need to grow huge and heavy burn like fire deep in his gut. He wanted Sherlock’s hands to feel him swell. He wanted to push his belly out until it could burst, and then rub it and push it out fuller even more.
His stomach looked beautiful, stretched and full, round and shining. It was him, his body, making himself feel perfect and filled and good.
That he was finally free.
Sherlock was up on his knees before him, eyes fixed on John’s hands clutching at his bloated, stuffed belly as he pumped his own cock in his pants. It only took a few long pulls before he was coming with his own cry, eyes still blown wide staring at John’s aching belly resting full in his hands.
“Come on,” he whispered at himself. “Fucking huge, come on. . . God, so swollen.” He cried out as his orgasm started to spark in his cock.
Deep down, Sherlock knew, more intimately than he’d ever known a solution to a case, exactly what he would now be doing every three months.
He could just . . . he might as well . . .
Suddenly Sherlock noticed that the man himself was erect in his jeans. He couldn’t believe he hadn’t noticed before how the man’s full cock was straining within the denim, now even more obvious that his zipper was pulled down. It bobbed as he waddled forward for a step to arch his back more, pressing his stomach out before him.
And he realized, in retrospect, that the bump under his shirt just beneath his shoulder on his chest – the little detail his mind had noticed while he was busy masturbating like an idiot – must have been a raised scar, likely from some sort of trauma.
He stayed there for a moment with his head tipped back, still hidden by the pulled-down hat, and then he slowly, for the first time, rubbed his hand over the whole swell of his growing stomach through his shirt.
John realized, though, as his eyes skimmed the comments, that these ones were starting to look different – a little more . . .enthusiastic.
“I’m too full,” he moaned, catching his breath as Sherlock thumbed across his dripping slit. “I’m massive. Too fucking huge.” John ran his hands along the full curve of his belly, starting from his chest, and whimpered at how far out his belly pushed. “My belly. . .” he moaned. “This belly. . . too full. . . Can’t move –”
He hated it. With a groan John heaved himself up to sitting and pulled himself from the bed. He tried to look away, but he still caught sight of himself in the mirror behind the bedroom door and stopped in his tracks. His t-shirt ballooned outward in front of him, swaying over the curve of his belly as he walked. He slowly clapped a hand to the bottom curve of his stomach so that his t-shirt plastered over the full curve of his form, then watched as his breathing made his belly rise and fall, straining against the shirt. He pulled the bottom of the fabric up and looked down.
Nearly a full minute into the video, the man finally stepped forward and reached out to grab something on a table out of view. His bicep bulged as he held the full gallon of liquid in his hand. Sherlock could tell it wasn’t just pure milk – whatever was inside looked too dark, like some sort of powder had been mixed in. He rapidly scanned the way the man’s small, steady fingers gripped the handle as he shook the liquid inside.
Sherlock’s eyes quickly traced the hard line of the man’s jaw – took in grainy hints of stubble through the poor video quality, and the strong line of a sturdy neck attached to broad shoulders. The back of his hair, the part that peaked out below the cap, was cropped military short, and his top vertebra created a small knob beneath his shirt, connecting to the rest of the compact curve of his spine.
Sherlock rubbed underneath his jumper from his hips up to his chest. “Let it out,” he whispered. “Come on, let me see.”
“I feel huge,” he said. John caught sight of the flaming heat in Sherlock’s eyes and said something he never thought he’d have the courage to say. He groaned and pushed his belly out farther into the room, holding it up from below with one hand while the other hand rubbed back and forth over the top, caressing himself like he was pregnant. “Look at how full I am,” he said with heavy lidded eyes. “Look at this huge belly hanging off me. Look how full –”
Sherlock held John’s hips and started to turn him gently from side to side, so that John’s hanging belly brushed back and forth across Sherlock’s shirt. The fabric and buttons tingled against his sensitive skin, and John could feel the water sloshing through him as he moved, pushing his skin out tighter as it settled. He looked down at his stomach cresting away from him into a point and groaned at the sight of himself, bare and exposed against Sherlock’s flat, clothed stomach. It sent a strange heat up his spine – one he still wasn’t used to, even after all this time.
John hummed and nodded. He leaned back even further. “I think so.”
Sherlock sat across from him and held a brimming over plate of leftover pasta in his hand, fork poised halfway to John’s mouth. John took a deep breath, letting his stomach rest, and then he nodded. Sherlock grinned.
Sherlock looked back at him waiting, one hand holding his and the other arm balancing a full plate of leftovers and a liter of soda water. John held a hand to his belly, feeling the solid, warm skin, and watched in the mirror as his fingers stretched around the new curve of his stomach. His heart beat madly in his chest, and he squeezed Sherlock’s hand.
John had an idea.
Sherlock’s spine shivered as he suddenly wondered what noise it would make for those tanned palms to run over the smooth skin of that pale stomach. If they would rasp against the hairs. If this man would also moan.
His arms had been toned and muscular with hidden strength, and that t-shirt had been pulled up to reveal a perfectly round stomach, unbelievably huge for the size of his frame, pressing out before him and lying low and heavy in his palms, curved and tight –
So no, they’d never really talked about it.
It was only just now starting to fade – the pressure and the pain. He could almost suck in his stomach halfway now, if he tried, but he would still keep his shirt off, just a few minutes longer, until he started to feel squishy and bloated instead of tight and round.
Then, with shaking fingers no longer steady, the man brought both hands up to hold his new belly. He waited a moment with his palms hovering over the skin, as if savoring the moment, then he rubbed himself from his sides to his navel and groaned, more loudly than he’d made any other sound so far. With twenty seconds left, he caressed his bursting stomach, hands moving over the stretched skin as if he was pregnant, rubbing and feeling each heavy swollen curve.
And now Sherlock’s mouse was somehow hovering over that ridiculous video to watch it. The video with a title which was simply the date it was taken – just three days before. It had over five thousand views.
Sherlock turned him to the side and stood behind him, so that John could look sideways into the mirror and see how far out his belly stuck before him. He arched his back more. His belly didn’t even look like it was a part of him anymore. “Jesus,” he whispered.
John sighed. “It doesn’t look. . . good,” he finally said.
“Do you want to grow?” Sherlock asked.
John was just finishing his third glass when he felt Sherlock’s hands start to rub at his straining sides, rubbing along the length of his jutting out stomach which felt warm and heavy with water. His belly pushed harder against Sherlock’s each time he drew in a breath, and the top curve of his stomach felt tight and packed as the water slowly worked its way down further into his body.
“Fucking huge,” the man moaned, louder now. “God, gonna fucking burst. I can’t . . . I can’t –”
Sherlock shoved down his trousers and pants so that his cock was free. He was flushed and straining, more erect than he could remember ever being in years. The man started to finish the last few swallows of this gallon, and in between swallows, with his hand clutching his belly, he suddenly whined, high and desperate in his throat, and Sherlock’s hand flew over his own cock, desperate for friction, imagining that his palm was on the taut, bloated skin of the man’s belly, pressing against it, holding the heavy weight of it in his hands as it grew, and grew, and filled –
Even an hour later, it was still swollen and hard, aching where the skin stretched along his sides to accommodate how much he’d grown while he swallowed down all the liquid he could physically hold.
Sherlock whispered in his ear. “I want to see you like this all day,” he said. “So huge and round. I want you to waddle with your belly when you walk.” John whimpered and continued to drink. Sherlock swirled around his navel, causing pleasure and pain to spike in John’s groin.
John watched himself reach down beneath his belly to grab his cock. It was rock hard in his palm, and he gasped at the sudden pressure on his sensitive erection. He was dripping clear liquid from the tip. He watched it fall to the ground in the mirror.
Sherlock held out a glass for John and then leaned back against the counter. John blushed when he saw the hungry look in Sherlock’s eyes. They’d never really talked about any of this. Not out loud, at least. One day Sherlock had come home a day early from a case on a night when John had been locked away in their bedroom, shamefully indulging himself in secret. Not looking at his own face in the mirror. And when Sherlock had called for him to come out and hear about the case, John had thrown on his biggest jumper and tried to suck it in and practically waddled out into the living room, trying to hide his discomfort as he kissed Sherlock hello. Sherlock had taken one look at him and grabbed his arm before John could quickly back away, and he’d stared at the poorly hidden bulge of John’s belly underneath his jumper. And just when John thought he would die of hot embarrassment, Sherlock had backed him into the wall and groaned loudly and kissed John deeply, pushing his flat stomach up against his and moaning John’s name into his mouth.
it is your eyes that stare back unseeingly into mine.
He seems older like that. Sherlock wants him to stop looking like that, like he's on the verge of figuring out something unpleasant. Like Sherlock's giving him yet another reason to be concerned.
“Next time you fuck me, you should just tie me up and then use me.”
The last thing he hears is John’s voice, and it makes him think about tiny explosives.
“Sherlock, can I talk to you alone, I think…”
Sherlock doesn't expect the transition to be in any way pleasant, but he doesn't expect to find that he missed more than one variable in his calculation of the possible outcomes. As it turns out, he missed more than a few variables. As a consequence, the result is nowhere near the estimatation.
“Seeing patterns in unrelated things,” Sherlock reluctantly explains.
On the whole, Sherlock finds that the whole diagnostic framework is a simplified filing system that can only be considered applicable to people of moderate intelligence or below, presenting with only one or two disorders and possessing no ability to compensate for said issues.
It’s something they’ve never talked about, because they don’t talk about such things. They don’t talk about the fact that while being straight John isn’t new to anal sex. They don’t talk about the fact that it’s perhaps easier this way; this way, John isn’t faced with a cock as he fucks into Sherlock.
Sherlock's been talking. He's been talking to the skull, or just out into the empty sitting room, his voice tense and frustrated as he examined his own motivations for agreeing to… well; he's not even sure what it is he's agreed to.
Not dignifying that with an answer, Sherlock resumed his typing. He’d been working on a draft for an article on dirt and bacterias found under the nails of humans, which he thought would perhaps be a bit too enlightening for putting on his blog, where people might read it and learn how to hide the traces of themselves left on the bodies on their victims, but on the other hand it was fascinating and would surely pique the interest of his readers. His mind was a bit dulled but he found that it was focused enough to do this comparatively simple writing. Without the distractions of the surge inside and the confusion of his reactions, he’d finally managed to make himself do some work instead of just being a sentimental and frustratingly pathetic individual who stared at the paperbacks John had left by the table in the sitting room. It was a clear improvement, even if he still disliked having to use something that was prescribed for emotional distress in order to enable that improvement. That was in itself frustrating when one claimed not to do emotions.
The knowledge he’s gained from his fruitless attempts at diagnosing himself does, however, prove to be useful when Sherlock is admitted to rehab.
The contractions in his internal muscles begin before he registers the pleasure, and his hand is rapidly slicked not only with lubricant, but by his own sperm, running down over his fingers as he strokes himself through the orgasm.
“Most likely.”
(Apparently, whatever they are, they don’t do
John is formulating a sharp reply, but manages to fight the impulse back. Defending Selma would only wreck her attempt at pretending that it wasn’t importent. He knows that from a childhood growing up with a sister who crossed all lines of appropriate behaviour, and he knows that from one and a half year of seeing people react to Sherlock. All his life, he’s never been the person that people raised their eyebrows at, but he’d always been the one standing by that person's side. There had been times that he wished that he could sometimes be the one who let his own impulses out without filtering, but a lifetime of inhibiting impulses led to patterns that were hard to break. It's only on cases, when in fights or during chases, that he lets the impulses lead. That often leads to more violence than could be considered necessary and John is wary of the forces that could be unleashed if he let his inhibitions fall further.
“Sherlock, there’s--”
■Feelings of worthlessness or excessive or inappropriate guilt nearly every day
Out of sync -
(Telling John about this would likely lead to John expecting him to correctly interpret what he's picking up, and that would be unfortunate, because while observing is one thing, understanding is another entirely. And so he ignores his own observations, in this one case.)
As John eases off of the sofa, stands up, and from Sherlock's position down on the sofa,  John's nude form looks strange and disproportionate. Sex chemicals buzzing through his bloodstream, Sherlock almost finds himself answering the odd, hesitant smile on John's face before he remembers that there's still something undisclosed and unsettling between them.
Sherlock - radiating annoyance at the whole situation - shakes his head in an almost invisible gesture. Eva looks like she's going to attempt at persuade him, but John aborts that attempt.
A possible lead in the case. John, opposite him, eager to know more about the results. John, who wants Sherlock to tell him more about other things as well. Wants to…
His hands on the mattress on either side of Sherlock's face, John grinds his pelvis against Sherlock's, evoking sounds from Sherlock, sounds he never thought he'd make in the presence of…
“221 Baker Street,” John tells the driver, then settles for staring straight ahead, not sparing Sherlock a glance.
(No; a dive below the baseline.)
“With you, there’s always a reason.”
It feels like he’s seeing his last chance of respite from himself being flushed down the toilet as the two tablets of Oxy spin around in the water before they are swallowed by the plumbing.
Not that John will ever know.
Another approach; philosophical.
“I initiated. And still I am clearly not comfortable with what happened.”
Just when the urge to make the circle of his own thoughts turn off once and for all had begun to eat at him almost as much as the thoughts themselves, things began shifting. For the past few days, Sherlock has constantly been somewhere on a scale between an intense sparkling and the sudden downfalls.
Sherlock's brows raise momentarily, then his face is once again neutral.
(Still?)
. Empty fridge - spray fridge with soapy water - wipe off every package and bowl before putting them back again, this time in a new order that allows him to see all the content at once, nothing hidden behind something else. It doesn’t matter that some of the things in the fridge are supposedly hazardous - Sherlock’s never understood why some remains would be less hygienic than others - no, this is about something else. This is both a strategy for himself and a 'sorry' in advance for John, because there's no doubt that there’ll be more things to apologise for if this is--
“You do not initiate physical contact.”
(See the end of the chapter for
His words, while hatefully disjointed, at least have the benefit of making John finally look at him.
Either way you look at it, Sherlock is left with the chaos, the same chaos he's spent his whole life trying to sort out, but no matter how many tangled cases he untangles or how many perfect systems he forms in his mind palace, it's never enough. The wilderness remains.
[ ] F = Fantasy
Now, standing alone in the dim light of their bedroom, all John felt was fat and pudgy and completely unattractive. His belly which had been so beautifully round and taut the night before now hung out in front of him in a jiggling, heavy mass.
He was breathing hard through his nose. His cock twitched again in his pants.
He grabbed the leftover packets of mentos and went straight for the fridge, where a liter of cola he’d been saving for three months from then beckoned to him now, calling to be gulped down and inhaled so he could be filled. He idly rubbed his tummy with one hand, soothing the skin, as he made his way into his tiny bedroom, containing nothing but a plain bed and a full length mirror.
. Internally, John is currently the reason for Sherlock's chaos.
Sherlock stares at his hand as it lies on the mattress besides him, closing first his left eye and then his right, seeing how the perspective changes slightly. Sobriety is on its 44th day, and it’s not unbearable, because it’s… nothing.
Sherlock still can't answer that, no one can, and he does not know if he still believes in the God he thought would end the world, but if he does, it's an involuntary belief. No one can save him, and he knows this now.
“It isn’t! It should have only taken about forty seconds, but it didn’t.”
Sherlock can see Mycroft weighing his statement, separating the aggressive tone from the actual meaning of the words. His brother visibly relaxes a fraction at the indication that Sherlock might consider some form of medication.
Emotions - Sherlock almost loses his temper several times in Lestrade’s office, and can’t manage his frustration during tasks that are tearing on his patience the way most tasks that require executive functions will do. Losing his temper in these situation might have a short term reward at times, because he’ll temporarily be freed from some demands, but in the long run, the consequences will be negative for him if even Lestrade won’t work with him. Also; he needs a new phone.
Sherlock could at least have poured him a cup as well, at least considering that it was John who had put the coffee maker on, and what's Sherlock even doing being awake at this hour anyway--
In the second part of the chapter, Sherlock is wants something he doesn’t know how to ask for. This kind of communication is hard for him, and for John as well. So instead of saying right out what he wants while just being himself, he uses his ability to play act and puts on a more confident persona, making it less personal and also easier. Here, as well as with the sociopath thing, he owns up to what he thinks of as a disadvantage, in this case a strong preference towards being the submissive partner during sex, and also wanting sex with John in the first place. He uses his own put on confidence to get his point across and to ensure John that there’s nothing shameful about what he wants (something that may be true, but also something he doesn’t feel to be true).
This special kind of...
Another kind of balancing act: trying to live in the in-between.
John swallows, knowing he should probably leave now. Sitting there half hard and alone at a table in a hotel lounge is not exactly-- well.
- will take one look at it before his perception of Sherlock -
He will need to act right away. Any more definitive actions will, of course, have to wait until he is absolutely sure about whether or not this is something that he will be capable of sticking to.
“You can’t leave now, John. You... John’s friend, tell us more about this crime solving army doctor we’ve gotten a hold of!” Phil urges, walking over to them.
“I didn't--”
In the midst of their dawn-to-afternoon text conversation, his struck-off psychiatrist also sends him a particular acronym, telling him to look it up and let her know his thoughts on the matter. The search results, once he’s filtered out a number of articles on the mental health of Asian bears, are… something worth taking into consideration.
Still staring at the ketchup, Steven’s knuckles whiten as he holds on to the edge of the table, breathing.
Sherlock counts -
It’s sentimental, but as he feels the heavy gaze of the newly-minted DI land upon him and sees how the man’s face scrunches up into an expression of utter resignation as he recognises who’s holding the led pipe, Sherlock acknowledges that there might be some truth to the lyrics. What started as a way to stifle his suicidality has turned out to be the perfect amalgamation of several of his skills. With his abilities to see patterns in everything paired with the only useful thing that came out of rehab, an interest in the science of human psychology, Sherlock’s become rather apt at observing and deducing other people’s motives.
“You haven’t been taking any cases that require you to leave your flat, and while I personally despise any kind of legwork, I am aware that both you and your blogger are addicted” - Mycroft pauses for a snort at his own choice of words, which Sherlock pointedly ignores - “to the sort of danger that mysteries solved by email cannot provide.”
When Sherlock reenters the sitting room, the telly is turned off and John has positioned himself on the floor in front of the hearth, socks peeled off and feet out in front of him.
Nothing to argue with in that.
“You're uncomfortable with your own behavior when you… fuck me.”
Endorphins might help.
Then there's Beta’s voice, a shifting of dark green and grey nuances even over the telephone.
At least, it worked for well over a decade.
Sherlock is an observer, but he's by no means a passive observer. No, he uses his observations to calculate the most effective way to play the game, striking almost before the opponent has a chance to finish their move.
This time, Sherlock instantly opens his mouth at the pressure from John's tongue, angling his head and letting his own tongue meet John's, stroking it, the structure being just as odd and enticing as he’d found it to be a few hours ago. It's more coordinated this time, the way their mouths slide and their heads angle, but Sherlock is yet to find a pattern to it. When John's tongue retreats, Sherlock's own attempts to follow it back into John's mouth, only to be pushed back as John's tongue is suddenly poking out again, tracing the outlines of Sherlock's lips, and when Sherlock angles his head, following the tug on his hair, it's only to have his nose instantly collide with John's.
“Intend to brush you off.”
(Sitting in a chair opposite John when talking about this would made it feel too similar to therapy, and Sherlock's had enough of that to last him a lifetime.)
- speak of obliqueness and questions. Sherlock’s got a question of his own, but unlike John he’s not sure if he wants to know the answer to it.
(See the end of the chapter for
John’s face shifts, making complicated, aborted expressions that Sherlock finds that he can’t read, and then John is back on top of him, their skin touching and their chests expanding in tandem. Sherlock expects John to grab his wrists or his hair, an already established pattern in their encounters, but John doesn’t, instead allowing his hands to knead Sherlock’s shoulders, then pectorals, pushing his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth and pressing his pelvis against Sherlock’s.
“John, I’m going to have to ask you to stop focusing on my notes - to stop focusing on
Hesitancy.
“You look… different.”
The problem is skin-deep, quite literally.
“I said,” Sherlock hisses, putting emphasis on each word as he spits them out, “‘make it interesting’.”
and for a minute, down on my knees
They're having a discussion that they are both apparently determined to pretend isn't of any significance.
His fingers close awkwardly around the part of John’s cock that he can now reach. John's jeans are unzipped and his hand is under the elastic of John’s pants. John doesn’t seem to appreciate the awkward angle either, because his hand leaves Sherlock and quickly pushes his jeans and pants down to his thighs before he returns to Sherlock’s skin, once again feeling the fading, white lines of scar tissue that makes the skin feel a bit like it was lined with thick threads.
to justify your constant need for control.)
In the midst of the lingering confusion of the entire, unexpected ordeal, it’s a slight comfort to know that he still knows what it takes to get John’s recently discovered… ‘dominant tendencies’ to set in.
“You’ve read all these?” John asks and nods at the seemingly endless supply of haphazardly placed books that already covers most surfaces in 221B.
John’s hands find their way into Sherlock’s hair, and suddenly this feels nothing like their previous kiss. Breathing becomes hard, and not because Sherlock's forgotten that he should breathe through his nose (he’s nothing if not a fast learner), but because his chest feels constricted. For some reason, his body’s response to that is to shift closer to John, and his body seems to know what it’s doing, since the pressure and proximity ease that constriction slightly.
John believes Sherlock when it comes to it also being a very real inclination of his - Sherlock's embarrassment and fear of ridicule on the matter are proof that it's about more than practical solutions for his troubles with social skills - but John also knows that Sherlock will not acknowledge that he’s ‘having troubles’. In Sherlock’s mind, it all comes down to not seeing any real reason to bother with such things.
The void that usually presents itself when Sherlock is forced to be idle when all he wants was to continue to ride the high of hyperfocus and adrenaline that a good case provided is currently not looming over him the way it normally would. This time, Sherlock finds that his mind is instead obsessively preoccupied with another kind of puzzle, which makes the gaps in the case work almost feel like respite rather than suffocation.
• a need for control/predictability
(He's beginning to suspect that he has.)
From the kitchen, Sherlock can hear John mutter to himself as he puts away the dishes.
A pattern, and not a very exciting one at that.
“If you’re so concerned over my mental facilities you could always drop by with some more pills. I promise I won’t tell Mummy about it.”
It is all fine, in fact: the hiding in plain sight and the freedom to if not act, then at least look, the way he wants to. It's all fine, until John Watson steps into his life, licks his lips and tells him that it's all fine, only to proceed to defend himself from any and all insinuation about he himself being gay.
Rubbish
(It's about John.)
Sherlock lights a cigarette as he opens the thick textbook that he ordered once he finally had the strength to argue his way to a discharge from the hospital.
“That's a ‘yes’ to pain, then. Now, what else would you let me do to you?”
Grey light, even breaths. Sherlock isn’t moving, but John is.
It's freezing, probably, but it's not freezing enough.
His mind shifts once again, but this time it's towards pure, focused triumph.
It’s blend that lacks contours and definition.
- nothing worse.
It's a gamble. Sherlock isn't sure if John's aware of the - most commonly - sexual associations to that particular use of the word, and bringing up any similarities to whatever John might want out of this and the form of sexual situations in which that word might be used is… thin ice.
He isn’t sure, and he hates that he can’t even tell such simple things.
Selma gets to her feet, putting away her phone in the woven shoulderbag and adjusts her clothes. While John focuses on an attempt of compartmentalising the turmult brought up during the past hour, Selma follows him through the corridor that vibrates of fluorescent light and generic cleaning products. When they reach the end of the corridor, she presses the call button for the elevator, then turns to him.
Answer to current item - John
The questions on the forms have clearly been designed for normal people, Sherlock reasons. He doesn’t particularly recognise himself in any of the ones  about suicidal ideation, because they ask him to compare things to how they were ‘before’, and Sherlock doesn’t remember a ‘before’. Death is a constant, and so are his thoughts regarding his own death.
Somewhere in the back of his mind, he can hear the lyrics to a song he heard hundreds of times in rehab, as the girl in the room next to him kept playing the same CD on repeat all day every day.
- allowing himself to entertain a delusion is worse.
because frankly, John’s reason for refusing his invitation is ludicrous.
As his shirts gradually becomes tighter and his trousers are cut in a way that better shows off his behind, Sherlock discovers that his personality and his interest in toxins, murder and the dead serve to make him appear almost sexless in the eyes of anyone who's ever spent more than a few minutes in his presence.
At first, there’s no mirroring reaction towards the physical stimulation on John’s part, but as Sherlock’s body acts on its need for friction, Sherlock can actually feel John’s cock go from flaccid to half-erect in a matter of seconds, the sinusoids filling up with blood due to the physical stimulation of Sherlock’s body against his.
John closes his journal, muttering inaudible to himself, but Sherlock is already stalking out of the room, his dressing gown billowing behind him.
(Sherlock does not particularly enjoy the notion of having ‘issues’, but sitting with a psychiatry textbook resting against his knees, wearing the clothes he put on three days ago and trying to figure out what’s wrong with him as an attempt to decide if it’s worth continuing, he concludes that he’s in no position to be too be particular about linguistics.)
(Better his right than his left - the left is for working the violin strings - so at least he’d had enough presence of mind to ensure that it was the right hand. The
[   ]  = No
It takes effort to will himself to adjust the focus on the microscope, and to continue his examination of the sample on the slide, but Sherlock will not let John shock him into acknowledging…
“If you ever do, you say so. Like I would have done, if I didn’t.”
John is saying something, something about ‘hands-on’ and ‘public school’, and then he's making his way out of the kitchen, leaving Sherlock alone to catch his breath and pull himself together to get off the table before John can return.
(It might even be something that it’s possible to allow yourself to adapt to.)
? - is set aside in favor of an irritable approach towards his brother’s intervention. At this moment, however, Sherlock doesn’t reflect on such trivialities. The humiliation, the debilitating pressure behind his sternum and the unwanted thoughts and patterns leave no room for any further irrational and useless reflections. It only leaves Sherlock in all his irrationality, his unwashed, crumpled sheets and serotonin-related misery, in full view of the immaculate man by his bedside.
It’s empty.
And a multidisciplinary approach would be necessary in order to form an hypothesis to test.
. Utility. Distractions.
- one most likely needed to feel in order to experience pity.
“It’s hardly quantum physics,” Sherlock retorts, glaring at Mycroft while inside his shoes, his toes are tapping a silent rhythm. “And even though it must be very hard for you to accept , I have actually managed perfectly well so far.”
Effort - Throughout the whole time at the Yard, Sherlock feels like his brain is heavy and slow, the way you feel when you’re about to sleep. It’s common, especially in the ADHD spectrum of executive dysfunction, that the individual has a hard time regulating alertness and wakefulness, and one of the strongest theories about this is due to a dopamine deficiency in the brains of those with ADHD. Dopamine isn’t just responsible for our reward system (the thing that makes winning a game feel good or makes us feel content after finishing a task), which is also said to be impaired in those with ADHD (which makes it so that they need stronger stimuli in order to activate the reward system) but also plays an important role in regulating the level of alertness in our brains. In short, some researchers believe that a lot of the symptoms we see of ADHD is due to the brain constantly being on the verge of falling asleep, and the fidgeting, restlessness, daydreaming and so on are different coping mechanisms to keep awake. It would also explain part of the impulsivity and the impairment in emotional regulation, as anyone who’s been really, really tired can certainly testify to.
“As I said; offering up that kind of information is clearly going to shorten his life expectancy quite drastically.”
John should at least have to say it out loud, ought to be forced to at least take one of the many possible words in his mouth.
It’s the realisation that maybe he’s supposed to move his lips - do something - but there’s a hand that comes to rest at the nape his neck, guiding him, and that’s confusing and far more intense than the sensation of lips
There are two hours left before the train gets back to London.
And beneath his feet, the floor of their flat suddenly seems to rock slightly, but it’s his brain chemicals affecting his vestibular system, not actual shifting beneath him, and he’s aware that his mind is playing tricks on him.
Before he’s even out of the pharmacy, Sherlock feels something vaguely like a smile form on his lips, but the sensation is so foreign that he almost doubts it's really there.
. John was testing for reactions.
. “One question, alright?”
No. Don't think of that now. Instead; try to focus on John’s cock, pushing against his opening.
“I do what the police can’t. I actually solve the crimes.”
- Sherlock believes that the right thing to do is to abstain from more sex with John, because he can’t stand the idea of John only doing it because he’s afraid of losing their friendship. But he can’t abstain, and the conflict is complicated by John’s words about letting him decide for himself, which is something Sherlock wants to believe in, since he’s aware that his perception of interpersonal interaction isn’t the norm, and he trusts John with such issues more than he trusts himself in the same issues.
- always telling him that if he can just organise everything around him -
Closing the taps, Sherlock wonders what it would take to go about to get John to use them on him.
(But perhaps that’s true for this as well.)
And yet, it's an act, because it's measured and planned, calculated to make John feel like he's glimpsed something Sherlock had attempted to hide or tried to repress.
Another wall to support himself against.
“So a late rebellion against her parents, then,” John suggests, leaning forward and clearing a small area on the table in front of him to put his now empty mug on, then returning to sit even closer to Sherlock, head almost brushing against Sherlock's shoulder as he eyes the screen of the laptop.
John has unconsciously begun massaging the brink of his nose in pure resignation over the fact that he’s just taken Selma with him to remedy some of the things that’s been said by their colleague, only to have Sherlock start doing the same thing. Obviously.
“What are you… Are you saying that you gave your brother…”
. The urge to rake his nails across his skin, breaking it. The condescending empathy that would emerge if John knew how close he was to understanding what Sherlock really is. Was.
“No,” Sherlock suddenly gasps, his eyes flying open as his hands seek purchase against the table, anything to--
“What about me?” John still adds.
‘Almost’ being the key word here, Sherlock muses, because that's what it all comes down to; he's been ‘almost’ for far too long. Almost living followed by almost dying, neither of those being particularly pleasant. Being almost able to pass for normal… well, that might be the worst of it.
With John’s finger still on his jaw and John’s tongue now inside his mouth, Sherlock finds that he’s not in a position to object. There’s too much of that going on inside his head anyway, and John tastes like bergamot and sleep and iron, making deep maroon and tangerine blend with the amber.
He’d wanted to grind against John’s leg more than he’d wanted to… wanted to what? Connect? Care for?
The conditions for such re-test are, if not optimal, at least acceptable. John will be at work for five more hours, and Sherlock has taken no anxiolytics for the last 72 hours (an excessive time period, given the half-life of Oxazepam, but a certain amount of tolerance was likely to have been established, and so Sherlock had wanted to err on the side of safety in case some form of withdrawal occurred.)
John slowly nods, the blue becoming richer as he understands what Sherlock's given him.
. “And don’t give me that shit about eating bad shellfish for a case. This isn’t food poisoning; it’s been going on for days now. You’re shaking, you’re even more irritable than usual and you’ve been puking for two days. And I’ve actually noticed you taking paracetamol, which I’ve never seen you do before. So I’m asking again; what is it this time?”
Eyes dart over his face and his brain interprets warmth as burning.
He doesn’t, however, miss the way John rests his eyes just a second longer on Sherlock - or rather on the aubergine shirt and the well-cut suit trousers Sherlock’s wearing - than he usually does.
(Counteracting chaos before entering the battlefield.)
After extensive research on the subject, Sherlock had decided to disregard all the guidelines he’d found and simply go about it the way he did when he rid himself of the drugs; cold turkey. The phrase ‘cold turkey’ might not be the correct term in this case since the use of Clomipramine is neither a destructive habit nor an addiction, but the methodology is still the same; quitting abruptly without reducing or replacing. The cold turkey method is said to have the advantage of not replacing the addictive substance with a substitute, but Sherlock’s motive is simple; he’s impatient and can’t be bothered to gradually lower the dosage, plus he wants the contingent withdrawal period to be as short as possible.
John rubs his gloved hands together, moving around on the spot beside Sherlock, the wetness of the grass they'd crawled in, together with the chilly night air, most likely making him cold to the bone at this point. The muttering is getting increasingly rude as the minutes tick on, and some of John's more inventive coinages make Sherlock quirk his lips when John isn't looking.
Borderline Personality Disorder according to Wikipedia:
(So it had been this John had hinted at earlier, before Sherlock interrupted his self-conscious inquiry. If he was too-- and he
They pass the sign to the rehab facility, and this isn't the first time that Sherlock's left such facilities without using the exit, but he shakes those images out of his head -
- is altered into something else -
without a shadow of a doubt.
(Vulnerability. The most naked kind.)
“Alright. And how are we planning to do that?”
In the end, after having put aside several diagnoses which he can agree have merit, but which fail to account for most of his major issues, Sherlock is left with three candidates, two of which are not possible to treat with any kind of medical intervention and are therefore useless by his standards.
Mycroft inspects one of the kitchen chairs - always the same one; the one overlooking the opening into the sitting room - before apparently deciding that it's clean enough for his pristine trousers.
“Alright, good on you,” John says hesitantly, clearly choosing to humour Sherlock.
“So, Sherlock, what do you make of it?” Lestrade asks, keeping an eye on Sherlock and John where they're hunched on the floor, rapidly flipping through book after book before discarding them.
“If it weren’t so obvious that you didn’t get as far as the bed last night, I would have suggested that you must have woken up on the wrong side of it this morning, Sherlock,” Mycroft says smugly after a quick glance at his brother.
“So…” John says, licking his lips nervously but keeping his gaze steady. “You like what she does. Professionally.”
In the beginning of the chapter both Sherlock and John are disappointed at the lack of stimulation from the case. In addition to that, they have not been at ease at home, trying to make things run smoothly but by doing so failing to reach their usual level of stimulation; a stimulation that is often uncomfortable and confusing, but none the less a stimulation that distracts from boredom.
(Most likely it’s more than he’d care to admit to himself.)
“John's my colleague,” Sherlock says before Eva has a chance to utter another question.
After three days Sherlock can concede that some things didn't go according to plan in the lab that night, and people seem to assume that it's the chemicals he's referring to.
“You're texting?” John asks in a tone of voice that Sherlock can't quite put his finger on as Sherlock finally retrieves his phone from the floor, his fingers flying over the screen.
Being something, something outside of the norm, changes the way people look at you, even if they like to pretend to themselves that it doesn't.
Victor nicks two cigarettes from his mother's pack, grinning at Sherlock, and Sherlock grins back, because he doesn't know what else to do to avoid letting on that all the giddiness from moments ago has died like a finch that hit a townhouse window five years ago.
Observing oneself and one's own motives is, Sherlock is aware, not generally considered a particularly pleasant activity.
In the end, it turns out that the truth is easy to adjust on self-assessment forms, and Sherlock hasn’t displayed any kind of suicidal behaviour or ideation over the duration of his stay. Therefore, Sherlock is discharged without further ado after having completed twenty-eight excruciating days of rehab, declining both follow-up appointments and referrals to a therapist before he nods his goodbye, leaving the small office and heading back to his spartan room in the adjacent wing to collect his things.
Resting his cheek against Sherlock’s bony shoulder blade John finds himself almost completely at ease with it all.
The tingle in his palms is forgotten as Sherlock's hands grip John's shirt, feeling the warmth of his skin radiate through the cotton the same way John's colors radiate through Sherlock's eyelids.
His eyes fall half open, but his vision is unfocused and he feels rather than sees John come closer, until John’s supporting himself on his right elbow, his left hand still fisted in Sherlock’s curls.
John is making jokes -
“We should probably leave this for now,” John says unsteadily, and Sherlock isn’t sure if he means this
No, there’s never been a ‘before’ the thoughts begun. And there will most likely never be an ‘after’ either.
“Well, what can I say? You get used to see all kinds of things when you work as a locum.”
A few people laugh and nod in agreement, and John feels some of the tension leave him.
The phone hits the floor with a thump.
Sherlock slumps down until he’s sitting on the floor, his hand sticky with come and his eyes still shut. John lets go of him, letting him slip down further to the floor. And John wants to leave, wants to wipe himself off and to get his trousers back up and to just be alone for a few minutes, but before he’s even begun to turn around, he finds himself stopping. Instead of walking away from the mess he’s left on Sherlock, he finds himself leaning in, tasting it.
“I'm just trying to understand, Sherlock,” John eventually says, quietly.
There's a chemical similarity to the pain he wants - the one he's being denied - and the pain that had merely been a necessity at the time.
John waves to a member of the staff, ordering, before he returns resumes his coffee-drinking, leaving Sherlock to go through the laptop.
His footsteps, as he paces out to the kitchen, speak of a slight tendency towards limping, which will frequently occur when he's unsettled by something.
and Sherlock
The resistance offered by the muscles inside of Sherlock suddenly lessens and John’s fingers can slide in and out much more easily. He adds a third finger and sets out to find the prostate, soon feeling the knob of tissue and hitting it with his fingertip as he pushes in. Sherlock’s reaction is breathtaking; his whole body jerks and the sounds that escape are nothing but ultimately needy. Some day John will tell Sherlock not to attempt to suppress those sounds, but at this moment John’s too busy breathing to be able to get his own words out right. It doesn’t matter right now.
It's a balancing act.
John is livid.
(He wants to come. He wants to press into that mouth and--)
(It’s been worth it, but for reasons very different from than those initially anticipated. Accidental, positive findings.)
It was simply what happened when touching Sherlock resulted in the reluctant stiffness that John had begun to see a pattern to. Too light, not enough to be fully palpable to Sherlock’s senses. That much had been communicated in previous situations like this.
- but he ignores it for now.
Then, of course, Mycroft makes his best to ensure that it doesn't stay that way.
“As far as you wanted to go, I suppose.”
He only hopes that John will not see this for what it really is.
Obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) and/or tic disorders suddenly appear following a strep infection (such as strep throat or scarlet fever);
“Of course I'm right,” Sherlock says, and for the first time in months he actually believes it. “Cross-check the inventory with his schedule. If your employee was working in connection to the all the occasions when narcotics were unaccounted for, you ought to be able to draw a simple conclusion.”
. Sherlock wonders how John can focus with all the motion and lights sweeping by around them.
The game is -
John shuts his eyes, unable to focus on anything but the sensation of friction, wetness, sucking and on the way Sherlock’s throat muscles spasms over and over again, Sherlock still unable to take all of John’s cock without gagging. After a minute, John forces himself to open his eyes, just long enough to see that Sherlock’s hand is moving over his own cock roughly and uncoordinated, and that saliva is running from Sherlock’s mouth, tears from his eyes and--
• trouble delegating tasks
only to give you everything you think you might want as night falls.
Selma’s voice breaks the silence that lingers in the cab. John feels as if he can actually sense how Selma’s thoughts have spun like electrons around a nucleus ever since they left the pub and he's only surprised that she’s held back her questions for so long.
Lestrade's sunglasses are tinted brown, which is fortunate. Brown will soften everything that is currently too sharp. Unfortunately, they are also of the now-popular pilot type with gold rims, which Sherlock finds to be both unflattering to his own appearance and generally rather tasteless.
“Yes, certain pathological patterns are important to factor in when it comes to the behaviours most likely to present themselves amongst clients and suspects, as evident from this entire conversation.”
(And he is rich, comparatively, and he's white and he’s male, but he wants to tell this woman that he's more than that. A freak. Neuroatypical. Gay. Addicted. Mentally ill. Defective. These are things you can hide more or less successfully when you're a rich, white male, but they're still things that define his every waking minute some days.)
“Will you be needing more?” the neutrally dressed woman outside his door asks and Sherlock shakes his head.
- and Sherlock pinches the skin on his left thigh through the thin wool until there are enough endorphins in his blood to make the vibrations bearable.
- Sherlock reaches for the package of anxiolytics that has now moved to the drawer in his bedside table.
It briefly distracts him, and the stack of papers he's been rifling through tips over and slumps to the floor, scattering over the object that fell just a second previously.
Impulsivity according to Wikipedia:
- probably. Nature of
“Kidnapping. What do you know about custody laws?”
“Okay,” John repeats, slowly. “You’ve made your point. I’m-- It was never you who were ‘wrong’. What was wrong was the fact that I did what I did without knowing if it was something you even wanted.”
“You find me frustrating.”
- striking Sherlock the moment John presses closer, close enough to feel that Sherlock’s body is very much prepared to engage in sexual activity. A breath caught in between their mouths - an odd sensation, fascinating in itself - and a moment of hesitation, of involuntary reaction on John’s part.
“Yeah, they are, I guess.”
He shuts his eyes again, his thrusts becoming more shallow and frantic as he feels the first signs of his orgasm approaching, the tension almost painful before he tips over the edge, shouting, pushing Sherlock’s head to his groin and fucking his throat until oversensitivity sets in. Slowly, he lets go of Sherlock’s head, slipping out of his mouth and feeling the cooler air of the room against his wet cock, shivering.
“I wasn’t aware of doing so.”
There’s a shuffling sound as John shifts on his bed. Judging by the sounds, he’s turned over on his side, so that he's facing Sherlock. Even in the relative darkness of the room, John must be able to make out the outlines of Sherlock’s chest as it rises and falls with his every breath. His breathing is deliberately slow and deep, as he attempts to keep the faint nausea at bay.
“Yes.”
3.44 am
“How did you know?” The man still seated at the table asks, tonelessly. His name is Steven and he's the middleman in several illegal networks that specialise in stolen cars. Sherlock's used him as an informant on several occasions over the years. Tonight he’s given Sherlock enough information to take down at least four bigger players much further up the criminal network, where there were a lot more than stolen property at stake.
Sherlock realises too late that he’s blinking in order to clear his head of the image of John’s hand pressing against his throat just so - not something one ought to imagine after only one kiss, Sherlock knows, but lack of experience does not mean that his tendencies towards sensation-seeking behavior will keep out of this particular area of his personality.
“Slower... a bit harder,” John says with a somewhat strained voice.
This has been two rather retrospective chapters; the following ones will focus more on the effect this has in the present, because that's the most relevant part of retelling things from the past, isn't it?
“You’re not dressed,” Sherlock says, his restlessness and excitement positively reeking. “Up you go, I’ve just identified the only possible suspect that could have made it as far as Kensington before the store closed!”
Picking up his paper again, Sherlock finally allows himself to break eye contact with John.
Sherlock doesn’t expect that to change.
Five words.
John's gaze is travelling between Sherlock’s eyes and wrist, which is still held perfectly still by a firm grip, while Sherlock is not even trying to break away.
John looks at him, then away, then back at him.
It’s true what Mycroft said to him the first time they met.
“What?”
A sharp, scurrying pain hits his sternum, and Sherlock gasps as he jolts, his body struggling to get away from the bright-hot sensation.
Sherlock finds himself smiling at his classmate, trying to recall her name. Danielle? Nathalie? Oh;
Sensation Seeking according to Wikipedia:
It’s a whole other matter to let John see just how it hurts, or allowing himself to give up even a bit of his self-control.
Oh fuck,
pair bonding, and how to interpret the result of his observational studies of it so far.
And it won’t be that easy to just stop brushing John off, not really, because Sherlock didn’t even know that he’d been doing it in the first place. Just like he wasn’t even aware that he’d led John on.
Answer to current item - John
There's no warmth in John’s voice, and this is exactly how Sherlock had felt then, isn’t it? So it makes sense. It makes perfect sense that it’d feel the same way now, eleven years later. Some things don’t change, and some people don’t change. Sherlock hadn't been able to change, even if he ought to.
John wonders if the driver of the cab will enjoy telling this story to her colleagues in between her shifts. Seen from her perspective, it must be a hilarious story to tell. From John’s perspective, on the other hand, this is…
He's fairly certain that this is not what they agreed upon. They might have been deliberately vague when discussing it, but if hair-stroking is what John means by starting slow-- No. It doesn't make sense.
“You’d like to surrender at times, wouldn’t you? You’d like someone to make you surrender, because you can’t do it on your own.”
“Case,” Sherlock says, his voice muffled by the towel he's using to carefully dry his face. “Lestrade texted.”
“Don’t be absurd - did you see the state of that woman’s kitchen? She has at least five rare and high-maintenance plants which would not have survived the episodes of negative symptoms during which I doubt she’d been able to supply the level of care they need in order to thrive, yet they’d clearly been there for several years. There were no medications in the house except for herbs, and while her reasoning over the death of her tenant might seem somewhat paranoid, I doubt that a man like our victim would share a house with a woman with an ongoing paranoid psychosis without attempting to get her to see some medical professionals.”
It's like someone has opened a window in that stuffy old hotel room that Sherlock feels like he's been stuck in for over a week, and as he sees the tears of laughter in John's eyes, hears John joke about Sherlock forgetting his pants and John blogging about it, it feels like it might be fine after all.
Beside him, John is a blend of clear, strong colours - from the danger and the triumphant routine of giving a statement and listening to Sherlock’s deductions as he revealed to Lestrade, bit by bit, the details of the case - and the pale colours of rejection and frustration that had faded before, but now slowly return as they find themselves alone again.
(It will be easier with practise, Sherlock knows this. Once the mechanics and the expectations are better defined, he will be able to do this almost effortlessly.)
Leaving the bathroom after a having showered his body but leaving his hair dry -
He sips his coffee, the plastic cup almost to hot for him to hold. Setting it down besides some crumbs on the table, John looks briefly at Sherlock, then away before he speaks.
Seeing Sherlock like this is enough to make the surge in John's groin to become almost too much, and without giving it another thought, John pushes himself further into Sherlock’s mouth, splaying the fingers of his right hand at the back of Sherlock’s head to hold him still as John moves, finally moves, deeper into his mouth.
The touching isn’t the hardest part, the hardest part is where he needs to
John also fears ‘his worlds meeting’ - Sherlock meeting the John he is at work and vice versa, because to John, these two people have very little in common. He’s afraid, constantly afraid, that someone will one day figure out that he’s no one, because all he does is play different roles depending on the circumstances (people with this symptom are often incredibly empathetic, because you have to be in order to adjust yourself to all these different situations when you can’t rely on your own sense of self in terms of how to act.)
The ‘deductive game’ played in the cab also mentions several areas where people with problems with impulse control may be affected; eating patterns, addictions, social insecurity, need to prove themselves to others and the need to guard themselves in certain situations out of fear of saying or doing something that will harm their ability to reach a goal (be considered professional, be liked by others, not making someone feel ashamed over you and so on).
(See the end of the chapter for
The psychiatry textbooks of 221B; http://sincerely-chaos.tumblr.com/post/155495947321/psychiatry-textbooks-in-221b
After a shower, a shave and a long overdue pampering of the curls, Sherlock is determined not to let imbalance stop him from being (
“You might have missed this during your thorough research of my pathologies, but psychotherapy is, in fact, a valid option for obsessive-compulsive disorder. Given that my mind is, as you say, my biggest asset, it seems worth putting it to work on the problem, wouldn’t you say?”
- and a glance at Sherlock’s mouth -
The kitchen is saturated with grey daylight but it's the pulsing red that breaks through as the kiss breaks, and Sherlock must have gotten lost in his own mind, because they were pressing their mouths against each other's and then suddenly they no longer are, and Sherlock has no recollection of how it ended.
John rubs his hands over his arms, trying to keep some warmth in his body in the freezing January night. Sherlock, on the other hand, doesn't even seem to notice the cold, sitting there like some kind of statue next to John on the bench.
Observing his own reactions after having been exposed to something novel is part of the appeal of any new sensations, because while sensations might often turn out to be painful, upsetting, distasteful or simply disappointing, they are always useful in terms of offering him new reactions to catalogue and analyse.
- emotional response. Sometimes, under different circumstances, Sherlock finds himself debating over whether his brother ever catches a glimpse of the brief hesitance between these two conflicting reactions before Sherlock’s now well-developed cognitive patterns set in and the relief -
Clearing his throat - a nervous habit - John lets go of Sherlock's body, and of their shared breath.
He can handle the internal chaos for a few more minutes, as long as he can feel the weight on him and his brain is flooded by oxytocin, prolactin and endorphins.
There's a case, and he has people to contact, but instead he's on the floor of the living room, shivering in his dressing gown with the wind whipping in through the open window, threatening to scatter the papers on the desk like snowflakes.
It's not that he fears pain. It's just that he dislikes the feeling of being startled, which is one of the reasons that he first began observing both his surroundings and the people around him with something akin to hyper vigilance.
“Ehm, no, that’s… No, I guess I haven’t.” John’s surprised by both Sherlock’s question and his own answer, it seems. “Do... do you want me to?”
John’s voice is commanding, with a hint of resignation. He runs cold water into the sink  and drops a flannel in it, then wrings out the excess water before using the flannel to wipe away the curls from Sherlock’s forehead. The cold and wet mixed with the rough texture of terry cloth distracts Sherlock for a few seconds until the next bout of retching takes a hold of him. Nothing emerges, but Sherlock feels the burn of gastric acid in his esophagus and imagines how it’ll corrode the epithelium. It feels like it’s already corroding. Soon his esophagus will have no epithelium and the food he attempts to digest will be leaking out in…
A shower won’t make anything even remotely better, and getting himself something to eat seems pointless when his appetite is more or less extinguished, but he will do it, because not doing so would be even more pointless.
It’s rare to see Mycroft baffled -
As Sherlock leaves rehab for the second time, it is with only one diagnosis: F19.23 - Other psychoactive substance dependence with withdrawal. Sherlock finds that, as far as validity goes, he has no objections to said diagnosis, given the the psychical and psychological symptoms he's had the misfortune of experiencing during his stay.
“Will you be back in school next week?”
There are messages, missed calls and emails, but that’s too much of a bother. In his post-narcotic heaviness, Sherlock pushes himself up into a sitting position, aware that his blood pressure won’t allow him to stand up too suddenly.
“I'm sorry?”
“I told him no, which actually managed to render him speechless for a few seconds before he tried to persuade me to get you to do it after all. Eventually, I told him the truth, and that set him laughing and telling me I should put ‘living with Sherlock Holmes’ on job applications, since that must surely count for more than working as a locum when it comes to medical emergencies.”
There’s a musty smell coming from the sink beside John and for a moment John thinks that that might be the reason that the air feels too thick. But then he feels the slight tingling in his palms, and he knows his own tells, knows that he’s beginning to panic.
There's suddenly a shift, a deepening of colours, and then clothes are discarded and Sherlock is sitting on the edge of the bed, naked, and John is undressing right in front of him, garment after garment.
Inhale. Exhale.
“You know what?” John says with barely held-back fury. “I hate everyone who have ever hurt you, called you a freak or told you that you are anything but human, but sometimes, Sherlock, sometimes you are making it very, very hard not to agree with them.”
The idea behind the allusions Mycroft used to address Sherlock’s queerness are from a blog post sent to me by GallifreyanGirl79 - thank you, and as you might have noticed, I loved it.
Then there were John’s steps on the stairs and the realisation that while Sherlock might not be able to handle a case, John actually needed this.
"A theory suggested by Solomon where emotional reactions to a stimulus are followed by opposite emotional reactions. This theory may explain why stunt people enjoy their work. First the individual will feel intense anxiety before performing a stunt and then the person will receive an opposite reaction of relief after the stunt is completed. The theory also postulates that repeated exposure to the stimulus will cause less of an initial reaction and a stronger opposing reaction. This may explain why drugs, such as opiates, give diminishing returns after prolonged use yet the effects of withdraw become more intensified and unpleasant."
The informant’s eyes widen for a moment before he resumes his neutral expression. He scans Sherlock's face for a few seconds, then he sighs and looks away.
“But you…”
It only takes a tenth of a second before his mind is invaded by images of John sent violently crashing against the driver’s seat by the impact of a frontal collision.
“And exactly how is acting twitchy and avoiding me whilst being even more rude than usual supposed to help make me feel comfortable?” John asks incredulously.
Sherlock has, however, rearranged the sheets thirteen times -
Breathing through his nose, Sherlock finds it easy to slip into well-known patterns.
“If he’s your best friend, colleague and you’re living together, and you said what you said about him, knowing what I think you know about him - no matter how shitty his own remarks were - than I’d say you were pretty cruel earlier. But that’s just me.”
--still there’s a jolt of something -
against the black leather as soon as the door closes behind him.
When it comes to pain, the effect it has on his nervous system will differ significantly depending on how it’s inflicted.
There’s a silence before John answers, sounding a bit more sober now, his voice more careful as he speaks.
(For more information about stimming, see Stimming in A Study in Floodgates). I let Sherlock make a distinction between his 'stimming' behaviours and his more deliberate self-harm. That's illustrates the way I see it; stimming might involve pain and harm done, but it's not as deliberate or as planned as self-harm might otherwise be. Besides, it's often something starting far earlier in life for those who have this type of stimming, and often it starts at an age before the concepts of 'punishing oneself' or 'controlling emotions' were estabilshed clearly in one's mind. Painful stimming rarely causes permanent damage, but there could be exceptions. But the way to approach these two different forms of harm - deliberate self-harm and stimming that involves temporary pain/damage - are so widely set apart that I wouldn't group them together.
Compensation in this chapter:
My thanks to my ever-trusted partner in depravity, pennypaperbrain, who managed to directly pinpoint what felt wrong about the original ending of this chapter and also made me give it an ending that leads more directly onto... things I guess you might enjoy, if you're reading this oddity of a story.
until my eyes have readjusted to seeing you
“Okay.”
(That he was…
John is leaning in just a bit closer.
He took her advice and began using one obsession to cancel out another, more disturbing, one.
Sorry for the delay, by the way.
Silence.
“And you said that I could continue to lead you on, as long as I didn’t brush you off.”
Answer to current item - John
Sherlock can feel muscles shift under John’s skin as he lifts his head to peer down at Sherlock, who refuses to oblige by turning his face towards John.
“There’s something you’re not telling me, Sherlock, and I don’t really give a shit about what it is at this point. I just need you to spill it out - though not literally, your fluid balance can’t afford that at this point - so we can deal with whatever it is causing this. I’m not going to play detective with this, you hear me? I’m tired of being left out of whatever game you’re playing with your health. I’m a doctor, and you either tell me what you’ve done or I’ll just leave you to it, because you’re making it very hard for me to help you.”
Without any studies to occupy his time, Sherlock has set out to once and for all determine what it is that causes him so much trouble with living. With a psychiatry textbook in front of him, he methodically worked his way through the diagnoses, searching for an explanation - other than his unusual intellect - for his being what he is. He's been ruthless, completely unsentimental about it all, because he’s no longer in a position where he can claim with even a trace of conviction that there isn’t anything wrong with him.
With that, the conversation is apparently over, at least on John’s part, because John breaks the eye contact after a few seconds, and then there’s teeth against Sherlock’s nipple, and when he lets his hand fall to his side, getting ready to stop John, there’s a strong grip around his wrist, pinning it down to the sofa. John’s mouth leaves his skin, and it aches as John once again looks at him.
“Point taken,” he says simply, his pulse visibly more rapid -
John wouldn’t know, as he’s been too busy to update himself on the subject. And now that he has the time, he is all too aware that how you phrase things doesn’t matter.
. “Some drugs attempt to stabilise chronic imbalance, and my brother is not one for balance.”
John doesn’t remove his hand fully, but as Sherlock’s muscles shivers and shake under the strain of holding himself up, he allows his knuckles to only brush against Sherlock’s chest, a ghost of the pain stimulus Sherlock’s just endured.
When he opens his eyes again, what he sees is his now slowly softening cock still in Sherlock's hand, Sherlock's palm now smeared with come.
He almost laughs, sardonically, because he can’t quite believe that this is the moment his body chooses to remind him of his resurrected libido. It’s been… persistent, to say the least, ever since the first week without Clomipramine. It’s ironic, perhaps, that he will now no longer have anyone to share this side-effect with.
Sherlock's not sure what exactly he’s avoiding. It’s a nebulous, ghost-like presence, seeping under doors and through--
If the possibility of death is inconsequential, or even desirable, then there’s no reason not to risk his own life for the sake of something more substantial than his own current mental instability.
“Look,” Selma says with a trace of hesitation in her voice as she looks at Sherlock over the corpse. “I just want to say that I’m sorry about what I said. Not all of it, no; far from, but the part where I made assumptions about the way you feel about John. It’s none of my business, and I had no right to… voice my thoughts on the subject.”
“I assist him,” John offers quickly, before Sherlock has a chance to open his mouth.
A few breaths go by before John tugs at Sherlock’s hair, causing him to shut his eyes again, interrupting his attempts to get his breathing back under control.
“Don’t be ashamed, John, there’s nothing wrong with being straight. It’s all fine. Fucking another man’s face relentlessly isn’t everyone’s cup of tea, is it? I assume it’s not the preferred brew for cardigan-wearing, gentle doctors.”
Tapping, feeling the vibrations underneath his skin and wanting to do more than tap - wanting to
“Ha, bloody, ha,” John says drily, returning his attention to his own phone and resuming his ingestion of Weetabix.
John sees a few curious glances in their direction, and attempts to ignore it, because quite frankly, Sherlock's already given them more than enough to talk about already with his little… fit back there. Shaking his head, John tries to calm down just a beat.
John’s mouth is lapping the side of his neck and John’s hand is moving over his pectorals, his sternum, his clavicles and pressing fingers into his skin. Sherlock’s own hands are mapping the skin of John’s back, feeling every scar, feeling the muscles shift as John breathes heavily and the muscles enable John’s hands and mouth to reach new areas of Sherlock’s skin. It’s beautiful, feeling the beginning of the movement, blunt and unspecific, in the muscles of John’s back, and the result in the fine and controlled movements of hands and lips. If Sherlock could also feel how John’s brain starts the signaling that is sent down his spinal cord, reaching his peripheral nervous system, crossing synapses and finally reaching the muscles of John’s lips, making every little movement and shift so precise and exquisite, he’d never need anything else. The mystery of the human mind would be there, under his fingertips, and he’d never need any other experiments.
“Have,” Sherlock corrects automatically, because if he needs to endure this conversation, he might as well endure it in a technically correct way.
It feels like pressure, but it's not the usual pressure. It's more of a heaviness. Mycroft, all evidence to the contrary, is one of the few people who has never considered Sherlock to be antisocial. Part of Sherlock hates this fact, because it was born out of his brother having seen him in far too many situations where he was… less controlled. And yet--
Sherlock puts away his laptop, leaning his chin in his hands, following John with his gaze as he speaks.
At this point in the conversation, Sherlock had found himself staring at the screen, feeling something lurch in his stomach.
“You don't look nearly intoxicated enough to me,” says Nadine and smiles the sloppy smile of the inebriated.
Depression in this chapter:
Their hands have stopped moving but haven't moved away. Sherlock's skin is painted by John's breath against his jaw. It's 3.47 pm and Sherlock still doesn't know if this changes anything.
“Oh, I don’t know, perhaps it’s you that ought to be the judge of that?” he says with a smile, taking one more drink of his beer.
It's rattled off as a deduction, and in way, it is one. It's just that it's a carefully worded deduction thrown out as haphazardly as if had been about John's latest flu patient on the clinic.
However, the problem with any kind of adjustment to his appearance is that it needs to be consistent. If he starts shaving - or rather waxing, considering his easily irritated skin - he'll have to keep it up for as long as he and John continue… any kind of physical relationship. And while that may not be a very long time, given their admittedly rather modest odds of success in this regard, Sherlock wonders if he would be able to keep it up, especially during periods of intense casework. Tending to one’s pubic hair while there’s a case on would be… unthinkable. And yet, he wouldn’t want John to be faced with stubble, the visible evidence of Sherlock being the kind of man that took to remove parts of his pubic hair.
(He can see -
filthy
. He simply doesn’t speak the language people wish to hear in these situations.)
There’s no reason to deny that, even if Sherlock wants to protest, wants to say that a mental challenge is a rare thing and should therefore--
Much more can be said about this, and there will be another chapter (part II) on this subject as well, but that's a few chapters away yet. As always; correct me, discuss things or point out stuff that I've missed as much as you like; I quite adore learning stuff.
But temporary is all it will ever be. John doesn't want a man and Sherlock doesn't want to want this; it's set up for disaster. Leaving would at least not push it to the limit the way staying might do - causing John to panic even further by implying that Sherlock wanted…
Steadying himself with a hand on the counter closest to him, he breathes hard, watching Sherlock’s face scrunch up as he sways for a second after John has backed away, then regaining his balance with a hand on the edge of the table while he continue to work himself with a frenzy John has never seen before. He looks desperate, there on his own on the floor, and John pushes himself away from the counter, moves towards Sherlock and lets his hand resume its grip on his hair, and Sherlock leans his head back and comes just seconds later, John’s hand still holding him.
- and make himself look down, look at John's hands fumbling with his zipper, looking at John's face and--
“Not all delusions are psychotic.”
Continuing to riffle through various stacks of paper, Sherlock suddenly finds that he no longer seems to remember quite what he had been looking so intently for just seconds ago.
“Because you’ve chosen not to tell me yet.”
It wasn’t that Sherlock was unaware of the existence of homosexuality outside of his own - now efficiently compartmentalised - desires. Quite the opposite; anything else was impossible when growing up during the 90’s, in the wake of the AIDS fear and in the tide of a countermovement of pride and growing visibility.
What Sherlock sees himself sees is far more nuanced: traces of a strategy that's now abandoned.
Resisting the urge to swallow, Sherlock only raises his eyebrows in return, waiting.
Sherlock hadn’t found himself relating to the man. But then, he rarely did.
Eva and a few others laugh, and Selma, who's sitting to his right, raises her glass for a toast with him.
Ignoring John, Sherlock absent-mindedly takes a sip of his own coffee.
John is seated on the sofa, studying the comments on his blog. The curious glowing orange is still present but the blue has shift into a blend of Tyrian purple and teal. Sherlock finds it hard to redirect his eyes from the color spectrum that is John Watson.
Death - at least his own death - ought to be rational. Mental illness is, per definition, not rational. Hence, that shouldn’t be allowed to be the thing that kills him. Sherlock himself should be what kills him, but he can’t disregard the fact that he is currently more than a bit affected by a substance-induced depression.
Laying there, still curled up on his side like he’d been when John had taken a seat next to him, Sherlock finds that his limbs want to curl up even more, enfolding himself in his own arms, seeking out the pressure and the warmth. It’s just biochemical reflexes, but the manifestations are intense enough to be quite interesting to observe as he refuses to give in to them.
“-and since you’re surprisingly selective when it comes to how you apply your skills in chemistry I don’t doubt that you failed to take that into account. What I’m saying is-”
He might as well be in a village outside of Dhaka.
Inhale.
For once, there's not much more to it than what Sherlock's already disclosed.
John leaves the kitchen, and Sherlock finds himself looking him over as he heads towards the bathroom.
The eagerness in Sherlock’s motions is both uncharacteristic in these situations and very interesting. Sherlock losing self-control when faced with John’s cock is nothing but complimentary and reassuring, proving John’s observations about what Sherlock wants (
John slumps down even further, falling to Sherlock's side rather than staying on top of him.
Sherlock grunts. Actually, the man is harmless - Sherlock is good at judging such things, because it takes one freak to know another. What would it be like to live on the safe side of the line that others are so sure of, but he can’t seem to find?
“Anything on?” John asks, sinking into his chair with a sigh.
in the transition between
Neatly placed in an empty space created in the midst of clutter -
Just as Sherlock is realising just what he’s doing, his eyes slide up to John’s face, and his hand stops moving as he sees the way John instantly tries to make his face neutral, like he didn’t just witness Sherlock trying to erase the traces of their physical contact.
They're both watching. Sherlock must know that John is watching as fingers slides up his hips and then a hand is enclosing around John's cock, and it looks strange there; Sherlock's hand being
Hardly likely
Sherlock is bored -
But first, as it seems, he will need to pay the cabbie, because John's already left the cab and is heading towards their front door.
When Sherlock is eleven years, six months and fourteen days old he’s just like any odd, uncomfortable, confused genius. When he’s eleven years, six months and fifteen days old his brain derails while going at it’s usual speed of 80 mph.
; the scar,
Risking his life is doubtlessly good for his ability to live.
“And as I’ve made quite clear, that’s not something that I have any interest in either.”
Apparently, it isn't.
Borderline PD criteria used in this chapter:
It’s not the first time he’s been to a psychiatrist, but it’s the first time that Mummy doesn’t protest or drag him out of there before the evaluation has even begun, tight-lipped as she apologised to him for having given into his teacher’s plea to have him tested. After that first time, when Mummy sat silently beside him, not arguing with the psychiatrist even as the questions became more and more ludicrous, Sherlock declared that he would only agree to attend the next appointment if she wasn’t in the room with him. He’d gotten his way without much of a fight, which was perhaps the most worrying thing in this whole business.
...and perhaps they should have talked about condoms, but they didn’t, because they don’t talk and John does not want to do it like that, so he prefers not ask. He wants to feel this fully and he wants very much to spill into Sherlock like this and have it leak out and stick on his thighs and run down his…
As John settles down by the table, mug in front of him and phone still in hand, reading, Sherlock knows that while this isn’t quite as effortless as it used to be - before tachycardia and inadvisable kissing and oral sex in the kitchen - it’s slowly approaching their baseline for normality.
“Excuse me for a second, I think I need to send a text.”
He hears his footsteps moving into the next room, and suddenly there are no colours left to distract him, and for some reason it feels like a loss. It shouldn’t be like this, because Sherlock knows it’s just in his head, knows that he can defeat this and what do these papers even mean, he can’t focus and--
“Want a drink?”
In the end Sherlock also manages (albeit not through the aid of a sufficient amount of reliable scientific evidence, as he had hoped) to make up his mind regarding what does and does not constitute a chemical defect.
The truth comes easily when the alternative explanation is more humiliating to his own ability to think critically.
; confident now, apparently comfortable in his own nudity, with his own body -
John leaves the kitchen and return a minute later with his phone, most likely found on the floor of Sherlock’s room. The kettle clicks, and John distractedly pours himself a cup while still reading on his phone that he's placed on the counter next to his mug.
(That he’s also observed at least 29 different variations on exasperation is beside the point.)
“What does the question of me being or not being gay have to do with anything?” Sherlock counters, clenching the fist of his left hand, the one John can’t see, because it's none of John's business.
Sherlock retreats anyway, because John doesn’t have to voice any of the questions or doubts for Sherlock to feel their impact, heavy and suffocating.
There could be several different contributing factors to this apparent decrease in part of his executive functions, but no matter how many factors he weighs it doesn’t change the unacceptable result. His mental abilities may be deteriorating, and he isn’t sentimental or protective of his own ego to a degree that would allow him to rationalize this fact by fudging the result by including factors such as possible damage arising from previous drug use, age, lack of practice or lack of sleep. Self-diagnostics needed to be run, and the cause of this problem needs to be identified and properly dealt with.
“Oh. So you're not a--”
“Good, continue not to make that mistake, then.”
“My list,” Sherlock says slowly, “is in no way complete yet, as I don't know exactly what you have in mind and can't be asked to cover all eventualities, but I think you can be fairly certain that I would have listed that if it was a hard limit.”
Really, if Sherlock didn’t want to be here, he could have just said so, but no, he had to get himself thoroughly pissed without John even noticing him actually drinking and then there’d been several things happening at once and out of nowhere, Sherlock had just begun yelling, raging at everyone and--
. Why?
. “Seeing how you seem to radiate buzzing activity almost every single moment, I’d say it's no wonder that your amygdala is working overtime.”
“It's simple chemistry. I'm merely better at measuring my dosage than you lot.”
Sherlock shudders at the thought as it once again hits him. The thought that this is it; this is what he’s been so afraid of, and now it’s out there, now it’s acknowledged, at least to himself. Sherlock is in love, and it’s perhaps Not Good, but John said that he could deal with a bit of Not Good, if that was what it took to figure this out. At least then they’d know. Sherlock isn’t sure if John ever understood the possible magnitude of ‘a bit Not Good’ when they spoke of it in the beginning of… this. It was weeks ago, and Sherlock hadn’t thought that ‘being in love’ was a possibility, that it was something he was able to experience. Something similar, yes; he’d felt something similar once or twice, but it was darker than what other people would suggest ‘being in love’ was. But since the afternoon when John had found him in the bathroom, and then followed him to the rooftop, he’s been forced to admit that this might just be it, that this might be what people talked about. And Sherlock hated feeling things that other people could relate to since it made the feelings seem simple and irrational.
John assured her that it was, and left her smiling as he made his way through the pub. When he returned with their second round she looked inquiringly at him, but resumed the previous topic for a while, now with a more actively listening John. They’d made it to their third drink when she once again got that look on her face, and now she spoke.
Mycroft speaks first. He always makes sure to get the first word - and the last.
And then he’ll leave.
Suddenly, it fits.
As long as there is a significant decrease in the time it takes him to complete the test, he will not have to consider that particular question.
“It was you who started all of this.”
There's an ache in his right hand, a distant pounding that grounds him.
It must clearly be the placebo effect -
Sherlock, standing beside him in front of the bathroom mirror is currently applying his deodorant, filling the room with a poncy smell of something that reminds John vaguely of some kind of wood. Sherlock, actually using the bathroom for some of its intended uses while John is there. Sherlock, acting like this is nothing out of the ordinary.
(sent message)
John watches the involuntary tears that well up in Sherlock’s eyes as he tries to swallow. John wipes a few tears off with his thumb before he pulls almost all the way out again.
His hands are too heavy to make it all the way, but there's voices in the distance, and he'll surely black out any moment, because the pain is burning away in his lungs, lungs that are…
. Then, his face makes up its mind, and the expression that remains is… hurt.
John’s gaze is flickering, while his posture seems intended to make him seem more… steady? He's sitting with his legs a bit wider apart than he usually does, his back straighter, the way some men would do to assert their masculinity - absurd,
John's voice.
“New tailor.”
With a sigh, Sherlock pulls himself up to sit on his bed. The sudden movement leaves him dizzy, his blood pressure quickly adjusting to the new position. Everything around him seems slightly distorted.
I like to think of this chapter as having the subtitle “somewhat dysfunctional variations of 'foreplay’ - kink negotiations without the negotiations”.
There's giggles and shouting coming from Museum Road, and Sherlock wonders if the party he was invited to is still ongoing. Most likely, since all the chemistry students in his year have just completed one of their biggest exams and there won't be any lectures tomorrow. That makes for a night of celebration, but then there's little about what other students consider ‘celebratory’ that Sherlock finds even remotely bearable.
It’s another kind of obsession, this, but it’s not pathological.
Item on the checklist illustrated;
It isn't until he's already seated in front of his laptop and the Skype call comes through that Sherlock remembers that he's still dressed in nothing but a sheet.
“John. If a girl who was moderately popular in her circles, had somewhat decent grades, aspired to become a journalist and considered piercing her nose to be an act of rebellion - which her parents seemed to agree on, by the way - wanted to try something new, wouldn’t you rather think that she’d apply for Bible Studies abroad or attempt a career as a singer, rather than selling her expensive bags - all seven of them - to move in with a single mother and her toddler whilst earning her money by taking a low-paid night job at a home for severely disabled youth, and then spend that money on rent for a family of four illegal immigrants? Look at her hair, John. She didn’t even bother to recolour it as it grew out. She’s got hair that’s half blonde and half chesnut, and I’m pretty certain that’s not fashionable even in her current circles.”
- and burning light. John’s still holding his phone, but Sherlock can see that he’s looking at him from the corner of his eye. Sherlock shuts his eyes, shuts the world out and pretends that it’s a perfectly normal thing for him to do. That Sherlock is someone who commonly tilts his head against the neck rest and closes his eyes for a few minutes’ rest in a cab. That this is something normal and that John won’t see it as… something that isn’t.
way, the way that means that he's trying to figure out whether Sherlock's playing him or not, and Sherlock
The sound of John's muffled cries from above died out hours ago, but in his head such things have a tendency to echo in the silence. As dawn approaches behind drawn curtains, Sherlock surrenders to insomnia and gets up to a sitting position on his bed, knees drawn up and back resting against the headboard.
Tapping of toes.
Proximity blur turns into motion blur inside Sherlock’s head.
He swallows them down with cold tea -
[...]
"Alright. Me, then."
This, Sherlock thinks, is horrendous. And even worse; it makes absolutely no sense.
- before taking off his coat, waiting for John to emerge from his bedroom, where he must have gone to take off his shoes and get his pyjamas.
“You could have been bloody killed!” the DI exclaims, rubbing the fingers of his free hand against the bridge of his nose.
Solving the case doesn’t even ease the pressure of being in the limbo of not knowing, because he will still be staring at the next puzzle as he gets home. He will never feel certain or understand what goes on inside of his friend’s head. He’s been spending more and more time not knowing these last few weeks, and it’s beginning to tear at him.
They know what this is.
There’s a faint smell of sweat coming from Sherlock, and his pyjamas seems to have been put on in a haste.
He will not get away. Not this time.
Sherlock's eyes flick up to John, surprised, but John removes his hand from Sherlock, backing away, giving him space.
Staying ‘safe’ is an illusion, Sherlock knows as he reaches the other side of the street, because he never feels more
There's the haziness from the endorphins still lingering in his blood, a faint ache on his scalp, a strange and somewhat unfamiliar urge to be
[   ]  Y = Yes
Resting.
Warning: dubcon fantasies
John offers Sherlock a hand, helping him up so that they’re both sitting, almost facing one another.
John rolled his now empty glass in his hands, distantly wondering if he should even be discussion Sherlock with his co-worker. Still, he didn’t change the subject. Perhaps it was the weakening of inhibitions Selma had mentioned. Selma, who began to look quite attractive - if he were to disregard the fact that she was almost half his age - with her animated movements and with her idle fidgeting lessened by the depressing effect of alcohol. He shook his head.
For the last couple of days, the Rubik’s cube has been lying on one of the side-tables in the sitting room, irking Sherlock every time he sees it. Now, it’s time for a re-test.
. It takes self-control not to break contact as the arterial red almost drowns out the Tyrian purple and completely erases any traces of the midnight blue and any hints of bright greens. The khaki remains at the edges; an uncertainty not fully extinguished. It takes a few taps of his toes, hidden in his dress shoes, to let go of some of the pressure and direct his focus on this.
(See the end of the chapter for
John’s hand manages only a few strokes before Sherlock feels the tightness in his pelvis, feels something threaten to burst, feels his own body tense up, feverishly thrusting up into John’s hand and pushing John’s finger further in opposite movements. Then the release comes, and it’s such a break of tension that he shakes as he keeps thrusting, distantly feeling a finger being clenched inside him, distantly hearing himself groan.
) his usual self.
(John’s movements - decisive now. There’s no doubt whom is kissing and who’s being kissed in this, and it’s almost like it wouldn’t be Sherlock’s fault if this backfired.)
Waiting for John to continue, Sherlock remains silent, taking his hands off the wheel only to have them resting in his lap without having anything to fidget with. He eventually settles one of them into his coat pocket.
He sucks the fingers that are intruding in his mouth and the skin is harder there than on most of the other places Sherlock has tasted, and the taste is sharper. And John has put two of his fingers in his mouth, keeping them there, making him suck them, and the implications of that gesture aren’t lost on him. Letting his tongue swirl around them, sucking and dragging his teeth along them, he uses the data from some of his more recent studies on human sexuality to imitate the act of fellatio. He’s researched, because even if John seems to enjoy what they've done so far, he knows that some technique might be useful in future encounters.
“Why tonight?”
Time-consuming and comprehensive, yes, but it hadn’t been even a five on Sherlock’s scale of case novelty. It was uninspired but still fairly hard to solve, and the frustration was clearly showing on his friend’s face when John followed Sherlock’s pacing steps out of NSY. The fitful motions of the man currently waving at a taxi in a less than cohesive manner was something John had come to attribute to disgraceful handling of violins and rather nasty remarks on whatever John did.
John is on a tube train -
It’s minutes before a taxi comes down the street, and Sherlock almost misses it, his eyes still not adjusted to the daylight and the piercing sharpness that’s making it impossible to force his eyes to open fully. John is silent beside him, scrolling on his phone while waiting for Sherlock’s cab-hunting mojo to kick in. As the cab pulls over, Sherlock’s eyes catch on its numberplate -
When John opens his eyes, he can see long fingers stroke down the side of his shirt-clad waist, feeling Sherlock's breath pause to swallow.
That's not the whole of it. He has to force the word out.
(To what he’s inviting John to do.)
Sherlock doesn’t. He wants to want John to stop, but he doesn’t. The hold on his hair makes shaking his head difficult, but he manages. He doesn’t want to ever know what his face must be displaying at this moment, because he is rather certain that it won’t be something appropriate or confident. Sherlock needs a lot of things, and one of them is to never feel needy.
And as John rubs at his own neck -
For a moment, Sherlock's thoughts pause. It would be so easy just to--
Putting anything on the table himself would be far too much of a risk. This, Sherlock knows, will have to be on John's terms. Sherlock will not be able to control the consequences or the direction this is taking otherwise.
Seeing Sherlock accepting his touch as it grows more firm and more painful is a high that goes directly to John's cock. He wants to make Sherlock take it, wants to take what he wants from the infuriating man who becomes so conformable when John touches him. John wonders how much Sherlock can take before reaching a breaking point. And, in the end, there’s the curious question of how much John himself is willing to take from Sherlock.
