"My house. And if Rhodey didn't like your best friend so much, you'd be kicked out in an instant. Now, fuck off."
After school, Peter got punched by Flash's right hand man, Skip Westcott. Then, kicked multiple times in the ribs by Flash himself, which especially hurt considering his incident with his binder that morning. Then he had to be jostled around by the subway, which he nearly missed, making others elbow and jab at his injuries. When he finally got to the tower, the elevator was unavailable for some ungodly reason so he had to use the stairs to go to the penthouse with a heavy bookbag. All of this considered, Peter wasn't in the best mood. That still gave him no reason to snap at his dad.
"Look, Mr. Rogers, I don't like you. And I honestly doubt you like me. We're only hanging out because we both love my dad. And I don't trust you with him, but for his sake, I'll play nice. Just... stop pretending like we're friends."
"I know this family is kinda messed up and broken, Pete," Tony sighed. "But I'll fix this family somehow. Even if I have to do it on my own."
Peter basically pulled his friends up the stairs, and flopped onto the giant couch, turning on the TV. MJ basically fell onto the couch next to him, but Ned just sat casually.
Bucky stepped into the kitchen, kissing Clint's forehead and handing him a cup he salvaged from Cooper. "Drink up, we gotta get goin' soon."
"If you do, you shouldn't have just walked out. He's probably freaking terrified that you're gonna kick him out. Bruce has been trying his best to distract him, but he's not his dad. You are. And, honestly, don't even get me started on what you said to poor Clint-"
What would have happened if Steve wasn't such a dumbass? Would he eventually gather up the courage to finally propose to him with the ring he bought months ago? Would he be right there with Tony to help him understand Peter was his son? Could he possibly be considered as another father to Peter?
As she fell back to sleep, Steve entered the living room quietly. "Hey, Clint. We set up two guest rooms on your floor if you need it."
"Yeah, I know. You sent me a text. One, singular text at three o'clock! But wait, what time is it again, F.R.I.D.A.Y.?"
He faintly heard Nat's voice in the back of his mind, but it was muddled and blurred and confusing. Like it was just clouding up his mind.
Before Cooper left, Peter grabbed his hand. "Cooper, if you ever need to talk about your dad, I'm right here, okay?"
" Tony screamed in his face before closing the lab's glass door. Through the glass he heard, "F.R.I.D.A.Y., put the lab on lockdown."
steve is falling apart and peter tries to be the best hero he can while getting away from his troubles.
Steve sat down with his coffee, just letting the warmth of the drink soak into his hands. He stared into the black coffee before tilting his head back and swallowing it all.
Peter woke up early the next day, despite his devastating lack of sleep. Clint stayed with the boy for two hours, calming him down after his and Tony's fight. Then he couldn't sleep for two more hours. Then he woke up at seven am, unable to fall asleep again, which lead him to thinking, which lead him to absolutely hating himself and wanting to die. Both of those feelings he usually worked out on patrol, but he didn't want to sneak out since Tony was already mad at him.
Tony shielded his face, but Peter just grinned at the camera until they got to the car. Peter checked his phone for the first time in two hours.
Tony's face was buried in his hands. Peter threw his arms around Tony. "Oh! And Miss Widow- I-I mean Nat, she wants to be called Nat, is also really nice! She and Mr. Hawkeye wanted to teach me how to fight, but Mr. Hawkeye said Dad would yell at them 'cause he said he didn't want me hurt. And Mr. Hawkeye is really nice too! He played Mario Kart with me and my friends!"
"Hey, Peter, and please, for the love of God, call me Natasha or Nat. Miss Romanoff makes me to feel way too old."
Peter was worried MJ was talking about his arm before he caught her staring at Shuri. Peter smirked as Cooper nudged her.
"The answers no," the fourth and final girl said. "He's gay and dating Captain America, a fellow avenger. Can there be more dangerous conditions?"
Peter and Cooper were standing outside Cooper's apartment, Cooper desperately trying to calm him down.
In the living room, Clint had already taken out his bright purple hearing aids as soon as the two walked into the kitchen alone. It seemed as if the other Avengers were 100% used to this, which freaked Peter out even more.
Natasha watched Ned frantically typing on his laptop as they sat on the couch. He pulled up a program with way too many colored dots to count. He typed some more and most disappeared, but it still looked like a clown threw up on it. Especially on Avengers Tower.
After about thirty minutes, the entire team chatting casually with Ned and Peter. MJ was staring at Tony, which was making him very uncomfortable. Why was this tiny teen glaring at him?
"Nothin' much, Coopston," MJ grinned, pulling out of the parking lot. "You ready to see your love, Peter Parker?"
Cooper and Tony walked into the kitchen, Clint immediately shutting him mouth and Steve moving towards the door.
Clint sat carefully on the couch. After Cooper left, even Peter ignored him. Peter was mad at him. He doesn't know why. He doesn't know what happened. He gripped the couch. God dammit, he hasn’t dont this in so fucking long, why now?
Peter heard Mandy's steps coming down the stairs, and if she catches him talking to anyone, he's scared of what would happen.
Peter tried not to cry because if he started he wouldn't be able to stop then he'd have to explain to Tony Stark that he dreamed of the day where he actually met his father and his father loved him. With a shaky voice, he muttered out, "O-Okay, D-Dad."
Cooper kissed his mom goodbye, ruffling his little brother Nate's hair, before trotting down the stairs of his apartment building where MJ was honking the horn. He slipped into the back seat, despite he was the tallest.
Bucky nodded and squeezed his hand tightly as they pulled up to the courthouse. Clint spotted Lila sitting on the bench in front. Clint stepped out of the car and rushed to hug her. "Hey, kid."
"Quiet, Steve. He needs to learn his lesson. You may have been quite rude, but you can't fight fire with fire. He needs to learn that."
"Go away, Steve!" Tony screamed, shoving the soldier away. The blonde stayed put, feet glued to the ground.
Clint started crying again. "Too late to do anything about it, though. Cooper hates me, Lila probably hates me, and Nathaniel will grow up hating me. What the fuck am I supposed to do about it."
Peter and Shuri clicked instantly. Peter asked her if she could make his hand sticky since he was Spider-Man. After fan girling for a second, she agreed to.
"You don't get it!" Steve yelled, fists shaking as he gripped onto a shirt. "He doesn't want me here! I mess- no, I fucked up! Tony doesn't want me here, he isn't taking me back anytime soon, and I'm just torturing myself by being near him constantly! I-"
He's watching Tony crumble before his eyes. Cooper, who seems like such an energetic young man, has become increasingly closed off, only speaking to his nuclear family.
Cooper slowly let go of his hand before unlocking his apartment door. "Mooom! I'm back with my friend!"
Peter ducked into the classroom, sitting behind Ned and whispering very quietly, "I am so so so gay."
"Look, Steve. I'm not even gonna stall. Neither of us can deal with that anymore. So, I had a conversation with Peter and it really made me open my eyes. Peter deserves a family who loves each other and... even though we've hurt each other, you're still apart of our family. So, if you'd like, we'd enjoy having you in the tower again. You could even bring Bucky. This place is tiny for two super soldiers. Once you've decided, call me, alright?" Tony stood and brushed himself off. He placed a kiss to his blonde locks before leaving the apartment, smiling to himself because of how damn good it feels to forgive a man you still love.
Clint slipped into a long sleeved button up, matching it with a black blazer and a purple tie. He stumbled his way to the kitchen, where Cooper was chugging a pot of coffee just like his old man.
Steve has never put a sketchbook down so quickly in his life. He quickly followed the billionare down the hall to his workshop. "Come sit."
"Fair. Who doesn't? But not what the endgame of this conversation. Since you are my one and only true heir, I was thinking, and you don't have to say yes, maybe adding Stark to your last name? Like Parker-Stark? Or Stark-Parker?" Tony said, fiddling with his robots.
Steve pried Peter from Cooper's arm, trying to be as careful as possible. Peter opened his eyes slightly, "Pops? Is Coop okay?"
He, in all honesty, did not mean to cheat on Tony those months ago. He just got mad Tony seemed to be spending time with every other person but Steve. Hell, Tony seemed to enjoy the company of his A.I.s before he'd talk to Steve. He just wanted Tony to get jealous. A little riled up. Maybe even think that he might be losing Steve. So he flirted with a pretty red head girl with freckles splattered across her pale face. Sure, she was cute, but she wasn't Steve's type.
Clint coughed loudly, face flushing bright red. Thankfully, Peter and Tony came in and distracted Cooper and Lila. "Morning, Barton Bunch."
Peter let out another squeak as he lifted up his arm, only for two hundred pound of America gently slam into his chest. His arms wrapped around Peter’s torso, and Peter wrapped his arm around his neck. Peter sniffled.
He made his way down to where Tony showed him where the kitchen was. He stopped hearing harsh whispers coming from the room. Thank goodness for spidey-hearing.
As he read article after article about building up a teen's confidence and communication, his head started to throb. He was going to kill this kid before he turned sixteen. He felt terrible. Peter seems like such a sweet kid and he was mess up his entire life. Tony was just an idiotic, drunk, playboy billionaire. He didn't even know he was a dad. He probably passed on his worst genes, like his anxious tendencies and proneness to addiction. He was going to ruin this kid. He felt a weight press on his chest. Jesus Christ, not now, not ever.
In the morning, Tony was more than worried when he saw Clint in Peter's room, since that only meant one thing, it made Tony sick. Peter must have had a nightmare. And he didn't come to Tony. That's why he was urgently whisking waffles, Steve trying to calm him down.
A few hours later in Manhattan, Tony Stark was in the midst of the very beginnings of a panic attack. He rested his elbows on the lab's desk, hands gripping at his brown hair. All this started with Tony thinking of Peter, trying to even get a grasp on that he, Anthony Edward Stark, had a child, a son. A nice, amazing, sweet son who Tony is going to end up ruining. Whether it be from his seclusion, his alcoholism, his trouble forming relationships, his anxiety, or, hell, even just from being a superhero.
.  His arms were crossed and his usually glistening sky blue eyes were frozen ice cold. Tony could tell his teeth were clenched by his jaw. And honestly? He looked hot.
Tony clutched the table in front of him. "You think I don't know that? I'm- I just need time to process and research and get the facts-"
Steve saw Tony walk into the room out of the corner of his eye, making his stomach explode into butterflies. Tony spotted him and rushed over.
"My name is Peter Parker, I am fifteen, I attend Midtown High School, I live in Queens, I was born on August 25, 2003, and my best friends' names are MJ and Ned!" he squeaked out, all in one breath. The blonde held back a laugh.
So, Peter basically fell asleep at the lunch table until Cooper poked him in the side followed by MJ throwing ice cubes at him.
Though Liz does often cross the sophomore's mind, it was actually not thinking of the beautiful senior. He was thinking about his deadbeat father again. Ever since his fifteenth birthday, he's been asking more questions about him. Peter knew his dad was alive, he didn't quite know who or where he is... but he must be out there somewhere, right?
"Go to hell. My mom would never hate anyone because of that. And you're trying to say she's a liar."
"Sh, I know, buddy, I know."  He hugged him tightly. "The-The poison kicked in too quickly, they- they couldn't."
"Yeah," Peter chuckled, still quite awkwardly. "Like if you won Dad, Sam, and Rhodey would never let him ever hear the end of it."
Peter, in all honesty, had trouble getting through his last few periods, gym being especially hard when he got harassed by Flash. After school, Cooper did try to talk to him, but his little sister dragged him away.
Mandy hasn't been down in a while, Peter realizes. He's beginning to think a little clearer. He taps the back of his web slingers three time, automatically rebooting Karen.
Peter's face went pale. How was he going explain to Captain America he's Tony Stark's lost fifteen year old son? A hand rested on the teen's shoulder. "C'mon, Pete, let me show you your room."
Peter felt dead on his feet the next day. After he yelled at Tony, he couldn't sleep. He refused to eat until Clint forced him to. And Clint didn't even do it, he had to get Natasha to do it! And Peter is scared of Nat!
He stood back up, climbing the stairs to go to the living room. Maybe he'll do better sleeping on that couch.
"What the fuck? You haven't came out to the Avengers yet?" Ned asked, looking away from his program.
"You're a conceited asshole! You ruin everything! You ruined your life, my life, and anyone's lives you come in contact with!"
Peter, a sudden chill running down his back, pressed himself closer to Clint. He couldn't tell if his Spidey senses detected something bad now or if it was left over anxiety from the nightmare. Clint was basically asleep again, but Peter couldn't take his eyes off of the TV that was displaying his picture.
"You know what, Tony? You're making this all about yourself, when it isn't. All that happened is that Peter came out, a situation where he needs
“Then you’d best take my word for it,” Nick says. Inside, Steve changes the channel from a screechy horror movie to what sounds like a nature documentary. “When I said we needed the best on this, I was talking about you too, you know.”
Tony Stark has just had the floor yanked right out from under his feet, but no one would know it just by looking at him. His countenance screams boredom and maybe slight disappointment, like he’s done nothing more exciting than venture from his gilded Tower and walk down the street to the bodega only to be told that they’ve run out of his favorite flavor of fruit juice.
Tony chuckles sourly. “Trust me, Steve. No one can make me do anything that I don’t want to do.” He rolls his hips pointedly, feeling Steve’s thigh muscles flex and jump beneath him. “I know you want me, Steve.”
“Like Barnes and Wilson are mine?” Tony counters. Steve huffs, but doesn’t refute it. “They’re my friends. My
“For a year, you were in charge of the security of the free world. SHIELD had access to all sorts of backroom dealings, background on corrupted officials, information on the kind of things Congress was getting up to out of the public’s eye.”
“So, it’s settled then,” Tony decides. “Division of labor. I’ll deal with Rogers. You deal with Pepper-”
Tony subsequently suffers some kind of… of psychotic break. There’s no other explanation for the crying. And once he starts, he can’t seem to stop. He’s kneeling on the bathroom floor, kneecaps twinging, soapy water seeping into his black lounge pants, shirt damp. The tiniest and cutest puppy he’s ever seen is nosing imploringly at his hand. Tony uses the hand holding the towel to blow his nose, making it disgusting and full of snot, getting dog hair all over his face. He pats the puppy with his other hand.
Tony pivots slowly on his heel, looking around. He identifies most of the trees as being either coniferous or deciduous, plus a few flowering shrubs. The evening summer air smells earthy and woodsy, overlaid with the rich scent of pine needles.
“I do.” Steve’s frosty tone is at direct odds to the way the arm around Tony’s waist pulls him closer, fingers digging into Tony’s hip convulsively, hard enough to leave bruises even through his clothing. “I want to bend you over this chair and make you take my cock. I want to drag you into my bedroom and fuck you through the mattress. I want to have you against the wall until you can’t walk without limping.”
“But that’s my specialty.” Tony’s voice is muffled, his face buried in Rhodey’s shoulder. Rhodey smells of aftershave and clothes detergent. Neither of them mentions the growing wet spot there. “I signed up for Moment-Ruining in MIT – top of the class. Seriously, though. Take care of my fortune, Rhodey. And my beach-houses; my private islands; my many, many penthouses; and my assorted mansions. I would have left you my company as well, but Pepper has that covered, so if you want it, you’ll going to have to take it up with her. Are you taking notes? You should be taking notes. Oh – I’ve left you Avengers Tower as well – maybe it’s Stark Tower now – unless you’re going to give it to Steve to use as a base. And in that case, I will act outwardly supportive and benevolently understanding but feel inwardly betrayed. And my Iron Man armor – those are yours as well.”
“No! Don’t!” Tony laughs, drawing his knees to his chest. Steve grabs his calf. The super-soldier’s long fingers wrapping entirely around Tony’s leg. “I’ll tell Pepper!” Tony tattles shamelessly. “She’ll knock your teeth out with her Lamborghinis.”
It’s at this low, low point that Tony realize, much to his own mortified outrage (and Pepper and Rhodey’s endless amusement) that he can now distinguish between Jack Pines and Red Pines and other disparate tree types. It’s come to that.
Tony finds Steve in the living room, sitting in the white Wing Lounge Chair. Gerald is curled up in his lap and happily being patted.
“You do have the tendency to unhealthily fixate on your past, that’s true,” Tony agrees serenely. “I don’t feel any different, being the object of your unhealthy fixation.”
They clasp arms, gripping tightly. Neither men have ever been big on physical contact, but this time, instead of pulling away after the handshake, Tony stumbles forward as if shoved, and Rhodey catches him, just like he did when he first met Tony, all of fifteen-years-old, puking his guts out in the bathroom of their shared dorm; just like when he caught Tony in the deserts of Afghanistan; just like he has always caught Tony.
Tony locks Gerald back inside, turns around and immediately comes face to face with none other than Steve Goddamn Rogers.
He tears down the garage and rebuilds it as a workshop. He revamps the cabin’s exterior and interior walls and then goes a little crazy with the dozen cans of Dulux Blue Babe. He’s an impulsive shopper. So, his furniture rather resembles a mix-and-match dollhouse owned by a color-blind toddler.
With visible effort and undisguised reluctance, Steve removes his mouth from Tony’s neck and pulls his hand out of Tony’s pants. Tony almost whines at the loss. Steve still keeps Tony’s wrists in his grip though, probably to stop Tony from legging it. The thought does occur to Tony briefly. It’s possible he didn’t quite think this through.
Pepper doesn’t cry, even though Tony half-expects her to. She’s done all her crying during the past few weeks, screaming and ranting and searching desperately for a way out, a third option, a miracle solution. Then she cried some more when she found out Tony had transferred all his company shares to her and appointed her CEO, accusing him of giving up.
“Ugh. Platypus. Sourpatch. You know I’m allergic to emotional disclosures. They give me hives, rashes that itch, nasal congestions, a pain in my-”
“So fickle.” Tony looks mulishly at the grey rainclouds, which as if in response to his words, clear to reveal cheerfully bright blue skies. “I guess it’s true what they say – Nature is a woman.”
Camera flashes blind his eyes as the press starts firing questions at him. But he can’t hear whatever it is they’re bellowing through the dull roaring in his ears, only see their mouths working mutely, their microphones being thrust forward aggressively.
In just four words, Steve kills Tony’s erection entirely. Tony was at least hoping that they’d go a few days before he’d have to address this. But no such luck. Trust Steve Rogers to ruin all of his plans.
As much as Gerald loves autumn and summer, he turns out not to be a fan of snow. The puppy gets into the habit of slinking out of his Iron Man themed dog-bed (“It’s funny!” Tony insists to Rhodey, when he just sighs and shakes his head.) and into Tony’s own, the puppy curling up against his chest, shivering and whimpering pitifully until he caves and lets him stay there. Eventually, even Tony gets sick of the wintry temperatures, of shivering under the blankets all night, his face and limbs numb from the frosty weather, and their sleeping arrangement migrates to a blanket fort thrown together in front of the Stark-modified electric heater, cranking it up until Tony’s breath no longer fogs up in front of his face and he can feel all his parts again.
The rough twine is tied in a basic square knot, courtesy of Steve Rogers’ boy-scout days. Tony’s hands don’t shake or fumble. Clint’s handwriting on the topmost envelope draws his eyes like a giant flashing neon sign. Below that there’s the unique texture of parchment and Thor’s large looping calligraphy, written with strong-smelling ink and using what seems to be an old-fashioned quill tip. Peter’s narrow and slanted penmanship beneath that.
Steve looks around at the wooden walls, painted an insipid baby-blue; at the inharmonious IKEA furniture: glass tables, carved rosewood chairs, leather couches. The collection is completed by the fancy white lounge chair Steve is still sitting in, appearing completely at odds with the rest of the room’s décor. There are framed pictures hanging on the walls: Pepper and Rhodey and Happy, with a marked absence of any member of the Avengers or Tony himself.
White light filled the room. Iron Man bolted upright. Another clap of thunder had him scrambling back against the headboard.
"That doesn't matter. What's done is done," Peter looked away from the man he considered a second father.
"No, no, god, no. Everyone's just fine. Stevie has a few cuts, but that's it. You can see them in the morning. But you need some rest first." Tony ruffled Peter's hair. Venom might have healed Peter's wounds, but the mental exhaustion brought on by torture was still there. "I'll be right here if you need anything, okay Petey?"
Clint frowned, "just cause he doesn't have skin doesn't make him any less human. It's all about what's up here, right?" He tapped his own temple with his index finger.
"Wanda turned SHIELD against us. When I met with Fury it sounded like he was still on our side." Tony reported.
There was a long moment of silence as the two men simply stared at each other. Peter's eyes were red from crying. Tony's heart ached. It was all Tony's fault, and he knew it. Every single awful thing that had happened in the last five years was because Tony wasn't careful. Wasn't paying enough attention. Wasn't fast enough.
That was when something inside Tony snapped. Something deep, deep inside him. The safety of the Avengers? What about his safety? Of course, his safety didn't matter. No wonder they hadn't come for him. Did they know he was here? Were they letting him suffer on purpose? To teach him a lesson about
"MJ. My girlfriend," Peter said. "If this Venom thing doesn't blow over soon, she'll probably come up here and try to help."
Steve dropped his forehead against Tony's, causing him to flinch. "Damnit. I made you cry..." He wiped away the tears with his thumb.
"No! You're not a killer! You didn't kill your Aunt and Uncle. You were just in the wrong place at the wrong time. You don't have any blood on your hands and I won't allow you to get any!" Tony shot back. "Wanda's messing with your head. This isn't you. You need to fight whatever she's telling you to do!"
"What's done is done," Natasha shoved her plate towards the center of the table. She was somehow able to eat half her dinner before she completely lost her appetite. "What we need to do now is focus on helping Tony recover. Sam..." She gave the army counselor a pointed look.
"I can't. I have stuff to do back in Queens." Peter grabbed his mask, but Tony's grip on it didn't let up, and Peter found himself playing tug of war.
"That's it, bucko. You're grounded," Tony grumbled as Spider-man thrashed in his arms. Tony tightened his grip although he was no match for Peter's super strength. Peter broke free only to realize that there was nowhere for him to web onto. Spider-man let out a panicked scream as he plummeted to the unforgiving concrete far below. "That's not what I meant!!" Iron Man dived down, arms outstretched. Right before he could grab Peter, the Vulture swooped in and snatched him up by the legs.
Before Tony could retort, FRIDAY spoke from the intercoms overhead. "Mr. Stark, you have a call from Happy."
Henry huddled in the piece of the air duct on the floor. He pulled his legs close to his body, not making a single sound.
"People. Pigeons. Dogs. People. Mostly people." Peter shrugged. He switched the camera on, "you can look at them."
Tony lowered his faceplate and asked FRIDAY to show him the suit's security footage from last night. "This suit hasn't left the Quinjet until now."
"Correct. I'm sure staying indoors for days on end isn't helping your condition." Natasha and Peter stepped into the elevator and were silent the entire ride down to the lobby. Natasha didn't start talking again until they were several blocks from the tower. "How are you feeling?"
"Jump!" Natasha yelled, plunging into the waterfall without hesitation. Thor followed close behind. The fall wouldn't kill them, but it definitely wouldn't be pleasant either. Steve made eye contact with Clint, asking a silent question.
Steve shook his head, "I'm fine." Iron Man scanned him again. His teammate didn't have any serious injuries, but Tony was still worried. Steve took Iron Man's hands in his own, "I'm fine. Really."
"How did he get so far from Queens? And where are Bruce and Wanda?" Tony stood, his armor squeaking. "I don't like this. Not one bit."
"Spidey! Jesus Christ, I thought you had died! Again!" She threw her arms around her friend. "Fucking jerk."
“What happened?” Steve went back to pacing around the workshop. Tony moved his head just enough to follow the soldier’s movement. “What happened is that you almost died. It made us realize how stupid we were being.”
"This sounds like Avengers business," Steve said. "If human experimentation is going on, then we need to shut it down. Bruce found out about this last night?"
"If I ever get out of here, you're going to be the first thing I make," he added 'concussion beams' to the list of abilities he planned on giving the bot. "The Avengers want a robot. Here's their damn robot..."
After another ten minutes of fighting, the bots had been completely taken care of. The Avengers only had a split second to catch their breaths before an explosion rocked the foundation.
Peter took off his mask and tossed it aside. "FRIDAY, turn on the coffee maker. This is going to be a long night."
"I would be surprised," Steve countered. He put on the autopilot and spun the chair around to face his team. "Who here genuinely cares about Peter? Who would willingly give their life to keep him safe?" Everyone raised their hands. "And who would willingly do the same for anyone on this team?" Steve continued. Everyone kept their hands in the air. "And is anyone opposed to being interrogated by SHIELD?" All the hands lowered.
"Don't know. Where do you want to go, kiddo?" Tony asked, not taking his eyes off the road. "How about the zoo?"
"Wait. I know this place...Steve, land the jet!" Tony was currently leaning against the pilot's chair. He shook Steve's shoulder, urging him to do as he said. They had been following the semi's route for a while and were almost caught up with it. A very familiar abandon gas station popped up on the horizon.
Spidey nodded, "I do. But Fury is watching me too closely. Luckily, I was able to find someone who can help. If all goes well we should be out of here by noon." He straightened up suddenly, "spider-sense...I gotta go! I'll be back, I promise!" He darted out the door before anyone could speak. A minute later Bruce poked his head into the room. He looked around silently and left.
"I got this, I think they need your help with the Hulk!" Peter called, launching himself into the air on a web line.
"How about we watch something actually good for a change?" Clint spoke up. "This is supposed to be a learning experience for Cap."
It was then that the rest of the team burst into the room, guns blazing. "What the hell is going on in here?!" Natasha demanded.
"Tough luck. I'm not going anywhere without Tony," Peter scribbled in the corner of the worksheet as he spoke.
"Stop flailing! I'm trying to help you!" Steve snapped. Tony let himself go limp. Steve's powerful legs kicked under them, gently pushing the two men across the river. Tony was still coughing when Steve and another pair of hands dragged him onto the sandy bank. Someone slapped his back, causing Tony to cough up the remaining water in his lungs. He doubled over in the sand, his entire chest aching as he gulped down fresh oxygen.
"It's all that Stark had on file," Bruce said, tucking his hands into his coat pockets. "I deleted all digital records of it. What you're holding is the last copy that document. Don't lose it."
Iron Man's head jerked up at the sound of Steve's voice. The soldier was dressed in his uniform, shield slung across his forearm.
I would love to write him wearing the Infinity War armor, so hopefully, Marvel drops the trailer soon and I can get a better look at it.
"Thank you for being honest with me," Steve whispered. Tony nodded, keeping his eyes downcast. "Is there anything I can do for you, sweetheart?"
Peter thought, looking up at the dim light coming from the exit to the vent. If he made all the right turns, then the lab should be right below him. He just needed to get some extra web fluid, and then he could leave the tower for good.
A deep growl rumbled in Harry's throat. He didn't let go of the gun, eyes boring into Peter's. "I'm sorry. I so, so sorry, Harry." Peter whispered. "Do what you have to do."
"You attacked my family. Just to get to me?" Spider-man growled. "That's already 'overdoing' things."
Tony used his robotic eye to track Steve's heat signature. His silhouette was highlighted red against the blue. Tony didn't usually use his eye to see people's signatures. It was too much information conflicting with his human eye. But right now he felt compelled to track Steve's signature. Once Steve was too far away for Tony to see, he proceeded to slip off his helmet. He took in a deep breath of fresh air and let his head fall back against the crate. Dumm-E rolled over to him, whirring softly. "I'm okay, buddy," he brushed his hand over the bot's claw. "Leg's just acting up." He ran his finger along his thigh, tracing the spot where metal met flesh, just a few inches below his hip. The garage was cold. Cold and metal didn't mix well. Tony increased the heat inside his suit. Having to sleep on the hard seats of the Quinjet probably wasn't helping his situation. But he didn't have a bed at the compound.
"You're a mess," Bucky huffed. "Go shower. You smell. I'm gonna go see if anyone else wants to go drinking with us."
"Never. Ever. Call me that. Ever again." Happy spoke through gritted teeth. Of course, Happy cared about Peter. But did he like him? Not particularly. Especially whenever the kid opened his mouth. Happy carried a roll of duct tape with him, just in case he ever needed to shut Peter's mouth with something. Thankfully, that was yet to happen.
Harry kept talking, "a lot of people think they were kicked off the team because they were emotionally unstable. My dad thinks that the Avengers are at fault and that they should have tried harder to help their teammates."
Thanks to the combined efforts of the Avengers and the local fire department, the blaze was quickly pulled back under control, and the crumbling buildings stabilized. The Avengers stayed on the scene all afternoon, helping out where they could. Hundreds had been injured, and it was unclear how many lives had been lost.
"Okay. So we just need to figure out who stole it and get it back?" Peter frowned, "shouldn't be too difficult. Why did you want me back at the Compound so badly? No one's actually put together this 'venom' thing, right?"
"He was helping pass out water, last I saw him." Steve shrugged. No words had been shared between the Avengers and the web slinger. He did his job, just like the rest of them. No one questioned it aloud.
"Can you...maybe stick around a bit? I can't...I don't think I can sleep after that..." Tony looked away, embarrassed by showing too much emotion around Cap.
"Any vial from the second row should work," FRIDAY reported. "Use the entire contents of whichever vial you choose."
Tony stepped out of his suit in order to appear as less of a threat. "Spidey, calm down. You were gassed by the Green Goblin. It messed with your head, but we got rid of it."
"I don't approve of this," Tony said over the phone. Steve could hear him pacing on the other end. Fury had told the Avengers to stay put and await their next orders. It had only been two weeks since they got Peter back, and tensions were still high. Tony had been making everyone participate in daily training, wanting them to be more than ready for their next meeting with their former teammates. Other than the snowball fight last week, Peter had been confined to the training hall. Rarely leaving unless he had to eat or sleep. Or if Tony needed him to test out the many upgrades he had been doing to Spider-man's suit.
"You're lying," Natasha moved closer to Peter. She had been furious when she heard someone had sewn his mouth shut. Whoever did that to her little spider was going to pay with their life.
"Are you sure about this?" Rhodey said from the doorway. Pepper was at his side, looking worried. "Pepper and I think he should spend a few more days recovering before he goes home."
"Right, right. Robot invasion. Right," Clint mumbled, stabbing an arrow through a crudely made robot. Hundreds of them had swarmed the city. They were made of scrap metal, and weren't put together all that well. Easy to take down, and more of an annoyance than anything. It was the larger, more humanoid bots everyone was worried about. They could still be easily destroyed, but the weapons they carried on themselves were concerning. A few civilians had already been shot by the time the Avengers arrived on the scene, but thankfully there were no fatalities.
Instead of answering, Steve took hold of Peter's arm and walked a bit faster. Peter's spider-sense spiked the moment Steve touched him. The arachnid stuck himself firmly to the ground, refusing to budge even when Steve tightened his grip almost painfully. "Don't make this difficult, Peter."
That left two pets unaccounted for. Natasha's lizard, and Peter's spider. To be honest, no one was really sure if Natasha even had a Lizard. She kept it in a massive cage filled with plants and never took the lizard out of her room. For all Tony knew, she could be keeping a giant snake in there. Friday had assured him that the Lizard was only about six inches long. Tony was not convinced. Why keep a tiny lizard in such a big cage? Why did she even have a lizard in the first place? He supposed it was better than Natasha having a pet black widow, so he kept his mouth shut.
Peter was put under house arrest after his last incident. Or really, under lab arrest. No matter what Bruce and Tony did, Peter's spider sense fluctuated between perfectly normal and convinced everyone wanted to slit his throat. Thankfully, he hadn't outright attacked anyone again. He got fussy and threatened to lash out whenever someone got too close, but he never laid a finger on anyone. Peter rubbed his upper arm, sore from the multiple injections he had received in the past week.
"You had one job, Clint. ONE JOB. What about you, Goldilocks?!" Tony jabbed Thor in the chest. "You are literally a god. And you couldn't stop a child from waltzing out the front door?"
Steve scowled. "Fine." He grabbed Iron Man by the upper arm and drug him back to the couch. "Stay." He threw him down none too gently. "That's an order from your commander."
"I'm sorry, I should've been paying closer attention to my surroundings," Steve pulled Iron Man closer, their foreheads almost touching. "Thank you. For rescuing me."
Tony gave him a sad look. "I understand. I'll start looking into it later. For now, you need to sleep."
"Whatever, Doctor Octopus." The communicator in Spider-man's ear crackled. Someone had switched it on remotely.
"Shut up, Cap." Tony hissed. Iron Man, War Machine, and Captain America made their way across one of the many labs at Oscorp. Tony stopped every now and then to scan anything that remotely looked like a liquid, or to flip through a stack of papers.
"Robots can't feel pain, Steve. And I just can't take it anymore." Tony paused, giving Steve a look he couldn't quite read. "Besides, the team needs a better bot."
Steve held the robot close to his chest, tucking the cold metal head under his chin. "Shhh...Help is on the way." Iron Man was completely still in his arms, but he continued to repeat the same word over and over. Steve didn't know how to comfort the bot. His first instinct was to rub his back, but he knew the robot wouldn't be able to feel it. Instead, Steve continued cradling the broken robot in his arms. He shifted the hand holding Iron Man's head so that it was now covering the bots eyes, as if to shield him from the world. "I need you to power down. It'll stop hurting if you power down." Something warm was seeping through Steve's sleeve. Something warm and wet. He ignored it.
Surprisingly, Fury didn't protest. "Take it. Least I can do to make up for my men trying to kill you. But first, I need to have my own engineers look it over, so that I can have solid proof of your innocence to sent to the council."
"You should've told us about this from the start, Bruce." Steve's glare didn't phase Bruce in the slightest.
"That's Henry. He's curious about who you are." Peter explained, seeming to appear out of nowhere behind Tony. He was still in his costume, sans the mask. Tony looked back at him in surprise and was met with the same angry look as before.
"What? No! He's just a friend! I'm not gay! At least, I don't think I am. I dunno," Peter rambled, "boys are cool but so are girls, ya know?"
"I know so. It'll work out. I wouldn't have invited you to join if it wouldn't." Spidey smiled at his friend. Deadpool pushed up his own mask and smiled back.
"Now who's being bossy?" Rhodey chuckled but did as his friend asked. "Can you move at all?" His scans hadn't shown any damage to Tony's spine, but that didn't keep him from worrying.
Steve corrected himself. Not a bot. Never was. Steve leaned his head back against the mattress. He tried to think of all the times when the truth had stared him right in the face, but he had chosen to ignore it. The first thing that came to mind was the "water in the helmet" incident. Son of a bitch had gotten drunk. That much was obvious now. Clint claimed Iron Man had sneezed once. They had all laughed that off as Clint having a wild imagination. The more Steve thought about it, the more instances he remembered in which Iron Man had acted just a little
"So, no one saw him?" Tony sighed. Steve was in the pilot's chair but hadn't started the engines yet. He turned the chair around to face his team.
"Are you okay, Peter?" Michelle looked back at her boyfriend, but he was gone. "Peter?" She looked at Ned for help, but he just shrugged.
"You didn't," Steve approached him slowly. "Hey, look at me." Iron Man refused. "Anthony..." Steve tilted the bot's head up. "It's okay. Well, it's not okay. Hurting yourself is not okay. But everything's good now, right? You're feeling better?"
"Tony!" Bucky darted over and embraced his dearest friend. For a minute, he just held the other tightly in his arms, face smooshed in his dark hair. "I thought I lost you..." His right hand moved upwards to hold the back of Tony's head. Bucky was unable to keep his shoulders from shaking, much less keep himself from sobbing. "Thank god you're alright."
"I had to help Clint with his hair. He's a mess. And so are you, Rogers. Stay where you are, I'm going to fix your hair next." Natasha then said to Peter, "breath, little spider."
"I hope this isn't you trying to initiate a heart to heart because I'm definitely not the person for that," Tony held up his hands.
"What was that about?" Clint frowned. The only light in the hotel room came from the lamp on the bedside table. Everyone, even Vision, was looking at Peter with concern.
"It's all good," Peter called back right before he lost his footing, giving the suit the leverage it needed to knock the wall crawler off for good. Spider-man tumbled across a ledge, skidding to a halt right before he fell off the side. From there he scrambled up the cliff face. He could hear the rest of the team hurrying up the mountain. Spidey needed to keep Iron Man distracted until they arrived.
"You guys weren't the only prisoners. There were about ten other actual criminals with super powers. I let them out." Peter answered. "Fury will have his hands full for awhile."
"Which is?" Bucky trudged through the uneven terrain. He thought he saw Natasha out of the corner of his eye, her hair fluttering in the breeze, but it turned out to be just a patch of embers.
"Peter will attack if I do. Toomes is flying too far up, I don't want to risk anything." Tony shuddered, recalling just how close Peter had been to splattering on the pavement minutes earlier.
Steve jumped at the sound of Iron Man's voice. He looked over his shoulder to see the robot leaning in the doorway, arms crossed over his chest. How long had he been there?
"Rude," Tony was too exhausted to think of a better comeback. He and Clint weren't exactly the best of friends. They tried to get along. Hell, Tony tried to get along with all of them. But whatever he was doing clearly wasn't working.
The younger man turned to look at Tony. That's when he noticed the bright blue pants and all too familiar red boots. Even in the dim light, the colors stood out like a star in the New York sky.
When the rest of the team arrived, they found Iron Man and Pepper fighting the attackers back to back. By that point, the third wave had arrived.
Thank you all for leaving such supportive and helpful feedback on my author's note! I feel more confident moving forward with this project now. One of the main concerns people had with chapters 10 and 11(other than the surprise hydra plot)was the pacing and behavior of the characters. So that was my main focus when I started rewriting. I think this chapter turned out pretty good, I'm actually really proud of it! This chapter was focussed on Tony, but the next one is going to be entirely from the Avengers' perspectives.
"Everything good with you two? You were gone an awfully long time," Bucky raised an eyebrow. Steve had a haunted look in his eyes, and Iron Man was keeping his distance. Fuck. Did he find out? Rhodey was having similar thoughts and swallowed hard. He believed Steve had the right to know, but finding out on accident probably wasn't in his best interest.
Iron Man crashed through the roof of the warehouse, the concrete floor crumbling under his feet. He held both repulsors up, multiple smaller guns and lasers unfolding from his arms and shoulders.
"I...love him too," Steve kept his eyes glued on the water. In all honesty, he had been slightly worried that the Avengers wouldn't be able to find him. Being confined by vibranium chains had terrified him. The shield, the one thing that could break them, just out of reach. But then Iron Man crashed through the ceiling and all doubt was instantly destroyed. Of course, Iron Man would come for him. He didn't know why he had ever doubted his teammate in the first place. He clearly remembered the warm feeling that had spread across his chest when Iron Man carried him off into the sky. Steve had felt safe in his arms. Loved, even.
"Yeah, we noticed..." Clint shot an arrow at the wall crawler. It exploded next to his head. Spider-man yelped and let go of Iron Man. He flipped backward and landed in a crouch, angrily hissing at Clint. "Hissing? Seriously, Bug Boy?"
"I'm not your son," Peter snapped, his head jerking up in Tony's direction. His lenses narrowed in an almost threatening way. "You know nothing about me and it's going to stay that way."
"Steve, I need you to get a sedative. Find something strong enough for Spider-man." Tony said quickly. Venom let out a strangled scream, tossing his head back against Iron Man's chest plate and leaving a dent. Sparks shot out from the armor's arms. "HURRY. I can't hold him much longer!!"
Steve smiled and took a seat next to her, "I'll keep that in mind." She went back to typing on her laptop, and Steve turned his attention to Iron Man. Their flying turned into playing a game of war, which led to Iron Man lying on the ground because Clint's son had "shot" him. His daughter was tugging at Iron Man's head, yelling about how he needed to get up. When he didn't budge, she ran at her brother, declaring she would avenge Iron Man. Steve chuckled as the two kids ran in circles around each other pretending to fire repulsors from their palms. Iron Man eventually sat back up and was instantly swarmed by the curious kids. He sat completely still, cross-legged in the grass as the kids crawled all over him.
"You're dying," She repeated. "You should stay here. Save the last of your energy for when you really need it."
Everything from the whirr of Tony's various machines to the hum of the heating system, to the voices drifting through the hallways. There was always a constant sound at the facility. A constant distraction that made his ears ring. Queens was worse, with its loud traffic, constant yammering from citizens and strange new smells every few feet. Peter loved Queens with all his heart, but sometimes he just couldn't take it. All he could hear up on the cliff was the sound of the wind in the leaves. And the occasional call of a bird.
"We all are, buddy," Steve sighed. He was about to say something else but was cut off by a roar echoing throughout the building. "Hulk..." He gulped. "Change of plans, Tony get your armor ready."
Captain America poked his head out the door. No sign of the dragon. He didn't make it more than a few feet before the beast made its presence known. Its large, crocodile like head slithered out from around the corner. It dropped open its jaw, threatening to burn Steve where he stood. Steve raised his shield protectively in front of him.
"Okay, okay, you need to...uh, how 'bout you just sit down for a second?" Steve pushed Iron Man onto the couch before he could fall over. The robot had just appeared in the living room, stumbling around and babbling to himself. Clint and Bucky were the only other ones in the room and gathered around the couch with worried expressions.
The rogue agent dropped the ramp and motioned everyone on board. Steve's face lit up when he saw his shield in one of the seats. Falcon's flight suit, Black Widow's stingers, and Clint's bow and arrows were also on the jet. The only thing missing was a pair of Iron Man suits.
"He shouldn't be allowed to play," Clint said a bit later. "He knows too much." That was his argument against Iron Man every game night. The Avengers were currently on the floor, surrounding the coffee table. There was a bowl of popcorn of either end of the table and a stack of games on the couch behind Natasha.
For once, Iron Man didn't give a snarky comeback. Steve slipped an arm under his shoulders and lifted him into a sitting position. Iron Man let out a strangled cry as if the movement caused him pain. Steve stilled. "Are you okay?"
The next time Tony awoke, his eye had been put back. He should be happy but he wasn't. Tony felt...violated. His eye was just as important to him as his arc reactor. Sure, he could live without the eye, but that wasn't the point. His eye appeared to be working normally. It felt gross, though. People had
"Any luck?" Tony asked, nearly running into her when he rounded a corner. She shook her head and shouldered past him.
"You looked like Tony Stark," Steve said after a long silence. "Whenever I dream about you as a human, you always look like him."
"You just don't want to do it yourself," Peter huffed as he pulled out a cutting board. "You and your sensitive eyes."
"Oh, hey, Pete, didn't see you there." Tony rolled onto the floor. He hit the ground with the thud and made no move to get back up.
"So I check for a fever? You sound like you're having trouble breathing," Steve tried to remove the helmet himself, but Iron Man grabbed his hands and pushed them down.
"His biological family rejected him. Did you know that?" Pepper went on. "He was never good enough for them. He worked his ass off trying to be good enough for you people." She gave Steve a sharp look. "You don't deserve him."
Three months. Christmas was just around the corner. As time dragged on they started to lose hope of ever finding their beloved cyborg.
"Nice of you to stop by, Mr. Parker." Osborn looked up, a small smile on his lips. "Please, sit." He motioned to the set of chairs in front of his desk. Peter did so without hesitation. "I trust you are settling into your new job. I've heard nothing but good things from your supervisors."
"Staying down isn't part of my programming," Iron Man said. Steve approached his teammate slowly, shield raised and ready to fight. Iron Man put his hand out, silently telling the Captain to stay back.
"Okay!" Peter's spirits were lifted at the mere thought of ice cream. He switched off his phone and hurried over to his family. Tony smiled brightly at his son and slung an arm around his shoulders.
"I know what depression looks like. Believe me, I know," Steve whispered, his eyes went out of focus for a brief moment as he got lost in a memory. He shook himself out of it. "Depression makes you lose interest in the things you used to enjoy doing. Like listening to music, for example..."
"He could be working for someone else. Last time I checked, Stark wasn't a cyborg," Sam pointed out. "And he was very much deceased."
"Okay, okay, but what about him?" Sam jerked his thumb at a shorter man dancing with a group of friends.
Above them, Iron Man was shining a flood light from his gauntlet. "Let. Him. Go." His voice roared over the rain. The suit he wore was completely different from the one he had just half an hour ago. He raised his other gauntlet, ready to fire a repulsor.
"Can this wait, Doctor Banner? Young Peter's life may be at stake," Vision remained floating at the exit, motioning behind him with one hand.
Bucky jumped the person, wrapping his arms around their torso, immobilizing their arms. "Who are you? How did you get in here? SHIT!!" The two suddenly became airborne. Energy not unlike Iron Man's repulsors blasted out of the intruder's feet, sending them crashing into the ceiling. Bucky kept a firm hold on the intruder, barely flinching when he was rammed into the ceiling a second time. The intruder threw his weight to the side, spinning them around so quickly that Bucky lost his grip and was flung across the room. He crashed into a workbench, which collapsed under his weight.
"I'm going to strangle you!" Tony's voice pulled Bucky from his thoughts. Iron Man had his hands on Clint's collar, violently shaking the poor archer. When did he show up?
"You said you lost your only pictures of them. Managed to find that one in some of May's old stuff," Tony explained, scratching the back of his head. "Oof! Easy, kiddo!" Tony chuckled. Peter had suddenly flung himself into Tony's arms, hugging him tightly.
"Stark tried to remove your organic webbing," Bruce explained. "hopefully he didn't damage your spinners too badly...I did what I could to fix them."
Steve smiled at his friend, before grabbing the remote off the coffee table. "What do you want to watch?"
"After everything that's happened? Not possible," Wanda said. Peter jumped her from behind, twisting his legs around her neck and throwing his weight to the side, effectively slamming her head into the ground. He flipped off of her and scrambled back a few feet. Blood dripped from Wanda's now broken nose. Peter clenched his jaw, not liking the twisted satisfaction he got from seeing someone bleed. Even if that person was Scarlet Witch.
"Watch out!" Falcon's warning came a bit too late. Clint was already jumping to the next rooftop when an explosion took out one of the walls. The building crumbled and Clint fell down with it. The archer let out a horrified scream as he plummeted. He didn't have time to fire a grappling arrow. There wasn't much to grab onto anyone.
Tony looked down at the small child, warmth suddenly spreading across his chest when his eyes met hers. Steve looped an arm around his husband’s shoulders, admiring the baby with a warm smile. The soldier whispered, "what's her name?"
"I am. Thank you, Mr. Osborn." Peter nodded slowly. The man before him had personally called Peter about the job opportunity and had even interviewed Peter himself. He had only been working for Osborn for two months, but the man seemed to have a special interest in him already. Often coming down to the lab to see what Peter was working on. Norman was obviously trying to be nothing but friendly, yet Peter found him to be slightly creepy. He wasn't sure if it was the disturbing way his face crinkled when he smiled or the fact that his spider sense pricked ever so slightly when Osborn entered the room.
"Hold him down!" Tony snarled, his hands firmly plastered over Peter's mouth, trying to silence his screams. Tears flooded down Peter's cheeks.
"No. But that doesn't stop her from picking fights with anything and everything that breaths. She's fought all of the Avengers. Even Vision. They go easy on her, but she fights with all she has," Peter chuckled, "you shoulda seen the look on Tony's face when she punched him in the jaw. Priceless!"
The ground shook as the three deer ran after the Avengers. Bruce skidded to a halt and threw out his arms when the ground suddenly ended. The water continued down the rocky cliff side. The forest stretched on for miles in all directions, with the river snaking through the center of it. They could just barely make out a hazy range of mountains in the distance. A bright red radio tower towered above the trees several miles away. Tony looked back. The beasts were closing in. There were more of them now. At least five. Two more were running at them from either side of the river.
"You...MURDERER!!" Spider-man grabbed the barrel and yanked back, crashing the gun into her face. He heard the satisfying crack of a broken nose and Wanda shrieking. Spider-man took the gun and ran. He had to put this right. He had to save those still trapped by the fire. He had to help the Avengers.
"It was never here." Steve helped Tony to his feet and guided him back to his bedroom. He tucked Tony into bed and turned to leave, Tony grabbed his arm.
"Okay, okay. Fair enough," Clint held up one hand. "Must be pretty smart if he made this," he poked the spider logo on Peter's chest.
"Not yet. She said she'd try again after she got some coffee in her." Steve stood and held a hand out to Iron Man, who gladly accepted the help up.
Peter fumbled around with the keys, terrified that he would wreck Tony's car. The car was probably worth more than his entire life. Finally, Peter got the car turned on and started rolling across the parking lot. It was a bumpy start, to say the least. Peter kept slamming on the breaks too hard or putting too much pressure on the gas. Once he almost hit a light pole. Almost.
"I'm the parent here and I will speak however I want. You on the other hand," Tony took a step towards him, "need to shut it. Before I shut it for you."
"I got your six, Cap!" Iron Man called over the comms. Steve didn't bother looking up. He didn't need to. He could hear the roar of the robot's rocket boots overhead. A repulsor blast, followed by a small explosion and several cries of pain. Steve did look back at that, although he wasn't too surprised to see the truck that had been tailing him blown to bits.
Tony looked back to see Peter standing directly behind him, holding his chemistry textbook and a notebook. Tony blinked. This had to be another hallucination.
Tony was about to ask for alcohol, but Steve spoke first, "we're good, thank you. Our priority is Peter."
"I know what you meant," Peter said. "And I don't know anything about him. May said he was a good person." The team filed into the living room, sitting on the couches while Tony paced nervously.
"I had good faith in you, Man of Iron. I see now that my faith was misplaced," Thor probably didn't mean for his tone to be so sharp, but it still struck Tony like daggers. "Warriors must trust each other to not only have each other's backs but to also know one another's weaknesses. Your weakness is your mortality, and we had every right to know."
"No, no, it won't!" Tony said quickly, "it just makes its host more aggressive. That's it! Let's get you back to the lab."
"MJ, please-" Spider-man was cut off when his body was suddenly engulfed in red light and launched into the school.
There was a long silence before Tony spoke up again. "Steve and I were going to go down to the courthouse tomorrow. Try to get the adoption paperwork. Want to come?" He hadn't originally planned to do that, but he didn't want Peter being by himself. At least, not until the figured out what had happened at Oscorp. It was going to be difficult for Peter to have someone with him at all times. He was a full grown man after all, with his own life outside the tower.
Natasha went to talk to one of the nurses. A bit later she returned, looking grim. "They said his chest and back were ripped to shreds by glass. Broken arm and three broken ribs. Punctured lung. Their best guess is he was in a car accident and went through the windshield. He lost a lot of blood, but he's not in critical condition any more."
Tony's torture fell into a routine. They would take him apart. Stick wires, and cables, and tubs in him. Makes some notes on their clipboards. Remove the foreign objects. Put him back together. Sometimes they took tissue samples. Sometimes they cut him open and poked around inside. Sometimes they felt generous enough to knock him out before doing that. They would torture him for a day, then give him a day to "heal". Whatever they were pumping into him through the IV stuck in his forearm had sped up the healing process. Tony was able to eat on 'healing' days. Able to sleep in an actual bed. At first, they kept his hands and feet bound. Now he was too weak to fight back, so they just dumped him onto the mattress as is. His body may be healed, but the emotional distress had done a number on him.
"The symbiote, I think...I think it convinced Peter that he wouldn't feel any more pain if he let it take over..."
The Avengers had quickly gathered around Fury when they heard Peter's voice. "Can you trace the call?" Natasha asked, the worry clear in her voice.
"Really? Funny." Fury zoomed in on one of the photos. The person had been shot through the gut by a repulsor. There was no other explanation for that type of wound. "Because I beg to differ." He flipped through the images one at a time, each of them bearing injuries caused by repulsors. "Not many people in the world have access to repulsor technology. If I'm not mistaken, there's actually only one. And I'm looking right at him." Fury laid his hands out flat on the table as he glared directly at Iron Man. "You know what else I find funny?" He motioned to the screen behind him. "I find it funny that all these people used to be against Tony Stark. Looking for a bit of vengeance, are we?"
"Oooooor you could just let me go? I won't tell anyone about this, I promise. Just let me go." Peter begged, panic spreading through his body. He did his best to sound cheerful as he continued, "I'm you're buddy, aren't I? Your pal? Your friendly friend? Please don't kill me. That would suck."
"I made my last exoskeleton too thin. I needed a full upgrade," Iron Man said as if it were nothing. "Rather not get my head bashed in again."
"He was here," Steve stopped at the street corner and looked up at the now clear skies. He still held the bolt tightly in his fist.
"Iron Man," Steve warned as he circled around him, checking for any damage. Iron Man moved his head to follow Steve's movements but otherwise remained still.
"Why you're the leader of the Avengers." Deadpool looked over at him. Spider-man was sitting on his haunches, looking at the alley below them.
Tony turned to face him. Sparks shot out of various areas of his badly damaged suit. His helmet was completely gone, a deep gash cutting across his forehead. The chest plate was battered to high hell, with dents in it that had surely broken the fragile bones beneath.
"Let's GO." The agent waved his arm aggressively, before turning on heel and sprinting out the door. The Avengers exchanged looks before following the rogue SHIELD agent.
Iron Man cursed when a ball bounced off the back of his head. "If you are going to play with the bots, please do so on the other side of the room," he hissed. Thor retrieved the ball and hurried away, Dum-E speeding after him.
"Fine, fine," Iron Man flew down a stairwell, heading for where his sensors told him the control room was.
"Easy," Tony chuckled. He was sitting in a chair off to the side, his feet propped up on the unused desk. "You've been out for about six hours. How are you feeling?"
Peter didn't hear him. He had felt lightheaded the entire trip home, but now it was starting to become a problem. Tucking a box of cereal under his arm, Peter exited the room, hoping he was just hungry.
"What the hell is that?!" Bucky's mouth dropped open at the sight of the other Iron Man. The two bots slammed into each other head first, hands clawing at one another's arc reactors.
"What?! Really?!" Peter leaned against the front seats, way too close to Happy for the older man's liking.
Steve was not a happy camper. Clint had somehow gotten pictures of him and Iron Man cuddling on the couch in the robot's workshop. Not good. He wasn't sure how much the team knew about him and Iron Man before, but now they knew everything. All because Clint put those pictures in the group chat. Thanks, Clint.
"I understand what you're saying, Octavius. But we can't attack their facility again. We won't have the element of surprise if we do that." Adrian said. Several people around him nodded and whispered their agreement.
"Don't you get it, Peter?" Bruce spoke again, "you can't trust these people. They've done nothing but hurt you."
"Why pretend to be a robot?" Steve leaned against the window sill, glaring at whatever lay beyond the glass.
"What about Natasha's lizard? She got it just because it looks cool," Spidey continued to defend his pet. Tony abruptly stood up, ready to argue like his life depended on it, but Peter was already rushing out the door.
"Let me," Steve took the reactor and guided the wires into the housing. He was just as panicked as Bucky was, yet his hands were much steadier. He wasn't quite sure what he was doing. He must have done something right, because he heard a soft click, and the reactor brightened. He could feel the device humming in his palm. Bucky let out a heavy sigh of relief. Steve pushed the reactor all the way in and twisted until it clicked.
"Alright. As always, it's been an honor working with you, Spidey," Ned's mic clicked off. Peter hummed, used to hearing Ned say that to him at the end of every patrol he was involved in.
"I'm in, I'm in, what do I-" Pepper cut herself off with a blood-curdling scream. Her attackers had gotten inside the workshop.
. Every inch of his body. Inside and out. Peter shivered. His body hadn't felt like his own for a long time, but now it felt even less so.
"If that's what it takes to prove my loyalty to this team, then SHIELD can ask all the questions they want," Sam spoke up. Murmmers of agreement rippled through the quinjet.
"Want to talk about it?" Iron Man asked, referring to the nightmare Steve had just had. This one had been pretty bad, resulting in Steve having a panic attack as soon as he woke up. Jarvis had alerted Tony of the situation, and Iron Man came as quickly as he could. Now Steve sat in Iron Man's lap, with the bots arms wrapped protectively around him.
"You're such a child." Tony frowned, not taking his eyes off of the screen. Steve just chuckled and kept moving various objects around. For someone as technologically obsessed as Tony, he sure did have a lot of papers and pencils rolling around his desk. "Please don't mess with those. I need to make digital copies."
Tony led them into the building, keeping one hand on Peter's shoulder. Everyone was waiting for them in the kitchen. Tony introduced him to everyone and Peter found it increasingly difficult to play dumb with each 'new' face he met.
"You're safe here. You know that right?" Natasha was sitting a good few feet away from the wall crawler.
"Nah. He's a natural ball of anger and hate. Like how you're naturally sassy and annoying. Is that why you named him Henry? Because it rhymes with angry?" Clint looked over his shoulder at Peter, who was now dressed and sitting on his bed.
"Excuse you, we're both dads. That's kinda the whole point of two men being in a relationship." Tony muttered, leaning against the counter.
"Yes, please do!" Tony pried Peter off of him, although he kept an arm around his shoulders as they made their way to the kitchen.
"Stay out of this, Vulture!" Tony's voice was still strong, but on the inside, he was losing his cool. "I didn't do that to you, Spidey. And you know it."
"You'll find out soon enough, my dear spider," the man said evenly, one of the tentacles shooting out to grab Spider-man. The vigilante leaped over the tentacle and lunged for the intruder. The rest of the Avengers weren't far behind.
"Agreed." Natasha tore up her jacket, using it along with a piece of scrap metal to make a makeshift splint for the archer. "I think I hear water." She pointed in said direction, "water sources usually equal people."
"SHIELD is on its way to take us out. Any means necessary. Fury won't explain why. He says he'll give us a ten-minute head start if we want to save our skins. Now we have nine minutes. Grab your suit and a toothbrush and let's go! Natasha already started up the Quinjet." With that Tony hung up.
"The one and only. Jarvis, can you get the lights? Thanks." Steve shielded his eyes from the sudden bright light. Iron Man was sitting on the edge of his bed, hands still clasped on Steve's shoulders. Iron Man spoke again, "Jarvis said you were in distress. Are you alright?"
Spider-man pushed his mask up over his nose, showing Wade his own scars. "You and I aren't so different."
"Really?" Bruce snorted. "I never thought you would stoop so low. So, what? You kill one person and now you can't get enough blood?"
“Hey, Tones, Sam and I are heading out to lunch. Thinking about going to the park afterward,” Bucky loudly announced, “you coming or not?”
"They said they were going to level Queens," Peter whispered. "They told me. Right before Wanda wiped my memories. They didn't say when. Just that they were going to make it look like the Avengers did it. Like what they did in Chicago. But on a bigger scale."
"Tony isn't really involved in Stark Industries anymore. I can help you get a meeting with Pepper, she's the real CEO," Peter offered.
"I did. He still claims it was Doctor Banner and not him. Maximoff told us Iron Man lashed out after she and Banner freed Peter. Burned down the training complex in the process. Our lie detector must be faulty because it one hundred percent believes Stark is telling the truth."
Peter looked like he wanted to rip Steve's head off. "STOP. ATTACKING. ME." He flung the shield back at Steve, hitting him in the gut.
"Had to take a business call." Rhodey leaned over and tapped a knuckle on the bowl, "eat. She'll be upset if you reject her cooking."
"Do they know now? About me?" Tony whispered. Everything hurt. He vaguely remembered getting his ass handed to him by another bot. And being held by Steve. Kind Steve. It was nice. Being held by the man he loved. It probably wouldn't happen ever again. Not if Steve had found out the truth.
"Thor, we've been over this, Henry doesn't understand English..." Clint trailed off, his eyes going wide ad he watched the tarantula push the butter dish over to Thor. He then scurried back to where he had left his watermelon.
"We're leaving. I'll explain later, but we need to go. Right now. It's not safe here. Not anymore." Steve brushed the back of his hand over Peter's cheek, making him flinch.
The scientist who spoke continued, "technopathy has always been a thing of fiction. Yet here you are. A cyborg capable or controlling a suit of armor with your mind. Your flesh has bound with machinery, nerves connected to wires, circuits fused with tissue. Something that shouldn't be possible. And again, here you are. Imagine the medical applications of all this. Amazing. Truly amazing." they made a swooping motion over Tony, who was strapped to the operating table, clad in nothing but white shorts. "I want to look into how the shoulder muscle is connected to the artificial one," they said to one of the other scientists. Tony sucked in a deep breath, preparing himself for the pain that was about to come with raw muscle being exposed.
"Whoa, whoa, whoa!" Clint jumped in between the two, arms held above his head. "You're dying?! What's going on?! Tony, dude, what the fuck, man?!"
Peter reached up and pried the symbiote off his face, gasping for air when the goo was torn from his mouth. "Gross!" He spat, bits of black mixed with crimson hitting the floor. The symbiote let out a pained screech, the tendrils hovered behind Peter's head, coming together to form a grotesque face. The face continued to writhe and scream as Peter ripped the symbiote from every square inch of his body. Both hands took hold of the white spider on his chest. "Get...OFF!" He tore the end of the black costume to pieces, revealing the classic red beneath.
Osborn snarled. "Stark, you have one hour left. Bring me the venom. Or else." He fired the gun again, it grazed Peter's shoulder.
"Okay." Iron Man sighed. "You gonna be alright?" He rubbed circles into Steve's back. "Do you want me to stay the rest of the night? In case you have another nightmare?"
Steve choked down his rising panic and forced himself to go limp. The ocean was quickly coming up to meet him. Repulsors shot out of Iron Man's back, pushing him ever faster. The distance between them was closing, but Iron Man still wasn't going fast enough.
"No, you were yelling about how much of a tragedy I am!" Tony slammed a fist on the table, which resulted in his coffee falling over.
Slowly, Steve got to his feet and moved along the wall, making his way to one of the skeletons. It must have once been a knight, considering the bits of armor that still clung to the corpse. In a way, its helmet reminded Steve of Iron Man, with its thin eye slits and well-defined frown.
Without warning, Peter launched himself at Tony, tackling the scientist and ripping the helmet off. Everything happened in a blur, Spider-man was punching the shit out of Stark. He punched the arc reactor on the suit and ripped it out. Tony gasped as the suit powered down, trapping him in several hundred pounds worth of metal.
"Tony...Tony..." He pawed at the other man's pant leg. "Avenge me...ugh..." His head lolled to the side, tongue flopping out of his mouth.
Bucky came back a bit later. "He broke up with you...didn't he?" Tony hid his face in his knees. Bucky took a deep breath. "I kinda expected that but...damn."
"H-Henry? What's going on? Where are we?" Peter sat up, the tarantula still attached to the side of his neck. The last thing he remembered was walking to the kitchen. But this was
Steve was the one who noticed how emotionally exhausted Peter had become, so he decided to sneak him out of the compound. "He needs time to be a kid, Tony." He said.
"I don't care," Steve snatched his hands away as if he had been burned. "If you really loved me you would've told me the truth at the start."
"You're awful slow on the uptake, Barnes," the man muttered. Bucky narrowed his eyes at him, studying his face. He uncurled his metal fist, revealing the repulsor in the palm. Bucky took that as a threat and lunged. He punched him square in the chest, knocking him flat on the back. The repulsor fired on accident, singeing the tips of Bucky's hair. Bucky was on top of the intruder now, trying to restrain his hands above his head.
"You guys go on ahead." Bruce put a hand on the wall crawler's shoulder. "I need to run some quick tests on Pete. Make sure the antidote is doing its job."
"Yes, you would. You make a big deal out of everything. And I'm moving in with MJ," Peter announced. Michelle and Ned had both visited the compound, but Michelle had been swinging by a lot more often. Her and Natasha were just as dangerous of a pair as Peter and Clint.
Tony focussed on his breathing but was failing miserably. Without his armor, he was the shortest man in the room. The upset Avengers were all towering over him, and for a split second Tony thought they might actually kill him. "I-I can explain-"
"Alright, let's get going." Tony climbed back on. "Just hang on Steve. You better be alive when I get there. Otherwise, I'm going to bring you back to life just to kick your ass."
Ultron would take care of the Avengers. Take their place and become the true savior of the human race. And it would all start with the death of Steve Rogers.
The super soldier turned his attention to the injured man at his feet. "Tony! How bad is it?!" Steve grabbed his shoulder. The cyborg curled up in a tight ball, his hands still pressed against his chest. The color had drained from his face. His eyes stared blankly ahead, unaware of Steve leaning over him. A repulsor shot past Steve's head, missing his ear by mere inches. He hooked his hands under Tony's arms and drug him into the kitchen, taking shelter behind the breakfast bar.
"I trusted you!" Tony shouted. He spun in a circle, fists slightly raised and shoulders hunched, acting like a wild animal defending itself. "I trusted all of you! That's why I let you see my goddamn face! Because of fucking trust! I trusted you all and this is what I get in return?! A team that's willing to feed me to the fucking wolves, and spread lies about me to protect their own skins?!" Tony knew in his heart that it was his fault for getting captured. He had run off on his own. And yet...he couldn't help but feel betrayed. If someone else on the team where to get captured, everyone would have dropped what they were doing and conducted a full-fledged rescue mission. So where the hell were they when Tony was being tortured? Where was Steve when Tony was having his eye ripped from his skull? Or all those nights, when Tony lay awake, shivering in the cold and whimpering in pain?
"Your heart is hanging out of your chest! Stay here!" Steve snapped before running back into the fray. Ultron knew Tony was hiding in the kitchen and sent a few of the suits his way. Steve held them at bay as best he could. One managed to get past him and hop over the bar. Steve followed suit, slamming his shield into the back of its neck. He must have severed something important because the armor collapsed into pieces. He let out a heavy breath and turned to where he had left Tony, expecting him to have listened to Steve's orders.
Tony slammed his hands on the table, the sound making Pepper jump. He glared at her for a minute before taking a deep breath and hanging his head. "How much longer, though? My heart is all wrong. All messed up. So is my brain," Tony tapped his temple. "The PTSD isn't going to go away. It's all messed up. I'm all messed up, Pep. How could Steve ever love someone like me?"
"Are you going to be okay, little spider?" Natasha spoke softly. Peter shrugged. "Do you want to talk about it?"
Tony Stark. Not Iron Man. Not some bot with a copy of your brain. We need you." Steve decided to take a chance and put his hand on Tony's cheek. Surprisingly, Tony didn't pull away. "You mean so much to all of us. If you died...if you died, then..." Steve shook his head. "That would be the worst thing to ever happen to this team. And I...I don't want to live in a world that you don't exist in, Tony. Please, don't do this."
"We should go look for help," Thor suggested. He held out his hand, "to me, Mjölnir!" Several seconds passed, but the hammer didn't fly into his hand. In fact, there was no sign of the Asgardian weapon. "Mjölnir!" Thor called again. Nothing.
Harry shrugged, "well, every news outlet has a different story, and I've been trying to figure it out for awhile, and you seem like the person to ask. You did live with them for awhile."
Tony stepped forward. "Peter, we really need you to come back to the compound with us. That thing, we need to get it off you before-"
"No. You need to stay here with your bot," Bucky flicked his forehead, earning a glare from the captain. "Hulk, Thor and War Machine are our heavy hitters, so obviously they need to stay here in case SHIELD shows up. And if that happens then you'll need to be here to talk sense into people."
Peter rolled his eyes under his mask. He appreciated everyone's concern, but everyone starting their conversation with some form of "I'm glad you're alive" was starting to get on his nerves. "It's going," Peter answered his question. "How are you? I don't believe we've met."
I had a devil of a time trying to focus on the Avengers in the last chapter. Certain things were left unaddressed, so I decided to explain them through flashbacks. Plus I just wanted to write more identity porn.
"You attacked first, bug boy." Tony shot him in the back with a repulsor. Thankfully Spidey's suit had been designed by Stark and absorbed most of the blast, but it still stung like hell.
"Harry Osborn, sir. I'm a friend of your son's. We're making a drone, and Peter sent me in here to get a screwdriver," Harry said quickly, eyes blown wide with fear. "Please don't shoot me, Mr. Stark, that would really ruin my day-"
"I did. And? I was trying to find a cure for my own green problems. I was unsuccessful, as you can clearly see." Bruce motioned to himself, his voice calm.
"Who...who are you?" Peter whispered, his lenses wide. With his only memory that of being tortured, fear gripped at his heart.
"So, what's all this about?" Steve asked when Tony burst through the door, Peter not far behind. The team had wasted no time in gathering in the conference room.
Rhodey let out a long sigh, "I don't feel like arguing with you on this, Tones. Have it your way. Just know that you deserve to be loved."
"I know, Tony. I know. You did the right thing. It's me who should be apologizing. I failed you." He planted a kiss on his forehead, "You don't have to be a robot for me to love you. I told you I'd love you no matter what you are, and I meant it."
Steve carefully stepped over the broken glass that littered the robot's workshop. He held his shield up, fearing the worst. He had come down to the workshop to talk to Iron Man about upgrading said shield. What he found made his blood run cold. The room was a complete disaster. It looked like a tornado had plowed through. Dumm-E hid in the corner, not making a sound. Someone must have broken in. Which was highly unlikely, considering no one knew this place existed other than him and Pepper. But something had clearly happened. Someone broke in. And that someone might have attacked Iron Man.
"Speed up," Steve called over his shoulder. Tony had been joining him on his morning jogs lately, even though he did more complaining and lying in the grass than actually jogging.
"I'm not here to take over the world," Iron Man groaned. There had been a lot of shots taken at him tonight, and Tony was getting tired of it. Yes, he was a bot. Shut up already. Tony smiled when an idea popped into his head. A very bad idea. He snapped his head in Clint's direction. Iron Man growled, "yet," while he turned the eyes of his helmet red. It was a new feature and he wasn't 100% sure it would work, but apparently, it did, judging by Clint's reaction.
Peter smiled back, face turning bright red. He hid his head in his hands. "Oh my God, I can't believe I did that."
Clint was curled into Bucky's chest, fingers tapping gently against his metal arm. Clint was... panicking to put it extremely lightly. He forgot how stressful it was to be a parent.
"If Bucky wouldn't 'do this to you,' why don't you just go fuck him like I always thought you would!"
That asshole. That fucking asshole. He slung his backpack over his shoulder and hit the button on the elevator multiple times. He wiped a few tears from his eyes.
Bucky smiled, wrapping an arm around his waist. "Boyfriend, actually. Nice to meet you, Laura. See you on the floor."
"Stark!" Clint snapped, stomping after Tony. Tony ignored him and kept walking down to the lab. "Stark! Hold the hell up!"
Peter flopped onto the white couch, kicking up his feet on the coffee table. "I could get used to this."
Steve shifted uncomfortably, all the homophobic and biphobic comments hes heard in the 40's an modern day alive slid in and out of his head. "Really?"
Ned had to hold MJ back as Peter kept walking, wiping tears off his face as he stared at the ground.
"Hey, it's okay, Peter. We're all scared of something." Bruce smiled softly. "And if you're embarrassed by your panic attack, don't be. Both I and your dad also get them."
"Do you want me to call you an Uber or something to get home? I'll sit out here with you while we wait."
Two hours later, Clint was on Laura's doorstep, letting his daughter go back to her mom and handing his ex a document.
. And Tony thought Steve looked broken after their first fight. Tony's heart was beating miles a minute. "Can we talk?"
"Well, it's nice to meet you, Parker Peter." Cooper playfully winked, making Peter almost choke on air itself.
Even years later, when Peter and Cooper were married with a child, Peter would bring up the promise his father made to him in his teen. He’d say, "Thank you for keeping our family together."
Peter grinned. He looked over at his dad, standing next to him. He lifted his hand to touch his father's face.
Peter bowed his head. "That's why he won't? Please don't tell him, Nat! If I'm not out there saving people, no one will be!"
Peter accidentally lost Cooper multiple times, considering his height and Peter's anti height, but they eventually made it to homeroom.
MJ looked pissed, considering she really hates Peter's dad, and Ned looked worried, considering he really loved Peter's dad.
That morning, Steve was freaking out. Tony wasn't in his lab, so Steve had no clue where he could be. Tasha had to literally grab him by the shoulders and explain that Tony had went to sleep in the living room couch, which let Steve take a deep breath.
"It's okay, kid." Tony patted his back gently. He tried to force out a smile which Peter returned. "What's your name?"
"Slightly. No offense Ned, but it's somewhat better now that I'm actually living with someone who's in my family."
Peter was struggling to keep his eyes open. He felt blood gurgling at the back of his throat every time he breathed. His chin was touching his chest and he couldn't even find the energy to bring it up. He heard  Mandy leave ages ago, so he thinks he's safe.
Tony brought Peter into a hug. A sudden clunking came from above as a blonde fell from the ceiling. Clint groaned loudly as he held his back.
"I-I'm Peter Parker. I need to speak to Mr. Stark." Peter awkwardly smiled, clearly trying to calm himself down. Steve almost smiled at his nerves, but he was a bit suspicious how the kid even got up to the top floor without a card. "I-I can call the guy who needs me to speak with Mr. Stark if that helps!"
Peter exited the bathroom, towel thrown over his shoulders. The blonde man smiled. "Sorry about scaring you. Again."
Peter, in short, was terrified that the guy who has pointed an arrow at his head fell from the fucking sky.
"You wouldn't talk to me and I don't like being ignored," the taller girl smirked, hopping over the bench. "So, whatcha thinking 'bout?"
Bucky rolled his eyes and he scooped the cookies off the metal pan. Clint, who has a super sense for food, swooped into the kitchen and tried to steal a cookie, but Bucky slapped his hand away. "Good Lord, you're almost as annoying as Sam."
in his support system with him, alright? He didn't even willfully come out, he was outed by a god damn gossip show! And you're acting like you're being personally victimized. News flash, Tony, your life isn't all about you. It's about your son now too."
Peter flipped on the TV, switching it to the switch. Ned flopped onto the couch next to MJ. Cooper strategically sat next to Peter. He tossed everyone a controller.
Steve sighed, rubbing the space between his eyes. "Trapping a 16 year old in a room with a grown man. That sounds like a tabloid line waiting to be written."
She swiped through his closet, before spotting bright red at peeking out of the ceiling panel at the top of his closet. She pushed it open, a bright red onesie falling out. Nat almost snorted. Was that- yes it is.
He let his head fall into his hands, refusing to let himself cry. Steve tore down too many of emotional roadblocks. He refused to hurt Peter anymore by being to god damn emotional. As he sat in the cold, empty living room, he started building up every single wall back up because Stark men are made of iron. Stark men don't cry.
Steve's sketch book laid in his lap, page opened to Steve's unfinished Tony drawings. He kept starting new little doodles as new memories came to mind. There was drawings of Tony smiling, Tony laughing, Tony focused, Tony angry, pretty much every single emotion Steve has ever seen out of the other man. A few different drawings of the more negative emotions were smeared with his tears as he remembered the worse memories. He wanted to press his face into Tony's brunette hair as they swayed clumsily to Elvis. Tony would chuckle as he stepped on his feet while apologizing, making up for the minor pain with a peck to the lips.
Peter was having a blast until Bruce made his way into the kitchen and told Peter, "Hey, Peter? Tony wants to speak with you in the lab."
one more time, I might shoot myself. Oh, or little Nate. He's 4 and cries if he isn't holding his Bruce Banner stuffed animal."
He also hates sitting at the police station. He could feel the looks from witnesses and officers alike. Tony's hand was shaking terribly, even when Steve was holding it. The only other Avengers at the station were Clint and Bucky with Cooper.
He struggled opening his phone with his shaky hands before starting a group Face Call (thank you, StarkPhones). Ned picked up, already working at his computer, MJ picked up mid-workout, and Cooper's camera was about three inches from his face while he was searching for his glasses, contacts too hard to put in at the moment.
Peter dropped the comb and ruffled his hair back into his eyes. He didn't need to have a depressed episode on the first day with his dad. He took a deep breath and plastered on his fake smile. Great.
"Hey, Petey." Peter opened his mouth to speak when Tony stopped him. "Don't try to speak, your vocal chords are healing, buddy. You should be fine."
Bruce winced. "Okay, Tony. You know the breathing exercises, right? Four in, hold seven, out eight. Here, follow along."
"December 2002, I'm guessing? You met my mom, Mary Parker, at a Christmas party you threw. Y-You told her she was the most beautiful girl in the world. You took her to your bed and threw her out the next morning. Nine months later she had me. She never told you about me because she though you wouldn't have cared." Peter paused to take a breath in. He then realized the tears rolling down his cheeks. "The o-only reason I'm here is because you're all I have left. I-I have no one else other than my two friends. If you want me to leave, I understand, sir. B-But I have all the information to prove you're my father."
, if you were wondering), Steve's email was already pulled up. He knows he shouldn't snoop, or even care, but... can you blame him? Yes? Okay, fair.
Tony couldn't sleep that night, though. He's been having trouble sleeping ever since Steve cheated on him. Tony shifted on the couch, pulling the blanket tighter over him. He rubbed his eyes roughly, pushing himself back up. He dragged the blanket behind him, keeping the sheet around his shoulders. He opened the glass door of his lab to see Steve curled up in two blankets. The man huffed.
Steve walked into the gym. He looked surprised when he saw Bucky, Nat, and Clint all sitting in a circle.
"Okay, well, dinner's ready, so get ready, Coop!" Lila said, grinning as she left. "Put some clothes on, you two!"
Peter's mind started closing in on itself. It felt like his throat was closing in. He coughed hard, trying to get oxygen in. He gripped onto the couch.
Cooper started getting nightmares, which were stressing him out and giving Clint second hand stress. Bucky is trying to help to the best of his ability, but Clint is nervous about everything.
The poison in his body was moving so, so slowly. He could feel every bit of pain spreading slowly through his body. He could hear his heartbeat, and it was going way too slow.
Tony actually laughed for the first time in weeks. "If you're comfortable, you can call me Dad, Pete."
"Peter, stop thinking. I can hear those gears a-grinding in that head of yours. Now, when you're ready, we'll go in."
"It's okay, Peter. I know you've been having a rough time recently- holy shit, what happened?" Tony rushed forward, examining the bruise closer. Peter swallowed hard.
What did Aunt May always tell him to do when he panicked? Fuck... Aunt May. Aunt May. She's dead. It's all Peter's fault. He should have been faster. Why wasn't he faster?
Peter knew he had a black eye. He could feel it aching and slowly start to swell. When he refused to drink the water, Mandy slammed her fist into his eye. There was a cut at the corner of his eye because of her ring. Since it hasn't closed up yet, he's beginning to think that his super-healing was being slowed by either the drugs or the little food.
Peter was curled up in the corner of the couch while Tony was busy grabbing all the games in the tower. Peter wanted to help, but Tony refused to let him help at all.
"Y-Yeah! Yeah. Come sit, Tony." Steve scooted over, pulling away the blanket from the seat next to him. Tony sat on the vision, facing towards the blonde.
"He's doing it again," Ned whispered loudly to MJ. Peter flushed, focusing back in on the conversation.
Bucky sighed, sitting down in front of the blonde. Half of his long, brunette hair was tied back into a bun to keep it from his eyes.
Then, suddenly a whole new family dropped from the sky. His (at first, reluctant) father was Tony Stark and his aunts and uncles were the avengers.
"I-It's okay, Mr. Barton!" Would it be a good time to ask him to wear clothes while he sleeps? Before Peter said anything to embarrass himself, Clint locked himself in the bathroom.
Peter ended up realizing all attempts of comforting his dad would end up futile at this point. He sat with his dad until he cried himself to sleep.
Ever since Steve cheated on him, he'd buried himself in so many layers of emotional unavailability, he wasn't sure he could dig himself back out for the... how old was he? 14? 15? 17? This is why Tony doesn't deserve a son. If anything, Steve should have been the one with the child, maybe even Sam or Rhodey or Bruce. But Tony? He didn't deserve anything in his current state or life. His breathing started to become erratic. "Fuck."
(Tony can almost imagine Bruce lecturing him about the dangers of tetanus, but thinking of Bruce leads to thoughts of the Hulk and the Illuminati and Tony’s eyes start to itch, so he stops that train of thought hastily.)
“You tried to kill me!” Tony screams at Steve. “Civilians had to stop you from lopping my head off with your shield! You had me defenseless and powerless and you beat me halfway to death with your bare hands! You would have killed me!”
The sun beats down on them. The silence gets heavier and more awkward the longer it stretches on. Tony’s skin itches as a mosquito perches itself greedily on his arm. He swats the insect automatically, leaving a bloody smear behind. The lower branches of a nearby pine tree quiver as a tiny grey bird with a bright red beak alights on it, pecking hopefully at the needle-shaped leaves. A finch, Tony thinks they’re called. His foot feels soggy from puppy slobber. His palms are clammy. He hears Gerald bark from inside, scratching against the front door.
“None,” Steve answers, and Tony gives him a sharp look. “I’m not lying. The Avengers knew I was planning to track you down. And some of our old friends wanted to hear from you.”
Not because he needs to. Pepper’s monthly deposit into his account (Tony has told her to stop, but she still does it) is enough for him to live comfortably in his little patch of deserted woodland without working a day for the rest of his life.
He is close to yelling now. At one point he has gotten to his feet, dislodging the puppy in his lap. Gerald slinks away with his tail drooped, leaving the slobbery carrot at Tony’s feet.
“If I told you we could get you a pardon, would you want to come back?” Steve asks, out of left field.
Tony doesn’t miss the irony of their situation. Not even a year ago, Steve was assassinated on his way to a trial he never made it to. Now, it’s Tony who’s just had his sentence read to him, who’s being vilified and disparaged by the public, whose crimes have been weighted and judged.
The people of the world are angry and frightened. They are thirsting for someone to blame and howling for blood. They are disillusioned and disenchanted by the SHRA, the Mighty Avengers, the 50-State Initiative – the elaborate and over-embellished window dressing put forth to camouflage the crumbling and ramshackle structure that is the world’s sorry excuse for global security.
Pepper’s fingers leave his hair, skimming down the side of his face, the shell of his ears, his forehead and brows. Tony’s hands fall to Pepper’s hips, wandering up to rest against the soft bare skin of her stomach and waist. Pepper kisses the corners of his eyes, where he knows lines are deepening into the beginnings of crow’s feet. Her fingertips skim over the bridge of his nose, his cheekbones, one fingernail catching on his lower lip.
The puppy barks joyfully, plainly not comprehending a word, tongue lolling out of his panting mouth.
Tony gives Steve a sweet smile, pecks Pepper on the mouth, then minces over to coo over the mud-spattered Gerald with dark glee.
Steve’s lips are unresponsive beneath Tony’s. But when Tony starts to pull away, Steve unfreezes like someone hit the ‘play’ button on a video, muscles flexing as he bodily hauls Tony to straddle his lap. Steve squeezes Tony’s ass, grinding their hips together. Tony gasps out of surprise more than anything else, and Steve takes the opportunity to claim his lips again, plundering Tony’s mouth, one hand gripping Tony’s hair to tilt his head however Steve likes it.
like were the asshole boss, the secrets he kept that ended up hurting people, the helplessness he felt outside of his armor.
There was once a time when Tony knew every facet of Steve’s expression like the pages of his favorite book. He knew the way Steve smiled when he was happy, the almost languid cast of his facial muscles when he was relaxed or content, how his brows knotted in worry, the tightness around his eyes when he was stressed or tired, his clenched jaw when he was angry or frustrated, the way his blue eyes darkened or lightened depending on the changes of his mood.
It’s not like Steve at all. Steve Rogers is quick to anger and slow to forgive and forget. Tony would have put money on him leading the charge to see Tony properly punished for criminal negligence, instead, Rogers does
In the privacy of his bedroom that night, while Rhodey is in the shower and Pepper is brushing her teeth, he eyeballs the stack of envelopes sitting on his bedside like it’s a poisonous viper coiled and ready to strike. He’s abruptly stricken by the simultaneous, antithetical urges to burn the lot of it; and stick them under his pillow for safekeeping, like a child hoarding a secret, treasured possession.
“But you want to,” Tony observes, a wily cadence to his tone. “I’d recognize that pissed-off self-righteous look of yours anywhere. Well, go on. Don’t hold back on my account. But sit down first. I don’t want to stare up your nose while you do it. It’s not your best angle.”
come to those who wait after all, Rhodey!” He goes into Game Show Host mode. “Congratulations, sweetheart! For putting up with me for more than a decade,
Steve presses the sole of his shoe on the gravelly front yard and pushes, making the swing sway harder. The squeaky joints (Tony keeps reminding himself to oil them and he keeps forgetting) are rhythmic and lulling. Tony’s almost dozing off to the rocking back-and-forth motion of the swing, arms folded behind his neck, when Steve starts rummaging inside the pockets of his camo jacket and pulls out a bundle of envelopes tied together with twine.
“It’s so nice to know that I can always rely on you,” Tony says sarcastically. “You live with her, Rhodey. It’s illogical for me to call twice when you can just wait for Pepper to get off work and tell her then. Besides, I’m tactless. Gauche. Without tact. There’s a very definite statistical history proving that Pepper takes bad news even worse when it’s coming from
“Your happiness is appreciated,” Tony says graciously. “But unnecessary. I’m not dating Pepper or Rhodey. And as far as I can deduce, neither of them are interested in dating each other.”
? Or was it just convenient for you to let me go about my business in ignorance? How did that work out for you? You didn’t trust me and I stopped trusting you and now look where we both ended up! We tore the superhero community apart because you couldn’t find the fucking time to tell me what the hell you were planning!”
“When I came out of the ice,” Steve begins huskily. “I had nothing. No home. No friends. No family. No community. I didn’t belong anywhere. But I had you.” Tony feels a lump rising in his throat. “You gave me a home. You gave me the Avengers. You… you made me feel like I could belong.” Steve’s voice turns raspy, his eyes are red. “You were the best and worst parts of the future, and fighting against you…” He stops for a moment to collect himself. “I wanted to know if there was anything, anything at all that could be salvaged from this, from us.”
Pepper thrusts a large grey backpack into his arms. “Fake ID, birth certificate, driver’s license, school records, medical and life insurances, three thousand in Canadian dollars, a Stark phone and laptop… There’s a pink folder in there containing information about your new bank account. A change of clothes. Razors. Toothbrushes. Hair dye.”
In the end, the bad seemed to outweigh the good. Then Rhodey came with his suspicions and his subtle disapproval, and Tony started second-guessing his decision. After all, Rhodey knew him the longest and the best out of everyone, and if he thought there was something more to it –
ically!) knowing what’s coming but still rooted to the spot, watching and waiting for the tsunamic wave to swallow him whole.
No one on the entire planet will ever forget what they were doing when Captain America, strong and righteous and good, epitome of honor and personification of justice, strikes down the mastermind behind the Secret Invasion.
Steve sets Gerald down, where the puppy parks its little butt on the floor and looks between them with great interest in its blue doggy eyes, still working on his stick of carrot. Steve gets to his feet, all six feet two of him, the military grace and tightly-controlled strength of his movements like a magnet to Tony’s eyes. Tony grabs the other man by the arm, pushes him away from the stylish white lounge chair, then takes his place. Tony feels his body sink down into the upholstery, the elastic memory foam contouring around him, and lets out a hazy groan of pleasure. Gerald climbs onto Tony’s lap, gross half-chewed carrot still in his mouth, nosing Tony’s hand until he starts stroking the puppy’s head.
“My entire life,” Tony says, as Pepper pulls away, looking between her and Rhodey. “I’ve doubted everything and everyone – but I’ve never doubted the two of you.”
“Then what was it?” Steve snarls. “Because I wasn’t clever enough, is that it? You didn’t tell me because you didn’t think I’d be
And just when the latest turmoil in Tony Stark’s life only barely starts making sense, Nick Fury shows up on his doorstep with a summons.
“Fine.” Tony shrugs, feigning casual disinterest. “Keep an eye on Gerald. He’s teething. There’s chew toys and frozen carrots in the freezer for his gums. Don’t let him destroy any of the furniture. I’ve fed him already this morning, so don’t give him any snacks no matter how much he begs.”
All the blood in Tony’s body is rushing to his brain. His vision is swimming. The motion of the swing makes him feel sick. The coffee, burritos and blueberry smoothie he had for lunch slosh around in his stomach.
“You told me once.” Tony fiddles with the TV remote just for something to do with his hands. “That being injected with the super soldier serum was the worst pain in your life.”
“Do you have extra mattresses or something?” Tony hears Steve say, when his ears finally stop buzzing. “We can make a camp-bed. Or I can take the couch. I’m not thrilled about sharing a room with Rhodes or Mrs. Potts, if I’m entirely honest.”
“Ouch.” Tony exaggeratedly massages his chest, making a wounded face. “Back to last names? I’m hurt, Steven. You’ve hurt me. I thought we were closer than this.”
“Oh, no,” Steve says, wrapping his other arm around Tony’s waist for good measure. “You’re not running away from this discussion, Tony. Answer the question.”
“The serum will grow them back,” Steve says, but he releases Tony’s leg. The silence between them this time is more congenial and tranquil.
Tony raises a hand and touches his face, his hair, before he can stop himself. After a year, being cleanshaven and his hair a perpetual store-bought blond doesn’t seem outré anymore. He’s acclimatized to his drastically different reflection, though he still mourns his punctiliously trimmed goatee.
There’s a pause. He can tell that Steve is wrong-footed by the non sequitur. “Like needles were being jabbed in every part of my body,” Steve says. “Every cell was being rewritten. As if every bone was being broken and fused into glass. I didn’t know pain like that existed before then.”
. And the last time they spoke, Clint has made it very clear that he considers whatever friendship existed between them over.
“I’m running late for work,” Tony says again. “Employment. A means of earning income when one is no longer a multi-billionaire and owner of a Fortune 500 international company.”
Tony clambers out of the van with legs that threaten to give out under him, a little bit because of nerves, but mostly due to the blood rushing back into his numb extremities. Dugan has parked the van by the side of narrow dirt road bracketed on either side by woodland, a few feet away from a nondescript motorcycle.
The sound of running water from the bathroom cuts off. Rhodey’s words are muffled, but Pepper’s bell-like laughter rings out loud and clear.
Tony seals off the attic and leaves the roof as it is because he can’t bear to kick out the bats living there, no matter if they’re basically a swarm of smelly and noisy menaces. He supposes that technically, the bats were here first.
“I’d do it again,” Tony says with a sad smile. “And you’d do it again too. In the end, nothing would change.”
Few Americans will ever forget where they were when Captain American was shot down at the courthouse steps.
Steve’s lips are soft but peeling. He hasn’t been drinking enough water. Tony keeps his mouth closed. The kiss is almost chaste, really. For some reason, he thought it would feel… different.
“I think I’m going to call you Gerald.” Tony chuckles wetly. “You know, when Rhodey told me he thought I should get a support animal, I don’t think this is what he meant.”
Tony meets his eyes evenly. “I can say that because I know what the alternative is.” He lets a mirthless smile curve his lips. “Did you remember when I told you about Project Wideawake, Steve?”
What can he say? He’s used to paying Pepper to manage every aspect of his life, including the style of interior decoration and choices of paint swatches.
surprise me, Stark? Rogers. I was so sure he’d jump on the chance to get back into the fight. Never thought he was physically capable of turning his back on a righteous cause and burying his head in the metaphorical Canadian sand.”
“No use crying over the leaking coolant system, platypus,” Tony says with forced levity. “What I’m more worried about is if Steve can find me, so can anyone else.”
“I’m going to leave you at a shelter and replace you with a less troublesome model,” Tony says to Gerald, who barks joyously, eyes fixed on the slimy controller in Tony’s hand.
“Aw.” Pepper coos over the puppy, who soaks up the attention. “Taking to you always makes me feel so valued and appreciated, Tony.”
Out of the small tub, the puppy shakes himself violently, spraying water everywhere. Tony looks down at his plain white T-shirt, speckled with dark wet spots, and sighs in exasperation. He pats the puppy down with a warm fluffy towel, being very gentle when he reaches the puppy’s half-bitten right ear.
Tony hears it and flinches, tries to pull away, but Steve wraps his long fingers around both of Tony’s wrists, keeping Tony right where he is. Steve’s other hand slips down the waistband of Tony’s jeans and boxers, mouth still working over Tony’s neck. Tony squirms. He can feel Steve’s hardness against his thigh. The uncomfortable tightness of Tony’s jeans is bordering on the edge of painful. Heat coils in Tony’s lower belly, building up to dizzying heights.
“I’ll have that carved into your tombstone after Pepper’s done with you. I enjoyed knowing you, Stark.”
Tony pulls back after a few moments, surveying his handiwork. Pepper’s breasts heaves, pebbling and glistening wetly. She has her head thrown back, face flushed, green eyes blazing like twin comets, glorious scarlet hair tumbling magnificently down her shoulders.
