Dean choked, but thankfully no one noticed. He decided right there and then that the kitchen counter was actually really fascinating, and really it was a shame he hadn't paid much attention to it before. He was going to fix that problem, pronto.
Really, he's doing a great job. He's driving straight. He has this handled, ya know?
“I didn’t panic.”
“I could go.” Dean starts, and then realizes there’s no way that Kaia could want that. Whatever else Claire and Kaia deal with, Dean knows he’s one of the scarier monsters.
, and it's melting his whole brain.
If the kisses are anything to go by, the sex is going to be mind-blowing. God, Cas is so warm, it’s like his touch burns. Half of Cas’s touches make Dean want to sink right to his knees, while the other half have him flying apart completely.
Fortunately, Dean would never take an unnecessary risk with Sam’s life, so Sam just didn’t let them split up.
Kaia shrugs, “I dunno, I guess it’s weird to think about you dating.” Dean is mildly offended.
Dean keeps a careful inch between himself and Cas when he leans across the table to distribute goodies. He also shamelessly fucks up everyone’s cards — no one is safe. Well, Jack is safe. The kid is bad enough at cards. He doesn’t need Dean messing with him on top of that.
Somewhere higher up, his phone starts buzzing again. Dean’s brain is too muddled. He’s thinking about Sam dying, and Cas leaving, and Sam leaving, and Cas dying. He’s thinking about how all of those have always been his fault.
God. He’s such a girl. He doesn’t need Cas to cuddle him and paint his nails. Sex alone would be good. More than enough.
Dean slides the tape into the deck, lets his fingers linger on the buttons, and smiles to himself. At least this time he knows what to expect.
And it’s hard not to do things when they so obviously make them happy. Ruffling Jack's hair always has him shyly grinning. A quick squeeze to Cas's bicep (and yeah, that hadn't stopped) always makes him smile.
makes
This seems to upset Kaia. Dean is looking at Kaia, who is looking at Donna, who is looking at Jody, who is looking at Claire, who is looking at Dean, so it looks like Dean’s going to have to be the one to talk.
Eileen flips back to her records from the first days after she arrived. Sure enough, notes in a smattering of places point to one Isabelle Clark: beautiful pillar of the community, rich in family money, and single-handedly responsible for funding 3 of the homeless shelters in Tulsa. She also helps fund a few clinics and hosts the annual policeman’s ball.
So, that was weeks ago, and things at the bunker have been normal. Good. Family dinners, hunting stupid shit, saving good people. Cas and Dean have fallen easily into a new normal, which is basically their old normal, but Cas doesn't hide what makes him happy and what makes him unhappy. It’s maybe a bit weird to adjust to this Cas, who is quietly pleased all the time — but for the first time ever, there isn't a great big evil to hunt, God is dead, and they are free. What's not to like? Finally, they have the time to enjoy their freedom. And Castiel and Jack seem to prefer using that freedom to hang around the bunker, watch weird television, and hang out with the Winchester brothers. This makes them happy.
Because Dean isn’t putting in enough effort. They wouldn't be fighting if Dean could make himself act normal. They wouldn’t have broken up if Dean wasn’t so broken. Cas won’t be happy till he’s explored every nook and cranny of humanity, and Dean’s a little dark corner of a greater world who just wants to stay home.
“I talked to Jack.”
Sam opens his mouth to say something to Cas, but they’re all interrupted by a flurry of wings. Jack explodes into the library, already talking a mile a minute.
He’s grabbing plates and ferrying them back into the kitchen when the girls come out of whatever strange food trance overcomes teenagers around breakfast time.
Except caterpillars. Caterpillars are terrifying and evil. No, I will not be accepting questions at this time. (For clarity, no caterpillars are featured in this story. Gross. I feel bad for even mentioning them)
Dean gets off the couch to help her ferry in the groceries and scoop her into a hug.
Castiel made eye contact and Dean's mouth punched out, “Thank you.” Dean himself wasn't sure if was
like that's not the final rune on the Ma’Lak box that Dean should climb in to throw himself to the bottom of the ocean.
Dean’s happy he remembered that Alex has that weird cilantro gene that makes you have bad taste, but apparently using parsley instead hadn’t hurt anything. Patience had even uttered a surprised, “Oh, it’s good,” which had sent a pleased thrill down his spine even as he’d gently mocked her for not having seen that coming.
Cas had left him. Dean had pushed him to leave. If it had been anger, Dean wouldn’t have cared if he stayed. Dean had pulled anger over something. Was it fear?
Okay, so sometimes Dean hears the echo of Sam’s voice spitting, “You’re certainly willing to do the sacrificing, as long as you’re not the one being hurt.” Sam claiming Dean was too weak. Sam begging Dean to be a better man, to help him with Jack. Sam in pain, Sam possessed, Sam suffering.
Sam sticks his head through the door with a shouted, “Hey!” and a wave that grabs both of their attentions before he’s shepherding Eileen through the door and onto the road.
He's not sure why Jack's here, to be honest. He's not sure how Jack could stand to look at him. He's not sure why Jack, powered up as he is, hasn't wiped Dean off the face of the earth.
Cas, of course, doesn’t back down from Dean. Nor does he offer a solution to how the fuck Dean was supposed to respond to one of his worst nightmares brought to life, which is probably a good thing. Dean has punched angels in the face before, and it usually hurts him more than it hurts them.
Jack’s behavior wasn’t what Cas had thought. Not entirely. When Cas asked Jack about his difficulties, why he couldn’t seem to look at Dean, Jack had curled his knees up to his chest to mutter, “He’s so bright.”
“Well, if you want the story,” he starts, like he might under any circumstance ever actually tell them about it, “you can read the book like everyone else.”
Dean slips beneath a tidal wave of regret. Scrambles to grab Baby before he can be washed away. He can’t breathe. He can’t think.
Sam is a catch.
Lunch could be a tense affair. Dean is tied up like a live wire, and he slid the fucking walk man into his pocket after the shower without thinking. He's stuck in a loop of fiddling with it, blushing, looking away, making eye contact with Castiel by mistake, blushing, and — Dean's really getting worried about how he's supposed to do anything today, but then Jack is stunningly delighted both by the Pillow Pet itself and by the fact that Sam has one, too (which is doubly hilarious because Dean
The man warbles and Dean just pauses the tape, rewinds and lets
What is happening?
Dean plays the song again, then once more for good measure. Dean identifies his own feelings in the song, and it’s only as the song changes over that he wonders why Cas would include it. By then, the next song has already started.
“Sure, and I’m a trapeze artist named Marion.” Who the fuck? “Just text whatever you’re thinking about or don’t, dude. This wishy girly shit’s embarrassing. I’m embarrassed for you. You’re already dating.”
What do you say to the person who looked at you and saw something more? How do you tell the person who died for you, a gesture that fervently and desperately made you want to live for the first time in years and years and years, to never ever die for you again?
“So, no case then,” Dean eyes Sam. “Haven’t really had a hunt in a while,” he adds, casually.
Even if what he wants is a unicorn pillow pet.
Sam is regarding Cas with the same intensity he’d afforded the spell book just minutes ago.
“Jerk.” Sam says, as Dean reaches the door. Dean hesitates in the doorway, adopting the biggest shit-eating grin Sam has ever seen.
It’s not the stupidest hill Dean has ever chosen to die on, but it’s probably at least in the top 10 (okay, top 50).
screams out of the headphones. Dean feels it. He can feel it coming.
“Do I need to get my order with extra salt?” Cassie asks, and though it’s a joke, her eyes dart out to the side, so Dean knows she’s a little serious, too.
The embarrassed groan Dean absolutely identifies. Definitely the right angel. Cas has a couple of stories about Zadkiel, actually. He must be one of Cas’s favorites. Dean knows that Cas loves his angel siblings very much, but there are a few he seems more worried about. Zadkiel, Mariel, Indra. Names that Dean can pick out. Saraphiel, Hafra, Hanael. Dean realizes he can actually list off a couple dozen angel’s names, along with random information about them.
No. He lets himself be soft. Just this once. He gives himself this.
. Eileen actually loses track of the conversation for a second because she’s staring at the waitress, who smiles and winks at Eileen’s not at all subtle interest. Eileen winks back.
He walks out of the room, leaving the ripped up paper target and the shattered divider behind him.
Jody stares at him in stunned silence. Blinks once. Then again.
He has no idea what Cas was thinking including this song, and he has no way of knowing. It's almost a relief to not have to pull apart the lyrics.
Eileen and Cas seem capable of conversing one handedly, but Dean’s not sure how, so he puts his coffee mug and fork down regularly during breakfast. He enjoys chatting with Eileen anyway. They’re discussing her ideas about the case — nothing crazy — but Dean finds it weirdly fun to know that they’re having an entire conversation a half step from Sam, Cas, and Jack, and none of them have a clue. That thought quickly turns towards ideas of weird things to do to Sam’s room while Eileen has him away. Dean is figuring he’ll go classic with shaving cream in the pillow, until Eileen suggests covering everything in googly eyes.
Dean walks into the library and stalls out, because Cas is sitting right there. He revises his earlier thought: sex would be awesome.
Dean slowly puts the paper down.
“He doesn’t.” Dean’s too shocked by that to scramble for a response. “At least, he doesn’t in the way I need him to.”
Hell yeah, still got it.
“What about Everest? Like, what if I said I needed you to move Everest an inch to the left?” Cas spares a second to mentally orient and determine which direction Sam means by ‘left.’ Presumably west. He’s unsure if there would be political ramifications of moving it farther into Nepal, then realises he could probably just move it back if need be.
What does that even mean? Cas’s justifiable arrogance? Dean’s? What does that have to do with Blackpink?
Why not further? A Dean that Mary had the chance to raise. A Dean who never learned what goes bump in the night. A Dean without gun-shaped divots in his palms, whose soft hands build and create. A Dean born to a Mary unburdened by a deal made in impossible circumstances, whose son could finally be what she wanted instead of what John needed.
The autopsy reports stated that the bodies had been ripped apart by animals, multiple organs devoured, and the remains left for dead. Obviously, they originally leaned towards werewolf or blackdog, but when Dean managed to get into the coroner’s office, he noticed the blood loss didn’t match the carnage. The bodies were drained then ripped to shreds, which points them to...something. Eileen has no idea.
“No, Jack. You don't have to apologize.” And then, before he can lose his nerve, he bundles the kid into a hug. Maybe it's a bit too violent and a bit too quick, but it's functional. “I'm the one that's sorry.”
“Weighted” is where he lands, like the vests that Jack had discovered for dogs afraid of thunderstorms. A comforting weight, something grounding, real and ubiquitous. No, not grounding per say. Like spreading your wings and finding that the wind contains enough strength to simply lift you. A force of nature heavy enough to keep you airborn. Dean’s love takes weight from Castiel, but instead of banishing the heaviness, wraps it around him like armor.
Like that, it’s settled. Dean has a hunt. He fishes out his phone to shoot Eileen said text, leaving to pack with a “witch me luck!”
Dean thinks it's the fact that he’s so prepared for the worst that it takes him a full second to actually hear what Sam says. In those seconds, Sam works himself into a panic.
Eileen smiles at Dean and signs “Cute,” which has Dean scowling down at the counter.
Eileen signs “both,” then “I’m bisexual.”
Huh. Dean looks at Cas again, but Cas is giving him the look of a man who tried to save you from something, and then you walked right into it anyway. It’s halfway between ‘I told you so’ and ‘you’re on your own, pal.’
, but there’s no music on the rack. There’s no sound but his screaming, his begging, his weakness, his shame.
Eileen likes Dean. She really does. Because she thinks she could love Sam, and no matter what other character flaw Dean may reveal himself to have, Dean loves Sam in a way that Eileen has never known. Casually and completely, like it isn’t a question to him that he could do anything else. Eileen has seen Sam shake himself awake from horrors that she can’t imagine — walking around half in his shell, half in Hell, fully in a place that Eileen can’t fathom how to reach — only to be prodded to life by Dean with nothing more than a well-placed insult or casual comment. Dean doesn’t even seem to try. He knows Sam so completely, so familiarly, that he can reach him wherever he goes. Dean cares so much about Sam that it's second nature to look after him, easy like breathing. Eileen’s not sure how much of what Sam says is exaggerated by hero worship, but there is no denying that Dean half raised him, crafting himself into something between parent and brother. Eileen has no question that Sam owes Dean his life in more ways than one.
Dean remembers realizing that Dad was possessed because Azazel had twisted “I’m proud of you, Dean,” out of a mouth that had never formed the words. He remembers Dad leaving him behind for stealing peanut butter. He remembers being sent away if he was too loud, too ungracious, too insubordinate.
Perhaps, he has failed language. Either way, Cas can not locate the next phrase to say, unclear how to articulate the emotions he’s navigating.
Also, wow, this shakshuka is delicious.
Eileen is wondering if that wasn’t some kind of blind dumb luck, because the man across from her is staring like an idiot.
Alex and Patience follow in short order, and a loud demand for breakfast suddenly echoes around the room. Dean is making shakshuka in a kitchen he’s too large for by the time Jody and Donna show up, and despite it probably making more sense, neither of them displace him to take over cooking.
For a while, the only sounds are those of Dean bustling around the kitchen, heating milk and collecting mugs. Hot chocolate only takes a few minutes to make, even adding fancy spices as Dean does, so he’s handing Patience a mug and squirting whipped cream onto his own in no time.
The foreign song comes on just as he's settling back into bed. His alarm says it's 3:30 in the morning, which means Dean actually got a decent bit of sleep, but he doesn't want to deal with Sammy calling him out for being awake before him 2 days in a row, so he closes his eyes and lets the song play to the end.
Cas, fully powered and able to choose anything in the world, has chosen to date Dean, the moron who got him killed and can’t even say I Love You back without panicking and explaining that he means like a brother. Dean drains the glass.
The second time Schoolin’ Life comes around, he giggles immediately.
For some reason, for some idiotic reason, Cas loves Dean, and Dean can’t even pretend that Cas hasn’t seen him at his worst, that he hasn’t treated Cas terribly. Still,
“Cas,” Dean says, and it's reproachful. “Did you follow Zad following fish to the bottom of the ocean?”
. the singer begins. Dean immediately thinks: ‘please don’t.’
Sam looks at Eileen, the light glinting in her hair as she’s driving comfortably down the road. He’s reminded vividly of a road trip 100 years ago, sitting scrunched in Jess’s tiny VW Bug, driving to Capitola for a weekend at the beach.
A mixtape.
Some instinct warns him. The rawness of the voice, the way the beat stutters forward. It’s a goddamn omen.
Shouldn’t be too hard. It’d be hard for Dean to mess up much more.
There’s no way it’s that bad.
Plus, the way they jump from tone to tone is so unbearably Cas-like, he can't even be mad about it.
“I didn’t exactly take a census at the meeting,” Eileen responds.
At least Dean knows Cas would leave if he wanted to. He always has before. For once, Dean can’t even blame him. Hell, Dean would leave himself if that wouldn’t raise a million questions that he doesn’t even know how to start answering.
, tiny and small. Dean does the only logical thing: he grabs the headphones in a meaty grip and chucks them full force away from him.
Dean sits at the kitchen table regarding his whiskey. He struggles to string together even a couple of coherent thoughts. Castiel is happier. Castiel may think he’s dating Dean. Dean may be dating Castiel.
Dean’s love is like Dean’s love, Cas concludes. There is nothing else like it in all the worlds.
“Woah. Dean,” she says, her voice is casual, like Dean isn’t anything for her to fear. Dean draws in a ragged breath, knows he has to respond, knows he has to say something. Tries to remember how to lower the gun.
he finally places it. Frozen 2. Jack had picked it for movie night ages ago. Before Chuck, before being soulless — before.
“I'm sorry, Castiel. I got excited!”
Dean pulls out all the stops for breakfast. He seems to be in a great mood, which is how Sam knows that something isn't right. Dean’s never in a good mood before 8 AM. Not without 3 cups of coffee or getting laid.
Everything he ever had was used up and burnt out: by the rack, by the mark, by Michael, by the realisation that all of that — ALL of that — had just been a twisted game to fuel Chuck’s drama. Every life he’d ever saved was meaningless because they were all still stuck in the web of Chuck’s warmachine. He was never going to be anything other than a soldier in a losing fight, but he still couldn’t give up on the small chance that he could buy freedom for others with blood, so he had to fight. He had to. He didn’t really have a choice.
Content Warnings at the end.
before he identifies the bend of Jack's back and realizes the kid is slumped over, cheek first, onto the library table.
Dean shrugs, “He might pop in later. And if not, he can come get you for Tuesday night’s game night.”
Cassie sticks out her hand to shake Claire’s, and then Kaia’s, because Cassie never backed down from anything except Dean, and says, “I’m Cassie. Dean and I are old friends.”
“You should tell him how you feel.” At this, Cas smiles. There is such joy in telling Dean that he loves him. While there is joy in having, there is a distinct joy in saying, in naming this unspoken tie that grew between them for years and years.
“Sorry kiddo, I’m just not up to date on the plot twists of Sofia the First, which I’m sure is more your speed,” Dean responds.
Kaia’s face hardens, and Claire bristles, pulling on her spikiest voice. “He, actually.” Like she’s expecting Cassie to suddenly manifest a Bible and faint. Cassie, who’d once yelled at the grocery store clerk who’d implied that the two of them shouldn’t date because it wasn’t natural. Cassie, who is the only person Dean ever told about what Lee really meant to him. Cassie, whose only problem with Dean was that he’d lie and he’d leave, and not any of the other million horrible ugly things that Dean carried in his chest.
Eileen coos gibberish at the pup while Dean stands at her shoulder. She shoots Dean a look of affectionate camaraderie, appreciating his attempt to protect her from the terrifying monster, even if the monster was a fluffy baby. Hearing something, the dog jolts upright and runs back towards the house. Dean signs a hasty apology, mumbling something that Eileen can’t make out as he turns his face away. This catches Eileen’s attention. Dean rarely forgets.
After Cas died and Jack left, Sam had thought he’d been ready for Dean’s grief. He’d seen bouts like it before, after all.
At a yell from the other room, Patience twists to look through the door. “We should probably get back,” she says, though she doesn’t seem excited about it.
Dean, manfully, manages to not make a condom joke here.
Dean frowns. “If you don’t want to hunt, or be involved with hunting, you know you don’t have to be,” he starts, but she waves him off impatiently.
“Try a million, you asshole.” Dean plasters on his biggest, most helpful smile.
That afternoon, Jack had asked about love languages. The ensuing conversation had been disastrously chaotic, with Sam and Dean contradicting each other multiple times, Dean starting jokes that were inappropriate, seeing Jack in front of him, and stopping halfway through. Dean had made fun of it as hippie crap, but he’d also carefully answered all of Jack’s questions (another sign of affection that Cas pointed out to Jack later).
“No. You can’t. You can’t check in on me, and make these fucking tapes, and bring me all this stuff, and you can’t—”
However, with the last two mixtapes, Cas had actually given them to Dean. Like, Cas had physically put them in his hands. Dean had been prepared for them, in so much as one could be prepared for some of the shit that Cas says. He’d at least been wearing clothes. He’d at least had coffee.
“Yeah. Sorry, just zoned out for a second.” Sam signs ‘Sorry’, but he has no idea how to translate ‘zoned out for a second.’ Luckily, Eileen lip reads insanely well. Fortunate, given Sam’s struggles with sign language. The grammar trips him up more than anything — he’s not used to thinking about words like that — but he does get signs wrong, too. He’s never going to live down the time he tried to say “It’s a Japanese spirit” and somehow signed “It’s a vagina ghost” instead.
He tries to speak, and can't.
He’s kneeling.
Dean smothers a laugh into his empty hands, but he does help Sam slide 10 cards into Claire’s coat pocket when she looks the other way.
Cas has been worshipped before, prayed to, feared, respected, liked. He’s been all those things, and he will be many more. But cherished. He’d never been cherished before. Cas’s stomach squirms strangely. Unbidden, he finds his fingers pressed up against his lips again. He remembers Dean’s gentle caress of his face, the slow and soft pressure of his lips. Cas remembers the look in Dean’s eyes when he’d pulled away.
where Dean marvels.
“I know.” And Cas had smiled — happy, content — and Dean couldn't see anything but black and black and black.
felt that way.
- You are all heroes and your comments are our lifeblood. Please never stop.
Sound echoes somewhere, but Dean can’t find it. There’s a way out, if he fights harder. If he’s just better, this will stop. He can stop. He has to be able to stop.
Dean remembers that kiss. Remembers the realization that Cassie had learned what every person eventually does — that Dean, Dean’s life, what Dean
Dean stares down at the walkman. Oh god, are the mixtapes seduction? Is Cas pulling a “it’s been three dates, let’s nooky?”
“Yes.” He agrees to Sam. Sam offers him a small grin, and Cas’s own smile widens. They settle back into their books, still smiling softly when the front door bangs open to reveal Dean and Jack returning from a grocery run. Jack is talking excitedly about a target of some kind, and Dean is muttering something about child leashes. Dean nudges Jack with his shoulder and says, “Come on, kid. Let’s put these groceries away.”
Her hand stops halfway to the ignition. There’s a box on the passenger seat with a note hastily scribbled atop it.
Cas had said. It wasn’t Dean loving him that Cas couldn’t have, because Dean did. It was a version of Dean that could say that, that could look at Cas and not see the million ways Dean had fucked them up. A version who could look at their lives and see a possibility for a life.
Just barely, Cas smirks. The asshole.
“Oh. Yes. Right.” It’s entirely possible that Dean has been kidnapped by a Djinn because Cas actually stumbles when he tries to get out of the door. Cas. Cas, who Dean’s seen kill hordes of demons because they happened to be in his way.
“No. Uh — no. You look great. Comfy.” Goddamnit Dean. “I just meant — you don’t, uh, you don’t have to, if you don’t want to.” Dean casts for something less disastrous to say and somehow lands on, “You should dress for you, y’know? However you want to dress.” Dean catches the edge of Cas’s smile and averts his gaze before he says something stupid, like ‘it’s beautiful how your smile starts in your eyes’.
“You’re here.” Dean says, with quiet surprise.
She helps, is what Sam is saying. She makes Sam want to stand up taller, to be better.
Jody meets Dean with a hug when he pulls Baby up the cabin's driveway. She holds him at arm’s length and says, “I was worried you weren’t going to make it! Did you run into trouble?” and he knows she means trouble like a hunt, or some other reason he might have been delayed leaving the bunker.
Dean rewinds the song. He doesn’t deserve it, but maybe — maybe he can have it anyway.
No. He kept Eileen safe. He hunts, he cooks, he keeps the bunker clean. Eileen likes his food. He still has a use.
“I wouldn’t even know where to begin.” He really wouldn’t. Where does he start describing Cas, let alone his fake marriage?
Dean lets the Chainsmokers song come to an end because he has to. Because there is no other way to interpret this song, and also because he's feeling a weird buzzing in his chest when he tries to examine that too closely.
Dean doesn’t have a response to that.
There are no bones to burn here. Nothing he can kill to make it right. Just Patience, miserable, and Dean, useless.
It’s exactly a week after Cas gives him the first mixtape, and Dean is in the kitchen making pasta for dinner because Cas had shown up this morning with not just tomatoes, but an entire tomato plant, and why not? Dean has to peel the tomato skins off, which is much weirder than you’d suspect, but so far all their experimentation with Cas’s dislike of them has pointed to the skins being the problem.
A smile steals over Sam’s face as he pulls out his phone to respond to Max.
Cassie looks back at Dean. “He sounds like a good man,” she says, kindly.
Sam throws up his hands placatingly. “Hey man, I didn't think anyone would be up before me. Figured I'd get to them after my run.”
Dean hears more than feels his breath start to pick up. They’re safe. Everyone is safe. Dean can —
The simplicity of that, and the truth of it. That they did find each other. That Cas, who has wings that let him fly away, always comes back. That Cas has flown, driven, and walked his way back to Dean whenever he could.
“Hey, anything to escape the Uno firing squad,” Dean says. “It’s hardly the worst thing this shirt has seen.” It’s a pretty old flannel, and he’s pretty sure it’s got a small stain from a gross incident with a skinwalker. The shirt’s been through way worse.
. Plus, half the shit Sam says has to be either made up or heavily exaggerated. Like, no way in hell did John have Dean shooting with any kind of accuracy in elementary school, and John definitely wasn’t taking him on hunts. Lilianna had been adamant about training Eileen as a hunter, to carry on her legacy, but even Lilianna had waited until Eileen was 14 before bringing her even remotely close to the real thing. Sam probably misremembers the timing a bit. Or maybe Eileen had misread it. Sam’s not usually prone to inaccuracies, but Eileen figures things are probably different when it’s your older brother.
It’s not like anyone is going to know.
“I’m fine, Sam. Just —” Cas has no reason to lie. Sam has always been a good man, and he knows Dean the best of all. Perhaps he can help. “I am thinking about Dean.”
“Dean! Love Languages aren't always about romantic love, remember!” And the worst thing was, Dean does remember. It really had been a whole conversation. “It's just about ways that people demonstrate and receive love.”
“Cas —” He can’t even be embarrassed by the want jammed into that single syllable. Cas takes advantage of Dean’s failure to string together sentences to rub his thumb over Dean’s mouth. His eyes are absurdly affectionate.
Dean laughs because
Claire shrugs like it doesn’t matter to her, which is how Dean knows it does. “Nah. It’s whatever. He can just pop in whenever he wants. It’s not like he doesn’t know where I am.”
Sam wanders by in running gear, bearily staring at his phone. He gets 4 full feet past Dean before he registers the strangeness of Dean standing there doing nothing. Dean scrambles to speak before Sam can hit him with another fucking lecture about mindfulness, or cholesterol, or whatever thing he’s decided Dean is doing badly today. He may be grateful that Sam turned out so much better than him, but god, does he have to be so annoying about it?
Sam doesn’t need Dean’s approval.
. They love the music. That’s what makes it good.
But Cas loves Dean back. I mean, Sam knew Cas loved Dean. They were best friends. However, there’s ‘best friends,’ and then there’s ‘moving whole mountains to make you smile.’
Then again, this is Cas. Maybe he's…misinterpreting it. Lord knows he's misinterpreted Cas plenty over the years. Maybe this is a friendly mixtape.
The thing is, she knows all this stuff about Dean — Sam never shuts up about the guy — but she doesn’t really know
Dean’s never really fought with a partner before. Cassie enjoyed banter, and they were certainly combative at times, but never on opposite sides of a fight. Not till the end. He’d held his anger on a leash around Lisa and Ben, bludgeoning his grief into the person they needed, the person Sam told him to be. There’d been nothing to fight about, not till the end: Sam back, but wrong, Dean caught between staying and leaving, a danger in either direction.
It’s like staring out at the horizon.
He has been carrying the torch. He is resilient. He had some slips here and there, but it’s not like he didn’t get back up.
But Dean has never been like other men like Dean. Sam and Cas’s clear adoration makes that clear.
The girls are eager to get started on their hike, dragging Jody back to the cabin to wrangle Donna so that they have a chance of leaving before the sun goes down. Dean stuffs the last half of the sandwich in his mouth, giving them a toothy and open-mouthed goodbye grin — successfully pulling an audible laugh from Claire and another eye roll from Alex — before he retreats back to work on the dock.
He smiles at Cas, “You okay, honey?”
You know, when Dean was living with Lisa, she’d once remarked on how Dean could steer a conversation around any topic he didn’t want to talk about. She’d said his mastery of small talk and polite misdirection was borderline scary. Dean wonders where the fuck that ability went.
It shouldn’t have mattered, but he just couldn’t do that to Cas. He couldn’t.
Cas wonders if he should point out that Sam, too, has tried to protect Dean. That Sam’s love for Dean has saved him more than once. Dean cherishes it above everything, but Sam continues speaking as if that thought doesn’t even occur to him. “But the thing about Dean is — he doesn’t understand how amazing that is. He just thinks it's what anyone would do. It’s like he only sees the negatives. Sometimes it’s like he’s doesn’t even hear the compliments, just stupid shit people say when they’re angry. If he can twist something to hurt himself, I don’t think he knows how to not. You can’t let him misinterpret things. It’s hard sometimes, but you have to find a way to talk to him in his language.” Sam rubs his hands against the carving again, fingers tracing the sharp D.W with a soft kind of reverence.
Dean, who normally, desperately, needs to see something to believe it, finds that it doesn’t bother him as much as it should. He doesn’t need to know all of Cas. He doesn’t need to possess Cas’s every secret, know his every thought. He knows enough.
Dean listens to his heart screaming through Bring Me The Horizon until he can’t anymore. He’s safely away from everyone, surrounded by wildflowers and weeds, so he lets the song loop one more time. If he’s going to detonate, better to do it here.
Alone in the kitchen, with Blackpink indecipherable in his ears, Dean reflects on the peculiar beauty of that.
To his surprise, it’s Patience who chimes in with a shocked, “You
He thinks about little goals, about creating yourself. Cas’s insistence that he’s better than he thinks he is. He thinks about fire.
Eileen and Dean hanging out. The thought fills Sam with a sort of hopeful warmth. Eileen is great, and she’s got the kind of biting humor that Dean enjoys. Sam knew that Dean liked him dating Eileen, but this — this means he just likes Eileen for who she is.
Fuck it. ‘Hey, I’m close to Tulsa and looking for something less boring than cataloging subbasement library E.’ Conveniently true. ‘Want a hunting buddy? -D.W.’
Dean thinks, and then
“Uh, there. That should be good,” Dean says. He really should step away, but he doesn’t.
He rewinds the song. He tries to decide if it's worth it to put milk in the coffee to cut down the acid of having 2 cups of coffee on an empty stomach.
Dean drums his fingers on Baby’s wheel. Adjusts his grip a few times.
“Zadkiel is wearing a peacoat.”
“If you’re going to be ungrateful, I’m definitely not doing the dishes!” Shakshuka is great because it basically uses one pan, so there aren’t a ton of dishes anyway, and Dean, despite what he said, is reaching towards the sink to have something to do with his hands.
The song continues relentlessly, so he also hears
Eileen snakes out a sharp finger to poke Sam in the arm again — the woman has deadly precision — and Sam hands her another caramel, smiling at her indignant shriek when he also takes one for himself.
When Dean pulls away, it’s Cas who turns a brilliant red, who stutters a nonsensical sound. He looks wrecked, lips bitten and hair mussed. It’s almost easy for Dean to say, “I would also prefer that you stay.”
He hadn’t. Because he’d heard the caress of Cas’s voice, could almost see his tearstained smile in the corner of his vision.
In his defense, he didn’t have much time to ruminate. That night, Jack and Cas were flying over the salt flats in lazy loops. Cas had explained how to take sharp turns and sudden shifts without losing altitude before they passed time racing. Cas had tried to explain how to use thermals to your advantage, how to pinch your wings close to gain speed while diving. Jack had tried to cheat by manifesting a second pair of wings. Cas had still won. After a few turns, Jack had been delighted simply to fly to great heights and barrel down to the earth, leaving Cas’s heart beating loudly in his chest.
He's not sure where things went wrong. He glances over at the dishes Sam left in the sink last night and lets himself, briefly, comfortably, blame Sam.
A few minutes of doing nothing later, he’s in the kitchen pulling out ingredients for lasagna because it’ll stay warm for whenever the girls get back. Not that it matters, because Donna’s truck pulls into the drive right as he’s taking it out of the oven.
He straightens up and looks around. “Hey, where’s Donna?” He can’t help the concerned look he sends Jody. She’d probably tell him if something had happened, but in this line of work, vigilance is not even paranoia. It’s just common sense.
Dean doesn’t even pretend like Cas needs permission to keep pulling Dean apart. Cas has been doing that since the day that they met. Dean doubts a little thing like Dean desperately wanting to stay together would change that.
Cas is a lot of things, but he’s not a moron, and he’s not a liar.
Dean hears someone call out to him, telling him to hurry up. Sam. It’s Sammy. Dean needs to say something back. Dean needs to open his mouth, so he can say something back. Dean needs to get it the fuck together, and make words like a grown ass adult.
His heart pounding a staccato rhythm, Jody’s eyes widen into saucers.
“What? It IS. You manage to keep your cool when I’m being tortured by God, but you panic at a
“Jack.” Dean says, and Castiel blinks at him in confusion. “You have to think about Jack.”
Sam stands up, and he walks to the door. He seems to remember himself and stops, turning back to Dean.
Dean, who has stopped being Dean Winchester so many times in his life, tries to find the part of that sentence that makes any kind of sense. So far, the only bit that tracks is “that’d be reductive.”
Dean fishes the walkman out of his pocket, places it on the table, and realises he has absolutely no reason not to sit here and just listen to music.
“Zad’s got an interesting version of the truth then,” Dean says and Cas lets out an aggrieved sigh.
He aims the impala towards South Carolina. He’ll let himself have this selfishness until he gets back from Jody’s. It’s not like he can talk to Cas about it right now anyway.
Dean is discovering another way that someone can drown on dry land.
This time isn’t going to be like last time, anyway. Dean’s not going to get caught off guard again.
Claire narrows her eyes, and snarls, “Dean’s my step-dad.” Like a gremlin monster.
Dean gruffly rubbed Jack's head, tossing his hair (which honestly was getting a bit long. Like, what, they don't have barbers in Heaven?) and saying some bullshit about cooking dinner.  He'd been thinking they had stuff for grilled cheeses — might not have enough apples, but Jack's the only one who likes grilled cheese with apples in it, and Dean was pretty sure they had one or two good ones. Then, Sam said some absolute bullshit about settling Jack into his room, which made no sense for a number of reasons, the first of which was that Jack is maybe (he really should get clarity on this) God and doesn't need help settling into his room. The second was Cas and Jack's rooms had both sat carefully untouched, so all of Jack's stuff was still there. Finally, and most importantly, their departure left Dean and Cas alone in the foyer and Dean simply didn’t know how to Do That right then.
It takes him a surprisingly long time to find a blank piece of paper and purple-colored anything. He sketches out the flower with the same careful precision he uses to draw sigils and diagrams in Dad’s journal. It turns out pretty okay. It’s clearly a Gladiolus at least, and it’s definitely purple. It’s a black ink pen sketch filled in with the purple marker he’d found in a bucket of random things belonging to Jack. It’s hardly a Monet, but it’s definitely a flower. Dean contemplates writing “congrats” underneath, but figures Cas will get what he’s trying to say anyway. He folds it into his pocket and joins the noise in the kitchen.
Dean puts the groceries on the passenger seat, rewinds the tape to the very beginning, and drives home.
Jack doesn't have anything he needs to protect himself from except for Dean. Everyone around here is just too stupid to let the kid do that. Dean lets out a sharp breath through his nose. He reloads his gun with bloody fingers, checks to make sure that the safety is on, and holsters it.
Dean releases a shaking breath, trying to collect himself enough to listen. He misses a few lines but catches
Dean rewinds the tape, feeling weirdly guilty for having been too distracted to listen to Cas’s tape. It starts with
“You don’t know me, I don’t think? I would remember if we had met.”
He does discover that purple flowers mean “dignity, tradition, and success” which seems close to right. Gladioluses apparently mean “strength and honor,” which also seems fitting.
“Okay, Sam-brina, jeez. Don’t get your panties in a twist.” Dean lifts his hands in a placating gesture. “So, you’re all gonna get naked and dance in the moonlight, is that what you’re angsting about? You nervous because you were born with 2 left feet?”
Still, he’s back and alone in the kitchen when he finally gets to the last song. As The Platters start crooning
For a brief moment, he tries to imagine what's on the tape. Cas is a weird dude for sure, and he can't imagine he listened to any music and thought of
His hands, rough, shove Cas away. The wind bites cold as he rips himself to standing. Cas’s blue eyes blink up in stunned confusion, and Dean feels a wildness settle. He clenches his fists like he has any chance of control.
Hilariously, Dean seems to have a reasonably strong grasp on transgender. He seems happy with non-binary, though he didn’t have the words for it before. Eileen knows he’s great with gay and lesbian — she heard all about Charlie the night that Sam sat in her kitchen and carefully, painstakingly went through all the friends they had ever lost, like a procession he felt determined to march through. Eileen's kitchen is a confessional — they both do their time there, listing out sins for the other to forgive.
He fishes out his phone to read Sam’s response — “Don’t see it.” followed by, “Maybe it slid under the seats?”
He heads back to the house to make breakfast.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah. You should do that,” Dean agrees. He’s very helpful, you know.
. Dean, who would rather be thinking about Eileen and this weird ass case, finds himself thinking of Castiel. Cas, who never gave up on anything, who fought harder than anyone for free will, who watched his son die — not once, but twice. Cas, who always gets back up.
She glances back to Dean, intending to get back to the conversation, but Dean is staring at her, flabbergasted.
Eileen had seen some of it, when Cas and Jack were gone. How Dean had shattered at losing the love of his life and his son, but had still carefully attended to Sam’s grief, still pushed Sam out of the dark place that Eileen hadn’t known how to traverse. Nothing in the world matters as much to Dean as Sam does.
So, no. Cas loves Dean’s anger. Still, Dean has a way of transmuting his tongue into a knife that slices at Cas’s throat. Cas knows he gives back just as good, but even so, he doesn’t mean to. Dean slams Cas into the present moment. Cas forgets to measure his words, to consider his reactions.
Balance seems to have restored itself while he was gone, so Dean listens with half an ear while the girls discuss their plans for the day. Donna invites him on said hike, but Dean shrugs her off — after all, he didn’t come here just to ruin their weekend. He has a job to do.
Inside is a pair of…not very fashionable glasses. They aren’t even sunglasses. Just glasses. Is Dean trying to say she needs glasses?
Dean hasn’t thought about his first hunt in years and years and years. Hasn’t thought about what his dad was saying, about turning 17 above the bodies of two nuns who dared to love each other, about the very last time he thought about another life — a different life, a safer life, a braver life. Dean never thinks about the parts of himself he lit on fire that day so that he could walk home to Sammy and his father.
Jody reaches a hand out, and Dean takes the food without getting any closer. “Even these idiots can’t mess up a PB&J sandwich.” Dean contorts his face into an easy grin, then stuffs the sandwich in his face.
Cas takes a moment to answer, moving as he is to stand. “Dean?” he questions, reaching out with a gentle hand. Dean wants to lean into it so badly, to collapse, to be nothing again. He feels himself slap it away.
Jody huffs, irritated. “Oh, come on, girls. You didn’t think me and Donna just let you wander out of the house with no protection at all.”
“Cas would be right about that.” The corner of Cas’s eyes crinkles, and Dean feels an easy smile steal over his own face. Zadkiel’s face morphs into a new expression, but it's clear he’s new to emoting in a human body because it tries to do too many things at once.
The next song starts with an audience scream, which is how Dean knows it's a live recording, and then he’s too busy trying to get the blood off of his face and back into his body.
Castiel felt his wings as wide as Heaven itself before being struck dumb by the overwhelming desire for Dean to be here, to witness this, to experience this joy.
Content Warnings: discussion of canonical character deaths and subsequent grief, brief flashbacks to Dean's time in Hell, panic attack
Dean can't even imagine saying I love you without feeling an icy grip at his throat. He can't imagine a version of himself that can give Castiel what he deserves.
Dean’s eyebrows make friends with his hairline.
Cas has the decency to look more surprised than hurt, so Dean piles on. That's the Dean Winchester way, after all. You find a hole and you start fucking digging. “You can’t
Dean smiles. His mind flashes to the googly eyes covering Sam’s room. The song ends, and Dean rewinds it with a new appreciation. He goes a bit too far and catches the end of I See You, but he waits it out. When Rhumba for Peregrine starts again, Dean sees what Cas was trying to say perfectly. It’s the perfect song for sneaking into Sam’s room and putting hair dye in his shampoo. It sounds like sneaking around motel rooms and sticking weird things on Sam’s sleeping face.
Dean feels fire lick at his heart. His stomach knots, his fists clench — but no black descends, no emptiness. Just Dean, his rage, Cas, his love. Cas’s love is winning this fight by a landslide. Dean’s anger is turning inside out, morphing into despair, the gripping panic that he can’t save Cas from this. Cas won’t even let him try.
It’s not that she doesn’t like him. He’s fun. He clearly loves Sam and their makeshift family. He’s saved the world, more than once. He’s a hell of a hunter. Plus, Sam basically thinks he walks on water. By Sam’s telling, Dean single-handedly raised him, kicked ass, took names, and invented the wheel. Still, Dean’s mostly just some guy to Eileen. Just Dean. Dean, who Sam loves more than anyone. Dean, whose approval means everything to Sam.
Dean throws cash at the table, leaves the half eaten burger and fries. He’s lost his appetite.
“This isn’t a geometry problem, Cas. There isn’t a transitive property of Dads. He’s your kid, and he needed you around. Good fathers don’t abandon their children.” Dean feels something spasm across his face. Good fathers don’t abandon their children. It had been true when he said it. Simple, even. It stays true as he thinks about it. Bobby had loved them, but it hadn’t been the same. It didn’t make Dad not being there — when he was dying, when he didn’t know what to do, when Sam had questions Dean had been too young to even pretend to know the answers to — better. Good fathers don’t abandon their children. Dean’s left hand tightens on the walkman, straining to clench into a fist.
Destination: town. Mission: buy as many googly eyes as he can find. Just because he’s happy that Sam has a girlfriend doesn’t mean he’s not going to absolutely punish Sam for it.
For a while, ruinous anger at Cas had been a relief. Dean had been able to paint over every time Cas had walked out with a searing red swath of not wanting him around anyway.
Cas died for him, came back for him, and made him a mixtape. Cas runs half of Heaven. Cas raised the new God and did it so well that the kid saved the world, then fixed Heaven for funsies. Cas dragged Dean out of Hell, and every dark place after that. Cas tried so hard at everything, even when he failed over and over again. Cas came when Dean called, even if it took some time, even if he was dead. Cas looked him in the face and said
He takes a sip of his beer, thinks about Jody’s quiet support, Jody saving his life. Jody who lost her son, but didn’t flinch once in taking on another child. Who showed up for them, time and time again.
Cas and Dean meet in the middle.
Dean retreats to his room, takes the 2 seconds it requires for him to pack up, then sits on the bed, smiles, and slides on the headphones. Penny and Sparrow picks up and fades out from where Dean had paused it.
“What are you doing here?” His voice is sandpaper — tire tracks in a field of wildflowers, black ooze in a proclamation of love. Something horrible where something beautiful should be.
CW: reference to canonical character death
Dean smiles. That had been a good night.
Dean starts the song over and realizes with a heaviness in his chest that Cas knows it as well.
The song settles, but Dean is scrambling to pull the headphones off his ears, trying to catch his breath. He keeps hearing
The tape plays on, oblivious to Dean’s pounding head. His heart snags on
Dean has a new hatred for singers whose lyrics he can easily decipher. He wishes desperately for more Gang of Youths — arching metaphors, rumbling tones, and lyrics he doesn’t understand. Missio continues, unaware of Dean’s desperate desire.
Another four feet. “Well, I don’t eat people, which seems like a win in my column,” Eileen taunts.
The song is weird, okay. And Dean's trying to not go with the logical conclusion here that this song makes Castiel think of Dean because it's about how Dean
Then, because Dean has always known exactly what to say to Sam, he adds, “I want you to be happy. I —” He falters, but perseveres. “I don’t necessarily get it, but this magic thing, if you want to pursue it, I’m not gonna stop you from being who you are.”
Usually, it’s just Dean and the dock he’s building. He’d pick a weekend and let Jody know he was going to be working, and then either people would come or people would not. Usually not, though there was always someone around.
He’s not surprised at all by the tonal shift as the song ticks over, having grown accustomed to Cas’s disregard of genre, beat, and sometimes even volume as the songs came through from the last track. The female lyricist’s voice is light and pleasant on this one, and it becomes readily apparent that this is another love song.
“Well. You can go now.” Somewhere inside his body, Dean begs his anger to give up the driver’s seat. He’s drowning under a hundred tons of liquid rage. He never had a chance.
He’s really not looking forward to Hell. He occasionally wishes that he wasn’t going back there when he finally kicks it, but he hasn’t historically had success with getting out of it. He’s going to be better this time, though. He’s not getting off the Rack. He’s not going to be saved. No one’s coming to cure him. He’s going to hold out until it breaks him into dust.
“It’s more about identifying a place to put it than distance being an issue. It wouldn’t be wise to move it from it’s biome. Certainly not without reason.”
You can’t fall on the rack. You can’t get off. His knee — he’s kneeling.
The next lyric that Dean even understands is
“Her taste in men is extremely suspect, yes.” Cas intones.
There’s something almost manic in it, Sam decides. Dean’s not excited about the meal. He’s not showing off. He’s just cooking. There’s a desperate edge to his movement, like he wants the act to make him happy, and if it doesn’t, he’ll compel it to.
The first Oracle of Delphi.
Dean blinks at the ‘again,’ but gives his best insouciant shrug. “You like bees.”
They’re all happy he’s here.
“Oh, uh. Uhm.” Sam turns a curious shade of red for what Cas is fairly certain is an innocuous statement. He thinks of Dean often, so this is hardly surprising. “What, uh. What about Dean?” Sam bumbles out.
He thinks about cooking dinner, but he’s not sure how it’ll be received.
Sam furrows his brow. “The maulings.”
(See the end of the chapter for
plays through to
The song is not bad. It's kinda cool. The guitar is heavy. It's definitely weird, but as he listens, he finds himself getting into it. The song finishes and he rewinds without thinking about it. It's catchy and he…
The tiniest haze of vulnerability hovers over Dean throughout the conversation. It wouldn’t be noticeable at all, but for the slightest hesitation in his hands — the extra care he takes in forming the words, the insanely casual posture completely at odds with his fingers’s careful consideration.
“But I have questions!” Zadkiel responds and it reminds Dean so clearly of an 11 year old Sam lamenting not knowing the answers to a history homework packet that Dean actually laughs out loud.
It’s painful, but Dean listens, rewinding once. Something is pulling in his chest, a feeling that he can’t quite identify.
Cas is in a shirt. He has his sleeves rolled up, and his collar is rucked like he tugged off the tie, undid a few buttons, and then had
Cas’s hands grip him and Dean quickly amends his revelation. Oh, there is a lot more he wants to do. To be doing, immediately. Dean threads a hand through Cas’s hair, winding the other around Cas’s back — eager to pull him closer, like if they’re flush in just the right way, Dean can cradle Cas inside his own chest. Cas opens under him and Dean takes. He feels electric, like he’s burning, like if he doesn’t kiss Castiel every day for the rest of his life, he’ll turn to dust.
Cas had laughed, and said he was sure they could find a way to communicate coded messages with flowers anyway. They’d just have to be more creative. They’d spent a few minutes designing the most beautiful “fuck you” Dean had ever seen. Dean had been a little sad that he couldn’t think of anyone to send it to.
Dean starts with what he knows. Despite what people always assume, he knows how to fucking problem solve. He mentally rifles through the lore on Cas and flowers, skipping right over a field with a windmill, and lands on Cas stooping at someone else's door to pick a rose. There’s Cas grabbing the Leviathan blossom. There’s Cas’s garden now, and his garden before Purgatory the first time. There’s Cas and Dean arguing about the book that Dean had found in the bunker called “The Meaning of Flowers.” Dean had been excited because he thought it was going to be a great way of sending coded messages, but all the flowers meant things like fidelity, eternal love — bullshit like that. Yellow carnations evidently meant “disdain,” which Dean found hilarious. Nothing says ‘I hate you’ like a bouquet apparently.
Dean flips the walkman over in his hand and checks it for cracks. It's a tough piece of technology, which explains why it survived this long, but Dean knows better than to expect things to be unbreakable. It seems to have survived Dean for now, so he slides the headphones back on and restarts the song.
It doesn’t have to be big things, Dean thinks. Cas is happy, and for some crazy reason, Cas heard a song go
It’s barely been a few days, but she does.
“Oh Dean,” Cas says, a parody of love as teeth sink into his neck. “Thank you.”
Dean feels his frown deepen. Patience lets out a sigh. “I like my life, Dean. I don’t feel trapped in it. I actually feel freed by it.”
So, Dean doesn’t say that. He lets his left hand drift behind him on the desk and clench the walkman, letting everything he can’t say well in his chest and spill out through his eyes. He gets as close to the truth as his matchlock heart will let him.
Dean knows he's useless at talking, but my god, not saying anything at all is better than all the stuff he does say half the time.
The offering barely pulls half a smile across Patience’s face, which is better than Dean expected. She takes it as permission to put a healthy serving of whipped cream on her cup as well though, which Dean counts as a win.
“Zadkiel,” Cas’s voice always sounds like it’s coming from deep in his chest, instead of his throat. “Does that answer your question?”
Dean feels a wetness on his face that he resolutely ignores, but just in case, he closes eyes. A fact he’s grateful for when the song continues with
Dean allows Sam his grumbling threats, calling Dean a child while Eileen doesn’t even attempt to smother laughter over Sam’s shoulder. Eventually, Sam returns to his room with threats of war, and Eileen trails after him, wanting to see the carnage herself. Dean pauses in the hall and waits a couple of minutes. He’s rewarded by Sam’s sharp yelp and the peel of Eileen’s laughter. Dean’s not even sure which of the googly-eyed things Sam found, but Sam definitely found something. His phone buzzes with a text from Eileen that just says LOL in all caps. It doesn’t explain anything, but it’s appreciated nonetheless.
He listens to the Peacock Dance a few more times. Five more, to be precise. Before he stops.
. Dean’s mind is a swath of white noise. Just him, the landscape hurtling past, and the voice pouring out of his speakers saying
He can’t breathe.
A weird morning, yes, but not a bad one.
Sam is lovely — thoughtful, caring, careful. On a hunt, he trusts Eileen’s judgment. He gets that she’s been doing this as long as him. He’s fun, too. When she met him, Eileen thought that she was going to get the typical, loner, dudebro hunter who thought she couldn’t do the job for any number of stupid reasons (Deaf, a woman, queer — take your pick). Sam wasn’t like that though. He seemed to genuinely like hanging out. She really likes him. He saved her, built her a body with magic and will, and he still doesn’t want her to be anything other than what she is.
When Eileen had texted Sam about this case, she’d thought there were only 6 victims, but when she’d dug into disappearances, there’d been one every 6 months for 10 years. That’s 20 potential victims, only 6 of which had been recovered. Whatever they’re after is definitely covering its tracks.
“He’s really bright,” Jack had reiterated, and Cas had waited patiently while Jack tried to select the appropriate words. “He’s so full of love, and he still hates me.”
And Dean, even though he shouldn’t — he really, really shouldn’t — laughs. “Yeah, Cas. You’re a regular rebel. James Dean would be proud.”
“Dean’s love is….” Again, he bucks against the constraints of language. He thinks of a blanket wrapped around his shoulders when he was suffering. A hand on his shoulder, a voice calling his name, soft lips pressing against his. He tries to find the quality that unites them.
Eileen doesn’t want to jump to conclusions, so she just raises another eyebrow.
Listen, Dean has had a very long day. He's tired. He wants to sleep. As he's pulling the headphones off his neck though, he settles them on his ears and lays on his bed, fully clothed.
Hell, Dean had gotten him SAT prep books even when he hadn’t wanted Sam to go to college.
Cas had felt confusion, uncertainty. What he could see of Dean looked fine, but as he approached, misery was clear in the armor of Dean’s shoulders, his hand pressing into the Impala like it was the only thing keeping him upright. Cas hadn’t known what was happening.
But the thing — the confusing thing — is that Cas had done that, too. For every time Cas had betrayed or abandoned them, there were a million times he gave up everything for them. Cas turned on the Host, gave up his army, died and died and died — all for Dean.
The ghost had been driving people mad by taunting them with the voices of their loved ones. It hasn’t yet figured out that Eileen can’t hear it. Eileen is pretending to be upset at random intervals, and honestly they would have finished the hunt already if Sam didn’t repeatedly have to stop for laughter.
Cas had no intention of excusing Dean’s actions, but he thought Jack was at least owed an explanation.
It is, of course, way louder than he expects, so the first few beats are a scramble to lower the volume of sparkling synths.
It’s worse every time Cas leaves the room. Cas is clearly still pissed, but he doubts either of them know what they’re fighting about anymore.
She waits for the waitress to walk away before she slides into the table in front of Dean. He’s all smiles and friendly jokes without missing a beat. Eileen feels some of the tension in her shoulders drift away as Dean starts in on an embarrassing story about Sam. This is her favorite Dean, the one who has love dripping from his fingertips. He uses the sign “brother” rather than spelling out Sam, which Eileen finds a bit charming. What she finds sweeter is that Sam has told her this story before, and his version is significantly less flattering. Dean’s telling is tinged with fond protectiveness, painting Sam as young and cute, and he edits the ending slightly, giving Sam much more credit for cleverly escaping the kerfuffle than Sam had given himself.
Dean is an unknown quantity to her. Eileen doesn’t need to have all the answers; she just wants the answers she has to
Eileen’s phone buzzes with a text from Sam: “Ew. Also, does that Marid head have a bomb in it?” Another quickly follows: “Hey, La Croix isn’t THAT bad.” Apparently the villain having an entire fridge of only Peach-Pear La Croix is not enough to put Sam off his kick.
Dean mutters something under his breath that Sam doesn’t grab. He’s remembering Dean tucking him into bed a million years ago, realizing that Dean wasn’t even 10 the first time he put Sam to sleep alone.
He hadn’t been laughing when he reached across the space between them to put his hand on Cas’s knee, caught Cas in his magnetic gaze, and asserted, “You know, you have to win, right?”
of all things. Dean thought it was the gang’s “Book Club Book” at first, but evidently, that’s something else. Sam didn’t know the girls had a book club, but he finds himself entirely charmed by the idea. Apparently, Patience has to read
His ocean eyes hold something like hurt, something like confusion, and something like love.
Cas frowns down at the headphones. Pouts, even. It’s the sort of confused sadness of an angel who makes a man a mixtape and then walks in on him violently shattering his headphones on a wall.
Sam bites the bullet. “You sure you’re okay with this?” he asks, voice serious.
Oh. Well. Cas hadn’t realised it would be so simple. “What mountain do you need moved? I am happy to move it for you. It’s not difficult — merely time consuming.” Then, in the spirit of complete honesty, Cas adds, “It can be done more quickly, but I prefer to relocate all the animals by hand.” Cas mentally consults his schedule. “I could have it done by Friday.”
“Good.” Because, good. “It’s not romantic,” Dean adds, just to be safe.
The goon on the other side of the phone seems to accept Dean’s aggrieved and distracted insistence that his agents have jurisdiction. Dean doesn’t even know who he’s repping for until Mackey shoots him a thankful text 10 minutes later.
Dean doesn’t say anything about it, and it wouldn’t have registered as weird to Sam, except —
It’s not that he believed that Dean would love lightly, but he had nonetheless been caught off guard by the wildness of receiving Dean’s affection. Dean’s soul is so bright with love. Even tarnished and tattered in Hell, it had shone like a beacon. To have that directed at oneself — Cas isn’t sure how he was ever supposed to repay that gift.
Dean's halfway through a sentence about trigger discipline when Jack gets excited about something and is shoving the gun into Sam's face while talking about wavelengths or some shit, and Dean is yelling at him before he can even think to have another response.
Azazel’s voice echoes, “You can’t outrun your past.”
It’s not like anyone would know, but he finds himself pocketing his phone anyway. He hums the song to himself to coax more lyrics out of his mind.
Because here is the thing. Here is the thing.
. But all he can think about is his traitorous left hand and how it always snakes out to grip Castiel's bicep when he passes. He feels like the song is in two minds. He thinks the song is kind of violent for a mixtape. He hears
Is James a bad father? He’s trying, at least. He wants to be a part of Patience’s life in some way. Isn’t that better than not wanting to be in it at all? Doesn’t it matter that he’s making an effort?
She strides out of her motel room to see the black car glinting under morning light, more carefully maintained than Dean’s own body. As she approaches, Dean smiles and leans over. He pushes open the passenger door, carefully sliding his journal and his phone off the seat, making space.
Kaia makes a horrified face. Claire says, “Gross.”
Eileen has plenty of friends. Some civilians she keeps in touch with, a few hunters she checks on regularly. She’s never had friends the way Sam and Dean seem to though, people they pull into their orbit, who they weave into the fabric of their universe.
“Don’t you understand? Can’t you see?” Castiel says, and Dean truly has no idea what Cas’s point is here. Like sure, Dean is willing to die for Sam. That’s hardly a secret. Dean doesn’t even think that was the first time Cas had run up on that character trait.
Dean pays the check. Claire and Kaia stare at him.
Dean rewinds the song. Dean spends the next 4:15 minutes trying to find a way to interpret the song in any way that isn't “Castiel wants to have Sex With Me” and fails. He rewinds the song to try again. He fails. It morphs into “Castiel, Angel of the Lord, Commander of Heavenly Armies, wants to have SEX WITH ME,” which is not better.
Before Cas and Jack came back, they lived on take out and shelf stable goods. Dean cooked before Cas and Jack left, but not every day. Dean enjoys sleeping in every now and then. He isn’t always in the mood to cook, and he likes to try take out and eat greasy. Since Cas and Jack returned though, if Dean’s in the bunker, he’s in the kitchen. He’s up every morning, sometimes even before Sam.
8 listens in, it’s just Dean and Baby and the chorus that Dean is trying to pull apart. 10 listens in,
Little goals.
“Yes. That’s exactly what I’m saying.”
Content warning: subtle references to homophobia, (monster) decapitation, our boys generally wrestling through anxiety/panic attacks
The barest hint of pressure, as Dean had kissed him. Softly, full of love, overflowing with such care that Cas hadn’t known how to respond. Dean is a physical creature, and Cas had been prepared for Dean to be attracted to him. Dean had often been attracted to him. Cas had simply never expected Dean to love him, at least not in the way Cas wanted him to. When Cas had returned, Dean’s clear joy — the way he squeezed affection into Cas’s bicep, even knowing what Cas had said — was unbelievable. He’d been ready for…well, he’s not sure even now what he had been expecting, but of course Dean had surprised him. Dean always surprises him. The revelation that he loves Cas had been a surprise. That his love ran deep had not. Dean always felt things so deeply and so much. That wasn’t unexpected.
She reminds him of Dean in that way, weirdly.
Dean's left hand fiddles with the walkman.
Ten minutes later, Eileen texts him a smiley face and information about the motel she’s staying in. She suggests meeting at a diner when he gets in. Dean extremely doubts that she had nearly as much trouble as him in performing a basic human task like
he thinks as he pops the tape out of his walkman and into her deck. It starts at the beginning again since Dean fell asleep with it on last night, so he skips to the last song he remembers and lets Hymnals play as he pushes Baby down the highway. The normal store is only 20 minutes away, but as the song plays, Dean toys with the idea of driving and driving and driving.
She can’t finish the sentence, now hiccuping quiet sobs, but Dean hears it anyway. If it’s not bad, why can’t her father accept it? If he can’t accept it, it must be bad. Her father is a good person. They can’t both be right.
The roar of Dean’s mind grows louder.
Cas loves the Winchesters. They are his family. But, by Jack, they can be infuriatingly confusing.
He can’t.
In the lull before the last song, Dean tells himself he can do this. He even almost believes it.
Dean doesn’t have a problem with queer people. He loved Charlie fiercely, and Sam knows he still calls Jesse and Cesar just to talk shit and check in on them.
Dean’s half-formed prayer had echoed in Cas’s mind, then it had stopped suddenly. Dean had stiffened in his arms, ripping himself from Cas’s grip with brutal force. Dean had sharply pushed through wings he couldn’t possibly see, putting distance between them, and Cas’s confusion had returned in full force.
Dean’s thoughts are too loud.
Does Jack walk on eggshells around Dean, uncertain if he’ll be accepted if he doesn’t?
This is stupid.
a Nick Lowe tape would be explaining to Sam that Cas
Magic has been damn useful though. No arguing that.
He hears
make him smile.
The cabin is loud, full of people as it is, and Dean falls asleep as soon as his head hits the pillow.
Sam finds a rare book on magic theory, which he’s delighted by. Eileen haggles with the shopkeeper while Sam starts leafing through it. They walk out with the book and some caramels that caught Eileen's eye at the counter. She smiles fondly at him when he tucks himself into the passenger seat and immediately starts reading.
That feels so far away now. But —
He’s not going to lay in Dean’s bed. Even if Dean does manage to seduce him, Cas will just leave after.
Jack, bundled small against Cas’s chest like the child he remains, had turned pliant in Cas’s hug and said, “How? How can you know? He said —” Jack’s voice and body shrank smaller. “He said I wasn’t family. And in the 4 days that we’ve been back, he — he hasn’t said that it's okay.”
t’s a new song.
He leans against the table, just next to where Patience is seated, and waits. She curls her hands around her mug.
Dean feels the grace filter from Cas's gentle grip to his hand. He feels it in the seamless knitting together of the angry gashes on his knuckles, as if the cuts were never there. He feels it in his left bicep tensing like it's caught in a phantom grip. He feels it behind his eyes and in his throat. He just feels it.
and Dean sits there, and breathes, and breathes, and waits for the other shoe to drop.
Eileen asks him if he’s going to finish his eggs, so he pushes them away in disgust. She laughs, but when she takes a forkful of them herself, she grimaces at the taste. She looks at the plate in confusion, clearly wondering how they managed to fuck up something as simple as eggs.
, he reminds himself. Way littler goals.
“I nearly killed you.” Dean lands on, because he’s thinking of the crush of Cas’s face beneath his fist and the Mark singing for blood, but then, before he can correct, Cas slams him with —
He hits play.
Cas extends a quizzical head tilt. Dean spits out a rough, “It was all nothing,” fleeing the room. He's not sure if he means it about the cases or about his useless and bloody hands.
Claire and Kaia turn bewildered looks at Cassie, and Claire opens her mouth to ask a question. Dean, who has been to Hell and also ridden shotgun to a homicidal archangel, can truly not think of anything worse than Claire asking a question right now, so he grabs the conversation with both hands and very carefully doesn’t pray.
Dean takes a breath, and then he thinks, "Fuck it. I've already made a goddamn fool of myself," and plugs them back in.
He suggests a cook out later in the month instead. Argues with D-train about the requirements for a perfect burger. Lets her make him laugh, makes her laugh in return.
Dean rewinds the song as he drives. It’s a sunny day, and the singer's voice carries a heaviness that makes Dean start when
“Cas, buddy, we gotta work on how you introduce news. I thought a Knight of Hell was on my ass.” Dean shakes his head and starts to head back to the cabin.
He’s not unhappy, is the thing. He’s pretty thrilled that the hunt went so well. He’s extremely glad that Eileen didn’t get hurt.
“He likes bees.” The words barely make it past his lips, but Dean throws them out anyway, because that seems safe, and also is definitely not a trait that any of his exes had. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he hears
Dean’s never told anyone this, but some people don’t make it off the rack. Not every spirit who goes to Hell becomes a demon. Some souls simply break and fade from the torture.
This time, instead of withdrawing his hand, Cas’s hand wanders down to his neck, where he lands gently against Dean’s headphones. The headphones have become a semi-permanent installation on his neck. Sam has given them a few weird looks, but he mercifully hasn’t asked any questions.
That night, Dean had wondered aloud what had gotten Jack “so obsessed with the stuff.” Cas hadn’t explained that it was him. That Jack wanted to understand Dean. Instead, he’d smiled and said, “The nuances of human communication are confusing for any 3 year old. It’s unsurprising that he seeks guidance.”
Dean finishes the dock, pauses the tape, and even takes a few silent, selfish seconds to be proud of the work he’s done.
Side note to everyone who comments (you know who you are) - You've really made this little project that Non and I embarked on a real joy and source of serotonin in my life. I don't really do feelings (that is what Non is for) but I'm having some about... all of you. Basically, OUR READERS MY BELOVED.
He wants Cas to stay. He wants Cas with him in this horrible motel room, with its putrid green wallpaper. He wants Cas to lay on his bed. He wants to touch him, to smell him, to have Cas pull him against his chest where he was warm and safe. He wants Cas. He just wants Cas.
“I heard your prayer.” Cas says, tying an anchor around Dean’s heart. Dooming it to drown in the turbulent ocean of his chest.
She does not manage to resist the urge to slam her head into the desk a few times. What the genuine fuck is going on in Tulsa?
Dean is tired of being resilient.
He’s kneeling.
He thinks, ‘If he loved me —’
If only Dean could split himself in two, excise all the bad parts, kill the demon that lives in his bones. Hell, maybe with two Deans, he could be half the man Cas deserves.
Dean is not upset. He’s not angry or panicked or anything. He’s just calmly taking the next exit off the highway, and parking the Impala.
She wants to have that with Sam.
Dean is gripped by self-hatred as destructive as Hell itself.
Dean’s throat closes with one shattering realisation. He’s not built for this. He can’t do this.
He makes the 30 minute drive in 15 minutes, which probably isn’t good. Opening the tape deck, he slides the mixtape in, blindly rewinding it from where he let it play out while he was being pathetic.
He’s also no fool. He’s not 24 in a bar chasing away the loneliness of abandoning Sam and being abandoned by John. His knees pop when he stands sometimes. His body is littered with scars big and small, like the raised reminders of mistakes. He doesn’t usually have the energy or will to turn up the same amount of charm. He looks at his palms and sees thin lines where he’s drawn blood hundreds of times. His scarred knuckles alone show what kind of man he is.
(See the end of the chapter for
It’d destroy Dean, too, but Dean gets that he deserves it. He treats Cas worse than anyone in the world. Worse, he can’t seem to stop himself.
The singer of the new song interrupts Dean’s thoughts. He hadn’t looked ahead on Cas’s little paper, so he has no idea whose plainative
It’s not even a big kiss. It’s barely a meeting of lips, but Dean will be damned if it’s not one of the best things that he’s ever experienced.
But the tape croons
Did Cas assume that Dean was going to disappoint him?
Eileen returns the favor with a story about Sam tripping over the single step up to her bedroom, chuckling as Dean howls. Sam had somehow ended up with beer in his nose. It’d been hilarious. For a person who can be so graceful, Sam sometimes moves like a newly-born giraffe.
He closes his eyes.
Eileen makes it the final half inch. She smiles. Isabelle bares her teeth.
“Yes.”
If nothing else — if he hadn’t been able to save anything else — this, the shrieking laughter, the sun's heavy rays, the youth and the life: this alone would have been worth it.
Cassie smiles, since she doesn’t have enough of a baseline to realise that Claire has clearly gone insane. Dean opens his mouth to correct Claire but realizes that “actually I’m maybe dating the body of her biological father possessed by an angel of the lord” is just way too weird, so he ends up leaving his mouth kinda open.
Still, not much has changed. Dean Winchester is fine. Hell, Dean Winchester is good. Dean rubs his hand against his mouth, rewinds the song, and feels strangely 10 years younger.
Briefly, he hates Cas. Cas is always doing shit like this — shoring up arguments that he knows Dean can’t fight. Cas is saying: I know you. I see you. I love you anyway.
, so Dean had banned him from pretending to be helpful.
He’s kneeling, and Cas is dead beneath him. Everyone is dead. He killed them all.
Eileen has no idea how to prod what he wants to say out of him, so she waits. Dean frowns through her extremely basic explanation of bisexuality, so much so that Eileen wonders if she really did read him wrong, if Dean and Cas are just really good friends. She braces for some good old-fashioned bi-phobia, but instead, Dean asks, “What about Jack?”
A whisper of tell-tale fluttering, and then Cas — whose eyes are a shining blue, so much sharper and brighter than the lake — stands before him. “Dean.” He says in greeting, and Dean enjoys how it sounds.
has punched out his whole chest.
Dean shoots off a nothing text — full of emojis and nothing else because he knows that Jody hates it — and, sure enough, she replies quickly, “Sleep with one eye open, Winchester.” Dean chuckles.
Content warnings at the end.
Eileen doesn’t comment on how this makes it harder to understand her — her mouth moving in unfamiliar ways around a pile of fangs — but only because she can make out the word “Hunter” dripping with disdain in pretty much any mouth.
Dean thinks about Cas dying on the floor of a farm saying, “I love you. I love all of you.” Cas constantly growing and changing. Cas using his love as a shield. Cas using his love as a weapon. Cas summoning the Empty.
He’s in the bunker.
Dean.
when a thought hits. Gang of Youths continues on with
He’s kneeling, and there are bodies scattered around him. Victims. People he’s killed.
“Well, zone back in,” Eileen says, signing along too quickly for Sam to pick up new vocabulary. “I’m hungry,” she adds, almost as an afterthought.
Cas supposes that's the problem at its core. Dean makes him feel, swiftly and intensely. At the beginning, it had been terrifying — the rush of confusion when he glanced at his charge, how looking in Dean’s eyes tugged at something in his chest. Then, it’d been exhilarating — an addiction. Over time, it had softened, not such that the feeling became less intense, but such that Cas grew accustomed to its intensity, almost comforted by its familiarity.
His heart is growing with every piece of Cas it devours, a pulsing mass that’s greedily swallowing Castiel — but only with the mouths that aren’t eating itself. It’s hard to look at the writhing mass directly as it strains and cracks at the edges, dripping black saliva that burns caustic down Cas’s chest.
“Dean.” Cas says, and it’s with enough grave importance that Dean feels his hands flex. Cas’s follow up of “I fear you may be getting visitors” does nothing to put Dean’s mind at ease.
“You're family, Jack. And every time I made you feel like you're not, that's…that’s on me. That was MY fault. You'll always have us — me — for as long as you want me around.” Dean takes a shot in the dark. It’s a familiar task after a hundred repetitions — hunting doesn't really lend itself to good lighting. He hopes that his aim here is as true as it is with his handgun and says, “You didn't ruin anything, Jack. You couldn't ruin it. We'll look out for you and we'll always look out for you. You belong here.”
His heart was in his throat when he’d touched down in the field, full of fear, angel blade in hand. He’d been prepared to fight off whatever poor idiot had caught Dean unawares, but there was no one there.
Cas says, “Goodnight, Dean.” Dean can't think of anything to say that isn't, “Hey, you should come to my room and just lay near me. This isn't even a sex thing. I'm just asking for you to be near me while I’m unconscious because apparently I'm a fucking crazy person,” so he doesn't say anything at all.
They spend half a day retreading the information they’ve gathered, but with fresher eyes. When the first pass leaves them as frustratedly blank as the last several days, they review it a third time. They’re leaning towards a Djinn draining the blood, accounting for the length of time between the grabs and the drops. Dean mutters angrily about Djinn as a whole, but also searches ruins and abandoned homes as potential nests. There are a couple of creatures that could be responsible for the organs, but Eileen and Dean are operating on the “find one monster and it should lead us to the other” school of thought.
. Then
She’s beautiful, really. Perfect in an imperfect way. Dean, though he knows it’s too much, loves her. She’s so careful with Sam, so kind, so insanely loving. She’s smart, and she doesn’t let Sam spend too much time wrapped up in his head. She drags him into having fun, a skill Dean knows he lost years ago.
Dean smiles. It’s wide and genuine as he signs back, “Same.” He doesn’t say it out loud, but his eyes crinkle with his smile when he signs, “I’m bisexual.”
The stupid plastic lane divider smacks back in a distinctly unsatisfying way. Dean punches it again.
The song feeds his anger, calms it. Dean controls the flood. He listens to the song one last time before pausing. In the silence, he tries to chase the rush of relief he’d felt at Cas leaving. The loosening he only ever feels when he’s truly alone.
Dean slams the computer shut, and stifles a wince when it snaps closed with more force than he intended. Sorry, Sammy.
Dean taps out the rhythm on the coffee mug and smiles to himself. Cas made him a mixtape. Castiel, angel of the lord, sat down and made him a mixtape of weird instrumental music and songs about free will.
Of Rust and Bone sings out
This song proves beyond any doubt what Dean already knows: his love is the same kind of destructive thing that lit up his childhood home. Cas knows that Dean is a violent man, and that
“Maybe. l just —” There’s that frown again. “Am I being over-protective?”
Just Dean. Scrambling away, shielding his face.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Dean snaps, even though he knows. Dean is a coward, and Cas is calling him on it. Anger rises by the league. “Why were you even looking for me?”
Cas makes eye contact with him once while Untouched is playing, and Dean has to duck his head as the blush spreads across his cheeks. He glances up at Cas a moment later, expecting something — annoyance, maybe — and is blindsided by a look of such complete fondness that Dean doesn't even realize that Khooneye Ma has started playing. Cas steps closer and simply says, “Thank you for the movie, Dean.”
Dean had been, well, maybe not
“I’m bisexual,” she says aloud, simultaneously repeating the movement. He probably just doesn’t know the sign.
He taps out lyrics clumsily on his phone so he can figure out what songs he wants to listen to later, basically transcribing half of the next song on the set list until he realises he’s probably just going to want to listen to all of it.
Cas’s eyes might have been saying something too, but Dean wouldn’t know. He hadn’t been able to look Cas in the eyes.
“I don't know if anyone ever told you. I don't…I don't know what you know.” Dean chokes, then starts again, because Jack is a child, and he can't be expected to know if Dean doesn't tell him. “I was in Hell when I first met your father — uh, Cas, I mean, not Lucifer. He dragged me out, and left me this nifty souvenir.” It's a good thing Jack has his hand curled around his arm because it stops Dean from smacking his own face with it.
He thinks of the Mark singing out to the First Blade, his body singing out to Amara. Dorothy continues with
Her phone lights up before she can work herself into a genuine concussion. The message is from Sam, so she opens it without thinking. For some reason, the video starts on Max. His smiling face fills the screen before the camera tilts over his shoulder. Eileen can see Sam, eyes furrowed in concentration, light flickering at the end of his finger tips in a fuzzy haze before slowly coalescing into the shape of a revolving rose. Sam’s eyes snap open. He startles himself with a delighted laugh, losing focus and scattering the light. Eileen can almost feel the rumble of his chest from here. She grins.
“Castiel says nicknames are a sign of affection.” Dean flicks his eyes back to Cas before letting them settle, presumably, on Zadkiel.
“What, Sam? You want to go do hippie shit in a forest. As long as I don’t have to come with, I couldn’t care less.”
She decides to get coffee on the road.
Over the next few days, Cas flew the length of the earth with his brethren, watching them twist and soar. Jack lost, good-naturedly, in the third round. Michael outpaced most of the angels easily, but Indra put up a surprising fight, surpassing Michael at the last second in the quarterfinals. He left Adam howling with laughter, telling Michael that he’d be in better shape if he stopped teleporting everywhere.
Hell. I was actually condemned to it. I made…” and here he flounders for a way to say it, to verbally profess
Dean fiddles with the case, rubbing his finger over the rigid ribbing on the back of the plastic cassette cover, distracting himself with the sound.
“Yeah. Hell, we were long over before I died the first time.”
Eventually, Dean makes out words —
Eventually, breakfast breaks up, Jack offering to take Patience back to college if she’ll give him a tour, Eileen taking off for the road. Goodbyes momentarily distract Sam from building a reading list.
“Look,” Sam begins, and this expression Cas knows well — it’s earnest implorement. Sam wears it when he really needs someone to believe what he’s saying. Jack wears it when he really wants something that Cas has already denied him. “Dean is complicated. He…I don’t think there is anything he wouldn’t suffer through to protect us. Don’t…” Sam actually looks somewhat pained. Cas runs through the whole conversation rapidly five times and realises that Sam has somehow taken Cas’s comment as an insult. He is trying to defend Dean.
Patience laughs out loud at that. Dean shoots her a wink. Alex rolls her eyes at him, but it's with clear affection. Eye rolling is basically a declaration of love with these girls.
Dean doesn't calm down. Dean barks out gruff orders about never pointing a gun somewhere you don't intend to shoot it, like the fucking hypocrite he is, and once Jack's expression has collapsed so far south it's probably at the equator, Dean storms out.
Dean wanders to the Buick, lifts up its hood, and sets to work rooting through the other parts. It wasn’t what he had planned to do today, since it’s long and dirty work, but it has to be done.
“He’s, honestly, he’s kinda an asshole half the time. But he’s kind.” Dean clarifies, aware that he’s digging so deep he can see China, and yet, still fucking digging. “And like you said, he’s smart, but he’s not like...a dick about it. I mean, he’s seen the entirety of human history — him and Sam can nerd out like you wouldn’t believe — but he doesn’t care that I don’t know that stuff. He just —” God, Jesus, Dean sounds like a 12 year old girl with a crush. He’d started out pretty strong, but now he’s basically mumbling. He goes to pick up his coffee mug, realises it's empty with his hand halfway there, and sorta just fumbles it.
By the time he's tuned back in, he barely picks up the singer saying
She’s maybe falling in love with Sam Winchester, and Dean Winchester is gonna meet her at a dinner in 15 minutes to get caught up on the case. Dean. Who raised Sam.
Patience, who Dean is just now remembering was raised Methodist, gives him a withering look and says, “How did that lead them to you?”
The lyrics of the next song come on almost immediately, and Dean feels his focus sharpen at the plaintive tone. The music picks up with the chorus. Dean tries to listen to the words, but he’s focused on how sad, how desperate it sounds. It’s somewhere near “the price was my life” or the aborted “you bastard, I believed in —” It’s
The tape starts at Khooneye Ma, which is where he'd paused it yesterday, but Dean feels a weird uneasiness, so he fast forwards to the last few seconds of the Make Me Feel remix and waits for the song to switch over. He doesn't even open his computer, even though he's ostensibly at his desk to look for a case.
Figuring now is as good a time as any, he rewinds the whole tape and starts treating the deck.
I mean, maybe Cas didn't mean it as, like, Sex. God, Dean's brain actually hurts with the hoops he's jumping through to figure out why on Jack's green Earth Cas put this song on the mixtape.
“You good, kiddo?” he asks, winding around her in a wide berth to reach the trash can. She starts — a sure sign that she’s not good.
Jack is deceptively light. Dean chalks this up to him being 80% cosmic entity and 20% corporeal form, as well as literally being only 3 years old. It's not hard to carry him to his room. Getting the door open is a little harder than it was when Sammy was small, but Dean had been smaller then, too.
That one is interesting. Sam, it made sense. He was sweet, and also a naturally curious person. He’s always interested in his own betterment, wanting to know more. Plus, sex is a hell of a motivator. Dean hadn’t struck her as someone who’d go out of his way, but he admitted that he’d spent time (and by his skill, a LOT of time) learning ASL just for Eileen.
Dean’s eyes were still rimmed in red when Cas departed.
Is Cas saying he lost faith in Dean, that he lost his faith for Dean? Or is Cas saying Dean’s lost faith in everything?
This is why Eileen volunteers as bait — she’s a big fan of giving the shitty job to the interns. Dean laughs when she explains her thinking, but signs back “anything for you, boss.”
Dean tries not to relate.
He can’t go to the bunker, and he can’t stay in the soft beauty of the field. He can’t do anything but sink lower into the driver's seat. When that's too comfortable, he pops in the mixtape and lets the love he destroyed pipe out of Baby’s tape deck.
No, wait, they’re actually gone. He looks back to Cas, who is wringing the reconstituted headphones between his hands, twisting them so hard that they may actually snap again.
By the time he pulls into the garage, Dean’s tucked Hell safely back into his ribcage. He’s able to smile at a tired Sammy sitting in the kitchen, easy as breathing.
Sam’s shocked to hear him say it though. Into Sam’s stunned silence, Dean adds, “I’m good with who you are.”
those?!”
She discards her sunglasses in the passenger seat, even though the sun hurts her eyes and the sparkle of blue is a bit distracting. She revels in knowing she won’t be caught off guard, in knowing that Sam and Dean understand it without her having to explain.
He can’t.
But he knows, somehow —
And Jack, because Jack really is only a 3 year old at the end of the day, even if he has all the knowledge of the cosmos crammed into his noggin, starts crying.
is also
Sam can be a bit over-protective, but she gets it’s a him problem, not a problem he has with her. Still, if this was some sort of elaborate shovel talk situation, Sam would probably interfere before Dean put her in the ground.
Things with Sam have been good though. Great, even. Dean’s probably not planning to murder her. Unless she’s wildly misreading things, which she isn’t. She’s not stupid.
With new resolve, Dean hits play.
However, none of this explains why Dean is standing awkwardly in the command center, except that Cas is in the kitchen, which is where Dean was headed before he realized that Cas was in the fucking kitchen.
“Uh. Heaven, I guess.” Sam shifts his attention to Dean when Dean speaks. The Winchesters communicate with more eyebrows than Cas thinks are strictly necessary.
He can almost hear Cas's careful correction to Dean's take, too. “Dean,” he'd say, frown tugging at his lips, and nothing but bald honesty in his eyes. “I performed miracles, but I didn't believe in them until I met you.” Like that's a sentence that makes any kind of sense.
X Ambassador starts up again. This time, the feeling bubbles into a boil. Dean feels his hand clench around the walkman, blinking against the water in his eyes.
Sam would be justified in hating Dean. Dean gets that. But Sam doesn’t. Sam loves him.
Because here were the facts: Castiel loves him. Cas is in love with him, but also. Cas didn't want him to know, and he'd only told him with the intention of fucking off and dying forever. So, Cas loves him — but he doesn't want him. And Dean knew this. He knew this because Cas's words rattle around in his head anytime there is a silence for more than two seconds. Because he pulled them apart one hundred times, in every lull in conversation, and every time the music took too long to flip over to the next song. Like right then, the silence stretching between them as Cas stared at Dean and Dean valiantly tried not to think
Dean coughs, tries to find a place to look where he doesn’t need to make any eye contact. He can't think of any reasonable response except, well, Cas isn't a man. “He's an angel.”
