“When my mother passed,” Loki says, and Tony’s fingers come to a stop on the zipper, “I felt it. That’s not unusual; we were both magic wielders, and she had trained me. We were…close.”
He’s got strong leather cuffs, steel chain. Tony’s not a supersoldier, but he’s no slouch. They’re built for someone a little more powerful than the average baseline human. He wraps them around Steve’s wrists, first one, then the other. Steve doesn’t say anything, just watches him with dark eyes. The breaths he takes are deep, enough to swell his chest, to make all the fine lines of his obliques stand out in powerful, mouth-watering shapes that Tony desperately wants to get his mouth on. His eyes are guarded, and after he’s done Tony leans in to kiss him, slow and humming with pleasure.
One of the government rats clears his throat, and Tony spears the entire table with a flat glare, eyes narrowed as he searches for answers. He’s always hated these clandestine emergency meetings with defence higher-ups. They always end up being full of major fuckups that need fixing, and somehow he’s always the one they want to fix it. Today, it seems, is no different.
Tony shrugs and sits next to Thor, bumping their shoulders together. “Sometimes talking is easier between strangers than family. The two of you have a lot of baggage. Like, a metric shit tonne of baggage. Enough to fill a shipping container. Hell, enough to fill a barge.”
Tony sighs. He closes his eyes. “Maybe he’s not ready,” he says.
“This is your asset?” Rhodey asks.
“Roleplay,” Steve said, encouraging now. He slid his hands up Tony’s stomach, slow, dragging his sweat-soaked t-shirt with him. “Let’s pretend that I was jealous, and you appeased me by telling me how handsome I am, and now we’ve skipped to the makeup sex.”
“Uh. I don’t think so.”
“That is your job, yes,” Tony says. He drags the other pillow over his face, ignoring that it smells like a horrifically intoxicating blend of Steve and Loki. “Fuck. Fucking fuck. I’m going back to sleep.”
“Thor saw her hit me and didn’t notice a damn thing,” Tony says sighing. “Look, there’s no evidence of it affecting my relationships with anyone else on the team, right?”
“’Cause it’s always you,” Steve murmurs, closing his eyes, because he can’t bear looking at Tony any longer. He rests his forehead on his bent wrists, incapable and devastated, as always, by Tony’s excruciating self-deprecation and selflessness. “You’re always the one not taking care of yourself.”
Steve nodded, scraping the bottom of the container for the last few grains of rice. “That’s probably the smartest choice,” he agreed.
“Next time,” he says.
“Well, that’s not like you,” Reed says. Reasonably, Steve thinks. Reed even looks a little affronted. There’s something quietly charming about his flailing attempts. It speaks, if nothing else, to his love for Tony. “There’s always something to do. When something’s wrong, we fix it, don’t we?”
He’s sitting on the couch that Steve has claimed for his own, so much so that it smells like him. Cloves and oranges, like old-fashioned Christmas. Warm leather in the sun. Clean castile soap. It’s a lovely, traditional alpha scent, and the part of Tony that isn’t fully conquered by his rational mind wants nothing more than to slather himself in it. He wants Steve to scent mark him, taste him until their scents combine into something new.
Hawkeye pops the hatch and Bruce jumps out mid-air, bones cracking and green racing over his skin as he drops to the ground like a rock in front of the entrance to the building, crashing through the front door and tearing into the first few guards stationed there. Thor follows, lightning crackling above as storm clouds gather, lightning sparking through the grey of what had once been benign cumulus.
“Rhodey, a little help,” he calls, and holds his hands up for Rhodey to pull him out of the mud in a flyover, but the woman in white shoots them down, and they tumble into a heap with a loud clatter. Amora glances around the battlefield, then off into the distance. Barnes pushes himself to his feet. The enhanced drags herself up from the ground, wiping dirt from her eyes.
Later, Tony will be inordinately glad that Steve stopped himself from demanding that Tony let him tonguefuck him after he’d been working for twenty hours straight in the garage without a shower or sleep. Much later. For now, he grips his fingers in Steve’s hair and gasps, dizzying oxygen skittering through his sparking neurons and setting off fireworks behind his eyes.
The growl that Tony loosed was entirely predictable, as was the sharp bite he delivered to Steve’s bondmark. The pleasure of it still made him shout, back arching up off the bed as he squirmed against Tony, under him, gasping and shaking as Tony began to fuck him in earnest, hard enough that he had to brace a hand against the headboard.
“Okay,” Steve said, shifting awkwardly on his feet. He’d chosen to stand between the stove and the island and eat that way, so he could face them properly. Natasha and Tony had taken two of the stools facing in, and as he watched Tony swivelled his so he could face her, holding his coffee mug between them like it was a shield.
“Moi?” Tony presses a hand to his chest, then offers her a wink. “I’m a genius, Maria. I could never.”
Steve grins at him, then hums in consideration. “Does that make you even more brilliant now than you were before?”
“Soulmates,” Tony repeats.
he tells himself wryly. He takes a slow breath in. Breathes out.
“Call Widow for backup, we’re not that far out.”
“-so I wrote the eval that would hurt you the most, and make you want to join the Avengers,” Natasha finishes smoothly, and behind Tony, there’s a sound, like Steve is choking.
Tony waves a hand and climbs into the back of the car, scooting over to make room for Steve. “Let me guess, Pepper spoke to Happy, and Happy and his big mouth?”
“Gyrich,” Loki repeats, stubborn, and Tony sighs against the steady thump of his pulse. He closes his eyes to the smell of him. “Explain. You are upset, and keeping things to yourself unnecessarily.”
“We can’t let Barnes ruin this meeting,” Tony says, panic overtaking him again. “We can’t.”
“Because I think you’re really drunk, and you’re probably going to regret this when you’re sober again.”
“I think whoever it was got hired to do exactly this but on a bigger scale. And so far, they’ve gotten away with it.” He frowns. “I need to call Maria. And Reed. And probably some other people.”
“Guess the secret’s out, then,” Tony joked. His voice was dry, broken, and still the sound of it pierced Steve sure as any of Clint’s arrows. It hurt, more than he thought it would, a wild ache swimming in his sternum. He covered his nose and mouth with his arm, taking deep breaths of Tony’s scent from the hoodie. “Sorry.”
“Your minx,” Steve corrected, opening his mouth, and Tony fed him another spoonful, then leaned down to lick half of it out of Steve’s mouth.
love what it loves.
“I know, sweetheart. I know. You’re overwhelmed, huh? But I promise, it’ll be so good-”
“You make the same damned stew every time, Sheriff,” Tony said gruffly, turning to hang his apron on the hook by the forge.
“Hydra?” Steve asks, sounding exhausted, and Tony huffs a laugh.
“Filthy little minx,” Tony growled, but there was nothing but affection in his voice, and Steve melted under the praise. “You’re one to talk about being easy.”
“You’re reckless,” Loki says, sounding somewhat astounded. Tony pops the faceplate and grins at him.
And then he’d cursed himself, because Stark was his own man, damnit. He’d proven it fourteen times over, for better or worse.
“Stark…”
“Cap, shut up,” he grunts between his teeth. Steve, predictably, ignores him.
, Steve thinks, remembering the way Tony had looked when Steve had waylaid him in the elevator.
Steve’s mouth trails up his jaw, his tongue dipping into Tony’s ear and turning his knees to jelly. One arm slips around Tony’s waist, one hand hooks his knee, and then he’s being held open against the wall, legs spread, pinned like a moth to a board with Steve moaning into his mouth. He twines his fingers into Steve’s hair, something he’s always wanted to do, and the rasp of a sharp edge of cardboard slicing into his knuckles pulls him out of the moment.
He slipped an arm under Steve’s hips, tugging him where he wanted him. Then he hummed, thoughtful, dragging two fingers over the curve of Steve’s ass. There was the distinct sound of Tony sucking on his own fingers, and Steve glanced back over his shoulder to catch the sight of him. His eyes were closed, brows furrowed slightly as he groaned, and Steve could feel a fresh wave arousal and slick wash over him at the sight.
It was conspiratorial. Tony knows that, rationally. Cap was making a joke, about Irish stereotypes and disingenuous displays of ethnic pride, and yet. And yet, Tony finds himself leaning up, Steve’s eyes widening, those bright baby blues gleaming under the harsh worktop lights Tony’s set up to illuminate his work station.
Tony pressed two fingers inside of him, the same two he’d used inside Steve’s mouth. He pulled his mouth away, biting sharply at the soft curve of Steve’s arse. His thumb swept a firm line over Steve’s perineum, and Steve whined and rocked back into his touch.
“I’m gonna go,” he says.
Loki snaps his hips sharply, making Tony cry out. It’s muffled by Loki’s fingers pressing against his tongue. “Have I lost your attention?”
Steve gets the feeling that Evan would blush if he could. He dips his head and shakes out a no, then opens up the car door without meeting Steve’s eyes.
“You’re so good,” Tony said, and Steve whined at the praise, his whole body rocking forward. “Gorgeous, fuck,
Pls leave a comment if you enjoyed! I don’t write just straight filth v often (I think this is my second ever PWP type fic, although I didn’t tag it as such because it’s a little too plotty for that) so lmk what you thought. I really like the idea of continuing this series, so if that interests y'all maybe instead of me just pulling prompts off the kinkmeme and continuing in this vein, people can also comment w/ things they’d like to see Steve/Tony subjected to? This is a v fun stress reliever.
“Alright,” Maria says, shaking her head. She steps between the two men, and types her login into the computer. “If we’re doing this, we’re doing it. Tony, get ready. This has gotta be quick.”
“Just the cape?”
“Yeah.”
“JARVIS,” Steve said, evenly enough as he set up his pastels. “You shouldn’t have. I didn’t even get you anything.”
“They were defence contractors,” the professor corrects, albeit gently. “Stark in particular is on record as having been able to field strip an M1911 in under seven seconds by the time he was three years old. According to one
“You did plenty,” Steve said warmly, leaning in to kiss him again. “Mm. God, I just want to lie here on top of you.”
After, Steve follows Tony up to the penthouse.
is unspoken, but sits on his face just as clear as if the words had been spoken. “JARVIS. JARVIS knows. JARVIS, was Bucky in the footage we watched together?”
Guiltily, Steve had printed off a full colour copy of the picture. He’s never needed to paint anything more in his whole life.
knows why, beyond maybe avoiding Fatal Attraction.”
Reed turns to glance at Tony over his shoulder, one eyebrow raising almost comically. There is an uncomfortably inhuman quality to his expression when he loses track of himself like this: like he’s a caricature of himself.
“But I want to stay with you,” Steve murmurs. One large, calloused hand slides sweetly over Tony’s stomach, lingering, and Tony can’t help but let out a thin sigh of pleasure. “I’ve waited so long for this.”
“It counts,” Steve said firmly, and the last of the tension fled Tony’s body. Steve petted his chest gently, smoothing his fingers over Tony’s scars. “I don’t have to marry with you to stay with you. Or bond. I want you to know. I’ll stay no matter what.”
“Maybe she’s so assured because they’re married,” Steve mused.
Steve pulls away, irritation flaring up before he shoves it back down into his chest. “I’m not so messed up that I don’t know what I’m saying, Tony. This isn’t out of the blue, or-”
“You’re making fun of me,” Steve says wryly, but the thing is, Tony
“You think I am being controlled,” she says, slowly. She’s barely even breathing heavily. The only sign of fatigue is the way she’s holding her body; slightly to the left, from where Cap had caught her ribs. Then, strangely, she steps back once, twice, and falls into a kind of parade rest. Steve and Clint freeze, watching her with narrowed eyes. “JARVIS, is that true?”
Pepper rolls her eyes, motioning to the baggage assistant to put her luggage in the trunk of Tony's car. "What happened to my driver?"
“Fool.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve shook his head, closing his eyes to block the sight of Tony so close to him and yet impossible to touch. “You have nothing to apologise for.” He took a deep breath, counted to four, let it out. He could do this. He was Captain America. He could be brave. “I owe you an apology, actually.”
Steve opens his eyes. “Franklin, I need you to help me out. I need to talk to your dad, okay? Can you go get him?”
The reason that they were only talking about Steve’s next heat was this: Steve had tentatively brought up the idea of a bond, and Tony had completely shut him down. There was no casual brush-off, no awkward laugh, nothing to disguise the truth of what he was feeling. Instead, Tony had just said “Absolutely not,” and shut down entirely, done with the conversation. He’d retreated to his workshop for three days without coming up for air or food once.
“I think about it a lot,” Tony admits quietly, and Steve turns to look down at him, intrigued. All he can see is the barest sliver of Tony’s face; his temple, his ear, a bit of eyelash. His expression is placid. “He said it was ok to have those kinds of feelings privately, but I couldn’t act on them, because it reflected badly on him, the business, my mother-...” Tony huffs, blowing some of the hair out of his eyes. A single, perfect curl falls back onto his brow, and Steve wants nothing more than to push his finger through it. He puts both his hands back on the leg of the armour, where it’s safe to touch as much as he likes. “It was really careful phrasing, y’know? And I was smart, even then. I knew what he was implying. But I was so…angry, I guess. So I told him just because he’d spent his whole life in the closet, doesn’t mean I had to.”
“I just told you what I want,” Steve says. His voice is plaintive, helpless, and Tony closes his eyes. “You’re upset.”
Tony knows that Barnes had been frozen and unfrozen over years. He can imagine it. Barnes had been a mercenary, pulled out to perform tasks as Hydra needed. It wasn’t a stretch to envision that the Red Room operatives had commissioned the world’s most revered assassin to train their own. He wonders idly how much Russia paid for him, amusing himself with his own joke:
“If you’re there, Steve, you’ve been very naughty,” Tony says, and Steve’s head snaps up to look at him. Tony, true to Steve’s predictions, is entirely naked as he roots around in his drawer for a pair of briefs. “Haunting me, huh? Why not go bug Stephen? He’s the ghost guy.”
, Steve thinks, then startles when Xavier laughs.
“If I get it out with this in five tries, you’ve gotta play me.”
“What’re you thinking about?”
“1.5x speed, J.”
Steve huffs a put-upon sound, halfway between a laugh and a sigh. His body relaxes a little in Tony’s hold, and it’s almost like it’s just them—alone, late afternoon on a Thursday, bickering over takeout. “Most people like an attentive beau,” he says. He reaches up and brushes over Tony’s cheek with one red gloved thumb. “I’m just tryin’ to do right by my fella.”
Steve shrugs, a wry smile breaking over his face. “No one is responsible for anyone else.” He laughs a little, more tired than he’d like. He doesn’t have to mention Bucky; he’s always the elephantine ghost in the room, the trailing and unspoken sorrow of his past tracing him through the present. Still, “It took me a while to be able to say that.” On most days, he still doesn’t believe it.
“We’re outmatched,” Tony says, still panting a little, and Loki puts one of Tony’s hands on his throat. He can feel Loki’s pulse under his hands, slow and steady, and it grounds him within the room. “JARVIS, Mind Riot?”
Tony smiles, face still pressed into Bruce’s bicep. He takes a long drag of his scent, breathes out slow. “What do I do if not make history, Brucey Bear?”
“Pray I get out of this shitshow alive,” Tony says, flashing a grin and a jaunty salute.
Steve wet his lips, thinking for a minute. He glanced towards the stairs. “Okay.”
Williams (“Call me Riri, please, Miss just sounds weird.”) was bright as they’d expected, with the kind of sweetness to her that only youth could bring. She wasn’t naïve, by any means; her calm throughout the whole situation as well as the way she’d reacted during the initial fight spoke to that. But she was a welcome delight while the Avengers cleared the silo one section at a time. Halfway through they ran out of zip ties, but by that time SHIELD had shown up to start carting them off to wherever SHIELD dumped all the violent fascist thugs the Avengers rounded up on these missions. Honestly, Steve was surprised they could even find grunts to keep jumping on the wire for them. He would have thought they’d run out eventually.
“But then, I guess I was the one who let you die.”
“And whose choice was that?” Steve asks mildly. He glances around, then circles back to the trash can on the corner. He peers down into the bin, then smiles and rolls up his sleeves. “Nice.”
He remembers, suddenly, and with great remorse, the feel of Edwin Jarvis’ long, bony arms curled around his shoulders, the way his skin was always smooth and cool and smelled of old fashioned soap. He takes a look around the darkening workshop, then looks up at the ceiling and tries to get his bearings again.
“Would JARVIS tell me?”
“Thanks, Jim,” Steve says, and Jim laughs ruefully.
that Steve liked his scent. Whatever else Tony feels for him, Steve could tell that much. And that’s a kind of permission on its own, isn’t it? So fine, Tony had gotten overwhelmed and freaked out after, but Steve isn’t going to push. He understands that Tony isn’t ready. But it seemed like it was ok, after that, to think about it in his own mind. It seems like Tony might…want him, eventually. Maybe. Or at least, that some part of him enjoyed being able to affect Steve like that.
Mostly, Tony builds suits. A suit for everything, anything he can imagine. Suits for drilling, and suits for building, and suits for stealth and speed. He develops a remote interface that allows him to send JARVIS to help the Port Authority with damage to the Roosevelt Island Tramway while he’s 140 feet below ground, examining the structural damage to the tunnels that carry the 7 train with a collection of city engineers. Nanites, he thinks, could slip into the existing cracks and reform, bolster and weld the steel until it’s stable enough to work around. The issue is that to fix the steel tubes that make up the arteries of the city, they’ll have to break the surrounding brick and concrete and replace the whole damaged section. Tony’s not sure if the tunnels are structurally sound enough to handle that level of invasive repair. One wrong move and the whole thing could come down around them.
“Yes.”
The cardboard crown falls to the floor as Tony tugs sharply at Steve’s hair to get his attention.
“No.”
“Oh, baby,” Tony murmured, mouthing gently at his cheeks and kissing away the wet tracks. “Shh, honey.”
“Has Tony…
. Is this normal?”
“Specious accusations,” Bruce says mildly. He digs his thumbs into Tony’s spine with particular viciousness, and Tony lets out a low, laughing groan.
"Information and occasional combat assistance in exchange for your relative freedom."
“Answer the question, Stark.”
Steve thought he was out of tears, after Tony’s stupid, incredible, self-deprecating eulogy. But once again, he is proven that the thing he has known for over a decade is still true: that Tony can wreck him, deeply and truly, unlike anyone else.
Tony grins when the footage appears on his tablet. “Good boy.”
“No, but I saw you move like something had bumped you.”
“It’s like,” he says, knowing Tony can’t hear him and feeling equally as though he cannot stay silent and a deep gratefulness for the time to work his thoughts out aloud. “It’s like when my ma managed to get something nice for me. Like a chocolate bar. And I’d hoard it and hoard it and hoard it, sometimes until it was crumbling and stale, because the idea of eating it was so daunting. What if there was never any more?”
“We’ll lose control,” Steve finishes, face hardening. “I have to find him.”
“You’re not obligated, you know,” Tony says, although it sounds distant to his own ears. He takes a slow breath. He’s so tired of this. “You can do whatever you want, Steve.”
“Then come,” he says. “This may take a while.”
“Yeah,” Steve says, smug now, and Tony huffs out a disbelieving laugh. “Come on, Tony.”
Cap backs him into the suit, the automatic defence systems confused by Cap’s questionable threat status and his designation as ally. The metal pushes into the gash in his back, and Tony opens his mouth in a wordless cry just as a mouth closes over his, chapped lips and sour sleep taste flooding his awareness as Tony freezes, eyes wide as he takes stock of the situation.
“You’re fucking stunning like this,” Tony tells him, awed in the old sense of the word. This is fathomless. He can’t believe he gets to have this. “Fucking hell, baby, look at you.”
Hope you're all enjoying deus ex Franklin, because he was super fun to write. This fic honestly made me want to write kidfic, which is something I've never wanted to do haha. Maybe I'll give Steve/Tony from Dream of Bells some kids. His characterisation is almost entirely based off of the comic where he and Val fight Norman Osborn, because I don't read F4 unfortunately. I know a little bit from looking in on the Fantastic Fam from other comics, but I don't read much of their stuff directly. Sorry if anything feels off to anyone.
Tony has never been enough to please anybody. Pepper. His parents. His exes. Obie. It shouldn’t be surprising that even with the rarest of bonds within his grasp, and a Bond Mate inextricably chained to him, he’s still not enough.
“Maybe,” he says, mostly because he needs to tell
“Let me do it,” he grouses, and Tony laughs. He leans over and ruffles Bruce’s hair. Slowly, they settle, until Tony’s leaning half into Bruce’s side. Bruce is warm, and softer than he looks. He smells like fresh homemade caramel.
“Quiet. Beautiful, this time of year.”
“Still exhausted,” Steve admitted, yawning again. He stretched his arms over his head, pointing his toes. He was putting on a show as much as he was actually stretching, and Tony eyed him with gratifying heat. The look he offered Steve was wry. “Not ready to share you yet.”
“I love you,” Steve murmured, more for himself than Tony. The small, aching smile on Tony’s face was all the response he received. “I’ll see you tomorrow, alpha.”
Steve clicked in the search bar, and with slow, steady fingers, typed in ‘testosterone cypionate-α injections.’
“Okay,” she said. “JARVIS, is Clint up?”
This is not how Tony thought this call was going to go. What's the phrase? No plan survives contact with the enemy? No, there's an even better one, considering the way Tony prefers to do science. He thinks it goes something like this: ‘In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice, there is.’ Here it is in practice. His soulmate: a soft-skinned, weirdly hairless, blonde artist with a heart of gold and a stubborn streak a mile wide. An alpha born in 1918, a time traveller who's both 27 and 94 years old, who'd spent hours on Tumblr trying to understand why his soulmate was so tetchy about dynamics, who crawled out of the dredges of internet SJW blogs as an omega rights activist. Out of all of the infinite combinations of DNA possible, his hypothalamus had chosen the body of a man who would drag himself across broken glass if Tony asked him to. This is the real Steve Rogers, and he’s just as impossible as Tony had been told from birth.
anything in this film,” Tony complains. “Merlin has what, two scenes? Why not just make this a generic fantasy film?”
“I cannot,” Loki says again, jaw working, eyes frantic, and Tony reaches out and grasps one wrist.
Tony doesn’t know how long he sits numbly, abandoned and alone, on an ash-stained lounge chair on his broken balcony. He manages not to fall apart, but instead it seems that the only other alternative is numbness. He doesn’t know where to go from here. He couldn’t have imagined this outcome: that he would open up to Steve, and Steve would reject him so thoroughly. He’d thought Steve would have at least been polite about it.
“Just wasn’t how I thought it’d be, that’s all,” he murmurs. He can feel himself getting tired, just from lying here. “Can’t complain though, really. I’m glad we talked.”
“Hate both those options,” Tony says, and Beth snorts.
“No,” he says magnanimously, “it’s alright. No hard feelings, right Rogers?”
“Murder!” she screams, and Tony winces. Loki’s never going to let this go.
“This is Fletcher Traynor. His mad scientist father was killed on a SHIELD op, and in his quest for revenge he turned himself into this toxic waste creature, codename Biohazard. He was, to be clear, born 100% human, and he was one of over a hundred prisoners being kept in a brainwashing internment camp in Connecticut known as Pleasant Hill. Remember that one? I know you all do.” He flicks through to another video, this time of Traynor throwing a teenage girl to the ground. “This is from five days ago. That girl is in a coma. Her name is Hayley Gonzalez. She may never walk again.” Tony pauses to read the room. It’s silent as a church on a Thursday. Only Collins is willing to meet his eye. “See, after the recent breakout, Traynor made his way to his native Brooklyn. Somehow his condition was triggered, and he tore through one of the most high-target areas of the city on a Sunday afternoon. There are fifty people injured right now, and four dead, including two-year-old Kamali Zaidi. He was trampled by the crowd and then crushed under falling debris.” Tony smiles mirthlessly. “I’ll spare you that video, but trust when I say I watched it, and it’s as horrible as you can imagine. Traynor was taken down after seventy-three minutes by Agent Barton with a chemical compound of my and Doctor Banner’s making, created same-day based on intel received from SHIELD. Barton and Romanov controlled the scene with SHIELD assistance while Banner and I worked in the lab.”
Tony loves, so deeply it hurts. It seems like the done thing, these days. It’s his fault, really, for keeping such astounding specimens around all the time. He’s just encouraging them to break his tinman heart.
“What?” Steve turns to face him. Tony’s nose skates over his brow, and Tony presses a soft kiss there, too, before he pulls back to meet Steve’s eyes.
“The Parker boy did something to May’s stove. Think you could have a looksee, figure out what’s what?”
“Just cleaning up.”
“Are you?” she’d asked, and Clint’s mouth had snapped shut, chagrined.
“I’m trying to help him,” Natasha interrupts. Her eyes turn sharp, narrow and impassioned as she addresses Steve. Tony restrains the urge to turn, to try and measure Steve’s expression. “That’s all I can say. I’ll swear to it, if that matters to you.”
“Damn,” he whispered, blinking rapidly to clear the blur from his eyes. He hadn’t felt this sick since before the serum. He never thought he’d feel like this again.
Tony hums. “Book it and then cancel within 24 hours. Not like I haven’t had to do that for work before.”
“Oh.”
S O M E T I M E S I F E E L L I K E W E A R E O N E, Steve tells him, and Tony pauses with his hands in a hologram, his eyes blinking in that way that says: processing, please hold.
And then, when Tony just looks sightlessly up at him, he taps it out:
The dream broke like cobwebs over his face, clinging vaguely to the edges of his consciousness as he sat up and rubbed at his eyes. He smiled distantly, remembering; that had been a really nice weekend.
“I look forward to working with you,” Steve said, and Stark furrowed his brow at him, a bemused smile taking over his face.
“Look, what do you want me to say, Pep? You’re always right, but this time you’re wrong. This isn’t on you. It’s on him.” He clears his throat, taps the arc reactor, steals a piece of pasta. “And you don’t make my life harder. I couldn’t tie my shoes without you, remember?”
Loki grins, following Tony back into the bedroom and watching him pull on his socks. He floats the towels back into the bathroom with a wave of his hand, and Tony tries not to think about how domestic this all is while he laces his sneakers.
Steve closes his eyes and listens to the choked, furious sob that wrenches its way out of Tony’s chest. His only regret is that he and Tony have finally patched things up. They’re finally friends again. Things have been good.
When the doors open to the workshop level, Steve pauses outside of the glass. Tony is bent over one of the suit’s helmets, the faceplate separated from the main piece while Tony pokes at the internal screen with a frustrated sneer. The bright red and gold reflect the workshop lights back against his olive skin, highlighting the sweat and grease on his forehead, his cheekbones. He looks a wreck, but Steve’s chest tightens anyway.
“A young whippersnapper, huh?” Steve quips, and Jim snorts. “I was hoping you could tell me where Tony is.” Steve just comes right out and says it. He and Rhodes are, in some ways, the same kind of animal. He knows this is the best tactic to getting his help, and so he puts on his best gee-golly-shucks expression and rubs the back of his neck, saying, “I think he’s avoiding me.”
Loki chuckles, looking up at Tony from beneath his lashes again. His eyes find the bruise on Tony’s cheek where he hit the wall, purple ringing the left side of his occipital. “That looks malicious, it’s true. Very good ammunition.” He licks his lower lip, considering. “I could soothe the pain without erasing the damage.”
“But you can make it so the rest of the team doesn’t want to worship at her feet, right?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Eventually, Tony seems to exhaust his options. He closes whatever programs he’d opened up. He takes ten seconds to press his palm to the cold glass above Steve’s face. Then he suits up and leaves the room with as little preamble as he arrived.
“You didn’t do anything wrong,” Steve said, wiping angrily at his face. Tony caught his wrist in one hand, pulling it away so he could kiss the tears from Steve’s eyes, and he was doing this all wrong. It was all wrong. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry, Tony. I’m so sorry-”
“You broke three ribs last time a building fell on you. One of your lungs collapsed before Thor was finally able to pull you out,” Pepper says, sounding exhausted.
“There are so many things I want to ask you,” Tony says, and Steve nods. His heart jumps into his throat as Tony leans in, brushes their noses together. “Steve.”
, guys?”
“Wanna go flying?” Steve asked him, and Tony turned around with his eyes glittering bright and jewel-like in his handsome face.
“That wasn’t what I asked.”
Tony’s mouth is suddenly dry. His thoughts must show on his face, because as he watches, Steve’s pupils dilate. His throat works once, twice, breath clicking in the fine column of his trachea. “Yeah?”
He’s going to go back to the tower and he’s going to talk to Tony. He’s going to be what Tony needs him to be. He’s going to figure this out.
Tony watches him in the mirror, running his toothbrush through the tap. “Amora seemed upset, when you died.”
Tony, notably, is still staring off into the middle distance. He looks…haunted. It’s quickly becoming a familiar expression, one that Steve hates, and so he sidles up next to him, bumps him gently with his hip. To his delight, Tony rocks a little with the motion, his head whipping around. His eyes are wide, flickering wildly.
Or any answer, really.
“Can you plug me?”
Tony turns, startled. His fingers freeze on the clasp of one titanium cufflink. “What?”
“Bless you,” Steve says under his breath, before he can stop himself. Peter laughs. “Thanks, Spidey.”
“Tash, I love you, now get out.”
“You should take the job with SHIELD,” Tony tells him. He means it, too. “It’ll be good for you to have direction. All these months, and I finally figured you out. You get so restless when you’re bored. You need routine. You’re like a human golden retriever. You’re running out of things to fix in the city, and so you’ve become desperate to fix us. But I can’t…" Tony's voice breaks. He's not proud of it. He pushes on, because he has to. He has to get this out. "I can’t be your North Star, Steve. I can’t be your life raft when I’m drowning. Routine is my anathema. I’m a fucking mess. And I need to stay here and get my company and my life back on track.”
“Just hear me out,” she said, and Steve narrowed his eyes at her. “You both know I can’t bond.”
The way Steve saw it, the omega was the child-bearer, and thus, they were built to be strong enough to protect a child. The common story went that while the alphas were out fighting their wars, and the betas were the foot soldiers, the omegas stayed safe and pampered at home. But history could easily prove that false; in much of both East and South Asia, in Norway, in indigenous American communities, omegas had long been known to be ferocious fighters. Omega bushi in Kamakura Japan, the omega
When the pain comes, it feels like every punch that’s ever hit him, all at once. Then teeth, or maybe needles, a million pinpricks of light over every inch of his skin. Phantom creatures tear at his body, consuming him.
So here we are! So, that just took…huh, like almost 100k words to get them to this place. Now if only they can keep going with the whole…open, honest communication thing for another few thousand words and we’ll all be set, huh?
“Tony,” Steve gasps, nails curling deliciously against the nape of Tony’s neck, and Tony runs his tongue around the shell of Steve’s ear.
And, fuck, that’s a command. “Uh,” Tony says, mind scrambling. “I don’t-” Nope. “Are you-… I’ve…” Steve shifts, and Tony lets out a low moan, suddenly aware he’s painfully hard between them. “Fuck, it’s…kind of hard to think when you’re blowing my mind with how fucking hot you are, Cap.”
“Nobody can see me except you,” he confesses. “You’re the first person I’ve been able to talk to since I died.”
Tony is halfway back to despair when he returns. His hands—ever steady as they solder and spot weld, as they build the shape of new machines, new beings—tremble ever so slightly as they reach out, fingers spread, searching for Steve in the open air. When Steve goes to him, worried that his ability to touch will fail him in this crucial moment, Tony takes his face between his calloused palms and presses their foreheads together. He closes his eyes and breathes in and out, as though he’s trying to remember Steve’s scent.
His expression is manic, and over his shoulder Tony can see the approaching quinjet, a black spot quickly becoming bigger. The Hulk drops out of it like a bowling ball, and Skurge begins to twitch. “Do you think you can defeat me, Tony Stark? I’ve been watching you. I could ruin you, easily and completely, send you tipping headfirst into madness without ever having to crush your damaged mortal form.”
“Don’t shut me out,” Steve says, softer now. Tony swallows, glances away. “If I’m not saying the right things, explain it to me.” Tony’s mouth twists, and Steve cuts whatever cruelty is building there off at the knees. “I’m sorry I hit you, I should have never without the suit. It’s not an excuse, but Amora really rattled me up. It won’t happen again, and if it does I will gladly let Pepper kick me out.” Tony snorts. “Nobody can get me worked up like you can, Tony. Those things that you said…they hit something in me, from when I was a kid.”
“Jesus fuck, look at you,” Tony whispered, and Steve moaned his agreement. “Your mouth is pornographic, you know that?”
“This is going to end so badly,” Bruce says, and Steve makes some noise and moves into their line of sight, pushing his damp hair back nervously.
, he decides, getting to his feet warily. Adrenalin had prevented him from noticing the pain yesterday, but oh, now he notices it. At the thought of yesterday his brain flashes helpfully to the image of Tony pushed up against the suit, lips red and spit-slick as he stared at Steve with a mix of shock and fright. In retrospect, Steve recognises the fear for what it was; Tony’s reaction to the sorry state he’d been in. He hadn’t been afraid of Steve. He’d been afraid
“Captain,” she says, evenly, and Steve swallows. He holds up the small bouquet of asphodel and hyacinths he’d brought with him, now looking so foolish and plebeian in the face of Pepper’s composure. He always felt this way around women like Pepper, but this was particularly embarrassing, when he knows that he’s done something wrong to earn her ire. It’s worse than just the generalised anxiety and wrongness that he always feels around beautiful, competent women; this was personal, and justified. He knows exactly how kind Pepper can be, when she thinks one is deserving of it. He’d simply been moved out of that category, and into one that Tony needed protecting from.
He started up the stairs, trusting Rogers to follow him. Halfway up, he heard the door close behind him, the tread of Rogers’ boots on the steps. Tony shucked his own boots off at the top of the steps, opening the door to his rooms and turning to stoke the fire. It was just beginning to get chilly in Timely, and Tony’s joints ached easy. Rogers would never admit it, but he hated the cold; it reminded him too much of sleeping rough in the war, and as such the rooms in the jailhouse were always sweltering. It was the one indulgence of an otherwise frugal man, and Tony found it vaguely endearing.
Tony could barely stop himself before. Now, with Steve pliant in his arms, he doesn’t even try. One tentacle slithers up between them, curling over Steve’s chest, pressing suckers all over him until one secures over a nipple. The sound Steve makes is nearly a squeak, his face burning, his eyes wide and dark with desire.
Steve sets him on the chair that Tony keeps in the bathroom, then goes about fiddling with the taps. He’d made a bit of fun when he’d seen it the first time—“What do you need an armchair in the bathroom for, Tony?”—but Tony was certainly grateful for it now. The tiles are blood-curdlingly cold against his sensitive skin.
“I am on deadline, Steven,” Tony begins, and Steve laughs. He takes Tony’s tied wrists in his hands, untangling his t-shirt and pulling it back over Tony’s head, his shoulders. He breaks the plastic wrap with one firm tug.
Bruce nods, absently, already delving into the problem himself. Tony shakes his head, knowing that Bruce’s attention has been lost already. He’s even worse than Tony when it comes to the scientist haze.
“Only two. I think you should clear them and then get Doctor Banner down here, stat. I think it’ll be okay now. You’ve taken out almost everyone else in the building, and if he’s with you Tony says he won’t get set off. Tony’s really hungry.”
“Certainly, sir.”
Still. It’s harder than it should be to agree to treatment, even if he’s already told Tony he would do it. He’d spent so much of his life sick. It feels like defeat.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve flinches. His fingers tighten reflexively around Tony’s.
Hill nods, standing. She pauses in front of the armchair for a moment. “You should talk to Stark,” she says, sternly. Then she’s gone, heels clicking off towards the elevator.
“If you don’t know, we’re both in trouble,” Steve says, a wry smile cresting over his face like the sun, and that’s just not fair. “Tony, you…God, how long?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Loki says, expression deadpan, and Tony raises an eyebrow at him.
“There,” Rogers said warmly, his breath ruffling the hair at the nape of Tony’s neck. “I reckon you can handle the rest?”
Instead of hanging around on the street where he’ll just be frustrated and in the way, Tony decides to head back home to the tower. He’s not going to be much use with the clean-up in this state, and he doesn’t expect he’ll see Stephen for a while. These big, potentially world-ending events tended to require a few days mopping up. And he
“Call Loki?” Tony repeats. “I can’t just call Loki, what do you mean “call Loki?” Do you think he has a phone?”
He waved a hand, yawning again, then padded back into the darkness of the bedroom and climbed into bed. He left the door open in obvious invitation, and Steve stood and let himself bask in the scent of being in a fellow omega’s space, the scent of a packmate calming him just a little. Eventually, he walked into the kitchen and pulled out a soup container full of pad kra pao. He popped it into the microwave and watched it spin.
Steve pulled a glass from the cabinet and set it on the counter, then opened the fridge and set to pouring himself some juice. Maybe some toast? He shifted on his feet, considering, listening to the sound of cartoons from the living room and the quiet munch of Clint eating his cereal, the steady tread of footsteps approaching the kitchen.
Tony opens his mouth to say yes, then closes it again. He remembers the guilt that swallowed him when he’d come home from his night out with Lacey and Michelle.
“What?” Tony says. He gestures threateningly at the holoscreen with a screwdriver. “No way, she’s busy.”
Pepper laughs shortly, shaking her head and spreading her hands on the desk. Steve gapes at her, opens his mouth, but no words come out. It’s for the best, because it seems she isn’t done yet.
Tony narrows his eyes at Steve, and Steve immediately closes his mouth. His expression is pleading, even as he folds his hands into his lap. He clenches his hands together so tight his knuckles pale. A strange suspicion niggles at Tony.
“I can only do the best I can do, Rhodey.”
Tony laughs, a wet, hacking kind of sound. He pulls his head back just enough to meet Steve’s eye. “God, you’re too much, you know that?” He swallows, a wan smile still creasing his eyes, and Steve presses a small kiss to the corner of both of them. He’s wanted to do that for so long it aches, echoes through his bones and into the core of him. It feels a little like coming home. “We can’t risk alienating Loki right now.”
“He’s just jealous he doesn’t have anyone to call him a pretty omega,” Tony said, turning his head to stick his tongue out at Clint. Clint tried to bean him with a garlic knot, but Natasha grabbed it out of the air and began to rip it apart, popping a piece in her mouth.
“Too cold?”
"Tokyo went well."
“Sorry, what? Can’t hear you. I’m too tired after a brutal heat where my soulmate, who is supposed to at the very least want to jump my bones and stuff me full of incredibly well-proportioned babies, fucked off to evacuate refugees from Chad or wherever the fuck he is.”
“Steve,” Thor said, sounding tired, and Steve glanced up at him. Thor opened his mouth, visibly debated some platitude, then closed his mouth again. He settled the towel he’d been drying his hair with more firmly around his shoulders, then sat on the bed next to him, putting an arm around Steve’s neck and hooking him in for a hug that seemed more of an attack than a hug. Most of Thor’s hugs were this way, so Steve felt prepared for it. He let himself relax into its familiarity.
Steve furrows his brow and looks up at Sam, wincing. “I punched Tony and Pepper asked me to leave the tower.” He rips it off like a Band-Aid, but it still stings. Sam looks unimpressed.
Steve grips Tony’s wrist with punishing force. He presses his face to his palm hard, rolls his head back and forth against Tony’s dry, calloused skin. He takes his free hand and presses his palm over Tony’s heart, and taps the only thing he can think to say into his skin.
“If I may ask, Captain, what exactly do you plan to do with the information you have uncovered?”
Something must flick over his face, because Beth turns back to him with a searching expression. “Did you…do that by accident?” she says, and Tony lets out a rough breath because
“Captain,” Thor ventured, “we understand you desiring to keep some intimate knowledge to yourself. But I for one do not understand this request. My understanding of Midgardian biology tells me that you must be in anguish without your alpha. Surely you wish to savour his embrace as soon as possible.”
Steve sighed, lassitude overtaking him as his body readjusted to having his alpha with him, inside him. He’d been so keyed up for weeks, and here he was safe, and loved, and taken. He buried his fingers in his alpha’s hair and smiled sleepily up at him, rocking a little into each thrust.
Steve steps out into the bright, loud world, and it’s like a weight has been pulled from his shoulders. He sucks in a deep breath, and it lightens him. He feels like he could float into the sky. He feels like nothing bad can touch him.
“I’ll bring you back,” Tony says. It is both attestation and prayer. “I’ll fix this, Steve, I promise you.”
Bruce and Clint find them like that, Tony’s glass of Suntory clutched between his fingers like a lifeline, Steve curled around him protectively. He can only imagine the picture they make, but he’s in bad shape. Even he can admit that he’s fraying, and it’s beginning to show. They’re lucky he isn’t in the middle of a panic attack right now.
“I didn’t say it was.” He offers a half-hearted salute. “See you later, Spider man.”
Tony nods, tapping his nails on the steel back of the chair. “JARVIS, can you corroborate any of this?”
He doesn’t even finish the sentence. Instead he turns, disappearing back into the tower without a word. Steve watches him go, feeling helpless, but he knows better than anyone that sometimes the best thing to do is to let Tony work off his anger. Tony will disappear into the lab for a bit, and hopefully when he comes out he’ll be in a better state than he was when he went in.
“Please, just let me,” Steve says on screen, and the Steve in front of him pauses the video. He doesn’t turn to look at Tony, just sits there, staring at the image of Tony blinking at him, poleaxed in the garage stairwell.
. Then he’s just warm, because Beth looks ready to
“Right,” he says, strangely unsettled. This isn’t the worst thing that’s happened to him. It’s not even the first time he’s been incorporeal. He just doesn’t like how it makes him feel, like he’s…well. A ghost.
Tony chuckles. “Yeah, well. He was furious. We fought. It got a little physical.” He shrugs, an elegant movement of his shoulders that lets Steve see some of the lovely lines of his back bunch and shift. Steve wants so many impossible, stupid things. “That was a few weeks before he died.”
at. After messing up with Tony again and again, it was refreshing to just…follow his instincts, and get everything right. It’s a small triumph, but he feels like he knows who and where he is again.
“Stay,” Steve said again, his hand slipping lower, and Tony closed his eyes and arched languidly into his touch. “Tony.”
“What?”
“You don’t…none of you know, it was…” He clears his throat, hands shaking where they press against Steve’s chest. “A hostile alien army came charging in through a hole in space, and we were standing 2,000 feet below it. It’s been two years and we’re still fucked in that scenario, Cap. We can bicker over international statues all day, but that…that up there’s where my head’s been at for two years. Bruce and I looked into AI-powered global protection. We worked with NATO to implement a satellite warning system if anything big shows up. I made an army, but the legionnaires aren’t enough. Whether or not Loki’s telling the whole truth, he’s right; we can’t waste time fighting each other. There is so much worse out there, Steve. Worse than anything you can imagine. I’ve seen it. Loki’s seen it. I bet Thor’s seen it, too. It was so- so beyond the pale, you can’t even imagine-”
He is not feeling particularly charitable towards Tony’s self-deprecation. Instead, he waits while Tony and Friday do a bit of digital sleuthing, trying to find a connection between Roxxon’s lab and Steve’s murder. He lets one hour slide by and then he wraps a steady arm around Tony’s waist, pulling him meaningfully away from the console and pressing his nose behind Tony’s ear.
“You have until we reach my office to answer my question or I am going to sign you up to teach at Global Game Jam this year, so help me-”
Cap’s façade cracks to reveal Steve, looking like Tony has stabbed him in the gut.
“You were bleeding and you didn’t tell anyone,” Rhoday says flatly, waving a screwdriver at him. “Why am I not surprised.”
“Tony, please,” Steve says, but Tony can’t hear him. He’s too busy pressing the base of his palms into his eyes, his shoulders still trembling so violently, and Steve can’t just sit here and watch this. He puts his hands over Tony’s shoulders, willing him to calm down. He presses his forehead to Tony’s, but he can’t even feel the barest hint of warmth.
“Damn fool,” Tony grumbled. He was trotting slowly along the road now, keeping a sharp eye on the brush for any sign of blonde hair, a bright blue coat, a leather boot. As he watched, the ground was beginning to disappear below him, a heavy blanket of white floating down over the land. “Rogers, you all-fired barrel boarder, get up and answer me!”
,” he breathes. He can’t believe this. “That was, what, a five day turnaround? What the hell did that asshole do, JARVIS? They made the decision on Friday, and it’s Wednesday at 2 fucking PM. What the hell could he have done to get an FBI investigation started in, what, three business days?”
“Blackface is a bad look,” she deadpans, and Tony laughs. “But yes, to be delicate about it, there was no one I could have ostensibly entered the facility as.”
Steve’s head snapped around to look at her, his fingers stuttering on the container. Her eyes, surprisingly, were trained on him and not Tony.
, woman?”
Bruce tuts at him. He works his way up Tony’s spine, slowly, digging his big, calloused hands into Tony’s latissimus dorsi like a pro.
As far as he can remember, Tony’s never actually done this with the combined firepower of the new suits. It’s overkill, and it leaves him defenceless if for some reason it doesn’t work. Still, seeing as the Hulk was smashing his way to them as they bickered, he isn’t worried.
“Why are you still standing there?” he sneers, intent on cutting him off at the knees before he can stand back up. “I know you’re a tin soldier with the head of a scarecrow, but I know you can obey basic commands.”
"And you didn't even get blown up," Pepper says, stepping onto the tarmac. "So to what do I owe this honour?
“Tony?”
“Steve.” Tony shudders, and so Steve tells him again.
“I fuck a lot of people,” Tony says flatly. It’s a ploy, a way to make Steve wince, to make him listen. It’s unkind, and he hates it, but it’s what he needs to do. “That’s not what you want.”
“Christ,” Steve whispered, wiping a hand over his face. Too late, he remembered he’d been working with pastels, the viscous oil smearing down the side of his face. “Damn.”
Sorry for disappearing. A lot of crazy shit happened, chief among them being that I lost access to the email that is attached to all my fandom stuff and then I got a new job that has been taking up all my time. But hey, thanks COVID for something, eh?
The truth was, Steve's heart was a lightweight. It made him do stupid things. Things like thinking about walking up to Loki in Tony's ridiculous, gorgeous library and asking him, "Are you serious about Tony?" and expecting a straight answer.
Is that all it took, Tony having different parts? Is that all that Steve was, in the end—a bigoted bully who’d hit his lover if they were a man, but not if they were a woman? Or was Tony so fundamentally a different person born as a woman that she would abandon her ideals for love of him? The idea of his Tony capitulating to his anger in order to appease him makes something foul curdle into his bowels. He wants to be ill. He knows, intimately, what Tony’s own demons can so easily convince him of: that he is unworthy of love and that he must prove himself. Was the other Tony like that? What was so different about them, that had led them down this murky and distorted road?
you, more than anything I’ve ever wanted in my life, and I was so
“Nah,” Tony says. “Time to face the music.”
“This is fine,” he says, mostly to himself. “I’ve had worse.”
Steve smiles a little. He reaches out and takes Tony’s free hand where it’s fisted on his knee, unwrapping his fingers gently. He laces their hands together.
The man shoots Tony between the eyes. Blood splatters all up and down Steve’s neck and shoulder, blood and tissue speckled across his skin. He’s screaming Tony’s name, but he can’t move. He can’t feel anything.
, Tony, and you- you-”
“Please,” Steve sobs. “Please, let me come, I need to- I need to come-”
Still, this is the first time he’s woken up
, he thinks distantly, as a bark of laughter makes its way out of his throat.
“Steve?” Tony murmurs, when the silence has become loud enough that it rings in the room like a singing bowl.
The thing is, Tony’s heats are usually quite mild, likely as a result of his hormone imbalance. He’s not quite an omega, certainly not an alpha. He’s intersex, and so his heats have always been weak. It’s a blessing, really. Tony has always pitied the omegas who were stuck in bed for a week, unable to work. But for the past few days, all he’d be able to think about was how nice it would have been to spend the week being waited on hand and foot by a certain broad-shouldered, blue-eyed alpha with soft hands.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I suppose that’s that,” Mattis says. “Colonel, a word?”
“Shall I send a gift basket?”
Steve stands awkwardly by Tony’s workbench, holding a tray of food. It looks like another stew, but Tony isn’t complaining. He should have eaten after his workout, but he’d been too keyed up remembering the flush high on Steve’s cheeks as the elevator doors closed. Steve’s scent—hot leather and citrusy clove—had hit him like a hammer as Steve’s arousal spiked. The pheromone compatibility of bonded pairs is no joke. Tony wanted to lick him all over.
Reed nods at him. Then he turns back to the monitor, and the moment is broken.
He squeezes Tony's fingers gently before letting go and taking a step back. Tony looks lost, his resolve cracking, and yet still ready to fight. It takes an elephantine amount of strength to turn away, but Steve does it. He walks towards the door in silence.
“Come on, we're going for a drive.”
“What do you want to know?” Steve asked, but he was stalling for time. He knew exactly what Thor was looking for.
,” Natasha coos, “you two look cozy.” She resettles again in her chair, sliding her legs off the table and leaning forward. Her eyes are bright and mirthful in her face, her shoulders relaxed. She looks like Natasha, and Tony can feel himself reacting positively regardless of what logic tells him he ought to do. He knows this woman. He loves her, even. “Did you fuck him?”
Steve considers this. “I don’t really like the idea of a someone literally being able to look into my head,” he admits, rubbing at his temple a little. “What does Tony think about all this?”
Steve stares at him, surprise filtering over his face, then shock, then despair. “Oh, god,” he says. “And then I said I was glad you’d listened to my orders for once.”
“Is that- is that wrong?”
Thus, if you’re a queer looking for resources, please feel free to ask for some guidance! Some US-centric links, for the uninitiated:
Right now, Tony was panting above him, a steady stream of curses interspersed with adoring renditions of Steve’s name. If he was a different kind of man, he might even call them worshipful, but he wasn’t. He did, however, let himself feel a little smug. Sure, maybe being able to hold his breath for extended periods of time because of the serum was cheating a little, but Steve had never claimed to be above cheating a little to get what he wanted. And he wanted this, badly. He wanted the weight of Tony on his tongue, the smell of him, the way he squirmed and begged beneath him. He wanted the way Tony’s body flexed beneath his hands, increasingly frenzied as Steve bobbed up and down, Tony’s cock slipping into the back of his throat, the bittersweet musk of him on his tongue.
Tony pulled his fingers out and Steve would have whined at the loss, but immediately he pressed in deep, enough that the head of his cock grazed the back of Steve’s throat. Steve spluttered a little, not expecting it, and Tony drew back for a moment before pushing in again. Steve was ready this time, relaxing his throat and opening for him, and then Tony was pressing in to the hilt and Steve was swallowing, over and over, reflexive and painful and desperate as Tony fucked his throat with brutal precision.
“That’s what you think. Little do you know.” Steve smiles, soft and warm, and Tony can’t help but smile back at him. “Anyway, you can say sex, Steven.”
“You’re still here,” Ms. Bliss says from the doorway, pointed, and Steve shakes himself and stands. He glances over at Ms. Bliss’s pinched expression, one of her hands fussing with the pin holding back her sweep of steel-grey curls. “It’s almost my lunch break. If you don’t mind?”
Tony swallows. "Yeah?"
“Tony-”
Steve gets up and comes to hover awkwardly behind Tony, holding his hands stiffly at his sides. Silently, Tony shows him what he needs Steve to do: lift the armour’s unlocked left leg up and out, so that the inside of its thigh is exposed for Tony’s perusal. Steve would love to watch what he’s doing, maybe ask some questions, but the position is so suggestive that he can’t bear to. Instead he lets his gaze wander around the room almost sightlessly, taking in all of the unfinished projects and things he can’t fathom the purpose of. His soulmate might as well be a wizard, for all he understands about it.
After that, Steve doesn’t think anything at all.
He shoots Steve between the eyes, and darkness begins to bleed into the edges of his vision. It comes to him like an old friend, warm and welcome, and then it swallows him whole.
“Tony,” Steve says helplessly. His eyes search Tony’s face, but still he can’t manage to meet Tony’s gaze. His eyes skitter away every time.
“Steve,” Tony says, rolling his eyes. “You can take the elevator up with me, y’know.”
“Okay,” Tony says evenly.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Thank you," Steve says, and it's earnest and sweet, "for giving me another chance."
Steve grins. He presses his face to Tony’s temple.
“And you didn’t-”
“Well,” the priest says philosophically, when Steve has been silent for longer than a minute, “confession is one of those things that’s always better late than never.”
"Yes, sir."
When nothing seems forthcoming, Tony turns to Bruce’s quietly amused expression, then Natasha’s complete deadpan, before finally circling back to Steve’s skittish smile. “Hooray?” he tries.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes, your ‘fine equipment’ does not appreciate my power,” Thor grumbles, the words a filthy curse in his mouth as he spits them out. He’s really not feeling the tech today, Tony can tell.
“Come on, then, soldier boy.” He licks his lips, deliberately provocative. “Get on with it.”
He remembers those weeks. It’s not his finest moment, but then again, Tony has so few fine moments when he looks back on his life. He feels wrung out, but this betrayal is smaller in the scope of things, now. It’s less than he’d suspected her of. He knows that’s probably part of why she feels comfortable telling him this, now. Natasha is always calculating.
After he’d gotten to know Natasha, he’d decided that Fury must have just been bullshitting him. He’s not sure if it’s worse, that it was intentionally engineered to sting, to manipulate him into proving himself yet again.
Needless to say, it’s with serious misgivings that Tony finds himself inviting Steve out to dinner the day after the parade.
Tony stares for a moment more. Then he shakes his head and heads inside, leaving Steve to scramble after him.
“Shh, omega, hush,” Tony fussed. He climbed into Steve’s lap, wrapping his arms around his shoulders and pressing Steve’s face into his neck. “Oh, honey. I-… it’s hard for me. To say it back. But that doesn’t mean I don’t-”
“I dunno,” Steve burrs, “I kind of like this de-escalation technique. It’s working for me.”
“I can take a mission,” Steve says gruffly, and Tony’s mouth opens, but no words come out.
“I can see why you are the best Earth has to offer,” Tony hears, faint over the distance between the sparring mats and the bench where he and Clint are sitting. That was Loki, prince of the backhanded compliment.
“I could make something for both of us,” Steve offered, and Tony ducked his head.
Zvezda moya is a Russian term of endearment that means my star, for those of y’all who are wondering.
“Thor is truly gone from Midgard?” Amora asks, looking disappointed. “And his fortress and shieldbrother are protected by Loki.”
The next time Tony sees Loki, he's sitting in their kitchen, illuminated only by the soft yellows of the stovetop light and the radiant glow of midtown’s neon signage and streetlamps below. He's serene and smiling, arms folded on the island, and Tony stops short in the doorway and stares.
“I’m not like you,” Steve says, which,
“Is it just because of…my run?” Steve inquired, as delicately as he knew how.
Steve frowns. “Why?”
Tony takes a breath, checking his wrists for his cuffs. Then he walks to the edge of the landing pad and crouches, sitting down and swinging his legs off the edge. The drop is dizzying, and one that Tony knows quite intimately.
Tony studies him for a moment before a sluggish, foul kind of grin overtakes his face: more of a rictus of pain than anything else. “J, could you play it back for Cap here?”
Reed takes Tony back to the Baxter Building. There, he loses any semblance of normalcy. It’s always unnerved Steve, watching Reed work like this. Every part of him is in a different part of the room, doing a different thing. It’s enough to make even the most iron-stomached man flinch. He loops himself into accidental knots as he attaches Tony to various instruments, telemetry and all sorts of words that Steve doesn’t recognise flying over his head. He watches Tony be hooked up to machines he’s never seen before.
“Glass houses,” Tony mutters. He rubs a hand over his face. “We’ve never actually worked with them in the field. Cap and I have been talking about building bridges. The hero community is getting bigger, and we’re not talking to each other. It makes for bad situations when real disasters happen. Going out into the field with an unknown entity for the first time ever will be a shitshow, and we all know it. We don’t always play well together, let alone with others.”
he remembers, which,
“Star Man arrive too late,” Hulk complains, and Steve nods, slowly.
,” Steve says, but they’re cut off by the ding of the elevator. Tony makes to pull out of Steve’s arms, but Steve just tightens his grip, rearranging them so they’re more side to side than facing each other. His arm stays firm around Tony’s waist, fingers curled over the inner curve of his floating ribs. It’s more comforting than he wants to admit, and so he leans into Steve’s side, letting some of his weight tilt into the comforting warmth of his bulk.
“Tell me what to do,” Tony said, but in his mouth the command turned dirty. Rogers laughed outright, but he gestured to the cast iron, then the cupboard with his uninjured hand.
Steve glances to his left. Xavier stands next to him on his own two feet, hands folded behind his back. The smile that he gifts Steve with is kind, but somehow wry.
“How can you, Steve? We barely know each other,” Tony points out, and Steve sobs like he’s been stabbed. Tony can feel himself choking up, too, but he’s better at this part than Steve. He’s had years of public scrutiny to practice. He knows how not to cry. “I know that you wanted this soulmate thing to work out. I know you did. But it’s making us miserable, Steve. There are hundreds of people out there. Literally billions. Plenty of people who will love you as much as you deserve-”
DUM-E beeps and swivels a claw at him, almost sympathetic. It’s the only response the universe sees fit to give him.
, Captain. Children punish each other for being different, out of jealousy, out of fear that they are less than. And you are. To me, you absolutely are.”
Steve notes. His mind switches tracks, running back over the weeks since his death like he’s watching battle footage with the team, trying to work out where something went south.
—    Miranda Lambert
Tony goes. He lets Loki pull him in by the tie, sinking down into the lushness of his mouth with a hum. Languor slides over his shoulders like a blanket, and he slips into Loki’s lap with a boneless ease.
“No, but-”
In some ways, the city had been his friend and confidant long before even Buck had. On the long nights when nothing seemed good or right, Steve could always look out across the stinking slick of the Hudson and see her lights and spires and feel secure. She was never going anywhere. No matter how he and his mother’s health might wax and wane like the moon, or his country might slide from a depression into a war, or the shifting alliances of the socio-political landscape might make a religion or race good or bad in the eyes of her public, New York’s skyscrapers would still be standing high as a man reaching for his God could ever make them. It was part of why he’d wanted to join up so badly. The very thought of someone coming to hurt her made him want to arch up over the city like a shield, to protect the whole of her bustle and light with his small, shaking, aching body. He would have given everything and anything to protect her, from the old rat-infested tenement houses he’d eked out a living in with his mother to the bullies who had cornered him in allies, the mangy caterwauling ditch cougars and the dolled-up pretty boys who lurked by the shipyards in grey, narrow places and tree-shaded parks. And after all these years, here she was even still; skyscrapers ever taller, faces ever changing, still sharp as a whip and twice as beautiful as all the stars in the sky. No matter what Amora showed him, she could never take that. She could never make him regret sacrificing everything––even Peggy, even Buck––to save this; the great American experiment, proof that Eendraght Maeckt Maght after all. The truth of it was enough to make him hate himself a little bit, but it was one of those things that was too true to deny. He was glad that Tony had made him move back here, despite how much he had hated it at the start. How much he had thought he’d hated Tony, even. If only he’d known.
: two unalike minds in tandem, ideas bouncing off of each other. You fail when he refuses to engage you. You fall apart.” He reaches out and touches Tony’s shoulder, gently enough. He doesn’t look away from what he’s doing at all, but the soft touch is enough to make Tony relax. He takes a deep breath, lets it fill him full before relaxing back onto Reed’s hand. “Your true magnificence lies in your omnidirectional intelligence. You need sounding boards, to help you corral your own ever-expanding mind. You’ve never had the focus I do.”
Steve stands there for an hour, watching the minimal foot traffic on a Thursday night as it wanders to and fro. No one bothers him, leaning on the railing, feet crossed in front of him. The moon crosses the sky, hides behind one hulking tower. A taxi honks behind him. Eventually, he turns around and walks home.
Tony reaches out, throwing a pillow with unerring accuracy to thwap Steve in the back of his stupidly gorgeous blonde head.
When he came back to himself, his forehead was pressed against the cool glass, breath fogging the surface. Tony was kneeling before him on the other side, peering up into his face with a hunted expression. He’d always thought it was amazing, how easy Tony knelt for his omega. When he first found out, he had wondered if that was because of Tony’s biology, or if he was just the kind of alpha who wasn’t worried about the superficial appearance of strength. Based on what he knew of Tony, he’d always suspected it was the latter; Tony rarely cared what other people thought of him, and when he did, it was mostly to prove them wrong out of pique.
“I was warned,” she says. She glances at Tony, a thoughtful expression on her face. “And I was the one who told him to do it.”
“No!” Tony shouts, and Steve flinches back at the force of it. “No one can see me like this. I’m- I’m fucking, I’m going crazy. I’m losing my mind. I just need to sleep.”
“Punk,” Steve growls, glaring over his shoulder.
As soon as he’s sealed up, JARVIS stabilises their flight, pulling Tony up in a lazy spiral and taking him out over the Hudson. They’ve done this a few times, when Tony’s anxiety’s gotten the better of him. At first, Tony couldn’t bear to be in the suit, but he couldn’t bear to be parted from it either. He’d taken to wearing the remote interface everywhere he went, even inside the tower. But he’d been too tired after his heat, and left the headset in his bedroom. Stupid. He’s never going anywhere without it again.
“You never let me have any fun!”
“Oh, jealous, honey bear?” Tony says. He pushes up from the table, then claps his hands together. “Okay, we ship out at 23:00, prep however it is you wanna prep; nap a bit so you’re actually awake, inject some caffeine or something a little stronger, whatever floats your boat I don’t judge-”
“Is there threat of a coup?” Natasha presses, and Thor tilts his head to the side, considering.
"Tony," Pepper says, threatening, and he can feel a painful smile bubbling up. "It's not true. You know I will always love you."
Steve does a circuit of the lab. He pokes at things, although he isn’t able to move anything in particular. He peeks his head inside of some things, then circles back to Tony’s body. He wonders if he should try to sleep himself.
“Cut the chatter,” he said. “We’re going in at 02:45. That’s when there’s the biggest gap in the rounds. Widow, Hawkeye, and I will head in first and infiltrate. We’re moving quiet. We have two hostages inside and one is a non-combatant. We want to keep the element of surprise as long as possible. Thor, I want you taking out stragglers. Once we’re noticed, they’re gonna swarm out of the anthill. If you can box the them in with your lighting, create a bottleneck, it’ll keep everyone from escaping. Doc, you’ll be on standby until we locate Iron-Man.”
happy. If you’re such a vehement anti-dynamic activist, why don’t you just
“Nope.” He holds up his coffee mug, gestures towards the coffee maker. “I’ve got it. You can go back to…whatever it is that you were doing.” He glances around Steve’s broad shoulders and into the living room, where the TV above the fireplace is set to TCM. John Wayne is riding a horse. At the very least, Steve is relatively predictable.
“Okay, that was a totally obvious low-hanging fruit, give me a fuckin’ break…”
Jim is alone by the time Steve gets upstairs, which is convenient. He’s watching a basketball game without putting much attention to it, and when Steve enters he stands up and reaches a hand out to clasp arms, bringing Steve into his body for a back-slapping hug.
"And you're not trying to fuck with us?"
“Your pheromones will not be beneficial to the team at present.” JARVIS, to his credit, sounded apologetic as he spoke. “Agent Romanov will not leave without your command, however.”
Ross stares at him, eyes narrowed. Tony resolves to deal with that later.
“-some magical expertise of his own would that could be useful to you?” JARVIS finishes smoothly, ignoring his interruption.
Steve's bright red, flushed and frustrated and embarrassed. It's a good look on him. Tony has so little self-control this deep into an engineering binge. "Since I'll only be working in DC short-term, SHIELD is going to set me up with a furnished apartment. I can come back to New York on the weekends, or longer when I'm not on mission. So Bruce doesn't get lonely. I…I like it here. And the studio you helped me set up is…I want to keep it, if that's okay. It's a real nice place to paint."
"Not my fault you can't keep up," Steve says genially. "Where are you?"
“I know it’s silly,” Steve says, loosing a short, self-deprecating bark of laughter. He rubs a wet hand over his head, ducks Tony’s gaze for a moment before his eyes flick back up to meet him, head on. It knocks the breath from Tony. “But I love that I can surprise you. That I can make you tongue tied. The great Tony Stark and his marvellous brain, sweet as a doe just for me. It’s like your body telling me you love me, over and over again. It’s real.”
“Stark survived for three months in captivity, the first time,” Thor said, taking another long draught of wine. He flicked the butt of his cigarette into the ashtray, lit another. “He is strong. He will be fine.”
Steve rubbed a hand over his face, exhaling sharply. He could still feel the adrenalin rushing through him. “Um. What did you guys do?”
“I think that what I have to say might change your feelings on that,” Tony says, and Steve takes a breath, lets it out. “Maybe I’m wrong? I’d like to be wrong. I’m so rarely wrong, though, Steve.”
“I destroyed Harlem.”
“Tell me you didn’t mean it,” Steve says, voice quaking, and Tony doesn’t need to be under a spell to give that to him. The fact that he is means that his mouth moves without his consent, shaping the words, cheapening them.
“That’s what I said, isn’t it?”
“Tony,” Steve says. His eyes are so, so blue. “What are you saying?”
“I know it.” He bats his eyelashes at Rhodey, then turns back to the table. “I’ve got some stuff to take care of, you’ve all got stuff to take care of, everybody chop chop.”
“I didn’t say that,” Beth says, voice mild, almost sing-song. “I’m just trying to understand what it means.”
Now, want crawled up from his groin like a creeping vine, sinking painful tendrils into every inch of his body. His desire had become something so intense it hurt, a sharp spike driving through the core of him at the barest thought of Tony’s touch. He knew exactly why Tony and Bruce wanted him well-rested and well-nourished. He suspected that once Tony was let out, he and his alpha would not be leaving their heat room for a long few days.
His phone rings again.
“Steve,” Tony said, and Steve closed his mouth, stared down at his trembling hands clenched together in his lap. “Mouthy brat.”
Intermission. Mare Internum.
Natasha’s short snicker is practically a peal of laughter from her. At least somebody’s amused.
“Uh.”
“Look at me, J, growing up.”
Tony’s bare legs were spread into a wide isosceles in the photo, his hands deep in the pockets. The black leather was bunched up in front between his open thighs in a swaggering kind of tease, and Steve’s eyes lingered there for far too long, his pulse pounding so hard he could feel it in his throat. There was an beguiling gender duality to it. Tony was young and nubile, bare-faced, but still strikingly handsome rather than pretty or soft. The way he held himself was confident, alpha, but the spread legs dusted with dark hair suggested something else. Behind him a long, lonely white beach broken only by tall grass and a short, broken fence made of strips of narrow sun-bleached wood and twisted wires stretched out for miles. There was a tousled, dirty-sexy kind of greaser look about him that Steve recognised from some of the films he’d watched, and it fit who Tony was precisely. Golden hour brought out the shine in his curls, and he looked up at the camera from under thick eyelashes. It was perhaps the most compelling photo Steve had ever seen. Darkly beautiful and wild, Tony looked exactly as he was: undefinable, and defiant, and proud. The sidebar said it all; STARK TRUTH: The Future is Anti-Dynamicism. The person who’d posted it had captioned it: Tony Stark’s historic shoot with Pamela Hanson for
“Look at me?” Tony asks, and Steve does, turning to meet Tony’s eyes head-on. He looks wild-eyed, almost desperate, but he’s also so obviously happy. His eyes are bright, cheeks flushed. “You want everything, huh?”
Tony quirks a smile. “Do you want to come?”
“A less violent power struggle than I expected,” Tony admits, panting as Loki bends him in half and begins to fuck him in earnest. His teeth are sharp on Tony’s neck, leaving blooming bruises along his collarbones, the long tendons framing his throat. When he licks behind Tony’s ear, Tony melts completely into him with the rush of pleasure, and Loki’s chuckles and grazes the spot with his teeth.
“Tony, stop,” Pepper pleads, smoothing her hands over his spine. “Stop it. Don’t do this to yourself.”
“This is gonna be great,” Grace says, and Tony winks at her.
...?” Steve says, wondering. Howard, the irrepressible alpha with a girlfriend in every state. “Wow.”
Tony looks doesn’t bother to look away from the mirror, poking at his split lip with an antiseptic salve and hissing at the sting of it. In his peripheral vision, he can see Loki rise from his perch on the tub and walk towards him, reaching out.
“Well. There’s only, what, a dozen of them on the security council?”
“I am leaving a message for Doctor Strange with Miss Clea. She says he is out dealing with the ramifications of the battle.”
“Yup. She pocketed Tony’s phone, and if the log of his belongings that we got from the SHIELD team on the ground is right, I think she also got his wallet.” Bruce shook his head. “She wanted to be taken. She must have figured he’d be able to do something with that, and she was right. Girl’s brave as hell. Crazy, but brave.”
“That’s right,” Tony says. He smiles, grim and ready. “That’s fucking right.”
Amora considers this. She looks extremely put out, and Tony expects it has something to do with the fact that she’s decided it will be entirely too much trouble to kill anyone on the roof with her. “I see.”
“After your rest, you might go into Sir’s workshop and take the blanket from the couch there. It should smell heavily of him. And then, if you went to see him, you’d have a strong scent to ground you. It might help the bond-sickness. Miss Potts has already ensured that the Tank was outfitted with some of your clothes.”
“What?”
“Closing the portal now.”
It’s Bucky. Steve raises his eyebrows, intrigued. He had no idea Bucky and Tony had a secret burner phone. Why on earth would they need that?
“I would never use that term,” JARVIS deadpans. “But he is unharmed.”
“What’s your name?” Steve asks the man, waving him off when he tries to take Steve’s duffel.
“You’re starting to fray after so long without your alpha. You’re fortunate that you had a strong bonding experience right before he left. If not, you’d be lucky to be half as functional as you are now.”
“-and we sat together and watched that really depressing animated film, about the robot detective and the AI-”
“Miss Potts did not predict longevity being the end result of a monogamous relationship with Sir. Wisely, I think,” JARVIS says, when Steve has been silent long enough. “Does that answer your question?”
a break,” Tony says. “What about my trauma? Would you want to be bonded to an alpha from 1940 who thinks that Posturing and shouting down a room of mixed dynamics is acceptable? I refuse to live like a meek, witless child in the shadow of my husband. He’s everything I hate about the very existence of dynamics. We haven’t been able to be together for longer than forty seven seconds without it turning into a tasteless knot-measuring contest, and now I’m meant to spend the entire rest of my life with a stupid, hulking brute-”
Tony pulls away, enough to look into Steve’s eyes. They’re bright and blue as ever, thick lashes glinting gold in the late afternoon sun, and they crinkle gently as watches. Tony studies him for a long moment, fingers curled into the fabric at the base of Steve’s spine. “Steve?”
“That’s the best way anyone’s stolen intel from me,” Tony observes, and Loki slits his eyes open to look at him. “You just wanted to know why your magic stick of destiny didn’t work on me, and this was the easiest way to do it.”
“Yeah,” Tony rasps, and Steve smiles at him. It’s small, but it’s there. “Okay.”
“Are you…” He falters, then lets out a soft sound of sorrow. He reaches out one long arm towards the glass Tony’s got resting on the corner of one worktop, dips his littlest finger into it. “You’re not…uh. Drinking. Are you?”
Tony stares at him. He glances around. “Am I being punk’d?”
Usual warnings: we have another episode of ethically questionable therapy with Charles Xavier! Also panic attacks, because Tony is...so not okay right now. I'm pretty sure y'all knew that, so no surprises here. Sit back, relax, and enjoy the ride!
“Come, my friend, and let us finish our meal. Much of your portion ended up on these fine floors, and I do not think I will have fulfilled my duty as your shieldbrother if I cannot manage to fill your belly. I will admit, our Captain, Doctor Banner, and the Lady Natasha do a better job than I in this matter, but I shall endeavour to meet this challenge as best I can in spite of this.”
“Yeah, yeah, busy business man’s so important,” Clint coos, and Tony winces. He’s pretty sure Clint’s referencing his fight with Steve, which means that likely the whole team has watched the security footage. “Go play with your toys.”
“Things were going well,” Tony says. He presses his forehead to the worktop, letting the cold seep into his skin. His chest aches. His throat feels like it’s on fire. “I thought…for a moment, I thought, earlier…”
Peter blinks. “
"Burn the shrine, for all I care." It's all dead ghosts and bad memories, anyway.
He can see it, now, with startling clarity, stretching back through the years; this huge empty house with no one in it but a tiny black-haired boy and servants moving through the space like ghosts, a loving butler trailing after him. In every room, the image of Captain America stared down from on high, biceps and shield and sharp jaw and blue eyes all chopped up into disparate pieces, the enormity of a hero that could not be contained in a single image. He imagines Howard, the absent and looming figure, shutting a curious boy desperate for affection out of every room he wanted to be in. Every sour interaction with Tony, every defensive and self-deprecating barb burning into Steve’s chest shifts under the shockwave, re-contextualised.
“We’ll get the paperwork cleared away,” Pepper says, nodding at Jaime. “Please don’t blow anything up.”
“She kind of saved his ass,” Steve said dryly, swallowing a bite of chicken.
Tony blinks, then turns his head. Steve isn’t looking at him, instead focussing on the page under his hands. His pencil moves over the paper in sure, smooth strokes.
Tony can feel his cock dripping, remembering Steve pressed three fingers deep inside him, his mouth wrapped around Tony’s cock as he keened and begged. The metal worktop had been freezing against his bare skin, and he’d had no leverage, his calves hanging over Steve’s shoulders. He doesn’t quite stifle a whine.
Stephen glances around them, raising a single eyebrow. Then he shakes his head, and settles into a floating, cross-legged position. “I take it you are required for the parade?”
“Have you met my team?” Steve deadpans.
Bruce waves a hand over his shoulder as the panel slides shut behind him. Tony understands; he used up his quota of emotional bullshit for the week on Monday alone, what with Steve and Pepper and Loki. He can hardly blame Bruce for rankling at having to play meddling therapist.
“Fucking low blow,” he says, but Steve just waits. He knows it’s a scarred-over wound. Still painful, sure. He’ll never quite be over losing his whole world, his loved ones, but by now he can joke about it.
Tony pressed two fingers into his mouth, smoothing over his tongue, and Steve moaned and let him. He was pressing too hard for Steve to suck, just rubbing his fingers slow over the soft pad of Steve’s tongue, and Steve moaned at how helpless and strung-up and used he felt. He wanted Tony’s cock, but this was good, too. He was being good for Tony. He could be good.
"We don't talk when he's on base and you know it."
Steve flushes even redder if possible. He swallows. “That feels like a…dangerous question to answer,” he says baldly, and Tony laughs. It startles him, the earnestness of it, but Steve’s so awkward. It’s hard to begrudge him for his minor trespasses when he’s so clearly struggling.
“Feel distended?” Steve asks, arching a playful eyebrow, and Tony flushes. Hard. His fingertips dig into Steve’s skin, rigid enough that it would hurt the average person. Steve
“Have you talked to him about…this?”
O U C H, he taps. His chest feels tight.
“I’ll be sure to be there for the inaugural stargazing!” Tony calls, waving over his shoulder at Arish as he’s dragged down the hall. The man smiles at him a little bashfully, waving back, and Tony grins.
“I was promised omelettes,” he said, and Steve raised his eyebrows.
“It’s…I
Tony stares at him for a moment too long to be comfortable, then pulls up the holoprojectors. He finishes his sandwich and licks his fingers clean, wiping his hands in the damp paper towel he’d tossed on the workbench and fiddling with the controls.
“Loki’s the Caterpillar,” Bruce says, shaking his head. “He’s cryptic and strange and full of transformation magic.”
The repulsor node fires, and Kitty Pride jumps up out of the floor and rolls to the side just as what looks like a hash of white statics into being in the space that she had occupied. Kitty fires on it again, and a strange, blood-curdling shriek can be heard, like a man’s voice over imperfect radio waves.
“You’re not sure a relationship with me is what’s best for Tony.” And then, after a slight pause, “Oh. No. You don’t think a relationship with me would be good for Tony at all.”
Tony serves himself a plate and turns back to the table. He takes a seat at Bruce’s right.
Steve’s brow furrows. “Do you not want me to?” He swallows, the corners of his mouth turning down. “I just…I wanted-”
He glanced at Bruce, who simply nodded imperceptibly. “We’ve got it, Steve.”
Tony took a pillow, slipping it under Steve’s hips as he hooked his arms under the crook of Steve’s knees.
Loki tilts his head, catlike. "What such assurances would I have from you?"
Tony kisses him. It’s soft, just on the forehead, but Steve melts into it like it’s the only thing keeping him grounded. The breath punches out of his chest.
Steve follows Tony down to the communal kitchen. Peter’s there, shovelling a too-big bite of waffle into his face, and Tony spares him a wave as he beelines for the coffee pot.
Pepper shakes her head, glancing at the gathered crowd, and Tony exhales. Right. He’s still leaning an elbow on Dr. Chandrakar. Awkward. He pulls away, swaying slightly, then stands up on his own. “You can’t kick Captain America out of The Avengers. It was an argument. Forget about it.”
“You’re an ass,” Tony grumbles, and is rewarded with bright laughter. He waits, but there’s no other response.
“I can smell a little, even through the blockers,” Steve admitted, and Bruce’s eyebrows shot up. “You got real passionate, so your scent spiked. I didn’t mean to. I just can’t help it.”
“Spoilers!” Tony shouts, waving an impassioned hand and nearly knocking over the popcorn. “Movie first, discussion after. You know the rules, woman.”
TL;DR Do I think what Steve did is okay? No, but I’m probably Bruce in this situation. It’s Tony’s (dumb) life choice. Does Tony think what Steve did was okay? Eh. It’s just the once, and Steve was shaking off some magic shite.
"It's a deal."
Steve considered it. He’d smoked asthma cigarettes when he was young, and then many a pack in the army. It was the done thing, then, something to stave off the hunger and the cold. He hadn’t had a cigarette since 1945.
“Ms. Potts is, in some ways, a typical organic intelligence, and thus comprehends the full benefits of a romantic relationship.” Steve raises his eyebrows at that. “I admit I have considered the matter before, at Sir’s behest, and found my parameters wanting.”
“What do you think I’m here for?” Tony asked. He trudged over to Rogers’ bed, dragging it towards the stove and turning the blankets down. Rogers watched him with dark eyes, fingers packing the med-kit back up slowly, as if to give himself something to do. He was still pale as milk, wan and shaking, and the sight of the strong, strapping sheriff looking so weak made something in Tony’s chest tighten.
“Can you sit up?”
His head snaps back, twisting around as the other side cracks into the side of the elevator. Someone shouts, and there’s the sound of guns being drawn and people rushing towards them, the chatter of a crowd. When he stands up, six of Stark Industries’ finest are pointing guns at Steve from out of arm’s reach, flanked by a group of startled R&D employees. None of them even waver, brave motherfuckers. Steve looks horrified at himself, completely open, and Tony pulls himself up with the elevator rail in time to see Pepper clacking towards them, entire form blazing with righteous glory.
?” Loki skirls, and then Thor slips neatly between them, executing a complicated move that gathers both of Loki’s wrists in one hand with a single, fluid motion. His free hand flies towards Loki’s face to forestall whatever curse might fly forth next, his first two fingers curling right into Loki’s mouth and hooking into the tender skin at the back of his palate. Loki makes a violent, furious sound, but in the end only thrashes about like a hooked fish. Steve finds himself able to move again, and he stumbles forward, an embarrassing half-gasp tumbling out of his mouth.
time…”
“Last night, I was able to touch him back for the first time,” Tony says. His throat is clogged with unshed tears, and God, but Steve wants everyone to be done crying. He’s cried enough. Everyone has cried enough. “I felt his face. It was Steve’s face. I know it’s Steve. I know-…I know.”
“We can’t,” Tony says, and Steve huffs sharply, rolling away in one quick move to sit on the edge of the bed.
Tony pours out of the armour like a non-Newtonian fluid. His tentacles scrape uncomfortably against the grit of the dirty poured concrete, and he frowns at the workshop floor.
“They worry,” Thor tried, and Steve shook himself out of his fugue.
“It appears my methods of transportation did not agree with your comrade,” he explains, and Tony nods seriously.
, he thinks.
“People usually love me in spite of my mouth,” Tony jokes, but Steve isn’t laughing. His eyes are dark and serious as he considers Tony, and Tony closes his eyes as Steve presses another kiss to his brow, firm and unyielding.
“That is
“Oh, God.”
The young man’s mouth twitches ever so slightly.
“You’re not…upset because I implied that you’re, um. Promiscuous, and that, uh-”
Steve leans down and presses a kiss to the corner of Tony’s mouth.
No alpha had ever looked twice at Steve, before the serum. The sick scent on him had been pungent, enough that the smell of him during the height of a fever had set other folks on edge. Who wanted an omega that was too ill to breed? Then, after the serum, hardly anyone knew Steve was an omega, and the military had been keen on keeping it that way.
He likes it in Malibu. All his favourite clothes are here. U and Butterfingers, and JARVIS of course. Although JARVIS is always with him. It was the primary reason he’d been made. So Tony would never be alone. Not ever. No matter where he goes, his non-corporeal best friend he made out of grief and wishes and some alchemy he doesn’t even remember because he was so fucking blackout drunk and they were dead, they were fucking
“Good,” Tony repeated, tilting his head to the side like Steve was a particularly interesting puzzle. “Like?”
When he came to, his head was pillowed on Tony’s shoulder, his whole body slumped forward into his arms. Tony was laughing, a little vicious, definitely smug. His eyes were bright and feral when Steve draw back to see them, and Steve whimpered, knees spreading without his permission.
Steve smiled, a pulse of warmth building in his chest. It felt kinda like Tony’s kids were taking care of him, when Tony couldn’t. “You’re amazing, JARVIS.”
“One for the road,” he said, leaning down, and Steve gave him a searing kiss, fingers reaching up to press over Tony’s bondmark.
“Yes,” JARVIS says, sounding impossibly tired. It’s moments like this when Steve understands why Tony treats JARVIS like he’s a real person.
“That monster outside yours, too?”
canon-typical violence
“Magic, huh?” he says, raising his glass to his teammates.
Steve sighs. He looks into his bowl, scraping the last bits of the potatoes up with his spoon. “I can’t help but feel kind of responsible for Howard being such a jerk. I know you’re gonna tell me it’s not my fault, but. I just think I should say so.”
Steve nods, not having expected a real answer. “I’ll see myself out, then.”
“He has full access to the suits,” Tony counters, and Cabe fixes him with a stern look that Steve can definitely appreciate. “Look, we have no way to track him. He’s shorted every single tracker that us or SHIELD has placed on him just by teleporting. JARVIS can’t see him even when I can, and the other Avengers can’t hear him even when I’m in the same room with all of them unless he wants them to. I’m trying to get on top of it.”
Steve closes his eyes.
Through a combination of tentacles and arms he moves Steve until he’s draped over the edge of the tub, facing the mirror. He’s blissed out, moaning like a harlot when Tony handles him. He can barely keep his eyes open.
When Tony’s been on the phone with Hank McCoy for two and a half hours, Steve thinks he may as well leave. He hasn’t been able to figure out what they’re talking about, really. Mostly they seem to be trying to figure out why the serum isn’t healing him like it should. They’ve gone round in circles about it four times, occasionally conferencing with Hank Pym, or Xavier, or Reed, or, or, or. Steve thinks they’re barking up the wrong tree. Clearly this is magic. So he figures he’ll take a walk down to the Sanctum, and see if Strange can see him or not.
“Fuck, I can’t do this,” Tony says dully. His voice is mostly breath. “This wasn’t even what I wanted to talk to you about.”
"You're a reckless asshole, and I need control, and what's why we didn't work out. But it wasn't just you. We've been over this." Pepper touches his hand on the gear stick for a moment, until he looks at her.
Steve flinches, just the barest twinge of his jaw. He begins a new line, a new shape growing on the page. “It’s what I know, isn’t it? What I’m good for.”
Tony breathes slow. He closes his eyes. “You…you might wanna get out of here. If you’re here. Go…wherever it is you go.” He laughs, softly. “Or maybe not.”
call Danvers the next time you show up here at 4am.”
“The issue I think you’re having is that you feel you haven’t done right by your soulmate. And that’s quite an egregious sin. But let me ask you this: have you talked to him? Have you told him how you feel?”
“Oh. Well. Good. Cool. That’s great, glad to hear it-”
Loki glances towards the windows. "You are self-designated heroes. Risk exists for you at every turn."
, he’d thought, Captain America would have saved him. He would have picked him up, and held him close, and told him everything was gonna be okay. He would make it so, if he needed to. He would have saved Tony from Howard and the drinking and the quiet. He’d believed that, with every fibre of his being.
“What’s the blood for?” Spidey asks, startling Steve out of his reverie. He’s hanging down from the ceiling so he can peer over Strange’s workspace and watch what he’s doing. Steve didn’t even see him get up there.
“Do you think your friend wouldn’t?”
“Yeah,” Tony says, loosing a wild laugh. “Shit, that could have gone so poorly for you. For both of us, really, but-”
“I don’t feel like a very good man,” Rogers muttered, mostly under his breath, and Tony laughed in delight. He wasn’t sure if he’d been meant to hear that bit.
“If,” Stephen says, face shifting slightly into something kind, “you wanted everything that happened, then I’m sure you will be able to work that out with him later. But right now, my priority is making sure that you are fully possessed of your faculties when you do so. Does that sound fair to you?”
“It’ll be hard on you to wait.”
Steve takes a moment, then tries his most winning smile. “Sure,” he says, easy, “that’s why I’m asking if I could just stop in and have a quick chat with her. I won’t be a moment.”
“Will you not speak to your assassin, then? Your captain? Perhaps your monster? If you do not trust your Avengers, then who do you trust, Tony Stark? Or is it only the fair Miss Potts that holds your regard?” The way his lips twist sneeringly over Pepper’s name makes Tony shiver.
“What the fuck do you want me to say, Bruce?” Tony snaps.
“No,” Steve says, bewildered now. “What does that mean, exactly? Like…Mormons?”
Rogers stepped up close behind him, and Tony’s fingers tightened on the poker. He swallowed, standing and closing the door to the stove. Rogers’ fingers pulled the iron from his hands, leaning into his body to reach the stand, and Tony near about swallowed his tongue.
Steve swallowed, and swallowed, and moaned again, running his hands up Tony’s body to hold on to him, keeping him inside as Tony’s knot swelled impossibly larger inside his mouth. He wriggled his tongue as much he could manage with his mouth so full, knowing how it would feel against the sensitive underside of Tony’s cock, and moaned low in his throat when Tony groaned and thrust up against him.
“Verily,” Thor says grimly. “Take good care of him, Stark.”
“I thought we were gonna play some chess?” he asked, and Tony blinked. He hid his smile against the side of Rogers’ broad chest.
“Steve Rogers is a coward and a bastard, and he doesn’t deserve you risking your life for him after everything he’s said and done,” Pepper says hotly, the dam bursting, and Tony laughs outright, and keeps on going. He laughs until his side aches and his cheeks ache, too.
Amora’s smiles fetchingly. “So, your soldiers are shieldbrethren of Thor, and not allies of Loki.”
Romanov had noticed, but he never expected to hide anything from her. She’d told him he could have a permanent position on the STRIKE team if he wanted it, but of course he’d ignored her invitation. There’s no way Tony would move to D.C.. Maybe, if he could live in the tower and only go in for special ops, when they really need him…
“Think about it, Dana; the huge bombshell that was the Potomac Disaster, aka Hydragate, wasn’t that long ago. We know for a fact that Hydra infiltrated large swaths of the American government. The number of arrests was frankly staggering. It’s not a stretch.”
“I would if I could get this damn thing off,” Tony muttered, shaking fingers slipping on the apron string. “I…I was trying to lay off a bit, today.”
FYI things get a little #spicy between Peter and Stephen re: Civil War here. Once again, character views are not my own. Also, Stephen is kind of a dick here, sorry. I feel like I made him a little too nice in my last Stephen fic, and here he's a little too mean... .___. He's a hard man to write when I really only know him from the brief interactions he's had w/ Tony lmao. Sorry guys.
He can taste, for a moment, how badly he will want to kiss him under those bright blooms, the scent of spring and the happiness bubbling up under his chest. It’s the wrong time, he knows, so soon after his misstep in the elevator. They’re unsteady.
“Whoa, what? You were married? You and Natasha weren’t, I dunno, madly and terrifyingly in love?”
“That seems…racist,” Tony points out. “Also kind of homophobic?”
“Excuse me,” he says, pushing away from the table. He heads down the hall to the bathroom and shuts himself in.
“And you were babbling—half in Japanese, half in English—about how Rumiko’s ideas could never die, and so she would never die. That she was a part of you now, always, because of how she’d changed you. Do you remember?”
Steve stood up and walked into the bathroom, staring at himself in the mirror for a long moment before opening the medicine cabinet set into the wall next to the double sinks. He pushed aside the razors, the cologne, the Q-tips, until he found the little glass bottle that Tony kept hidden inside an empty black film canister. He stared at it for a minute, two, his fingers clutched tight in a Soundgarden shirt that had been worn so many times half the design was flaked off. Then he put the little bottle in his pocket, and sat down in bed with one of the many StarkPads Tony left lying around the house. He had some research to do.
“Then Thor and Clint,” Steve sighs.
“I don’t know how to separate trust from hope anymore,” he admits, turning back to Pepper. The expression on her face is familiar, and Tony rolls his eyes at her. “Don’t.”
“Where’s your head at, Winghead?”
“No, you- you’re Jane, in this comparison, okay?” Tony said, squirming in his vehemence, and Steve just wanted to press him up against the wall of the gym and kiss him breathless. He settled for tumbling them to the mats instead, pinning Tony with his weight and pressing kisses all up his neck, his jaw, his brow. “Stop trying to distract me with sex.”
“Fuck,” Steve whines. “I don’t- I’m not gonna last much longer, and I want-”
.” He doesn’t even know what he’s begging for.
“Yes, yes, everyone’s kissed and made up,” Tony says tiredly, turning back to the television. “Are you showering? Sitting? Should I wait?”
“Mr. Odinson is off premises. Agent Barton is working on a backlog of mission reports, as Agent Hill threatened to break his compound bow if he didn’t file them by the end of the week. Agent Romanov is reading in her quarters. Doctor Banner is eating his first meal of the day, having only risen two hours prior. He did not go to sleep until late last night.”
“Shit,” Tony says, rolling to the left as the woman in white takes another shot, a laser of bright white light that shears through the air. He rolls back over as coms come back online. “Avengers, I’ve got eyes on The Winter Soldier.”
Warmth curls in Tony’s stomach, aftershocks sending chills over his skin as the sweat cools. Eddys of air leave goose bumps in their wake.
Rogers was frowning over his arm, wrapping bandages around it. Tony hadn’t gotten back in time to see what the damage was, and he resisted the urge to demand Rogers pull the wrappings up and let him have a look. Instead he cleared his throat pointedly, folding his hands across his chest.
“Sorry. That was…I’m a bit soaked.”
It’s three in the morning. He’s spent all night working on a free consult for the MTA. Grand Central is an imperative part of New York’s infrastructure, but much of midtown’s tunnels had been damaged in the fight. The leviathans falling in the streets had weakened beams and steel tubes that had never been meant to take that much weight, let alone at terminal velocity. It was messy, expensive work to replace the metal structures the tunnels were made of, and even Manhattan Schist could only handle so much stress. He was nowhere close to being done. He just wanted a snack, and now here Steve was, bugging him about blockers of all things.
Mostly, though, I’ve always been interested in what the idea of A/B/O means for sex/gender. I think there’s a lot to explore there, and I like how it makes everyone in the world a little bit queerer. When you start with the idea of women with dicks and men who can give birth being a natural part of the world, transness becomes something that’s fun to play with for me. What does it mean to be trans in a world like that? That’s what I was curious to explore, and this is what I ended up with. Also, being able to just take a week off from work every once in a while to have wild, biologically mandated sex? Kinda sounds like a great universe. I can barely get sick days in the States.
“I didn’t say anything,” Tony tries, but Beth only rolls her eyes at him.
“Baron Wolfgang Von Strucker,” Bruce says, sparing Loki a glance. “Remember when Loki reappeared, he blew through a Hydra compound in Sokovia? We couldn’t figure out why. This is the guy who was running it.”
“Come on,” Tony says, shifting in Steve’s hands, and Steve laughs. It’s just a small one, a low chuckle, but it’s enough to send a slow roll of pleasure up Tony’s spine. “Steve, baby, you’ve got me right here-
Tony spits, brushing his tongue a few times before taking the toothbrush out of his mouth. “She’s your friend,” he says, turning on the tap. He rinses away the toothpaste from the brush, his hands. Then he rinses his mouth out.
Steve’s never been good at listening to warnings.
“Not that I can see, sir.”
Steve pulls off immediately, a sheepish expression warring with one of absolute satiated smugness. “Mm,” he says, pillowing his head on Tony’s thigh, and Tony can’t deal with that.
CW: for major discussions of sexual assault. r word is used. then there's some explicit make-up sex. stay safe y'all.
“I just…it was really nice,” Steve finishes, awkwardly, and Tony nods encouragingly at him.
“Steve, it’s okay. Come on.” He puts a hand up to his ear, switching the comms back online. “Guys, Cap’s…real fucked up. This is some Black Swan shit. Are we good to go?”
“No! Just come back, let JARVIS handle it. You’re not okay-”
“Don’t,” Tony snaps. He shoves at Steve’s chest, eyes welling with tears. “Why is this happening to me? Please stop. Stop.” Steve grabs his wrists, tries to still his thrashing. He tucks Tony into his chest. He speaks it against the skin of his neck.
“Do you want a sticker?” Tony asks.
“She sounds like a lovely woman.”
“Let’s have it, old man.”
“Dunno. Should probably run some tests.”
“Stop what?”
Tony detaches a pair of the standard enhanced-dampening cuffs from his armour, and Natasha offers him a small smile as they close around her wrists. Her eyes float to half-mast.
Thor nods, glancing down at his folded arms. His expression softens, an unbearable kindness overtaking his face as he turns to meet Tony’s eyes. “You surprise me, too, Tony Stark,” he says solemnly. “Every day. But I shall comfort myself in the knowledge that humans have much less time to grow; you cannot take a thousand years to learn a lesson.”
Steve chuckles nervously. “Well, nobody wants to see someone they love hurt-”
“Over my dead body,” Tony says, cutting off that line of conversation before it can even get started, and Steve laughs. “I fly. I have a flying suit. It can go supersonic.”
, he can see Steve’s pupils dilate.
Tony huffs out a laugh.
Steve swallows and shoves that thought away, hard. He certainly can’t be thinking about that with Evan driving him home. He doesn’t think a heat with Tony would be what most alphas expect, anyhow. Tony himself was quite alpha, in almost every way. There’d been a lot of nasty articles that Steve had refused to read about how Tony used being stealth to hide that he was just like every other alpha: a wolf amongst sheep. Steve was pretty sure that was intolerant in some way, although he didn’t know precisely how. But Steve
in my lifetime
“For you,” Loki corrects, solemn, and Tony near about swallows his tongue. He reaches out a hand, flinching in surprise when it passes straight through Loki’s cheek.
“Why would I be mad?” Steve asked, exasperated, and Tony froze. His eyes flicked downwards, barely a tic, before he blinked once, twice. His nostrils flared.
Steve sat in a hotel room in Kazbegi, and he rubbed a hand over his face, and he wondered what the hell he was doing here, anyway. The wine in Georgia was excellent, as Thor kept telling anyone who would listen. The mountains were beautiful. And they had, in fact, found a Hydra cell in the country, one which the locals were incredibly happy to get rid of. Steve had eaten enough meat and cheese and dough to make himself nauseated, which was a mean feat considering how much he and Thor typically ate. Still, he couldn’t help but feel as though he was grasping at straws, trying to make up for feeling useless. He fucking hated feeling useless.
“Yeah, well,” Tony prevaricates. He spins in a circle in his chair, then flips an idle hand through the data Beth brought in. He pauses on Avery Yamashita’s face. “Turns out Steve might be a little less dead than we thought.”
“Hush,” Tony tells him, even as his stomach twists painfully, and Steve stops. He’s stiff as a board. “I just forgot to apply it this morning. Don’t get all twisted up about it.”
“Hey, gorgeous,” Tony breathed. He reached back, pulling his shirt over his head and letting it fall to the floor. “God, look at you.”
“Just, you,” Steve says, and he’s blushing, now. “I imagined it all sorts of ways. But I got to have you, last time, so this was something I’ve been thinking about a lot.”
“There?”
Steve feels the shaky, nakedly grateful smile that breaks over Tony’s face like it his own body: the ache in his cheeks, the heaviness of unshed tears in his throat. The tingle of his skin right before Reed claps a hand to Tony’s shoulder.
“I do not feel comfortable leaving you alone while you are compromised,” Stephen says, ignoring Tony’s jibes. Typical. He’s no fun.
“Shh,” Tony whispers, burying his fingers in Steve’s hair and drawing him up and into a kiss. He sucks Steve’s tongue into his mouth, running his nails down his scalp until Steve melts into him, moaning and weak to Tony’s ministrations. He pulls off with a gasp, and the kisses he presses to Tony’s neck are less frantic, more open-mouthed and hot with desire. “That’s it, baby. I’m right here.”
“She was alone?” Thor presses, and Tony frowns. Thor is always starving after a bifrost jump.
“Wait, what?” Tony says, a little shocked, but Steve’s shaking his head, a grimace on his face.
"So since you've kidnapped me," Pepper says, "sushi, and you can look over the new contracts?"
“I am,” Steve said, and it wasn’t until he said it that he realised it was true. “I’m feeling a lot better, actually.
Steve could feel Tony’s breath on his lips. His scent was everywhere, hot and interested, and Steve could feel his body responding despite his all-encompassing humiliation. He took a shaky breath, holding his ground, and Tony went preternaturally still. His eyes widened, and then he took a firm step back, drawing his chin in a little and raising his hands in the air in the universal sign of surrender.
It was first great betrayal of Tony’s life; not because no one had ever betrayed him before, because of course they had. Tony had learned from a young age who to trust and who was just looking for money and five minutes in the spotlight. But after a while, the shine wears off. Inevitably, Tony does something wrong. He forgets a date, or calls too late, or buys too extravagant of a gift. He wants to spend every free minute with his partner, which is overwhelming, but he doesn’t have much free time, which is neglectful. If anything, Tony shouldn’t be surprised that his so-called “soulmate” can’t stand to be around him. People don’t like the broken, greedy creature they find under the sheen of fame and wealth that Tony wields as both sword and shield to get him through the grating gauntlet of high society life, but it’s all Tony knows how to be. It’s all he can do. Steve was horribly, bone-chillingly right when he said it on the helicarrier. This damaged creature is all that’s left. It’s all he is. He doesn’t have anything else to give.
Tony swallows his smile. His fingers pause mid-gesture. “Perish the thought,” he says, but his heart isn’t in it. Steve suspects he knows where Tony’s head is going, and he doesn’t know what to do about it. He reaches a hand out, then lets it fall ineffectual into his lap. “Coordinates sent, no context, as requested.”
“I don’t know.”
to Tony. What a fucking plot twist. “If I had completed the mission, as ordered, I could have disabled Hasegawa. But I didn’t, and that’s on me.”
“I don’t know what I’m doing,” he says.
but it’s beautiful, too. Always. It catches him by surprise, every time,
“Reed told me there’s another universe where I’m a woman and we got married the day you died,” Tony says. There is no inflection in his voice, almost like he’s commenting on the weather, and so it takes Steve a moment to process what he’s saying. Then his heart picks up, thundering in his ears like a drum.
“Best of luck, Mister Stark. I hope to God somebody finds him. Sheriff’s a good man.”
Steve nodded, fingers moving mechanically on the glass. “I…okay.” He put the glass in the drying rack, then turned around. “I should probably wait in the heat room.”
––is leaning insouciantly against the bedroom door, a sadistic kind of glee in his eyes, and Tony can immediately feel his hard-on beginning to soften as terror and embarrassment take him over in turns. He glances towards the bathroom door with panic building in his chest.
Still, he doesn’t want to be left at the Triskelion. He wants to go back to the tower with Tony. So he gingerly pushes his body into the metal, slipping through the wall of the helicopter and climbing up into the seat next to him. Tony’s got his forehead pressed to the glass, his breath fogging the window. His expression is bleak as Steve’s ever saw it.
“All I get is sass,” Tony laments, heading into the bathroom. “No respect!”
, Steve thinks.
Tony rolls hies eyes, a smile escaping him despite himself. “Pepper said the same thing.” He takes a slice of toast and bites into it, sweet butter and warm bread like ambrosia. He scarfs it down with animalistic swiftness, reaching for another almost immediately.
“Is that…?”
almost two whole weeks to figure out that he’s unable to disobey a direct order from Steve, which just- what the hell is that? What happened to the days when he flew off the handle, unable to play well with others, a notorious wild card?
F I N E, he tells him. T H E N S L E E P.
“Bucky wasn’t in the surveillance footage we watched,” Steve says, but he’s beginning to look scared, too, now. “I would have remembered that.” The
Loki chuckles, low and patronising. “Tell me, Stark. Did you think I expected anything different? You and your Captain were circling each other like lions in heat long before I made a place for myself in your bed. I did not require the gift of sight to predict this outcome.” Which is just about what Tony had told Steve last night, but still. It’s a relief to hear it.
“Apologies, Captain, but ten minutes ago Sir and an as of yet unidentified young woman were taken by a masked team of assailants on the corner of Vassar Street and Massachusetts Avenue.” Steve’s stomach lurched uncomfortably as JARVIS pulled CCTV footage up on the window screens, overlaying it against the backdrop of sky and skyscraper. “He was not in the armour, as he was walking with a group of MIT students who won the SI Scholarship this fall. He had planned to treat them to lunch.”
“But some die of heartbreak,” Thor said, seriously. He did not phrase it as a question. “Sometimes, they go mad.”
“You’re one to talk,” Steve scoffs, before remembering himself. He winces, glancing out the window. “Sorry.”
Then, Tony tells him.
“You are attentive to the point of paranoia,” he tells Steve.
Not that he can really throw stones on the drunk front, or even the bad fashion front, but still. Saint Patrick’s Day is a crime against beauty and grace. He feels very strongly about this.
“Are we really gonna do this?” he asks, and Loki looks up at him, raising his head from where he’d been mouthing at Tony’s collarbone.
“Don’t start a fight you can’t finish,” Tony chided, waving a hand over his shoulder. “Or didn’t they teach you that in the army?”
I L O V E Y O U
“Do you want to know what I meant, when I called Stephen about consent issues?” Tony says, and Steve swallows. He nods. “When you offered to tonguefuck me in the stairwell? You almost demanded it. You were so disappointed when I wouldn’t let you, and I was so filthy, Steve, and still the very idea of it made my head spin. God, I was so tempted. I touched myself thinking about it, later.”
“I’m gonna be sick if I watch you put anything else in your face,” he’d claimed, shaking his head. “I’ll be in front of the TV if you need me, Cap.”
He’d never taken himself for the kind of man that held biases inside of him, deep down, lurking like a monster in the deep of his soul. He feels unclean, suddenly. He wants to wash himself clean.
The doors ping.
Still, going by the way Loki’s eyes widen at the words, he clearly doesn’t mind at all.
“I called myself a slut,” Tony says, slowly, and Steve clears his throat, looking uncomfortable. “I openly reclaim that label for myself all the time, Cap.”
“I dunno,” she purrs. Tony glances up to see the redhead tapping her chin, an exaggerated look of contemplation crossing her face. “An impossible genius, his blond war-veteran partner, and the long-suffering cop who has to mind them…”
Here’s a fact: Some people want to live more
“May I at last offer my sincere congratulations on your impending nuptials, Captain?”
“I was protected, apparently, but why didn’t it hit you?” Tony asks, letting Steve stand up. He watches as he shakes his head side to the side for a moment, brows furrowed.
He turns his phone over and over in his palm, but doesn’t power it on. He’d brought it with him in case the team needed him, for the tracking chip and Avengers’ beacon inside, but right now it was just another memory of Tony. The customised Stark phone had been handed off like it was nothing, the music library filled with albums organised by decade, by historical importance, by popularity. He remembers Tony teaching him to use it, fingers flying swiftly over the screen like he was playing an instrument. Tony was graceful, in his own economical way. It was all in the movement of his hands.
“Thanks,” he tells him, and Jim nods.
“What is Gyrich?”
” something whispers, and so he does. It takes him, and it feels like falling.
“I cannot tell you yet,” Loki says, sounding weary. His fingers tighten on Tony’s wrists again, reflexive and frustrated. It’s never enough to bruise. “I must convince you to trust me. Come now, Stark, breathe. That’s it, slower now. Let me help you.”
From the expressions on the faces of basically everyone in earshot, his act is about as transparent as cellophane.
“That’s rotten, Tony,” Steve says, as earnestly as he knows how. “I’m sorry.”
“Right, so, avoid the scary boyfriend.” Clint glances up at the ceiling. “Why do we do this job, again? Somebody remind me, because I can’t seem to remember why I’m living in a tower that’s basically a giant target for the villains of the world and intentionally putting myself in a position to fight somebody who’s called the Executioner.”
Steve grins, tugging Tony across the street. Tony lets himself be led, watching Steve with an indulgent expression. Steve stops under the big tree that overhangs the park, and points up.
Tony didn’t answer, instead letting Steve lay him out on the bed, covering him with his body as though he could protect Tony from all the shit in the world that wore him down. Steve wanted this so much. He wanted so badly for Tony to feel loved, to feel worthy. He didn’t know what else he could do.
The thing about Loki, Tony thinks, watching the wild grace with which he moves, is that in many ways he is so much less human than Thor. Thor was strong, practically invulnerable, and culturally alien, sure, but there was an empathy to him that Loki almost never let himself display. Tony had only really seen it twice, and both times were when one of them was having a fucking terrible PTSD flare-up. He isn’t sure that really counted.
“I owe you apples,” Tony told Flower, petting her nose gently. “Lots of apples. Sugar cubes, even.”
“You’re a lot easier to talk to over video, too,” Steve says, cutting right through Tony’s dramatics. It’s a nasty habit. Tony hates it. “It feels…maybe, like the stakes are lower?”
“I said no killing people we don’t like,” Tony says. His voice is strangely dead. It’s entirely devoid of emotion, in fact, which Steve knows from painful experience is never, ever a good thing. He stumbles quickly over to them, taking position naturally a half step behind, at Tony’s right.
“Come back to the couch,” he says, and Tony wavers in his arms, just the most miniscule of trembles before he once again turns to iron. Steve watches as he reassembles himself, straightens up, his chin tilting up as he takes a slow breath. When he opens his eyes again, they’re sharp, even against a backdrop of bloodshot red.
“Let’s move,” Tony says, flipping the faceplate shut. The Avengers file into the quinjet, Thor taking a moment to say something quiet to Loki, Widow squeezing Pepper’s hand before following Hawkeye out of view. Tony offers Pepper a salute, then nods at Loki. He watches as Loki raises a hand, the sigils on the ground lighting up as Clint powers up the jet, leaving it floating above the landing pad. The sturdy floor of the tower’s landing disappears, replaced by the purplish wisps of a cloud in a pre-dawn sky.
“Yeah,” Tony tells him, and Steve’s smile sparkles at him, white and gleaming, before he leans in and presses a small kiss to Tony’s nose.
“Not-”
“I’m still here,” he says, and Steve turns his head, covering Tony’s hand with his own and pressing a fervent kiss to the palm there. “I’m right here with you.”
Clint drops his head to the table. "Unbelievable."
Tony spreads his hands. “It’s a miracle Steve was my friend for so long.”
“I will tell her you said exactly that,” JARVIS says, a hint of humour in his voice.
Steve’s chest was aching as he listened to Bruce talk. He remembered the press of Tony’s lips over his chest less than an hour ago, the sound of him,
“What’s going on, buddy?” Tony asks, wiping his hands down with a rag. He moves over to the work sink to clean off the rest, but startles when a heavy hand clasps his shoulder. Thor leans down into his space, long hair tickling Tony’s neck while he approximates a whisper.
Steve feels a little bad leaving him there, but there’s certainly no bed big enough for him in the tower. He wonders if maybe the tower renovations include a space for Hulk. He knows Tony’s been working on making it a place for all the Avengers to use as a home base if necessary. Tony probably thinks he’s being sneaky about it, but Steve’s been an intelligence operative before, and Tony hasn’t been trying very hard to hide what he’s working on. There’s something to be observed there, about trust maybe, but Steve isn’t in the mood to look on the bright side.
“Tony,
“Tell him what? We don’t even know what the hell is going on yet. That’s what the meeting is for.”
Tony stares at him, searching. He's on the knife edge of lashing out and giving in, and Steve has learned nothing if not how to wait. If the blow comes, it will wreck him, but he's learned his lesson after fighting with Tony for years now. It hurts less to take the one hit than return volleys.
“Yes,” Tony says. He presses a kiss to Steve’s jaw, his collarbone, the smooth skin above his heart. “Steve.”
Steve’s pretty sure his face was red as a tomato by the time he left the bookshop, but the young man hadn’t said anything about it. If he’d recognised Steve, he didn’t say anything about that either. Towards the end, though, he’d also quietly handed Steve a book about questioning your sexuality when you’re an alpha from a traditional background, and something called “alpha-supremacy.” Steve has never heard the term before, but he’s pretty sure he gets the gist. He’s probably going to read that one next.
––and the sight of it is enough to startle. It’s not disguised as wariness, or hidden behind a defensive smile. It’s just there, on his face, bare and horrible to see.
Tony furrows his brow, but does as he’s told. He spans Steve’s trim waist with his calloused workman’s hands, running his fingertips along the peaks and valleys of muscle.
“Me, please,” Bruce says, not even looking up from his tablet.
“It’s alright,” Bruce said.
“Sen means a thousand,” she says. Steve furrows his brow, turns to look at her fully. “Her name. Chihiro means a thousand questions. That’s her power in the world; she doubts the face value of things. It saves her from the pig curse. But the witch took that away from her, and just leaves her with a thousand. She’s just one in a thousand workers. Sen.”
“Odin’s alive, or you would be a lot more upset,” Natasha observes, and Thor nods.
Tony grimaced. “It’s no better than I deserve.”
“Awesome,” Tony mutters. “Can you lie to him, get him away from Nat somehow?”
Steve paces the room a few more times. He pokes at the various projects Tony leaves half-finished everywhere. He peers at the old armours, feeling deeply unsettled when there’s no reflection to be seen in the highly polished metal.
“We had one for Lunar New Year,” he points out.
“Ghosts,” Peter says weakly, and both Steve and Tony’s eyes snap to him. Steve’s fingers slip through Tony’s skin, once again unable to touch.
“I’ve been told I come on too strong,” he says. He grins a little, lopsided. Hurt. “Side effect of being unused to anyone looking twice at me, I’d wager.”
Steve startles as the lights of a black car flick on directly in front of them, briefly blinding him. “You took your sweet time.” Bethany Cabe’s voice echoes menacingly, and Steve can feel his hackles go up. “Another catastrophe? Just couldn’t decide on what to wear?”
“Your mother, you said she came to you when she died,” Tony says, slowly. Loki freezes against his chest, and Tony lets out a small, disbelieving laugh. “You said she could see the future, that you saw things you didn’t like. You’re reading a quantum mechanics textbook. And you keep saying I don’t trust you ‘yet’, like you know it will happen, which is really out of character now that I think about it, for self-hating narcissists like us. And sometimes, you look at me, like you’re not seeing me, or maybe like you’re seeing a me that isn’t here-”
“Eat,” Steve told him, and Tony stared at him a long while before sitting on the edge of the bed and doing as he was told. It was the meekest Steve had ever seen him, and he didn’t know what to do with that. He was Tony’s omega, and his alpha was upset because of something he’d done. He didn’t know how to fix it. “What’s that called?”
has been
“Not at all, sir,” JARVIS says, gently enough that Tony feels warm inside. “Where would you like to go?”
“Right,” Tony says, staring blankly at the graphs in front of him. “Uncommon duress.” Tony blinks, then focusses. “Uncommon duress. JARVIS, map this like it was…say, a sound wave.”
“I’m not perfect,” Steve says, shaking his head. “I know I’ve hurt you, Tony, I
“I need Steve, as well,” Stephen says, and Tony blinks at him. “If he is the focus-”
“It’s like dating a teenager,” Tony said, but he was laughing. He hooked an arm around Steve’s and dragged him towards the gym showers. “Come on, pretty boy.”
Loki tilts his head to the side, expression one of earnest confusion. He’s easier, so close to sleep, more open. “This surprises you.”
“Steve,” Tony huffs, voice somewhere between laughter and anger, “I told you to stop apologising.”
This is like twice as long as the first chapter...lol.
Steve takes a deep breath, lets it out. “I don’t know,” he says. It takes a gargantuan amount of effort, but he knows better than to lie to a telepath. Everything inside of him is screaming at him to shut up, to obfuscate, but he’s trying this new therapy thing as it’s been presented to him. He doesn’t know if it will work unless he actually does it, right? “But I need to be out there, to watch his back. We’re partners.”
, he remembers, fat pink bursts of them, and then; the scent of familiar perfume.
“Well,” Clint says, “it isn’t
Steve blinks. “Oh,” he says, considering it. Then he shakes his head. “Tony would never go for that.”
Steve wants to say yes. He does. He’s loved Tony all the while;
“Come on, then,” he says, and Steve nods, pressing Tony back into the sheets. “My head’s killing me.”
Hulk shrugs again. His stomach rumbles, loud enough to shake the floor. “Banner worry too much. Just turn into Hulk again.”
Loki covers his mouth with one hand, eyes flashing wildly between green and gold. “Silence,” he intones, low and dangerous, and the voice that he speaks with is one from stories Tony’s atheist mind had always thought nothing of, a sound brimming up from stone-old tales and deep, unfathomed power. It is terrible. It echoes, in his ears and in his mind, and in the air skating over his skin. “You know nothing of which you speak, you impudent mayfly child. You have no concept of the possible ruin you could bring, not just to this world but to all nine realms, to galaxies, to your own stinking
