We see Dean, head in hands. Half-empty bottle of whiskey beside him at the table. He looks absolutely wrecked-- red rimmed eyes, the works, but he manages to rise to his feet when he sees his brother.
Dean’s head, turning back around and grinning. WIDEN to reveal Dean with a FRYING PAN full of pancakes. He flips them on to Sam and Jack’s plates with a spatula.
Not that we can see. All different ages, races, sexes. Socio-economic backgrounds. Crime scenes, let’s see--
, dear. I’m going to use grace from both of you to stop Chuck from entering here without exerting a significant amount of power.
...and re-form into the vast, dark space of a deserted ghost town. Footage from 2.21 ALL HELL BREAKS LOOSE PART ONE, in which our Dean watches JAKE TALLEY stab YOUNGER SAM in the back, while YOUNGER DEAN yells out--
Charlie and Stevie arm wrestling in the middle of the library, surrounded by a bunch of other hunters clapping and cheering--
You should kill me now Dean. You think I won’t find a way to get out? To come and rip apart everything you love?
We see Castiel on his own, in THE EMPTY. Inky darkness surrounds him. He is curled over in the fetal position... Silently, but unmistakably, weeping. After a moment, we hear his voice, muffled and almost incoherent--
He shoves at Sam’s shoulder as he passes-- Rowena and Sam both jerk to consciousness in his wake, and stumble clumsily up from the mattresses--
Chuck looks annoyed. Sits up, leans over and cuts off Dean’s prayer, tuning the dial to another station.
Agent Bon Jovi though? Really? When I saw that in the system, I thought I was being had. Rang up my predecessor and asked if it was a joke.
CLOSE ON a plate of mostly-eaten DESSERT PIE. PULL FOCUS to CASTIEL, behind the pie. Smiling softly.
Dean remains awake. He picks up his WHISKEY TUMBLER and gets up from his armchair, shuffling out of the room.
SUDDENLY, the WHOLE PLACE starts SHAKING. BEAMS OF LIGHT are beginning to crack through the darkness.
We pick up where we left off, with Dean and Jack looking horrified, Chuck looking smug, and Michael looking tired but not surprised.
He holds the door open, and Jack and Amara walk into the Roadhouse. As Amara passes, Ash adds an aside to her.
MID SHOT on the gathering. Most of the feast has now been cleared off the table. All that remains are scattered dessert bowls in various states of cleanliness. They’re all looking at Claire as she speaks.
Jack suddenly scrambles to his feet, as a CRACK OF LIGHT begins to SPLIT the air in the middle of the room.
Tragically, yes. You have no idea what a downgrade that is. Who wants to be a stupid, stinking, emotional pile of meat?
Dean rolls his eyes, but grins as he finishes the mix. He digs out a whiskey tumbler from under the counter, and pours out the drink.
CLOSE ON CHUCK-- who blinks, revealing one GLOWING GOD EYE and one INKY DARKNESS EYE. We hear AMARA’s desperate gasps for air...
An unfamiliar YOUNG MAN (early 20s, blonde, wearing sunglasses, a thin, ripped tank top and skinny jeans), who lines up in a food kitchen line.
The house in which Jack killed Nick, from 14.18 ABSENCE, in which YOUNGER DEAN is pacing after Mary’s death while YOUNGER SAM, YOUNGER CASTIEL and OUR DEAN watch--
Let me get this straight-- you’re going to break into the Empty, and then you’re going to find a way to bring back all those souls and put them into Jack, and then
CLOSE ON DEAN, working frantically working under the hood of THE IMPALA. He looks sweaty and exhausted. Various mechanical objects and car-care products are strewn around the garage.
ON THE WINDOW. Mammon is looking down at the car park through the broken glass, carefully hidden to the side of the window frame.
Camera pans through aisles in a hardware store, and lands on Dean browsing through a shelf carrying different types of light globes. Eileen is beside him, while Sam stands behind them both, pushing a large trolley.
The ROPE GLOWS WHITE, and then Rowena WHIPS OUT her RIGHT ARM towards the back wall-- channeling the power from Jack, it COLLIDES into the brickwork. A BLAST OF POWER STARBURSTS around the impact zone.
You say there’s no more Hell, no more demons, and I’m grateful-- but we got those maniacs wanderin’ out there right now--
CLOSE ON MARIE, finding something in one of her drawers. She brings it out into the light-- it’s a FRAMED PHOTO of the Supernatural Musical cast.
--but DEAN and CASTIEL don’t hear him-- the ANGELIC screech is too loud, and they are too busy staring at each other-- and the scene shifts again to--
Like hell, Dean! Dad didn’t have to do any of it. He was so fixated on revenge, we never got to be normal.
Claire grins despite herself. Looks away, hiding how fond her reaction is. Starts idly swinging her legs against the car.
He regards the shelf critically, and then sweeps several globes into the trolley without much thought.
Dean enters the kitchen first, switching on the light. Michael and Jack enter after him. Dean turns back to Michael, scowling slightly. He points at him, and then indicates the fridge.
Chuck conjures an ARCHANGEL BLADE, and walks over to his son. Michael looks terrified-- he backs up into some open cabinets, which spill plates and cutlery over him-- various items crash to the ground, some of the plates breaking as they do--
What makes you think I’ll accept your deal? I like my garden. I liked sleeping better, but there are some very pretty flowers here. Perhaps it wouldn’t be so bad to be awake... to cultivate my own Eden.
Meanwhile, our Dean is racing across the crypt to get to our Castiel, leaving Michael behind. He kneels down next to him and grasps his shoulder--
That means-- a lot, actually. And, Dean, I... I wanted to thank you for helping out. And just-- being nice.
Well, you must invite us for the wedding, at least. After all these years, it’s the least we deserve.
They knifed him. Carved up his pretty new face. The name ‘Lucifer’ doesn’t mean what it used to, thanks to the Winchesters. So, I thought-- maybe little Sammy really did it. Outsmarted me, outsmarted more than one King of Hell, and finally crawled his way to the
Seriously? Thanks. I mean, I was gonna offer. Moving things can’t be comfortable with your shoulder.
We watch from Dean’s POV as the younger Castiel disappears. He REAPPEARS behind Balthazar and STABS HIM with an ANGEL BLADE. Balthazar groans.
As the two remaining ex-demons advance, she backs away behind a stone column. Fires again-- HITS ONE, who goes down-- then DAMN. Out of bullets.
The-- souls. You told me, when Cas became God, it made him crazy. He couldn’t control it. Killed people. And I--
WIDE SHOT of DEAN AND SAM, sitting on the hood of the IMPALA. Staring up at the starry sky. Castiel’s truck has gone; he must have driven home at some point.
They get out of the car, slamming doors shut behind them. Both of them half-jog across the street towards the entrance of the building.
cocktail, I’ll grant you, but that’s all it is. It’s not yours. Being God isn’t something you are by default. He was... The Light. The Creator.
Some footage used from 5.09 THE REAL GHOSTBUSTERS in addition to new footage. Supernatural fans milling around a hall.
You don’t need to canonize us or anything. We’re the ones who are going to be doing most of the eating.
Explaining this to you will be a chore, won’t it? You see, your Jack wasn’t sure what to do with all those souls inside him. So he decided to give them a go at humanity.
It is strangely satisfying to dismember these food ingredients, knowing they will be ultimately used for a greater purpose.
But Dean, now that we know about Jack, now that Rowena can use Jack against him-- he can’t do anything to stop us. There will be a way. We’ll find one.
Meanwhile Jack cries out, and starts shaking-- BLACK VEINS start CRAWLING UP HIS SKIN, his eyes UNFOCUSED...
WIDE SHOT of Dean, sprawled on the table-- Sam yells out and runs from the library, but Jack is closer-- he gets to Dean’s side and leans over him.
Dean looks up, aghast. The scene around them has frozen, and the younger Dean and Castiel are stuck in a tableau where we left them.
No, that’s fair. You’re right, it’s going to be hard. And, we have to educate people that, you know.
Chuck sighs. Disappointed with how easy it was to kill her. He turns back to the final rogue element, Castiel--
Everyone takes a seat at the table and begins to serve themselves food. People pass plates around. ALL SMILING. Talking animatedly with each other.
Michael’s grace because it’s connected to God’s, and Jack’s because it’s been merged with the Empty’s energies?
Continue tracking as they walk to their car-- careful framing and focus reveals very little of what’s around them, but we do see a few abandoned shopping carts.
I was being overwhelmed by the things inside me, consumed by them, but-- then they stopped. And I was here again.
WIDE HIGH ANGLE on the same setting and shot, but the time of day has shifted. The tree by the lake is whole and living. Everything has a slightly dreamy quality. Color grading emphasizes blues, pinks and purples. And one figure standing alone in the middle of the space...
Jack stands to his feet, leaving Castiel looking up at him-- terrified at what he might be about to lose.
Just a warning, boys-- this really isn’t my area of expertise. It’s less of a delicate medical procedure and more me sticking my head into hot water and letting you know whether my burns are first, second or third degree.
Wide shot as the Bunker shaking stops. Rowena sweeps her hands out, and WIDE GLASS WINDOWS appear on various walls.
is what I want. Just you two, alone, two brothers together at the end of the world. No distractions, no complications-- just the tragedy of knowing you’re all that’s left, and that you failed to save anyone.
MID SHOT OF DEAN, lying upright on his bed. Still fully clothed. Jiggling his leg restlessly as he listens to music using his BIG BLACK HEADPHONES. He stares at the wall, deep in thought.
Jack, looking forward, suddenly turns to Sam with alarm. Sam hangs up, THROWS THE PHONE INTO THE BACK SEAT, and abruptly HARD TURNS THE WHEEL--
You know, last time someone tried to absorb a bunch of souls and become God, it didn’t end so well. Why would this be any different?
Mid shot of Dean and Cas, left alone in the driveway. A formidable silence hangs between them. The elephant in the room louder than ever.
He snaps his fingers, and A HORDE OF MONSTERS appear all around Sam and Dean. All types of species from past seasons-- vampires, werewolves, banshees, croats, rawheads, tulpas, wraiths, wendigos, Jefferson Starships... the works.
Inside the Impala. CLOSE ON DEAN, sitting down in his Baby. Taking a deep breath, closing his eyes, and dropping his forehead on to the wheel.
I was Dad’s soldier, and then I was Michael’s Sword, and right up until the end I was Chuck’s plaything. You know how screwed up I was over Chuck. I’ve never felt like I was in control of our lives-- of
You know, back when it was just a regular old apocalypse, Cas was the first one to give up. Said we should just start drinking.
You know what? I’m going to take a step back now. Leave you two to simmer in desperation a bit more.
I know some of you were worried about such a large group of us meeting when-- well, historically that hasn’t gone so well. But I promise we have, uh. The best protection we could possibly have.
JUMP CUT. Jack, Dean and Sam in front of the television-- the latter two are sitting in the armchairs on each side of the couch. Jack knocks over his POPCORN AND COKE when something on screen happens-- food and drink spills across the couch and floor. He looks up, mortified, but Sam just laughs and Dean smiles.
No. The amount of grace it would take to rival Him is inconceivable. Even myself and Lucifer combined would not be enough.
Oh, no. This isn’t going to be a fair fight. Are you insane? Sam, you’ve got like, a whole foot on me.
Yeah, we got an old file pulled up that had your number attached to it. Said to call if we ever heard any funny gang activity that mentioned a particular code name.
One thing I regret is that John never gave you a taste for the finer things in life. Maybe if you’d had a little luxury, you would have clutched tighter to that crown. But I digress.
Yeah, I just. I love her. And I wanna marry her. I haven’t got the ring yet, or anything. But losing her made me realize how much I-- you know, I got a second chance. A third chance, actually. I’m not gonna screw it up.
The other worlds are gone. There was only one world Jack and Amara had the foundations of, only one universe they had loved well enough to rewrite.
That reminds me. Come with me, Jack, Michael-- I want to use you two to set up some wards around the place.
The wind whips at her long hair and her pantsuit. But she is unmoving-- still ethereal, still indomitable. In spite of the power she lost.
CLOSE ON the edge of the laptop, as Becky closes it – but focus centered on the Supernatural FUNKO POP DOLLS, Sam and Dean. They wobble slightly from the impact of the laptop closing.
You know Cas possessed me, right? It was seriously-- I can’t even describe it. Said stuff about how I was chosen, how it was in my blood, and that he could save my dad. So I just said yes. And then it was... Like a rollercoaster ride that just kept falling, and falling. I would have been screaming the whole time, if I could’ve opened my mouth. But even when I was out of my mind, I got glimmers of his thoughts. His feelings.
WIDE AERIAL SHOT as THE IMPALA pulls into the Men of Letters driveway. The first light of day is breaking through the cloud cover. Scattered sounds of distant birdsong. It’s quiet... PEACEFUL. SAM AND DEAN WINCHESTER step out of the Impala, and the doors slam shut on either side.
Then we deal with it. Whatever comes. ’Sides, how much demon blood can there be left out there in the world?
Overhead shot of A CELEBRATION in the war room-- a party. The war room hasn’t been this crowded in a long time. Most people are wearing the obvious uniform of American hunters; plaid, denim, leather, and easy confidence.
On Castiel-- eyes welling with tears. A small, disbelieving smile. He’s too shocked to form a reply. Then Dean brings it all down to a single question.
The title of the series refers to script revision colours - ‘Goldenrod’ is one of the latest revision colours made on a script for a show like
MID SHOT from the center of the table, with the war room archway in the background. We see Sam flicking through pages of the books--
For you, because of you... as Adam would say, “whatever helps you sleep at night”. I, of course, found this statement ludicrous whenever he said it, since neither of us could sleep in the Cage.
It surprises you that beings with minds far more powerful than yours could possibly think this through.
Ah, ah, there’s-- new rules. Things don’t work the way they used to. The spirits of the dead aren’t-- in the Veil, anymore--
Come on, Dean. Look at you! You’re pathetic. Is this what the angels crafted? Hell’s most intimidating torturer, made into a weak, scared little
Man, he was fun for a while, but I shouldn’t have brought him back after the Apocalypse. Tried killing him again, of course. Remember the Leviathan thing? The drama, the buildup, the lake exit, I thought I was being nice. More than he deserved, really. But things got kinda boring without him--
Seems like my Father only saw fit to bring back the characters He thought mattered. Which brings me to--
MID SHOT TRACKING THE RIDER. The black motorcycle helmet covers their face, but the ICONIC LONG LEATHER JACKET lets us know it’s BILLIE THE REAPER.
WIDE EXTERIOR SHOT of the Bunker stretching out from the ground, lower levels breaking free to the surface.
BIRD’S EYE STREET VIEW straight down on a BANKED-UP HIGHWAY. Cars abandoned mid-traffic jam. Match cut to--
Dean looks up as MORE LIGHT SHAFTS open up in the sky, a SCREECHING NOISE of ANGELIC GRACE echoes, and the scene dissolves into--
Mostly, yes. I took your suggestions to heart. Although I wasn’t sure how to incorporate the dispensaries.
The Empty looks down in bewilderment at the blade through its chest. Michael removes the blade, but there’s no tell-tale glow--
Why doesn’t Cas have much stuff in here? I thought there might be something I could... remember him by. But it’s like he never lived here at all.
I mean, you guys knew I was watching you! You knew I was listening! And I told you! You can get all the angels and demons outta hell you want. I’m God, and now that I have Amara’s power? No matter what you try, it will never be enough.
Meanwhile, Sam rushes over to Dean and cuts through the ties around his wrists. He gives Dean a look-- ‘are you okay?’. Dean gives him a brief nod of reassurance. Then Sam looks to Alastair with disgust.
. But even if I wasn’t-- you really think as soon as I learned God existed, I wasn’t going to have a contingency so you couldn’t wipe me off the board?
I am. Jack, I suppose, is something like an angel. He held on to my grace. I wanted him to. In case something goes wrong.
We open on the outside of the Bunker. A WIDE SHOT of the driveway reveals MANY PARKED CARS. Mostly trucks and classics. Eileen’s red PLYMOUTH VALIANT is among them.
She gets up to leave, following Castiel back out of the room. We’re left with Dean and Michael, simmering in silence. Michael watching Dean with vague curiosity. Dean pacing up and down the floor, restless. Barely stopping himself from punching something.
Whatever happened with that bomb, and with the Empty-- it’s like it turned me into some sort of vacuum.
A DARK-HAIRED WOMAN, from the knife fight in the opening of 15.22 LET IT BLEED. The woman looks down at her. Smiling deviously.
I will explain all of it, to everyone. But before I asked anything, before I gave anyone hope, I wanted to ask your permission... as the plan requires use of your vessel.
You know, all those years ago-- right before the Winchesters sent us to the Cage-- you were trying to talk me into rebelling against His plan.
Sam finally looks away from the road to Jack-- but suddenly, a ROCK SONG RINGTONE plays out loudly and breaks the moment. Both of them look down to--
Each night the doctor is allowed to save one player. But they don’t know whether they’ve saved the right one.
He flicks his index finger, and Dean levitates over the balcony-- his body hovers for a moment, then goes CRASHING DOWN INTO THE WAR TABLE below.
Time in the afterlife realms moves differently. But I don’t know if there’s a-- a formula for the Empty, exactly. We know so little about it.
There’s a brief silence, as Rowena fiddles with the book she has propped open on her lap, and Sam stares very hard at the table between them. Then Rowena speaks-- deliberately casual. Still not looking up from her book.
WIDER out reveals the shop name on the window (still barely legible) BEN’S BOOKENDS. Nobody who passes by is paying it much attention.
Uh, uh, uh. I don’t want your vessel damaged. You’re going to be in pristine condition. After all, you would never gift a master craftsman a used canvas.
OUR DEAN is clutching the trenchcoat in a mirror of the scene from 7.17 THE BORN-AGAIN IDENTITY. He thrusts it towards OUR CASTIEL, now dressed as he was in that episode.
A copy of the scene in Bobby’s living room from the end of 4.22 LUCIFER RISING-- The lights are STILL shining brightly on their faces, the scene is almost entirely white-- A younger Chuck is in the background saying something--
Castiel stands out of learned politeness, but he’s uneasy on his feet and looking a little confused.
A beat, as they all look on Jack’s motionless form. Then, steeling himself, Castiel bites the bullet.
Sam and Jack breathe deeply, staring at the shitstorm in front of them. Only now fully grasping the extent of what Chuck has done.
The interior of the Impala. Dean is sitting in the driver’s seat, with Castiel riding shotgun. Castiel’s costume matches 9.06 HEAVEN CAN’T WAIT-- but he’s OUR CASTIEL.
Dean stands up and rummages in the cabinets behind him before drawing out a BIG, FLUFFY QUILT. He drops it gently over Eileen and Sam from behind the couch, and then presses a hand on to Sam’s shoulder briefly.
Well, not at the moment. But it’s a fairly delicate wall holding back those souls. One I wouldn’t want to shake too hard.
WIDE SHOT on the Bunker exterior. Amara walking down the driveway, away from the Bunker. Castiel and Jack follow close behind her.
He forces Castiel’s eyes back up to him, in exactly the same CLOSE SHOTS as in 4.22 LUCIFER RISING-- Beams of light are once again LIGHTING THEIR FACES--
Claire is thrown by Castiel’s intensity. She looks at Cas. Then speaks in a rush, as though she needs to get rid of the words as quickly as possible.
. In the context of the episode, it obviously refers to both turning over a new page for the alternate ending and so on, but also to the lyrics about being exhausted of performing and life on the road.
I made the Roadhouse a suggestion box. You read every submission... before burning each one with your lighter.
And that’s another thing. If he’s God, how come he’s here right now and not out there saving the people that are bein’ murdered!
We see the younger Dean smile and joke with Lisa, as our Dean stares on, lost. Convinced he’s back in a loop of his own regrets.
Half-past ten. I understand it must be hard to keep track inside this place. The lack of windows... something about it is not dissimilar to the Cage.
The barn from 4.01 LAZARUS RISING is OVEREXPOSED, all the lights SPARKING WILDLY overhead. CLOSE ON DEAN and CASTIEL, faces only inches apart.
Younger Dean goes back to unpacking his bag. The younger Castiel watches him cautiously from his carefully distanced perch alongside a motel room wall.
Rowena smiles at Castiel. Slightly condescending. Not the first man who has underestimated the true reach of her knowledge and ability.
Dean is thrown by this. He can’t bring himself to piece together the entirety of what Michael is hinting at, but he understands enough.
Dean says the last word like he can’t quite believe it’s true, and yet-- for one of the first times in his life-- it really, sincerely is.
What’s the point of being God if I can’t save the people I love? If I can’t make the world perfect? I could stop people dying. I could stop anyone from ever dying again.
You always said that nobody in their right mind would choose this life. That you wished you could do something other than hunting.
Dean groans. Blood is spilling profusely from his wounds, particularly around the spike in his chest.
Castiel and Jack are walking up the Bunker’s driveway, a long road that is lined with trees on either side. (Note: similar to the driveway shown in 8.20 PAC-MAN FEVER where possible, but spaces in trees should show fields and open sky rather than industrial buildings.)
He clearly means both the Winchesters here, but this still cuts Dean far too close to home. While Dean struggles with his composure--
Castiel and Eileen are washing dishes. We can hear laughter and general frivolity coming from the main rooms. Suds are spilling over the sink as Castiel scrubs. Eileen is drying with a towel and putting plates back onto a drying rack.
OFF DEAN, helpless to stop him. Edging closer and closer towards Castiel in a fruitless attempt to protect him...
A pause, as Jack remembers the act, and the consequences. His next words come slowly, a half-whisper of self-flagellation--
Jack looks at Rowena, and nods determinedly. Without hesitation, he takes up a SHARP KNIFE from the table and SLICES DEEP INTO HIS ARM. Sam is alarmed--
Our Dean starts PUMMELING THE WALLS again, yelling angrily as each punch makes contact with the wall--
Sam reaches the archway of the war room, and he and Jack stare up at the balcony. Lucifer smiles back. Malevolent, evil, and a total dick.
On Jack and Dean, as the light fades away. Dean lowers his arm from where he has been shielding his eyes.
to him. On my knees, and everything. Told him I’d give him anything he wanted. Let you kill me. Just as long as--
The others all raise their glasses/bottles, and drink to that notion. Pamela pours Bobby and Ellen another drink from one of the bottles on the table, which Bobby downs immediately.
WIDE SHOT from the side of the church as we see the EX-DEMON GANG and DARK-HAIRED WOMAN point guns towards each other--
Oh, yes. Rumor is, you Winchesters had something to do with the big upheaval in the sky. Well, on behalf of all those souls you freed?
You never cared about anyone but yourself, Chuck. That was your weakness. That is what will be your downfall.
dangles from the rear-view mirror-- engraved with words from the Bible. “Faith is being sure of what we hope for”.
We see various wide shots of world cities, accompanied by COMPLETE SILENCE. New York’s Times Square empty. Large train stations without a soul in sight. An empty children’s playground. A beach populated only by towels and umbrellas.
Slow zoom on Jack as he walks up the stairs of the raised platform to the TELESCOPE. Meanwhile, off-camera, we hear scuffling and muffled laughter-- sounds like both Eileen and Dean have found something extremely funny.
. The camera focuses on specific ones during the sequence, but still leaves enough room to identify a lot of other media (newspaper cuttings, monster sketches, etc.) and miscellaneous items spread out around the journal. Photographs should include: an official black and white photo of the British Men of Letters members, inclusive of MICK DAVIES and ARTHUR KETCH; a GHOSTFACERS
It’s not the power, or the status, or even the ability to pulverize anyone that irritated me into atoms.
Sam and Eileen share an amused look, and then Sam starts lip syncing himself. Overdramatically singing to Eileen, who laughs.
I think that blood acted a bit like Miracle-Gro on a sapling. And, well... Fergus always was soft, even as a demon.
Dean scrambles away, running as fast as he can-- but where can he go? There’s nothing but empty space.
Dean, you mustn’t incite a minor biblical war just to keep things interesting. Speaking of the Heavenly Choir, where has your cute angel gotten to?
Jack offers a hand of comfort, and Castiel looks at him. Overwhelmed with emotion-- gratitude for every little thing that allowed him to meet his son... and grief for the future they might not get to have.
The Empty SCREAMS IN FURY. Michael lets out a burst of healing GRACE-LIGHT, fixing Dean’s stab wound.
A short series of JUMP CUTS show time is passing, as piles of books appear and disappear around him at the table. Sam’s posture gets worse and worse as the night goes on, and he looks like he might nod off once or twice. But he forces himself to stay awake and keep searching for anything that could help.
As much as I wanted to draw this out... you’re right. Winchesters are a homing beacon for all sorts of unsavory company.
The typical hustle and bustle of a city. Commuters rushing past, heedless of the lost soul within their midst.
He stands to his feet, and saunters over towards the Winchesters. Then stops dead in his tracks. Astounded.
Sam and Eileen, sharing Sam’s room. GETTING DRESSED. Sam is brushing his teeth over the sink. He turns around to smile playfully at Eileen with a MOUTH FULL OF TOOTHPASTE. Eileen turns away, rolling her eyes-- but she’s grinning. Fond.
MID SHOT ON SAM, clearly VERY TIRED-- red eyes, yawning. A few bottles of whiskey and glasses are still on the table from when the boys made a toast. Rowena enters from the archway that leads to the war room, and looks at him in horror.
In a church, where a bored ANAEL/SISTER JO is sorting money out in a cash box. She looks up as a shadow falls over her desk.
So, these new bodies people are wearing. Did they exist before the Fall? Like, did people get their old bodies back, or did Jack randomly generate new ones?
(Note: Special title card – black text being typed on a white screen as per formatting of a script title.)
We see YOUNGER DEAN, YOUNGER SAM, AND ELLEN and JO HARVELLE enter the hardware store. Footage used from 5.10 ABANDON ALL HOPE. Quick cuts of everything that goes on as the gang scramble to defend against the hellhounds.
Dean turns around. Sees his DESK. He walks to it and opens the top drawer-- fumbles around among the pile of OTHER PHONES. Finds the buzzing one, and picks it up. It’s a really old flip phone, the model used in early seasons.
Ordinarily I’d suggest finding a way to juice him up... If there were angels around, we could drain them, but if Lucifer’s grace wasn’t enough to charge up the battery--
Then keep a few, few enough that you can silence them when you need. Few enough that your energy won’t be wasted on subduing millions.
REVERSE to an over the shoulder shot. The camera zooms in slowly, but we still don’t see Becky’s face, or what’s on the screen.
Charlie here hacked her own way out of her Heaven. Saved her mom, and then started busting in on other people. That’s how I discovered her. A bug in the system that I didn’t plant.
CLOSE ON OUR DEAN, who yells out in frustration as he punches THROUGH THE WALL and lets in a BEAM OF LIGHT--
Did you know Ash speaks Enochian? The way he’s broken through the encryptions here-- it’s incredible. You wouldn’t happen to have time to look through some code we’ve been translating--
Dean walks down the corridors of the Bunker, dragging a hand absently along the walls. The camera lingers as Dean’s hand passes and we see a SCRATCH in the walls where Billie dragged her scythe in 15.18 DESPAIR.
Suddenly a BURST OF PURPLE LIGHT, and ROWENA, SAM and JACK stand in an unoccupied section of the kitchen. JACK and ROWENA both with GLOWING EYES.
No, Dean. I would never change you. No matter how infuriating you can be. You’ll be every inch the flawed, psychologically damaged man you are right now.
That was-- when I was young. When Castiel realized what I was doing, he taught me how to stop myself. I mentioned something to him that I had read from his own emotions, and he-- he told me there are some things that people don’t want shared, or talked about. He said that humans would consider it a violation to have obtained such knowledge without their consent.
Sam is caught off-guard by this-- by Jack’s change in countenance and sudden vulnerability. He walks over to Jack, and sits down in a chair next to him.
We see BECKY ROSEN get into a fight with another fan. Both pushing each other over to get a good vantage point.
All good things take time to mature. And you, Dean, you were a vintage I didn’t see coming. Of course, I do take credit for that as well. Who knew that burning Mary on that ceiling forty years ago would lead to such a delicious result?
Dean tries to work that one out... then gives up when he realizes the implications will be bad no matter which way he swings it.
I was going to look into some of our spell books to see if there’s anything Rowena can work with. You could look into researching the lore on the Empty?
Slow zoom on the back of Dean, Sam, Cas and Jack in low-lying beach chairs. Toes in the sand. Nothing in front of them but the wide, endless ocean.
But she’s interrupted by the sudden reappearance of JACK beside the bar. His eyes no longer glowing.
Azazel SCREAMS. His eyes ROLL UP IN HIS HEAD and start BLEEDING-- he SHUDDERS, and starts COUGHING UP BLOOD-- and then slumps over. DEAD.
We see The Empty looking confused at this tangent, and then-- Michael STABS his counterpart-lookalike through with the ARCHANGEL BLADE.
Orders? Cas, you saw him. He’s drinking demon blood. It’s so much worse than we thought. Dean was trying to stop him.
WIDEN TO REVEAL EMPTY-AS-MEG once again. The Empty sits down casually on the table next to the younger Castiel’s body.
Castiel frowns, genuinely perplexed. Slight head tilt. Still the same Castiel Dean knows... and loves.
When Jack and I remade the world, we existed outside time. But now, we must operate under the laws of the universe again.
EXTREME WIDE SHOT of a SCENIC LAKE. Thousands of stars in the clear night sky. Those same constellations reflected on to a perfectly still lake.
Satisfied with her safety for now, Rowena delicately tip-toes down the stairs. Sam puts away his laptop and stands up to join her at the foot of Jack’s bed.
Dean smiles slightly... and then claps his brother on the back and steps back. He sees Jack off-camera.
No, not today, but... someday. They have to die eventually. Everything does. And you-- you have to accept that, Jack. Even if you’re God, you can’t just keep bringing people back.
Dean opens the door to his room-- it’s dark inside. As he crosses the space, we see his bedroom also now has a paned window. He closes the curtains on either side of it, shutting out the night sky.
Some footage used from 12.10 LILY SUNDER HAS SOME REGRETS. A younger Castiel, in a female vessel, watches on as Akobel is killed by his comrades.
And what about the Empty? When Cas dies, he has to just relive his regrets over and over? If anyone deserves to be in Heaven--
I hate this. We’re basically just regular feds now. What happened to good old-fashioned sulfur-sniffing? A little ‘Christo’ here and there?
But even as she speaks, other demons and angels, coming into consciousness, are scrambling to their feet and launching themselves at each other in fury.
Chuck raises another SPIKE through the ground, spearing through Dean’s LEFT CALF-- he SCREAMS in agony as it RIPS THROUGH HIS FLESH.
But Sam has already walked off towards the war room. Dean follows. Behind them, Castiel notices the movement and murmurs an apology to Charlie and Stevie.
ON DEAN, taking a moment to close his eyes, as though in silent prayer. He braces himself, steps out of the car, and--
That’s where you come in. Dean once told me about your-- I believe he called it a ‘hack’, is that correct?
Dean tries to hit Mammon again, but he’s EXHAUSTED-- Mammon dodges easily, and Alastair swings his blade down and STABS THROUGH DEAN’S SHOULDER BLADE.
Jesus, Mary and Joseph. No more o’ this Heavenly shopping list tripe. Cas, tell us about Sam and Dean.
Thank you so much to everyone who read this – and a very special thanks to the people who commented or messaged me about it and cheer-led me through to the end.
On Dean, seat empty beside him. Smiling, but looking down... some melancholy there. His chair squeaks against the floor as he stands up.
Perhaps I don’t know you. After all, everything we think we are was written by Chuck. Can we claim to truly know ourselves outside of him?
AERIAL WIDE SHOT on the outside of the Bunker. The Waywards are saying goodbye to Castiel, Jack and Eileen.
He breaks his gaze away from Castiel, and runs his hand through his hair nervously. Now he’s the one looking at the sunset, and Castiel is the one riveted by him.
She HEALS DEAN of his injuries (in a shot mirror of 5.22 SWAN SONG again-- ‘Cas, are you God?’). Dean looks away, shaken.
Death DISAPPEARS and REAPPEARS right IN FRONT OF DEAN’S FACE. Dean FLINCHES, but maintains eye contact.
Maybe you will. But you do that, and I’ll be waiting. You’re a human now, Alastair. You’re not special. You’re just a sick man with a prison sentence.
CLOSE ON JACK. A fragile smile. Castiel’s words have given him some reassurance... but have not erased his doubts.
Castiel sighs, and starts draining the dirty water out of the sink. As he does, Eileen picks up another plate and starts drying again.
We get a JUMP CUT MONTAGE from a WIDE HIGH ANGLE showing the passage of time as Dean, Sam and Eileen renovate the Bunker war room. Several shots in quick succession showing Sam and Eileen moving tables and furniture around. Dean attempting to move something-- wincing. He rubs his injured shoulder, and switches to using his good arm instead. Sam replacing old operation dials with modern interfaces. Eileen painting over brick walls with lighter colors.
Sam and Dean stride through the garage towards the Impala. Defensive body language signaling a FIGHT--
Then we find a way to break the deal. When we made a deal with Billie to break out of that facility in Colorado, Cas broke the deal for us. We’re just returning the favor.
The room dissolves into chaos as most react to this with laughter and some with exclamations of various kinds.
You don’t have to be perfect at something instantly. You just have to keep trying until you get it right.
I’m just your honey trap, huh? Butter ’em up, make ’em tipsy, then let you give them the Sam Winchester recruitment speech.
Some footage used from 7.17 THE BORN-AGAIN IDENTITY, as a YOUNGER DEAN WINCHESTER confronts YOUNGER CASTIEL and DAPHNE ALLEN. A typical couple, in a typical suburban home-- normalcy utterly disrupted by the presence of this interloper.
No. Look, I mean, there’s just been a lot of violence around here recently, you know? And my wife, and my kid...
Footage from 10.22 THE PRISONER, in which YOUNGER SAM AND DEAN burn the remains of CHARLIE BRADBURY--
Time has clearly passed since we were last here; the study is even messier than before. DIRTY PLATES are scattered around, along with few candy wrappers and discarded soft drink cans. Rowena is lying passed out in a SLUMP, on a make-shift bean bag of several blankets and plaid jackets. Sam is staring at a book in front of him. Jack is playing on a NINTENDO SWITCH.
He makes another flicking motion-- and Rowena FLINCHES AND GASPS IN PAIN-- and JACK GOES FLYING-- landing against the BROKEN TREE TRUNK. HEAVY IMPACT. He falls to the ground in front of it. SLUMPED OVER. HEAD BLEEDING.
In my experience, when faced with the void of one’s own demise, humans find solace in the idea of legacy. So let me comfort you with this; every single other world was a sacrifice made so that you might live freely. Every being in those other universes were just different programs that puttered around in different mazes. And every different iteration was created and destroyed for the sake of this world, with this version of you two. The Winchesters that achieved true consciousness. Well, with the help of the bug in the system.
Dean tries and fails to get to his feet. He struggles, half-crawling in The Empty’s direction, still clutching his throat.
Just tell us what you do know, and we’ll work from there. But you started this thing. You gotta trust these people from the get-go. They’ll sense the slightest hint of doubt from you and buck, quick as a horse.
What makes you think people will accept us? We tell people who we are, what we are-- we’ll just be made outcasts. It’s fine for someone like
Castiel was meant to die in the attempt to save you from Hell. He was meant to die in a barn soon after. He was meant to die again, and again, and again, and yet it never stuck. I always wondered why-- why he was the exception to the rule. No matter what I did, my subordinates could never pin him down long enough to squash him.
Clips of Sam and Dean from various episodes, on cases, joking around, crying together, looking over funeral pyres...
Footage used from 10.09 THE THINGS WE LEFT BEHIND, in which Dean is slaughtering the loan shark gang.
There’s strength in numbers. And change isn’t going to happen overnight, but it will come. We just have to keep telling people, keep proving that what we say is true. It’s our job to illuminate the darkness; people will turn away. People will be scared. But that doesn’t mean that we should shelter them, or ourselves. We need to have the truth out there.
could create entire worlds? Do you know how hard it is to juggle that many storylines, that many character arcs? All those universes full of syndication-worthy premises, and the only people who know the true extent of my genius don’t even
Michael ignores her, seeing Dean and Castiel running towards him. Meg double-takes, then looks very pleased.
Sam and Eileen exchange an eyebrows-raised look of disbelief. Dean’s friendly suburbs persona out in full.
ANGLE ON CHUCK. He’s in a tropical t-shirt, sunglasses resting on his head. Tan lines around where the sunglasses have been on his face. Snacks and drinks scattered all around him. Chuck frowns at the screen. He stands up, crumbs falling to the floor-- and with a SNAP of one hand, he changes into a BURGUNDY SUIT. Tan lines and sunglasses gone. His other hand now holding a REMOTE CONTROL.
The change can be... frustrating. When there are people you love that you can’t help anymore. But humanity has its benefits.
Mm, no. I don’t know what weird nonsense you cooked up with that soul bomb, but Jack here couldn’t use that energy if he tried.
What if we keep waiting? Maybe Chuck will keep sending things to fight us, and I’ll slowly get enough power--
He shrugs. Holds out the folder to Dean. Picks up his coat from where it has been hanging off the edge of his desk.
Alright, I was going to humor your dream of defeating me for a bit longer. I might have even let you watch the end of the show. But now you’re just getting on my nerves.
What, another motel? Seriously? These guys not get enough of the genuine Pit Ritz experience at the last one?
Rowena, Sam and Jack are lying on top of mattresses. They’re in semi-darkness, with a few candles providing light here and there. Books and snacks scattered on the floor around them. It looks a bit like a teenagers’ sleepover.
She briefly looks disappointed. Then smiles, gestures towards the corridors, like ‘I’m gonna put these bags down and be back...’
I’m not sure he would appreciate me sharing that. I certainly don’t think he appreciated hearing it.
I must have stood outside your dorm for hours... because I didn’t know what... What you would say. I thought you’d tell me to... to get lost. Or get dead. And I don’t know what I would’ve done... if I didn’t have you. ’Cos I was so scared.
If we are dying, or dead, I’m glad we’re in this place, whatever it is. When I was in the Empty, all I was allowed was my own regret. Here, I feel like I’m at peace. But...
There’s a moment of tense silence. Nobody has quite forgotten that Michael was once their adversary... and that Dean is the Michael Sword.
I know. But don’t think I will return to Heaven for a long time, so... I wanted to enjoy it, just for a moment.
My power is not compatible with Heaven. Heaven is the purest expression of God’s power; my essence would corrupt it. Make it imperfect.
when humans die. Next thing you know, I’ll have to hand out forms for them to complete on the way out.
CLOSE ON a WITCH’S BOWL OF INGREDIENTS sitting on a table. Rowena’s hands are moving over the smoking concoction, adding flower petals and dropping in a lit match. Tilt up to reveal Sam, Rowena, Dean, Michael and Jack standing around it. A SALT CIRCLE surrounds the party. All except Michael and Dean look a little apprehensive.
Everyone looks up. ANGLE ON DONNA, coming in the Bunker entrance-- holding about five trays of COFFEE.
Hence the need for modification. But it should be close enough-- we have the blood of a Nephilim, and we are trying to bring back the angel he considers a father.
But the things that were in there, they’re-- I mean, Lucifer, and Azazel, and the Leviathans, and the rest, they’re just walking around now?
Dean is still on the motel bed, but now it’s a double rather than a single. He looks around, struggling to place the memory. The wallpaper in this motel is cool-toned, and the walls are lined with tasteful wood paneling.
You ever see that show about the two brothers? One of them trying to free the other from jail? What was it called?
Though... maybe we all overestimated the Lightbringer. I heard whispers the Prince got brought back human, same as the rest of us. Landed in Detroit, as it happens. Started spreading word on the street that he was back, and a couple of ex-demons took notice. Know what happened next?
...the library. As soon as Castiel enters, Rowena and Michael look up, alert. Dean enters soon after Castiel, moving past him in the doorway. Face stormy. Leaving as much space as possible between them as he does.
S’pose it could be worse. Right now, most people are still clinging to the hope of this being some sort of hoax, or at least some event that doesn’t affect them. If Jack hadn’t pushed back the calendar to when people disappeared, we’d have some real mass hysteria on our hands.
--nothing bad! Like... when someone is longing for the person they are in love with. When you were going on that date with Eileen, it was-- very bright.
Suddenly, a HUGE FLAME erupts out of Sam, blasting Azazel over into the corner. He yells out as he CRASHES into the desk, sending the chair and table toppling over, and splintering some of the wood.
Both. Michael said Jack was theoretically capable of containing the forces from the Empty, but whether he can control all those entities inside him jostling for power--
Don’t stop on my account. I mean, it’s not great work, whatever you’re doing. Dialogue isn’t exactly profound. Hugely entertaining to watch though.
WIDE SHOT, as the last of the GRACE AND MIASMA exits out behind them and channels straight into JACK-- who is LIT UP with it, ABSORBING IT ALL-- chaotic winds are blowing through the room as energy swirls everywhere--
I suppose that is one way of seeing it. Indeed, I do not remember seeing the Heavenly Host so intrigued by a human since Jesus Christ.
YOUNGER DEAN and LISA kiss chastely in farewell, as Lisa leads Ben away. In the background we see Dean, watching them.
Physically, yes. Metaphorically... I know I am filled with regret, and anger. At what my Father deprived us of. At my brothers and sisters, lost before most of them could understand free will. Before they could understand the truth of our Father, and find themselves without Him. I am even angry for the other worlds, and all those beings wiped from existence.
That bunker of yours-- it was useful, and all, but you gotta have a showdown somewhere cinematic. Somewhere epic. No--
Sam looks back towards the stovetop. His expression is distant. Beside him, Dean and Jack talk to each other-- oblivious to Sam’s internal struggle.
On Dean-- who doesn’t have anything to hide anymore. He looks at Castiel with absolute tenderness, and then REACHES out to Castiel’s face.
CLOSE ON DEAN’S PHONE, with a text message and attachment file. The displayed text message is from Jack. It reads: “Jack and I rejigged this phone so we could text this from Heaven. P.S. everyone says hi and that they ‘don’t want to see you any time soon’. - Ash”
Dean DROPS THE PHONE. It clatters to the ground. He moves in and FULL BODY HUGS Castiel. Tighter than EVER.
All well and good, but how do we get to the Empty in the first place? I’ve never heard of anything that could open a rift to that place.
As I’ve explained, dear, it’s a delicate situation. Even if I were a conduit powerful enough to control the current... Jack doesn’t have the voltage, so to speak.
Jack holds up his hand, examining it curiously. A single spark of YELLOW MAGIC flies out-- the others FLINCH. But nothing else happens.
WIDE SHOT of a PIER at night. Some footage used from 4.21 WHEN THE LEVEE BREAKS. We hear the ocean lapping at the docks. It’s peaceful here. A memory from a different time.
Dean and Jack each take up a side of the foosball table-- Dean GRINS, clearly excited for the match.
Meanwhile, Dean shows Sam something from the folder-- a photo taken at one of the crime scenes. A DEMONIC SIGIL carved into a wooden wall, covered in blood.
I’m God. Oh, well Amara is God too. We’re both God, when we’re together. And Castiel, Dean and Sam are my fathers.
Michael scores again. Jack smiles at him, and lets go of the handles-- he has finished the game. Michael mimics his actions. Following Jack’s lead.
Wow, you really lose any eloquence when I’m not around, huh? ‘Go to hell’ this, ‘screw you’ that. Anyway, you guys are missing the real fun tidbit here, which is this--
Now that he’s consciously uncoupled from the mainframe, or whatever, he can barely remember what he did. We could ask him to change things, but he can’t do anything big without Amara... and even if he could--
Suddenly, they see the TWO TORTURERS walk out of the motel. The shorter of the two trips over something in the dark.
A scene of apocalyptic devastation-- THE MAIN STREET OF LEBANON, empty of people. A few cars crashed into sidewalks and shop windows. One has collided with a fire hydrant, which is still spraying water up and flooding the street. Shopping carts, handbags, bikes and strollers lie abandoned on sidewalks. A POST-APOCALYPTIC WORLD.
--Really was getting sick and tired of you dragging my name through the mud. I mean, comparing me to John Winchester? That’s a low blow.
ON JACK, GASPING. Castiel rushes once more to his side... the light fades from Jack’s eyes. He looks up at Rowena as his breathing slows.
If-- if that’s all. Then, I also just wanted to say thank you. For being our allies, and our friends. And just for this night, let’s celebrate. Tomorrow we’ll drift off to different places again, but... This life, I think sometimes we don’t get enough chances to sit around with our friends, our chosen family. So I hope tonight you-- get a chance to do that.
As the woman passes by other people, she notices something’s off. People are panicky, staring at their phones. A mob of people is gathered in front of an ELECTRONICS STORE WINDOW. Business casual, activewear, mothers with prams. All of them stopped still. Looking at the FLICKERING TELEVISION SCREENS within.
It is all I will need. With Dean as my vessel, I will be powerful enough to tear through and face the Empty myself. The Empty is weaker than it used to be.
Our Dean picks up a HEAVY BOOK from the pile of younger Dean’s things, and THROWS IT at his back. Naturally, his memory-counterpart doesn’t flinch.
Lucifer vanishes and REAPPEARS RIGHT BESIDE SAM in the library archway. Jack has to swivel around to face him as he walks down the steps. Dean sits up on the table next to Jack, wincing with pain.
Sam and Castiel hastily step back, as Rowena extends her arms out over Jack. Her eyes GLOW PURPLE and she starts whispering in Latin under her breath.
The Empty DISAPPEARS and REAPPEARS right in front of Dean’s FACE, noses less than an inch apart, and--
This script series was conceived as a way to write an ending for the show that I could see them filming – what I thought worked best in the context of Season 15, and what I could more or less see them putting on air.
You tell Dean if he doesn’t get his head out from his ass, I’m gonna come down there and kick that ass back to Moondoor myself, alright?
--a forest. Purgatory. Modified footage from 15.09 THE TRAP, in which a (slightly) YOUNGER DEAN and YOUNGER CASTIEL regard each other. The foliage and surrounding scenery is scattered with BEAMS OF LIGHT-- Dean’s relentless onslaught is already taking root here--
WIDE SHOT of GABRIEL, at the head of a table. Playing poker with KALI, ANUBIS, FORTUNA, ARTEMIS and ATROPOS.
Eileen looks at Castiel properly, and puts down the plate she’s finished drying. She taps Castiel on the shoulder for attention.
My whole life, I’ve been following the same script. Look after Sam. Save the girl. Hunt whatever evil thing was in front of me. And that stuff-- I was
. But I can’t do it. It’s not like my grace. Imagine if you had all of Rowena’s magic, but didn’t know a single spell.
People pray to God, Cas, all the time. I can’t turn it off. And I hear them crying out for help, and I have to stop myself from helping because
You know what, dude? I take it back. Best party ever. Misuse the carefully crafted emergency warning system all you like.
CLOSE ON CASTIEL, staring up at the sky. He turns around to face the gardens of Heaven, in a mirror to the shot from 6.20 THE MAN WHO WOULD BE KING. Ahead of him are Amara and Jack, who are tending to a hand-sized, gaping void of swirling black. A HOLE IN THE FABRIC OF HEAVEN.
MID SHOT closing in on Ellen, Bobby and Rufus-- Ellen says something snarky to Bobby, and Rufus laughs--
The Empty snarls. Fingers abruptly stop stroking-- and instead tighten violently around Castiel’s leg.
Our Dean watches as the younger version of him gets closer and closer to the younger Castiel, until he’s trapped him right against the wall. There is, as is custom, a distinct lack of personal space. Castiel attempting to look anywhere but Dean.
I mean I can’t just-- I can’t just forgive you for Dad. But. You’re probably a pretty good father yourself. I mean you raised Jack, and he seems cool.
Castiel walks towards the building. Amara and Jack wait a few yards behind him as he starts loudly addressing the Roadhouse.
Maybe Billie, or the Empty-- maybe they could have stopped him. Maybe we could have made a deal. But I thought it was her. And now... everyone is gone.
Jack looks to Rowena for help... but Rowena simply looks away innocently. Not this kid’s parent. Not getting involved.
Because I know you have too. I can feel your emotions, Dean. My Father doesn’t understand what drives us. But
He raises a fist and starts PUMMELING the Winchesters, who can’t fight back-- they go sprawling down, and he keeps hitting them when they try to get back up--
Jack smiles-- but it’s a delicate, muted thing. Nothing like the typical Jack smile we have come to know and love.
The headlights of a passing vehicle flicker over Dean’s face, illuminating it completely for a moment and he smiles. He tightens his grip on the wheel, looks forward and drives on.
Back on Dean, who lifts up the full pot from the sink and sets it on the stovetop. He grimaces as he does so, visibly in pain. He rolls his injured shoulder.
Looks like it’s just you and us, angel. So-- tell me. You still able to drink us under the table now we’re dead?
Jack picks up his knife, while Dean grabs an OLD KITCHEN MALLET from the rack of kitchen implements without taking his eyes off Chuck.
Off Sam and Dean, glaring at Chuck. Knowing full well every tragedy in their life is likely thanks to
I imagine Naomi was making Castiel kill copies of you over and over again, until he was ready to do the same to the real you.
And THE DARKNESS finally overcomes The Light. All of CHUCK’S LIGHT flickers out at the point of his hand, and he sinks to his knees. Cradling his SMOKING, SINGED PALM to his chest.
On Castiel and Sam, who have a quiet conversation behind her-- neither looking away from Jack, even as they talk--
Dean gets into the car. He reaches over into the backseat, and rifles through a BOX OF CASSETTE TAPES. Picks one out from the others.
So as I told Bon Jovi here on the phone, we got a ping this morning on that Azazel name. Couple of the boys were at the Rothschild Motel-- run-down joint, gets a lot of no-gooders-- and they heard a strange conversation between two of the guests. Something about demon blood and injections. We think it’s a new street drug. But the toxicology reports on the vics have come back clean, so...
Open on Sam, rubbing his temple. Laptop open in front of him. Dean is pacing the room behind him. Castiel and Jack stand in a corner, looking a little out of place. Jody is leaning over the war table.
Eileen told me some, uh, stuff she heard from Cas, and-- well, I had sort of worked out other things before. I mean, I have to live with you both.
I always do. Although I will say, beating God at his own game might just give me the fearsome reputation I need to finally bring Hell into line.
Dean insisted on trying a chili-based cocktail on the first day, and I lost the sensation of taste for a week and a half.
Dean lowers the shirt in his hand back into the basket. Slowly, he turns to look at Sam... almost expressionless. Uncharacteristically still. Hiding any possible reaction.
Jack, I wish you wouldn’t use the power acquired from thousands of dead angels and demons to embarrass me in front of my friends.
Sleeping. I think he would have blacked out right away-- his body might have been running on Earth time while he was in there.
Some footage used from 1.01 PILOT, in which we see YOUNGER DEAN look up regretfully at a block of buildings. Camera movement and cuts are now slow; we get the feeling of a great build of tension, suddenly released.
Oh, no. Only those with enough of a human soul were granted a freshly made body. Those who were less... developed, he put in line to be born as infants-- without any recollection of their past lives.
A pause. Chuck squints, looking almost intrigued. Then Michael’s voice again, with less certainty than his usual commanding, regal tone.
On Ash, who’s fiddling with an old camera phone. He gets it propped up against two beer bottles. Slowly backs away.
Sam moves across the room, and clasps DEAN’S SHOULDER briefly as he brushes past him. Dean still looks conflicted. Doesn’t meet his eyes.
Jack’s not family. I know how you feel about the kid, okay. I care for him, too. I do. But he’s not like you. He’s not like Cas. He’s just not.
Up to this point, Dean has barely glanced at him for more than a moment. But after this last statement, Dean stares at Sam for a long beat. Then he looks back to the road. Eyes straight ahead as he replies-- finally honest.
Camera pans around the table, as we see different people imitate the expressions for ‘Doctor’ and ‘Witch’ as Eileen teaches them.
There won’t be enough time. Taking all that power into me... if we want to stand a chance, we’ll have to summon Chuck right away.
No. No deals, no alliances. I know you’re too far gone for that. First chance you get, you’ll stab us in the back.
CLOSE ON BOBBY SINGER, looking surly and irritated. We slowly zoom out to reveal more shoulders and arms around him--
MID SHOT of Dean, practically bouncing up the steps of the front porch and throwing open the front door.
Sam looks at Dean, who subtly gives him a ‘go on’ tilt of his head. While Sam is talking, Dean takes the folder from the sheriff and flicks through it.
Mm. Okay, a few notes, love the anger, love the conflict, but really feel like we should make this more about you two--
Rowena is ABSOLUTELY DELIGHTED by this statement, while Sam looks exactly the way you’d expect any parent to look when their would-be-three-year-old starts talking about ‘sexual intercourse’.
You should have gotten a happy life, Sam. A normal life. A dog, a wife... a kid. M’sorry I took you away from that.
Castiel smiles back at her in acknowledgement... but it’s tinged with sadness. He turns back to the dishes.
Not at all. You go have a break-- God knows you probably need it, living with those boys. We can handle this.
Dean pauses at the entrance door. He throws a teasing, Dean-Winchester-Trademarked smile back at Sam.
Please, Fergus would have only gone out swinging for your team because it meant he finally got one over on that wretch. The number of times we’ve whacked that venomous snake on the head, only to have him come slithering back...
world through Adam’s memories... I am merely explaining why the war was fought, not debating the merit of your cause.
Michael exchanges a look with Sam. There’s some shared history there, history Dean doesn’t have access to and never will.
Yeah, I took a version of you at his word before, and you know how that ended up? It ended up with my s-- with Jack soulless, and a bunch of people I cared about lying dead in my living room. So forgive me if I don’t fall for the same trick twice.
CLOSE ON JACK, conflicted. Apprehensive about taking the forces of the Empty into himself. But knowing it’s what he should do to save the people he loves.
Well, maybe we should do that. You know, me, you, Cas, Jack. Road trip. Not because of a case. Just to-- see the sights, y’know?
Bobby stands, and walks towards Jack. For a moment, Jack looks apprehensive. Bobby looks like he’s going to tell Jack off. Then--
Um, she uh, went to. Kansas City to get... something. Anyway. I don’t know, she’ll be back. Soon, probably.
He comes back to the table and pours a sliver of alcohol from Dean’s WHISKEY DECANTER into each glass, before raising one for himself.
Dean has a basket of dirty laundry in front of him, and is currently transferring wet clothes in a washing machine to a dryer mounted on a wall above it.
WIDE SHOT of the highway. As the instrumental outro plays, we see the Impala driving into the distance.
Who possess fledgling souls, but souls nevertheless. What are demons, but souls tortured until they shrivel up and blacken? What are angels, but beams of light blessed, sometimes, with the spark of a personality? Compared to a human, those souls aren’t worth much. The true power is in the encasing grace and miasma. Well, unless you feed those souls love.
Take the brother upstairs, and tell Alastair he can have a little fun as a gift from me. But only an hour, no more.
A beat, as he looks away from Jack. He sees something in front of them, and his step falters. Jack looks from Castiel to whatever he’s sighted.
, obviously a reference to Dean’s quest to save Castiel. I’m hardly the first to make that connection, but it’s also far too good to pass up.
ESTABLISHING SHOTS. Stock footage of a city. Pedestrians, cars, people in shop windows handing out hot food to customers.
Look, I think we can handle things. We’re not dead, and we’re not under Chuck’s control. And that’s a pretty good start from where I’m standing.
Hey, nothing wrong with making friends! Just because I always end up doing the grocery runs to Lebanon--
Good. Man, I can’t wait for Azazel to rule this place and make us feel like something again. I had to dumpster dive for food the past week. Like some sort of savage.
There was a spell that opened a portal there-- but it had to use my blood, it could only work with the blood of a Nephilim who was the son of--
, Jack. You don’t have to prove your worth by-- by going through with this, if you don’t want to. You don’t have to become God just for us.
And then, SAM STABS LUCIFER THROUGH with an ARCHANGEL BLADE. A BEAM OF GRACE-LIGHT RADIATES OUT from his chest.
Ah yes. I forgot you never managed to come topside. Well, let me introduce you to the most famous men of our time--
CLOSE ON SAM. Cradling Dean’s face, crying and shaking his head. Unwilling to acknowledge that the wound is fatal...
Some footage used from 6.21 LET IT BLEED, in which a YOUNGER DEAN lies to a newly memory-wiped LISA and BEN BRAEDEN. OUR DEAN watches from a corner of the hospital room.
I made all these decisions, but I don’t know if they’re the right ones. What-- what if I... should’ve brought people back? I heard Bobby say that I should have brought back Mary, and--
CLOSE ON SAM, cradling his brother’s body in a mirrored shot to the end of 3.16 NO REST FOR THE WICKED.
WIDE SHOT: A bustling cineplex. There’s people lining up for movie tickets. A college-aged woman in a scarf passes by the queue. The camera tracks her movement. She walks to a derelict bookstore, and enters. A shop bell rings as she does.
ON DONNA AND JODY. Fully clothed and entirely passed out together on a bed. A TANGLE OF LIMBS. Donna is snoring LOUDLY.
The last rays of the sun are peeking through the slats in the blinds. SHERIFF KEN stands at his work desk, the office otherwise empty.
Promises, promises. Then again, I shouldn’t underestimate you. I mean I knew you were special, but boy! Tricking Lucifer himself!
Here’s my question; if the kid can give those abominations a second chance, how come your Mom ain’t got a third go-around? He’s the one that killed her.
Sam takes a second to relish the sight, and then blinks. Dean. He turns and runs out to the carpark.
Some miscellaneous hunters trying to wave around the displayed swords from the library, and Eileen LOSING HER SHIT at them. The hunters guiltily lower the swords--
Of course, under the new system, even His soul gets another go-around on this merry carousel. Speaking of which...
I said immaterial. I didn’t say they didn’t matter. Firstly, your soul was necessary to the spell. The strength of its connection to Castiel is what allowed us to come here-- here, specifically, to his resting place.
The Empty makes every angel and demon live out a highlight reel of their regrets. This must be one of Castiel’s.
, but it’s also the name of a flowering plant with medicinal properties, mostly around reducing pain. Similarly, I hope that this script series could be used to heal people’s hurt from the end of the show.
Mammon moves around Dean to untie his cuffs-- Dean lashes out, and manages to TWIST AROUND TO KNEE MAMMON in the BALLS.
CLOSE ON OUR DEAN, turning away, and we begin a dreamily cut montage between different scenes as Dean walks from memory to memory--
I know this ‘monsterpocalypse’ is unoriginal-- but I didn’t feel like we got enough bloodshed with the ghosts. And you know what? It’s hard coming up with new ideas guys. Frankly, I’ve been writing your story
On Claire, looking at Castiel. She considers him for a second, and then hugs him tightly before drawing back.
Something like that. Whatever Jack is right now, Chuck is afraid of him. It’s why He sent Lucifer and I here-- why He told both of us to kill Jack. When I detected Lucifer’s presence on Earth, I realized what Chuck had done. Doubled His chances of success-- or at least, a good show.
DEAN WINCHESTER looks up from where he’s lying slumped against a white tiled wall. Disorientated. A little woozy.
WIDE SHOT. TWO ANGELS appear on either side of Anna. WHITE GRACE-LIGHT illuminates the scene; when it is gone, so is everyone but the younger Castiel-- who once again is looking out at the ocean.
know! You don’t see me friggin’ lose it every night you’re gone-- because I can’t think straight, and it feels like there’s a knife in my chest, and the only thing that keeps me from losing it entirely is knowing I
--And with a ROAR, THE DARKNESS SPILLS OUT OF CHUCK. BLACK SMOKE SWIRLS AROUND, extracting itself from Chuck’s vessel--
ON SAM-- an echo of his father-- his face is grim, HANDS CLENCHED TIGHT around the wheel of the car.
HERO SHOT of ELLEN HARVELLE, front and center, backed by JO HARVELLE and BOBBY SINGER. All wielding shotguns, and pointing them straight at Jack, Amara and Castiel.
Right now, the wider world-- civilians-- they’re waking up to the reality of the supernatural. They’ll need all the help they can get reckoning with that.
I wasn’t sure it would. But if we could cloak our presence from Dad... I’d never tried it on Lucifer before. I’d always been too proud for subterfuge.
The dark-haired woman straightens up-- BLEEDING from a couple of shots to her arm and shoulder-- but they’re not fatal... She grins. Vicious.
THE EMPTY has appeared, wearing the guise of THE DEMON MEG. It SNAPS ITS FINGERS, and our Castiel slumps to Dean’s side, UNCONSCIOUS. Dean scrambles to catch him, panicked.
The spell currently binding Dean, Castiel and Michael is broken-- as they realize this, they all advance on Chuck.
A DARK CRYPT. Some footage again used from 8.17 GOODBYE STRANGER. Dean looks startled as YOUNGER CASTIEL and YOUNGER DEAN appear across the crypt from them. And on the other side of the room, OUR CASTIEL lies kneeling, crying beside the younger Dean.
I like the kid, don’t get me wrong. But I really wish he had screened better, or something. Five suspicious deaths in Sioux Falls in just two weeks.
Sam frantically scans over the balconies on the first, second and third floor of the motel for any signs of activity.
At that moment, a BUZZING SOUND distracts them both. Dean reaches into his pocket and draws out his phone. He looks at the screen for about five seconds, and then breaks into a wide, genuine grin.
A tense beat. Dean runs his left hand over the perfectly made coverlet. Tightens his grip into a fist that clenches the material under his hand.
Dean flicks on a side light, and makes his way to his bed, stripping off his outer layers of clothing as he goes and tossing them to the floor.
Chuck CLICKS HIS FINGERS-- and Amara JERKS UP INTO THE AIR. Levitates above the water, CLUTCHING AT HER THROAT. Barely able to breathe. Staring at Chuck in wide-eyed shock.
As they reach the IMPALA, Sam and Dean look back towards the motel. Red and blue police lights are reflecting off their faces and the Impala’s exterior.
brought us back, did he? I’ve heard all about your new pet project. Well, dare I say, since I bloody well died as a member of his defense squad, it’s the least I’m owed. And he gave me my original body back, in the bargain. Have to admit, I’m a fan.
...and Dean’s body glows bright yellow too. Sam gasps as Dean’s injuries flare with light-- healing--
CLOSE ON DEAN, who blinks awake. He’s sitting on a MOTEL BED. Cheap furniture and decor. Horrendously patterned walls. SLOW ZOOM OUT, as Dean takes in his surroundings. We hear the voices of YOUNGER SAM and OLDER JOHN WINCHESTER, who are shouting at each other.
That’s too far out of your way. I appreciate it, but we’ll be fine-- this will probably be nothing, just a couple of low-ranking demons trying to get back on top.
Oh, and how do you know? Huh? He brought back a bunch of other demons that seemed just fine murderin’ people. What was the litmus test on being human, anyway? They all line up in pretty dresses and tell Death their greatest wish is world peace?
I’m just sayin’. Kid’s fixed stuff, but he’s screwed up a bunch of other stuff in the fixin’. I hope you boys have a plan to deal with it.
A beat. Then Claire speaks the next two words with far more sincerity and vulnerability than she usually allows to show.
That’d be me, I s’pose. But I’m not sure what business God-- or Gods, or whatever y’are-- have here.
--but Jack thrusts his arm over the bowl of ingredients, and BLOOD starts flowing fast and thick into the bowl. Rowena closes her eyes...
We see Rowena sitting in one of the library chairs like it’s her new throne, while the men are scattered around her at the table. Michael hangs back in a corner.
You don’t have enough power to make it quiet anymore. To hold all of these beings in stasis. You couldn’t even stop my Father from dragging Lucifer and I right back to life.
The younger Castiel’s eyes snap back towards the younger Dean. There’s a pronounced moment of sexual tension. The younger Dean’s eyes glance down briefly at newly human lips. The younger Castiel stops breathing. And then...
EXTREMELY awkward reactions-- Dean twists his head to look at Rowena again. Eileen blushes and looks away. Sam looks between Rowena and Eileen and tries to stammer his way out of it.
WIDE AERIAL of a BEAUTIFUL BLUE SKY. CRANE DOWN to reveal HARVELLE’S ROADHOUSE, as it originally stood-- but now placed within a GREEN FIELD full of bushes and flowers.
So yeah, I can’t kill Cousin Oliver here, but as long as I’m not trying to do anything fancy with the special effects... I’m gonna
MID SHOT of the MOTEL ROOM-- John and the younger Sam are barely holding themselves back from a brawl, while a YOUNGER DEAN stands across the room holding his hands out between them. Desperately trying to keep the peace.
We see his jaw twitch as he thinks hard about something. He downs the finger of whiskey he has, and gets up. Reaches the cabinet, picks up the GLASS DECANTER, and pours himself another.
MID SHOT tracking Sam as he scrambles to do something on his phone, and then puts it against one ear-- he walks out into the corridors--
Only coming to me when you need me... and betraying me when it suits you. I see where the Winchesters get it from.
Dean CROSSES THE HOLY FIRE, and yells in the younger Castiel’s ear, all while his own counterpart is still talking--
You can if you want. I won’t stop you. But I don’t think there’s ever going to be a fair answer. I suppose that’s why Chuck ended up playing favorites.
Panning through the gathered hunters, we see some familiar faces: JODY MILLS and DONNA HANSCUM chatting with GARTH AND BESS FITZGERALD. KRISSY CHAMBERS talking to CLAIRE NOVAK and KAIA NIEVES. ALEX JONES and PATIENCE TURNER talking to AIDAN and JOSEPHINE BARNES. JACK KLINE talking to MAX BANES in a corner. Most people are holding bottles of alcohol, a couple are holding plates of pizza.
Michael finally turns to him. For the first time in a while, he looks utterly inhuman. Every inch an ARCHANGEL OF THE LORD.
You did well. I am glad that acting as the weapon of my will was enough to allow a human to kill an archangel. I was not certain you would succeed, but old magic like that is almost always metaphorical.
I appreciate your creation, brother. I just don’t appreciate you. You might have created this world, but you have no right to end it.
Kaia and Claire, sitting in bed together. Claire is glaring at her phone, slouched down in the bed. Kaia is sitting upright, reading a book. She glances over at Claire, and kisses her on the head.
No, no. They cooked for us, so it’s only fair we clean. Besides, with the boys gone, we’re in charge, right?
The greatest wars of Heaven were fought in your name, Dean. Under my command, under Castiel’s... in a few short years, you nearly wiped out an entire species.
A slow pan across a creepy looking warehouse. Through the windows, we see the flickering light of a large FIRE.
I don’t remember anything from when I was dead. But Sam told me Heaven is a loop of your best memories. And maybe Heaven shouldn’t be like that. Maybe it should be... more like Earth.
I was so scared, Cas. Knowing what the Purgatory souls did to you-- knowing what I could become. Knowing last time, I killed Mary... I put everything into making sure they couldn’t control me.
The younger Castiel doesn’t react. Meanwhile, the younger Dean sighs, something wistful in his gaze. He walks to get a rake from where it’s leaning against the back wall.
--MICHAEL-AS-DEAN, with GLOWING BLUE EYES, who unfurls his wings-- casting GREAT SHADOWS against the back wall--
So how many we talkin’ here, fellas? A few hundred per state? A few thousand? We’re gonna need to give the local departments a heads-up.
The WAYWARDS getting a BOX OF PIZZA from the kitchen, Kaia holding it while the others dive in for slices--
Torturer 1 KICKS THE GUN AWAY from Dean’s hand. Before Dean can react, he’s SNAPPED cuffs on to Dean’s wrists.
. But we remade it just as it was, warts and all. Then Jack cut a few holes in the fabric so souls could be reincarnated, if they wanted to. Between the holes and the loose threads... the tapestry is falling apart.
It is no flattery. Jesus of Nazareth was a charismatic prophet, yes. He influenced humanity greatly. But you... you have had a far greater impact. For instance, you are directly or indirectly responsible for more angelic deaths than any other person in all of Creation.
LOW ANGLE SHOT as we see the light flicker over this Castiel’s head. A dimming halo and damning reminder.
Whoa, whoa, lady! I was just kidding! Or you know, I don’t wanna be ass-reamed by Dean when he gets to Heaven.
And as for your body... my Sword is much like an angel blade. It has both a physical and spiritual presence. It enhances my power, and helped to mask my re-entry to this realm from the Shadow that rules it. But its
I’m not sure. The balance between the Light and the Darkness right now is tenuous at best. If Jack dissolves his own power--
We see footage used from 8.22 CLIP SHOW. METATRON and a younger Castiel at the café looking at a waitress-- JANE THE NEPHILIM.
No. It’s not your fault. Heaven was held together by-- as humans would say, spit, duct tape and prayer. Without the power of the angels to hold it together--
When my Father resurrected me, I took a tour. I was looking for-- something. Anything, anyone. It only took a moment to scour the mortal and ethereal planes-- but I found
Dean looks down at the floor. Ashamed, but also hiding the true extent of that shame from his brother.
ON DEAN, looking at Sam. Allowing himself a totally open expression now that nobody can see him. Filled with love for his younger brother... but filled with melancholy, too. He knows that it’s the
She waves her hands in the air, and both Jack and Rowena’s eyes GLOW-- tendrils of light purple mist extend out from both of their bodies. Then BOOM! The tendrils CONNECT, and COALESCE into a THICK ROPE OF POWER.
I do. But being human, it lets me feel things differently. Even just little things, like coffee, or peanut butter. And if giving up my grace makes you the slightest bit less powerful, less invulnerable--
Dean grins at her-- stifling an even bigger smile. Clearly remembering what Sam told him in the car at the end of 15.22 IN THE BLOOD.
On Sam, watching him. Smile fading into a deeply pensive gaze. His conversation with Jack has given him a lot to think about.
I mean, you’re really awesome at knowing the best way to kill stuff quickly, and I’ll have my hands full teaching them other things--
Sam, expecting Dean to be the first pick, is a little confused. But he dutifully follows Castiel out. Michael, Rowena and Dean are left standing awkwardly in their wake.
Dean walks to the IMPALA with a duffel bag full of stuff he’s collected from his room. He dumps the bag in the trunk. Opens the driver’s side of the car. We cut to--
When I gave up the grace, I didn’t intend on keeping any. Even whatever remained of my grace-- the other Michael’s grace, whatever it was-- seeped into the fabric of Heaven. But your grace... Cas, your grace was so strong that it stuck to me and refused to let go. I could feel its love, you know. I... I think you gave it its own free will.
Oh, and what are you going to do? I leave you alone and you go waltzing along to the nearest New York bar to pick up--
Jack extends his hand out to the flames, and they go out-- but then his face falls. No matter how he tries, he can’t bring them back.
Inside we see TWO MEN standing over a BONFIRE. On a TORTURE RACK placed over the fire is A YOUNG MALE TORTURE VICTIM, whimpering. The shorter torturer is pacing up and down the room, anxious. In contrast, the taller one is perfectly still-- other than his fingers, which keep running over a lever placed next to the torture rack.
We get a POV of Jack’s back-- camera crests up and over the hill to reveal CASTIEL, curled up near the shoreline. Knees tucked into his chest. Staring vacantly out to the distant mountains.
This stuff’ll get yeh. First priority we had once we were free of our personal cages was making moonshine that tastes real and sticks on your soul.
What if we just... give Chuck what he wants? You, me, death match. One of us has to die, but he brings everyone back.
Cas, is it... really you? Because I’m gonna tell you right now, I don’t wanna start punching holes in Baby.
Immediately, LOUD SIRENS go off and the LIGHTS START FLASHING RED. Castiel and Jack look up in alarm. Amara simply looks bored.
No, actually, it’s not, and you know that. Why else would you keep this whole thing a secret, huh, unless you knew that it was wrong? When crap like this comes around, we deal with it... Like we always have. What we don’t do is we don’t go out and make another deal with the Devil!
Then, to EVERYONE’S SURPRISE, going painstaking letter by letter, Crowley signs ‘TROUBLE IN PARADISE?’ (NOTE: Can use subtitles here if you want-- T-R-O-U etc.-- or omit them.)
WIDE SHOT straight down the road. In the distance, another truck emerges from the heat haze. The woman walks into the middle of the road and starts jumping up and down, waving her hands.
Meanwhile Sam calculates whether he can make it to Dean’s side, whether it’s worth incurring Chuck’s displeasure--
He conjures an ORANGE COCKTAIL out nowhere, and begins sipping on it. Flips his sunglasses back up, lies down and goes back to sunbathing. COMPLETELY UNBOTHERED.
Giving himself permission to enter, Dean closes the door gently shut behind him. Sits down on the bed beside Jack. Hands clasped together. A long moment stretches out, and then Dean speaks.
Jack, sitting cross-legged on his bed. Laptop open. Watching the VIDEO OF KELLY KLINE that was left for him.
ANGLE ON CHUCK, casually leaning in the doorway of the kitchen. Wearing Dean’s DEAD GUY ROBE. Looking like he’s made himself
The door of the Roadhouse SLAMS OPEN. ASH emerges, swaggering on the front porch. Sunglasses. Black tank top. Business in the front, party in the back. The whole nine yards.
A dirt track leads up to a small hill, at the top of which is a NEW ROADHOUSE-STYLE BAR. Castiel’s TRUCK is parked at its entrance. The front awning is lit up by a neon sign declaring ‘ROCKY’S BAR’, and the porch is lined with glowing mosquito lamps.
If we can find a way for Jack to absorb all that power-- all the souls, yes, but more to the point-- all of the angelic grace and demonic miasma stored in stasis--
REVERSE ANGLE TO behind Jack’s head-- the laptop screen is partially obscured, but he’s watching an old ‘Star Trek’ episode. Sam enters from the war room.
So, he and-- Eileen-- they’re going to try and help people. Band the hunters together as best they can, and learn from the mistakes of the British Men of Letters.
Jack said, sometimes it felt like you were trying to be something you’re not. And I think maybe that thing is Dad.
God’s weakness. The thing He never counted on. Don’t make me say it; I have a reputation to maintain. Still, I can hardly blame Him. Even I was surprised by the number of times you two, and the angel, managed to defy what was written in my books through sheer force of will. You might say God was finally killed through pure, obnoxious,
He tackles Rowena into a brief hug, squinting his eyes shut. When he opens them, he sees Crowley behind Rowena and his face goes into shock.
Camera tracks Sam and Dean as Torturer 1 takes them through the room. Then, on the other side of the lobby, we see A MAN in a janitor’s overalls, stained through with blood and grime. Azazel, although Sam and Dean don’t know that yet. He’s reading a newspaper dispassionately, but looks up with interest at the newcomers.
Hey. I-- Sam wanted your advice with what to make for dinner. And you... weren’t in your usual haunts. So...
Please, Dean. I’ve told you a million times to call me Janice. Come around tomorrow then, and I’ll put out some tea and cookies.
--the war room, to find Castiel standing in the center of the room, Jack beside him. Dean skids to a halt about two feet away from Castiel.
ON SAM, laughing at a joke Dean makes. Then he looks down at the STACK OF PANCAKES on his plate. His smile falters.
You’re not an angel anymore, right? You’re gonna freeze out here if you stay all night, even with that insult-to-fashion you’re wearing.
Castiel nods, and tears begin to track down his cheek as he smiles-- no, LAUGHS-- shaking his head in disbelief. Dizzy with happiness. Entirely, overwhelmingly human.
Local kid. Billy Cho. Sad, really. Barely out of school, although his family seem to think he got into some cult stuff.
But the Winchesters lost so many people they loved. I could have brought them back. I still can, if Amara--
I’m certain that my thoughts, my motivations... aren’t what He would write. He would have had me kill Lucifer myself-- and kill Jack, for that matter.
Dean races down the steps, hand skipping along the banister as he goes. He leaps in through the library archway to find--
Even God can’t change the Empty. But maybe, if I have his power-- I can rewrite the rules so nobody ends up there again.
know your mind now-- I know it wouldn’t have changed your choice. Come, Dean. We have to keep going until we find Castiel-- or a way out.
He turns to Sam, a bit uncertain. He still doesn’t like the idea of Heaven, but no more Hell-- that’s something.
REVERSE ANGLE ON BOTH. Father and son staring out at the water. Pensive. We’ve interrupted them mid-conversation.
There’s nobody more worthy of being an angel than you, Cas. As for your grace... Maybe you were falling, or maybe Chuck had something to do with it. Maybe Heaven’s collapse was affecting all of the angels that remained. But...
Uh... yeah, not so much. See, after Pop snapped everyone away, things got real boring on His favorite show. No fighting, no melodrama...
I’d rather take my thoughts to a shrink than a sanctimonious prick like you. You feelin’ like you need a new job now you’re a defeathered duster, or what? Get a hobby like the rest of us.
Behind Claire’s head, from her POV: Dean, looking across to Castiel, as he shakes hands with Bobby and Stevie and hugs Charlie tightly in farewell. Castiel looking back towards Dean as they leave, and Dean turning away before they can catch each other’s gaze.
...So he just brought back all those Cloud-Weasels and Pit-Roaches-- not to mention every monster you boys ever put in the ground--
ANGLE to reveal a YOUNGER CASTIEL, standing over a railing. He looks up towards a flickering street light.
Azazel stands up again, and paces towards Sam-- and now, he walks with controlled purpose. No trace of his previous laziness. But Sam isn’t intimidated at all.
Back to OUR DEAN, on the bed. Tear tracks on his face, but he has a bitter smile on his face. Half angry, half regretful.
He points a gun straight at Alastair. Hesitates for a second, then shoots the other man twice through the thigh.
ON DEAN, at the wheel. His face is set with determination, and we don’t quite know whether he is Dean or Michael. Until--
Jack frowns, and starts to walk away-- then DOUBLES BACK. Stands in front of Sam. Looks straight at him.
Transition down to the Bunker below, beginning a single shot that pans through different rooms in the Bunker--
Dean draws up his gun to shoot, but the man hurls a METAL BALL towards him-- it EXPLODES WITH SPARKS, sending Dean, SHAKING, ELECTROCUTED, PARALYSED-- to the ground.
ON AMARA, determined. Unyielding and all-powerful. She walks towards him, one step at a time, until she’s close enough to touch him--
I gave your brother the archangel blade, and told him to kill Lucifer when the time was right. Obviously, I had to be invisible, or Lucifer would see me.
The boys are inside a grocery store aisle-- empty of other people, but fully stocked with breakfast goods. Sam throws various items haphazardly into a shopping cart. Dean raises his eyebrows at Jack when Sam isn’t looking, and throws in a SUGARY COOKIE CEREAL.
Two abandoned warehouses, two break-and-enters, one hospital ward, one morgue, a church crypt, and bizarrely, a Biggerson’s kitchen down on Avery Street.
We’ll see them again. And you know, Heaven sounds like it’s kinda just another Earth now. A second life, where people can... be free.
WIDE SHOT of the same house. But now it’s empty... daytime. The party is a distant memory. We see an ADULT MARIE, moving through the living room. Looking for something.
Footage used from 6.20 THE MAN WHO WOULD BE KING, of YOUNGER SAM AND DEAN and BOBBY around YOUNGER CASTIEL, who is surrounded by HOLY FIRE.
No, it’s not quite as simple. The physics of Heaven have changed. For most people, it will work-- well, it will work like Earth. But nobody will get sick, or die. And everyone has all the time they need, doing whatever they want. With whoever they want.
Take this one. Castiel here is-- well, Castiel is a favorite of mine. You can’t look away from his pain. It’s
Jack fetches the ball from the goal area, and then places it back in the center of the table. They continue playing the game.
CLOSE ON Castiel’s SHOT GLASS being refilled. Slowly tilt up to reveal PAMELA BARNES pouring the drink.
Footage from 2.01 IN MY TIME OF DYING, in which our Dean continues past ANOTHER YOUNGER SAM AND DEAN, this time outside a hospital room watching JOHN WINCHESTER being given compressions by a nurse. Dean pauses, turns to look back at his father, but as he does the hospital walls dissolve...
endgame here? All this, and you’re just going to go through with what Pops wanted? Cain and Abel round three thousand and twenty-nine? I suppose we never got that Biblical Apocalypse, but seems a bit pointless with nobody on Earth left to appreciate it.
Sam fights his way back through the pack of monsters, as Dean GASPS for air. Several creatures are TEARING APART HIS LIMBS with tooth and claw--
I still don’t know if I can allow myself to submit to them. It’s like standing at the edge of the ocean, and knowing you have to jump in, but being so afraid of how cold it is...
The truck door swings open. The woman smiles and pulls herself up to the passenger seat, swinging it shut behind her.
Oh, yeah. It was lots of fun. But the girls had to leave last night. Donna said something about not being able to miss more days of work.
Sam RACES OFF, leaving Dean on his own. Chuckling a little at his younger brother. Then the smile fades, and he frowns. Closes his eyes.
That phrasing catches Sam by surprise. There’s something about the way Jack spoke that makes him uneasy.
I think Sam will agree with me that two of us would have made for an infinitely preferable sample size.
All those times... you never asked me to stay. And I didn’t want to impose-- especially when-- the way I felt about you--
Castiel looks between Meg and The Empty, confused for a moment. Then the confusion clears, and he nods in acknowledgement.
Back to Sam and Dean. Time has clearly passed since we last saw them-- sunset aside, the two are now wearing their FBI SUITS. A song is playing on the car stereo. The volume is low, the music barely noticeable background noise.
Sam HALF-JOGS up the stairs to the CROW’S NEST BALCONY, and waves down at the gathered guests. The chatter quietens as people start to pay attention.
If Anubis determines that a person has lived a good life, they go to Heaven. And if they live a life without merit, willfully harming others, they get reincarnated. Their punishment is merely to forget their old life, and be separated from the people they love.
And he chokes her again, but this time her agony is silent, wordless-- her eyes bulging in terror and pain--
Dean turns back to look at his YOUNGER SELF in the distance. A car goes past, and the younger Dean starts stalking away.
It was his right. And based on Adam’s memories, it seemed Sam was the more trustworthy of the two of you.
Dean takes a deep breath. He’s got one shot at this, and he doesn’t want to leave any room for interpretation.
Jack pauses, hesitant. Like he’s trying not to spook a horse. Eyes go up to Sam, then back to the road. He lowers his arm, leans back in his seat.
Man, I was worried I’d have to reheat your stuff. We really should get a microwave-- I mean, way the world is, we could basically just walk into a store and take one.
I thought all that mattered was getting free. That no matter what I screwed up, if we managed to kill him-- we could fix it. While he was pulling the strings, he’d just keep taking everything from us anyway. So I-- I was a dick. To you, to Cas. And I thought I was doing the right thing.
. But you... I’ve got a little ways to go to break you. Still... a human soul is no different to demon or angel essence, when you get right down to it. I thought Castiel’s fully developed soul would pose a problem, but as it turns out, it just made his sorrow-drenched plumage even more beautiful.
“We”? No, no, this is all you. You’re the public speaker. Would-be lawyer, and all. Me? I’m just the muscle.
While the conversation with Sam, Rowena and Eileen continues, Dean stares at Crowley and tries to interpret his increasingly ludicrous coded expressions and gestures.
We see Sam’s face go through a complex series of emotions. First relief, then fear, then a thin veneer of composure.
Not exactly. The Empty is rejecting your soul. You’re human, so it’s trying to send you to Heaven. I need you to stay with me.
What? And pick a poison. We’ve got everything. Well, everything that’s worth having. Eileen helped Cas with a supply run a couple of days ago.
Torturer 2 leans down over Sam and digs his hands out from under him. He gets out SHINY SILVER HANDCUFFS from his pockets, and wraps them around his wrists.
Footage from 7.10 DEATH’S DOOR, in which our Dean walks past YOUNGER SAM AND DEAN-- who are watching BOBBY SINGER being swamped by nurses and doctors as he dies. Dean keeps walking...
Yes. I want you to talk to everyone here. Ask them what they want, what they need. I will be listening.
Well, firstly, that’s discrimination. And secondly, Cas is really good at building things, as it turns out. Apparently spending eons watching us mud monkeys build mud huts was good for... something.
Back to the infirmary, where Castiel has resumed his solemn vigil at Jack’s bedside. Sam is sitting next to Jack in a chair, scrolling on his laptop. Searching his databases for anything that might help. Rowena hangs back, and peers over the balcony. She looks skittish.
...And, I’m sorry about Crowley. Really. I mean, he saved us, in the end. For all the doubts I had over the years.
I couldn’t say for sure. But there seem to be more than just angels and demons contained in the Empty. Powerful creatures, of an earthly origin. If I had to guess, I’d say they were monstrous in nature.
Dean gets up and moves away, shuffling out of the library towards the garage. Sam watches him go-- worried about him, but still unable to place exactly what’s so off about his reaction.
Dean immediately puts himself between Castiel and Chuck, while Sam does the same for Rowena and Jack.
Somewhere along the way, we forgot how to trust each other. But humanity-- the Winchesters. They had faith in each other, even when they lost faith in our Father. Maybe we should have believed in them instead.
But it’s NOT ENOUGH. MID SHOT ON SAM-- now SPATTERED with MONSTER BLOOD AND VISCERA. We lose sight of him as the monsters close in...
After you killed me, yes. Don’t get your plaid underwear in a knot, Dean, I’m not doing it for you. It’s a favor for the new God. He’s the one who opened the Empty, and gave me my old job back. Let me reap the old God, too.
Wide shot of the BUNKER LIBRARY. Eileen is giving instructions to CHARLIE (ALTERNATE) and STEVIE. All three are standing over the front end of the table.
Chuck whirls around to see ROWENA MACLEOD and Sam standing in the doorway of the kitchen. Rowena’s hands are STRETCHED OUT, eyes GLOWING PURPLE.
The Empty reaches out a hand, and a QUAGMIRE OF BLACK GOOP bursts out of the space around Michael, encasing him completely-- before seeping back into the walls and floor. Michael’s body taken with it.
I told you, it won’t be enough. Besides, I think Chuck learned enough about Jack’s new powers to not try something like that again.
You don’t need to tell us. We’ve been running so flat-out on this damn Fall stuff I’ve barely slept. Every damn day since the clock reset, I’ve been driving over the map trying to sort out something that doesn’t fall into the category of ‘supernatural’ so much as it does regular people crazy. And even when it’s definitely demons, I can’t even exorcise them. I gotta kill ’em or report ’em to the cops.
Did-- never mind. I don’t want to know. Just go and-- watch Netflix, okay? I’m not gonna watch you pace back and forth for another hour.
Dean turns back around to face the rest of the room-- YOUNGER DEAN is looking down at the BODY OF CASTIEL on the table. Some footage used from 13.01 LOST AND FOUND.
Dean’s expression is completely closed off. The gravity of Michael’s statements about Castiel are hitting him, but he doesn’t let on a thing. Jack, meanwhile, looks back and forth between Michael and Dean-- confused.
No, He isn’t. He has a limited attention span. And why would He look for something He didn’t expect to be there? Especially if something else was commanding His full attention. For example, if I was loudly discussing what a bad father He had been.
BIRD’S EYE SHOT of the three in bed-- mattresses arranged in a triangle, so their heads meet in the middle. A moment passes as the three stare up at the ceiling.
Winchesters. You’re already dead. Or-- perhaps it would be more accurate to say you’ve been vanished.
And we’ve got a whole network of hunters now that can handle that. What, you really want to go down swinging just because you couldn’t quit even after arthritis kicked in?
Another pause-- this time, MUCH LONGER. The Empty considers Michael, gaze calculating. Michael stares back, undaunted.
Now that Dean is looking at him again, Castiel is nervous-- but he doesn’t look away. He’s never really been able to look away from Dean.
They accept her help and her outstretched hands. They stand to their feet... both still a little off-balance.
Dean is completely thrown by this response. Castiel seems to regret it for a second, but not enough to make him stay. He strides away towards...
I don’t know, Jack. I don’t know why we escaped it, either. Maybe it’s something to do with you. But Dean-- Billie’s never liked Dean. Thinks he cheats death too often, or something.
Sam still hesitates, looking to Dean for guidance. Dean tips back a mouthful of his drink and takes over.
I want the same as you. Revenge. That’s what He’s made us into. What could either of us possibly want more than that?
Life’s unfair. If you’re smart, you take what you can out of it-- and if you’re very smart, you end up ruling Hell when you’re dead.
The group turns to Eileen again. She looks pained. Eileen looks at Castiel, trying to communicate something but unable to say the words.
Footage from 12.23 ALL ALONG THE WATCHTOWER, in which our Dean watches LUCIFER stab YOUNGER CASTIEL in the back, while YOUNGER DEAN yells out, an echo of his (even younger) self--
Michael stares at the wall for a moment, as though making eye-contact with someone else in the room entirely.
Sheriff Ken? Yeah, we’ve got the situation under control. We’re going to need your boys to take this one in.
That’s good, actually. I should have written that. I mean you’re sort of copying off Castiel’s homework, but--
Dean stands to his feet abruptly, and in that same instant Sam has CROSSED THE ROOM. He HUGS DEAN TIGHT, putting the phone down for a moment to do so. Then Sam draws back. Looks at the phone screen again.
Oh Dean, but I do. You’re a torturer. Hell’s finest artist. You can ignore it, but that’s who you are. You enjoy it. You’re engineered for it. A perfect machine. A soldier. The
I... believe it is meant to be a fun group activity. Dean and Charlie seemed to enjoy their experiences at the LARPing festival a lot. They frequently reminisced about it.
A couple of glances are exchanged around the room-- some people clearly don’t like this idea, but others are more enthusiastic.
She dissolves into a BURST OF DEMONIC SMOKE-- and other demons and angels around her begin to turn into SWIRLING ANGEL GRACE and DEMONIC MIASMA with a GREAT RUSHING SOUND-- they INTERTWINE INTO A SINGLE STRAND OF LIGHT, and are all SUCKED INTO DEAN’S CHEST-- and then, straight out into the PORTAL.
Well, they’re not proper human souls. More like prototypes. The difference between an old man and a newborn-- an average angelic or demonic soul is less developed than that contained in a human fetus. Like a seed to an oak tree.
And I tried, Dean! When you were in Purgatory, I tried to be good with Amelia, but it was only because you
QUICK CUTS of different monsters, snarling. Dripping fangs. Sharp claws. Animalistic eyes. Horrifying skin. Distorted faces. READY TO KILL. Eager to tear LIMB FROM LIMB.
He flicks another finger and Castiel goes FLYING THROUGH THE AIR... past Jack’s body and straight into the LAKE. He lands with a huge SPLASH--
Rowena can do it. She can still direct his energy into her own magic, even with all the Empty’s power in him.
Meanwhile, Ellen leans over her daughter and peels Jo’s hand away from the INJURY; it spurts BLOOD. Not looking good. In fact, looking FATAL.
Dean looks like he’s going to say something aggressive... but then the rationality of Castiel’s words hits. The fight goes out of him.
No, not really. We’re a quiet town, you know? Hasn’t been organized crime here since the ’70s, and even that was a gang just passing through.
know about me. Like, when you died-- every time you died. The Empty. When Jack was born. Hell, back when that whole Leviathan thing happened. Maybe even when the Apocalypse was happening. I--
All in the war room turn and look up towards to the balcony once again-- to see MICHAEL, in Adam Milligan’s vessel. RIGHTEOUSLY IRRITATED.
I thought the answer was free will. But I understand now. You need a firm hand. You need a father. And I am your father now. Be obedient, children. Or this will be your fate.
I guess you’re not willing to play nice. But I don’t need your consent. The power’s all mine now. And I’m not going to let you or
Dean gets himself off the table, advancing towards Lucifer. Still holding his injured shoulder with one hand.
Bobby and Jody cast a sideways look towards Jack-- who remains perfectly attentive. Like an eager schoolkid.
CLOSE ON CASTIEL. EYES BRIGHT and focused entirely on Dean... in DIVINE REVELATION. The SCREECH CLIMAXES, and the BRIGHT LIGHT FLARES--
Anyway, to make things more interesting, and make you all more tolerable, nobody will be allowed to speak except Eileen. To that end, God-- run us through the signs for each different character role.
Huh. It is. I mean, I wouldn’t trade anything for having my own room now, but... sometimes I almost miss Dean’s snoring.
Weakness? Dean’s the reason I’m here. How do you think I beat Lucifer? Hell, we beat God. You think I’m afraid of you?
Sam and Dean exchange a desperate look-- Sam mouths ‘Jack’, and Dean grimaces. He’s not going to bring Jack into this unless he has no other choice. Before he can reply, however, Mammon drags him away.
The AFTER PARTY at Marie’s house. The cast and crew are laughing together and passing around drinks.
I thought you were-- I mean. We didn’t know if you were alive. Jack has no memory of who he brought back to life when he was God.
The Empty is a realm of the afterlife, where souls are made material, and bodies are rendered immaterial.
If what you say is true, it’s an intriguing idea. Of course, you realize the kinds of things I’m keeping safe, don’t you? All sort of evil. More powerful than you. Maybe more powerful than that Nephilim. And if that child springs a leak, well...
If I have the power of God, I’ll do everything I can to fix it. Don’t I owe everyone that much? And Cas...
Listen, it’s a game. You’ve just gotta go along with it, okay? You have to want to win no matter what team you’re on.
Jack is the most powerful Nephilim ever created. His body could house the power of my Father. I would not suggest it otherwise.
You know I didn’t appreciate you enough, Dean. I heard all about your work on the Rack. True artistry, I’m told. A once-in-a-generation talent.
Jack did not see the need for Hell. Or Purgatory. He found it-- what was the phrase. “Needlessly punishing”. He said that not everyone was lucky enough to be raised by the Winchesters, and grow up surrounded by love.
And she WHIPS BACK AROUND, and STABS HIM THROUGH with a knife. DRIVES THE KNIFE into his chest and leans over him as he FALLS BACKWARDS, screaming in pain.
THE WOMAN has left the city and is now hitchhiking on an OPEN HIGHWAY. She waves for a truck going past--
--but far be it for me to stand between a man and alone time with his computer. I’m going to get dinner sorted. Jack, wanna come help?
I never wanted to impose on you, I just-- I just wanted you to be safe. And happy. Even if I was a poor excuse for the father I took from you.
Castiel smiles at Jack-- a smile filled with every ounce of love and gratitude in his soul. Then he looks out at the horizon.
Garth hugging Dean in farewell. Gesturing wildly with his hands and putting an arm around his wife, indicating they have to get home--
Surely you boys have more of the good stuff hidden around here somewhere. I can think of quite a few things we should toast to. Being
WIDE SHOT that reveals the full glory of THE DEAN CAVE-- since we’ve last seen it, A PLAID COUCH has been added between the two armchairs, and additional HUNTER PARAPHERNALIA hangs on the walls. Dean and Jack are walking around the FOOSBALL TABLE.
On Jack, and Castiel supporting him from his right side. The light has faded from Jack’s eyes, and he looks puzzled.
He turns on the engine. Music is playing on the radio, but it’s quiet enough to be indistinct other than the general tune.
Dean looks straight at Alastair. But we see on his face that he remembers every word that Castiel told him in 15.18 DESPAIR.
WIDE HIGH ANGLE shot that TILTS UP as the Impala drives towards the distance. Shot rests on the STARRY SKY as we hear a repeated instrumental outro for the song.
Listen, you little limbo-worm, we’ve done this before. There’s nothing that’s going to go wrong, as long as we have a vessel and enough demon blood on tap to juice ’em up. And we
On Michael, attempting to open the fridge-- only to have several things fall out on to him, which he barely manages to catch.
Dean grits his teeth, and slams on the breaks. The tires somehow don’t make a sound, ever as the car shudders to a halt.
Ash walks over to the table from the bar, following Jack. He tilts his beer bottle towards Jack as he speaks.
WIDE SHOT from behind Castiel and Jack, silhouetted by the sunrise. Still sitting at the edge of the shore.
Sam is bandaging Dean’s shoulder beside the motel wall. Around the corner, several cop cars are parked haphazardly, their lights flashing bright alternating colours.
With that, the ROADHOUSE GANG look at Castiel expectantly. He looks back, sighs, defeated, and resumes his place at the table.
We see ROCKY’S BAR-- similar to how we saw it in Dean’s mind in 14.10 NIHILISM. However, there are some differences... A little less extravagant. A little more homely. More hunter paraphernalia hanging up on different walls. Empty shelves and half-open cardboard boxes. Things are clearly still being arranged and unpacked.
Dean struggles with how to reply to this. Jack senses his distress and makes an aborted move towards him. He doesn’t touch him though-- Dean is still too volatile.
No, it’s fine. I s’pose Cas never moved in properly. He was always flying off somewhere, doing something, and I-- well, I figured he liked it that way.
What!? I didn’t know, what-- and-- Sam, when have I ever had a relationship go right? I can’t-- it never works out, and Cas and I fight all the time already, and I-- I--
You need us, you just give us a call, Sam. Wyoming isn’t too far. We can make a detour on our way back to Sioux Falls.
JUMP CUTS. Jack, then Sam, falling asleep on the couch and armchair respectively, as the light of the television dims.
Cas once said that being a part of this family was finding happiness in the small things. Because there was always going to be another fight, there was always going to be something tearing us apart, but if-- if I focused on the moments in between those conflicts, I would see the love that was there.
A beat of silence. Michael is uncharacteristically hesitant. He looks away while reminiscing-- something wistful and serious in his gaze.
Well, you tell those kids if they’re not careful they’ll end up like me-- over forty, and can’t do my own taxes.
Then explain to me how we’ve got at least five Fall-related murders in this state alone. Not to mention the massacres--
Oh, my god. Um, tell her I’m sorry I took her phone. And her car. And. I’ll be right there. Tell her to stay
Cool, so you got a handle on your powers now? Don’t need the Hocus Pocus training wheels anymore? Whatever. You
Suddenly, MASSES OF BLACK GOO appear out of the darkness-- several coagulate in the space around Michael and The Empty, and BODIES start being birthed from the twisted, oily cocoons.
Yeah? All of them, huh? You sure of that? ’Cos from where I’m standing, God is the only one with power over the Empty right now, and if we kill him...
I mean, you’re the angel, right? Cas? Bobby, Jo and Ellen always talk about you and your dumb JC Penny coat.
I think Sam is an excellent leader, yes. He shows exceptional aptitude in the judgement of his people, his enemies, and his resources. To have united so much of the hunting community under a single banner is highly commendable work.
SAM WINCHESTER, DEAN WINCHESTER, ROWENA MACLEOD and MICHAEL are sitting in chairs around the library table. Sam and Rowena have books open in front of them, but neither are reading a word. Everyone is INCREDIBLY TENSE. The atmosphere resembles a hospital waiting room.
Dean continues to stare at the phone in shock as Castiel’s voice plays out. Shares a brief look of astonishment with Jack. Then--
You don’t have to do it anymore! You don’t have to do what Dad or Chuck told you! Don’t you get it, Dean? You can finally do what you want.
Yeah, yeah. That’s a great question. We’re gonna have a code, a proper code that we want people to try and stick to--
Castiel looks as though he is on the verge of tears. He reaches out to Claire’s shoulders, but his hand doesn’t make contact before the scene changes again--
life-- and now even my-- my thoughts, my feelings. Everything might have been screwed with by that Vonnegut wannabe.
We open on Sam and Eileen on the couch in the Dean Cave, watching something on TV. Eileen is fast asleep and leaning on Sam’s shoulder. Sam is looking at Eileen adoringly... totally missing whatever’s on the screen.
Yes. Angels and demons, they have-- you might call them souls. Separate to their grace or miasma, mind. That’s why an angel can steal the grace of other angels without absorbing their personality and memories along with it.
Castiel is unsure of how to interact with their newest ally. He squints at him briefly before returning his full attention to Jack.
Sam and Dean are in the Impala, looking across at a DINGY MOTEL on the other side of the road. It’s clear they’re on a STAKE OUT.
We lived while everyone else died. You know, Mom, Bobby, Charlie, Kevin... all the people we lost. They deserved to be here.
It’s a complicated mess in there. And I don’t rightly know how the boy is holding it together. But I think he’s managed by-- compartmentalizing.
I see that families are as complicated as ever. Perhaps this is a good opportunity for us to take our leave.
CHUCK is lying in a beach resort chair. Not a care in the world. Sun-bathing. Wearing sunglasses. Holding one of those TANNING REFLECTORS. We hear a radio crackle, and Chuck frowns. Lowers his sunglasses and looks up.
I mean-- maybe Dean and Cas sacrifice themselves too much and too often. I think both of them see themselves as a weapon, a tool--
CLOSE ON CLAIRE, grinning, looking from side to side as she explains the rules of the game. Clearly the M.C. of this event. Holding a HAND OF CARDS, fanned out in front of her. PULL BACK as she talks.
Finally Dean disentangles himself from Castiel-- not entirely, just enough to loop an arm around Jack and BRING HIM IN--
Was he wrong? Our whole lives, you’ve been following after Dad, doing what he told you to do. Looking after me, and hunting the things you’re meant to.
The problem isn’t in his capability to hold that power. It’s the potential of the-- well, shall we say, troublemakers.
CHARLIE BRADBURY (ORIGINAL) and KEVIN TRAN (ORIGINAL) who are walking in through the back door that Ellen, Jo and Bobby previously entered through.
Sam barks out a short laugh, disbelieving. He doesn’t know how to explain it to Jack. And... maybe Jack is
ANOTHER spike goes through Dean’s RIGHT HAND-- RAISING it outwards from his chest--Then his LEFT HAND and RIGHT LEG, and now he’s fully CRUCIFIED--
A beat, as she looks incredulously at Ash. Then she turns to Castiel, and her expression changes completely.
He’s perfectly capable of cross-country flight if he needs. But I think he’s-- he’s enjoying just being a kid. A normal kid, on a normal road trip.
Horrified, Dean SLAMS the BUNKER DOOR in Lucifer’s face. Too late-- Lucifer’s reappeared behind Dean.
WIDE ON the Bunker study. SAM WINCHESTER and ROWENA MACLEOD are sitting in two of the study chairs. Neither of them looking at the other. Sam is leaning over in his chair, staring very hard at nothing... while Rowena idly inspects a spell book.
ON CHUCK, crossing his arms. Casually considering his options. Picking the next ice-cream flavor to sample.
Basically nothing. They won’t tell me what went down, but I’m not dumb. I know you and Sam and Dean saved the world somehow and that’s why we’ve got all this crap on our heads with the Fall or whatever.
He brushes across the different materials and sees-- the jacket with the bloody handprint on it. He pauses.
I’m honestly gonna miss those angsty Winchester car conversations, so have at it. One last round, before I kill you both.
They pull up in front of a sheriff’s office. Cut back inside, where Sam turns to Dean as he stops the car--
BIRD’S EYE SHOT, CLOSE ON THE MAP-- which Eileen ROLLS UP and packs away. As she does, we reveal the spot on the table where the initials D.W., S.W. and M.W. are carved into the wood... and that those initials have now been joined by the names JACK and CASTIEL.
CLOSE SHOT of Dean and Castiel, stumbling through the portal, Dean falling to his knees and Castiel catching him--
Off Dean and Jack, looking from Michael to each other-- as though debating wordlessly whether to trust their new guest.
MID SHOT at ground level of a manicured lawn-- and a woman’s BLACK BOOTS, landing hard on springy grass after a high jump. Linger on the form of her catsuit as the camera travels up her body--
God wanted to wipe out an entire multiverse. You managed to salvage some of it, and you complain it wasn’t enough?
, ’cos I ain’t doin’ this a second time and I’m already tired of standin’ here. Knees are gonna give.
Some footage used from 10.20 ANGEL HEART, with our Castiel once again looking on in the background. CLAIRE NOVAK is holding a dead AMELIA NOVAK in her arms.
You saved me first. Freed me from my brother, gave me enough strength to kill him. It was the least I could do.
There was... a deal, he made, to bring back Jack. He never told us about it, until... it doesn’t matter. He made a deal, Sam. I don’t think the Empty is going to let go that easily this time.
Jack. Bringing back all those angels and demons, it was enough to cause the whole world to change. If you’d started bringing back the dead too--
Dean looks at Sam, briefly, but Sam is no help-- he wants to know as much as Jack. Dean looks away, unwilling to tell the full truth right now.
he wanted. So yeah, I’ll be your meatsuit, if it means stopping him. If it means we have any chance of undoing what he’s done. Hell, I’d say yes even if it was just for Cas.
ON DEAN, breathing heavily. Clearly in pain. Beginning to fade from blood loss. But determined to say what he can to Sam first.
WIDE SHOT of the IMPALA, beautiful in the twilight. The scenery is BREATHTAKING. Dusk is falling, and it is rapidly becoming night-time. It’s a wide-open road; nothing but highway asphalt, grass, and distant mountains. No animals, no people-- just Dean and his Baby.
CLOSE ON THE PHONE SCREEN, as Rod opens the front page of the news. First headline: ‘ANGELS WALK AMONG US. Thousands of unidentified people have appeared all over the Earth, claiming to be...’
Whatever we choose to do, I suggest we do it soon. We need to mend whatever we can, as soon as we can. If Heaven falls--
So your son decided to give them all a second chance to get into Heaven. As humans. No powers this time, just the opportunity to live without the influence of Heaven or Hell.
Another pause, this time even more awkward. Dean and Jack, distant on the bed. Unclear on where they stand-- on how much comfort to give each other.
I know I’ve missed out on a lot, but I gather the world’s gone topsy turvy since I was last here. Mammon told me the fabric of reality is stretched so thin right now that one can easily reach into the afterlife and simply pluck a soul out.
Dean and Sam TURN SHARPLY to see THE OLD DEATH behind them, dressed in his classic outfit-- LONG BLACK COAT. DEATH RING. DISDAINFUL EXPRESSION.
He sighs, and puts down his wrench on the concrete floor. After stretching, and making Michael wait as long as possible, he finally turns around.
WIDE SHOT. Our Castiel looks on, distressed, as a BURST OF GRACE-LIGHT takes the scene to a WHITEOUT.
Dean has been watching this exchange, while the other two ignore his presence-- but on this news, he breaks in, voice still hoarse--
But what’s the point? You get some born-again demon, what’s to stop them murdering a few people, killing themselves to get to Hell, and starting the cycle all over again?
Well, that’s a relief. You could help me with the pie, if you like. I’ve just started on the pastry.
Jack, standing in the corner with an armful of vegetables, finally BREATHES OUT. He walks over to the main counter and lets the vegetables fall on to it. Next to him, Michael examines the pile of vegetables. A strategist uncertain of which move to make next.
him. I think my Father’s weakness has always been accounting for love. He tried to twist it, time and time again-- with all of us. But if we know His weakness, then we can find a way to defeat Him.
Dean and Cas glare at each other. Sam ignores their bickering, instead frowning down at their would-be patient.
. I think I underestimated how slimy some of them really were. Might even have felt a wee drop of sympathy for Fergus.
The TV screens are showing the news. The audio is silent, but the news ticker reads ‘WORLD IN CRISIS – THOUSANDS OF STRANGERS APPEAR OVERNIGHT – MANY CLAIM SUPERNATURAL ORIGIN’
You know Ash, when you called me in for an emergency meeting, I had no idea the emergency was serving drinks to an ex-angel.
No. It’s having Adam’s thoughts in my mind, making biting retorts to your witticisms that only I could hear.
Sam shakes his head. Exasperated but amused. He tips back his beer bottle to drain the last of his drink.
Dean flinches. He addresses Michael without turning around, choosing instead to concentrate on lighting the stove.
A RED CAR moving across a (relatively empty) highway. A few vehicles around it have crashed into each other.
Dean gets out a bottle of beer for himself, and drags a bar stool out from under his side of the counter. He sits down on it, unscrewing the beer bottle cap as he does.
ON SAM, drawing out a knife with one hand and a gun with the other. Knowing there’s no chance in hell he can stop them all before they get to his brother... but not about to go down without a fight.
Many. That’s right. So, you gotta tell me somethin’ ’bout the Winchesters only a real friend would know.
--appears at the place where Jack was born. The location looks much the same, (using the cabin model from 12.23 ALL ALONG THE WATCHTOWER as a reference). At some point it seems the tree has been hit by a storm; it lies broken in half, the severed top of the tree sticking out of the lake. It’s a beautiful evening. The sun has set, but the sky is still light enough to be streaked with vibrant colors.
For the first time in the scene, Michael’s eyes dart to his feet. The Empty FOLLOWS HIS GAZE-- to DEAN’S BODY.
Then the glow fades, and Chuck blinks. Shakes his head slightly, then winces-- like he’s got a bad hangover.
watchin’ us-- and anything we think of, any plan we come up with, he’ll know about it and he’ll take it away from us. How do we beat
Chuck crosses his arms. Looks around at the last characters left in his story, then nods. An artist satisfied with his work.
Another break in conversation, as both continue to drink. Dean finishes the rest of his bottle, and puts it aside.
It’s a shame you wasted all that demon blood in you, Sam. But the good news is, there was a whole black market that kept the stuff on tap. Enough to-- well. Let’s just say whatever was left of my soul needed some filling in. And, of course, you know all about the revitalizing properties of demon blood.
Dean looks up from his Castiel to watch the scene. Like watching a car crash. He’s captivated and horrified in equal measure.
--or, almost exactly. I believe my great-nephew and I love this world more than Chuck ever did. So we will assemble it with love, instead of egotism.
And finally-- Castiel looks up slowly towards Dean, confusion and fear beginning to clear from his eyes.
He places his basket next to Dean’s, and hops up on top of one of the machines that Dean isn’t using.
Ash recruited me to be part of his operation. And once I’d plugged a little facial recognition code into the Heaven-wide CCTV feed he’d hacked into... well, we could find anyone. It was a simple matter to snipe Kevin the second he arrived about-- oh, what was it? A couple of weeks ago?
one place that has enough power to make a difference, that wasn’t affected by my Father’s mass-erasure. The same place my brother was resurrected from.
They’re quiet for another long moment, as they each take a drink from their respective beer bottles.
Michael reaches out to clasp Dean’s shoulder again-- but after the briefest moment, he lowers his arm slightly. Grasps on to Dean’s upper arm instead.
Dean turns back around, dumps an assortment of bottles on the counter, and starts pouring them into a mixer.
Sam and Jack BURST IN THROUGH THE FRONT DOOR. Sam runs three steps at a time down the entrance staircase of the Bunker, and races across the war room.
, dude. For years. I mean I didn’t know for sure. Kind of thought it was funny, really. Then I just got annoyed with both of you.
Ahead, Amara and Jack stop. They exchange a look, and Jack nods. Amara DISSOLVES into a cloud of black smoke-- that is SUCKED INTO JACK. Jack LIGHTS UP with power. The bright light overwhelms the shot-- and then suddenly dims... to reveal Amara, Jack and Castiel have vanished.
Inside one window we see ANNA MILTON at a dining table, sitting with her ageing grandparents on either side of her. They’re in the middle of a family dinner.
Castiel closes his eyes briefly-- his face lit up by the light of the escaping angels and demons-- and opens his mouth. His own GRACE spirals out and joins the rest.
Well, sadly I can’t stay for long this time-- Fergus and I have been busy cleaning up on your behalf.
Michael, Jack I need you with me as well. We’ve got to get this right, because we’re only going to have one shot at it.
It’s insulting, is what it is. All this time running errands for the Winchesters and they don’t even call once we’re topside.
We’re not going to wipe the world and make a different one. We’re going to rebuild this one exactly as it was.
On Sam, listening to the phone for a beat. Jack looks on from beside him, wide-eyed and desperate for information.
WIDE SHOT. It’s EILEEN’S 1971 PLYMOUTH VALIANT, with SAM WINCHESTER and JACK KLINE inside. We follow the car as it zooms along the road.
Sam and Castiel belatedly shield their eyes against the glare, but Sam is already moving forwards towards Rowena--
Yes, she is. I told you it wasn’t gonna be easy. But if you want to do this, Castiel, if you really want to do this, you got to ask yourself what’s more important-- her life or your family?
You know, Leonardo, Michelangelo... Never mind. Fine, I’ll come down in a bit. Just need to finish this first.
He summons an ENOCHIAN SPEAR up from the ground, that PIERCES THROUGH MICHAEL’S CHEST. Michael GASPS.
CLOSE ON the woman’s hands, skimming over a shelf. Her fingers pass over dusty titles such as ‘GODS OF AMERICA’, ‘VAMPIRE KILLER’, ‘FORBIDDEN FILES’, ‘ON THE ROAD’. She reaches the end of the shelf, and finds a book tucked away at the corner. She digs it out.
I don’t want to be selfish. I don’t want to be Chuck. But if I could make everyone happy-- shouldn’t I? I feel like I’m letting everyone down.
God has nothing to do with us. Just give us what we want, little witch, and we’ll be out of your hair.
He looks across at Sam. They both know that was the wrong thing to say. Dean looks forward again and amends--
WIDE HIGH ANGLE SHOT on the road. We see THE TRUCK start up again, and drive away into the distance...
You won’t need to. All we need is for my Father to be scared enough to try something. He tries something big, Jack absorbs His power, and the second Jack’s influence eclipses His...
--then move behind the curtain barrier. ON THE CAST AND CREW... waiting backstage. Looking on nervously.
WIDE on Sam, Castiel, Jody and Jack standing at the war table. Sam has a duffle bag slung over his shoulder. A LOUD CLANGING SOUND rings out from the direction of the garage... like, for example, a shelving unit holding a lot of paint cans has been tipped over.
Eileen Leahy and I are working on putting it all together. And in the meantime, if you have suggestions, we’d love to listen. We don’t want this to be, you know, a secretive, hierarchical organization like the British Men of Letters. It’s going to be a Hunters’ Association for
Momentarily. It would be more accurate to say that you will act as a conduit, a channel through which energy will pass. Do not fear. Your vessel is stronger than that of any other human. A weapon forged in the fire of Heaven, and tempered in the pits of Hell.
We were going to make dinner for Sam and Dean too, as thanks for saving the world or whatever. But... I guess it’s fine if it’s just for you and Jack.
Well, admittedly, some of it is, but I put us in our current... situation. I don’t regret... doing what I had to at the time, but we’ve barely spoken since we-- “saved the world”, as you said.
His voice breaks for the first time, and the Winchesters realize that this loss has affected Jack far more deeply than he’s let on.
As I said, I know my Father. His weakness lies in arrogance. In ignoring what doesn’t interest Him, because He never thinks it could be important. That’s how I knew He wouldn’t be watching my movements, when Lucifer was busy torturing the three of you.
Dean ignores him. Walks down the stairs to the infirmary beds. Wastes no time getting down to business.
What? You’re alive, we’re dead. We get every handicap in the game, and you can’t complain because we’re off the table while you’re still playing.
ON DEAN, being dragged by Mammon into a dingy hotel room. It seems that bed frames have been reappropriated as racks; one body hangs limp upon a wooden frame, its skin flayed off.
He stares at Crowley. Without taking his eyes off him, he pats himself down for something to test this apparition with-- holy water, a silver knife, salt. A gun.
But if the spinach is there, we just work out how to open the can, and... Popeye’s our uncle. How hard can it be?
CLOSE on a woman’s BARE FOOT-- stepping into the surface of the lake. The water ripples out from the point of contact. Her foot flattens and holds steady. Her other foot does the same... she’s WALKING ON WATER.
Okay, you know what? I actually think I’m going to get my hands dirty. Need to vent my frustration. ’Cos you guys are
TRACKING SHOT of the boys, as they drag HEAVY BAGS out of the grocery store, stuffed full of supplies.
Chuck raises his hand to snap his fingers, but before he can do anything, Michael comes out of NOWHERE, and FULL BODY TACKLES CHUCK--
Sam and Dean look at each other. Clearly, they’ve thought something similar... but they aren’t going to question Jack’s decision in front of Bobby. At least, not
Meanwhile Claire drags out a chair for Castiel, looking at him expectantly, and Castiel goes over towards it--
Oh, please. Those two idiots can survive just fine on their own for a damn minute. Now sit down, and let’s see how long it takes an
I doubt Dean has ever thought anything through. Especially not when it comes to that angel of his. Or his brother, for that matter.
QUICK CUTS as the two grapple on the ground. Michael momentarily manages to gain the upper hand, getting in a few punches... but then Chuck PUSHES HIM BACK--
! Michael told me that Chuck had sent him to kill Jack, and I realized the boy must be something that Chuck himself couldn’t touch. So, I told him if he could keep the Big Man distracted, I’d do my best to work with whatever nightmare you lot had gotten yourselves into.
CLOSE ON DEAN. A mirror of the shots and expressions from the Dean vs. Dean confrontation in 3.10 DREAM A LITTLE DREAM OF ME.
You have both remade the afterlife once, and it has already had unforeseen consequences. I think perhaps... that this time, we should ask for some advice before we begin.
Dean and Castiel move towards each other, still smiling... and then sway to a stop just before they go in to hug. The joyful expressions flicker. Both men hover on the threshold... uncertain.
Charlie grins and dives down to lean over at the empty end of the table between Castiel and Bobby, chin in her hands. She looks eagerly up at Castiel.
Whenever I lose my powers, I’m always so afraid for them. When I realized Lucifer could be brought back from the Empty... I’ve always felt like I’m looking over my shoulder, waiting for him to show up.
Well, the whole system is unfair, isn’t it? I mean, all monsters go to Purgatory, but then they just die there too? And what, that means-- people like Garth, they go there just because they were bitten?
However, I could be amenable to viewing recorded entertainment features. Adam told me about a movie with a talking polar bear he said reminded him of me. I’d like to watch that one, if you have it.
Of course things have been busy, with the fallout of Jack’s changes. I don’t really blame Dean for-- it’s not his burden to bear.
WIDEN TO REVEAL CLAIRE, sitting in the back seat. She leans over into the gap between the driver and passenger seats.
Hi, son. You know, I was interested in where your character arc was going, but I have to say all this--
As the light fades, we see MICHAEL has appeared beside Dean-- still wearing the younger John Winchester’s visage. He clasps Dean’s left shoulder. Dean winces, and flinches away from his grip.
There’s a pause, as they both realize Castiel has spoken aloud the issue they’d so far managed to avoid addressing directly.
You know just because you’re-- you just don’t got a right to tell people how-- how they feel. Alright?
Footage used from 15.17 UNITY, where a (slightly) younger Dean is talking to a (slightly) younger Sam.
A movement along the top balcony catches Sam’s eye, and he draws Dean back into the shadows behind the exterior wall.
As we dolly slowly into the library, we see others. Hunters we know from the 12.06 CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF ASA FOX talking with EILEEN LEAHY. CASTIEL talking with CHARLIE BRADBURY (ALTERNATE) and STEVIE. Finally, SAM AND DEAN WINCHESTER talking to BOBBY SINGER (ALTERNATE).
Reverse angle. Off Claire, staring across the room-- then distracted as Patience pulls her attention back to a game of cards between the younger hunters--
Footage from 13.01 LOST AND FOUND, in which YOUNGER SAM AND DEAN burn the remains of CASTIEL and KELLY KLINE--
And, also, we’re gonna be better at communicating. Set up the Men of Letters equipment with proper tech, bring us all into the 21st century-- have this place be open to hunters who need a halfway point. It’s all a little hazy right now, but Eileen--
She sacrificed her powers, but... as it turns out, even drained of The Darkness, she still had her own soul. Enough to make her a human. And I still have little grace left, which will come in handy should we ever face a serious threat.
Eileen is carrying three opaque bags full of what looks like books and hunting equipment. She walks down the stairs, smiling disbelievingly.
Meanwhile, Sam is thinking back too-- remembering everything that went down with Michael and Lucifer.
MID SHOT of the WAYWARD DINING TABLE, with JODY MILLS, DONNA HANSCUM, CLAIRE NOVAK, ALEX JONES, PATIENCE TURNER and KAIA NIEVES eating dinner. Jody is at the head of the table, pointing a fork full of food at Patience, mid-lecture.
Haven’t you heard? Hell’s closed. Permanently. Lucky for me, though, I had a few fans that slipped out into humanity. Imagine how honored I felt when they said I was their chosen pick to lead our kind back to greatness.
I don’t know how you snuck in here. I don’t know how you wormed your way into Castiel’s personal torture chamber. But I know this; now you’re in
He brought the whole world back to life, didn’t he? Seems interventionist to me. We gonna pretend he wouldn’t use his God-powers on his Featherhead Dad over there if he dropped dead right now?
And perhaps they escaped through Dean at the same time as the others. The Leviathans, then? Jack holds them too?
Off Crowley, flaring his nostrils, radiating ‘You simpleton. You absolute buffoon’ with every fiber of his being. He flaps his hands in the air--
Samuel, if you don’t update your living standards to the 21st century, how on Earth can you expect guests to stay here?
Inside a fast-food shop-- BENNY LAFITTE cleaning the countertop with his great-granddaughter ELIZABETH smiling, looking on.
Dean looks around at the darkness of the Empty, then back to their adversary. He slowly stands to his feet. Michael, meanwhile, remains unmoved.
He walks towards Sam and Dean. Sam helps Dean up to his feet, both of them clutching at each other...
I’m fine. Just a bit of a-- a shock. I knew what I was getting into, but experiencing it was-- well. Unlike anything else.
The boys are watching movies again. Jack and Sam share the couch, and Dean and Michael are in the armchairs on either side. Michael is next to Jack, and keeps looking at him rather than the film. Sam is reading a book of lore, and seems relatively content.
Castiel is agonized. He looks away from Dean’s face. Doesn’t want to see the answer he thinks is there.
Castiel looks down at the table. Fists clenched. Obviously upset, but unable to do anything about it.
I need you to modify an existing spell. Specifically, the one Lucifer’s vessel used to try and summon him back from the Empty.
Um. What about the-- the nice monsters. I mean, are we. Are we gonna have rules about. Ask questions first, shoot later?
Heaven is falling to pieces, so we need to act quickly. But I thought it was time we asked the humans what they wanted. For a change.
When he was upset, or angry-- it always felt like he was trying to be someone he wasn’t. His soul would go sort of-- flat. Gray. And whenever Mary brought up your dad, it would go that color too.
HIGH ANGLE looking down on A CITY ALLEYWAY... within it, a WOMAN we’ve never seen before. Lying face down on the ground. She has BLONDE, SHORT-CROPPED HAIR, and a RED LEATHER JACKET.
I tell you what, he’s much more manageable as a human. Honestly, I wouldn’t have kept him around, but... well, I have the magic teleportation, and he has the secret locations filled with valuables that nobody else knows about. It’s mutually beneficial.
A beat, as Jack examines his hands. Wonders at the powers they once contained-- and might contain again soon.
I don’t think life should be perfect, or that we should all be immortal. Maybe it’s okay to just-- appreciate the time we have.
Eileen rolls her eyes and signs ‘goodnight, grandpa’. Sam bursts out laughing. Dean rolls his eyes, but claps his brother on the back with affectionate approval as he passes.
An extended fight scene. Quick cuts as they shoot at each other. The woman DUCKS behind the pews, firing off bullets rapidly when she can. Most hit and kill their targets.
Thank you, Mammon. You want to know the secret? All good things take time. Lucifer, Lilith, Abaddon-- always rushing into things. But me? I know that to make something really work, you have to wait years. Lay the groundwork. Let the seeds take root.
Maybe he isn’t. I mean, who knows what’s going on inside him? When Death put up a wall in my mind, I felt fine until it started... disintegrating.
Sam YANKS the gear stick into reverse and BACKS UP EILEEN’S CAR. Then he turns the wheel (and car) around, driving off-road.
your family. No matter what. So you better goddamn leave a note next time, or so help me-- I will find a way to ground your ass.
You know things aren’t going to change, right? I mean, I’m not going to propose tomorrow, or anything.
these places anyway? They got a TripAdvisor for creepiest stays in rural America? Four stars, found a dead woman in the shower but the blood stains on the walls didn’t seem very authen--
Deal’s off, buttercup. I’m starting to like this whole ‘being awake’ thing. Who needs sleep when you can binge drama like
Dean grabs Castiel firmly and throws them both through the portal. Their figures are LIT UP by the portal light as they go.
WIDE SHOT of Castiel and Sam, standing over JACK KLINE in an infirmary bed. Composition should be fairly painterly (think ‘
Archangel blades? That’s not like you. You’d just smite Michael where he stood. But you didn’t, because you’re worried if you use the power required to do that, Jack will absorb it. And if he absorbs enough, maybe he can kill you.
Jody enters the kitchen, Jack close on her heels... but he stops at the doorway. Looks around at the WAYWARDS, bullying each other and making a mess. He obviously feels out of place, despite the Bunker being his own home.
And you must be Sam and Eileen! I’ve heard all about you. I’ll leave you to your shopping, but Dean-- the reason I’m here, actually, is my plumbing’s completely on the fritz. I was going to ask the employees here if they knew a good plumber, but... I don’t suppose you’d mind coming around tomorrow to take a look yourself?
