“Private physician.  I run a place a few miles away.”
“My name is Mike Stand-in-the-Ford,” croaked the frog.  “I have come on account of one of my friends.  I would like to introduce you!”
The next time Sherlock accidentally set part of his castle on fire, John was in the library.  Sherlock came rushing in, covered in soot, wisps of smoke curling from his clothes, flames licking at his heels.  “Run,” he yelled, and John hesitantly took a few steps, still in shock, before Sherlock grabbed him around the waist and half-carried him to the open window.  He jumped through, landed in a large hydrangea, and rolled to his feet quickly enough to arrest John’s flight.  It was a rather romantic catch, even if Sherlock did stumble and fall on his back under John’s weight.  Particularly after John shifted uncomfortably atop him, and Sherlock looked at him with a faint smile, eyes glazed.
Now, it was filled with the one person who mattered.
“Rise,” said the Queen.  John got uncomfortably to his feet.
There was a small corridor near the back of the castle.  The princes had discovered it when they were still boys, searching for secret passageways to slay dragons in.  It was dark, room along the wall for one small torch that flickered in the breeze as the boys, now grown, spoke.
brims.  The terrified royal would whisper that it was a sign of the sorcerer’s two-faced, changeling personality – some even guessed that the man had literally two faces, the better to watch them all with, or perhaps because of an experiment gone wrong.
“We and the toads built them so we could visit one another!” said Mike.  “We—”
“I most certainly do
"It's alright," said John, cutting off that train of thought hastily.  "That was... amazing.  Brilliant."
“Ah.  That’s illegal, isn’t it?  Damaging human bodies goes against the word of God and whatnot.”
"Yes," said the Queen, "he may still count as a prince."
The lady tutted.  “Their mothers have a lot to answer for,” she said.  “I’m Mrs. Hudson, by the way.”
They talked about the Plague again.  John quickly realized that the sorcerer was just as desperately eager to discuss it as he was to avoid the subject.
This time, Sherlock answered seriously.
Within the next fifteen minutes, a young woman strolled through the gates, her jet-black hair piled elegantly on her head, a stark contrast with the rather poor quality of clothing she was wearing.  She looked around imperiously before walking through the doors without hesitation.
I apologize for making Wiggin a caricature from Sco’ish twitter.  I had to share my horrible bastardization of the dialect with the world.
“Painkillers.”
But either way, John thought, it wasn’t as if Sherlock would have believed him.  John would simply refuse to leave the castle after the thirty-first; that would be far more convincing than any words would.
There was a brief lull in the conversation, then John asked,
“Hypothetically, if it was intelligent, wouldn’t it be amiss to slaughter it without giving it a chance to defend itself?”
John said, “You complete idiot,” and punched him in the face.
John couldn’t help but grin.  For all that everyone claimed the sorcerer was wicked, said wicked sorcerer had helped his practice more than anyone in his family ever had.
“John.”
“What did you need me for?”
The sorcerer scowled.  “The laws of this land are made by idiots who oppose progress,” said he.  “I’d never learn anything if I followed the letter of the law.”
,” he said.  “
A pause, then the penny dropped.
He was a good
Sherlock’s look darkened.
Mike swam on until it came to a sort of naturally-forming dam, where it stopped and croaked, “Fear not, fear not!  Remove that stone, and under it you will see a flight of stairs; they will lead you down to my—”
“I’m not I follow,” said John.  “Are you saying there’s someone who goes around drinking the blood of royal-” then it hit him.  “
He was almost to the doors when a guard stopped him.
“You can’t possibly be here to
Inside, gold and jewels glittered, easily worth a fourth part of a kingdom.
“You complete
“Something on your mind?” John said, almost teasingly.
“Have you got any thoughts?”
I need you?”
“Sherlock!”  Mrs. Hudson scolded.
“Sorry,” said John.  “I didn’t realize- the others said the food appeared magically; I didn’t think I’d keep anyone waiting.”
Sherlock turned to John, resting his elbows on his knees and pressing his fingertips together.
Sherlock seemed unconvinced, but turned back to his notes, and John let out a quiet sigh of relief.
John looked down.  “A… dagger.”
John sighed.  It was said that the sorcerer could tell when one was lying.  “Wiggin.”
Somehow, against all odds, I have begun editing this again.  And,
So John did the only thing he could do.
Weeks blurred into months, and soon winter arrived, bringing with it enough snow to blanket the world in white.
John sighed.
“He keeps body parts lying around his house, John!  What good person keeps-”
“Stoop-shouldered, looks like a heap of rags?”
Normally, this was the part of the narrative where the prince or princess told their savior “Thank you” with a hint of “I love you”.
“She means Earl Grey,” he supplied.  Irene huffed.
“Mrs. Hudson was my father’s housekeeper, and then my brother’s,” the sorcerer explained.  “I inherited her along with the estate when they passed.
Then, one day, the sorcerer would appear.  Tall, slender, and clad all in black, his cape billowed behind him like the wings of a bat, and his collars were high enough to reach his jawline.  His skin was sallow, unnaturally dark.  And, as if that wasn’t enough, he wore a cap with
“Who do you go to?  Don’t play dumb; I know you have a provider.”
The sorcerer scowled.  “I haven’t
“Someone’s
“Ooh,” said Sherlock.  “Is that-”
“John.”
Mary was happy about the wealth, but insisted that it would be difficult to expand if John wasn’t around.
They talked about the Plague again.  John quickly realized that the sorcerer was just as desperately eager to discuss it as he was to avoid the subject.
me,” Sherlock growled.
John shivered.  The quarantined sector was filled with those who’d been diagnosed as hopeless, doomed to death by Plague.  Incurable, allegedly.
“With what materials?”  Sherlock interrupted, carefully setting down the arm he’d been carrying and prying up the stone.  “And how- the creation of stairs implies you are a member of an advanced, tool-using civilization.  How have we never come into contact with people – er, beings – like you?”
John was trying to figure out how to best respond when the rat hissed and expired.
“No, I insist.  See your family, tell them you’re alright.  Tell them- tell them I’ll stop asking for royal companions after this year.”  He swept out of the room before John could explain that he meant he wouldn’t be leaving after the end of the year.
“You’re not a real sorcerer, are you?”
“Why ask for live-in companions?”  John asked again, after Sherlock finished infecting a rat with the newest Plague sample he’d isolated.
“What wasn’t?”
In a certain place lived a young beekeeper, whose name was Sherlock.  One day, as he was washing severed body parts off in a rivulet, a large, fat frog swam toward him, looking so odd that Sherlock was alarmed at the sight of it.
Soon, John ran into Mrs. Hudson again at the dining table, fretting over the uneaten dishes.
“Hang on,” John said.  Sherlock started, having completely forgotten John was in the room.  Irene turned to him interestedly.  John felt uncomfortably like prey under her gaze.  He cleared his throat.
“Yes,” he said curtly, and hoisted Sherlock onto his shoulders, carrying him downstairs to where his horse was waiting.  Together with Mrs. Hudson, they secured Sherlock and rode as quickly as they dared back to his hospital.
“I’ll have to lay these fingers out to dry,” he said.  “Would you mind leaving them on an upstairs windowsill for me?”
Inside, gold and jewels glittered, easily worth a fourth part of a kingdom.
John was used to Sherlock’s non-sequiturs by now, but still asked, to be polite.
The sorcerer shook his head.  “It was a long time ago.”  They sat down at the same end of the table, the sorcerer at the head, John at his right hand.  Mrs. Hudson hesitated before resignedly allowing them to help themselves to the cold food.  “Plague,” he elaborated.
The two women met his gaze solidly.  “Yes,” they said, simultaneously.
!  I’m a physician!”
Harry shook his head.  “I can see there’s no changing your mind,” he said.  “Good luck.”  He clapped his brother on the shoulder and left.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes.  The strange stairway under the stone was dark, and he could barely make out where the stairs lay.  The darkness seemed to stretch on forever, with no end in sight.
Supper was laid out by the time they came upstairs, an elderly lady removing dishes one by one from the table.
Two servants stepped out from the curtained area behind a throne, carrying between them a large wooden chest.  They set it down carefully and made a big show of opening it.
The sorcerer smiled.  “Precisely.”
” the sorcerer said impatiently.  “It stops a patient’s pain for around two hours, and then you can operate on them.  It’s better than hiring clods to hold them down while they scream their heads off when you cut them open.”
John paused, fascinated, wondering if he should introduce himself; but before he could, the main straightened up and turned around.
The sorcerer raised his hands to his face, then quickly dropped them, remembering the bloodstains.  “Your clothes are of a style three years out of fashion.  Your jewelry is flawless, but when your hand shifted just now, the skin beneath your rings was tan.  You aren’t accustomed to wearing such riches; the way you hold yourself – it’s unfamiliar for you; uncomfortable.  There’s a tear on your sleeve from where it dragged against something sharp – you weren’t careful with it; that sort of care takes decades of wearing the right clothes.  But you’ve managed to avoid getting a speck of dust on your doublet… Who are you
One night, John heard the discordant sounds his predecessors had warned him about. The screeching woke him before first light, and for a moment, he remembered raised scimitars gouging streaks into his armor. The thought prevented him from going back to sleep. He got up.
John said, “You complete idiot,” and punched him in the face.
John nodded.  “Fair enough.”
“Sorry,” John said meekly.
, it is a rough piece of work.  But there are good parts.
“There’s the genius of it,” said Sherlock, eyes gleaming.  “It jumps from infected to healthy with ease, and few can spot it before it’s too late.  Sometimes I almost imagine it to possess its own intelligence.”
*runs and hides*
“Of course,” Sherlock said, shamefaced, and took his instrument down with him.
Finally updated!  If you've been following this work (...sorry...), the first chapter got extended.  I still have not done a lick of editing, and I apologize for that.  It'll happen.  Eventually.  Maybe.
John frowned.  “Why would a doctor want to kill pain?  Pain is the only way we can figure out what’s going on with a patient.”
John left the room, went down a long hallway, turned another corner— and faintly his ears picked up a sound from nearby.  A light wooden door opened onto a spiral staircase, some ambient light filtering out from below.  He went down the steps and found himself in some rather dismal cellars, torches flickering in their sconces.  The faint thudding noise had grown louder.  Following the sound, John eventually found himself in what could only be the dungeons.  A table covered with a bloodstained white cloth stood at the far end, and before it was a man bending over a cadaver with an open chest wound.
John didn’t understand why Mrs. Hudson would often leave when he and Sherlock began discussing things.  John was perfectly happy to have the housekeeper nearby, and it always confused him when she’d say things like “time for my nightcap” when it was two hours before she usually went to sleep, or “I’ll leave you to it,” and wink.  It wasn’t like he was plotting anything particularly secret with Sherlock.
“You’re not wicked,” said John quietly.
“Actually, I was hoping you could tell me about this.”  John walked over to the cadaver, frowning at the chest wound.  “Blunt trauma, I presume?  A large, heavy object, propelled from some distance…” He peered at it more closely.  “But the cause of death appears to be…”
“You aren’t a real sorcerer, are you?”
“Never mind,” Sherlock sighed.  He picked up the severed arm again.  “Is there someone else I might ask down there?”
me,” Sherlock scoffed.  “Don’t you know anything about the people who live here?  They’ll never believe an explanation for my cure as mundane as one that involves no magic.”
“SHERLOCK!’  The mild-mannered housekeeper slammed her hands on the table, looking so fearsome that Sherlock started.  “Eat,” she commanded, and he obeyed immediately.
“Tea, dear?” Mrs. Hudson beamed.
to you?"
‘Shezza’ was downstairs sawing at his violin, having just finished sawing at a femur.  He placed the instrument carefully in its case before turning and raising an eyebrow imperiously at Wiggin.  It wasn’t quite as intimidating without his coat – John had noted some time ago that Sherlock did a certain thing with his coat collar and his cheekbones and Sherlock had gotten extremely flustered and flailed his arms about.  He imagined the man wasn’t used to people figuring what it was that gave him the imposing look.  Perhaps John was getting better at deductions.
"Married into money - considers herself to have escaped the dull realities of poverty; it must have taken skill on her part to arrange the marriage.  She was expecting rain, but it's a fine day - she's cautious, about the weather at least, prepares for the worst..."  Sherlock's brow furrowed.  "I'm not sure what- Mycroft would have gotten more out of her; I used to let him..."
John scowled.  “Fine.”
“Like what?”
“Honors?  Ah, yes.  Medal of Valor.”
“I don’t know how he knew,” the royals would cry, “but he
“Why princes and princesses?  I mean, why make royal descendants stay with you?  Not that I’m complaining, but aren’t they usually a pain to deal with?”
The sorcerer smiled.  “Precisely.”
“No,” said Sherlock, finally. “I’m not.”
“Ordinary people are boring.”  The sorcerer turned back to the fingerless hands on his table.
To my dear readers,
“It was my brother’s dying wish that I… make friends.”
“Because I came down here alone?” John cocked his head, smiling amicably.
“- and it’s changed hundreds of lives for the better.”  She smiled calmly at a quietly fuming Sherlock, looking at him with the impassivity of a Greek statue.
The guard lifted his visor.
One night, John heard the discordant sounds his predecessors had warned him about.  The screeching woke him before first light, and for a moment, he remembered raised scimitars gouging streaks into his armor.  The thought prevented him from going back to sleep.  He got up.
“All that it could possibly have to say has already crossed my mind,” said Sherlock darkly.  “Its destruction remains inevitable.”
“Have you any thoughts?”
, John.  You are
“Oh,” said the sorcerer.  “This is… Harry, Michael, and then the charts wouldn’t have shown your name after eight years ago, so something from earlier… Jack?”
Once upon a time, there was a wicked sorcerer who lived in a tall black castle.  The kingdoms around him lived in fear.
By the second month, John began to wonder why the sorcerer hadn’t taken him out to try and deduct people.  It wasn’t that he was jealous, he told himself.  He just wanted to watch the deductive process.  He brought the matter up the next time he ran into the sorcerer.
“- with
He looked like an ordinary man without the black collared cape.  A bit tall and thin, perhaps; darker-skinned, a foreigner, but not a Moor.  His cheekbones were stark in the torchlight, his hair having the distinct shape of hair that has been flattened under a cap for too long.  The only unusual thing about him was his eyes – small, black, intelligent eyes, flickering over John in a way that made him feel small, as if under the scrutiny of a crowd of a thousand, like he was waiting to perform at his mother’s tournaments again.  He straightened his back, for what it was worth – the sorcerer looked to be at least a head taller than him – and planted his feet, meeting those analytical eyes squarely.
“I hold kingdoms hostage with the threat of the most dangerous plague known to man.  Hardly a sign of goodness.”
“Because I came down here alone?”  John cocked his head, smiling amicably.
“It’s poisoned,” Harry explained earnestly.  “One small cut and the sorcerer’s reign of terror is ended.”
“Actually, I was hoping you could tell me about this.”  He walked over to the cadaver.  “Blunt trauma, I presume?  A large, heavy object, propelled from some distance…” He peered at it more closely.  “But the cause of death appears to be…”
"Of course.  Now what about the man standing over there?"
Soon, John ran into Mrs. Hudson again at the dining table, fretting over the uneaten dishes.
Some days, the sorcerer would drag his helpless victim with him through the streets of their kingdom, casting a spell over them to ensure they would not be seen.  He would then point out people and describe minute details of their life down to what they had for breakfast.
There was a brief lull in the conversation, then John asked,
“S’that your name?”
“Really?”
“In the meantime,” interrupted John, “you’ll continue dropping heavy things on corpses to see how long it takes for their ribs to crack.”
John shook his head.  It was true that he still felt no passionate ardor for her, but neither did he actively loathe her; it was as good a match as he could hope for.
The gaze turned admiring.  “You’ve done it too, then, haven’t you?  Taken someone’s body for research?”
“Wiggin!” John exclaimed.  “I just paid you!”
By the second month, John began to wonder why the sorcerer hadn’t taken him out to try and deduct people.
Outside, in the hallway, a bizarre sight greeted him.  The sorcerer was leaping about in the corridor, turning in circles, a fiddle under his chin as he sawed away at it as if the instrument had done him a personal injustice.  The fiddle screamed under the torture, like a thousand dying cats.
He was once a powerful sorcerer who had saved five kingdoms from the Plague twice over.  His life had once been filled with loneliness and turmoil.
“Oh,” said Sarah as they broke apart.  “Sorry, John – I didn’t see you.”
“Of course.  The Sorcerer.”
Sherlock snorted.  “First things first,” he said.  “I haven’t eradicated it yet.”  He thought for a moment.  “I suppose I’d become a beekeeper,” he said at last.  “I’ve always wanted to.  I’d probably continue my scientific pursuits, but in a less focused way – more time for fun experiments instead of obsessing over this Plague.”
a ticket, do they? They don’t get suspicion, cuz of the money linin’ their pockets!”
I told him, and I became aware that I was weeping, dripping fat tears onto Holmes’s chemical stained desk.
"Yes," said Holmes. There was an expectant moment, and he crossed his arms. "Well?"
Gang trouble. Not unheard of, considering Johann's line of business. Often, it was a choice between them and corrupt Yarders when it came to keeping the doors open and clients unhassled. “Whatever for?”
“And what draws you to such a conclusion, Mr. Holmes?” asked Coram, and his voice was a strip of gravel.
“Gentlemen,” said the young man. “I’m Station Master Bertram. I would be happy to help you but...” He hesitated, voice dipping with uncertainty. “My supervisor has not informed me about this. I do not know if...”
She trembled, whispering prayers I had not heard since my youngest days as a child in church, clutching her cross.
“It is very possible that Mr. Ables, if we are to believe the evidence that he was indeed a member of this club and a homosexual, went there sometime in the last two days. The younger Mr. Ables clearly has no notion to the meaning of his brother’s hidden band, and so he would have no way of knowing whether or not his brother went to the club, as opposed to directly home, two nights ago.”
“Hello?” I called, my voice echoing in the hollow space, and Holmes and I exchanged glances. Humming in thought, my friend abandoned the ticket booth and paced towards the station master’s office door. Reaching for it, he gave its golden knob a tentative twist, and lifted a slow eyebrow when it opened.
"Negotiations can be awful fluid," said the lieutenant, voice like an oil slick. "But rest assured, we will see to our end of the bargain." He lifted a dark brow. "And I needn't tell you what will happen if you don't see to yours."
I nodded, and we branched apart. It had become habit to reassure myself of the weight of my service pistol in my pocket whenever Holmes and I were separated on a case, and so I found myself fingering it unconsciously in my pocket as I headed towards the luggage room. The wind outside had picked up force, battering the hall glass windows with a low, winding wail, and I found myself hoping that we would return to the inn soon, before the oncoming storm took the entire countryside in a deluge.
My hands slide down the pale stay of his neck. “Is there?” I murmur, smiling against his skin as my mouth crept to the corner of his, trailing down his chin to his jaw. Slowly, his fingers curl in the fabric of my sleep shirt, encouraging me downward over him.
Choking on a gasp, the man crumpled like a sack of bricks, and the other backed away, crooked teeth bared in a hiss. I felt my face twist into a snarl of my own as I danced back, arm lifted to block a blow as he swung his stick down upon me with savage speed. His rage was no match to my fever, however. As he brought his weight down in a second blow I twisted at the parry, pivoting close enough to curl a wrist and drive the base end of my stick into his left knee. He roared out a curse, stumbling backwards, and I readjusted my grip, sliding my hands down the wood until I was holding it like a cricket bat, the metal grip glinting in the light.
drop a comment or hmu on tumblr (@apprenticeofdoyle or @biwatson) if you guys like it so far!
It had not, and I had gone home with no one, nursing my loneliness as I had done for three years with no one to blame but myself.
it began.
“There are no signs to indicate the train ran off the track,” he said, quiet and quick. “Nor are there any other traces...” He trailed off, and his mouth twisted into a thin, thrilled smile. “There is nothing whatsoever.”
He swallowed again, and the reflection from the fireplace danced warm light across deep, uncharacteristic uncertainty.
Suddenly, there was a sharp
Johann hissed and I lifted a hand to his shoulder.
"Not at all, Doctor. I have a good memory, your taste is not in question."
"If it's no trouble," I said, and Thomas scoffed.
“A delay, you say?” I asked, rapidly scribbling
“Your intention to distract me from my ruminations is also quite opaque, my dear fellow,” he said, face clearing. “However appreciated, your concern is misplaced. I assure you that my silence is productive, not melancholic.” He gestured with a hand to his desk opposite him, and I saw that his microscope had been unearthed from its home in his bedroom and positioned next to an unfamiliar collection of yellowed papers. “I spent much of last night deciphering a new palimpsest I acquired from a fellow scholar at Oxford. He bargains its creation to early Rome but I found an inscription—the faintest imprint through layers of atramentum—that just might point to earlier Etruscan usage.”
Rest, Holmes! Relaxation in the quiet countryside, without a single client or villain in sight—” I ignored him as he scoffed, at either my phrasing or the sentiment, “—and you’ll scarcely be resting if you bring your entire chemical lab along with you!”
“Watson.”  The amorous tint of his grey eyes faded into more solemn tones. “I saw you in the waiting hall near the fire. As an ardent student in the full range of your facial expressions, I can recognize when you're in pain. You will let me know, should we go beyond your limits today.”
Holmes’s eyes glittered like the country sky at nightfall. “And I you,” he said, voice precarious with feeling. His eyes drifted across my face, that genius mind working away at some calculation I could scarcely hope to solve. “You remain the most critical person in my life, Watson. I cannot fathom life without you by my side. It is beyond me, how I came to deserve you...or your forgiveness.”
“A midnight murder, Watson!” he exclaimed, alive with sudden, crackling energy. “A locked estate, lost tracks, and a mysterious bespectacled woman at the scene of it. What in Ancient Rome could compare?”
case,” Holmes enthused. A beat, and he said, “You’ll come along with me to Yoxley Old Place, of course?”
“Good afternoon, sir,” he said, with acerbic pleasantry. “Loathe as my colleague and I are to disturb you, we are investigating the disappearance of last night’s train, and we require your assistance.”
“No sudden movements, gentlemen,” Coram warned.
The man spluttered and groaned, glassy eyes flickering open with visible effort. “Whazzit...I’m up! I’m up! The seventy-two train in?”
visit to the country.”
“No, thank you,” volleyed Holmes, just as I was opening my mouth. I smiled gratefully at the girl and she flushed rather prettily, no doubt at Holmes’s manners as he charged into the guest room like a hound with a scent. Entering it with Hopkins on my tail, I saw that the room was small and sparse, with many books piled upon the young man’s study and the small, wire-framed bed cleanly made in the corner. What drew my attention first, naturally, was the great jagged hole in the room’s one window, with its wooden panes broken and whatever glass remaining splintered in fractures.
“You need medical attention yourself, doctor.” I scoffed, throwing the arm away. A few torn knuckles were nothing to a lifetime of pain in the leg, and I would kneel on soaked cobblestones for days if Holmes could not rise from them.
"None whatsoever," Holmes said promptly. In rare form, he seemed to relish the point. "This case is proving to be a remarkable challenge, Watson. A palate cleanser, of a kind, after such a series of trivial affairs."
“Then as its creditor, know that I will go to whatever lengths to preserve it.”
“What the devil...?” I muttered. “Holmes—”
He smiled, finally, in earnest. And after such a rare display of his consideration for me, more proof than I ever needed that I held a place in his affection, I believed I could identify fondness, too, in the curve of his mouth.
"Evidence is falling into place," Holmes murmured, and I could almost trace a thread of bashfulness within it. “A conclusion is forthcoming.” He lifted a hand and lightly brushed fingers across his upper lip. “Your moustache tickles, Watson.”
“I do not sniffle,” Holmes huffed, and I rolled my eyes.
"The flask in your pocket and orgy of empty bottles strung about this station tell a different story, sir,” Holmes said cuttingly. “Tell the truth now, or I shall not hesitate to document your pitiful state in our report.”
Yours, Fred. Goodness. How very charming."
I did not allow the misery of those cold years without him to touch me. Not here, within his embrace. “I forgave you the moment you asked for it," I whispered. “I was angry. Not that you lied—only that you left me behind. But you returned to me. How can I not forgive you, when to share my life with you is all I have ever wanted?”
Yes, I would miss Staffordshire. But eventually Holmes’s mobile lab and bees failed to stimulate his carnivorous mind, and we were homebound. I, myself, was thrilled he had managed to endure the country as long as he did.
“I thought you wanted to leave,” Holmes whispered. The words hit me like a mortar shell, reverberating shock down my spine. “I believed it. Contrived every piece of evidence I observed to support it. And then, to shield myself, I decided to confront you, with deliberate unkindness, because I had deluded myself into believing it was safer for you to go. That it would be less painful for us both, if you left in anger, rather than with regret. It was selfish and illogical and I—” His voice snapped, buckling under strain, and his eyes glimmered with emotion. “It seems even with the best of intentions, I manage to cause you pain.”
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson,” Holmes said, perfunctory and unmoving from his fixed point on his study. I echoed the sentiment gratefully over my tinderbox. She nodded and left us, and after producing flame and rubbing my hands together, I made way towards our dining table eager to wrap my hands around a warm cup.
“You do not smile as often as you did before, Watson,” he said finally, muted. “Your laughter is a rarer thing. I believed at first that you had simply not forgiven me for deceiving you for so long, but then I began to notice that you were…monitoring your expressions in my presence. Writing less. I perceived this as an attempt on your part to…distance yourself. From me. That upon my return, you realized the joy in our partnership had diminished.”
Holmes smiled at the astonishment of Hopkins, who had in moments ripped a small book from his jacket to write down everything he said, and at my own amazed expression. He would hate to hear it, but his observations often seemed nothing short of divination to me: incredible feats of charm and sorcery, owing nothing to magic but everything to skill. Years passed and he remained extraordinary, while I remained hopelessly impressed by his every insight.
I thought, thumb smoothing across its surface, wishing it were his hand instead.
“You managed without it before, and you’ll do so now. Unless you feel that convenience has weakened your deductive powers on foot?”
The address that Holmes provided me was a block east of the Circle, an empty building that appeared to be an old tailor shop, by the looks of things. Its windows were boarded up and the entire place was layered in a veneer of dust, but it was empty, had two exits, and would do for our purposes.
"I..." Holmes's voice suddenly cracked. In that instant, he looked young. Young, pained, and horribly vulnerable. "Why?"
The moment passed, however, at the faint thread of cursing emanating through the floorboards, and I exhaled a sigh of relief. Distant memories of gunfire and the Afghan fields withdrew their cold fingers from my mind, and my thoughts turned hotly to the floor below. Annoyance dousing the adrenaline in my blood, I threw off my bedcovers, seized my morning robe, and shrugged into it on my way downstairs.
Nodding, he pushed it open, and we streamed inside to find an office in disarray. Rubbish sat in piles strewn from every corner, loose bottles and crumpled papers, and lying face-first on his desk in the corner sat the master, limp as death.
I looked through bleary eyes at his desk, at the station of his work. It had provided him more assistance in his crusade against London’s criminal element than I had. Maybe it was uncharitable, to compare myself to an inanimate object; I knew that Holmes had appreciated my help. But I was aware that my position at his side had been earned through loyalty, not utility. I had been lucky to witness what I had, friend to brilliance that never had and would never again shine upon this earth.
," I retorted. "I
, I tried to tell myself.
I sigh. He will not let go of it unless I confess it all, and I have learned the ill-wisdom of leaving him to draw his own conclusions regarding my feelings.
“Haven’t a clue what you’re talking about, Farrow,” replied the bartender, cleaning a whisky glass.
“I’m sure I could think of something with which to occupy our morning,” I say. The joy in my own voice cannot be disguised, and Old Yoxley Place is a barely a memory. What else can I be but content? With Holmes beneath me, striking beyond words, those keen eyes sparkling with mischief, I can hardly ask for more in life.
*     *     *
“Yes, Mr. ‘Olmes,” Fred agreed, bobbing his small head. “Peter said he wanted to move us out of East End one day, someplace safer. I told ‘im I was a'right when he were workin’ but he did worry about me an awful lot, bein’ by meself at ‘ome.”
The hour was growing late, the maitre’d had long since cleared away our table, and I had sucked my cigar near to the butt, whittling away as much time with Holmes as I could before the waitstaff turned us out for business close. I wanted nothing more than to go home with him to Baker Street rather than back to the clinic. We had seen little of each other since he took this case earlier in the week, and I had been missing his company somewhat terribly, due to our conflicting schedules. Miraculously, Holmes had agreed to meet me for supper in the Strand, and I had been surprised and pleased when he accepted the invitation. Holmes rarely could be convinced to eat voluntarily in the midst of an investigation, and it was practically unheard of that he would waste time sitting in a restaurant when he could be on task.
“Wilson,” I said, jumping in my bed. “Good lord, I’d nearly forgotten. Is he alright?”
“You offer yourself instead?” Coram rasped a foul laugh, and in all its foolishness, my soul cried out in relief. “You are a celebrity, Sherlock Holmes. Your face is known across the entire country. No, you would make a very poor hostage. But no one will recognize the face of Dr. John Watson. More’s the point, Mr. Holmes—” In a swift motion faster than I thought him capable of, Coram moved behind me, grabbing my war-scarred shoulder in a cruel grip. The cool metal of a muzzle kissed the side of my neck. “He is the best leverage I could ask for.”
“Of course, Holmes,” I said obligingly, drunk with the furious, clumsy kisses he peppered upon my mouth, as if I could control the direction of all future bullets destined for my cranium at his request. He kissed like a young man did, uncertain and feverish, and it dizzied me, sending me lax and pliant beneath him.
“Remarkable,” I said. “It is indeed obvious, once you finger it. But...that it was his
But for all that I ached, sleep would not find me swiftly.
“I thought you were never coming back round,” Thomas Farrow crowed. I shared a look with a curious Holmes, and ambled my way to my friend’s side. At the sight of my friend, Thomas’s eyes sparked with mischief.  “And look, miracles come in pairs! You devil, you’ve brought a plus one!”
That was quite a convincing point, I conceded, and it leveled some significant sway over the more practical voice in my ear.
Hopkins blinked. “That…it was used to break the window, Mr. Holmes.”
“Whatever do you mean?”
I inscribed that to memory, the edge of my mouth twisting upwards. "For now, your hips."
“This trip to the countryside will be good for you, Holmes.”
“We’ve no proof of it. These insurance policies, Watson...” Holmes crossed his thin legs, elbow propped on his other arm as he grasped his chin in thought. “They’re key to this, but there are yet more pieces to unearth. It seems with every stop along the line, we discover breadcrumbs...”
“Indeed!” Coram said, too loudly. Something like a sneer quivered over his face, paired with eyes stretched far too wide. At that moment, Hopkins made his entrance, face ruddy.
“Anything interesting, Watson?”
“I saw that you hung the Order of the Legion of Honor certificate,” he said, amused. Precise fingers went up to his fringe to push back the hair from his face.
“A break-in?” Holmes asked, focus priming like a hound with a scent. “A burglary, you mean?”
We came upon a stone bridge, and at the wail of a horse in agony, I found I could still feel colder.
“Pray take a cigarette, Mr. Holmes, if you smoke.” Hardly one to turn down tobacco, my friend accepted, and I waved my hand when the same was offered to myself.
I blushed. “You would have made the same decision in a few moments, I’m sure.”
"The imperative of my work, my dear fellow, never wanes, nor should it," said Holmes. My expression must have been something to behold, for Holmes succumbed to an exceptional wince. "But I apologize regardless, for having roused you so rudely. Please, allow me to call Mrs. Hudson for tea."
“Because you
"Do not fret, my foreign friend. But forgive us if our trust in you is...tentative. We are at war in this little parish. The money we intend to recupe through your—
“Mmm, actually, it is precisely those things to which I refer. There’s something missing from this picture, Watson, and I believe we could find it, should we set ourselves to the task. Every station has a luggage room, repair room, and storage room. Take the former, Watson, and I shall search the latter two. Meet me back here by the hour.”
my dear fellow. Please. Do not strain yourself.”
“Holmes,” I said, shaking my head. “Is it too much to ask that you slept at some point?”
“There are no clues, Watson,” said he. “But then, a negative result is also a result.”
“That’s not quite what I—”
“And you were concerned
"If not the whole truth, part of it," I suggested. "So at least, he does not wait for you to come home from work when in reality, you are enjoying yourself after hours. The poor lad is wracked with guilt over your social life, Mr. Ables. He thinks you're going friendless and lonely, taking care of him."
“Let’s see, I...well...I don’t know, sir. Unusual you say?” Mr. Everett tilted his head. “We did have a break-in, not too long ago. Queer thing, but I didn't reckon it had anything to do with this situation so I didn't mention it.”
Helping the man back into his slicker, Holmes closed the door behind him and turned swiftly on a heel.
“Mr. Holmes!
I resisted the urge to sigh. Now was hardly the time.
"The same," I added.
"...Charming fellow,” Holmes said, voice rich with subdued mirth. “Very effusive.”
“There’s a chap.” Thomas swiveled on his bar stool, propping an elbow on the arm. “So what inspired you to return to the old hunting grounds, eh, Watson?”
"I was in Stockholm not two months ago," Holmes enthused, with a dandyish twist of the wrist. I buried a smile at the more flamboyant mannerisms of his character for this evening. "Positively bracing mountain air. An invigorating country, of well-invigorated people."
"Please," said Holmes. "It is not my intention to hurt—"
“It is a reasonable and practical concern,” Holmes huffed. “I’ve warned you about the dangers of places like these, Watson. I myself will not be caught unawares, not if I can help it. And it’s proving to be a most useful event to prepare for.”
I had brought it.”
“Ah, forgive me, dear sir,” he said, voice tinged with regret. “I seem to have trodden all manner of cigarette ash about your bedroom. Where does your housekeeper reside at this hour? The least I can do is ask her to clean up the mess I have so ungraciously made.”
“Watson,” I whispered. Disoriented, watery eyes met mine, and the sight of them imbalanced me.
“What the—”
I thought despairingly. “But the cab will be here any minute!”
“What does—I have worked here long enough to be- to be quite capable of managing a railway station, sir!”
Inspector Hopkins is a dedicated, newly promoted officer, and by and large, he’s one of the few lads at the Yard that Holmes considers worth his salt. He’s young and quick and eager to learn, a far cry from many of the old dogs in the force, but more to his credit the young inspector is hardworking without a shred of arrogance in him. To my endless amusement, he also finds Holmes’s intellect totally inspirational. He needs never say as much aloud; it’s all too clear in his starry-eyed manner and impressed ejaculations whenever Holmes does something expectedly brilliant. I admit, he often reminds me of myself early on in my partnership with Holmes—frequently bowled over with wonder that such a shrewd mind exists, and determined to impress the man who wields it.
The Professor shook his head. “Susan is a country girl,” he said, waving a hand. “You know the incredible stupidity of that class. I fancy that the poor fellow murmured some incoherent delirious words, and that she twisted them into some meaningless message.”
. We lived together side by side for the remainder of our days, partners in every way. And in the years that followed, we would occasionally return to the Circle for a night out. Each time, Holmes would never let me pass from his sight, and I refused to allow anyone to buy him drinks, no matter how well-meaning they were. If our nights together afterwards were in any way inflamed by challenge from outside parties, well—that was entirely our own affair.)
“Never again,” he said against my mouth, teeth grazing my bottom lip. Warmth filled my every cell, and I closed my eyes in novel rapture.
Holmes’s squadron of children had delivered their report sometime in the early morning while I slept, and we had likewise received a telegram from Johann agreeing to meet me in Holmes’s choice of location. Somehow, he had been convinced to agree with Holmes’s plan, after Holmes had confessed his identity and interest in rescuing Peter along with all he had discovered about their plight.
" he asked, voice broken. "I have not...I do not deserve it.
“Hmm?”
“Have you made inquiries at the inns and local lodgings?” Holmes asked. His grey eyes were knife-keen below the brim of his charcoal hat as he studied the garden path leading up to the gate. I could see his ears were pink in the November cold, and watched as his breath puffed in white clouds over his woven scarf. It was a private acknowledgement that I found Holmes most fair when the man was in his element, hot on the trail of the case, and on this bleak, chilly morning, alabaster pale and rosy-eared, my friend looked particularly fine.
I did not wish to hear anything close to goodbyes or worst-case scenarios. They would only distract my focus when I needed it most.
“You saved my life,” I said. I would say it over and over again until he heard it. “And you are no murderer.”
In retrospect, it was alarming how I had not previously recognized our concert sessions and trips to the country as potentially romantic escapades, when now, they could hardly be described as anything else.
that published private details of our lives for all the criminals of England to peruse at leisure!”
For so long, being at Holmes’s side has been my purpose. What did I amount to now? A crippled soldier without a war, a doctor who couldn’t even care to look after himself, a rough-shod, heart-struck writer of a greater man’s exploits, one who'd been lost in his own war against injustice.
. I wanted to say everything I hadn’t. I wanted to beg forgiveness, for not having been clever enough to save him in time. For not having
“Another deluge,” Holmes said one chilly morning, as I mustered into the sitting room with the faintest of winter twinges in my leg.
“Less than, sir.”
Holmes’s impatience slid more visibly into annoyance, and I squinted at the young master, recognizing bluster when I saw it.
“I see...I presume you intend for Gruner to believe he has won. But to what end?”
“It is unprecedented, Holmes,” I managed. “For all your intellect, I do believe that you are the most colossal fool in England.”
Watson. Space that I never conceded to another before knowing you, that I considered myself above sharing. Other people had only to that point disappointed me, and I believed myself above them, what they could offer me, independent of such piddling urges. Relationships with others, they only produced fluff to clear, cotton in the mind—obligation and expectation which distracted from my work."
“Ah.  That’s illegal, isn’t it?  Damaging human bodies goes against the word of God and whatnot.”
“Hang on,” said Sherlock.  “Stairs?”
It wasn’t that John didn’t notice the way his companion’s eyes lit up whenever John entered the room, or that it never crossed his mind that his companion was incredibly attractive.  He just… didn’t care, he told himself.  It didn’t matter.  Besides, Mary was waiting for him back at the hospital.  They weren’t married, but he’d always thought it’d be a foregone conclusion – it was the most convenient situation he could think of.
“The Seaworthy Plague started from the royal families last time.  I suspected a food was the carrier, something the poor wouldn’t get to eat – venison, pork, a rare spice – or possibly wine or a sweetmeat, and then it would have spread to the servants…”  He pressed his fingers together, lost in thought.  “…maybe those who finished the leftovers got it, or the cooking staff who tasted it.  But then how would it have spread outside the walls of the castle?  Surely no one
“What, he’s evil because he wears a black cloak and a funny hat and he
“Irene is the only one of my classmates to have ever beaten me at science,” he admitted.  “When we were young, she’d consistently score higher than I did on our tests.  When we began exercising our skills in practical settings, she was significantly better at diagnosing every illness we came across.  If anyone in this country would know how to beat the Plague…”
He didn’t deny it this time.  “These kingdoms are ridiculous,” he said through a mouthful of potatoes.  “Your royalty refuses to
“It’s… within the realm of possibility.”  He looked back at Wiggin.  “Don’t give her my rates.  But do tell her where to find me; I’ll open the doors for her.”
“Lots of good people might keep body parts around!
“Asphyxiation,” the sorcerer confirmed.  “The man was hanging for stealing a side of beef.  I picked him up earlier today to experiment on.”
Sherlock leaned forward as well, steepling his fingers, brow furrowing.  “Tempting,” he said softly.  “Very tempting.”  He sat up straight and laid one arm flat on the table.  “But how do I know you won’t use my notes to eradicate the Plague and take all the credit?”
Harry scoffed.  “You’re mad.  You can’t live with him – he’s evil.”
to you?!”
The next few weeks were pleasant.  John amused himself exploring the castle and strolling through the grounds, which seemed to be an equal mix of lovely gardens and terrifying swamps.  Some days, he’d find the sorcerer, or vice versa, and John would watch as the sorcerer performed his experiments.  Some nights, he’d hear unearthly music carrying through the halls, and be lulled to sleep.
“Take this with you, John.”
The answers were fairly constant.  The stay began comfortably - it was a large castle, after all.  Soft beds with down mattresses and plump pillows, delicious food that appeared mysteriously on the dining table every morning, strains of lovely music in the air every now and again.
“Duty calls?”
“It’s no about tha’, aye,” Wiggin protested.  “I need ter talk wit Shezza.”
you been up to all these years?” Irene asked after Mrs. Hudson arrived with the tea, leaning backwards in her chair.
“Hello?” he called, stepping around a corner into what appeared to be an indoor garden that had, if you will pardon the pun, gone to seed.  There were drooping, blackened stems everywhere, dead leaves littering the ground.  Mostly poisonous plants, he noted, with detached interest.
"And what about that one?" John asked, pointing at a wealthy-looking woman, peering about the place with an air of disdain.
Until Sarah returned.
“Ordinary people are boring.”  The sorcerer turned back to the fingerless hands on his table.
It was his brother Harry.
John clenched his jaw.  “Who says I’d be willing to do this for you?  After you’ve refused—”
“You don’t- er, you don’t
John snorted.  “Finer than
“I was skeptical at first,” Sherlock admitted.  “Where did all of Mycroft’s
“He’s overcharging you,” the sorcerer said matter-of-factly.  “Tell him I’ll have words with him if he doesn’t give you my rates.”
“S’that your name?”
The ugly-looking frog approached near to the spot where Sherlock was washing, spread its legs out on the top of the water, and, opening its mouth as if it wished to say something, stood perfectly still.
John choked back a laugh.  “It’s not nice,” he admonished.  “Ordinary people are a bit unsettled by dismembered body parts.”
The sorcerer opened his mouth to deny it, then closed it. He paused.
The next time Sherlock accidentally set part of his castle on fire, John was in the library.  Sherlock came rushing in, covered in soot, wisps of smoke curling from his clothes, flames licking at his heels.  “Run,” he yelled, and John hesitantly took a few steps, still in shock, before Sherlock grabbed him around the waist and half-carried him to the open window.  He jumped through, landed in a large hydrangea, and rolled to his feet quickly enough to arrest John’s flight.  It was a rather romantic catch, even if Sherlock did stumble and fall on his back under John’s weight.  Particularly after John shifted atop him, and Sherlock looked at him with a faint smile, eyes glazed.
"Okay," said John, "how about that one?"  He gestured with his cane at a middle-aged woman lugging a tureen of soup.
“The laws of this land are made by idiots who oppose progress,” he said.  “I’d never learn anything if I followed the letter of the law.”
“Someone’s
Most princes at this stage would stable their horse, then sneak around in search of a bedchamber, desperately hoping the sorcerer would ignore them.
The sorcerer scowled.
“You’ve kept your guest downstairs for so long,” the lady said reproachfully, “the food’s already cold.”
John sighed.
"Brilliant," said John.  Sherlock ducked his head- whether out of genuine embarrassment or as part of the role he was playing, John wasn't sure.
She was crying.
“I was born a prince,” John said easily.  “I was disinherited some time ago.  Mother was a bit… old-fashioned.”
Though it didn’t stop the villagers from asking, the answers stayed mostly consistent from year to year.  The stay always began comfortably – it was a large, luxurious castle, after all:  Soft beds with down mattresses and plump pillows, delicious food that appeared mysteriously on the dining table every morning, strains of lovely music in the air every now and again.
“First off, we’re hardly children, and secondly, didn’t you say the Plague originated with a royal family?  That’s why you wanted princes, isn’t it?  To make sure we didn’t start another wave of the Plague?”
“Eight years ago,” said John.  “Before I was disinherited.”
“I stopped after the seventh royal called me a creepy know-all and ran away and got himself lost,” the sorcerer sniffed. “It was too much trouble.”
“I don’t know how he knew,” they would cry, “but he
“Nothing that concerns you,” Sherlock said shortly.
“Princess Diane’s pet cat.  It was the first casualty, remember, and she refused to be parted from it when it became sick.  Tried to nurse it back to health.  Then she came down with it and it spread from there.”  He finally sat down, pressing his fingers together.  “Bathing, staying away from pet cats – it’s surprisingly simple as a means of prevention, but getting the nobles to agree to it…”  He shook his head.  “I’ll need a more drastic method of proof.”
Sherlock snorted.  “First things first,” he said.  “I haven’t eradicated it yet.”  He thought for a moment.  “I suppose I’d become a beekeeper,” he said at last.  “I’ve always wanted to.  I’d probably continue my scientific pursuits, but in a less focused way – more time for fun experiments instead of obsessing over this Plague.”
The next morning, John was carefully dressed in silk and satin.  The royal hairdressers brushed and trimmed his hair as best they could, cut short as it was for practicality; the beauticians primped and powdered his face.  The tailors wept at his increased weight – seven and a half pounds, they cried, now all their measurements were a fourth of an inch off – and did the best they could with the clothes they’d made.  The jewelers brought their finest wares, and King James himself chose stones that would lend the most authenticity.
Alas - wherever the game led, Sherlock was sure to follow.
“Medicine is unbelievably backwards here,” the sorcerer complained.  “Your country hasn’t even invented anesthetics.”
“So what
“Do you know her?”  John asked.
Once upon a time, there was a kindly old beekeeper who lived by a hospital.  The villages around him lived in secure tranquility.
John didn’t understand why Mrs. Hudson would often leave when he and Sherlock began discussing things.  John was perfectly happy to have the housekeeper nearby, and it always confused him when she’d say things like “time for my nightcap” when it was two hours before she went to sleep, or “I’ll leave you to it,” and wink.  It wasn’t like he was plotting anything particularly secret with Sherlock.
”  He got up and paced back and forth.
“We haven’t spoken since you disinherited me for wanting to become a physician.”  John’s face twisted bitterly.  “Am I suddenly useful again?”
“I’m attempting to rediscover a variant of it at the moment.  I don’t yet have a way of importing the ingredients, but perhaps there are substitutes endemic to this region.”  The sorcerer leaned forward, food forgotten.  “They’re in the form of a combination of herbs and roots that the patient chews for its juices – the rest of it is spat out, but-”
“Sorry,” he mumbled, staring at his feet. “I couldn’t sleep. My mind was racing. The playing – it’s cathartic; fits my mood.”
“I’m not I follow,” said John.  “Are you saying there’s someone who goes around drinking the blood of royal-” then it hit him.  “
Sherlock looked down at him, surprised.  “Oh, no,” he said.  “Don’t be like that, John.  I didn’t mean – you are
Sherlock put a finger to his painted lips delicately.  "Works at the stall over there... No soup stains on her shirt; she's been doing this for a while - the stains that do exist are on the sides of her skirt, made by the fingers of shorter children.  Cheap quality of clothing, torn in places, so her family's living in poverty, but her limbs show a healthy vitality that only exists in the well-fed.  From the state of the monarchy in this country and the lack of opportunity for social advancement it should be safe to assume that her husband hunts illegally."  He looked at John expectantly.
“Rise,” said the Queen.  John got uncomfortably to his feet.
“We haven’t spoken since you disinherited me for wanting to become a physician.”  His face twisted bitterly.  “Am I suddenly useful again?”
“Who?”
“That’s
“Not the ordinary people, no,” Irene said loftily.  “You have to find the right listener.  But you’re right on one count.”  She sipped at her tea delicately, smiling.  “I’m not here to blackmail you.”  Her look turned innocent, guileless.  “I’m here to compare notes.”
Sherlock frowned, leaning his elbows on his knees and pressing his fingers together in front of his lips.  “Describe her.”
“As much as I can carry on my person, you said?”
“For the first few years,” the sorcerer admitted.  “After that… well.  It was rather funny.”
The sorcerer’s eyes were two chips of obsidian, cold and merciless, and they saw straight into the heart of any man or woman.  Any soul who stood before him could only watch helplessly as he read their deepest, darkest secrets off their faces and smiled with a knowing that was not of this earth.
“Condolences.”
“Oh, bloody hell,” he said.  He practically jumped onto his horse, galloping toward the castle as if wild dogs were nipping at his heels.
The staring match was quickly interrupted by the arrival of Mrs. Hudson.
“You hold the Plague in check,” John corrected, “and require only companionship for reimbursement.  Personally, I’d ask for payment.”
“Put this on,” John’s friend said, tossing him a hat and a fake mustache.  John caught it instinctively.
The sorcerer looked astonished.  “You don’t… mind?”
John nodded.  “Fair enough.”
“She’s from my homeland,” he explained.  “Came here a few years ago, aboard another ship.  Wiggin told me – apparently she tried to squeeze him for my rates after hearing that I had a certain amount of influence.  Allegedly my country has managed to find a cure for what we considered terminal patients.  I’m” – he squeezed his eyes shut, as if the thought caused him physical pain – “I’m asking her for advice,” he finished.
unless I threaten them.  Bathing
“Who do you go to?  Don’t play dumb; I know you have a provider.”
“That’s
“You hold the Plague in check,” John corrected, “and require only companionship for reimbursement.  Personally, I’d ask for payment.”
Every year, the sorcerer would demand that a prince or princess be sent to stay with him for twelve months.  Or longer, if the poor soul wished.  Of course, the poor soul never wished, and the sorcerer slowly rotated through the five royal families over the years.
“No, it’s perfectly fine,” said John. “A racket like that right outside my door at three in the morning couldn’t possibly have woken me.”
“Wouldn’t that mean the people still under quarantine would die, though?  If there’s a way to save them, shouldn’t you be, you know, saving them?”
Sherlock sighed.  “As always, John, you see; you do not
“Come, come, come,” croaked Mike, spreading out its legs and swimming on the water.
body.  It’s-”
The sun set long before the two finished wandering through the city.
“Go on back to your family, if you’d like,” he said, without preamble.  “Just… come back before the end of the year.  I’d rather see you one last time before you go.”
,” he said.  “
She didn’t even flinch when they closed behind her, John noted.  Even he hadn’t managed to suppress that reflex.
“Irene,” said Sherlock, gliding into the entryway, still in shirtsleeves.  “Long time no see.”
“We’ve already turned the place into a clinic,” she said, “where people have to rely on what stock treatments we have left that you’ve already made.  We’ve lost most of our customers – they loved you, you know, but you’ve been gone for a year; you can’t expect them to hold on.”
get him?  They’d
“You are not a prince.”
The eyes, sharp as a sword tip, focused on him again.  “You’re a medical man, aren’t you?”
“I don’t know why she’s here,” Sherlock said in a rush.  “I don’t know when she came over, or what she knows, or what she’s trying to do.  Last I knew of her she was still in my homeland, gloating over having beaten me on our last exam.  She’s the only one to ever beat me – she might be smarter than me, she’s certainly smarter than you, and equally certainly up to nothing good for either of us.”
designs-”
Every year, the sorcerer would demand that a prince or princess be sent to stay with him for twelve months.  Or longer, if the poor soul wished.
didn’t it?” she said.  “I finished it-”
“No one’s forcing you to go back, Hal.  Who knows?  Maybe I’ll be able to set up shop in his castle.  Then I wouldn’t need to leave, and none of you would ever need to return.”
“We’ll go to my house!” Mike said, hopping forward.  “Come, come!  I will go before you.”
“Hang on,” John protested.  “Are you implying- are you saying-”
The sorcerer smiled, and John reflected that the uncannily knowing gaze seemed to have lost its sharp edges. Or, rather, it had turned into something comforting – he still felt exposed every time the sorcerer looked at him, stripped bare down to his very soul, but upon seeing naked truths about John and his life, the sorcerer expressed only approval, and sometimes support.
“Who’re you writing to?”
“It’s alright,” he said.  “Only, next time, would you mind staying downstairs when you play?”
“Well, I promise not to run away…”
John wasn’t most princes.
“He’s overcharging you,” the sorcerer said matter-of-factly.  “Tell him I’ll have words with him if he doesn’t give you my rates.”
“Well, I promise not to run away…”
John choked back a laugh.  “It’s not nice,” he admonished.  “Ordinary people are a bit unsettled by dismembered body parts.”
“I’ve already force-fed him my successful cure,” she said.  “He was a complete idiot – infected himself with the Plague and tried a hundred ways to cure it before finally caving and asking me for help.  We barely got it in time.  He didn’t think I’d finish, told me to leave it on his drawer.  He’ll come to in a couple of hours.  In the meantime, you’d better take him to the hospital.”
“Clever boy.”
“No,” said Sherlock, finally.  “I’m not.”
Catherine’s back stiffened, and Michael flinched.
The sorcerer’s discerning gaze passed over John from head to toe.  He nodded slowly.  “I suppose that is… acceptable,” he said.  “When did you get back from the War on Infidels?”
John stayed with the hospital for a week, helping his nurses tend to the sick, bringing a few new techniques he’d learned from Sherlock.  Slowly, the customers trickled back in, after countless reassurances that he’d be back more often the next year.  Mary was constant and competent as ever by his side.  He imagined a future by her side forever, and felt dissatisfied, for some reason – Mary’s eyes weren’t as discerning, nor her fingers as long and slender, nor…
.  There may be deaths, but those deaths are outweighed by the number of lives saved by pursuing prevention instead of-”
Outside, in the hallway, a bizarre sight greeted him. The sorcerer was leaping about in the corridor, turning in circles, a fiddle under his chin as he sawed away at it as though the instrument had done him a personal injustice. The fiddle screamed under the torture, like a thousand dying cats.
At the end of the year the villagers living nearest the black castle would gather around to watch as the prince or princess ran out of the black double-doors, fleeing as if wild dogs were nipping at their heels.  The kinder villagers waited with blankets and mugs of hot cocoa.  The less kind waited with dozens of questions.  "What was it like?"  "Did you catch a glimpse of his spellbooks?"  "What was he like?"  "What did he
“Very good, very good!” croaked the frog.
John scowled.  “Fine.”
The two made their way to the edge of the marketplace and sat down on a bench.
“Oh, bloody hell,” John said softly, and followed him downstairs.
” the sorcerer said impatiently.  “It stops a patient’s pain for around two hours, and then you can operate on them.  It’s better than hiring clods to hold them down while they scream their heads off when you cut them open.”
“So this girl wants tae buy two corpses offa me,” Wiggin said in a rush as soon as they were all seated, “n I sed ‘two ‘undred please’ n she went like that tae me ‘am wit Sherlock’ n ad never seen her before so I told her to wait please and came to ask yer – she wit you?”
“I- of course I bloody well
The guards backed away slowly.  John rode through the gates, dismounted, and walked through the doors alone.
“You’re too late,” said a voice.  John whirled around.
brims.  The terrified royal would whisper that it was a sign of the sorcerer's two-faced, changeling personality - some even guessed that the man had literally two faces, the better to watch them all with, or perhaps because of an experiment gone wrong.
“She’s not a
Once, the sorcerer asked John’s assistance with an unusual experiment.
The sorcerer raised an eyebrow.  “It’s because I want to remind the monarchs of my tyrannical grip on what they hold dear,” he deadpanned.
The food would appear more irregularly then.  Occasionally, the royal, wandering the castle, would find body parts, still dripping with blood, in places where they shattered the illusion of normalcy - thumbs on the windowsills of sitting rooms, livers in the stables, toes in the kitchen, and once, one horrified princess reported, a human heart in the unlit fireplace.   The music turned sour and discordant, sometimes sounding in the dead of night, or at the crack of dawn.
“It was a bit of a joke when I first coined it,” the sorcerer explained.  “The Plague originated in my homeland, across the sea.  I was immune.  My biological parents passed away when I was fourteen, but not before sending me on a ship with a few others.  One of them-” he blinked, throat working.  “One of them brought it with her unknowingly.  She died.  The disease spread.  The man who took me in, Lord Holmes – he- he treated me as a son.  His other son Mycroft taught me how to make deductions.  We’d make a game out of it, figuring out who passerby were and where they were going.”  He paused again.  “I tried my hardest to save them.  I didn’t realize how strong it was.”
“I’ll get him,” John promised, and went downstairs, to where the sorcerer was whipping a corpse.
Sherlock sighed.  “Yes, John,” he said.  “I understand.”
Supper was laid out by the time they came upstairs, an elderly lady removing dishes one by one from the table.
So... uh... I know it's been ridiculously long, but I CAN EXPLAIN!
The sorcerer’s discerning glance passed over John from head to toe.  He nodded slowly.  “I suppose that is… acceptable,” he said.  "When did you get back from the War on Infidels?"
“Yes, yes,” said Sherlock impatiently.  “You’ve snatched me from the jaws of death and now I’m fine.  It’s too much to hope that this would be the point in the narrative where you come to your senses and kiss me, so why don’t we get back to healing the rest of the invalids?”  His expression was firm, brooking no argument.
“Sherlock,” she scolded.  “You didn’t tell me you had a visitor.  Where are your manners?  Invite her in!”
“Pleasure to meet you, dear.” Mrs. Hudson smiled.
“What about…” – Michael hesitated before whispering the word, a name that caused his mother anger every time she heard it – “…
"Yes,” the Queen said, after a long pause.  “He may still count as a prince.”
The sorcerer simply smiled enigmatically.  “Can I interest you in supper?”
“No, it’s understandable,” said the sorcerer.  “Wicked sorcerers don’t usually have things as mundane as names.”
The Queen waved him toward the treasure chest.  John had asked Sherlock to lend him a large bag he could keep under his shirt.  When Sherlock found out the reason, he had done even better and built John a mechanical apparatus he could wear on his person, that would hold the bag steady and help him carry up to half his weight in gold.  He’d also provided John with a cane to lean on as he staggered out with half the treasury on his back.
“Stop trying to
“Are you mating?” said Sherlock aloud.  “Is this some sort of courtship ritual?”
“In the meantime,” John finished for him, “you’ll continue dropping heavy things on corpses to see how long it takes their ribs to crack.”
The food would appear more irregularly after that.  Occasionally, the royal, wandering the castle, would find body parts, still dripping with blood, in places where they shattered the illusion of normalcy – thumbs on the windowsills of sitting rooms, livers in the stables, toes in the kitchen, and once, one horrified princess reported, a human heart in the unlit fireplace.  The music turned sour and discordant, sometimes sounding in the dead of night, or at the crack of dawn.
“It’s alright,” he mumbled.
“Right, that sounds like a horrible idea, making sure the royals haven’t been infected again.”
This, of course, did not seem to deter Sherlock from continuing to follow the frog.  But Sherlock was not nearly so rational as he would have liked to believe.  The game was afoot, and Sherlock could no more stop himself from chasing after it than a frog could prevent its tongue from flashing out and trapping a juicy bug.  Besides, he knew that if he turned back and went home, his curiosity would eat him alive.  A talking frog was a strange phenomenon that hadn’t appeared in any of the scientific texts he’d paid a thief to steal from the castle, and he couldn’t pass up a chance to understand more about it.
“That would explain the lack of any running or screaming.  Been practicing long?”
“He forces us to live with him as payment for saving us from the Plague!”
“No, it’s understandable,” said the sorcerer.  “Wicked sorcerers don’t usually have things as mundane as names.”
“John.”
“Really?” Sherlock said coolly.  “I seem to recall said alliances bursting into flames after we quarreled and went our separate ways.”
John sighed.  It was said that the sorcerer could tell when one was lying.  “Wiggin.”
“Put this on,” John’s friend said, tossing him a hat and a fake mustache. John caught it instinctively.
“I hold kingdoms hostage with the threat of the most dangerous plague known to man.  Hardly a sign of goodness.”
It was silly of him, he reflected, talking to the frog as though it could understand him.  But the frog turned to him, with large, intelligent eyes, and the wide-lipped mouth still gaping open in its silly face.
“Oh,” said the sorcerer.  “It’s you.”  He carefully lay down the whip.  “Mrs. Hudson must have been truly desperate to recruit you in her futile endeavor.”  But he followed John upstairs, so John supposed it wasn’t entirely futile.
"What about..."-- Michelle hesitated before whispering the word, a name that caused her mother anger every time she heard it -- "...
Normally, this was the part of the narrative where the prince or princess told their savior “Thank you” with a hint of “I love you”.
The sorcerer smiled, and John reflected that the uncannily knowing gaze seemed to have lost its sharp edges.  Or, rather, it had turned into something comforting – he still felt exposed every time the sorcerer looked at him, stripped bare down to his very soul, but upon seeing naked truths about John and his life, the sorcerer expressed only approval, and sometimes support.
By the door was a beautiful woman with the same complexion as Sherlock.  She held an empty vial.
“It was a bit of a joke when I first coined it,” the sorcerer explained.  “The Plague originated in my homeland, across the sea.  I was immune.  My biological parents passed away when I was fourteen, but not before sending me on a ship with a few others.  One of them-” he blinked, throat working.  “One of them brought it with her unknowingly.  She died.  The disease spread.  The man who took me in, Lord Holmes – he- he treated me as a son.  His other son Mycroft taught me how to make deductions.  We’d make a game out of it, figuring out who passerby were and where they were going.”  He paused again.  “I tried my hardest to save them.  I didn’t realize how strong it was.”
John couldn't help but notice Sherlock's subtle preening under his praise - perhaps few people in his life had ever complimented him on his deductions before.
That was… oddly touching.  And sad.
The sorcerer raised an eyebrow.  “It’s because I want to remind the monarchs of my tyrannical grip on what they hold dear,” he deadpanned.
“What do you need me for?”
A pause, then the penny dropped.
“What could a great fat frog like this want here,” said Sherlock to himself, “and why is it doing that with its mouth?  Is it hungry?”
“Sherlock!”  Mrs. Hudson scolded.
“Doubtful.”
As soon as Sarah set down her bags, she rushed over to where Mary stood, waiting.   They passionately embraced, lips meeting.
The sorcerer scowled.  “I haven’t
, John thought.  That was what the feeling was.
“I- of course I bloody well
“There’s the genius of it,” said Sherlock, eyes gleaming.  “It jumps from infected to healthy with ease, and few can spot it before it’s too late.  Sometimes I almost imagine it to possess its own intelligence.”
“Why, Sherlock!”  Irene said.  She seemed ready to deny even considering such a thing, but something in Sherlock’s expression must have stopped her.  “It’s like you said – who’d believe me?  A peasant girl, coming up with the final cure before the powerful sorcerer who stopped the Plague the first time around?  What a story!”
“Oh,” said the sorcerer.  “This is… Harry, Michelle, and then the chart wouldn’t have shown your name after eight years ago, so something from earlier… Jack?”
The sorcerer looked surprisingly grave.  “if I could beat the Plague, if I could free society of it, I’d feel that my life had reached its summit, and be prepared to turn to some more placid line in life.  But never have I been so hard-pressed by an opponent.” The sorcerer’s expression grew dark.  “The root of this Plague eludes my best efforts.”
she, to barge into their lives and claim to be an indispensable ally to Sherlock?
“Fleas,” said Sherlock triumphantly.
Fortunately, the fire didn’t spread too far, and the two soon returned to their quarters, Sherlock sulkily nursing his bruise.
“Of course.  The Sorcerer.”
"Watch your tongue, youngster," said John.  Sherlock face made an extremely peculiar expression.
Fortunately, the fire didn’t spread too far, and the two soon returned to their quarters, Sherlock sulkily nursing his bruise.
“One thing,” said John.  “Why would I want to end the sorcerer’s reign?”
“Sorry,” he mumbled, staring at his feet.  “I couldn’t sleep.  My mind was racing.  The playing – it’s cathartic; fits my mood.”
He looked like an ordinary man without the black collared cape, a bit tall and thin, perhaps; darker-skinned, a foreigner, but not a Moor.  His cheekbones were stark in the torchlight, his hair having the distinct shape of hair that has been flattened under a cap for too long.  The only unusual thing about him was his eyes – small, black, intelligent eyes, flickering over John in a way that made him feel small, as if under the scrutiny of a crowd of a thousand, like he was waiting to perform at his father’s tournaments again.  He straightened his back, for what it was worth, and planted his feet apart, meeting those analytical eyes squarely.
Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson chided.  “Do sit down and finish your dinner.  You’ve been working long enough.”
I sighed heavily. There would be no talking him out of avoiding a possible crime scene, and however much anxiety it stirred within me, I knew well that Holmes’s disguises and impersonations often outshone the stage. “Very well,” I said. “But I must go as myself. It is possible you will be recognized merely for our association.”
Instantly, his attention flew to me, awareness springing into his weary eyes. “You?”
, I assumed. Close enough. The boy smiled briefly, as though proud to remember, and I couldn’t help feeling impressed with his elocution and good memory, considering his age. “It’s a good job. Peter says it’s a lot safer than the other ‘uns closer to where we live.”
Johann bowed his head, and tipped his hat to me. "Thank you for watching my back, Doctor," he said. "I'll have a new hat sent to you in the mail." I laughed and agreed.
"Moments ago I made you think I was a heartless boor," he whispered. "Worse, that I barely cared for you at all. Because I was afraid of being hurt by your leaving, I acted like a child and I used my skills to pretend you mean nothing to me. How can you still speak to me this way after that?"
Alarmed, I drew quickly to the man’s side, already reaching for the pulse in the man’s wrist before I was overwhelmed by a powerful stench.
Marching forward, I took Holmes by the jaw and planted a prompt kiss on his mouth. "You will save Peter Ables and come home safe to me," I said, and my tone left no room for argument.
"Johann—!"
“She is there,” said Holmes, and he pointed to a high bookcase in the corner of the room.
Remarkable. I daresay I now see the appeal. It is regrettable I did not know the effect of such compliments on you sooner. We might have arrived to this conversation much earlier, and without as much fumbling on my part.”
“Oh, many,” said Holmes, and for the first he appeared optimistic about our holiday plans. “I should be pleased to hear his point of view on colony growth in the region and the effect of local mining on larvae development.”
“Holmes—”
“Wilson!” he cried, dashing to the constable that lay bleeding upon the dirt.
Peter gaped. "Friendless and—my goodness." His features creased in regret. "I had no idea. I...will see what I can do." He exchanged glances with Johann. "I'm not lonely. The farthest thing from it. And I...I know he would like you, given the opportunity." Peter swallowed visibly. "Come home with me? To meet him?"
I met his gaze, swallowing hard, and prayed that the sudden concern I found within it would not soon be replaced with hostility. I knew my place in Holmes’s affection was an outlier. This secret could prove to be the hammer on the coffin nail of our partnership, the impetus to send me from his side permanently.
My stomach dropped in dismay. He’d written to us for ask for help, and it had come too late.
I could not bear to part like this. Not after so many years, not with what he meant to me even now.
, an African cat, distinct enough to cut through even the staunchest tobacco smoke—a distinct and exceptional
“I am a mere academic, Mr. Holmes,” Coram said, waving his hand once more. “A man of dreams. I cannot explain the practical things of life. But love-gages, tokens, they can take strange shapes. A fan, a glove, glasses…who knows what article may be carried or treasured close when a man puts an end to his life? Inspector, you spoke of footsteps in the grass by the path here, but it is so easy to be mistaken. Such footsteps could easily have been Mortimer, managing our flower path earlier in the day. As to the knife, the lad had full access to my study…it might well have been thrown far from the unfortunate man as he fell after striking himself. I might have no knowledge of such things as crime and cruel twists of destiny, but to me it seems—however tragic it may be—that young Willoughby met his fate by his own hand last night.”
Johann snarled. "You promised his safe return if I agreed to your terms!"
“Curious,” I heard Holmes say, through the drumming of my pulse in my ears. I watched him, ice spreading through my veins, as he trailed across the carpet to take the object from Fred’s hands. Grey eyes inspected it with an interest that filled me with a terrible, paralyzing dread.
I saw the metal of Hopkins’s revolver poking from the side of his belt. I lunged. Coram's face twisted in hatred, seeing my goal and attempting to beat me to it. I knocked his arm aside with one hand and the other darted forward, fingers sliding around the pistol grip.
“I’m getting there, my dear fellow. Recall the layout of the manor.”
We returned to the kitchen, where Mrs. Marker was shaking with silent tears, and shared our findings with the inspector.
There was a clatter and a bang as his bedroom door swung open. “What is it, Watson?” said Holmes, charging in, and privately I felt a petty sort of relief that even when he could not abide my presence, he would still come running when I called.
“Shared interests is a good deal of it,” I say, bending down. “The rest is well within order.” To make the point, I kiss him lightly. Carefully, I press him backwards, guiding him supine against my bed sheets, and then make another. “I love you.”
“He is waiting for you eagerly at home,” Holmes said, eyes flickering to mine as I winced under a gentle press of wet terrycloth to my naked shoulder.
“I take it I’m to inquire about this fine town’s lodgings, then?” I asked fondly, and his eyes glimmered with a delight that reflected affection into my own chest.
“The final piece only just now fell into place,” Holmes said. I looked up from the floor and found myself staring at the Professor. More specifically, at his blanketed legs, and the shoes that poked out at the hem, and the dusting of cigarette ash on his loafers.
Holmes.
“Mycroft,” Holmes replied. “What a...charming surprise.”
“Wine bottles,” Holmes hummed. His brow wrinkled, before his eyes flew open and flared like gaslamps. “Show me.”
“Positive reinforcement,” he echoed. “I thought I was already quite vocal about your many virtues, Watson. You are most certainly outspoken about mine. Is romance reinforced by redundancy, or merely praising that which is obvious?”
“One would think my relation would be permission enough.”
I thought, dazed.
“There’s next to nothing of value about Mr. Ables’s new lover. Nothing that could point to his identity, or his appearance, or even his personality.”
Holmes scrunched his nose, possibly unconsciously. “Do you refer to those pet-names couples award each other?” His mouth twisted in reluctance. “I suppose if you required me…”
Holmes’s grunt of assent was quieter and distracted enough to draw me from my own last-minute packing on my desk. Snapping my medical bag shut, I migrated towards Holmes’s room. Half-expecting to find the man with a blanket-rope fastened to the bedpost and one leg out the window, I blinked in surprise at the sight of him squatting behind what appeared to be the largest French-door trunk I had ever seen.
“We will both be going to hospital, but he needs more urgent care.” I finally tore my gaze from Holmes’s face to look at the constable standing beside me, frowning down at the unconscious men lying around us. “Constable. Alert Inspector Lestrade. Tell them that Sherlock Holmes has been attacked, and that I know who is responsible.”
I sighed heavily, conceding the point. I could recall all too well Holmes’s morose coastline wanderings during the case of the Devil’s Foot; I had no desire to see him in such a depressed state any time soon. “Very well.”
I nodded. "Yes, we will," I said pointedly.
hmu @apprenticeofdoyle or comment down below if you like the story so far!
“Our first witness, the maid Susan Tarlton, is the only person who can say anything positive about the matter. She reports that the act occurred late in the evening, near midnight. She was engaged until half past eleven, preparing for bed in her room upstairs. The Professor had long since turned in, as he frequently sleeps away the chronic pain spurred by poor weather, and the house, as she claims, was empty at the time, save for the victim. Willoughby Smith had been in his guest room—which doubled as his study in the day—when last she saw him. The maid heard him in his room on her way to her own quarters that night during her last circle of duty, while ensuring the windows and doors to be locked. She did not lay eyes upon him directly, and claims she could be mistaken in her identification of his quick, firm tread behind his door. Not a few minutes after settling into bed, she heard a dreadful cry echo up from Mr. Smith’s room below her. She described the scream as dreadful, but so hoarse and strange it could not be distinguished from that of a man or a woman. She states it petrified her, and that she waited a minute or so in bed, uncertain if she had not in fact imagined the sound in the din from the storm outside. However, before she made a decision, she heard a terrible crash that shook the whole house—the sound of shattering glass."
. I could not breathe. How could I, when he had taken the last of my life with him?
Holmes tensed in his chair, face going still and seamless like an unbroken sea.
“No,” he said, through his teeth. My certain, collected friend trembled before me, vibrating steel. “It was my failure, Watson, and you will damn well let me own it. I cannot tolerate your forgiveness, your nobility, not when you don’t realize what—” His voice snapped, like a broken leather cord, and he swallowed. I watched, drowning in concern, hand aching for his. I had never, in all our years, seen him so distraught.
Holmes looked at me, eyebrows tented upwards. “I do not know where to begin,” he said. “I have…I have never placed myself in a position to know. I do not even know the sensation of a kiss, beyond descriptions in literature.”
Fred looked up, his eyes shining with admiration, and nodded. He released Holmes’s leg and scuttled back to Wiggins’s side, who was watching with a rather smug look on his face. Holmes quirked an eyebrow, and Wiggins gave another, jauntier salute.
I was guided to my study with careful hands. I avoided the sight of Johann and Peter, locked in passionate embrace, as Holmes tenderly helped me out of my ruined jacket and prepared a bowl of water and clean bandages.
Holmes sighed, his dark brow furrowed. “It is as I said before, Watson. Insofar that I desire you to be at my side and no one else’s, I am unsure what that truly entails.” He spoke honestly, unaware of how his words struck me like a loose bullet. “
"Even believing I could not possibly reciprocate your feelings?"
“I am beginning to believe you have no confidence in my abilities at all after today, my dear fellow.”
his eyes told me.
“Smith...wasn’t killed for what lay in his drawer?” I ventured, hesitant. “But the scrapes...”
Holmes’s chin jerked upwards in shock, eyes stretched wide. “Watson?”
In the next moment, as Holmes stepped back alongside Hopkins, my prayers were answered.
I waved my hand, clearing away the apology if not the sentiment. “Come, tea, fresh and hot,” I pressed, and the frown that had been carved into his mouth faded some at my tone. I offered him a smile as he sat down across from me, crossing a leg over another, and I began to pour. I would have traditional English breakfast, but Holmes preferred Earl Grey’s Mixture.
"Because of—because of what I confided in you this morning?" I said, voice faint with disbelief. "Because of the case?"
“You’re incorrigible,” I said, laughing. Beside me, Holmes’s mouth was twisted with amusement. “Why do they continue to allow you in here?”
My eyes tripped on a sliver of white. I blinked tired tears out of my eyes, clenching my jaw through discomfort to straighten up and wipe my face. Squinting in the dark at the grate, my eyes narrowed on the white that caught my attention. I frowned and mindlessly reached for a poker. Digging into the cold, week-old ash, I encouraged the white scrap onto the floor in streaks of ash that Mrs. Hudson would scowl over. I bent again, wincing, and retrieved the scrap, lifting it to my face.
” I said, voice somewhat tight. “Do not take this the wrong way, but I think it’s best we remain at the bar and wait for Thomas to do his rounds.”
Stony eyes glimmered in the firelight. “We are going to send a telegram to Johann tomorrow, Watson. We are going to tell him to accept the Threadcaps’ deal.”
“Ahh,” I said. “The perfume.”
“Good God, Holmes,” I whispered, eyes stinging.
“Watson!” I heard, and Holmes was on his feet. He marched over to me, eyes wide and fixed on the fearsome stain beneath my handkerchief-wrapped hand. “Good lord, what has become of you?”
"Yes, thank you, Holmes," I said tiredly, and released a sigh that issued from some realm deep within myself. I rubbed my eyes and found myself migrating to my study, habit carrying me through bleariness. "Have you made any progress then, other than the creation of a most effective neighborhood alarm clock?"
"Collateral—good lord, you mean to say he is a hostage? But for who? Why? Who could possibly be responsible?"
“Thank God you’re alright, Watson,” he whispered.
“Oh, no, I'm quite—” I was not inclined to indulge in both whisky
“Breathe,” I choked. His beloved face was blurred in my vision, his Adonis features smeared and colorless. “You will not leave me, Watson.” My voice eroded, sand beneath waves that took my hope with them.
“That is a relief,” I agreed, smiling fondly despite myself.
"R-Right away!”
“Good night.”
“Police! Police business!” I rushed at him like a madman, unrecognizable shouts tearing from my throat.
I thought. Permeated to my bones with happiness, I found I no longer possessed the faculty to express it, and wordlessly I took his hand and pressed his knuckles to my lips.
Entering the club had been as easy as a hello to the doorman and a cool introduction of my good friend, “William Vernet”. (I was lucky Holmes had chosen so easy an alias to remember.) Holmes said barely a thing, smiling with full charm as his name was added to the ledger and a circlet was given to him to wear, and just like that, we were ushered inside.
exclusive contracts for its rights of ownership and production.” A cab slowed to a halt before us. “Four exclusive contracts, with four different businesses—and all, of course, paid in advance.”
Holmes’s mouth twitched, perhaps in amusement at the boy’s exuberance, or perhaps in mild panic at the idea of a child tugging at our heels for an entire investigation. “You would aid us best, Mr. Ables, by remaining safe at home and waiting to see if your brother returns. If something is indeed afoot and your brother is caught in the web of something dangerous, it is far better for you to remain out of harm’s way.” When the young boy looked unconvinced, Holmes lifted a considering eyebrow. “But I shall give you a task, hmm?” The boy nodded, so enthusiastically I feared his head would dislodge from his neck.
Swallowing, the boy nodded, and I gestured to the couch.
"Well, when you ask me like that," I said, and leaned forward. "Shall I...add some animation?"
Fred nodded vigorously. “He looks after me, he—” He stumbled over his words, eyes going wide like a doe’s. “Mr. ‘Olmes, how—how’d you guess he was my older brother?”
His words were like a knife to my abdomen. "If I had feelings for you?" I asked, hollow.
Holmes was on his feet, sweeping about for his coat, hat, and walking-stick. “I’ll not have you complaining of fatigue this evening, I require you at your most energized! This case could prove dangerous, and I’ll have you in no other state. You can be so terribly cantankerous, when underfed and ill-rested.”
“...I do not like the idea of you going alone, Holmes,” I said, grim-faced. In sentiment, my words were an understatement.
I had been unable to sleep the night before. The interaction between Holmes and myself played over and over again in my mind without fail, painting itself on my closed eyelids. I could not forget how rattled my friend had been. The guilt in his eyes, the regret in his slumped shoulders haunted me. His parting words dogged me most of all, twisting my stomach into a Gordian knot.
“My lord,” I breathed, horrified. Though our situations were not the same, I briefly imagined a world in which Holmes had been taken to ensure my compliance in something terrible. Dread and certainty filled my stomach like hard iron. I feared there was little I could not be brought to do, with Holmes’s life on the line. “What do we do?”
“So losing the prototype, it could cost him everything! But Holmes—what if one of these companies became aware of what Robinson was doing?”
“I thought you enjoyed my figure,” Holmes said dryly.
“You were a passenger on the train last night? The train to London?” I asked, surprised. Holmes, naturally, did not seem to share my shock.
Spinning on a bar stool, a familiar face had turned my way, mouth split into a wicked grin. I found my eyes already rolling good-naturedly at the very sight of an old friend.
“Mr. Holmes, Dr. Watson, this is Ms. Tarlton, the maid.”
“They would not convict me,” Holmes huffs, dismissive, and I roll my eyes.
“Give ‘im the details, Freddie, don’t waste Mr. ‘Olmes’s time,” Wiggy chided, and the boy clutched his teacup and nodded his head.
"It's the Yard!" he cried, and every gang man went white as a sheet. "I just heard, they're raiding every quarter from here to the Strand! I saw them on Nile Street—"
"I assure you that I am, to most," clipped Holmes. "To all but my brother in some occasions...and in others, it seems, to you. But that is not the point. You
“What can you tell me about the Barcazas company?” Holmes pressed.
“That will be Wiggins. I signaled for him when we stepped out of the cab.” Holmes looked acutely regretful. “I must give him his instructions.”
“Ah. William,” I managed, as my eyes threatened to fall out of my skull. His touch was like fire, burning me through my suit jacket. “This is Mr. Quincey Mulberry—”
“I can hardly believe it happened even now,” the station master said, shaking his head. “All those poor souls aboard...whatever could have happened to them?” He sighed heavily, clearly haunted by the mystery. “I’m very grateful the two of you decided to stay to investigate.” His eyes, webbed in the corners with age, briefly sparked with hope. “If anyone could get to the bottom of this, it’d be the great Sherlock Holmes, hmm?”
“Holmes? What does it say?”
“You know how I require the consultation of my archives for research, it is only rational I should like to take a few, prescient articles.” I crossed my arms, and looking up at my visible disapproval, Holmes’s expression shifted. He straightened from his perch on the floor, a lean tower rising to meet my eyes. “However...As agreed, I will do my utmost to recuperate under your watchful gaze. I admit that this last case has left me...wearier than most.”
“My condolences,” Holmes said, and I thought even for him, the sympathy in his voice was withered. He turned to me. “Watson, I believe we must be off to the next station.”
"Flirtatious?" I finished, stunned. Holmes paled, and his silence was my answer. "I...I don't understand."
“If someone went to all the trouble of creating this fake train, then it was surely with the intention of stealing the real one! Or more specifically, what stealing what was on it.” I clacked my cane on the turnstile with victory. “It must be the prototype they were after, Holmes, there is no other explanation!”
To my relief, my physician was easily swayed to release me on my own recognizance into Holmes’s care the following morning. I doubt I could have been convinced to remain in the damn place even one more night—it is true that doctors make the worst patients on this earth—but it would have done me no discernible good to sleep off bruises and strained muscles in a hospital rather than the comfort of my own home.
“And Peter?”
Holmes’s blush faded as his face twisted dourly. “It is a side effect of my affliction for you that I care little to hear of your previous entanglements, Watson. That
“Drinks, gentlemen?” Johann asked, crossing his sturdy, muscular arms, and I shook my head.
"Why, I believe it was easier for Mr. Smith to work. His room was directly next to the Professor's study, where the Professor keeps his journals and notes which were his job to transcribe."
Holmes, in a rare display of vivid boyishness, rolled his eyes. “We shall see, brother. But for now you will have to see us off, or Watson will be forced to take drastic measures.”
Eventually, Johann and Peter broke apart to breathe, and they turned to us with matching pairs of tearful eyes.
“Stop right there, Doctor Watson,” Professor Coram said, voice as sharp as a dagger. His gaze moved to my friend and the Inspector, who had turned to statues in shock.
"I do not
"Yes, sir."
Altogether, he looked like a rich dandy about to set out on the town, and a terribly dashing one at that. I felt at once hideously underdressed and strangely unsettled. I had known Holmes was handsome from the moment I met him, but the meaning, the unspoken language in his clothing—and the darkness surrounding his eyes, making them shine like steel in the low apartment light—seemed to rattle me to my bones. Feeling as if my tongue were inflated, I struggled for words.
The master’s brow furrowed, his bleary eyes blinking slowly in thought. “Nooo. No, I don’t believe so. But then, I didn’t exactly leave my office, so it’s...possible, s’pose.”
“Do sit down, Watson. I have already sent Mrs. Hudson for tea."
it said. And at the bottom, in an illustrious curling print, initials.
“I am aware of the difference when you are genuinely unobservant or merely playing at blindness, Watson." For a moment I waited beneath the weight of his eyes, watching his presence in the moment flicker like the light of a weak candle as his mind spirited in directions unseen. Finally, his mouth twitched in a facsimile of a smile, his attention returning fully to myself and the room around us.
“Bastard
"Ahh," I said delicately. "Well—"
And so he proceeded to do so, for the remainder of our lives.
and was kind enough to share it with me…We found it very exciting, especially the part where—”
I stared at him. "If you could?" I echoed.
"...I know," I sigh. "I
Holmes scowls briefly, but then his expression shifts in sudden thought.
Holmes pressed his lips together. Experimentally, he lifted his own hands and gingerly placed them at my own waist. Chuckling once more, I trailed my fingertips feather-light down Holmes's arms to lay hands over his, guiding them more firmly to my hipbones. Then, unable to resist, I returned my hands to the slim column of Holmes's waist, and with breath catching in my lungs, slowly eliminated the inches between us.
"Another mugging in Kent and mere politics this morning, nothing worth noting."
Slowly, Coram moved to his feet. He did so effortlessly, without any sign of injury, the blanket wrapped around his legs falling to the floor. Hopkins gaped, stunned, but Holmes and I watched in silence, tense but unsurprised at the revelation. Holmes had suspected it, and I had seen the truth of it on the floor: in the ashes Holmes had left across the bedroom, there were shoe prints. Two pairs, a man's and a woman's. Coram was no invalid. His illness, or at least his immobility, was a deception.
“Nicholas Coram. Your name is familiar to me, Mr. Holmes. You are welcome in my home, though I regret the business that brings you here.” Professor Coram coughed the cough of a lifelong smoker, phlegmatic and labored. He looked up to the maid, waving a hand, and as he did so I saw that the man’s nails were stained yellow with nicotine. Indeed, the entire room was fetid with the stale, cloying smell of tobacco smoke.
“By George, it’s marvelous!” cried Hopkins. “To think I had all the evidence in my hand and never knew it. I had intended, however, to go the round of London opticians.”
“Exceptional? Like officials, Mr. Holmes? I...I don’t believe—” The man abruptly cut himself off, blue eyes brightening in recollection. “Now that you mention it, sir, yes! There was something! I received a message yesterday from Bridlington station, I forgot about it with all of this missing train business.” He twisted in his seat, reaching for a pink slip of paper which lay beside an old-model telegram. “The train had been delayed on its way here because of an issue with the passengers, though what kind of problem, they didn’t say. It mentioned that a Mr. Robinson was located at Bridlington, and delayed with other passengers.”
“Could it have reversed?” I asked, struggling for an explanation. The station master’s pace slowed, and he paused to shake his head, clearly bewildered. Beside me, lantern light spilled into the fog as Holmes bent his arm over the tracks, silently observing the dull metal with intent.
I thought, vengefully, tears sliding unbidden down my face. My eyes stung but I didn't bother to wipe them. No one was there to see, or to conceal them from.
“The first show is about to start,” Johann said. He pushed our two glasses towards us, the corner of his lip curling in a subtle smile. "I hope you gentlemen enjoy the show." At that, he drifted away to assist another customer.
"So the murderer entered from the back door, and had to pass through the kitchens," I said, and my hand went into my jacket for my notebook. "Then, she had to turn left into the lower east hallway, enter the study to take the knife...then move back through the hallway to the next room, where Smith was staying." I paused in my scrawling, looking up. Not a linear path, by any means.
“Is it? I had not noticed.” Regardless, he rose from his chair, the fabric of his robe smoothing in a silken line down his lean frame. “My apologies, Watson. I should have lit the hearth hours ago.”
I summoned a smile, my heart overflowing with affection. “You will have the rest of our lives to make it up to me."
Expression blank, Holmes handed them off to me without speaking, and I squinted at the first sheet. The letters were a jumble, each line an incomprehensible mess. Employing the more basic methods from Holmes’s manuscript on ciphers—ones I’d absorbed before falling asleep before the halfway mark—I checked the first letter of every word and the first letter of every line. No pattern emerged that I could see. The papers were wrinkled, but they weren’t folded or creased in any deliberate way, so it was unlikely that I needed to bend them to reveal any hidden truth.
“A shame,” Holmes said, and I bit the inside of my cheek to deter a chuckle.
He merely looked at me, silvered eyes stirred with a feeling I could not name. I felt something in my chest quiver in the silence that stretched between us.
“Oi! Stop right there!”
Coram’s face was cold, but the laughter that emerged from around his cigarette was far colder, ringing alarms deep in my marrow. “I see,” he said. “I see. You are mad, sir. I helped her to escape, you say? Then, where, pray, is she now?”
“Thank you. Good morning, Mr. Holmes, Dr. Watson,” Hopkins said. “Forgive my disturbing you at this early hour without sending word, I’m afraid I had little opportunity to telegram.”
*          *          *
I could, eventually, live with Holmes lying to me. Leaving me out of the loop, half blind and bumbling behind him as he had done so many times before. But I could not bear this. I could not live with this.
If it were possible, Holmes blushed deeper, his porcelain skin turning red as a summer rose. “Essentially,” he said. “This is most awkward for me, Watson. I detest being so uninformed. I feel like a boy in boarding school.
upon me in the cab home from Scotland Yard!”
“How did you know I'd be down?" I asked, to draw him from his glassy-eyed fixation on the wallpaper. Holmes was still in his robe, the pale cotton nightshirt beneath drawing his skin porcelain in the cool London morning. His hair was uncombed, dark fringe across a pinched brow.
“I could never describe you with such a word,” Holmes whispered.
"Holmes—"
Holmes waved a hand. “I’ve no interest in politics. Or domestic issues.”
I could feel myself edging towards a despair that I could not bear to fall into. Shaking my head, I leaned close to him, hand leaving his to slide, with greatest care, against his cheek. I did not care for where we were or who could see. I merely needed to hold him, as best as I could, because against reason my heart was petrified still that he would slip through my fingers, haunted by a pain it had known for years and could not withstand again.
it, but…I have begun to feel things for you I have never felt for another living soul. It is incomprehensible that I should experience such feeling
"Stockholm," Johann said, his gruff voice softening with longing. "It is the city of my birth. I have not been there in many years."
“This case was the final straw,” Holmes said. His handsome features had transformed into untouched stone, and when his gaze moved to me—those smoke grey eyes, completely removed of emotion—it chilled me to my core. “The endless letters, the incessant attention. The risk to you. This is the last adventure we will share, Watson.”
“Watson,” Holmes said, his weak voice impossibly gentle. I clenched my jaw.
“What do you think, Watson?”
I nodded tersely. “I have my service weapon, should we require it. But if all goes right, it will not be necessary. You recall the instructions Holmes gave you?”
"I confess this introspection did not begin with this case," Holmes muttered, his eyes trained on the Indian rug. My mouth fell open. "I thought merely that now would be an opportune time to test my hypothesis, given certain... circumstances. The environmental stimuli was as inspirational as it was ideal."
Is that what he'd been doing? The very concept of Holmes doing so is as ludicrous as it is touching. "I don't want to impose on
“Watson,” Holmes said. My fizzing blood leapt at the sound of my name in his low tenor.
Holmes was still staring intensely at me, but at my words, a tension had been released in his shoulders, and his bearing seemed the closest to normal it had been all evening.
“Correlations, until proven connected,” I recited, smiling.
“Perhaps if your stories were more precise, he’d never have attempted such foolishness.” My mouth dropped open at the barb, as if I had been struck. Holmes barreled on, steely eyes blank, mouth a cruel twist of distaste. “But then, your tales were never about the truth. My work, the true science of it, has been rendered the jumping point for romantic sixpenny tripe. You’ve witnessed the downsides to
“The rusty spring,” I say, smiling wryly. Holmes nods, mouth twitching.
"Top form, Watson." My smile evolved, and I hid a proud blush in the steam of my teacup.
“No, sir.”
The next moment had the urge whistling out of me like wind through an open window, leaving me empty and cold. Revenge would not serve me. It would only leave me angrier and colder than I was before. And Holmes...Holmes could never approve of his research being used in such a way. Not for vengeance, no, not such a petty, futile, mortal motive.
From the look of its façade, the Circle looked like your typical hole-in-the-wall, bookended by two more of its kind on a street of low-rent bars, molly houses, and brothels that barked and hollered into the night, spilling rowdily over into the London air with sounds of mirth and ruckus like so much broken bottle glass. The inside was not particularly special, to the casual viewer: there were no windows, the wallpaper was dark, and aside from the well-lit, creaky wooden stage for performances the entire place was lit with the scantiest of candlelight, lending the place the perfect, anonymous
My stomach lurched, as though I had been pitched bodily from a great height. “What?” I said, voice caught in a whisper.
“Good Lord.”
“Unreasonable,” I huff, propping over him as he falls back onto the mattress. “Nothing unreasonable about wanting a meal in the mornings…”
That voice, sonorous and flat, sent a jolt through my heart. My eyes were tugged unbidden from the floor to my friend, who was looking at me with such tremendous disapproval that my sternum seemed to crack apart in my chest.
My cry of anguish echoed across the rocks. I dashed to his side, half throwing myself into the frigid water to heave him upwards. I dragged him by his bound arms up onto the bank, and his face, God in Heaven, his face was as white as death. I fumbled frozen fingers alongside his neck for a pulse, my hands and his skin numb with cold—I could not bear to feel nothing, to find
Watson, he will,” Holmes said, tiredly lifting a battered hand to slide over mine as I thumbed his cheekbone.  “But not in any manner that lands you in federal detention. No, that is not the way. If our positions were reversed, you would—”
“Needs medical care as soon as possible!” I hollered up at him. “Go to town for a doctor, as fast as you can!”
“My dear Watson," Holmes whispered. My heart clenched at the fond term, which I had believed moments ago lost to my ears. "I would get down on my knees, to atone for the pain I have just caused you. On the heels of my failure to protect you I have harmed you more deeply and more callously than Nicholas Coram ever could. I am ashamed of my stupidity, and my willingness to harm someone so dear to me under false pretenses.”
“My, my,” Holmes said, turning the label into the light. He took an experimental sniff near the bottle’s lip, and his eyes brightened like sunlight glinting off the Channel. “
Extricating something from his pocket, Fred lifted a hand victoriously to present something to the open air, and it was as if time stood still. I sat, frozen, and felt the blood drain from my face.
"I've done everything you asked," Johann growled. "I've not called the police. I've agreed to your terms
“Alright,” I said gravely. “But you must promise me that you will not bring undue attention to yourself. I could not…” I cleared my throat, voice going gravel-rough as I attempted to conceal my anxiety. “I could not bear the responsibility of dragging your reputation through the mud, if you were recognized.”
I twisted in my seat and found a rather handsome stranger had occupied Holmes’s empty stool, his suit, hair, and smile a triad of sleek confidence. He leaned across the bar with a cool, but not inappropriate, ease, and I lifted an eyebrow.
Holmes stood, and the world hung about his shoulders. Emotion had been shuttered away from his features, a cool mask in place, and though it was familiar the sight now filled me with apprehension. “I’m going to leave you to rest now, Watson. I could use some sleep myself. Sustenance, even, if I dare wake our landlady in coming home. I will see you tomorrow.”
Then, he was gone, and Anna Coram was pulling a second book down alongside the first, a second mechanism that no doubt served to lock my friend and Hopkins inside. My heart turned to stone, and adrenaline replaced the ache in my blood. I felt a soldier’s steel pour into me, for now that Holmes was safe, I needed only survive.
so deeply and so fiercely that my vision blurred into grey-scale watercolor.
after a certain time. There is every possibility that negotiations will fall through, that the Yard could miscalculate their timing, or that word of raids could reach the ears of these gang members too early. Johann will need your protection, and your service revolver.” Holmes met my gaze, expression serious. “I do not relish the idea of sending you alone into peril either, but we have little choice. Not if we wish to rescue Peter Ables with the least amount of risk possible.”
"Is it?" he asked helplessly. "I cannot say. I do not know, have never wished to know, but now I..." He trailed off once more, appearing to me as wretched and lost as a man adrift at sea. I found I could not bear to leave him there, and the truth tugged at me, emboldened by words which had untethered the soul in my chest.
“Please, Watson,” Holmes said. I blinked at the sound of that word in his voice, struck by its sudden and intense fragility. “If there is a chance that I have…” His eyes bored into mine. “Tell me what you meant.”
“Holmes—”
“Call for help!” I thundered, injecting my voice with every shred of military authority I possessed. “Someone has been deeply hurt and needs care!”
“Fool man,” I choked out, voice broken, hand spasming around the pipe like a talisman. He would have. It was very likely the truth of it, and its reality cleaved into me, more efficient and debilitating than a fallen axe. He would have. For all that Holmes did not say, for all that I didn’t express myself: Holmes would have done it. He would have faced that villain, that
“It would be better if you
Holmes pleaded.
that I could ever have doubted Holmes like I did. I felt thrilled, to be seen and known and not cast aside, to be
“...thank you, Holmes,” I whispered.
Holmes stared at me. A beat passed where my heart climbed to my throat, and eventually, the silence was broken.
“Inspector,” Coram ordered coolly, attention drawn away from his confederate wife. “Take out your handcuffs.” His black eyes narrowed. “Slowly.”
“Though you half suspected it,” I teased. “Admit it, then. Before this, you couldn’t explain it either."
But what would I do with it all? His treatises, his writings, those I could not part with, but could I even stomach to read them? Maybe eventually I would have the strength to decrypt his handwriting again, but at that moment, I did not trust myself not to ruin his scattered journals with salt water. His maps I would keep: they were useful and moreover, some were sentimental. His pipes? I gripped the one in my hand. No, they would remain, as would that blasted Persian slipper. His books? Maybe some of them, some I felt would be better used by scholars in a university library. His disguises? What the devil I could do with them, I couldn’t say. I fought a creaky laugh at the idea of giving them to Lestrade for undercover bobbies, and wheezed a little harder at the idea of a plainclothesman in a bar wearing one of Holmes’s preposterous sailor outfits. Good Lord, we had a priest’s vestment somewhere...
Mrs. Coram. She was frightened, Holmes, but not of us. Frightened of being caught, and willing to die before it could happen.”
“Thank you,” Holmes said tonelessly, and spinning on a heel, he left the man and I followed him further into the waiting hall.
My breath caught. “Holmes...”
“Good idea,” I said, through a fixed, casual smile, and tried not to let my expression shatter as Holmes unexpectedly took my arm and we moved together further into the establishment.
“My god, Holmes!” I cried, amazed. “The housekeeper? Truly?”
“My dearest fellow, what have I told you about jumping to conclusions? The discovery of this false train does not suggest very much at all—other than premeditation, and proof that the train did not, in fact, vanish into thin air.”
“It must have stopped somewhere here,” the station master said, leading us through the misty night. The grass beneath our feet was black-green, wet with dew, and pebbled mud lined the edges of the rails. “Without braking, it should have blown right through, but—”
“Of course. It is this way, Mr. Holmes.” As she escorted us down the hallway, which was lined with framed photographs and prints of unfamiliar mountains and cityscapes, she turned and offered kindly, “Should the two of you like any refreshment?” Engaging me, she added, “Tea or coffee, perhaps, Dr. Watson?”
"Watson. I will tell you if I am no longer comfortable. You needn't treat me like china."
His resulting eyebrow told me precisely what the answer was to that, and I couldn’t help the fond, exasperated smile that tugged at the corner of my mouth.
Holmes turned his face away, his cinereal eyes scanning the hallway from the open door. "Nothing of relevance," replied Holmes easily. Contrary to his tone, there was a stiffness to his expression that caused me to wonder. Did he question the professor's supposed wellness after his interrogation by police? Feeling the same ache in my shoulder from that damned Jezail bullet, I was all too familiar with the discomfort rain and cold could bring old injuries. Perhaps Holmes was merely reacting to the maid's chipper nature; my friend was positively arctic  in the presence of most women for reasons I can barely comprehend and scarcely approve. (The Woman is an outlier and exception to his general avoidance of the fairer sex: her influence, I believe, has been key for his giving credence where it was due to the capabilities and strengths of women, but it has been a slow process over time—and I confess I cannot see my dear friend spending substantial time with ladies of his own free will outside the boundaries of a case any time soon.)
My eyes flooded. Something split apart in my chest, bleeding horror, and I buried his face in my hands.
“I even found somethin’! ‘idden beneath Peter’s bed! ‘E told me not to look under there and I always listened even when I didna want to, but I s’posed now was alright, and look!”
We moved arm in arm through the entry parlor and out into the crisp October evening, and soon every inch of me was chilled in the night breeze—every inch, but for where Holmes’s arm entwined with mine. Leaving the Circle’s front door and strolling down the busy street like so many others—my blood hot with liquor, embarrassment, and something deeper and altogether more unwise—I could not help but wonder what it would be like to do so in earnest. To walk down the street with Holmes at my arm, openly, not as friends but as something more. A vice squeezed tightly around my chest at the memory of Holmes’s low voice, his proprietary touch at the small of my back. I did my best not to stare at him in the corner of my eye as we looked for a hansom, still transfixed by the way powder and color emphasized and defined his noble features.
“I—oh my clumsiness, forgive me. This affair has my nerves so frayed, Mr. Holmes, oh.” Every drop of blood seemed to have fled from her face. “I—what did you ask me, sir?”
A slow smile stretched across my friend's handsome features. "Curious," Holmes said. He crossed the room and extended the note to me with a pale hand. "What do you make of it, Watson? I wager even you could derive the more important details with little trouble."
“Not to take what was stolen from the lad’s drawer?” I asked.
My eyes stung, and I shook my head once, not trusting myself to speak.
“Holmes,” I said, taken aback. "That is uncharitable even for you."
I lifted an eyebrow, and swallowed the sudden and mad impulse to laugh. It did not precisely surprise me that Holmes had attempted to seduce me before even knowing what it meant, or truly how to do so, but it did, on some level, inspire amusement. The most intelligent man in all England, and he hadn’t a clue how to court. “Our friendship has its intimacies, Holmes, but there are things we do not do that other couples perform. Assuming that
Holmes, who was lying at my feet, vulnerable and injured, and the fire in my belly burned hotter and more desperate.
been monitoring my emotions around you, Holmes, it is because I did not want you to notice that I’m horribly, irreversibly in love with you.”
Often Holmes has teased, needled, and questioned my decision to put our adventures to paper, but never once in our partnership has he asked me to cease my writings. Only, wisely, has he requested I censor or withhold sensitive information from the public should the spotlight cause harm to innocent parties. He has offered no lack of
I frown at him. “How did—”
Without much preening, I’m pleased to report there are a few stories that have gained particular notoriety among some circles—more notably, “A Scandal in Bohemia” and “the Redheaded League” (and, though I care not to recall its circumstances nor the state in which I wrote it, “the Final Problem”). As a result of my moderate success in spreading word of the genius residing within the mind of my dear friend, we have become accustomed to receiving odd telegrams, unexpected visitors, and strange letters with irregular frequency. Indeed, some of Holmes’s most fascinating cases have emerged wholly unexpected on our doorstep from out of the London grey. In November of ‘94, 221B Baker Street was receiving entreaties—written, typed, and in person—in such a number and kind that even Holmes, whose keen mind is so carnivorous for challenge that it wastes away in slightest inaction, was taken aback by the petitions which clamored for his attention.
