are, then you are even more idiotic than Anderson. I don't know why you are even here."
Their first year at primary school told them that the answer was a resounding
or his ‘favorite’
Sherlock denies Irene’s plea for protection but would later rescue her from a terrorist cell in Pakistan and then cut all ties with the mysterious woman. Mycroft tells John of Irene’s ‘death’ and John lies about her passing to spare Sherlock’s feelings. Which is ridiculous. She was a challenge, and nothing more. John had some misconception that Sherlock had feelings about the woman. Which is, again, another ridiculous statement due to the fact that Sherlock
And begs, "Please don't go!" With a strained, small cry.
In 1895, Dr. Sweeny, after years of asking the same question and conducting thousands of tests, produced a machine that could successfully extract emotions. It was a primitive device, though. This machine was designed to safely extract all emotions after one use. It caused many people to die after the extraction took place. After much deliberation from concerned members of the community, this device was named unsafe and inhumane.
! You’re letting him down, Sherlock. John Watson is definitely in danger.” With a pained grunt, Mind Palace Sherlock slowly and painfully gets to his feet, leaves the room, and begins the slow ascent to life.
In a war paved with isolation.
Special Thanks: Anne, my lovely Beta, who keeps reassuring me and giving me wonderful advice!
Though, later on down the road he meets someone new.
The little boys blames himself for his father's departure.
"Sherlock, we need to discuss this! We don't have soul mates. What I want to know is, do you see this going anywhere? What do you want out of this?"
take care of his self,
“Honey! You’ll find...him someday! You’re young now, give it time!” John blinks up at his mother’s words and whispers, “You promise?”
“What you are about to see may surprise and shock you. No matter how you decide to react will alter that fact that I care and love you deeply. Please remember that.” With that, Sherlock turns and opens the door for the fearful doctor. John steps in first but quickly freezes in his tracks as he sees what is laid out before him.
When reflecting over the distraught man's words, John had a shocking moment of clarity. '
Trigger Warnings for this chapters: Mentions of voilence (off screen?) and descriptions of gore/horror(?) (all of these are just to be safe. I am always trying to look out for people, so if you see anything that needs to be tagged, let me know, please). Mycroft does some things that are a bit not good. He earns the title of BAMF, let's just say that.
He quickly sheds his clothes down to his pants, throws on a ratty t-shirt, and flops backwards on his bed, begging his mind to stop racing with every “what if” long enough to get a few hours of rest before he has to face Sherlock and whatever the day may bring.
It's only when John steps up to the other man does Sherlock realize he’s staring and a blush stains across alabaster skin. That look. That sadness is what causes John to hope once more. He remembers that look. He’s worn it so many times after Sherlock died..
(See the end of the chapter for
As always, thank you to QueenLadyAnne, CCwritessometimes, and Hateya W. These lovely betas all work with me to make this story into something I believe is special. Also, special thank you Ariane DeVere (I'm just going to make a tag for this wonderful person, because I use their blog so often).
He stops at the door. He remembers the last time he was here and what followed afterwards. He hesitatingly pushes the door open and walks quietly to the bed.
With that, the saddened army doctor stomps up the remaining steps and then slams his room's door behind him. The consulting detective watches him go and his brow furrows only momentarily before he jump up into the air in a fist bumping motion. That of course jostles his stitches and when his feet touch the ground once more, he winces at the slight discomfort. He quickly goes over and retrieves his phone before texting his older brother in order to ask if he wouldn't mind picking him up tonight so that they might talk.
Sherlock deduces his love’s earnestness. ‘
His concern must have shown on his face because Mycroft carefully asks, "What is it?" The detective stares at the British Government for a moment or two before slowly lowering his head again to stare at the rings in his hands and then proceeds to ask in a small voice, "What if he doesn't say yes?" Mycroft sees the man before him as he once remembered. The older brother can still picture the little boy who came knocking at his door one day, after school, because the other children were being cruel to him since he didn't have a soulmate. He can almost still hear the barely controlled sobs from said little boy who didn't quite understand why the other children bullied him daily.
“She’s...she’s gone, John. She’s dead.”
This chapter was incredibly hard for me to write (when I first began writing this story). It's the sole reason it took so long to actually put this story out there. However, I knew where I wanted to go with this story, I just didn't know exactly how to write it all down. From the very beginning, I knew that I wanted Mary to be the villian of this story. If you follow me on tumblr, I was very VERY adament that Mary is Moriarty and I thought for
Having lost any remaining fight in her, Clara collapses against John’s hospital bed. The injured man quickly sits up and envelops her the best way he can with his uninjured arm. Both stay silent as they grieve the loss of their cherished loved one.
It has been said that falling is a lot like flying. People say that there is a brief moment in which both fear the ultimate impact. Those who fly fear failure. They fear that they will not be able to complete the task before them. But to those who fall, they unfortunately, if they succeed...have a more permanent destination and fear that last moment of conscious thought.
John then steps forward until he can hold Sherlock's hand. "Not that it's any of your business but I'm Sherlock's threadmate. I stay with him, not out of pity, but because I love him. You apparently don't know what that feels like, because each of you have a threadmate yet you have tossed them aside to pursue your own selfish desires. If anyone here should be ridiculed or judged it would be the two of you. Sherlock's just discovered that I'm his intended and he has been more faithful than either of you have. And he is not a pretend detective! He's more of a detective than any of you will ever be. If he weren't and you were, you wouldn't need his help now would you? Neither one of you have the mental capabilities to keep your jobs, if it weren't for him, you both would most likely have been fired long ago!"
The conversation can only be described with the words foreboding and cryptic. When Moriarty finally leaves his words hang heavily on Sherlock's mind. '
Ten points to anyone who gets the Doctor Who reference! :D Also, Little John! I wanted to make him adorable. I hope I succeeded. :) This is John's story! Please bear with me because the next few chapters will be kind of slow. As always, thank you for commenting, and giving me kudos, those seriously make my day!
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
“What the hell is going on?!” He asks the detective as he packs away clothes while blatantly ignoring the blogger. Said blogger become irate and grabs his mate by the wrist, halting his movements. “Seriously, Sherlock. Why didn’t you say anything? What’s going on? Why do you have to leave?”
At 3:54, John takes out his phone again to check the time and sees 3 missed messages.
Most people would have assumed, when hearing the wonderful news, that John was the one that had proposed but they would, of course, have been wrong. Sherlock had been thinking about this for a few months, and when he was injured he had had plenty of time to formalize the thoughts into some semblance of order.
Also: my beta told me that I was too repetitive with their names, however, I was afraid I was being too repetitive with everything else... so, hopefully this is a little better?
More notes at the end of Chapter.
. Other children go home safely to fathers they don't have to hide from in fear. They could rest safely knowing their fathers would protect them and love them. The Watson's had no such luxury. Maybe at some point, their father had loved them, but they could not sense it when bruises constantly littered their frail bodies.
That’s been happening a lot lately. Whenever Sherlock thinks John can't see him, he looks heartbroken, as if he wants desperately to say something, but the words never come out right. Now, though, John’s had enough.
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock. I just love him to pieces and torment him mercilessly.
“I love you too.” Sherlock says as he smiles. They lovingly embrace. John sighs and looks up at his love with a soft smile, “It’s just one day, right? We can do this. I’ll see you tomorrow, love.”
Since it wasn't a question, Mycroft obviously knew the answer anyway, Sherlock didn't reply. John would return any moment now so he had to quickly wipe all traces of today's activities in case John happened to stumble across his browser history. Now all Sherlock had to do was gauge John's reaction to marriage. Would he even be amenable to being Sherlock's husband?
and Sherlock loses consciousness.
Days would turn into months, which would include many 'dark moods', slamming doors, midnight chases through the alleyways of London, and a vindictive man named Moriarty. Things had been going great until John becomes a hostage to a crazed psychopath at a pool. When John first steps out into view, and Sherlock's eyes meet his, he can see a flash of hurt and anger before Sherlock's face blanks entirely. Moriarty steps out, Sherlock slowly exhales but no other sign of relief is shown. John reveals then that he is wrapped in explosives and from then, it is a battle of wits to see who would escape alive.
, Mycroft. That’s what I’m trying to
When John exits the restroom, he quickly finds his lanky detective standing near the bar with a man he has never seen before. He notices Sherlock’s guarded expression and instantly, John goes into soldier mode. As he slowly makes his way to his beloved, he can hear snippets of the conversation. Words and phrases like, “Soulmate”, “Thought you were threadless”, and “Mate must be a freak!” quickly reach his ears. The soldier balks at such degrading words and he squares his shoulders. When he reaches his detective and the imposing man in front of him, he clears his throat and stares pointedly at the offending man.
" Sherlock hated hospitals. He hated the smell, he hated the people, but what he hated the most was that he could feel the sheer, utter boredom sinking in. That all-consuming dread that if he didn't do something to stimulate his racing mind, he would surely go mad. He had told the '
The distressed amateur detective begins pacing and his words are rushed as he frantically lists out his worries to his older brother, “Myc, what if he changes his mind? What if he decides he doesn’t want to get married anymore?” Here he turns pained eyes, wide with fear, on the British government.
When he sees the last message his blood turns to ice and freezes only momentarily before he makes an excuse to Sarah and quickly leaves the establishment. He then texts Greg to find out where they are. In the cab ride over to the hospital, John can feel this odd tingling sensation in his left hand. Without looking down, he knows what he will find there: an unmistakable crimson, fiery red thread connecting him to the man not even two miles away.
Unfortunately the trial goes about the way Sherlock had believed it would. Moriarty has bribed the jury and thus escapes Scot free. '
Sherlock was laying on the bed, facing the wall, with his back turned away from John. When Sherlock feels John's presence his body goes rigid as he awaits for the punishing words that were sure to fall from John's mouth. When none came his curiosity had gotten the better of him and he turned his head slightly to see John's face. '
"Then you'll never leave."
My most prevailing, constant thought this entire chapter was: "FINALLY. THANK FUCKING GOODNESS."
Special Thanks: QueenLadyAnne, my lovely Beta, who keeps reassuring me and giving me wonderful advice (especially this chapter) and Ariane DeVere for posting the The Reichenbach Fall transcript (you can find here: http://arianedevere.livejournal.com/31651.html)
John's eyes widen and fill with tears as he scrambles backward and away from Sherlock. A half-choked off sob escapes involuntarily from trembling thin lips and arms come up to hide his face from the shocked, slightly bruised face in front of him. When the sobs subside momentarily, John looks up with red-rimmed eyes and whispers, "Why? I don't care how. I just want to know why."
. Now that he thinks about it, Sherlock’s been behaving this way long before his and Mary’s divorce. Sherlock's been nothing but considerate for the past three months now that the Watsons live with him. No spontaneous violin performances in the dead of night. No shooting at the wall...
haunting his dreams. Instead of heading up the stairs to his room, John goes into the kitchen to make tea. He retrieves two cups, mostly out of habit, and places them on the counter. He retrieves the kettle and tea bags from their hiding place and puts the kettle on to boil.
However, when Sherlock’s expression does not change from broken defeat into one of triumph, John knows. This isn’t a game. The older man takes a calming breath through his nose, lowers his head, and then raises to his full height, clearly in soldier mode as he delivers words he has rehearsed a thousand times before, “I find it difficult, this sort of stuff.” Here he pauses, trying to regain what little composure he has before continuing once more in a choked off whisper, “You were the best and wisest man that I have ever known. Of course, I forgive you.” John lowers his head and braces himself for certain death as Sherlock’s sobs seem to only grow louder and louder.
More notes at the end of Chapter.
The detective gently pushes his love away and goes to retrieve two plates which are adorned with Angelo’s signature ravioli. He then retrieves an expensive looking bottle of wine which he pours into two tall glasses. Sherlock places this all on the table and then proceeds to take John’s hands and lead him over to the table. The nervous detective draws out the doctor’s chair and motions for him to sit down. Once the blogger has been seated, Sherlock goes over to his own chair, sits, and the pair begins to eat. The meal consisted of stolen glances, hushed tones, and short kisses which were initiated by both men.
As Sherlock lay getting his haircut and wounds tended to, Mycroft told Sherlock, two years and three days into his hiatus away from John, about his soul mate. At first, '
is carved into his skin in striking red letters. John takes a dish towel in hand and presses the wound with one hand, and with the other checks for a pulse. When one is found (barely there but there is one) John lets out the breath and tears he had been holding and steadily reaches for his mobile.
because I
Sherlock’s mouth opens again as if to respond, but no words escape. His mouth closes as he continues to look lost and so unsure. After a few moments, Sherlock’s expression morphs between wariness and earth shattering hope and John can’t help but hug him tightly. John’s small smile falters briefly as he is reminded of another instance eerily familiar to this one, but he quickly pushes onward with a strong, “Of course I am. I’m happy to be here with you.”
what's in front of them!" When Sherlock had finished ranting, he crossed his arms over his chest and glared at the wall as if it had all been its fault. John just quietly laughed and reached for Sherlock's hand in order to pacify the agitated detective. Unfortunately he noticed something.
The besotted ebony haired man blushes and brushes a kiss against John’s forehead, “Thank you, John. I think you look very handsome, too.” Mycroft, who has been looking at his watch throughout the soon to be wedded pair’s display of affection, decides, at this moment, to break up this adorable scene: “We have an appointment to keep, everyone. We must leave now if we are going to get there in time.”
He has no intention of surviving this fall. This would be his final bow. With this thought in mind, he plunged the needle into his arm.
and he takes Mary home.
John's takes Sherlock's angular face in his warm hands and gently places a soft kiss to the corner of Sherlock's mouth. "You'll never feel alone again if I have any say in the matter. If you'll have me, I'll love you and stay with you always."
(See the end of the chapter for
John Watson had always known he was intended to have a soul mate. He was one of the few very fortunate children that had their red threads at an early age. Everyone in his family knew that he was a special child. Unlike most children, John’s thread was a crimson, fiery red that burned intently and endlessly.
He provided the bare minimum amount of care for his children. Most of the time, Mr. Watson left John and Harry with Marideth’s mother, Beatrice, as he disappeared for days at a time. When Mr. Watson would finally return home, he would drop in on the children long enough to give Beatrice insufficient funds to feed, clothe, and take care of children before driving to the nearest pub to drink away the majority of his money. This would continue for four years.
(See the end of the chapter for
John!” John is
love.
There must have been something in the way Sherlock said that last sentence because John stops his tea making process completely and turns to look at his soulmate. "Is that what this is all about?" The ebony haired genius stares pointedly at the corner of the room and refuses to look at his threadmate as he whispers, "Don't you miss it?"
“…friend?”
people I love and care about most in the world to be there.”
John had decided to move out of Baker Street because even though Mycroft was paying for his living arrangements and he no longer had to worry about money, everywhere he looked, Sherlock's possessions and his memory still lived in the now dismal flat. So, we now find John back in a small, tidy
John's shoulders slump, "Oh. You've noticed."
From there the insecurities set in. '
Sherlock begins struggling in her grasp, but he is still weak from the narcotics raging through his system. When that doesn’t work, he manages to jab a sharp elbow backwards to create enough room between the two struggling figures in order for John to take a shot. In seconds, a shot echos off the walls and blood begins to stain the front of Mary’s shirt. She scrambles to her knees and stares at her ex-husband with labored breath. Mary’s weight shifts forward as she coughs blood, but before John can react she smiles menacingly, lips stained dark red, and she begins to
Ms. Adler appears
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock, when John had kissed him, had truly been too shocked to do anything. His school mates had often made the joke that he was a virgin. They unfortunately, no matter how idiotic or incorrect their deductions were, were correct. He didn’t understand the social etiquette involved with kissing.
and last but not least,
“Lady Smallwood, I understand that you were very distressed, but I was—.” The figure before him turns slowly and the shocked man comes face-to-face with Mary Elizabeth Watson. She cocks her gun and aims it at his chest before coolly stating, “Is John here with you?” He gapes at her for a moment before stumbling out, “He’s um…downstairs.” Mary nods once but keeps her gun aimed at the ebony haired man’s chest. Sherlock goes to take a step forward but as Mary narrows her eyes, he decides against it. Sherlock tries to softly beseech her, “Please, Mary. Let me help you. You don’t have to do this. He can’t hurt you anymore.” The assigns eyes flash darkly before she mutters out coldly, “Oh, I’m so sorry, Sherlock. I hate to do it this way, but you’re collateral now. Can’t have that, can we?”
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
He squints into the dim light of the sitting room to the clock on the microwave as he realizes Mrs. Hudson will be bringing Rosie up in only a few hours. He may as well get some sleep while he can. He sighs as he slowly begins the trek up to his own room. With Rosie downstairs and Sherlock’s drunken mumblings so fresh in his mind, his room feels lonelier than it has in a long time.
was spoken.
"Your welcome Sherlock."
"I promise, if there was another way in order to keep you safe, I would have taken it! Moriarty had snipers placed on all of my friends and if I didn't jump, he would send out the word and all of you would have died. Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade…..you… Either I die, or you die."
Warnings: Self-harm (cutting), Johnlock slash (Rating could go up), Unbeta'd, and I'm not British
“Yes, but I was also a soldier, and I had bad days! Vatican Cameos!”
"Sure, I wouldn't mind. Black, two sugars, please?" John stands and nods and the answering "Ta." sets him in motion toward the kitchen. Lestrade walks forward and sits down in Sherlock's old chair. Sherlock then pulls his dressing gown tighter around his exposed chest and Lestrade shifts in his seat awkwardly. The silence feels oppressive and deafening, so, when John finally does return, both detectives sigh in relief as John inquires about the last football match. Sherlock watches contentedly as the conversation carries on without him. He picks up the case file and takes one last look as his thread-mate, small smile painting across his angular features, before delving into a case about a 70 year old man murdered in a pet-shop.
"You don't understand? Of course you don't fucking understand. It's because you're a freak! God, Sherlock. What the hell is wrong with you?! You take, and you take, until there is nothing left for you to take and I am left with absolutely nothing! Nothing is ever mine. You think you can do these things, but you can't keep doing them, Sherlock!" Sergeant Donavon, having long since entered before this heated argument took place, looked as if she were a bucket of popcorn away from enjoying a great show. John ignored her in favor of taking a moment to look at the detective. He bitterly laughed at the trace of tears he saw and sarcastically continued with, "Grow the fuck up, Sherlock. Stop the act. I'm not going to continue playing these games. I'm sick and tired of the bullshit. Just piss the fuck off."
When John happened to look down, he saw a thin white line running across Sherlock's wrist. Now, don't believe everything Sherlock tells you. John is not an idiot. He was a spectacular soldier and a brilliant doctor. He has seen many scars like this and knows how they are produced. John grabs Sherlock's wrist and turns his arm over.
John's hands soon move upward until he can bury them in ebony curls to draw the man above him in a sensual kiss. The observant man then moans when John's questing hands make their way downward to land on the Sherlock's backside which he gently squeezes. Long violinist fingers trace down a toned chest and continue their exploratory quest downward until Sherlock's skilled hands began fiddling with the waistband of John's pants. The kiss is broken once more as John looks searchingly at his threadmate as if to ask one last time,
When they had finally headed to bed, they both decide that separation would not be advisable or wanted by either party. John took Sherlock's hand and led him up the stairs and through the door. Once inside, John places his hands gently on Sherlock's chest and looks up into his gray, stormy eyes that reflect a wary hesitation that borders on fear. '
and his heart sinks in his chest as each mournful sound resonates throughout the near silent flat.
Anyway, Next couple of chapters: More angst. If you have been keeping up with the progression of cases, then you will notice what will be next. This story will not be season three compatible. I don't like Mary. At ALL and I refuse to add her in here. She will only be mentioned in passing or if mentioned, as a way to get over what is about to happen. I will make references to some things that have happened in season three, but nothing more. Thank you to all my readers and followers! I hope you like the story so far!
Three months then fly by. It has really all come down to this. One man is standing on the edge of a rooftop while the other lay dead in a pool of his own blood. When a taxi stops at the front of St. Barts, it reminds Sherlock that this is the only solution. He picks up his phone and dials a familiar number.
If you would ask John, his instant response would be that he, “is a creepy bugger,” and he would then quickly change conversation onto something much more pleasant. Magnussen is the epitome of a disturbed megalomaniac. Sherlock is, of course, very horrified but intrigued by the other man. Maybe that is why Sherlock stormed headfirst into the businessman’s office under the ruse of proposing to Janine (John, of course, is silently
. Sherlock accepted the explanation easily enough. After all, he could see the logic behind their statements (Although he hated the way they spoke to him. As if he couldn’t understand them unless they spoke in this irritating high pitch coddling voice).
To John it had seemed that Sherlock had been falling for hours. To him, everything had slowed down. He stood,
Was John's guess.) But unbeknownst to the blogger, Sherlock was actually on a jeweler's website looking for engagement and wedding rings.
"Sherlock! Can you hear me?! You are going to be alright! The ambulance is coming and will be here shortly love! You're going to be just fine!" John wasn't too sure if he was trying to reassure the unconscious detective or himself. When the ambulance had arrived and he was again waiting in the waiting room, he anxiously sat awaiting the doctor's diagnosis. '
Soon the screeching sounds morph into a slow heart breaking piece John had heard previously. Sherlock's demeanor had completely changed. Before the music had began, His entire form had been set rigidly and withdrawn, but now…now it's as if he is defeated. As if his entire world has collapsed. His proud frame is now drooping slightly, his head is moderately bowed, and his shoulders are slumped downwards. The proud detective stands before John, appearing crumbled and defeated.
On a different note... I have finally seen the first episode of Sherlock season 3. I already hate Mary and I believe something is fishy about her -.- (that could just be because she is interrupting my Johnlock but I think there is something else). I'm not spoiling the first ep. for anyone who hasn't seen it so, don't post spoilers (if you can refrain from doing so. It is very hard I know ;) )!
However, in 1991, Dr. Goode received unofficial funding by means of anonymous donations to begin working on a new device that would help with this problem. Dr. Goode released the Pathos Eradicator on November 28th, 1994, which came at a seemingly opportune time. The demand for artificial emotions became so high that supply could not keep up with it. When word of the Pathos Eradicator was released, company officials played off the machine as a gift from the gods. This machine would solve the emotion shortage for the people who needed them, donators would be servicing the needs of mankind, and Dr. Goode promised that there would be no lasting side effects. It seemed to be a win-win for everyone involved.
' He turns the body over and inspects the other side. '
Sherlock smiles down at his mate and he sincerely states, “Thank you, John.” The besotted doctor leans forward and places a chaste, lingering kiss against his detective’s cheek, “You’re welcome. I love you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s not that simple! You cannot
"Thousands of thoughts raced through the blond man’s head as he drew closer to the hospital. ‘God, I hope he’s alright,’ seemed to be playing on a constant loop in the blogger’s mind."
Sherlock blinks owlishly at John's quivering body and then reaches out and places his hand on John's. John's head snaps up and takes in Sherlock's glistening eyes. "There's always something." Sherlock tugs and pulls John's body toward his until he can place slightly chapped lips against thin warm ones. The kiss is chaste at first but quickly turns into a warm caress that expresses sorrow, worry, forgiveness, but most of all love. When they finally part for needed oxygen, Sherlock rests his forehead against John's and quietly whispers, "I thought you were leaving me and I would be all alone again. I hated myself for driving you away and I felt the need to be punished. I didn't want to go back to being so alone."
One hundred years’ worth of devastation; a century of violence and pain should be enough proof that emotions are needed for functioning members of society. Right? If the last one hundred years is anything to go off of, living without emotions is an extremely destructive way to live. What sick, twisted human being would ever want to operate without feeling anything at all?
case. Said dull case, that was originally thought to be a five, quickly turned into a seven which included a high speed, thrilling chase through the back alleyways in London. Their suspect was only ahead by a few feet and Sherlock was right on his tail. When he made a quick and abrupt turn around a corner, Sherlock trailed behind incautiously which resulted in an unconscious consulting detective and a furious army doctor.
A small smile spreads across Sherlock's seemingly passive face until he wipes away all traces of emotion and responds in an indifferently with, "Experiment, John." The frustrated doctor mutters a few grumbled responses about having to constantly buy milk because a certain someone uses it all. John leaves his abandoned tea and instead stomps back up the stairs and into their shared room in order to change his clothes. When he comes back down the stairs, he utters an exasperated goodbye and then he was out the door on his way to the to the nearest the hour is up Mycroft arrives, as promised, bearing a pair of wedding rings along with the matching engagement rings. When Sherlock opens the box, the plain titanium bands gleam up at him.
The detective smiles at his blogger as he says, “I will always be yours. I have enjoyed today. I quite enjoy married life so far.” Sherlock leans forward and gently kisses his threadmate and when he withdrawals he whispers against his lips: “I love you.” John chuckles and plants another kiss against cupid bowed lips: “I love you too.”
. Look how pathetic he is! The only man he has ever "loved" believes him to be an indifferent, uncaring, bastard!" When Sherlock finishes his ranting, he goes over to his violin rips it from its case before drawing the bow across the strings in a sawing motion.
: Mentions of drug use and brief mention of violence (just to be safe)
There’s a pause on the other end of the line and when the elder Holmes finally does speak, the careless mask has been dropped and his voice sounds low and threatening, “I saw him when he left the crime scene, but after that, he has been avoiding the CCTV cameras. Sherlock has managed to successfully disable the tracking device I have installed, and thus far, all of my efforts to contact him have failed.” Here Mycroft seems to take a calming breath before he coldly adds, “I don’t see why you should particularly care.” John became affronted by the insinuation and states, “You don’t see why—Mycroft, I love him.”
John’s confusion only grows with these words and, growing steadily annoyed form being kept in the dark, he turns his mate around to look at the doctor. Sherlock’s demeanor has changed. His shoulders are slumped in defeat, and a small pout splays itself across cupid bowed lips: “I don’t want to be away, but Mycroft is right. I don’t want this any more than you do, but it’s only for one night.” Something behind the detective’s eyes shifts as he says, “I’ll see you in the morning…won’t I? You’ll be there, right?” The blogger would have laughed at the thought of being anywhere the detective wasn’t, but that all dies when John sees the vulnerable look hiding just below the surface. “Sherlock, I’ll be there. I’ll always be there when you need me. I love you,” John lovingly proclaims.
Sherlock gathers the little one close to his chest as he sinks down onto the sitting room rug. He pulls out several of her toys and lays them out to pick the first game they will begin playing together. Instantly, she reaches for her favorite blocks and begins constructing fantastical buildings as she explains each building's purpose in excited gibberish. Sherlock nods his head seriously as if whatever she is saying is the utmost truth. They play for a few hours together building tall towers only for the excited toddler to knock it down in a fit of giggles with Sherlock’s own low rumble mixing in.
', didn't explain any of the details and had led Sherlock to believe that it was someone other than John. Of course the consulting detective refused any other mate other than his beloved blogger. He has finally found, in his opinion, his soul mate, and doesn't need a red thread to confirm it.
John again crumbles onto the ground, unable to keep standing due to the crushing finality and weight of it all. He is left alone then. There are no longer persistent hands holding him back, so now he lets his defenses fall and a heart-breaking sobs escapes from his lips. John's entire world has crumpled. His shoulders have slumped and he is defeated. He looks up to the sky in a silent plea for this all to have been a horrible nightmare. The only answer he receives is the sky opens up and there is a downpour of rain all around him.
When John finally makes his way up the stairs, Sherlock is seen sitting rigidly on the couch with his eyes staring pointedly at the floor. “Sherlock we need to--.”
They say you're made of steel.
Special Thanks: QueenLadyAnne, my lovely Beta, who keeps reassuring me and giving me wonderful advice!
He would never actually tell Sherlock any of this. He knows this isn’t Sherlock’s area, but John’s feelings feel near to bursting while the detective giggles softly into John’s ear as they stumble over each other. The dance slows into something soft as Sherlock’s hand trails up John’s arm to mirror the other one on John’s shoulder. Between one breath and the next, Sherlock steps impossibly closer and drapes his arms around John’s neck. The former soldier’s arms automatically wrap around the detective’s too thin waist as he tries to calm his racing heart. He has to forcefully remind himself that Sherlock is much more drunk than he is, and the Consulting Detective can’t really be held accountable for his actions.
More notes at the end of Chapter.
John looks at Mycroft as he finally realizes what he has done. Sherlock. The man that he protected from the beginning of their friendship, the man he killed for, the man who died to save him…John broke him. He was doing so well with life. He had been clean for three years. When dark moods would fall, he would be tempted to cut again, but he didn’t go back to it and John would always become so proud. John had reduced the once proud, strong detective to this.
But, like all good things, this too, must come to an end.
Sherlock pockets his phone '
you. I told you this before this whole mess started! I wouldn't leave you no matter how much of a pompous arse you are! You are the single most important person in my life and it bloody gutted me to see you lying on the floor like that. I was so afraid you had died. I was afraid I had lost you." John's breath caught on the last sentence and he buries his head again.
John places his hands on Sherlock's waist and draws his soulmate into a passionate kiss. Teeth nip at lips and tongues map out the contours of each others mouths. Hands begin to roam and each lingering press draws the two lovers closer together. The detective soon finds himself straddling John's strong thighs and gazing into a pair of dilated pupils. The embarrassed man from before seems to be long gone as he presses nipping kisses against John's neck.
Special Thanks: Anne, my lovely Beta, who stuck with me until the very end. You have truly been exceptional!
Alcohol is definitely one of life’s greater blessings. Especially when one Sherlock Holmes is reduced to a giggling, bubbly mess. Sherlock is a very happy drunk. Well, this isn’t exactly news. The Stag Night fiasco was proof enough that Sherlock was a delightfully silly human being when absolutely sloshed. Tonight is no different. Sherlock sits in his signature black chair, the death frisby of a hat perched haphazardly atop his riotous curls as John giggles against his fist at something the detective says, but he can't quite remember what it was. An impish grin spreads across John's face as he peers closely at his dear friend. Sherlock giggles madly when John informs him that he looks marvelous in the hat.
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
http://arianedevere.livejournal.com/
By some saving grace, a patrolling police car stops them to question the two teens on why they were out at such a late hour. They quickly explain what had transpired that evening and soon, they were off to the hospital to fix John’s broken arm. Hours later, arm just recently set in a blue cast, an officer arrives to take the teenagers’ statements. It was only then that the two children finally reveal the extent of their guardian’s abuse. With a little coaxing, John and Harry slowly display the dark patches of deep blue and purple.
The door slams and the sound reverberates throughout the room. Sherlock curls in on himself more and lets sleep take him.
Nothing can stay hidden forever, no matter how much it is wished, because just two months later John became aware of Sherlock's dark past. The day had started off normally. They had received a text from Lestrade asking for assistance with a '
“Oh dear God. Look at the poor man. You didn't actually think I was interested in you, did you? Why, because you're Sherlock Holmes, the clever detective in the funny hat?”  Irene says with a self-satisfied smirk that is painted upon her red lips.
The threads are finally explained.
-Rebekah (TJLC Explained)
The older man jumps, not realizing that Sherlock had even left his bedroom, let alone entered the living room. When he finally registers what the other man said, understandable confusion mars John’s facial features. The Consulting Detective rolls his eyes and continues, “No, we will not be having a Christmas party this year.” Sherlock knows that that is not what John was just thinking of, but he is hoping it will be an adequate distraction against the darkness pervading John’s thoughts. John knows what he’s doing, and he’s grateful for it.
Day turns to night and John still has not returned. Sherlock begins thinking the worst. '
for long. I'm leaving."
For a moment, all John can do is grit his teeth at the searing, white hot pain that seems to take over every functioning part of his brain and body.
Her face was arranged in an ugly scowl, her once pretty features have been twisted until unrecognizable by her hatred. When she begins to speak, her eyes are like ice, voice filled with hatred before saying, "Yes, I've done it. I've always been the bad child. 'Why can't you be like Brianna, Alicia? She's perfect, smart, funny, and everyone likes her!' No one ever notices me. I'm always overlooked. When Brianna called saying she had got the promotion, I was so...angry! It was just going to be another thing she would get recognized for that I wouldn't. I came over here and killed her."
"I love you with my whole heart and sometimes I don't let it show.
This chapter has minor smut.
Said genius' facial expression briefly flashes to some unknown expression before angular features harden, cool eyes narrow, and lips take on an angry glower. "I don't know why you should feel so betrayed. You've made your feelings apparent. You obviously don't believe that I could possibly feel anything for anyone. I can only assume that you wish to flaunt your opinion of me further. Fine! Let's laugh at the
Sherlock magically produces a cab out of thin air to take them back to Baker Street. During their cab ride back, John retrieves a small wrapped gift out of his pocket and silently gives it to his soulmate. Sherlock takes the little box and turns it over in his hands, but before he can deduce what is inside, John smiles enduringly at his mate and tells him to: “Just open it already!” Inside the decorative paper, the amateur detective finds a box of his favorite microscope slides.
John and Sherlock Talk
Trigger Warnings for this chapters: Minor Character Death (Mycroft is a bit excessive at one point) I think that's it. I am always trying to look out for people, so if you see anything that needs to be tagged, let me know, please.
He would silently beg until he finally subcomes to the darkness with grief hanging heavily around his heart.
The consulting detective tries once more to persuade John to reconsider, but he is having none of it. He’s thought this through. He’s been thinking about this since the moment Sherlock woke up at the hospital and these feelings are just reaffirmed when he found out it was Mary that shot him. There are no warring emotions. When he was going to marry Mary, there had been this niggling doubt at the back of his mind. But, for once, he is sure. With a decided course of action, John soldiers on straight ahead without hesitation. With a determined nod, he finishes hanging the decorations and determines they have a little over half an hour to get ready before they must go to be on time. He gently pushes Sherlock into his room to get dressed before he travels up the stairs to change into a festive jumper. When he finally descends, the stairs leading from his room, Sherlock is ready to go and is waiting for John near the door. John grabs his coat and then they’re off.
So, due to his losses, he decides love isn't worth the heartache or pain.
There was nothing subtle about it. Sherlock caught on in moments and quickly snuffed out any hopes John had. "John, erm... I think you should know that I consider myself married to my work, and while I know you once had a soul bound, I have never had one and don't intend to participate in mindless, tawdry affairs. Although I'm flattered by your interest, I'm really not looking for any…" John laughed off the rejection easily enough. He hadn't expected to go anywhere with his suggestion, but he thought he might try. He made a vain attempt of declining his intentions with a "
Next chapter, our boys finally meet! We're going to see some of their cases (just rehashing the same stuff we've seen) and a little more about how we feel about each other. :)
Hello! If you read the Prologue, I congradulate you! Bravo!
, to be solved. Although she had been connected, like many others, with the sacred red thread, she seemed to genuinely like Sherlock. The best part about Ms. Adler’s appearance was that she made John jealous.
The Consulting Detective blinks slowly and stutters out, “W-whatever he has on you, Mary, I can help you. You don’t have to do this.”
Notes: This chapter is slightly longer (by at least by 100 words). This one is leading up to happier times! I promise! It will get better! To all of you who have commented, favorited, followed, and watched me as an individual. I want to take this time to thank you. So, Thank you! *blushes* you all have been so very kind and have made this an enjoyable experience for me! I hope to have done this fandom justice and to have appeased all Johnlockians :D.
Notes: I know I promised Angst, but I couldn't resist this! I had to do this! I'm not going to reveal my plans for the next chapter. I'm going to leave you wondering.
After blushing an even deeper shade of red, Sherlock begins to leave with a mumbled, embarrassed departure which finally makes John act. "No! I mean… Of course I'll come to bed with you. I was just surprised that you would want my company tonight." Sherlock takes his blogger's hand and places it on his chest. "Of course I want you with me. I'd be lost without my blogger."
Slowly, Sherlock shakes his head before stating, “Mary, this isn’t like you. Who is making you do this? Please, I can help you!” The ex-assassin smiles darkly as she replies, “Oh, Sherlock. No one is making me. I became this all on my own. Haven’t you figured it out yet?” She slides off his lap, folds her hands behind her back and begins circling once more. Sherlock’s eyes narrow briefly as he tries to get his drug muddled mind to work, properly before it finally clicks as. When it does, he jerks back so violently that he almost tips his chair over. His verdigris eyes bore into hers as he mutters in disgust, “It’s been you, hasn’t it? All these murders. Those people...Mary, people are dyin—.”
Before you say anything, no. This isn't *really* a case fic. This case was just to get Sherlock interested in the crimes. To lure him in, if you will. This case won't really come up again. I just needed to connect point A to point B, in all honesty and I felt that this was a good way to do it. As always, happy reading, everyone.
When John can finally catch his breath, he finds his gorgeous mate quickly fisting his own aching erection. John’s sentences are broken up as he pants out, “Oh, my love. You look so beautiful… I can’t wait to make love to you. You’re so clever… Won’t you come for me? Please come for me, Sherlock.” With a skillful twist of his wrist, Sherlock moans out his own release.
The cold, morgue equipment and tools have been removed and replaced by a medium sized table adorned with a scarlet table cloth, a lit candle, two chairs, Sherlock’s violin, and a music stand. John then turns to the tense consulting detective and beams happily as he throws his arms around his soul mate. “Sherlock, this is wonderful! Not that I’m not grateful, but what’s all this for?”
As Sherlock goes to move away, John gently takes Sherlock’s larger hand into his own and tilts his head to the sofa. Sherlock’s blush grows two shades darker and the mop of raven curls bob up and down before leading the way. Sherlock takes one end of the sofa, trying to put as much space between himself and John, but John is having none of it. He sits close enough that the other man can feel the heat coming off of him, but far enough away to remain a semblance of friendly distance.
John rushes to Sherlock’s side, gun never leaving Mary’s still body until he can kick her gun away and lands hard on his knees next to the detective and begins to make sure that Sherlock is safe. The Consulting Detective smiles softly as one hand reaches up and cradles his blogger’s cheek. Eyes are stained with tears as each of the two men express their relief and happiness when they realize that it is over. John draws the other man closer and gently kisses the detective several times until lips travel upward to Sherlock’s temple and ebony curls to just breathe him in.
He has been having a hard time believing John could be so cruel. He had expected as much from Sally or Anderson, but never John. He had been told throughout his life that he never deserved love, or a mate. He had finally thought he had found someone who he could love despite them not being his soul mate.
’ That makes much more sense. Alcohol makes a fool out of many. Sherlock can’t be held accountable for the things he says. He’s a lightweight. Sherlock probably just means it in some platonic, flatmate way. Right?
Eventually, he reaches a dead end. The hallway ends in two separate supply closets and an employee bathroom, and with a quick check, he discovers that all three are empty. Confused, John makes his way back toward his detective to make sure he is alright and then to check other rooms. Mycroft would eventually be called because Moriarty is still at large. However, when he reaches his lover, he notices a figure standing behind Sherlock brandishing a gun and what looks to be a syringe filled with a black liquid. John draws his gun and aims it at the mysterious person’s head and he says in his best Captain’s voice, “Drop the gun and back away slowly!”
Thank you to everyone who has been by my side and has followed or commented or just viewed it! You have made this amateur writer's day :D
John of course snorts out a laugh at the second one but continues on with the third and final message
"I need an ambulance at 221B Baker Street at once! My friend is hurt and needs medical attention at once!" He waits, listens to the reply from the reassuring dispatcher that promises a quick arrival, and responds with a choked out, "Hurry!"
Sherlock whimpers and John kisses him deeply. “Fine, fine. Whatever you want, John, but shut up so I can kiss you again,” Sherlock gasps out against John’s mouth.  John grins and whispers into Sherlock’s ear, “With pleasure.”
The older man finds peace in his decision and his smile only grows as he carefully tucks a curl behind Sherlock’s ear. Sherlock’s eyes widen, but before he can ask what exactly is going on, John states, “I don’t want to place any child in position to become accustomed to constant anger and spewed hatred. As for Mary, I can’t continue to live there. I can barely stand to look at her and I can’t stand what she’s done to you. She and I will be talking quite a bit tomorrow about our relationship or the lack there of.”
Sherlock, during Lestrade's retelling of facts, analyzes each photo before walking over to the four mourning family members, 'father, two sisters, and a brother,' inspecting each in turn, before turning to Greg, " The latest victim, Brianna ,was an artist. Her right sleeve is lightly coated with graphite. The graphite was picked up when she swiped her hand across the paper to remove the eraser shavings. Her mother Christina was a surgeon, the photos show her degrees. Little Samantha was a musical prodigy. She played the violin, which I know based upon the rosin on her right sleeve. What do each of these unique individuals have in common, besides being related?"
He isn't sure how long he lay staring at his phone but, beside him, John was awaking slowly. By the time John blinks up at him, he has abandoned the phone momentarily in order to smile down at the sleepy former army doctor. "Good morning, John." The drowsy blogger smiles up at his disheveled consulting detective. "Good morning."
?' The consulting detective then remembers the hurt look on John's face as he storms up the stairs into his own room. Sherlock pauses for a moment before meekly walking over to the foot of the stairs and quietly calling up, "John?" He waits a moment before asking, "Are you still mad?" He takes a step up when there is no reply. "Can I come up there with you?" He takes another step, "If I can't come up, say so...
The only
' When the next text is received, John's cab has pulled up to the hospital's entrance. He quickly pays the fare and exits the vehicle.
“The next time you feel anything like this again, I want you to come tell me.” Sherlock nods his head in acceptance and draws John into another sweet kiss. They draw apart again when a text chimes on Sherlock’s phone which reads:
The Game is On!
When he finally leaves one of Mycroft's many houses, the consulting detective springs into action. He begins packing his meager belongings
again. You dismantled Moriarty’s web in order to save the ones you loved.
“Ah. John Watson. To what do I owe this pleasure?” The umbrella twirling, British Government drawls out in an uninterested air.
mentions of Suicide attempt, self-harm, and drug use************
Everyone, but Sherlock Holmes.
“As you know, when I was growing up, I didn’t have a soulmate. My parents grew concerned when I didn’t present with a thread and many nights, I could hear them question each other what was wrong with me. By the time we had met, I had given up all hope that I had in ever finding anyone that would ever love me for me,” At this point Sherlock pauses briefly before continuing a little shackingly, “But then, out of nowhere, I met you. You’ve told me multiple times that I have saved you, but I don’t think you realize how much you have saved me. Without you, I would have given up long ago. I was living my life in a daze, I had no idea what I was missing. You are my heart, John. I don’t want to go back to the way my life was before you and now I know for certain that  I want to spend the rest of my life with you.” Sherlock then gets down on one knee and produces a small black box out of his suit pocket. “So, would you give me the honour of becoming my husband?” The consulting detective opens the box and reveals the titanium band within.
Instead of answering Sherlock asks a question of his own. "Why did you come back?" John's eyes widen in disbelief at Sherlock's words.
“…With me?”
“Well, how about a doctor?”
(See the end of the chapter for
John’s tramps down has anger as he calmly states, “Right… Well, we must be going. Come on, Sherlock.” Wilkes laughs and his reply is lost as the blogger and sleuth make their way through the crowded club. When they retrieve the intoxicated D.I. they exit the establishment and a familiar black car is waiting on the curb. As soon as they all get inside, the car takes off. Throughout the entire ride, John tries to talk to his love, but Sherlock only stares off into the distance in a trance. Greg, on the other hand would not shut up. When the ride finally ends for Sherlock and John, the sleuth exists quickly while the blogger talks to the chauffer.
Soon, the violin music stops as well. That is what finally clues John in.
Having no time to stop and fully think about what he had
John walks down the stairs from his bedroom, duffel bag in hand packed with clothes and toiletries for the long trip ahead, and as he stuffs his gun in his back pocket of his jeans before pulling on his coat, his cellphone rings. Without looking at the caller ID, he answers, “Hello,” he says with a sigh. He closes his eyes briefly before they fly open in shock.
John feels like the idiot Sherlock so often calls him as he stares down at the man a waiting for his world to end. The blogger feels determined as he marches over to the door and firmly closes it. This is not a conversation that needs to get interrupted before it’s been completed. As he turns around to finally hash everything out, he stops in his tracks as he sees the detective’s thin frame imperceptibly begins to shudder. The blogger instantly realizes how this has been perceived and he pinches the bridge of his nose in frustration.
When the trio finally reaches a nightclub, Sherlock’s mouth slightly turns up on the corners because the thought of dancing with John is incredibly appealing. As they enter in, the first thing the Detective Inspector does is head straight to the bar. John chuckles and grabs Sherlock’s hand to drag him to a booth near the edge of the dance floor. Once there, they slide in to wait for Greg to return. After a moment or two of internal debate, Sherlock stands and asks if John would care to dance.
She stops right in front of his chair, climbs up, and straddles his lap. She leans forward and begins softly kissing the detective’s neck as he squirms to get away. She continues unperturbed, “The sex with John was good, though. We had some pretty wild nights.” She smiles darkly at the detective, knowing her words are like knives, but she continues anyway, “All I had to put up with was your name being screamed out as John fitfully slept with his nightmares. What’s a few sleepless nights on my part when, in the end, I got to watch your face crumble when John told me he loved me? John chose me over you.Just like that. I easily took the one thing you thought you could never have, and all I had to do was sway my hips and play the sympathetic, understanding card and he was mine. That must hurt a lot, doesn’t it? Knowing that you are only second best?” She leans back and she pouts as her eyes appear doleful and sympathetic until she smiles brightly and states, “You can always change your mind, though. You can always pick me. I know it will take time, but you could eventually love me. John doesn’t have to know.” She leans forward until their noses are almost touching whilst simultaneously managing to undo three of his shirt buttons as her other hand travels down and unbuttons his trousers until Sherlock’s squirming made it impossible to continue. She pulls away and looks at Sherlock expectantly.
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
Sherlock’s eyes widen, “Yes, yes. You’ve made your point perfectly clea
“Sherlock, what’s wrong?”
At Anderson's outburst Sergeant Donovan flounces into the room but stops as Anderson had, before snidely commenting, "I pity the poor soul bound to you! Who the hell would want the heartless
John whispers into Sherlock's skin after Sherlock's story has been told.
John's conscience comes into play as he remembers that no, they haven't talked about this and that the detective is currently asleep. With a mournful glance at his own raging hard-on, John places his hands on the arms wrapped around his waist and tries to shake the aroused sleuth awake, "Sherlock."
Warnings: Johnlock slash (Rating could go up), Unbeta'd, I'm not British, Bullying Mentions of drug abuse, AU
His smiles are genuine and begins to have hope that this one stays.
Trigger Warnings for this chapters: I don't think there are any? If you see any, please, please let me know!
about how Clara won't talk to her and how she was a complete and utter waste of space. He was happy he had to end the call to check on Sherlock. Speaking of, he sees his lovely sleuth but pauses when he comes just outside of the room when he hears the last part of her sentence.
notion. Though, that is exactly what John is doing.  He is missing all those things, yes,  but, above that, he misses the genius detective.
Notes: Sherlock may seem a bit OOC but I figured that if someone had been verbally tortured consistently throughout their life, you have a right to be a little bit hurt by someone you love. Yes, I'll let that escape now, Sherlock does love John but he is a little bit confused at the moment. Give him time, he'll make it :). I have this thing for crying Sherlock (I'm a bit of a masochist). It causes my chest to go all tight and heart to hurt... That makes me sound like a weirdo O.o Anyway, I'm rambling. I hope you enjoy the story!
As the annoying woman is finishing her sentence, John makes his way slowly up the stairs. Harry had went on, and on, and
By the time Sherlock has finished the self depreciated thoughts he finds himself in the kitchen in front of the mirror.
(See the end of the chapter for
John jumps, having not realized that the amateur detective had awoken, and spins to stare at the younger man through the room’s window. There Sherlock sat, every bit as disgruntled as John can remember, and pouts at his older brother, “Mycroft, why the hell am I still here?” The British Government genuinely smiles at his younger brother and says, “Surely you remember what you did to get here, brother mine.” Sherlock’s pout deepens, “I was perfectly fine! Shouldn’t you be out overthrowing a country, or something?” He pauses for a moment before his face turns into a fierce scowl. Knowing that he will not like the answer, Sherlock sarcastically questions, “So, how long will I have to stay?” Mycroft allows one more soft smile before he goes back to his cool demeanor, “Three days, but I will pull some strings and I will get you out sooner; however, I still want to keep you under surveillance.” Sherlock snorts, “As if you’ve ever stopped.” Mycroft gives him a pointed look and continues, “Now, you have two options. Either you come and stay with me for awhile,” at Sherlock’s immediate rejection, the elder Holmes pauses until Sherlock stops grousing and then continues, “Or, you can agree to allow a trained medical practitioner to watch over you.” Sherlock snorts, “As if there is any guess which I will pick. I’ll take the nurse, please.”
John only smiles at his threadmate and gently takes a larger hand in his own to bring up their joined hands to place loving kisses against the amateur detective’s pale digits. The blogger looks at him evenly, smiles, and says, “Could be dangerous. Tell me about the scene.” The amateur detective takes a moment to thank a deity he doesn’t believe in that he has met and fallen in love with John Watson. The ebony haired genius takes a deep breath as he begins to rattle off the details of the crime scene.
To find all bags neatly packed lined across the living room floor.
When both men are naked, Sherlock climbs back onto the bed and lays, on his side facing his soulmate. John turns to his side and places a warm hand on Sherlock's hip in which he uses to draw the irresistible detective in for another passionate kiss. Both men gasp when warm skin touches warm skin. The clever army doctor hand slowly reaches down to the sleuth's aching member and slowly pumps up and down, using his precome to slicken the way. The detective's eyes flutter closed and, with a sinful moan, he thrusts his hips in time with John's smooth stokes.
He can try to convince himself that everything is alright, or that he hasn’t completely broken some unspoken trust Sherlock has placed in him, but the lies he tells himself all come to a screeching halt one night, when John's eyes flash open and he rises quickly out of bed screaming due to nightmares of gangly, pale limbs that are crumbled, crushed that mingle with the odd sensation of falling.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock draws the repentant blogger into a warm embrace and then rests his head on golden-grey hair, “You will never lose me. I understand what you were trying to do, and all is forgiven, but you must realize that
When the car has stopped outside of the Diogenes Club Sherlock quickly makes his way to the back room in which his brother occupies. Once they are completely alone, Sherlock begins to speak, "I wish to marry John." Mycroft's ever smug expression slips only momentarily into one of confusion before it is firmly back in place when he replies with, "Of course, brother. Congratulations….What does any of this have to do with me?"
While ordering his coffee, Mycroft was able to deduce that this barista was only here to cover some of his university living costs, and was likely a first year that was studying something to do with crime (there was a small crime text-book poking out the top of his open bag), and that this teen was more closed than John. Mycroft tried not to let his annoyance register on his features.
Silence followed Gregory’s declaration, and a sour note of panic began to beat in time with his heart. Due to his head tilting towards the ground, ready for the horrible rejection of ‘no’, he wasn’t prepared to have a taller man try and bury himself in his arms, hiding a damp face into his neck and both tumbled to the ground and sat in the snow.
Needing to do something with his hands, Mycroft began to shuffle the small pile of stimulation – Sudoku, crosswords, a small book of puzzles purchased from the newsagent stationed in the hospital, and a few pieces of the easier a-level work he’d been assigned. He started by separating all the individual pieces of paper into piles, before latticing them (landscape, portrait, landscape, portrait) so that they could easily be re-separated. They’d likely be a mess again within a few hours as the nurses often moved the table for easier access to the fluid IV bags, tubes and machines to ensure they were full and working correctly.
At eleven, after checking the opening times religiously for the past hour (if Mycroft hated one thing it was waiting outside an establishment before it’s opening time and feeling like an idiot) Mycroft ensured that Sherlock was wearing his coat – a lot of protests – and had a few scientific books in his rucksack. Ensuring for a second time that Sherlock wasn’t wearing his jumper backwards or inside out, Mycroft ushered him out of the door.
“They said fifty percent,” Mycroft admitted, holding John tighter as the boy’s chest began to heave and body began to rock. Teeth chattering from the shock of the reality of death, John let out an ugly sob into Mycroft’s neck. “It’s the chance of a coin flip, Gregory, and I’m terrified.”
One of the cards wasn’t really a card, catching Mycroft’s attention. The piece of cardstock was unevenly folded in half with a drawing of a patched teddy on the front, a cursive reading ‘a scar is just a patch on the skin’.
“How did the exam go?” Gregory asked when Mycroft had taken a small bite of the chocolate cake and they’d each taken a few sips of their respective drinks. His head was tilted to the side with an expression of curiosity.
They’d see in a few years when Mycroft had completely reformed the government and bent it to his will – it was just bad luck that he’d joined the line-up as Britain was leaving the EU and presenting themselves as a prejudiced country.
“Of course.”
This chapter is full of hope, to contrast the absolute angst that was the last chapter! I'm sorry I'm slightly late (again), but I finished this when I should've been writing coursework so :D I hope you enjoy the chapter and please make sure to leave some feedback if you've enjoyed it (Kudos, Comments or both!!)
“I would have warned you that this was coming – even I should have noticed the signs. Just thought I was getting ill. You’d expect someone to notice when they’re about to step off the edge of a cliff but, despite all the clues, I never seem to realise.”
Together, the group of four began their walk home. Mycroft was quietly curious as to how close Gregory lived to him.
“I’m glad,” Gregory replied with a chuckle, rubbing Mycroft’s cheek and wondering if that was confirmation that the next thing out of his mouth would be a good idea.
“Crime and LGBT gave me cards to give you, and I strung them up. Irene made this beautiful one with a patched teddy bear and I’m pretty sure Mycroft has read through them since he’s been doing some snooping in the corner.”
He was quietly lead to a nondescript black ford, slipping in and slowly drinking the black coffee that A had placed in his hands. At least he had her.
“Well, you had the grades to get into Oxford,” Mycroft countered, knowing that it was unlikely that Gregory got anything less than three As at A-level. “And even so, you’ve pursued university because you wish to become a detective inspector, and you decided that Law was the best course of action for you.”
Mycroft was numb as he moved from the desk, walking towards his family and worrying his lip at the thought of them perhaps going from a family of four to a family of three. He didn’t know whether he was shocked that he accepted John’s broken form into his arms, but smoothed his hair gently regardless.
Mycroft took a seat on the uncomfortable plastic chair at the end of the bed, taking the doctors notes and reading through them, as the more comfortable visitor chair – Gregory and Mycroft agreed – was for John’s use only and was usually covered in something that John had left behind the previous day (currently a grey cardigan that Gregory had teased him about countless times). The doctor’s note read that little had changed except the slow, steady improvement that they’d been watching over the past four days. With a small nod at the survival percentage, up to a confident ninety percent, he replaced the clipboard.
“I didn’t know,” the girl whispered quietly, wincing as John just growled in response. Mycroft slowly pulled himself to his feet. “I’m so sorry- I didn’t know at all. I just thought it might cheer you up.”
It took thirty-four hours for Sherlock to be moved from Accident and Emergency, from
“Mycroft Holmes,” Gregory began quietly, gaining his boyfriend's attention. “Mycroft Holmes, you are the most beautiful man that I have ever met. You’ve made me smile more times than anyone else ever has, and you’ve known me a fraction of the time. You calm me at my most panicked, and you’re by my side when your words aren’t enough to soothe me. You look me in the eyes with such sincerity and say ‘I love you’ with meaning, unlike all those out there who claimed to, and you raise my spirit when it’s so low I can’t help but tread on it. You make a clear path through
Shaking, heaving, withering, Gregory suffered a horrendous breakdown a few days before their one-year anniversary. Wrapped in three soft blankets with damp skin, Gregory would whimper at even the slightest unexpected touch and would curl away, further and further into a ball, from human contact. He’d stare mindlessly at the wall and make pained moans if Mycroft tried to fill the silence with soft music or gentle ambient noises; sometimes he would allow the gentle touch of a cold cup of water to his arm, but this was usually not the case. Mycroft, reluctantly, could do little but sit in silence, waiting for the internal panic to decrease.
They placed their orders: Mycroft ordered a small salad for a starter, a five-ounce stake for his main and a small slice of cake for dessert; Gregory ordered a shrimp cocktail for his starter, hunters chicken for his main and an ice-cream sundae to follow; then there was the pitcher of American lemonade that sat in between them. At one point, Gregory placed his hand on the table and Mycroft covered it.
- Mentions of depression
“I’ll make tea, first,” he spat out, quickly jumping up from the floor and heading into the kitchen. The heart rate that Sherlock had managed to keep steady rose quickly, thudding heavily against his chest as he listened to the methodical sounds of John making two cups of tea. The clinking of a spoon against porcelain only somewhat calmed his nerves.
is shit, and I’d happily never ever go through this again. I’m so thankful you’re still here as life without you would just be weird.”
Having come back on the same day, at the same time, Mycroft had been very hopeful to see John again – he’d practically planned it so that he could see the teen! This, he determined, was the exact reason he refused to visit a coffeehouse more than once.
“No, I truly, truly mean it. I’ve had girlfriends, boyfriends, partners dump me in the past because I’d have a small panic attack in their presence, and yet you’re still here after
“I’m still sorry, you worried a lot.”
It was only later, as the visiting hours ended and John hooked his bag over his shoulder and began his walk home, that he received a text message.
- Self-blame and subconscious self-harm
Mycroft had returned to work after the first three days, and Gregory had to return to his third-final-year lectures so that he wouldn’t fall behind. John, however, had forgone lectures and seminars to stay at Sherlock’s bedside during visiting hours. One hand was always holding Sherlock’s scraped one, while the other one held either a novel (which he read out to Sherlock) or his phone.
The second vibration caught him more off guard than the first; his boyfriend usually avoided texting twice in a row. Still, he brushed it off and went about answering questions and enduring the endless comments about how he was surely too young for the role. He’d laughed them off and pretended they were a compliment on his looks rather than a sly comment on the state of Britain’s current political affairs.
“Of course, sir,” she said, and the clacking of the keyboard began the horrible thumping of a stress-induced headache. It ached behind his eyes, with it somewhat feeling like there were two metal poles being slowly pushed to either side of his skull. “Can I have their relations with the patient and why they are allowed access?”
that you wish to go back to that coffee shop you visited today and you want an excuse. Did you have a disagreement with one of the staff, or did you eat so much cake that you don’t want to be seen as a glutton? Hmm, disagreement from the slight flinch at the comment. I’ll come if you buy me honey on the way back.”
Mycroft faltered in his steps, and nearly stumbled in shock as his eyebrows furrowed.
“Hey,” Gregory murmured softly against his side, one hand rising to press against Mycroft’s cheek. Skin to skin, to try to reassure. It was slightly awkward, but Gregory did his best to look Mycroft directly in the eye from his angle. “I thought we agreed that I was the only one allowed to panic, ay? Hey, hey. It’s all going to be okay, Mycroft.”
Then there was the Daily Grind. Mycroft had originally been lured into the shop by the smell of strong coffee and sweet sugary treats and had been pulled back by a kind barista. “Will I be seeing you soon? You look like one of those Instagram teens who drink coffee twenty-four-seven and takes aesthetic photos without so much of a blink.”
“Mycroft!” Sherlock said with a tug on Mycroft’s coat. He’d somehow managed to slither under Mycroft’s arm despite having been at a table a few moments ago. “I would like a hot chocolate, and if there isn’t hot chocolate then your taste in cafés suck and I think we should leave!”
He was pushed into another black car that sped towards his brother’s hospital without giving him time to put on his seatbelt. Even if his presence meant that John would receive some news that it would be worth it; even if he only got to see his brother’s dying moments that would be infinitely better than knowing he was just too late.
Mycroft let out a few shuddering breaths, terrified that his brother could die any moment and he wouldn’t know until he got back to the UK. He stabbed at the screen, managing somehow to produce legible sentences.
“Mycroft’s opinions don’t count, as he is clearly stupid. And a glazed doughnut.”
“I shall buy you honey on the way back. As long as you do as you stated, as well as act on your best behaviour for the majority of the trip,” Mycroft decided and then recoiled when Sherlock spat on his hand. Sherlock had taken to doing this whenever he made an agreement as he’d seen it once on a TV show and had decided that it was, therefore, one of the unsanitary traditions of the general populace. Mycroft had tried to convince him otherwise, but Sherlock had repeated time and again that Mycroft was not a member of the wider community and so would not know their customs.
“I’m always here,” John murmured, having moved from the nurses’ station to beside Sherlock’s bed. He laid a gentle hand on Sherlock’s heart, and Mycroft was certain that Sherlock would’ve scowled fondly at the sentiment had he been able to move without pain. “And I make sure I’m here for at least three hours every night. Did you see the bear?”
Before he’d even realised he was on his feet, he’d approached the string and began to quietly read through each card. One of the cards, the largest, was from his A-level class. Sherlock would likely hate it; he disliked many of the people in his classes, and there was a distinct lack of empathy in the responses which was often just a name and the occasional impersonal phrase. Following this card was a trail of cards that had all come from the same envelope due to the identical fold they all had on their bottom right corner. They’d all come from the crime society, and clearly held some inside jokes as they contained substantial paragraphs of text rather than lacklustre niceties. One, from Sally Donovan whom Sherlock complained about constantly, contained a heartfelt paragraph about how his contributions made the society far more interesting – even if he could be an utter dick.
This stand-offish teen eyed him as he took his seat and began to read, and pushed him to close it again after barely an hour. Perhaps he would look through the windows in the coming days to see if he could spot when John was next on shift, but it was probably more likely that he never set foot in the establishment again. His novel was tucked back into his brown leather satchel, whose handle was carefully placed over his soft cotton jumper so that it didn’t twist in an angry snarl. With an awkward fidget – him rubbing the back of his neck – he got up from his seat.
Thanks,
The shop was mostly empty. There was the quiet chatter of a couple a few tables away from Mycroft and the soft whirring of the coffee machine as the barista made a macchiato for his break. Mycroft had ordered their drinks when he’d arrived about eight minutes ago, laid out neatly before him.
“Yeah, definitely,” Mycroft said with a gentle kiss to Gregory’s cheek. “You look absolutely beautiful. It makes me insanely happy to see you wearing my jumper.”
Taking to teasing Gregory, Sherlock liked to make kissy faces at him whenever him and John were at the coffeehouse and would throw comments about the pair finally getting together. John would sometimes add to the teasing during his shifts.
“So the only difference in his conversation with you is the intimate relations they now share? Absolutely delightful.”
To have finally finished his third year at university was a relief; he had a short summer of four weeks before he began his career as a civil servant and would slowly climb the ranks. Due to the two-hour commute to London – there and back again – Mycroft was disappointed in the lack of time he’d have to spend with Gregory, although he knew that it would probably help him study for his second year of university.
“Thank you,” Gregory muttered again. “I’m not up for it just yet, but in a couple of hours, I would really like a hot shower to make up for the lack of showers I’ve had this week. My hair is waxy, my skin is sweaty and I frankly feel disgusting – don’t even start me on the feeling of my teeth.”
“I bet they had sex afterwards,” Gregory laughed when he saw Mycroft’s nose twitch. With a soft slap, Mycroft whined about how he didn’t want to think about his younger brother having sex with his boyfriend and it would put him off his food. “It’s all John talks about – Sherlock this, Sherlock that, sex with Sherlock is fabulous.”
They’d stopped in front of Mycroft’s boss, and from the way, the man held himself it was bad news.
Sherlock’s private room was only just big enough to hold his hospital bed, bedside table and equipment, yet had been covered in splashes of bright colour: a blanket here, a jacket there. There was an ugly fabric chair in a garish red that sat to one side of the bed – opposite the equipment – along with an uncomfortable plastic seat at the end by the doctor’s files, a small kettle, sugar pot and a selection of tea bags were set on the bedside table so that John could make a drink once he arrived after university each day.
“Perhaps,” Mycroft replied with a chuckle.
“Nothing, don’t worry. Just something silly that Sherlock said that must have got into my head,” Gregory murmured quickly. “I’m sorry, just thought I’d get your opinions on the matter.”
- PAIN
“Hey love,” John whispered into Sherlock’s neck, savouring the opportunity to breathe in his boyfriend for the first time in months. It’d been far too uncomfortable to snuggle at the hospital, even in the later weeks when Sherlock had regained his mobility and was mostly free of tubes. “I need you to take some painkillers for me now, okay?”
They arrived at the staff change-over. Mycroft knew most of the staff due to his regular visits, but he was still weary around the stand-offish, punkish teenage barista that he’d spent an awkward afternoon with just a few months ago. Moody, the teen had never extended their conversation beyond the customer small talk that he was expected to make. And one couldn’t forget the judgemental side-glances that the barista would give him occasionally.
As well as the plush addition, there was a small vase of flowers that sat on Sherlock’s bedside table; considering their meanings, it seemed likely they were from John. In the small bouquet, there were three pink peonies to symbolise good health, a white calla lily for love, a singular purple hyacinth to ask forgiveness for not catching him at the bottom of his fall, and a small sea of white heather to indicate his plan to protect Sherlock.
“Nothing to do with John?”
“I never want to lose you, Gregory,” Mycroft confirmed, resting his own hands gently against Gregory’s hips, fingers playing with the soft fabric of his well-fitted coat (one Holmes trait had rubbed off on both boys; with Gregory it was the fashion and with John it was the curiosity and love for adventure).
Mycroft knocked on date nights. It was a small romantic gesture, and so he wrapped his knuckles on the wood while dressed in smart-casual.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Same reason I wasn’t.”
going to do better, even if just to please Mycroft. If Mycroft, a genius, could believe in him, then he could definitely believe in himself.
Mycroft, knowing the seriousness of the topic that John wanted to discuss with Sherlock, tugged Gregory from the room by his hands and took him outside to stand in the snow.
With a shuddering breath, John curled into Mycroft’s embrace and sobbed into his neck. The shaking that had slowly calmed increased into over-drive and his teeth chattered. Mycroft gave a pitying glance towards the barista, a mouthed apology, as he led the sobbing boy to a bench further into the café.
“Self-deprivation doesn’t suit you,” Mycroft mused. “I suspect you’ve done well, and even if you aren’t pleased with the grades you have two years to improve them. Think of your motivation as wanting to prove to everyone that you have what it takes to become a detective inspector.”
“I DO NOT care if you didn’t know,” John yelled, Mycroft’s hand clamping on his right shoulder. “I don’t care because these hickeys are indicative of a relationship, and the different shades indicate that it wasn’t a one-night stand and- and I only knew that because- Sherlock.”
“I’ll fill it out myself once I am sure my brother is safe,” Mycroft told them, eyes steeled. He’d hijack and fly the helicopter himself if he had to; he would stop at nothing to see his brother. His boss seemed to pause in thought for a few moments – Mycroft wanted to shake him and yell that his brother could have mere minutes – before giving a slight nod. Mycroft almost broke into sobs of relief.
During his work hours, Mycroft would send texts regularly, trying to appear extremely subtle which would make Gregory giggle. They had a running conversation throughout each day with short bursts of text messages and a longer relay during Mycroft’s lunch hour; the topic varied from day to day and from murder to politics to planning some aspects of their future.
Mycroft shook his pinkie.
As the soft white flakes floated down around them, coating the world in powdered icing, Mycroft spent his time looking into Gregory’s eyes, admiring the deep colour of them as he stared off into the distance.
Mycroft found no fault in his argument and quietly smiled towards the younger man. It was incredible how much the pair had grown together, and frankly impressive how loyal they were to each other; he’d never been gladder that he’d introduced the pair.
“So you’re jealous then?”
The pair loved their Thursday meetings; both looked forward to it with a grin plastered across their face and their friends (Gregory) and work colleagues (Mycroft) would sometimes question why. Mycroft had it circled viciously as the day approached, his small habit of circling the afternoon slowly ruining his diary. On Gregory’s side of the pond, his friends would notice the impossible increase in conversation based on his afternoons with his best friend.
Gregory grinned. “Thank you for this evening, Mycroft, I’ve loved it.”
, Christmas Eve, and Sherlock was lucky to have escaped the horribly boring walls of the hospital; frankly, he couldn’t wait to wash the smell of ever-present disinfectant from his skin.
Mycroft was grateful that Sherlock had a close friend, but he was somewhat jealous that John’s friendship with him had dwindled as a result.
Had he been braver, Mycroft might have considered asking the teen what his problem was.
It wasn’t a long kiss; long enough to be more than a peck but barely any longer. They separated, Sherlock, giving John a small, shy smile, and Sherlock resumed his playing with John’s fingers. From some lip reading, Mycroft could tell that Sherlock was confirming that he wasn’t too harsh, or clumsy, and John’s warm smile made him confident that this might just be the best thing for the pair. The pinning had been intense on both sides, according to Gregory.
Time changes people for the better, Mycroft decided.
A sharp vibration (and a hissed expletive that Mycroft would never admit to) broke the quiet, almost-mournful atmosphere. He stood, and said his farewells to John before adding, “John, you care for my brother more than I could ever afford to, and I know you’re short of money due to lack of shifts. Please allow me to provide you with some financial aid while you’re looking after my brother.”
Mycroft kept a meticulous eye on the time, and had gone through eight shortbread biscuits and five cups of coffee when Gregory came over which an apologetic smile. He moved awkwardly through the tables. “It’s finally closing time,” he explained, but Mycroft already knew that. About two hours ago, John had taken a seat with Sherlock and had started a discussion that Sherlock was mostly uninterested in – probably that girlfriend of his, then – and the rest of the café had been vacated about twenty minutes ago.
Mycroft didn’t cry. That was something that he’d never entertained the idea of, so the salty tears piling against his upper lip was a surprise. He leaned closer to his partner, gently gripping his hips. They were in this together, and they’d always be in this together. It took him a few minutes, but his hand eventually came to rest over Gregory’s where it rested on his cheek. “I love you.”
“A tea and a slice of chocolate cake for Mycroft,” Sherlock said before Mycroft could reply. “He really should be sticking to his diet, but he can never say no to a slice of cake.”
“Would you be opposed if they were?” Mycroft’s fingers twitched in anticipation.
Many people had brought ‘Get Well Soon’ cards to be displayed on the bedside table and window-sill. Mycroft, after three days, had unpinned all of Gregory’s revision – storing it away carefully – and replaced them with some of the nicest cards hoping it would help Gregory. There had been little evidence of such.
This was their habit; Mycroft would look over Gregory’s messier notes and make comments on what he had written, and clearing up as many of the margin question marks as he could. Occasionally, Mycroft would tut – more to himself – and mention how the textbooks were out of date and the criminal process was nothing like that anymore!
Sherlock was still mostly unconscious.
When the door opened to reveal Gregory – still shy despite the year, and dressed in black jeans and Mycroft’s jumper (dry-cleaned since) – Mycroft split into a wide smile. Unhooking his jacket from its peg, Gregory asked, “Ready to go?”
“Hey,” was the replied murmur, soft against John’s ear. The pleasant sound settled over their skin, the acknowledgement that all was going to be okay. Sherlock muttered something about the pains likely being psychosomatic (due to the trauma of the event) but held out his hand for the small white capsules that John popped from the packet. He swallowed them back, “I’m only taking them for you, Dr Watson.”
“Mycroft Holmes, I’m here for Sherlock Holmes?” Mycroft slurred and tried to focus himself by using the clicking of the receptionist’s mechanical keyboard. She confirmed the name before her face morphed into confusion. He spat out the words when he realised his error, “Sorry, Sherlock uses his middle name in conversation; his legal name is William Holmes?”
Gregory grinned to himself. “Mycroft Holmes, the most amazing man in the universe, will you do me the honour of marrying me?”
When he opened his eyes, the plane descending far too slowly, he noticed that his fingers were gripping tightly at the fabric of his suit trousers, tight enough to fray some of the fabric that he didn’t really care about. There was also surface level scratches on the back of his hand, the skin red and angry; he’d inflicted them sub-consciously in panic, or perhaps self-punishment.
There was a chaste kiss, quick as his co-workers signalled that it was time to depart. He sighed, stepping out from under the umbrella with a squeeze to the hand one last time. He took a shuddering breathe as the rain splattered against his shoulder blades. “Farewell, my love. To see you again soon is my deepest desire.”
From the arch of the receptionist’s eyebrow, he knew she was questioning their life-stories and was one word from recommending them sleep until Gregory’s glare caused her to stutter the location of one that was only a short walk from the hospital wards. While receiving some final information on Sherlock – chances had improved to fifty-five percent – Gregory led John outside for some fresh air. A few brief texts were sent to his superiors to apologise for the lack of notification on his current absent as he followed a little behind.
How had he missed that? He reached a hand into his blazer pocket and pulled out a napkin that hadn’t, thankfully, been used. Sure enough, there were eleven digits in a messy scrawl across the bottom of the napkin, along with the name ‘Greg Lestrade’.
but it had been recommended by most doctors as a simple infection could have a disastrous effect on Sherlock’s recovery.
It seemed his luck that Mr Moody was taking over from John; John had been laughing at something when they’d walked in, and was playfully hitting the older teen in the stomach – a height related joke – when he realised that the Holmes brothers were there. “Hey!”
“Thank you so much for caring,” Gregory murmured, hiding his face slightly against Mycroft’s thigh. “No one was ever caring enough to do this for me. Thank you.”
“If he dies, Mycroft, it’s all my fault.”
This particular afternoon, Sherlock had been texting John rapidly, texts shooting out like bullets from a rifle. Sherlock had packed and hoisted his bag onto his shoulder before he told Mycroft that they
Here is the second chapter, a day later than expected. Sorry about that.
Gregory was more curious than Mycroft, arching his neck so that he could get a better look, and murmuring a constant commentary that fell on death ears. Gregory mentioned something about staying out of view and observing the couple (?) for a while before confronting them and Mycroft was too conflicted to suggest otherwise.
“Would you please follow me, sir?” the security guard repeated as the fifteenth and sixteenth caused his phone to leap. Following the security guard, the texts reached twenty and the colour drained from his face.
His eyes clenched shut and he bit down on his lip hard to prevent himself from appearing too weak. “What is wrong with Master Holmes, sir?” Mycroft somehow managed to push out of the cage of his throat, it sounded surprisingly steady compared to how unstable he felt.
“He cannot recite the periodic table backwards without writing it down, which means that he’s inferior to my greater intellect,” Sherlock told the older barista with conviction and somewhat of a glare, and Mycroft nearly face-palmed through second-hand embarrassment. Remembering why he often avoided taking Sherlock to public venues, Mycroft somewhat pitied his younger brother for being unable to conceal his intellect which resulted in him being bullied for it.
“Well he is claiming to be in love with this new girlfriend of his despite them having only dated for a month, so I was wondering how long this disgusting state of ‘love-sickness’ will last before we can return to talking about normal things.”
The walk was fifteen minutes longer that Mycroft had anticipated and found himself conflicted as he walked into the coffeehouse. Both of the baristas he had met previously were on duty; John was there, but so was the awkward-encounter teen from the day before.
“Just interested,” Sherlock muttered, distracting himself from experiment by putting away his stationary and using some of his home-made, stickier blue tack to stick up some of his ‘revision’ notes in an attempt to please their mother.
Sherlock’s head had tilted slightly to the left, and his eyebrows had furrowed in confusion for a few moments. “Why do you want me to come with you – oh!”
“Sounds lovely,” Mycroft said with a bashful grin. He took out the few pens he’d place into his pencil case and took meticulous care placing each pen in its correct position so that he would avoid having to rearrange them later before bed, and carefully slid his textbooks into his satchel. “You should ring up my tab.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said in response, not realising what he said for a few seconds before his brain caught up with his absent-minded mouth. A heavy red blush lit up his cheeks, Sherlock pulling at the collar of his school shirt. “I mean, no – not at all Mycroft, how could you – I mean I’m just confused as to why – why – why … fine!” Sherlock face turned towards the floor as he sighed in irritation, and he was clearly thinking about whether John was going to waste their whole afternoon talking about that stupid girl, again.
“This is fine,” Mycroft said, quickly taking a slightly scolding but delicious sip of the black liquid with two sugars. “Excellent actually – and in answer to your somewhat question, research suggests that people remember what they have learnt more if they’ve written it down. And, I prefer the way notes look in a nice notebook.”
John was the barista’s name, a hip 16-year-old with a large smile, small stature and a military cut. He’d taken Mycroft back slightly as he hadn’t seemed the type to work in a small coffee shop, but the lad likely lived locally and needed a small job to earn some pocket money.
He caught up a few minutes later and laid his larger jacket over John’s shoulder in a form of physical comfort. They walked mostly in silence, and when they arrived Mycroft took it upon himself to order the drinks.
The soothing heat of late spring was comforting against his neck as they walked. Mycroft had always preferred this weather as it meant that he didn’t have to wear blazers, and it was socially acceptable for him to wear just a shirt, tieless and top button undone. It had never been a common thing, but Mycroft appreciated the option being open to him.
They’d been attached, almost like they’d been sown together, since somewhere between leaving his apartment and getting in the unmarked car. The solid grip indicated that there was no chance of Gregory letting go until he
At one point he’d actually been lucky; he’d had a delightful discussion about anti-war policy with a particularly witty politician from Germany, his stomach aching slightly from the laughter. That didn’t last. Soon, Mycroft had been ushered by his assistant A – she’d gone by a different name every month but they all began with an A so he assumed there was a correlation –to a dull proceeding with a Greek who was far too keen on slapping his shoulders.
One Thursday afternoon in early September Mycroft was sitting in the café waiting for Gregory to arrive. He was flipping through the dull Mirror which had been left on one of the café’s window-sills, trying to fill the time. It was full of horribly boring articles about celebrities and their children, infidelity and mildly more interesting sports commentary.
to. He swallowed.
Truthfully, Mycroft never returned to a coffee shop twice due to feeling socially awkward; he would stay until closing time and then feel horrible for wasting their resources despite having likely paid their rent through his coffee and confectionary consumption.
“No I didn’t think he would either, which is why I’m going to try my best, but it’s too difficult to put on a fake smile and resist breaking down when someone says ‘how are you?’ because ‘yeah, good thanks’ is far too far from the reality. I’m a mess; I haven’t showered in two days and I only did then because I didn’t want to stink out the ward too much. My hair feels disgusting, my face and hands are grotty, it’s just not something I can do right now.”
The two were bantering from behind the counter, joking with each other about John’s height and the other’s lack-lustre Sunday stubble. Mycroft approached cautiously and smiled slightly at John who grinned widely in return. “I’d like – “
It's better to keep disappointment at bay,
This success, did not last.
genius needs an audience. I wouldn't want to steal any members from your fan club."
Notes: This chapter is super short and I'm sorry! I didn't get to write yesterday. I was having a super bad day, and when I do that I write angst. I promised myself that this would end well and did not want to kill off the main characters when I was in such a bad mood. I hope you like this one though. Rating will possibly go up in the next chapter. I have to apologize though, there isn't a lot of dialog and because of that, It probably sucks. I plan to add more in the next chapters. Also, I haven't decided on this yet, but I may upload the next chapter today as well due to the fact that this one is so small. Let me know what you think! If you see any mistakes, let me know :).
If you are curious, I had a song in mind during the wedding It's called "Jealous" by Labyrinth (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXD52y9jsOU) or "Dancing on my own" Calum Scott's version (found here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BtGlvnbVun4).
Sherlock began noticing that Victor only came around when he had a paper due. Victor would ask for Sherlock's "help" and after the assignment was completed, Victor would leave his doting boyfriend with a vague excuse and would quickly exit the small the last day of classes rolled around, Sherlock brought this to Victor's attention, he got very defensive and an argument broke out. "I only ever needed you, because I wanted my work done for me. I saw how intelligent you were and I leapt at the chance. I never loved you! I don't even think you're attractive! Just look at you!" At that Sherlock visibly flinches and his eyes turn downcast. "You are far too thin, your hair is a mess, and you can't even keep a friend! You are pathetic! You wanted attention so badly, that you would have taken it from anyone! What a waste of space!" Victor walks away uncaring that he had left behind a shattered heart. Sherlock goes back to his room and takes out his old blade set.
Notes: I'm sorry for the Angst guys! Next chapter WILL be fluffy. I promise! Another thing... The threads are back! (They are staying too! :D) I'm not sure if I have mentioned it to you all, but I have to move the update days to Wednesday and Saturday. My life is going crazy and I've got too much on my plate at the moment. I hope, when all this junk is over, that I will be able to update sooner. Until then, please bare with me! I'm working on the story I swear! :D (p.s. I found that text about dying and biscuits on tumblr. I didn't come up with it unfortunately )
Notes: I made this one happier. I am trying :). I usually write angst but I couldn't stand, when going into this, ending this badly. So, the next one most likely will only have fluff. I hope you enjoy this! I worked really hard and had been writing all day and I though I'd post :D
-And last, but certainnly not least, all of YOU. You who were so kind and supportive. You guys who followed me on tumblr and FF.net. Those who gave kudos and left comments, you are my heros. Thank you so much for being so kind to me and my child of a story. Thank you from the very bottom of my heart. I love each and every one of you.
Also...There are certain things in this story that were determined from the very beginning. Certian things I wanted from the start. Without giving too much away, I want to say the words, Betrayal, Love, and Joy. These words and these chapters assosiated with these words have elements in them that were planned from the start.
But do they see the sadness there?
"SAFE?! I DON'T NEED PROTECTING FROM YOU!" Sherlock raises his head and glared again pointedly at John. "I could hurt you! Do you know how many times I have prayed for these images to go away? I needed something to believe in. So I prayed and prayed but I never got any answers. I then deduced it was because I am an evil person. Only someone as despicable as me would be punished by these images. You need to get away before you get hurt and it's because of me!"
The pair carefully makes their way to Sherlock's room in order for him to change out of his gross-smelling hospital clothing and into his silken pajama bottoms and his dressing gown. John helps him out of said disgusting clothes with red stained cheeks and eyes firmly locked on the plain wall in order to give his love some privacy. When the clothes have been replaced without to much embarrassment, John leads Sherlock back out and into the living room.
. In retaliation, the petulant detective crosses his arms over his chest with a huff, sticks his lower lip out in a pout, and turns away from John to glower at the wall. John lets a small smile grace his features for a moment for his adorable detective, but he quickly takes on a serious set to his shoulders and stance to convey to the child-like man that this discussion is a pressing issue and must be felt with. Sherlock takes moment to steel himself before John begins.
Out of every possible scenario John could think up last night before bed, Sherlock silently crying was not one of them.The other hand not occupied in John’s grasp covers his full cupid bows and his eyes clenched shut tightly as tears began trickling down his angular face. Just as John begins to panic, giggles begin spilling past Sherlock’s lips in what sounds to be pure joy. Through the tears, Sherlock smiles softly and says, “I’ve been in love with you all this time.”
When John was five, like many young little boys, curiously questioned the threads existence. “Why is it there? What is if for? Can I get tangled up in it if I trip?” His parents answered each question with a laugh and loving smile. His mother looked into his father’s eyes and placed her hand on top of his. John noticed that the red thread connected them together. “The threads may tangle, they can knot, and they can twist, but they never break. With time.” His mother continued “When your mate dies, the thread disappears but the love never leaves. You will always be connected to that person.”
in fact have a heart and it had been currently wrapped in explosives. When they had effectively escaped, and returned safely back to Baker Street, it really wasn't surprising how they eventually got together. John and Sherlock both lunged at the other in a flurry of limbs which resulted in tangled appendages and clashing teeth. When they had finally calmed down, it was decided that they would continue with this relationship albeit a bit slowly. Sherlock was unused to the sensation of having a real relationship and John had to get over the fact that he was now with a man.
That’s how they end up here. John procures their finer whisky, grabs two glasses, deposits one into the detective’s hand, and the drinking begins. The dancing is just a nice perk of the drinking, really. John would never admit it out loud, but it was moments like these that made him realize with an alarming clarity that he loves the other man so fiercely.
I am freeeee! Not because of the fanfiction. I've been so busy lately, I hastily read through this (so if you find tons of mistakes, that's why) so that I could post. I run a little Etsy shop and I received two new orders and they took up my time. Also, to teacupsandspoons, I didn't have time to fix any of those wonderful things you told me about, so for that I apologize. Hopefully I'll eventually get around to fixing them. Also, this chapter is super long for me... O.o I couldn't think of a way to split it up, so...have a long chapter!
That mirrored hope gives him the courage to finally fucking talk to the other man, “What I mean, Sherlock, is that I want to grow old with you.” He pauses briefly to stifle the last of his reservations before continuing, “What I’m trying to say is that I am in love with you. Have been for years now.”
Sherlock turns quickly and stares at a nervous John Watson, wide-eyed and speechless. Mycroft mumbles something about coming back in an hour for the ebony haired man’s answer, but he goes unheard and leaves without the two men’s acknowledgement. With the elder Holmes’ departure, all the air seemed to vacate the premises. Sherlock was the first to break eye contact as he whispers, “I’m sorry, John.”
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
Despite himself, John can feel laughter bubble up inside him. He turns his head to hide his grin but his shoulders shake with silent mirth. Much later, the blond man would realize that that was the point of this entire endeavor.
, bastard."
"Okay, look up. I'm on the rooftop."
When the duo arrives at St. Barts, John slowly makes his way to the entrance. He has had bad experiences with this hospital and being here now brings them to his foremind. John shakes his head to dispel the dark thoughts circling in his mind and opens the door for Sherlock. As they make their way down to the morgue, Sherlock begins fidgeting and biting his lower lip due to his nerves. When questioned about his odd behavior, Sherlock would only reply vaguely.
Special Thanks: QueenLadyAnne, my extremely wonderful, fantastic, and extraordinary beta. She always gives me such wonderful advice and encouragement!
It all really started after The Pool. John had began to notice something distinctly odd about Sherlock. Sherlock would freeze up suddenly, or this unknown expression would suddenly cross his face when he would touch certain objects. When questioned, he would brush John off with an, "It's nothing" or "Don't you have something better to do?" John would shrug it off and continued on his way because it was better to stay ignorant than to invoke Sherlock's wrath.
Notes: I'd like to draw attention to chapter one for a moment. At the beginning of this fic, Sherlock isn't the young Sherlock at age 16-19. He is a lot older and has met John. Just wanted to point that out. That will be important later on. I want to say THANK YOU! To all the people who Favorited and started fallowing this story! You have made this pitiful writer's day :). I hope to upload a chapter a day. Some days I will forget and then I will upload two. I have a lot of the stories written in advance. Please comment! I need to know what you guys are thinking!
It felt like the second coming when finally they could see blue, grey as that blue turned out to be. The wind was still fighting them, but felt as if it had begun to get tired and no longer had a heart for it. John let himself slump against the wall, leg aching and heart nearly palpitating. Slowly let his lids fall over his eyes and he took in deep breaths, attempting to calm himself. After what could have been seconds or perhaps minutes, he reopened his eyes. The sky was much clearer, though there was still many a sign of the storm, and he knew that it had not passed, they had merely passed it.
"Oh," John said yet again. "thank you. I... I shall look into it."
"It's time to investigate, Watson."
The wind hit against the hull, rocking the ship slightly and blowing the sail with great ferocity. The ship was built soundly and there was no real danger, but the newer passengers could be seen wobbling and holding on to the walls and railings in fear and doubt. In the early dawn, standing at the helm, was John Watson, veteran and former war doctor, now the co-captain of the SS Reichenbach. As the captain came in from his short but heavy sleep, he stepped back for him.
John sighed, exhausted by the thought of the storm and waiting for it to pass. They sailed forward for what must have been just under an hour, then sailed back in the other direction for longer. There did not seem to be anymore lightning, fortunately, and as they travelled the thunder became quieter and quieter until John was quite sure that it had disappeared.
The tea was a comfort. Sherlock had been correct- of course- in his assumption. In all the time he had spent avoiding Mr. Holmes, he had somehow forgotten to live at all. The tea had all but disappeared from his life during the past few days, along with the moderately stale scones he was partial to and any enjoyment of his work.
"How has she been holding up, Watson?" He asked, gripping the wheel.
She frowned and looked as if she wanted to argue, but thankfully she did not, and he was able to make his way successfully to the door. He hesitated as he raised his hand to it, then rapped on it with his knuckles. There was a small pause in the playing before continuing on as if no one has knocked at all. John tried again, and this time the music stopped for more than a second. A loud sigh came from inside the room, followed by heavy footsteps.
"Oh, hello, Mr. Holmes," He found himself saying. He approached the other man a little hesitantly, using his cane as little as possible. "Started investigating now, have you?"
"Tea?"
"Why of course not," She replied sounding authentic this time. "I already know."
"Captain Watson!" Sarah Donovan said loudly to him. She was a member of the guard on the S.S. Reichenbach and he had had little issue with her in all the time she had worked there- in fact, he had no reason to see much of her at all. "I cannot work with this man. He should not be allowed as part of any society, and he should not be allowed around me. He is only fit to be a-" She sucked in a breath, eyes flaring in anger and mind grabbing for words. "a freak!"
"I want to get off, Captain Watson," Hilda Hope called out to him, reaching out her fingers to pull him nearer. Fat tears were blooming from her eyes. "He's ruined everything."
With a scraping noise of wood pushing harshly against gravel, the figure grew to its full height and left the shadows. John felt his eyes widen considerably and uncontrollably. He was a tall man, much taller than himself, dressed in a long black coat, with black curls of hair on the top of his head. It may have looked striking if the hair had not been matted and wild and the long black coat draped over his altitudinous figure, twisted and smeared with dirt. His eyes were bloodshot and his skin pale as if his veins were carrying nothing at all. The blue scarf around his neck was drooping off of him and had a dark stain on it that he didn't wish to think about. He looked clearly annoyed as if this all bored him, but John thought it was unrealistic to think he could focus enough to even be bored. His reddened but still somehow sharp eyes locked on John and moved down his form quickly.
"With Mr. Anderson and Mrs. Hooper?"
"I am Sherlock Holmes," He replied with a tone that John thought he enjoyed a little too much. "The man with the ability to have you incarcerated."
"No," Sherlock replied. "I haven't begun at all yet- but I plan to. Mycroft would never stop messaging me if I didn't."
He tried to hide his surprise and significant annoyance, but he knew it shined through enough for her to be absolutely amused by it.
The sky was clear and it seemed as if it would remain so. He had checked it as soon as getting back on deck, and then had done so several more times mainly just out of habit. He had little to do, something that occasionally felt like a blessing, but more than he liked to admit, bored and annoyed him out of his mind. It was only sane for him to be glad to have such a calm job, especially after the injuries he had witnessed in the army. He hated to admit that while he did often think about the contrast of his life now and then, these thoughts were not always followed with the obligatory relief of changing things and getting out of the danger. He checked the sky's conditions once more.
"I... I think it's best if you just go and look."
"I'm sorry," John said more forcefully. "but that cannot be arranged. He is on this ship until Mycroft Holmes tells us that he is not and there isn't a thing any of us can do about that. You will work with him, I'm sorry, but you have to."
"Yes, that is true," Lestrade replied. "and it is. You have a fine amount of guards and well trained ones at that. I'm still getting acquainted to everything, but you should be proud of what you have here."
It sounded more polite than fully true, but John smiled anyway. It had been a long time since anyone had given him a compliment outside of very polite conversation.
"Are you just planning on standing there then?" Sherlock said, looking down at him. "I assume you've come to ask me of my intentions or to berate me for whatever small chaos you believe I've caused." He stared at him when he didn't respond. "Well?" Another thought crossed his mind. "Have you messaged my brother?"
"P- please, Mr. Watson," She choked out. Sybil yerked her head up, along with her hand, eliciting a groan from Hilda. "Please."
John spent his time that night as he spent most of his time- pacing the ship, making sure everything was running smoothly and there was no harm done to any of the crew or passengers. When his watch had alerted him to the fact that three hours had passed since midnight, he had taken over for the captain, letting him gain as much sleep as he could for the night. Usually the nights were peaceful, excluding mainly just natural anomalies, such as storms. He had no problem with focus on most nights, concentration coming easy in the dark, steady night. This one, however, was not bringing out the best in him, and he felt less like a captain than ever. The star filled sky could not hold his attention, and the wheel felt like nothing under his hands.
"A storm is moving in," He told him with no pause once reaching the helm.
"I..." His hand tightened on the door handle. "Hurry up." Quickly, he backed out of the room, slamming the door in front of his face. His heart was pounding within his chest and he wasn't sure how to deal with what he had just witnessed.
"Captain of the guard?" John questioned him incredulously. They had not had a captain of the guard since the very first trips on the The Reichenbach. Their guards from then on had mainly governed themselves, and had been doing a fine job of it. More curious, was the fact that this man was not the one he had been told to retrieve, and that they had only spoken to them about a single new passenger.
"Today's the day, is it not?" She said with enough feign innocence to make him actually crack a small smile. "It's gotten the ship quite curious."
There, once more, was that edge of a smile, and it shocked John no less than it had moment ago when he had seen it first.
"No, I believe it is we who must trust you to keep the ship going well."
"I've seen how the workers all look at him, as well," The captain continued. "There is a belief that he's some type of mad, but there's respect in their faces as well. I suppose that's from threats."
"Co-captain," John responded, a little late.
"I will say nothing," He refused, three words he deeply regretted as soon as they left him, for he knew they proved her right.
"Oh please." The door opened again. "This is going to be dull."
He couldn't shake the feeling that something was about to go terribly wrong- there was a feeling of dread on the air he was sailing through. He knew it was paranoid and far beyond reason, and so he tried to overlook the heavy feeling in the pit of his stomach. He was not convinced that it was a feat that he could follow through with.
"Message my brother," Sherlock said, bringing his gaze to John. With this, he spun back to face away from them all, and went back to his room. As soon as the door closed, John could hear the violin start up again.
"Yes, I believe I do," She said confident with a smile shaded with mystery. "It's a Holmes."
"He's solved numerous cases already and he's hardly been onboard a week." He made a slightly amused expression and added, "though by all the complaints you'd be sure to think it months."
He had received back word from Mycroft Holmes and it did nothing but make him wish that he knew the man enough to understand how his words were expected to be taken. It was written rather casually but this was not a casual accusation or a casual imprisonment, and he himself was not a casual man. He could read it as angry or exhausted or pitying or even as someone talking a small delusional child. It maddened him that he did not know what this man was trying to get across and so did not know what to expect when he would see him just the next day to take Mr. Hudson away. He considered for only a moment asking Sherlock what he believed his brother thought about the matter, but after just a moment of thought he decided it was best not to ask anything of Sherlock.
He cocked his head in the direction of the words to see Sherlock coming onto the main deck, two guards behind him.
Feeling distant and strangely perplexed, he led the man down below deck and to his quarters, though he wasn't sure he could call it leading as Sherlock was, once again, in front of him. As they reached the door that hid the small space Sherlock would stay in, John slowed. Sherlock reached the door and opened it with no hesitation, instantly going in.
They stood their ground on the journey which became more dangerous and less stable with every turn of the wheel. Hands gripping at the wood, they tried with all they could muster to not be flung forward. John pulled at the rope, lowering their position in the sky, in the hopes that they could find the bottom of this hell they were attempting to fly through. Alas, there seemed to be no end nor a bottom to this storm. Time passed as slowly as if they had had to smith it themselves, fighting against the wind and squinting through the fog. Checking his watch once more, John found that it would be time dock soon. He considered voicing this to the captain, but thought better of it, letting him focus on navigation and survival instead of errands.
"Yes," Lestrade replied easily. "Mycroft Holmes has assigned me to to tighten security on his ship. I'm also accompanying Sherlock."
"The new passenger, Sherlock Holmes, is causing quite a ruckus," He told him with a small sigh.
With these words, Mr. Hudson's face turned from red to a soggy white, and his eyes widened in fear. He opened his mouth to speak again, and then instead when into his room, slamming the door behind him.
"Know what, Watson?" He asked, face nearly unreadable. "That you needed tea or that you drink Pekoe?"
It came to no shock when he discovered that the room that held whatever was producing this music was none other than Sherlock Holmes' himself. He did not get to it before his attention was called and his thoughts interrupted.
He turned from his wheel to see the captain standing near to the helm.
"That Sherlock Holmes," Captain Brookes was saying, shaking John out of a daze he had not even known he was in. "seems to be becoming an asset. Do you agree, Mr. Watson?"
They would be docking that day, though they had only a handful of days before. This time, however, they were not getting supplies or even newly trained officials and their personal cargo, or dropping off old supplies and old passengers, but picking up a singular, very significant man. This was sure to cause a stir among the passengers so they had not spoken to any of them about the reason for this stop, but the docking itself was sure to cause it anyway, as it always did.
His ears could pick up deep tones of music, and as he walked it became louder and louder to the point of actually being obnoxious. The music would not have seemed such an issue on its own, but as it was accompanied by the cries and angry shouts of other passengers, John determined it to be a problem indeed.
"Oh."
"No, I don't believe so," He replied. "I think it's best to not delve back into the storm. We shall wait. I'm afraid, however, we'll be waiting quite a time."
"Well, Watson, of course that's the most impressive," He replied. "A man like Mr. Hudson and those sorts of substances, it does seem more major. These cases he's solved, though, the smaller ones, they may not be nearly as impressive, but I do respect a job well done. He's brought productivity of the workers up merely by being present and able to tell when someone slips out to Mrs. Adler. He has a hawk's gaze, that man."
"Should we turn around?" John asked, not liking the idea, but willing to accept the captain's decision if it was justified.
The air felt different on the main deck, and somehow he felt older. He could not imagine anything yet to come this day, even with the excitement of the morning passed. It was sure to be a passing problem that would not trouble their stagnant time. He could feel his mind preparing itself to wander as his eyes inspected the slightly splinter wood at the edge of the ship. He checked the sky's conditions again.
"That certainly is good for the ship," John agreed, though he wasn't sure if the best use for Holmes' talents was staring at crew members.
"Ah, I've slept enough," He told him easily. "I'd like to say it's your turn now, but I'm afraid there's an issue you need to deal with."
"An issue, sir?"
He opened the door with no hesitation and was not prepared. In front of him stood Miss Hilda Hope, in a vulnerable state. She stood, half slumped against the wall, legs wide, half naked. Her face was twisted with the agony of physical and emotional pain, a mask that John had never witnessed before and hoped never to again. Below her was her older sister, Sybil, crouched there with a serious yet worried look. The lamplight from the hall behind the door flashed against the thin metal branching between the hands of Sybil and the underneath of her sister. Hilda's eyes opened and widened with terror as soon as they noticed and recognized him.
"Is there, uh, well that is to say," He said suddenly, tripping on his words as they failed to rouse the other man to shift his gaze. "is there anything I could give you any assistance with?"
His attention moved off of Sherlock and it was only then that he noticed the other man who had yet to speak.
"Excuse me," His voice cut through the barrier now between them as if with a jagged knife. With an air as if he had nothing he wanted to do less, Mr. Holmes tilted his face to look back.
"And the accusations Mr. Hudson spoke of," He continued. "were all true- though I believe you already knew that. You'd have to be an idiot not to."
"Mr. Holmes," He greeted him moments later once he had decided there was no escaping the situation. After a few moments of silence and peering, he added, "I've heard you have impressed the captain quite a bit recently."
The guardsman, Mr. Anderson, looked highly annoyed at this comment, something John couldn't blame him for, and he began to retort when Sherlock easily cut him off.
Sherlock straightened out of his slump, no longer supported by the wall, and began to walk, suddenly leading them. John walked behind him and watched how the man came aboard the ship as if he had been on it for ages. He stopped at the railing, hands tight on the wood.
Mr. Anderson looked for a moment as if he were going to open his mouth and refuse, but after a wavering few seconds of standing, facing the expectant man, he turned away and came to terms with his task.
"That's amazing!" John cut off his rapid speech and was surprised by both of their outbursts. He felt a little violated to be honest, but the accuracy and skill he had just witnessed was beyond words. The other man looked a little surprised as well for a moment, then it passed and disappeared into his once again blank and bored face.
"Molly Hooper," He said now, addressing the other guard in such an informal way it made John extremely uncomfortable. "Fetch me a hook."
"No you don't," Sherlock murmured as John turned away, as if he couldn't help himself.
"I doubt it will," He replied, then shook his hand and left again. John found himself wondering the meaning of such a reply.
His curiosity was spectacularly present, but he did not linger on the subject for long. The ship felt sturdy under his feet and he could see the sun behind them, hidden only slightly by a dense cloud the captain had recently maneuvered around with ease. The wind moved across his experienced face like a low sigh, and his eyes searched the ship for misdeeds. Reichenbach was not a sinful ship- there was occasional gambling and the pleasures provided by The Woman, but those were simply gentlemen's fancies- and so he did not exactly expect any sudden debacles, but he searched for it anyway, examining the ship with his eyes and leaning heavily on his strong cane.
He had an expression on his face that John took to mean both "there's hardly a thing I care about less" and "I dare you to tell me I should". John shifted his weight uncomfortably, only just noticing Mrs. Hooper had been behind him. Gaze gliding over the area now, he could also see Mr. Anderson crouched several feet away from them, staring at the wall.
"Every four hours you have a spills on your shirt or pants, and usually an expression much less confrontational than the one you're currently wearing." He looked away to inspect the object Mrs. Hooper had been patiently holding next to him. "Your clothing has all been unmistakably cleaner and drier than usual." John felt himself flush at these words.
He paced back and forth on the deck, feeling as if his skin itself was too constricting. He sighed as he moved past the same mark on the wood over and over again. This time, just before the day started, was the always the hardest to keep himself concentrated on his work. There was a sort of indescribable longing that gripped him too tightly. He took in a breath and attempted to banish it.
"I am correct," She added. "You can say I am."
"Ms. Adler," He responded, tipping his hat with a small gesture and a serious, slightly tired, expression on his face.
The day went slow, but not too much slower than the ones before it had. The crew was working smoothly and passengers were not up in arms enough to become a true problem. The winds had sped up more but other than the flapping of his coat, John hardly noticed it. The clouds and darkened, however, and he did notice this development. His feet and cane brought him to the captain again, knowing the other man was known for becoming part of the worn wood surrounding him if allowed to, and losing his individual focus. He was a good captain, John admired him for this, but he had a tendency to look past the danger and forget that the chaotic beauty he often revelled in was also something to fight against or at least prepare for.
John felt himself prickle in annoyance and offense. Michael, on the other hand, did not seem bothered in the slightest. To John's utter surprise, he actually laughed. After considering responses, John decided not to answer him at all, speechless from the confusion this man was forcing upon him. He was startlingly hard to understand, and, even after such a short meeting, John felt it safe for him to assume that he never would.
"I am not the one that 'nearly gave Mr. May a heart attack'," He said. "I believe that would be his wife."
He saw his lips twitch very slightly before turning his face in the direction of Mr. Anderson and Mrs. Hooper who were watching him like a superior as well as a little as if he were a very feisty child they were being made to watch over.
"I... I suppose so," He replied, still defensive.
"I'd hardly say I was investigating with them," He replied. "more like leading them behind me and hoping they pick something up."
"You aren't going anyway imparticular," He told him. "You've been wandering the ship, your fingers on your left hand are slightly dented from tapping them on your cane in boredom, and you've just turned in the direction that you were coming from when I arrived."
It was quiet on the main deck, too early for anyone to be up quite yet, and he couldn't imagine what kind of a ruckus could possibly be occurring. As he descended into the lower parts of his ship, the strain to his imagination instantly evaporated.
"I was attempting to play a song and it apparently bothered some of these..."
John nodded. "I'll begin my rounds, then."
"I'm sorry, but-" He did not finish before he was pulled yet another way.
"I'm Sherlock's acquaintance," He answered, to which Sherlock rolled his slightly dead looking eyes with another noise. "I know him, I mean, and when I heard that you were the captain of the ship he was going onto I offered to come. I'm support I suppose- and a good man to have around if a health issue arises." His eyes flickered to the still impassive Sherlock.
This passing conversation skimmed along the surface of his mind as he tended to his duties. It most likely meant nothing, but the phrasing had felt off somehow. John found it hard to believe that is was just a casual remark, even as he tried to keep himself from becoming paranoid. He walked about the decks, inspecting what he should, speaking when necessary, and he felt the time pass like it was dragging on and on, and felt it pass as if it had only been moments. He was feeling a strange exhaustion when he heard a very familiar deep voice say, "No, that doesn't make any sense at all."
"What, sir?" He had to ask, damning his lack of concentration.
As he passed the passengers many of them would gossip hurriedly or greet him with the obvious hope of getting extra information. The exception seemed to be The Woman. She flashed him a smile he couldn't quite call sultry, as he had seen her at her best. She was leaning against the wall with an air of simple seduction, bodice showing just enough to be improper. He was still not entirely sure how she had ever gotten onto the ship, but it was well-known that she had the money to pay (which she did without any word of it) and that taking her off the ship, or threatening to, would surely cause nothing short of a riot. The men, and even the woman, all loved her, a strange phenomenon that even touched the captain. John felt an empty neutralness for her, annoyed occasionally by her crass, but generally finding not but a thing wrong with her enough to lose her any kind of privilege that they could take away.
Mr. Watson turned murderous eyes on his children, as if they were the ones at fault, and quickly turn around and slam the door as he exits. As soon as John finally allows on painful whimper to escape past tightly clamped lips as Harry tries to comfort her brother. Past her own tears, Harry manages to stutter out, “C-come on, Johnny. We need to get you out of here.” The two teenagers stumble out of their decaying home in search of help.
But John has made it perfectly clear that he doesn’t really care about him. No, John
"Sherlock, we need to talk."
When they separate John slowly withdraws one button from Sherlock's tight shirt slowly, so as not to scare him off, and when seeing a slight nod from the cautious detective, proceeds on to the next. When the shirt has been completely unbuttoned and lay pooled on the floor, John places his hands on Sherlock's warm skin and leads him to the bed. He gently pushes Sherlock into a seated position and he takes off his own shirt to give Sherlock a semblance of equality. He begins to work on his trousers but Sherlock knocks his hands away and unbuttons the top button and pulls down the tab. When John stands before him in only his pants, Sherlock stands up and quickly removes his own trousers.
And the broken man finally bears his heart for the very first time.
him!.” She laughs without humor as she begins walking around the Consulting Detective’s bound body, “To find out he felt the same was just simply perfect, though! I knew just how to break you just as you broke me. I knew how to bring the mighty, indifferent Sherlock Holmes to his knees, and it was so easy!”
When the sobs have subsided, and the shaking has stopped, only then does Sherlock lift his head and look at John. "I'm sorry." John looks at him for moment before he takes him into his arms again and kisses his forehead. "I forgive you but I want to know what happened back there? What was all that about?" Sherlock takes in a shaky breath and tears spring up in his eyes again. He looks away and whispers, "I'm a very evil person, John."
John would return home after each day and methodically clean his gun. He had done this countless times before in the army, but each day when he would withdraw it from its hiding place, it had become a hardship to place it back. He would lie away at night, staring up at the ceiling, wondering why he continued with the charade. He lived, but his world was gray, dull, and colorless. He hated it. By now, John had lived a miserable existence of 34 years.
Two weeks pass, which are filled with the preparations for the upcoming Moriarty trial. Each major Newsstand holds a paper detailing the trial's date, time, and where it would be held. When the court day had finally arrived, Sherlock and John both exit the flat, in their best suits, being trailed by '
Sherlock can read the terror of the evening and an overwhelming fear on John's expressive face. Sherlock slowly grabs John's hand and places it over his beating heart. John leans forward and lightly presses his lips to cupid-bowed ones.
"I do need you. I love you."
' medical men clearly didn't know true brilliance like his doctor John did.
Trigger Warnings for this chapters: Character Death, noncon touching, noncon kissing, noncon drug use, sort of molestation (I think). I think that's it. I am always trying to look out for people, so if you see anything that needs to be tagged, let me know, please.
Trigger Warnings for this chapters: Mentions of drug use.
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock. Sherlock belongs to its respective owners.
Those words in particular hurt the most. People always assume that Sherlock doesn’t have a heart or can’t possibly have any feelings due to the fact that some deity or almighty creator decided that Sherlock doesn’t deserve a soul mate.
By the time John finished his tirade, he was panting and his face was red, but as his dark blue eyes bore into Sherlock's watery, verdigris gaze, a voice in his head
"Just do as I ask. Please." Something in Sherlock's tone makes John comply and he walks back to the pavement where he had stood previously. "Where?" John asks before Sherlock chokes out, "Stop there."
keeps him from calling off the entire thing. If John needed any more proof that Sherlock did not care about him
"You idiot." Sherlock blinks at John's declaration. '
To cope with the pain of her past and all the hell she had gone through, Harry combats the negativity with synthetic joy. For a while, Clara didn’t notice a difference in Harry’s mood. Harry had always been affectionate and happy with Clara before the alcohol, so nothing, at first, seemed amiss. However, when the couple had attended a funeral and Harry giggled and smiled around the grieving family, Clara finally picked up that something was wrong. When Harriet overdosed on the emotion that cemented the idea. Clara knew that her marriage was in shambles. She had stayed because she had hoped that after Harry stopped drinking, Clara had hoped that her wife would return to the person she had fallen in love with, but now, things looked too bleak. As the letter continues, Clara expresses her sorrow and grief at losing her wife to yet again to another form of addictive substance. She concludes with a desperate plea for John’s assistance.
When Sherlock only continues to remain oblivious John sighs and begrudgingly states, “Mary Morstan and…you.” The only reply John gets is a rapid fire blinking from the other man. After several long minutes and this has not ceased, John begins to worry. After repeating the detective’s name several times, Sherlock finally snaps out of it and haltingly inquires, “So, in fact… Y-you mean that I’m your best…”
were being particularly cruel, he came home crying. Sherlock took up his place in front of his bathroom mirror and looked on in disgust. He looked at his red rimmed eyes, flushed cheeks, wild, untenable hair and
love Sherlock and Sherlock
“Of course! We’re going to be just fine!” Harriet answers with a confident smile.
John stares dumbly up at Sherlock, briefly wondering who could make this man believe that he was some kind of monster. Suddenly Sherlock's passive behavior at crime scenes made since. Why care about people when you believed that you were some beast that would only destroy those closest around him. Next time someone said Sherlock was heartless, they would get punched.
Slowly, his eyes open and he stares up at his surgeon and he desperately utters out a choked, “Mary,” before unconsciousness pulls him under once more. The next thing he clearly remembers—although everything is still fuzzy around the edges—is Mary’s singsong voice demanding, “Sherlock, don’t you dare tell John,” before, once more, succumbing. When he wakes up the third time, he knows that he will stay lucid and coherent until he himself is ready to sleep. He looks to his right and there sits Janine. After a, surprisingly, tame conversation, Sherlock decides that Mary must be found and that it is time to leave, but first, he needs to go to the flat to move some furniture around. He gets away so easily. ‘
As soon as the elder Holmes laid eyes on the other hollow-eyed man, his expression morphed into something ugly. Mycroft’s usually impassive expression was overtaken by sheer resentment and anger. The elder man did not try to school his face into something civil as he walked up to the repentant blogger and turned his intense, omniscient gaze on John.
As soon as the vehicle stops, John throws the money at the cabbie, waits long enough for the taxi to speed away, and then he is pulling out his Sig and begins to walk slowly into the building. He has his gun drawn as he first steps through the debris. He manages to walk a short distance until he suddenly hears more gunfire.
. You had denied our connection. I felt as though you agreed with what he said. Back in school, I was just the threadless freak. The threadless freak that was told that he wasn’t good enough for his mate. In that moment they were all right. I love you very deeply, John. I don’t want to lose you.”
Anyway! This concludes Before the Fall! I hope you enjoyed this ride because I sure did! I am very proud of this fanfiction and I want to thank each and every one of you for commenting, bookmarking, and giving me kudos. They are such blessings for me. It's so encouraging and it makes me so happy, so with all the sincerity I can muster.... THANK YOU!
Mycroft nods his head, “Of course, brother mine. Do not hesitate to call, and please call Mummy. You know how she worries.” Mycroft walks toward the doorway and lingers there for a moment before quietly saying, “Also…your loss would break my heart. Please, do try to take care of yourself.” With that, the British Government leaves the room.
Sherlock watery smile makes John heart clench. "I love you too, John."
When the tears refused to stop falling and the detective’s eyes turn to disbelief, John lets out a remorseful sigh and pulls a chair up beside the bed. John no longer tries to reach out and touch the ebony haired man, keeping a safe distance between them, as he softly says, “Sherlock, listen, what I said to you, I didn’t mean. I will never mean it. I was angry and, like the idiot you so often tell me that I am, I said something I will always regret until the day I die.”
Sherlock and John were running down darkened alleyways trying to catch a murder who had already killed twice before. In the end, the perpetrator’s capture was anticlimactic. The dynamic duo cornered the killer at a dead end, and with one swift tackle delivered by Dr. Watson the murderer was neutralized. As Lestrade and the rest of New Scotland Yard arrived to arrest the killer, the amateur detective and his loyal blogger were giving their statements to another officer. When they had finished, as per usual, Sherlock basked in the knowledge of another case solved by indulging in several pleased smiles. His face fell, however, when he heard what Sergeant Donovan had to say to Anderson: “He really does get off on it. Look at the Freak’s smug smile.”
"If you must."
Of all the things he could have made them aware of, he had indeed made them aware of his violin playing. John was starting to wish their conversation had been a little longer.
"Tell me, Anderson, do you ever think at all?"
He opened his eyes to retort, then decided that perhaps it was best to take it as some type of twisted compliment. He couldn't find the correct words to answer this response, so simply nodded, a gesture though vague, he felt was reliable.
"Ah." John replied blankly, no further replies coming to mind even as he grabbed for them. Behind Sherlock, Anderson stood with his arms crossed tightly and an annoyed and guarded look upon his face.
"This is so mundane," Sherlock complained, eyes closing tiredly. "Must you continue in this tedious direction?" He opened one eye again, clearly inspecting them both. "Oh. I suppose you must."
"What is it now?" Sherlock called out in pure irritation as he turned the handle on his door. "I told you she was in the second to last room on the left, can't you remember directions? Do you have an issue distinguishing between left and right?" His face became visible, and after a moment of staring at someone who was not there, his gaze dropped down to John. "Oh. You."
He couldn't help but laugh, a reaction that was half-startled out of him. This inspired an odd spark in Sherlock's eyes that John feared and yet somehow felt obsessed with, more curious about it than anything else he had seen in his life.
Without another word, he promptly shut the door between them. This time there was more of a pause before the music started up again, and it was not an angry shout as it had been before, but light and sweet and mysterious. John was tempted to stay outside the door and listen to it for a while. It was the thought of Sherlock discovering him more than anything, that made him push this thought away and ascend the steps again.
"Clearly," He replied, but did not sound as annoyed as he had moments before.
"What?" She replied nervously, clearly also taken aback.
"Watson?" A familiar voice called to him.
"What is it?"
"I need sleep," He told him with annoyance he had not even tried to hide. He raised two fingers to his temple, rubbing it aggressively. "My quarters, where are they?"
"Captain?" He questioned the figure before him. "It's not your shift for-" He checked his pocket watch. "an hour and a half at least. You need to sleep."
"Michael Stamford?" John said with surprise.
John did not say a word as he knew this was no longer a question.
Mr. Anderson was back before it seemed possible, with two cups gripped just slightly too tightly in his pale hands. One was shoved in John's reaction, followed quickly by an apologetic look that he felt was there just for show. The other cup seemed to appear in Sherlock Holmes' hands as if by magic, and he held it in front of his face, breathing it in as if it were some type of airborne drug. The thought caused John to tear his gaze away once again.
"Uh..." The lame, unmovable word fell flat in front of him, a useless and embarrassing pile between Holmes' feet and his own.
"Well, what is all... this?" John looked back to the crowd of his passengers. It certainly did not look like "nothing" was all that was going on.
The captain had made it clear through their experience together that he did not like to leave his ship unless necessary, and he had also made it clear a few days ago that he did not deem this as necessary. With this knowledge in hand, John left Reichenbach without him and went to greet those waiting for them.
Everyone had been so interested in him before he came, John had been fully fearful that his actual arrival would throw them into some kind of frenzy. They had, in fact, been even more curious when he came aboard, and their questions hit him in floods and waves, but he did not drown in them, and they did not relish it as much as he had thought they would. They were whispering now, he knew, among themselves again, but their words lacked the intensity that they had had hours before. They knew who he was, and to them, he supposed, that made him a mystery solved. John, however, thought that perhaps the mystery was just beginning.
"Does that include you, Ms. Adler?" John asked her, feeling as if he did not want to hear the answer at all.
"Absolutely preposterous!" Mr. Hudson rang out, face hot. "Who do you think you are to slander my character, sir?"
Sherlock gave met his eyes again and John fought not to break this uncomfortable connection. Finally, he turned back to Mr. Anderson who had just begun to hesitantly move. "And Souchong."
He reached a hand out in greeting and one of the men stepped up towards him. He was taller than John and had silver hair and a formal outfit which coupled with his posture to create a picture of a man who had gone through training. He could guess that he was an official of some sort, but couldn't be sure exactly what. The man took his outstretched hand into a very firm handshake and smiled casually.
So he walked, making circles around every deck with a handful of mental notes, all the time the image of Hilda and Sybil Hope ingrained on the back of his eyelids. He walked with little aim and he walked for days with only small breaks to eat and to sleep and to sail the ship. To be perfectly honest, it was not the most thrilling task he had set himself to. While he walked he witnessed whisperings he may or may not have had reason to get involved with, and a vague and distant figure of a tall, consistently somewhat cross man with one or two others around he did do much to stay out of Holmes' way, he could not help but notice that he spoke much more to Mrs. Hooper than to Mr. Anderson, and that they were often alone together. He beat down the beginnings of suspicions, but something was on his mind, though he couldn't force it keep shape for longer than a mere second.
"Good morning, Dr. Watson," She greeted him, eyes twinkling in a way he could imagine might get her what she wanted with some, but would not with him- a fact they both knew.
"What are you trying to say?" John asked, intrigued even as he fought to stay professional.
"Below deck and down the hall on the left," John replied with some hesitation. He paused before adding, "I'll take you."
The crew had not been riled up like the passengers, he decided as he watched them work, no less focussed or hard working as any other day. They worked diligently, no need for gossip or arguments. The passengers, he knew, were still less than joyous, but he was not able or willing to do much to help them. For most of them, it seemed that their unhappiness stemmed from their own issues that they themselves created. His job was not to help them sort out their lives, and though he didn't like to see upset on his ship, or his people in an uproar, he was not about to make it so.
He took hold of his thoughts and pulled them away from their current destination. There was something about that man, and he felt his mind fluidly roll now off of premonitions and fall to him again. There was something off about this Sherlock Holmes, not just the opium that had been, he liked to assume, clouding his judgement, but John could not think of it as sinister. He could merely see it as something not quite as it should have been, like a sharp object protruding from somewhere, not a weapon on its own, just odd how it was, but potentially, he thought, very dangerous.
"What?" He was taken aback. Had Sherlock Holmes just offered to get him tea? He stared at the man. Perhaps he was demanding tea for himself and expected John to jump and get it. The thought frustrated him and he opened his mouth to announce it.
"Yes," He replied, breaking the silence yet making it no less uncomfortable. "I should think some extra brain power, no matter how small, could be useful."
He had instead shown the letter to the captain, who had then taken his mid-day break to study it himself and decide the best course of action. John took control of the ship, the job he was most comfortable with, and firmly pushed these other thoughts out of his mind. He navigated with little thought and all the concentration that he had. The sun was bright above them and shone a strange light gray through the tinted glass covering the opening John looked out. His time sailing passed far too soon and the captain was back before he had thought more than a few minutes had passed.
Breaking through the still marginally dingy blue of the early day, something was flying towards him. Instinct winning out over thought, he caught it in the hand that wasn't loosely gripping his cane. The projectile, on further investigation, seemed to be a small notebook crammed with untidy handwriting. He deviated his gaze so that it fell upon Mr. Holmes again, and found him to be no longer looking back, content, it would seem, to not present any explanation for the notes he had hurled at his co-captain.
"My God, you haven't heard?" Captain Brookes retorted. "Dear man, what have you been doing?" He shook his head, this news apparently too much for him. "Mr. Holmes has found threats to the workers. Mainly, it would seem, from other workers on the Reichenbach. He's stopped them at once, and the guards are all alerted and posted for any violence that may come from it. The majority of them could most likely handle themselves, but there still seems to be some relief in the air now, doesn't it?"
"Nothing much," Sherlock replied with an air of annoyance. "This ship of yours really is the most unlively thing I've stepped on- and I have investigated dead elephants."
"Why thank you," He told him. "I'm sure you'll do well here, you have even better training, and we haven't got much to investigate. Hopefully the boredom won't hurt you."
"I simply informed him that his wife was a few doors down with Mr. Bradstreet," Sherlock said as if he found nothing wrong with this. "I think I did him quite a favor, did I not? Though he can't judge her too hardly, seeing as what he was doing with Miss Hope while she was gone." His eyes moved to the still sobbing Hilda. The Mays were nowhere to be found.
Sherlock Holmes grinned, something that John wasn't quite sure if he had ever witnessed before. "I saw you drink it."
"I play violin," He replied, an answer that did nothing less to confuse John. "I'm sure Mycroft made you aware of this."
His eyes had been focussed somewhere between the veined cup and the splintering floor, and he lifted them up on a whim, only to find himself staring into Sherlock's anew. Awkwardly, he brought the cup to his lips without breaking eye contact, feeling Holmes studying him with a mysterious intensity.
His eyes were shining with anticipation and something very much like excitement. He stood staring, silent, as if he were waiting for John to figure it out himself, which John then attempted to do. After several creaks of the ship and long, too loud breaths from their group of four, he finally answered.
"Exactly."
"Good," Sherlock said. "I suppose it's safe to assume you can follow orders then. That'll come in handy."
"The storm will still be on land," John responded with a nod. "How long do you think it will take to stop completely?"
After days of avoiding the man, here he was, offering his help. He didn't think he would ever truly understand himself.
There were much less people now out of their quarters, and the violin was still shouting from behind Sherlock Holmes' door. Slowly, he walked across, inspecting the few people still there, just two women and a young man whose name escaped him. They did not look enraged as the others had before, or even annoyed, they just looked intrigued, a reaction that John could not disapprove of, as he understood completely. They looked at him as he made his way by and one of them women turned, gesturing nervously now to the other two to follow her, and he watched as they all left behind a near by door.
"Greg Lestrade," He introduced himself. "I'm to be your captain of the guard."
She simply laughed and asked for nothing more and told him no more either if she did indeed have anymore she could have shared. He walked away from her, tenser than before, and began watching the passengers again, and checking the crew. His mind began to wander, first lingering on the confusion he had about Irene Adler's incessant knack for gathering information she shouldn't have, then he forced himself to change the subject, and began to think the way the others on the ship were. He knew the man's name and his importance, his reason for being on their ship- both technically and politically- but not much more than that. It was said he was a man of not just awesome mind and wit, but of elegance.
As the elder man turns to leave, John grabs his arm out of desperation, “Mycroft, how do I fix this? What do I need to do? I have to fix this. I can’t lose him.” The older Holmes wretches his arm out of the doctor’s grasp and glares at the blogger, “If it were up to me, you wouldn’t be able to. In fact, I would love nothing more than to ship you as far from Sherlock as possible, but I know my brother. Despite all of my warnings, you are Sherlock’s goldfish. As he has so irrationally proven, he would rather die than live in a world were you do not care about him.”
had thought that I had lost
. Once, he would have welcomed it. Sound grated on his nerves. He felt as if his brain were rotting from the constant chatter other people supplied, but now, it only serves as a reminder of everything he has lost. It is in the darkness and silence that he finally allows the mask to fall away. He finally allows himself to feel all the sorrow that’s been building from that first day he arrived back at Baker Street without the one man he’s been fighting so hard to return to. It seems as though the once proud consulting detective is not above getting his heart broken. Mycroft’s words reverberate inside his skull, “
WARNINGS:
When Gregory tugged him behind a tree, he forgot his current conversational topic and stared at him like he’d gone completely mad and had started pulling his hair from his scalp. “Look over there,” Gregory hissed.
“Yeah, I’m so glad they’re over,” Gregory huffed a laugh. “I probably flopped them completely; I’ve always been horrible at exam technique and timing, so I’m unsure why I thought that university would be the correct course of education for me.”
“I guess.”
Mycroft apologised profusely to Professor Ellis with a heavy blush on his cheeks, feeling uncomfortable with this new addiction of his and deciding that he needed to do something about it instantly. He resolved that he would no longer text Gregory at all during his lectures, as well as reducing the amount of messaging that occurred during the day as he was meant to be studying for his final exams which were the most important of his life thus far.
With the six text came with the approach of one of the security guards, and a seventh as he stopped in front of Mycroft. The eighth as he opened his mouth, the ninth following directly. Mycroft could barely concentrate on the man’s words as the phone jumped and danced in his pocket. Ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen.
“I swear John was dating a girl in his year less than two weeks ago,” Gregory murmured, which Mycroft had nodded in agreement with. He could recall Sherlock complaining about that girlfriend less than four days ago; was it a recent development, or had that girl been a way to divert attention from their secret relationship? “I feel like a spy,” Gregory interrupted his thoughts with a giggle.
John returned, somewhat unsteady, carrying a tray with two cups of tea on it. With shaking hands, he managed to set it on the table with only the smallest amount of tea spilling over the rim. “This is a big issue, Sherlock, so I want you to talk about it with me seriously.”
John, a saint in Mycroft’s eyes, had taken to spending the hours from five until eight in the hospital by Sherlock’s bedside each night, brushing fingers through his hair. Despite the countless hours spent at Sherlock’s side, he’d yet to grow bored of caring for his boyfriend and that was something that Mycroft admired.
There was a heavy, awkward pause – mentioning deterioration was clearly unwelcome. “Greg plans on coming down as regularly as he can,” John murmured at last. Mycroft let go of the breath he’d been quietly holding. “He’s been picking up a few of my shifts at the café so he won’t be able to come as much as he’d like.”
Mycroft swallowed heavily, trying to push back the tears that were threatening to spill. Only fifty percent?
“I don’t want to over-sensitise you after a long-term state of panic, Gregory. As much as I would love to cover you with kisses and warm you with soft cuddles, I believe it would likely be counter-productive. We’ll start with small touches and if you’re still doing well before bed we’ll snuggle,” Mycroft replied calmly, shifting his legs onto the covers and making it so that they rested lightly against his side. To his surprise, Gregory threw his arm across Mycroft’s lap.
Mycroft would’ve been able to deduce Gregory’s intentions had he been paying attention to anything other than his eyes, but he remained oblivious as Gregory turned towards him as pressed a soft kiss to Mycroft’s lips. “I love you, and I never want to lose you,” Gregory murmured, one hand resting on the small bulge in his left pocket while the other reached up to soft stroke at his boyfriend’s cheek.
On that day, Gregory spoke for the first time in four days, and more than he’d had since the initial panic attack. His voice was brutally rough from lack of use, and yet Mycroft couldn’t think of a time when his word had been more beautiful: “Can you fetch me a glass of water and then lie next to me?”
“Perhaps he thought you deduced it,” Gregory teased, before shrugging his shoulders and taking a sip of the bitter black coffee that was his favourite beverage. After a stretch of silence that was filled only with the scratch of biro on paper, Gregory asked quietly, “Are these dates, Mycroft?”
“You’ll need to slow down, Sherlock, if you want me to understand even a word of what you are saying,” Mycroft said as he placed his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders to ground him. Mycroft often had to repeat Sherlock’s name, or physically sooth him to bring Sherlock back to the world of the mortal; his thoughts were often far away in an experiment, or his internal monologue would have a running commentary on his surroundings which became distracting when Sherlock wasn’t thinking of anything else.
Wiping his hands on his school trousers, Sherlock lead the way to the home lab. The small room (originally guest room two) had been converted into a laboratory when Mycroft had first started secondary school. Once it had been filled with his GCSE notes and his few scribbled experiments, but they’d been removed when he’d chosen to take English, history, philosophy and maths at A-Level and the room had promptly been redecorated to suit Sherlock’s need.
Smiling shyly, Sherlock waved a notebook towards John as if to say ‘I have something to show you so that I can bask in you telling me how great I am’. Due to Sherlock becoming uncharacteristically shy and awkward, Mycroft had recognised Sherlock’s crush very early on into the friendship and he hoped that Sherlock wouldn’t become disheartened if a relationship never occurred. He was only 14, after all!
Sherlock’s words were slightly slurred as he repeated, “Bear?” Mycroft had the urge to get Sherlock a glass of water, but Sherlock was still not allowed to orally ingest food. John picked up the bear from under Sherlock’s arm, showed him and then replaced it neatly under his chin. Sherlock minutely snuggled into the soft fur and muttered, “Sorry for being an idiot and not listening to your warnings.”
He’d just started the second glass of whiskey (upped to two fingers in the hope it would help him endure all the snide mutterings and idiotic declarations) when a fourth text came. Mycroft just cracked his knuckles and ploughed on.
“The was bloody brilliant!” John grinned. Mycroft hadn’t expected that response, and neither had Sherlock from the way his face lit up. “Did you research me before you came in?”
Mycroft was similarly sodden, and it was only thanks to forewarning that he wasn’t dressed in an uncomfortable suit. Everything that he was wearing was borrowed from someone: the trousers had come from Sherlock; the t-shirt from John; and the jumper from Gregory. The soft lining was comforting, and Mycroft already knew that this jumper would be worn in the evenings when he was feeling lonely.
Tears were welling in Gregory’s eyes as well, thumb gently wiping some of the tears from Mycroft’s face. “I love you so much Mycroft. It’s going to be okay. We’ll get through it.”
The paper was soon covered in dark biro: looping circles, the name Sherlock written over and over again, a harsh scribble of the words ‘you can’t be dead’, and an artistic yet scientifically accurate drawing of a heart covered in lacerations.
“As you know, I’m getting my medical degree through the army – it’s an easy way to pay off my debts and means that I can repay my country for the amazing opportunities that it has provided me. I’ve been filling out some of the basic training forms that they’ve sent across, and I put your name and number down as my contact, should – should anything happen to me out in the field.”
Mycroft had never sat through a duller evening.
While waiting at the till, Mycroft took the few quiet minutes to admire the beauty of the small café. It was only about 8 meters across, but it went back for at least 20 meters with a small book corner in the back corner that was filled with many different books that had been collected by the café owner, Mrs Hudson. It had always been mostly quiet at this coffeehouse due to it being a thirty-minute bike-ride from the university town, and as a result it held a rustic and cosy feel. There was a mostly equal amount of tables, small love-seats and small armchairs spread throughout the space, although there was a higher concentration of arm chairs towards the bookshelves so people would have an easier time perusing the novels. The walls were dotted with interesting artworks that had been donated by some of the local inspiring artists, as well as small black chalk boards detailing what the café offered. It was perfect.
A third vibration caused a tension to spread out through his shoulders, but he forced himself to loosen them and continue on. If anything extremely bad had happened, surely they would be continuously calling Mycroft until he found a way to free himself to answer rather than texting sporadically.
Time passed quickly in the coffeehouse. Taking regular small sips of his drink and small bites of his cake, an hour had passed by in the blink of an eye. The next hour was somewhat slower than the previous, as Sherlock started chucking insults in his direction whenever he got bored of a particular section of text.
“It’s no problem,” Mycroft replied softly with a smile. “I love you and you love me so this is very little; I have already decided to spend as much as my life as you’ll allow looking after you.”
Thank you so much for reading! Please leave kudos and comments :D
It’d become a problem, Mycroft acknowledged, but he knew that mid-fourteen was a turbulent time and this often happened to teenagers; his personal obsession had been a sixth form student named Jeremy that had been nice to him once and Mycroft liked to ignore those few embarrassing months. Luckily, Sherlock had been seven and hadn’t been old enough to understand, no matter his intelligence.
Once Mycroft had ordered their drinks, they sat at one of the small tables by the entrance. Mycroft took his time adding two shots of milk and two sugars to the black coffee he’d ordered, before looking up. “Thank you, for it all.”
“Would we be able to do an experiment this evening, My?” Sherlock asked in a voice that Mycroft was incredibly weak to; it was a higher-pitched than it would be normally, and there was a soft pout on his lips as he spoke the words. He looked like a kicked puppy, and Mycroft could barely ever decline his requests.
Upset by the disappointing grade he’d received at the end of his second year (only a 2:1 when he’d been so desperate for a first), Gregory had slowly begun to pull away from his boyfriend in a quiet way. It’d been gradual, with Mycroft simply receiving fewer texts as the weeks went on – it didn’t surprise him as even the obsessed John and Sherlock had slowly reduced the amount they felt they needed to contact the other. Beating himself up about it, Gregory had clearly considered himself useless and unworthy.
The end :D
“Made for each other, then.”
Suffering through pleasantries with only a finger of whiskey to keep him company was akin to mental torture.
It didn’t last long. To say he was surprised when John pulled out the seat opposite him and sat down with a firm thud would probably be considered an understatement, and he struggled to believe that John was aiming that slightly breathless smile at him. Sherlock quickly distracted the barista and Mycroft almost groaned.
“Very true! I would’ve thought he would’ve at least tried to tease me during those few evenings a week where he plagues me with his presence,” Mycroft mused.
“Huge liabilities?” Gregory asked, knowing to avoid asking why Mycroft knew far more about this topic than he should. Mycroft confirmed his thoughts with a nod.
“I plan on going to the café this afternoon, if you would be interested in joining me?”
In those two months, they’d definitely grown as people. John had focused more on his studies, while Sherlock leads a more spontaneous but balanced life. Sherlock had started exercising regularly (which lead to the discovery of his knack at tennis) while John was learning how to observe rather than watch, and received some pointers on how to write up his lab experiments at school.
He was walking towards the jet when he remembered his promise – wave. He turned around a subtly waved towards Gregory with a small smile, eyes still sad. He’d get through these two weeks of torture. The faster he embarked, the sooner he would return to the warm arms he was already missing.
Within thirty minutes of leaving the small coffee-room, Mycroft had decided to return; he’d been more than a little disappointed when he’d realised that John was not on duty and instead it was a different, slightly older teenager.
“I suppose. I think I shocked a lot of people at a-level, though, because so many people told me I was aiming far too high, despite my predicted grades. Maybe I only succeeded because I wanted to prove them wrong. Without that motivator, I might not get the grades I’m hoping for.”
“Wow, I’m going to sound like a robot but you truly are brilliant!” He said with again with a grin, before ruffling Sherlock’s hair (to the boy’s irritation) and turning his attention towards Mycroft. “So tell me, what are your opinions on Agatha Christie?”
“You think now is the time to attempt to flirt with me?” John growled before his hand went up and waved at his face. “This is the face of a man who’s been crying non-stop for
“I thought it would be a nice surprise for Sherlock, so I hadn’t planned on telling him – I’d have you escorted from your dorm to our home after Sherlock has returned.
One afternoon he’d been called into a meeting at the university and John had quietly asked if Mycroft would be able to sit at Sherlock’s side while he couldn’t. Mycroft, despite knowing work would be irritated, agreed. His theory was that John was going to be asked to leave the university and have his bursary removed unless he returned to lectures and lab periods. It was a pleasant surprise when he discovered that John had called the university to hold the meeting with the plan to defer, but had been offered special circumstances.
Mycroft smiled back. This boy knew him so, so well.
Filled with a stew of guilt and love, Mycroft looked after his boyfriend full time: he called the university to explain the situation; provided clean clothes for Gregory despite him not making use of them; cooking meals that were left uneaten; preparing cups of tea every single hour regardless of two thirds of them remaining completely untouched and the rest having only been sipped.
“Pardon?” Mycroft looked up from the notes he was editing, looking at Gregory’s sheepish expression and turned down eyes.
How had it started? It was a date night; Mycroft had accidentally slammed the door behind him that shocked Gregory into dropping the bag of souvenirs they’d brought back from a science museum. Upon finding the clay replica of a human body broken in two, Gregory had similarly broken and the initial panic remained high. Mycroft had been beating himself up since.
The majority of the next week was spent randomly texting Gregory, or replying to Gregory’s own random texts – texting while studying, texting when he was bored, texting him during lectures and even messaging for three hours in the middle of the night when he’d been hit by a spell of insomnia. Mycroft hadn’t been one to text, preferring face to face contact with people, and yet he was now texting like a common teenager (when thinking about this, he scoffed; he was anything by common and definitely no longer a teenager.)
My, my, the Holmes boys were happy, and just in time for Christmas too.
Speeding towards the helicopter terminal, Mycroft screwed his eyes tightly shut, avoiding to even think about the more negative outcomes from this: not only would his brother be dead, but he’d have a mourning John to look after. They were loaded efficiently into the helicopter and this was the time when Mycroft went through every bad scenario and tried to come up with an action plan that would make the situations more bearable. With a tight fist, he ignored that Sherlock might even already be dead and that he
“I’ll force Sherlock to send you updates,” Gregory suggested with a small grin.
“I believe it went very well. My brother would say I’m being modest as I’ve got a 96% average on exams, but I would prefer to avoid being over-confident in my abilities as it only irritates others and has a correlation with under-achieving. Call it a superstition.”
Tucked under the blanket and Sherlock’s left arm, was a small lump of plush fabric. From the way that it had been arranged, it was evident that the nurses had replaced it when they’d jostled it checking Sherlock’s tubes; it was far too secure to have been placed by anyone else.
Turning towards Gregory to say his goodbye was horrific. Countless scenarios flew through Mycroft’s mind, filling his every thought regardless of their likelihood. What if this was the last time? The mission wasn’t classified as dangerous, but assassination was always a risk at his level. Despite every attempt to stay completely calm, Mycroft’s arms began to shake as he held Gregory as close as possible. His breathing pattern became more rapid; each breathe more shallow.
“Mummy has finally relented in allowing me to do that experiment into sutures and I thought that John would love to do it with me, so we have to go so that I could tell him all about it and invite him over!” Sherlock spoke at sixty miles-per-hour, adding how the aspiring sixteen-year-old surgeon would really enjoy stitching up the frogs that mother was allowing him to dissect.
“A hot chocolate, a glazed doughnut, a tea and a slice of cake, then,” John confirmed as the other barista imputed the pricing into the cash register. While Mycroft was handing over the money, John concocted Sherlock’s hot chocolate and added whipped cream (with a nod from Sherlock) along with a sprinkle of chocolate powder and a small flake pressed into the white mountain on top. He handed over the drink and a glazed doughnut on a plate, before beginning to work on the tea. Sherlock had already taken his seat at the table and was opening his first book – anatomy – when Mycroft received his order.
“Agreed,” Gregory said with a chuckle. They entered the small pub, and he realised that he’d have to thank Sherlock because this place was
There were small periods each day where he would wake up in a disorientated manner and make a groan of pain, look around the room and perhaps say a few words before sliding back into unconsciousness like he’d hardly even been there. Once, John liked to recount, Sherlock had barely even opened his eyes as he muttered, “This feeding tube is a pain in the ass,” and promptly closed them again with a grunt. John had laughed far more than he should have, but he’d taken it as a sign that Sherlock was on the road to recovery and that was worth the hours of slightly insane giggles.
