“Actually.” Eliza started. “I’m a mutant. My sister and I were in New York for a while with a group called the Morlocks. We moved out here when I started college. She works with a team and they have been trying to keep an eye on the government situation and what they plan to do with mutants. That’s why she called.” She explained as she quickly started cleaning everything. “Xavier’s School for the Gifted was raided. They went to Stark Tower and the Baxter Building. They also just went into an Avengers compound here in California.”
“Nothing.” She answered and hurried away, grabbing Francis and dragging him away, shoving food into his mouth to shut him up.
“Kielar Maximoff.” He stated. “They raided the Baxter building. As well as Stark Tower.”
When the fighting started, it was something hard for all of them. The first time Reed found Kielar in his lab, tinkering with a minor project, it had surprised him. The boy had been frantic before his Uncle reassured him it was fine. After that, if he wasn’t with the Starks, he was in the lab. This was how Reed learned so much about his nephew. He had learned many things that not even Johnny had known. One of them being that Kielar was bi-sexual, and there had been some issues at school. This caused the arguing between him and his sister. It terrified him to tell his father, but felt comfortable telling Reed, who he knew would keep his confidence until he was ready to come out. The chats they had were always short, but they were always important.
“L.A. Pretty sure he went to find his brother.”
“She’s a bit protective of B.” Ryan explained moving to where Nicole previously stood.
Anna wiped away her tears as she heard  her daughter's voice. When it ended she moved the soldiers out of the house and placed her hands on the brick, slowly making a glow take over. As she moved away and moved toward the woods, the house exploded, leaving everything behind, and a determination in her to find her family again. Before she could make it, she felt something hit her in the neck and pulled it out before turning around. Her vision blurred and the last thing she felt was a collar going around her neck. “We got one” a voice said just as she lost consciousness.
“I enjoy living a normal life though. If I went there everyone would know, I prefer just being me.” Karla smiled. “I like the school I attend and…” She suddenly stopped and covered her ears as the security alarms blared all around her.
“He’ll come around.” Ryan reassured her.
---------
“Well, it’s your mother who thinks you will be too reckless.” She responded.
Looking down at the surface in front of her she picked up a piece of cloth, and a knife, carefully wiping it down. Mara stared at it for a moment before sighing and placing the knife back down and rolling the entire pack up, slipping it into her bag. She looked up as she heard a knock on the door and opened it. “Yes?” She questioned seeing her brother, James standing there.
“That is Captain America you are talking about.”
A little more about Dakota Potts
“Me neither, I’m just worried it might be too soon for some of them, but some of the Xavier students have already contacted Pepper, and that might be helpful for a few of our kids.” Tony told him. “Do you know when Bucky, Daken and the other guy they added are going to
“How are you doing?” He questioned.
“I am a mutant.” He announced to the room. “I’m not a mutate like the Fantastic 4, in fact, the only connection to them that I have is the fact that Johnny adopted me. I know a few of you knew that..but..” Kielar said, obviously nervous.
“Wait. You have a kid?” Jade asked. “They did not prepare us for that.”
“You need a break, and to focus on Karla. You lost..”
“Her name is Karla Storm, she doesn’t have any allergies to medication. Have you started an IV or…” Kielar started rambling off information before Izzy stopped him.
Focuses on Mara Romanov
“He’s cute.”  Azari laughed. “Needs more of a filter, but it suits him.” Mara stared at Azari and then smile. “Yes?” he asked.
“TJ tell us exactly what happened before we came in here.” Tony said, turning his attention to his son.
“Maybe if you had more conversations with him, you would have known.” Reed shrugged. “You know how it is, you said nothing to us, it just came out on its own.”
“I followed a lot of your stuff after…”
“Yeah, and Laura is there now too huh.”
Chapter 4: West Coast Avengers
“Kielar Maximoff, that means he’s related to Quicksilver and Scarlet Witch, that explains the speed, if I remember some of the history we were taught, Quicksilver has a daughter with a member of the  Inhuman Royalty and Scarlet Witch has two sons that are reincarnated from herself and Vision?” Renee commented as she grabbed some food from the pantry.
Tony stood in the room as the yelling had started. The moment the words had left his mouth all the teenagers had started yelling, with the exception of two. Francis Barton was passed out on the couch, Azari T’Challa balancing on the back of it as he surveyed the room.  Kielar Storm stood in the far corner looking as though he was trying to find the quickest way out without anyone noticing. This had not gone as he had planned. It was a disaster, and then his son started laughing. All Tony could do was take a deep breathe as the room quieted down and paid attention to Tommy.
“Ookami! Oy found the Storm girl!” James heard his teammate yell. He turned and hurried toward them as he watched Izzy Allerdyce jump down into the truck. “She’s unconscious, but she is alive…” he told him as he lifted her up. James held the girl in his arms as Izzy pulled himself back out of the truck.
“Is that a Stark Industry plane?” Francis suddenly exclaimed. “Badass! Will there be strippers?”
“And there it is.” Daken shook his head. “The guilt. It isn’t…”
“She causes riots everywhere she goes. She is that girl on T.V that..”
“Like hell you are!” Johnny yelled. “Stay the fuck away from my kids you assholes.”
“Vehicle heading north on 42nd Street.” a masculine voice came over the communicators. “Team Alpha is pursuing. Team Beta, continue to watch Xavier’s, and team Omega, try to locate whatever the gust of wind was, we may have a speedster that left Stark Tower.”
“Don’t tell me that, I’m only nineteen, I do not need to sound like him yet.”
Halfway through the movie Mara’s phone buzzed and all eyes went to her. “Francis is here, we will be back soon.” She said and hurried out of the room, toward the elevator. Natasha shook her head, as Steve and Tony both looked at her, waiting for there to be some sort of answer.
“Making food, be inside in fifteen minutes.” Laura told him as she passed him.
“The fuck they do.” Francis said and headed toward the door immediately.
“I am not.” he argued.
Families are reunited.
“Nobody was there when they raided. Devon, Blaine, Ryan and Nicole must have gone out after we left.” Francis sighed. “Um, dad has a place we can probably lie low at. It's under an alias and he said I could use it anytime, so I guess now is the time.”
“I’m not.” Bucky responded quickly. “Just don’t die, again.”
“And Ho.”
“What the hell is going on with the goddamn country! Taking kids from their homes now, they haven’t done anything wrong.” the man snapped.
“He did. They were being held until last night. They are laying low and going to try and get here as soon as possible, but they don’t want to raise suspicion by leaving immediately. They are most likely being watched closely. Pepper got them out and is staying with them.” Reed paused as the elevator opened and they stepped out. He stopped Johnny from continuing. “We don’t know where half of the Avengers are. There are few here but like with Steve and Tony they could have been taken in. All these kids are on edge so we need to try and keep the peace.”
“Mara, I just want to make sure everyone is safe, and Francis is shirtless,” He told his sister as he motioned to the mentioned. “Francis come take a break.” he called up to him, but was seemingly ignored. Mara smiled, crossing her arms and offering him no help, so he climbed up on stage. “Francis, let’s take a..” he paused again as Francis started dancing with him, a huge grin on his face.
“I need to go find Laura and her kids. Jimmy you stay here with Keegan.” Daken said and hurried from the room.
“What is your problem with her?” Heather spoke up. “She is the one who found the information so that we could even rescue you.”
“Maybe you are the one that needs to come to terms with it.” Daken snapped. “You hid yourself away from the man most of your life and didn’t even tell people you were a Howlett until your mid teens! You decided you would just be a Yashida. So don’t come after me like this when you need to deal with your own bullshit!”
“Do you mean the one you planted to try and get him into trouble with your fathers?” Jarvis questioned him.
“We are going to..”
“Akihiro?” She asked. “That will be good for him. He ain’t very happy at Xavier’s.” she told him. “Jimmy will like it too, we gonna have to figure that out by the way, two James’ in the same facinity is gonna get confusin’”
“Yes, I know how to, Azari what are you doing?” James asked.
Josh Foley ran into the room with a few others, one of which led Kielar out of the room. Kielar slid down the wall and rested his head in his lap crying as he heard them call the time of death. He felt someone sit next to him and an arm went around his shoulders. He looked over and saw Tommy next to him. “I’m sorry Kie.”
add four extra pumps of espresso to his coffee.”
“I think I’m good.” Jett mumbled as he moved back over to the group.
Devon, who would just sit and listen, sometimes for hours. Blaine also loved science. Bruce didn’t discover this until after the third week of the twins being with him. They had gone to Stark Tower in order for Bruce and Tony to work on a new project. They had been so engrossed in what they were doing that they hadn’t seen Blaine wander down. It had been simple tinkering, something had not been working, he had simply made it work. Once he started telling them about what he did, there was no stopping the kid.
“Only a few knew about da muramasa blade.” Remy told them as he approached with the rest of the family. “And I t’ink it would be safe t’ assume dat its a mutant dat dey have workin’ wit’ dim.”
“Shut up!” James yelled. “Just shut up.”
“I have to go back to Wakanda soon. My Father wants me to return, and the only reason I am even here is because my mother likes you and Francis.” Azari said. He knew that the time in the United States would end, as he had to go back to Wakanda and be with his father, T’challa. His mother, Ororo Munroe, had convinced T’challa to let Azari stay for most of the year, to enjoy being on a team and with people he cared about. He was lucky his parents' divorce was amicable. “Your sister is a terrible influence.”
“Mama…”
Slowly.
“Steve and Tony, Tommy…” Kielar said immediately as he looked at him.
“Three if you count Mara.” Azari motioned to her as she began dancing again. “Let loose, it's our only night out.”
“We aren’t going to just hide, we need to fight. We have lost people and we are going to continue to lose them if we don’t do something about it. You can’t come in here and just tell us what we need to do.” Renee snapped at him.
Kielar moved and sat up a little straighter before he leaned forward and looked at Tony and Steve. The young man had been through a lot that year already, and the two Avengers had saved his life. He felt like he owed them for everything they had done, Tommy as well. “I’ll give California a try.” he said. “I trust you.”
“Bold of you to assume you would know when I would say it.”
------------------------------------------------------
“Of course they are. Alright, send the information to my phone and I will start the GPS, let's get to walking.”
More about James Rogers and his family.
A year into his presidency. They hospitalized an adolescent girl about the age of fourteen after being brutally attacked in New Orleans, Louisiana. Reports of the girl being bullied for years surfaced. Her red on black eyes. The media called her the daughter of the devil. The President made accusations that she had provoked the boys, all of them seventeen and eighteen years old. They said she threatened them. They said she used her abilities on them.
“They’re harmless, they literally climb buildings and eat.” Dakota shrugged. “I really don’t see a threat.” she paused, “oh look they’re live!  I’m going to hook it to the T.V.”
“I don’t know what you are talking about Aunt Nat. everything we do is perfectly legal and we would never put ourselves in harm's way.” Francis told her.
“And this is why I call you out on your stupidity, Johnny.” Sue smiled.
“Jade Summers. Red over there with the bad attitude wanting to blame people here for what happened. Her abilities are to put a person's greatest fear into their mind and live it in a loop until she decides enough is enough. You are Vivienne Worthington, Your parents are Angel and Psylocke, both of who have left the X-men. You have Psionic wings and can use them to take flight, defense or even weapons. A twin brother and a little sister. Jett Wisdon, he’s not actually a Wsidom, his father is Peter Quill but he took his step dads name...he is a shadow…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes sir I can, it seems they are at an apartment under one of Clint Barton's guises.”
“I really do hate when she does that.” Azari said, taking the drink that James held out for him. “I mean, I get that they are best friends, but I was dancing with him.”
“We were actually rescued by a speedster. He brought us here.” Vivienne informed her. “Are you hurt?”
“No, no he doesn’t, Francis there is more than one red head in this room”
The girls watched as he walked away and Vivienne looked at her friend before letting out the breath she had been holding. “That was intense.”
“Shut up. You need to shut up, Tommy. Now follow me.” The older boy ordered and led them quickly through back alleyways until they were further from the park. He turned around when he knew it was safe and shoved his younger brother. “What were you thinking Tommy! I know we all have protocols set in place if something like this were to occur. You and Kielar were to get the hell out of New York and to Safety.”
He knew the Avengers. He had known them his entire life, and while he wasn’t particularly close to the other teenagers, they weren’t going to expect him to be the best,or maybe he just hoped they wouldn’t. He loved his dad, he really did but it was a lot to live up to, and it just wasn’t for him. James knew that the world would one day expect him to be the new Captain America, probably even other young heros.
James Rogers- 19
“He just told a group of anti-mutant protestors that their president's father was a mutant. Which he is not wrong but..” Mara said with a humorless laugh.
“Whoa, wait, you are not going out there and getting yourself killed.” He told him, grabbing his arm. “And Keegan and not growing up without you. You’re going off about family and seem to forget you have a brother and son here at this place right now that look up to you and count on you for answers.” he paused. “ And you have me.” Bucky added.
“Ah will.” She shut the steel door and covered it back up before leaning against the wall and shutting her eyes. “Ah love ya’ll more than ah ever thought ah would.” she told herself before taking a deep breath and heading upstairs. As she moved into the living room she heard movement around the back of the house, and saw lights shining in through the windows. She sat on the couch, waiting for them to barge in. As the soldiers filed in with their guns pointed at her. “Ain’t it a lil late for ya’ll to stop by? Ah ain't got no refreshments for ya’ll” A flashlight shone in her face as she stood up.
“We do not talk about Captain America like that” The brothers said at the same time.
The West Coast Avengers have the night off when they find out what has happened on the east coast.
Character by: LeviathanNightmareGirl
“Oh, Wolverine's oldest son, right? Yeah, I think we learned a bit about him. Didn’t he like, threaten to blow up some buildings or something? I’m on this superhero kid message board and rumor has it he’s with Bucky Barnes now or something. He apparently has a child too. Mohawk guy, right? Yeah, everyone thinks it's super adorable when he carries this tiny kid on his shoulders.”
“But you’re planning on going alone, that's too dangerous. What if you get caught? You have a son now, what will happen with him?” Johnny questioned.
Their history with each other drew them close, much like the other four team members were. Their connections to S.H.I.E.L.D was something common, but their friendships were built on much more than that. Which was why they had forced Blaine out of his lab to get ice cream. Of all things that could get the eighteen year old out of the lab, it was anything sweet. That was how they ended up at Danny’s Ice cream shop weekly. That is also how most of the workers knew them by name.
“We appreciate you bringing Karla back to us.” He said and left down the hall, hoping to catch Johnny before he potentially left. Ben followed.
“We are to collect all known mutants and move them to an upstate community.” the man spoke once more. “Karla Storm has shown signs of having gained abilities within the past few years. We have made the assumption that her twin brother has abilities as well and will be tested. If the tests are negative, we will return him to you.”
“Kielar?”
Slowly.
“He was initially grouped with them, so they only have two now. Micah Folds and Karla Storm.” Tony said,”We already have a plan in place to talk to him about it, especially the Karla aspect.”
“I’m going to make S.H.I.E.L.D do what they said they would do. They said that this team was protected, that our parents were protected, and if they want me on their side, they better hold their end of the goddamn deal.”
“We can at least take our kids to the new facility and invite others to join us.” Natasha offered. “Get a head start on their training.”
“Well, I’m not against you, and we’ll have more of a chance if we stick together. Power in numbers right?” she asked. “I still won’t hold back.”
“I guess it has to happen. Look, my father, he’s on the second floor.”
Then came into place her sons abilities. He was able to accurately hit his target with objects, and it included firing a gun. Knives had always been his specialty but she knew that would not be an immediate option. As the guns stopped, she looked at the men and women on the ground around her and dropped the gun in her hand, she knew they would not be the last ones. Then, she heard the answering machine click on.
“Well if Kie is in I’m in” Tommy stated. “ I’m not going to let him dive head first into anything without me.”
It took a moment for it to click in Johnny’s mind what had just been said before he looked back and forth between the two. “Wait.” he said, putting up his hands. “The two of you? Really?”  he asked . “Huh, I would have never guessed. Especially after we…”
“I know, I know.” Vivienne whispered. “I haven’t seen very many from the school. I don’t know where they could have gone. We’ve already been informed we can’t use any outside form of contact unless it is cleared. They don’t want anyone using an unsecured radio wave.”
“Rebel might know.” Bucky told them, looking over Dakota’s shoulder. “There is a shadow right over there as Rogue moves away.” he pointed out.
____________________________
“Get in line, get in line” Kielar said shaking his head.
“I am not leaving you behind.” Kitty told him firmly. “There is no way I am leaving you here, you know exactly where they will take you if you get caught and I will not have that happen.”
“I won’t Ms. Pryde.”
“Meeting dismissed, we have 3 days before any of us leave. Dakota, your mom is already at the new facility so if you choose to go you will be going with us.” Tony said.
“It was.” Pepper said. “You have a good night okay? I will see you when you get here. I love you.”
“So you figured it out too huh.” Kielar shook his head. “I don’t know, I feel like it was convenient that I came along when James didn’t want to take up the shield.”
“Yeah, it tends to happen when most of the family is together. Let’s go.”
That was why he wasn’t surprised to see her on the television rescuing people after midnight. He had heard of what was happening in New York city, and then there were reports in California, but so far nothing else had been reported, so for just a moment, Jean Luc believed his family was safe. They were all there, in the living room, minus Desiree. Remy had his arm around Anna, his wife, and Luc sat on the floor in front of them. Henri was on the arm of the couch and Sebastian sat directly next to his grandfather. Their silence spoke volumes.
“Are we really sharing now?” Dakota asked rolling her eyes.
“I am sure that is part of it.” Steve told his youngest, giving him a warning look. “The Avengers in this room will be training all of you. We are also bringing in Bucky, and Daken.” Steve paused a moment, waiting to see if he would be interrupted. “We will not force any of you to go, but we want to encourage you to give this a chance. We know all of you have some form of training, and that you have already put it to use in one way or another. You are our absolute first choice in this project they have asked us to do. There will be others joining you, and not everyone will be on the same page at first, it will take a lot of work, patience and trust”
The youthful girl nodded, still clinging to her older brother's hand. “Jett let nothing happen to me.” She whispered.
“Renee!” Vivienne called running toward the girl. The other girl turned toward them before spinning around and throwing more ice at soldiers. “Renee, you aren’t alone. We’re going to get out of here together.”
“I am trying here.”
“I don’t think you want to do that.” She said, hands up as she continued to hold the shield. “Now, you are going to explain exactly what you are doing, invading MY home!” Sue yelled.
“But that is for Kielar to decide, not us Dakota. If we take those choices away from him, it may do more harm than good. I agree that Karla should not be a candidate, however, she is and that means we just have to be there for Kielar.”
Mara walked back in the room. “Is it okay if Flit finishes the movie with us?” she asked motioning toward her friend.
Dakota moved away from her computer with her hands covering her mouth. “Oh no.” she said in shock, Kielar turned to her. “The LeBeau’s estate is gone.” she told him. Kielar’s eyes widened as he turned back around and started typing furiously for any other report. “I’m looking for anything to indicate they got out.”
“At least you had that contingency plan.”
“The West coast!” they said together before laughing.
“I think James is the only one that followed any protocol we put in place.” the billionaire said to them. “But I can’t be upset when you all made it here safely.” he took a minute before holding a bracelet out to Tommy. “You’ll probably be needing this soon.” he said as his son took it and put it on his wrist. “We have both your uniforms as well. We knew you probably didn’t have them, and nothing was here.”
“I’m just finishing up.” Tony replied and went back to his work. The soldier moved toward the scientist and put his hand on top of his.
“Yeah I mean, we don’t hear it from all of you. Though most of the gossip revolves around the X-Men. I never knew there could be so many love triangles in one building. I mean, why not though? Did you know that a few years ago one student got kicked out for punching Scott Summers in the face? I’m kind of glad I don’t go to that school.”
“If we had known about this place we wouldn’t be so scattered in the first place.” Jade snapped. “And you can’t tell me none of you knew this wasn’t going to happen because you knew exactly where to find us. I want to know why we weren’t told of this so that we could save people.”
“Tony! What are you doing, you’re not fit enough to be in your suit yet!”
They had started sparring not long after their time in the building. Being trapped in a dark space for so long had brought back a lot of unwanted feelings, which Steve had managed to pick up on with astounding swiftness. He'd forced Tony to come down to the gym everyday to work out his frustrations on the punching bags until one day he'd spent his energy, physically and emotionally, completely. As he'd slid to the floor, head buried in his boxing gloves as he gasped in air to feed his tears, Steve had lowered himself to his ankles and placed a hand on Tony's shoulder. He let Tony talk it all out without trying to interrupt him and for that Tony was truly grateful. Yet again he'd found himself breaking down in front of Captain America, but this time he was a friend. He kept forgetting Steve had had to deal with soldiers who were going through a worse time than he had.
He ignored the hollers around them and carried Tony back to their cell.
“Or something,” Steve agreed, a grin covering his face. “Let’s go. We don’t want to miss out on a table.”
He led them out, ignoring the man cursing behind him, and followed till they were a far distance away.
Steve had told him he wouldn’t be home for dinner, but he’d be damned if anyone was given another opportunity to suggest he couldn’t take care of his alpha.
“Anything mechanical. I can usually at least give it a boost, make it work smoothly, that kind of thing.”
“You laugh but wait till you see it tomorrow. You’ll be amazed.” He looked thoughtful. “Perhaps I could apply myself to the trade in your homeland. I could make us good money.”
Tony cast one last longing look at his charge before he took off, watching as JARVIS activated his targeted missiles on the HUD. “You better protect him with your life!”
“Hey Dad, what’s that?”
“Very handsome. It’s why I caught your eye back at the pens.” Antonius looked away, his cheek tinted pink.
“I’ll protect you. Don’t you worry. You’re safe with me.”
“Right? This is way better than the stuff we were invited to see.” There wasn’t a placard, but Tony saw a signature at the bottom.
“Yeah, just need help with these three. They need escorting to the courthouse, and I want Judge Fury over here to deal with them straight away.” Steve looked around at the crowd watching the spectacle. “I’m sure I’ll have no shortage of witnesses.”
“Oh, it’s Steve.” He held out a hand to shake and Tony took it, surprised at the firm grip.
“And it’s the afternoon. It’ll be getting late soon, and where will we sleep?”
After that, it had been almost effortless, in a way none of Tony’s previous relationships had been.
“I am mighty sorry I didn't get to taste your soup. I bet it was good.”
“Not before the kid gets here. And once they’re here, they’ll be trapped just like us. Kids born to slaves become slaves. Our only chance is to get out before anyone notices you’re carrying.” He gestured around the room. “I don’t want this for them.”
His finger pushed down on the shutter button but as it did, there was a loud creaking groan and before he could blink, the legs of the couch gave way and the base hit the floor, tipping forward on its edge and throwing Steve facedown on the ground.
Stíofán moved the cup back to his mouth but Tony grabbed his wrist. “What deal?”
, Steve almost snorted.
He turned and saw the same kind alpha walking towards him. He stopped and waited, curious.
“Oh, I assumed you and the Commander were attached, so it wouldn’t be appropriate.”
“But look at these strapping young satyrs,” Stíofán countered. “So free and wild; dancing among the buttercups, nibbling on the thistles. The sun shining on their speckled fleeces, their horns, their--”
There were no lights but the stars and his lantern, and it made the short trek seem like an age. He near jumped out of his skin at every sound, and he wasn’t embarrassed to admit that once he saw the lights for the town, he made for the outskirts at a near run.
Tony had ridden into town that morning planning to pick up some supplies he was short of and to visit Mrs Barton on his way home. They weren’t firm friends yet, but he was working on it, and she was very kind.
A storm had knocked them off course pretty early on, and it had taken all Tony’s skill to keep them in the air, Jarvis yowling in his ear and claws dug deep in his robe as he clung for dear life. They’d had to land while it was still dark, huddled in the hollow of a tree while the rain poured down and the wind screamed around them.
“Huh?”
Stíofán ran a hand down the doe’s belly, his fingers teasing south. “You sure?”
“He’s been waiting to have a chance at me,” the grocer complained. “He never has a civil word for me whenever he comes in here. Ask anyone.”
He was just so sweet and so funny, and Peter adored him and he had a cute dog and-- honestly, there was just so much there and Tony really had no idea what to do with it.
“A very big huff. Maybe I’ll be so dissatisfied, I’ll forget to start breakfast and you’ll have to go to the housebuilding, hungry, lamenting if only you had mounted--”
“One day I want to see more,” Tony said as they lay together, his head resting on Stíofán’s chest. “Have a life outside high walls. I’ve only known the cities, never quiet. But your home, your life before, seems so peaceful.”
Tony stretched, feeling the satisfying pull of slightly sore muscles. The room was filled with the soft light peeking through the blinds and he turned his head watching Steve fondly. He had long, long lashes and his hair, golden in the early light, flopped over his face. For a soldier, he sure slept deeply, Rhodey still woke on a dime, and he’d left the Air Force a year ago.  Maybe, Steve would like to hang around. Tony knew a place that made the best pancakes, and he was pretty sure Steve was a diner kind of guy. He leaned back, settling against the pillows. Yeah, when Steve woke up he’d--
Steve swallowed. “Oh?”
Steve cut him off, a curl of annoyance in his words. “You’re the one who doesn’t want me!”
He stepped them off to the side out of the way and spent the next two dances showing him the steps and getting him to keep his head up. By the third dance that rolled around, they were able to manage a rather passable two-step that was more fun than Tony had ever had at any of the stuffy parties he’d had to attend with his parents.
He liked to wait though, draw it out and let it build. He ran his hands over the trembling flanks, leaning down to kiss those soft lips, happy when he was welcomed, the doe returning the kiss eagerly, the soft whimpers muffled as he continued to move.
“My thanks,” Vision offered breathlessly, an English accent detectable even in the weakness of his voice. “Terrible way to go otherwise.”
“Just as much as I guess he pointed me towards animals as a career. ‘Fluffy as fuck’ was a pretty good indicator.”
Rhodey shrugged, taking a long sip of his beer. “Come on, it’s super obvious why you hate soulmate stuff. You’re just worried you won’t find them, but you will.”
Bucky snorted and Stíofán turned just in time for two bouncing balls of fleece to hop into his arms. “What? These two? No, can’t be.”
Stíofán watched them, his chest near bursting with emotion. He figured if a satyr could die from happiness, well, maybe that wasn’t such a bad way to go.
“I’d like to speak with you. Outside,” he added, noting the curious looks from the deputies.
Thanking him, Tony stepped onto the platform, trying not to seem too obvious as he scanned the area. He wished he knew what Mr Rogers looked like. He’d planned to send a daguerreotype with his next letter, along with a request for one in return, but then his plans had changed.
That was...kind of odd. But he guessed the guy just had places to be.
He wasn’t sure how long he sat there, but eventually, his stomach began to grumble.
Rhodey put him down, reaching out to take the kid - “Riri,” Sam told him --  and Tony smiled at how proud the two men looked as he accepted praise from the townsfolk cheering around them.
“What’s wrong?” Tony asked, taking a step closer. “Do you need -”
“A few more weeks,” Tony agreed, bringing his hand down to intertwine with Stíofán’s.
Steve hustled Tony out of the clinic, and he had him in a room eating a hearty bowl of soup within the half hour.
When he peeked back out from behind the shield, he stared into its eyes expecting the killer instinct of a predator, but instead, he saw...sadness.
“Really, it is. I don’t know the whole story and he’s your kid, sorry I overstepped.”
Five minutes passed. Then another ten. The station emptied until it was just him and a few porters. He felt a shiver of panic.
Tony shuddered, and Steve gave him a squeeze. “Nurse Banner says we have to head back to the house.”
“Yes.”
“Oh my god, oh my fucking god,” Rhodey babbled into his ear. “What the actual fuck were you thinking?”
And Steve was sure they could rustle up some food too. “What do you think?”
Tony froze, dread filling him like he’d just been doused in cold water. He looked at Steve, who was so clearly trying to keep his expression calm, but Tony could see the stiffness of his jaw.
As he turned, something shiny caught his eye. He squinted to see something metallic in the depths of the shed. He wandered over, the thought that it might be rude to snoop overtaken by his surprise when he looked inside.
“You bet.” She held him close, breathing in his scent and memorising it. He’d always been around when she needed him and it felt strange to let him go, knowing he wasn’t just next door. She squeezed him again and then let him step away. “Send me a pic of your dorm when you get in ok? I want to see it.”
Tony couldn’t help but smile.
One overpriced cab later and Tony arrived at the hotel that was hosting the launch, happy to see that at least the set up was done and looking great. He checked to make sure the guest list was up to date, spoke to the caterers and made sure the prosthetics had made it without any damage.
At least Pops wasn’t making the RA cry.
Steve struggled to his feet, yelping as his ankle gave way and he tumbled to the ground. He’d only meant to go for a nice walk, get some fresh air and get Mr Stark’s handsome face out of his mind.
So he had claimed the first two dances, relishing every brush of the other man’s hand and enjoying the soft intimacy of the dancefloor. It was as though they were the only ones in the room, eyes never leaving the other. They twirled through the other dancers, parting only to be drawn back together as though they were tied together by a string. There would be talk of course, Tony could already see whispers behind a number of fans but he didn’t care. All he cared about was Mr Rogers' gaze on his, his smile, and the spark between them even if it was all on Tony’s part.
After. That should’ve been enough time for the others to escape. Tony felt a rush of relief.
“Really it’s fine. Good luck!”
Tony felt the shame rise up in his chest so strong it was like a paralytic. He couldn’t move. He could only stare at the offending dish like it was a lit piece of dynamite, about to ruin anything and everything. He didn’t know how long he stood there, but suddenly there was a hand on his arm, the touch pulling him from his stupor.
“Two years is hardly new,” Stíofán shot back. “I’ve shed more blood in the arena than you, and you’ve been here five.”
“No,” Steve said, cutting him off. “He’ll be fine. Bruce is the best physician in these parts.”
Jarvis mewed in worry, but before Tony could do anything, he heard loud talking from in the back of the shop. He leaned to get a look down the passage, his curiosity piqued.
“You are my friend,” he told Tony, who seemed to relax at the words. “I am dealing with a personal concern, nothing more.”
His reaction was completely out of his control, as Tony felt himself freeze, heart pounding as he stared at Maybe-George for just a moment before he realised his mistake. But it was too late, it had been obvious as fuck.
Oscar was barking up a storm, growling and pulling at his lead trying to get at the intruders.
He bundled Peter up in a blanket and Steve’s coat, but as soon as he got outside, he cursed.
“Mhmmm.”
He probably shouldn’t. He was meant to be keeping a low profile.
“Some guy dropped it off, said he’d be back for it in a couple of hours.” The carrier meowed.
She felt her eyes prickle and clutched Dad tighter.
When it was time to go, Steve walked them home, citing Dodgers leftover energy from the dog park cut short, and Tony agreed, happy to spend a little more time in Steve’s company. When Peter got tired, Steve even offered to carry him, putting him up on his shoulders in a way and making the little guy laugh as he gently bounced him. Tony expected the familiar panic but was surprised when none came. That was...something. Somehow, Peter being two meters off the ground and flailing wildly with joy didn’t seem so scary when it was Steve doing it.
That was rather charming. A big guy like Steve willing to put himself on the line for others. Then the last of what Sam said made Tony’s ears prick up. “Steve’s big on soulmates then?” That didn’t bode well for his chances of a nice roll in the sheets.
Now it was noisy and packed with people, yet somehow quiet and isolating. It felt like everyone was speaking another language and when he tried to make a connection it was like he was speaking gibberish.
Steve grinned. “It’s certainly a perk.”
Steve’s face lit up. “You bought more?”
“True enough.” Sam grabbed a tray of bread. “Can you take that out front? I bet we’re due a restock.”
Tony’s eyebrows raised. He wasn’t usually that friendly with new people. He watched as Steve grinned in delight, petting Jarvis with a firm hand.
He heard Bucky curse behind him and grinned, knowing they’d have his back. A guard looked up, but he didn’t have time to react before Steve planted his fist in the guy’s face.  He heard the sound of a gun going off, but Bucky, Sam, and the other men were there disarming people, while Mr Barton stayed at the top of the ridge with his rifle trained and ready.
“Eh, modesty’s for people who aren’t as cute as me,” Tony said, wiggling his eyebrows.
“Yeah of course,” Steve said, reaching into his pocket and taking out a red ball. “You want to try to throw this for him?”
“Nice to meet you, Steve. I’m Tony.” Tony leaned his hip against the desk. “So you on a road trip?”
He scanned the area trying to spot any flash of colour or movement that might indicate the presence of his wayward tutor, but there was nothing.
“Oh sure,” Steve agreed, feeling almost sad to be sent away. Sam’s workshop was calming and he didn’t feel like he had to
“I have taken a feather from its wing. And it can no longer fight. I have defeated it.”
“Surely not. A tough armour maker like you?”
you will never tell anyone I called him that.”
which echoed across the stadium. He could hear the crowd now, a mix of cheers and jeers from all around and he kicked out a hoof to catch another gladiator in an unarmoured part of his leg. He pulled his sword from the scabbard and swung it bringing it down as the man lifted a gauntleted arm to block it. It came crunching down and the man yowled at his no-doubt broken arm. He saw the others approaching and on some wild instinct tossed the shield bouncing it off one into the other and knocking them to the ground. Three down and three to go. He ran forward throwing himself at and crashing them to the ground. The fight wasn’t to the death, and Stíofán made sure to draw visible blood without too much damage, and pushed himself up for the last of his opponents. He was getting tired, so he was glad of the extra training.
He hummed, and Tony’s hands clenched. He was prepared for bad news.
This the third and final planned mini-sequel for Object Matrimony! I hope you’ve enjoyed! This is all I have written, but never say never - I may add to this verse at some point ♥️
Tony ignored him, still mad and unwilling to engage yet. The alpha fell silent, walking dutifully behind him. They made the rest of the trip home without speaking, the Sheriff only stopping to take care of the horse.
“Right. And why me?”
“See if you can flip it, or toss it off. Then get him out of there as soon as possible.”
were not coming into his house, and he would see them off before his husband returned home. He wouldn’t have Steve face them alone and unwarned.
The kiss deepened, and Tony let himself push a little. He shifted forward, his thigh brushing the Sheriff’s, and making the alpha twitch.
“It’s not just legs anymore, I have plans for a bionic eye, to replace the eye ol’ Fluffy lost in an alley fight, right?”
“Huh,” Steve looked impressed. “That’s a really good idea. Better than finding out he likes them more in theory than in practice when it’s too late.”
“That one,” Tony gasped, feeling a light nip to the skin of his neck. “On the left.”
“What happened?” Tony called as he and Rhodey hurried over, likely summoned by the crash.
“A what?”
“What do you--”
Tony snorted. “You got me. But I’m sure he’d love to hear them anyway.” He looked at Steve. “Take a breather with John, hmm? I’ll do the rounds.”
“Oh sure, well congrats! That’s such great news.” He gave them both a hug, revelling in how happy they both seemed.
Tony smiled, as if anyone could make the sheriff do something he didn’t want to do. “Of course.”
For a moment, he thought he’d miscalculated and he would be gored, trapped against the wall of the arena. But instead, the manticore chirped, and it spread its wings to their fullest extent. They beat down, lifting the beast into the air, and Stíofán reached out, swiping a feather from the wing as the beast launched itself into the air and took to the skies with a loud, cawing shriek.
“I am!”
Steve frowned. “That’s not exactly dinner.”
“You might not have been,” Tony protested. “You might have been gutted like a pig, and I wouldn’t have known until it was too late.”
him. Love, he decided. This was what his mother had meant.
Rhodey looked at the other man who shrugged. “I’m fine if he wants to try.”
, the sounds of the other satyrs pleasing themselves not uncommon.
He got up, stripping to his skin and hiding his gown away out of sight. He slipped back under the bedding, pulling it over himself so no skin below his neck could be seen. Then he waited.
“I don’t want to hear it,” Tony growled. “You are my only link here, and yet you act like you don’t owe me anything. I deserve to know if my husband is dead or alive, and yet you didn't care one whit how I was feeling.”
Maria swallowed, a lump settling in her throat. She hadn’t really thought all about this part; the excitement of a new place, new people, and the lure of finally being an adult and standing on her own two feet had been all she’d thought of for months.
One evening in town they had gone to one of the smaller saloons for a meal.
Tony shook his head. “I have a thing tonight, but thank you.”
“Here she is, all finished and shiny, and isn’t she great?”
As they walked out Steve hung back, and Tony figured he should probably do the same.
“I bet that’s nice. My best friend, his kids are one and three and they’re fun but the games get a little repetitive.” Steve smiled again. “So he’s Peter and you’re…?”
Steve grinned as he flopped down onto Tony’s chest. “Yeah well, won’t hear any complaints from me. I got a lot of time to make up for.”
Steve took a deep breath, shaking the stiffness from his shoulders. “You got it.”
“Oh, Sheriff, I’m glad to see you. I was wondering if-” Old Mrs Bonneville’s voice caught in his ear as he felt a spike of dread. No, no not now. He was late!
“Won’t you?” Stíofán finally asked. “When you have to watch your kid eventually forced to fight or be sold off? What then?”
And he’d tried. So, so hard.
“Right,” Steve agreed. “It’s not like it needs walking or feeding.”
The saloon was a wave of noise and the smell of beer and tobacco. It was almost overwhelming, and Tony felt himself nearly gag on it. He scanned the room looking for anyone who could help when his eyes fell on a familiar blond head.
“Tony!”
to himself as he scrolled through the stats JARVIS had helpfully pulled up on the nearest screen. Tony hummed to himself, tapping at diagram after diagram. “Mhm, pHCa 5.5… of course, yeah, so we just… keep it at that. Looks good. Does it look good, J?”
There was a telltale rumble from the Sheriff’s stomach. Tony snorted while Steve giving him a sheepish look. “That sounds perfect.” Then his face dropped a little. “I forgot I used the cocoa to stop Hodge. Guess there won’t be any cake tonight.”
The alpha rocked back on his heels, then seemed to realise something. “Where are my manners? Here let me take your bag.” He took the carpet-bag, hefting it without any effort whatsoever. “Are you ready to go?”
They both froze, listening for the signs of waking kids, but when it remained silent, Stíofán raised an eyebrow. “Thought I told you to keep quiet?”
“Thanks,” Steve grinned, and then he headed off towards the conference rooms. Tony watched him go, eyes caught on his more...prominent assets until he turned the corner.
The man was across the room in a flash, and Tony found himself thrown free. He watched in awe as the man in blue lift the henchman off his feet and into the air. The guy was so strong for being so slight. He couldn’t be any taller than Steve, but he was lifting nearly two hundred pounds without breaking a sweat.
Steve felt the blood drain from his face. He released him, ignoring the yelp as the bandit hit the ground.
“Ah,” Sam offered. “Yeah, that’ll do it.”
“Maaaaa!” He called and moved to meet her halfway, hugging her and swinging her around with ease.
Steve laughed, accidentally dislodging the kitten who tumbled into his arms instead, settling down and starting to purr.
“Forget it,” the guy snapped, picking up his bike. “I get enough shit from those guys. I don’t need it from some guy in an oversized hoodie.”
He rubbed the sleep from his eyes and passed a hand over the other side of the bed, finding it cold.
He tapped the name in his contacts and waited.
They were soft, well cared for. Stíofán knew his own would feel rough by comparison, the skin dry and tanned by the sun. He wrapped his hand around the back of Antonius’ neck, feeling him shiver as he deepened the kiss. This was nice, Stíofán thought. Nice to have a touch that wasn’t a whip or the slash of a sword, or a hit during training. It felt intimate, in a way their coupling hadn’t. The doe seemed to like it, making an inquisitive sound as his tongue came to brush over Stíofán’s. Stíofán let him in, letting his other hand drift up and down Antonius’ arm. He deepened the kiss, feeling a thrill when Antonius’ moaned quietly into it, pleased the other enjoyed it as much as he did. The feeling relit the fires of his arousal, which surprised him. He had not been this easily riled since he’d been on the brink of manhood, but now he was raring to go.
“I should get going,” Steve said, pocketing his phone and Edwin nodded.
“This isn’t a video game, Hawkeye,” Steve said long-sufferingly. “But they
Or something.
“See you later.”
Steve’s alphahood seemed particularly on board, creating a tent in the fabric, and both of them froze for a moment, looking down at it.
That caught Tony up short and he stared. “Not once?”
, which brushed over his interested cock. He hissed as he wrapped the cloth around his hips and pulled on a tunic. He wiggled his tail through the hole in the back, aware of Tony’s gaze on him.
Steve rubbed his hand over his face. “I went into full heat
The thought that Peter might get hurt - or, heaven forbid, might die - made his insides want to shrivel up in grief. And even the notion that he might have to tell Steve they had lost their baby, that Tony hadn't been able to protect him, was too much to bear.
“I don’t have
Steve shook his head. “No, it’s fine. And he sent me the address of a motel in town so I can get a room.”
“Yeah, it was. And after that, I’ve just been worried. A lot. About everything that can hurt him. But I’m trying. That’s partly what the dog thing was about, I wanted to let him have fun and prove to myself I could let him run around without being on edge the whole time.” He gave Steve a self-deprecating smile. “I haven’t quite managed it, but you’ve helped a lot.”
“Well I was going to make us some boiled pork and greens, but that’ll take too much time now. I think we’ll just have johnnycakes and bacon, how’s that sound?”
Rhodey looked concerned. “Alright Steve, it’s just a helicopter, you’re ok.”
Sam took a gulp of beer, nodding. “Honestly, I don’t think there was a right way. They’re going to miss you two regardless of which colleges you went to. Classic empty nest.”
He almost wasn’t, but an unexpected detour sent him down a side street of well kept houses and tidy lawns, just in time to catch someone cursing loudly, his head swinging around to see it.
This was not how he’d imagined his secret getting out.
“Hi?” Tony offered. He wasn’t sure what was happening here, but it felt like a trap.
Oh no.
“What’s with that face?”
“My dad. When I was a kid he used to go on expeditions to find him. When he died, he left money for them to continue. What if he succeeded?”
Before Steve could answer, there was a loud groan and the remaining wheels gave way, sending the cart bed crashing to the floor. Steve stared at it and then looked back at Tony. “Good Lord.”
Tony still looked angry. “This is why I didn't want to tell you! Because I knew you’d get that stupid, stubborn look on your face and do something foolish. You dying in that impossible challenge will do nothing except hurt me and leave your kid without a sire.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
He quickly undressed Peter, who barely lifted an arm to bat at him, and saw to his horror that the rash was covering his whole chest in a sickly red.
“I’ll fight them,” Stíofán told him seriously. “They’ll see how special you are soon enough.”
He trailed them over, revelling in the sensation, knowing that his cheeks had to be green if Tony’s delighted grin was anything to go by.
“He’s in the tent. In the tent with Hodge!”
Mr Wilson gave him an answering grin. “So I heard. He tells me you’re a natural, though I didn’t know if that were the truth or just the ramblings of a lovesick alpha.”
“I see.” Tony walked over, perching on the desk in front of Steve’s chair. “How much did you like it?”
Tony placed his mail on a crate next to the station and made his way over.
Dad looked back at the letter and then back at her. “I mean sure, I mean you could’ve picked a nice Ivy league close to home, but yeah, on the other side of the country, hours away from your loving friends and family, that’s nice too.” He sounded out of breath and she was starting to worry he wasn’t getting enough air.
She linked her arm around his and led him firmly down one of the side streets, turning a few corners until they reached a pretty house with a pitched roof and a garden filled with flowers.
His Ma huffed. “You're as bad as your father was when he was a kid. He always used to run away when it was time for his bath.”
He wasn’t sure why he was thinking about it. It was a simple misunderstanding, no further action needed to be taken.
Although they coupled often, some nights they did nothing at all. Instead, they would lie on the pallet, and Stíofán would tell Tony stories from his home. Grand tales of magic and warriors, or simple stories, like the time he and Buck had accidentally let the livestock free and been forced to chase them across the fields.
He could feel the doe’s tail wagging against his crotch, the sign that his body was ready and Stíofán groaned. The doe shifted slightly, and his curly locks brushed Stíofán’s nipples, the sensation against his bare chest just pushing him higher.
Steve’s eyes went wide as he caught the shift in Tony’s voice. “Figured it would be a surprise. Does it look good?”
Stíofán looked around to see Rhodey rushing over, Tony cradled against his chest.
Steve huffed. “Oh yeah? You hiding something, Iron Man?”
“What do we know?”
of a lot longer.”
Mr Barton, “call me Clint,” let him ride up top when they tested it, and ended up taking him on a tour around the farm. He wasn’t much older than Tony, and it turned out they had a very similar sense of humour.
“You committed a crime, Mr Hodge, and your time has been served. I suggest you move on.”
His boyfriend. A superhero.
He stripped off, dragging out the small heater Sam had left him, sending a tendril of magic to give it a safe boost. He hung up his clothes to dry, noticing now the huge bruise on his hip, and his head started to ache from the chattering of his teeth. He crawled beneath the big heavy duvet on his bed.
Steve’s breath hitched and Tony felt the thrill of satisfaction. “You like that?”
He resisted the urge to poke his tongue at them.
“Alright, alright,” Steve said, trying to soothe him. The day had clearly been long if his omega was so distressed, so far from his usual quick wit and fire. It was as if there were ants in his drawers the way he was twitching, and if making love to him was what he needed to relax, well.
Steve held out the hand not covered in oil. “Steve Rogers.”
He flapped a hand at her. “Yeah, yeah, I’ve got it. We’re here on the right date aren’t we?”
“And uh, I guess I kind of developed a crush on you from then, one that I obviously never thought would come to fruition, for obvious ‘you-crashed-in-to-the-ocean-seventy-years-ago' reasons, but then you were found, and well, it really took off.”
Steve took the seat next to Tony, gently rubbing his shoulder. “You did good in there. Not everyone would’ve handled themselves as well as you did.”
Azari gave her a grin before jogging over to tap J.J on the shoulder. J.J spun around with a shout of excitement when he saw who was beside him and bear-hugged the crown prince of Wakanda.
“He has a name,” Steve said calmly and Tony threw his arms up.
Reminded of the fight, Stíofán felt the energy still bursting beneath his skin, seeking an outlet. Stíofán stepped forward, wrapping an arm loosely around the doe’s waist, pulling him up against his chest. “Well, I had a good incentive. I don’t think I’ve seen a more beautiful doe in my life.”
“Hi,” Stíofán said, hoping to make a better impression. “Are you ok?”
“Pregnant. Your belly is firming up, there’s some protrusion, and you’re late for your heat. All signs point to pup. You didn’t notice the changes?”
“Only because Jarvis reminded you.”
He knew he shouldn’t, but he was finding it a little hard to think, and when he opened his mouth, the words came without thought. “If I meet any I’ll let you know.”
The sheriff, however. Well, the sheriff was a shuffler.
He suspected any day now, Mr Rogers would come to his study, not to take tea with him as he looked forward to everyday, but tell him he had accepted a proposal and would be taking his leave.
“We should water it.” Tony glanced at the watering can, then back at the plant. “Right?”
“I know.” He pulled her into an embrace, trying to hold off the tears that desperately wanted to escape. He’d made this decision. It was the right decision, he was sure of it, but it didn’t make it any easier. “I’ll miss you.”
“I’ll come by and find you if you’re still there. Otherwise, I’ll see you at home.”
The sheriff’s muscled abdomen rubbed deliciously over his cock, and he swallowed a whimper.
What-- Bags? Drawers? He didn’t understand, he knew what he needed and it was slowly slipping out the door.
“Dad! He won’t let me take the ball!” An indignant voice cut through and Tony looked to see an equally indignant face looking at them.
Steve grinned, leaning in to give him a kiss. “I guess you just bring out the best in me.”
One day he’d see it again. One day he’d be home.
Tony pushed himself to his feet to stand in front of him. “I am sick of chasing you around the
, but the lack of fur was telling.”
He stayed under the covers listening intently as Steve answered the door.
“Pups are cute,” Steve shot back. “Liking the idea of something ain’t the same as needing. Or being unhappy with my lot.” He gave Tony a squeeze. “You’ve been thinking about this a lot, huh?”
“Pfffft,” Tony told him with a grin. “So could I, with the right spell.”
“He’s fine Stark. He has rolled his ankle and there is swelling, but rest will see it healed. He does have a very minor fever, but I believe that too will pass, though call me back if it should get significantly worse.”
Pierce got to his feet and seemed to freeze. Then he burst out laughing. “I hardly think you’re in any position to demand anything of me. Is this what the Americans consider a threat?” Then he launched himself over the bar.
“Stanford.” Her dad had unfolded the letter and was looking at it intently. “You applied for Stanford?”
Steve showed Tony a few training tricks before bed, and Oscar was placed in his basket for sleep. If Tony maybe went and got him when he started to get upset in the middle of the night, he didn’t see the harm: there was plenty of room at the end of the bed.
“So, uh, what kind of dog were you thinking of getting Peter?”
Tony frowned. It was the standard phrase for non-magic folk all over as far as he knew. “Commoner? It’s just--”
“Of course,” Mrs Jones said, looking like she’d swallowed a fly. “We’d be delighted.”
“Such a long journey,” Ana said, looking surprised. “All on your own.”
The sheriff was adamant about keeping his promise, and once regular riding lessons were established, next came first aid for living in rural California and, to Tony’s surprise and delight, handling a rifle.
“I think that’s still my -”
“I wanted to look like yours,” Peter pouted. “Not flat like Papa’s.”
Colonel Phillips grunted. “What’s that damn fool doing? He’ll get himself killed!”
“Do, Mr. Bradbury? I intend to
“I want to hear good news,” a voice boomed, and a man entered the room. “Where are my weapons?”
“Let me go, you fucker,” the guard shouted, trying to get free.
“Mr Rogers, what are you--”
Steve groaned as they dismounted, hearing Sam’s near-matching grunt as his boots hit the dirt. “I swear, next time Phillips can chase outlaws on his own.”
“Hey darling, miss me?” There was barely any hesitation before an apparently very overwrought omega tumbled into his arms and buried his face in his neck. He wrapped his arms around him tight, feeling Tony shudder and hearing the tell-tale sniffling sounds of the tears he was trying to hide.
“Fury will free you, either way.”
He pushed open the door, balancing the tray of coffees and pastries on one hand. “Sorry, I’m late, you know how it is, when your name is on the building, you stop caring about schedules.
“Famous last words,” Steve mumbled, wincing when Bucky boxed him in the shoulder. With his metal arm. Ouch. “Fine. What did you have in mind?”
"That's so good, is that just from memory?" Tony asked, impressed.
“Subtext.” Tony turned back to the plant. “So. What do we do?”
“Wow,” Tony stared down at the picture again. “This is…”
Tony took his fee, tucking it into his pocket along with the little box of cookies Laura gave him, making him promise to visit again to return the container with a wink.
He had been hoping for another sooner, but apparently that wasn't in the cards.
“Steve?!” He squeaked out, voice barely a croak. No one heard him, too focused on the scene at hand.
That was it. He was tired of waiting around, and if he wanted something he’d better do something about it.
“I’m not sure I could fit another slice,” he told Tony conspiratorially. “But I happen to know two fellas that could.”
Steve grinned. “Nah, but I’ll tell you what, you get a free pass on KP duty tonight, I’ll cook, huh?”
He thought again about Steve, wondering how long he’d waited. Probably not long —
“Holy shit. Steve Rogers. I just, I thought the name was a coincidence. But that, you said those guys were seriously high level? High enough to, I don’t know, clone Captain America?”
It was a little odd. She’d thought Pops would be a little more upset about them leaving, but he just kept telling them how proud he was and how excited he was that they were going off to college and getting to start a new chapter. Spending his evenings googling the best bus routes and grocery stores for them to use.
He tapped a knuckle against his bag. He ought to walk to town, he supposed, and start making inquiries. He couldn’t stay here all day.
“Feel better Tony,” Rhodey said, looking very concerned. “I’ll check in on you tomorrow,” he called as he left to head back to the forge.
“I demand retribution,” Hodge snapped, looking at Steve. “If you won’t take a hand to your omega, I will. He needs to learn some damn respect.”
“Ma!” Stíofán complained and the kids giggled. So much for looking responsible.
“Then this is going to blow your mind.”
” There was a thud and a crash, and then the static abruptly cut off.
Tony huffed. “None of your business. Do you see me asking you about the literal bird nest you made for Redwing? Who, in case you haven’t noticed, is not an
“You know much about planes?”
Antonius looked over his shoulder, the cute horns and dark eyes were bright under the glow of the candles that lit Stíofán’s room. He could hear the sounds of the others returning to their cells, and it pushed him to get on with it, lest any of them think of coming to take this gorgeous creature from him.
“Scarlet fever. You’ll need to keep Peter away from the other kids once we send you home. It spreads easily.”
“I promise.”
“She said to keep up your training,” Nakia said, gesturing at the spear. “Especially now you’re moving away.”
It was...nice. Tony had kissed alphas before, nothing serious, just kids fooling around. This was very different. This was his
“How are your folks dealing with it?”
“Yeah well, big, blond, ex-army artist wasn’t exactly a coincidence either,” Tony admitted. “I sort of figured it’d be like training wheels.”
“Papa!” a little tired voice called, and Steve felt his chest fill with something he couldn’t describe. Peter was sitting up against a few pillows, a smile on his face, and Steve took a seat next to Tony, taking the pup’s hand when he reached for him.
“I can look after myself Dad.”
“Oh!” Tony said, covering his mouth with his hands.
Was he ever going to catch a break?
Steve drove off with one last wave, and headed for the way out of town. As he reached the corner, he looked back to see Edwin watching from the porch. The old man gave him one last wave, then disappeared inside.
“Well, we ought to think of a plan.”
Stíofán snorted. “Best hold your tongue, or I might be tempted to show you just what a beast I am. You know they call my people savages don’t you?”
for a moment longer I will die, do you hear me?”
He gave himself a rubdown with the provided rags, rewrapped the fabric of his
As he got closer, he caught the back of an oddly familiar blond head. He stiffened. He had no interest in having it out with Rogers, though he should’ve known he’d be here given what Rhodey and Sam said. He turned, trying to slip away quietly, but Rogers must’ve caught sight of him out the corner of his eye because he turned, leaping up.
Credit where credit was due, Bucky didn’t hesitate further, though he looked side to side as if daring anyone to say anything. He leaned down, slicing through them, and Tony felt the material give way with a sigh of relief. He reached beneath his shirt and pulled it off, tossing it over his shoulder.
Tony turned his head and his eyes widened. There in the alley was a group of guys, three tall and one much shorter. Tony’s eyes caught on the shorter one who faced his way, face screwed up in determination. He was glaring at the other three, standing in front of what Tony could see was a bike lying on the ground and assumed was the source of the noise.
Couldn’t he have a little something for himself? Just this once?
“Sir, yes, sir.”
“Sure, yeah. Why are you here?” Tony asked bluntly. Who was this guy to come here and seduce his familiar? Honestly.
“Yes Captain,” came the reply, and a moment later, the lights came on, flooding the room in a yellow glow.
It was a large canvas, a portrait of a woman, a nurse. She looked tired, but strong, beautiful even as she treated a patient whose face was hidden from sight. Tony didn’t usually think much of art other than ‘that’s cool’ or ‘Just no’, but this was...arresting. Tony stood in front of it, captivated.
Tony picked up the other piece, unable to feel anything but despair, though he knew he should be grateful this was the worst of it. He considered walking around to the front of the bakery but the idea of having to face anyone felt like too much, so instead he jumped the fence and made his way up to his room unnoticed.
He closed the app as he neared his destination, the car pulling up outside the art gallery bumping slightly against the curb. He hadn’t wanted to come to this thing in the first place, but his Business Manager Pepper had insisted. It was good networking and his business needed all the connections he could get. Cat prosthetics didn’t sell themselves.
The words made Tony feel hot and needy, and he felt a gush of slick pour out around Steve’s cock. That’s what he wanted. “Yes, alpha, please, yes.”
“Alright, alright,” Stíofán said, and Tony looked triumphant. “Fine, I get it. “
His chest was tight, his eyes felt hot, and he realised to his horror there was a tear making its way down his cheek.
“Rhodey, seriously if you don’t--”
Tony waited.
“Careful!” An arm snapped around his waist, stopping him from taking a tumble. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to give you a fright. I was just going to bring you some breakfast.”
Tony just about knocked over the beer the bartender put in front of him. “Oh my god.”
“Fine,” Tony said, trying to reassure, but the blood seemed to drain from the Sheriff’s face the longer he waited.
As Bucky slipped into the passenger seat, a man turned in the driver’s seat and Tony realised it was Mr Dorito Artist himself, Steve Rogers.
“Yes Ma.”
Steve wandered over to his closet and pulled out his duffel. He threw in some clothes, some toiletries and finally his sketchbook and a few supplies.
Steve nodded, a wry smile on his lips. “Something like that. For now, I’d just like to be out of my shitty apartment. The heating breaks on the regular, so it’s cold nights and cold showers.”
“There’s someone here. Someone from outside. He’s coming up the main stairwell, and he’s—ACK!”
“Steve just has…a bit of a chip on his shoulder is all. He was always to do what we did, enlist and fly, but his health problems meant he couldn’t. So, he’s always been a bit? tetchy. A lot of the guys around here give him a tough time too, so he’s got a bit of a short fuse if he thinks someone’s picking on him. It’s not personal.”
There was another rattle, quieter this time, and then it faded away. Steve came over to them, still holding Dodger tight. “You guys ok?”
Peter nodded but looked longingly at Dodger. Tony felt a little bad, but-- “Come on, we’ve taken enough of Steve’s time.” He had a sudden thought. “Oh god, I hope you didn’t have anything to do! I’m sure you weren’t expecting to spend half an hour with a random kid.”
fine!” Tony shrieked, flailing a hand at Steve’s prone form in the hospital bed. “Steve got maimed for your fucking basil!”
“Alright, alright, don’t worry now.” The alpha scooped Peter easily into his arms, leaving Tony to stand on his own, feeling suddenly bereft. “We’ll go see the doctor. Come on.”
“I know what my profile said, Tony. Artist, volunteer, veteran. It said I was a
.” Steve’s face was decidedly more red now even though he still stubbornly avoided looking at Tony. “So you can stop blaming Nat, okay? It was my own fault that I -”
Right.
“Felt like we’d never get home.”
“Do you maybe want to have dinner with me?”
, are you - just fucking - give it here!” Steve ripped at the straps until they came off Tony’s shoulders, slinging the baby bjorn around his own chest. “Go! I’ll protect your stupid plant.”
Jarvis hopped up onto his shoulder, and Tony straddled the broom begging it to behave. “Thank you, everyone. See you in a year!”
“I wish I could build a craft like that,” Tony mused aloud as they walked.
Tony poked his head out of the attic window, spotting Sam doing the same from the kitchen. “What?”
Tony could feel his cheeks heat even as he kissed back, all the want he’d been feeling for the last few months rising in his chest and pushing him forward to tangle his fingers in Steve’s hair and hold him close.
“Gods, I-- I’d hoped but I--” Stíofán could feel the grin sliding over his face, the happy bubbling of joy in his chest.
“A mate and a kid, you could not make me any happier,” his ma said, beaming. “It’s nice to meet you Tony.”
Tony watched as the dirigible tipped, the back end riding until the whole thing was vertical. It would be almost comical, if it weren’t so clearly a disaster.
By the time he reached town, Tony was near drenched in sweat.
The alpha reached out to rest his hand on Tony’s. “I
She huffed as a smile broke out on her face. “Thanks. You can message me tomorrow so I can check yours – make sure you don’t look like too much of a small-town hick.”
He couldn’t help but wish Steve would put his arm around him, maybe turn his head and --
Tony figured he was probably a little sensitive about his height, so he changed the subject. “We’ll be working together then?”
“I don’t-- is he?” Rhodey sounded just as shocked, his hand twisting in the fabric of Tony’s sweater.
“Please,” Pierce smirked. “You think I don’t have an exit strategy? After I got up here, one of my men went to wire the doors with explosives. If any try to enter they’ll be killed, and it’ll take hours for them to send anyone else. We’ve got all the time I need.”
Deputy Wilson snorted. “Most of them are fine enough, but we do get our share of trouble. Oh, I almost forgot -” Then he ducked under his desk for a moment before pulling out a package wrapped in brown paper. “Mr Rogers, a housewarming gift for you, from myself and Mrs Wilson.”
“Sorry for yelling.”
Which is why it was a shock to find Tony lying on his bed when he stepped into his quarters.
He almost got himself killed for this fucking useless, stupid -”
Steve’s head snapped up. That hadn’t been in his head, that had been--
Damnit.
“I think so. He’s strong, and Tony took good care of him and got him here. He’s got a real good chance, especially if we can get the fever to break. The rash is a symptom. The fever is the real problem.”
He could do this.
“Thanks. And you know what that means? Means you have to take better care of yourself so I don’t have to fret. I can’t be worrying over two kiddos at once,” Rhodey told him sternly and Tony nodded.
“What’s a Witch’s Journey?”
“I hope you like bread and butter pudding, Steve. It’s my own recipe and one of Ana’s favourites.”
“Sure Pops,” J.J said, grabbing the keys. “Do we need anything from the store?”
“--and her you see? There! She slips the ivory chess piece into her pocket. Can’t help herself, does it at every party.”
They made sense to him. The way they moved and every piece working together: it was like a language he knew inherently to speak. And his magic could make it even better. He could make things work on their own, he could repair appliances with a flick of his wrist and he could even make them fly. There was so much potential for his magic, but the people in his hometown weren’t used to this sort of thing. They liked the traditional practices, but he was sure that once he found his new town he could convince them it was useful.
“Steve! Is the bike done?” Sam called, coming out of the bakery.
“No, I know. I’m glad he’s your friend. Means I don’t have to worry about you when you’re working.” He hugged the faun tightly. “Come on, let’s get you back.”
“How old is he?”
Of course. Tony went to the bed, stripping the bed of the linens and uncovering the mattress. He’d seen Ana do this too, and so he dragged the heavy mattress outside. The sweat poured from his brow by the time he was done, his fingers sore from grasping it and his arms tired. He threw it over the fence outside, and taking a stick he’d found, he began to beat the dust from it. He opted to leave it air and returned inside. He considered cleaning the sheets immediately, but he knew that would take most of his time and decided to leave the washing for another day.
He dragged Tony to the furthest point of the room, and Tony caught Pepper’s worried gaze before they stepped behind a low divider wall and the rest of his employees were out of view. The room was quiet as they waited, and then there was a thud against the outer door. A few people screamed, the guard barking at them to stay quiet. Pierce held his breath to see if the door would withstand the assault. The door shuddered as something knocked against it a few times, but the heavy furniture in front of it kept it on its hinges.
Rhodey slung an arm around his shoulders and hugged him. “I know.”
“Still hot,” Betty told him, walking around to replace the cloth on Peter’s head. “But no worse.”
“Fine.”
“Thank you, sir.”
“You know that’s-- I have to go,” Tony hung up abruptly as he spotted something vile across the road.
“I know, I know,” the one called Rhodey said, biting his thumb. “We called the repair guy, but who knows when he’ll get here.”
. The words echoed in his head, the dozens of voices who had told him he’d be fine once he just learned to move on...
Steve frowned. “What happened to it?”
The next few weeks felt like a different life.
Tony didn’t even have a chance to react before an arm wrapped around his throat, and he was pulled bodily against something solid.
Rhodey raised an eyebrow. “When did you two last have something to eat?”
“Yes Da.”
“I would. Unless you do your duty.” He thrust his hips against Stíofán’s belly. “Come on, my big, strong buck.”
“I mean it Tony. I’ll make him a kennel.”
“You mean Rhodey.”
Pierce was fighting hard, sweat already forming on his skin. He tried to land blows against the other man, but each was blocked. Now that Tony could see a little better, he could see the white of a tank top, dark with dried blood, and thick blue pants and combat boots. The man’s face was hidden by a cowl, eyes shielded in the shadows caused by the moonlight streaming in.
“Can’t wait for the next ones, think we could go for three?”
He and Jarvis had set to work after breakfast. He swept out the dust and dirt, mopped the floors, and made the bed with fresh linens. He cheated a little as well, using a few of his mother’s best cleaning spells to clean the curtains and remove all the spiders from the nooks and crannies in the ceiling.
“Jemison?” Steve asked. “Interesting name for a cat.”
“Yes, obviously yes,” Tony said with a whine. “We’re doing that again sometime.”
Tony gritted his teeth. “I’m not as fussy as all that. I take keeping my house seriously, you know.”
“You have it. You know you do. I just worry.”
“Dad! Dad! Dad!”
“Ah, sorry,” Steve said quietly. “It’s been...a really long time since I’ve done anything like this, and what I did do wasn’t much.”
“It is a simple question. As a senior officer, if you are engaging in… intimacy with another crew member, it is important for the command team to be aware of it to ensure it meets Starfleet regulations.”
Stíofán was confused by the sudden change in topic, but Tony sitting snuggly against him was doing wonders. He slipped his hands under Tony’s thighs and lifted him up, pulling him tight against him as he stood.
“I think you’re being more than vigilant,” Steve grouched, giving the codliver oil on the bedside table a glare. “Why do I have to take that?”
Stíofán hid a grin. “Glad to see you got your priorities in order.”
Steve shook his head. “No, I— I’m new to the city, I don’t really know anyone yet. I’m still getting used to things.”
“He definitely seemed to know his stuff.”
Steve leaned more heavily on his elbow. “Celebrating?”
Tony smirked as they reached the door. “
Steve shivered where he sat, curled up on the grass.
“I am going to see if I can find him. If he returns, tell him to let Jarvis know.”
“Well, I mean who wants to drop so much cash for an animal that’ll only end up using it for a few years? Seems like a waste of time.”
“For what?”
He pulled Tony into the curve of his body, wrapping his arms around him tight. “You did so good. I’m so proud of you.”
He gave Steve a farewell wave - he had to hurry along so he wouldn’t be late to meet up with Rhodey - but the exchange made him smile for the rest of the day.
“Even if that were true, I think the human half of you knows how to lie pretty well. Spill. Or we’re taking chocolate shots until your tongue loosens up a bit.“
Apparently, Steve’s aim did
He heard the hoofbeats behind him, but he didn't turn around. He trusted Sam and Bucky were with him, along with a few other volunteers they sometimes relied on when they needed to form a posse.
“Dad’s already freaking out about me moving to the West Coast. Can you imagine how he’d handle it if I moved continents?!”
“So I would lose two slaves. I’m yet to see the benefit to me.”
When Steve’s eyes fluttered open and he was greeted with Tony’s delighted face, he huffed. “Not a word.”
Steve swallowed, feeling a tendril of despair. “I’m not in much of a position to be romancing anyone if I’m honest.”
“And I figured any man who’d eat that monstrosity of a pie must have a heart of gold...and a cast-iron stomach.”
So Stíofán told them the tale of Mac Da Thó’s pig, so big it could only be carried by forty oxen and how it had been cooked for a great feast where the heroes fought over who would get the lion’s share.
She rolled her eyes, brandishing the package. “I can just buy a cheap lint roller if that happens. I don’t need twelve of them!”
Tony grunted as his back hit the apartment wall, his foot reaching out to kick the door closed.
Antonius wiggled in his lap, rising and dropping down so that Stíofán slid deep inside. Stíofán’s eyes nearly crossed, the tight grip clamping down when he was so close to the mark.
“This is how you get to know people,” Sam offered cheerfully, petting Jarvis who had wrapped around his ankle. “And wear your witch robe, it’ll make a good talking point.”
The Alpha gasped, hands clawing at Steve’s grip. “Hodge? In the big tent over there.”
The alpha was panting heavily, the thrusts picking up speed but getting more uneven. There was a grunt, and the strongest thrust of all, and the sheriff relaxed atop him, his arm holding his weight so as not to crush him.
It did not explain, however, his sudden preoccupation with Tony. Before Lanova he considered Tony a valued colleague and friend. They sparred, played three-dimensional chess, and often ate together -- the latter had begun as a command from Captain Fury for S’Teve to ensure Tony ate regularly instead of skipping meals when he was caught up in his work, but it had soon become a simple tradition, in which S’Teve brought food for them both to Engineering and they would sup together when their schedules allowed.
When it got late, Tony set him up on the couch, promising him a comfy night sleep. After getting through his nightly bathroom routine, he settled in tucked under the thick blanket. His mind was calm and clear of the thoughts that usually plagued him before bed, probably for the first time in months. He was just so exhausted.
“You can’t just look at a bed and know if it’s bed bug-free!”
When Tony had to return to the shop, Steve reluctantly put the kittens back in the playroom. Their antics had cheered him up alot, leaving him feeling lighter, not so dragged down by the heavy weight he’d been carrying. It was like taking a breath after being underwater.
“Yeah, well, I promised Nat.”
As he sat across from the guy in front of him though, he wondered why.
“YES! I mean,” Tony cleared his throat. “Yes, I'm sure that would be lovely.”
Sure, the advice he’d gotten from the older omegas in town was that it took time and that not conceiving during the first couple of heats was perfectly normal. But it felt like it should’ve happened. They'd been trying - boy had they been trying. He would confidently say he and Steve were easily the most enthusiastic couple in the town.
“You don’t?”
“Big barbarian buck,” Tony snorted. “Who are you trying to fool with that? You carried me to the forge the other day so my hooves didn’t get muddy.”
“That’s another off the Christmas card list I guess. Are you-- Steve?”
“What?”
“Ah, my new apprentice,” Rhodey announced, looking pleased. “Already stacking his first loaves. I’m so proud.” He pretended to wipe a tear and Tony laughed, relieved with how easy both men made it for him to slot into their life. “How about I show you how to work the till?”
“But not enough to stay?”
Steve brushed Bucky off, coming over as if to join them, and Tony felt a tiny tendril of anticipation. But as the man stepped forward, his boot came down on top of a stray ice cube, and he skated forward in a sharp lunge, hitting the ground hard and falling sideways with a yelp.
Steve nodded and when he looked back at Tony, he looked sheepish. “Ah, sorry about that. I should’ve just told the barman about it.”
Steve grinned and sat up, pulling him down by his jumper so they could kiss. “I eat a lot of them.”
“I told you I’m not interested,” Tony told him angrily. “And I’m married.”
Clint grinned. “Thank you. She runs like a charm. I can’t wait to show her off to the neighbours.” He looked up at the sky worriedly. “You sure you should be flying? You could stay here tonight if it’s dangerous. We have a spare room.”
“It was my job. A lot of my squad were going back, I had no right to do any less than them.”
It wasn’t too big, it wasn’t too small, and when he landed near the edge of town Tony was delighted to see it was bustling and full of life. Yes, they could do well here.
It was just as serene, and quiet as he—
Now Tony’s cheeks were the ones heating up. “My magic--”
Tony sighed as he pushed in, ready for him, the slide smooth and easy. The doe groaned pleasingly at being filled, and it made Stíofán feel powerful. He began to thrust in and out, pressing himself right along Tony’s back, their fur mingling as their legs rubbed together. They looked good together, Stíofán thought idly. His pale gold against Tony’s black and white.
“You’ve been watching me fly?”
domestic crafts. I’m sure keeping that wardrobe of yours clean takes up most of your time!”
“Awesome! Then I think we’re ready.”
He could almost hear Steve rolling his eyes. “Yeah, well, make sure you don’t
“Planty?” Clint snorted as he released an arrow striking the offending bot. “Being a parent has changed you, Stark.”
“Oh right.”
The noise became louder as they took off, Rhodey stepping forward to drag Tony a safe distance away, both of them staring up at Steve in shock.
The excited little critter kept his attention as he stumbled around in the basket. He couldn’t take his eyes off the little paws.
Tony relaxed into the armchair across from Steve and settled in to listen. “Maybe it was,” he agreed with a smile. That was a nice thought.
He wanted to make more of it - this man had kidnapped his husband, dragged him out into the middle of nowhere, and would’ve assaulted him had Tony not been able to prevent it.
“That’s what I thought.” And with that Tony turned and stormed away. His anger was clearly defined in his taut muscles, but Steve couldn’t help but notice the rather flattering effect it had on his behind. He sighed, he probably ruined his chances there for tonight.
“And just what’s going on here?” a very familiar voice said, and suddenly Tony was beside Steve, a companionable arm around his waist.
Steve lifted Tony’s hands to his lips and kissed his knuckles. Tony tried not to shiver at the sensation. “I’ll pack up my things and see myself out.”
“Why sheriff, I think you’re a natural,” Tony proclaimed with a grin as they clapped the band at the end of the dance.
Tony felt his face flame even as a laugh burst out of his chest. “Sheriff, you are the most ridiculous alpha I have ever met. Stop messing around and get back to business.”
Tony felt a swell of relief, glad they were on the same page as he nodded. “Yes. Please yes. I’ve missed you too. I hated being without you.”
Tony thought about pretending to be asleep. But if he was about to be told he was going to be sent home in disgrace, perhaps he ought to know sooner rather than later.
“I’m sure I can lend a hand while the goose has his nap,” Steve said. Giving Sam a wave, helped Tony into the back of the cart bed and handed Peter to him. “Go on ahead. I’ll saddle up Nomad and follow.”
Until he’d met Tony Stark.
“But I’ve seen pictures of the omegas you’ve dated! They all look like they’re meant to!”
“You’ll have to try and talk to him later, he was very cute, and he seemed to like the look of you.”
He waited for the signal, gun at the ready as Phillips rode into the camp and started shouting orders. As the leader of the gang raised his pistol, Steve pulled the trigger, knocking it from his hand.
Stíofán pouted. “Why not?”
“He seems genuinely sorry,” Jarvis said, though Tony knew Steve only heard a meow.
angry. Fury is a fair man, but he does not suffer disobedience.”
Then he caught sight of the woman herself sobbing in the corner. He sighed. It wasn’t her fault.
“Well, I hope you enjoy living with this lug. You know he’s a real slob, bad at dishes, and he leaves beard hair when he tri--argh!”
“Ok? These are like, art gallery good. Don’t undersell it.” Tony gestured to one of them. “I think you might’ve taken a little artistic license with me though.”
Stíofán knew he ought to feel embarrassed. And maybe two years ago he would’ve. But losing his freedom had taken much of his ability to feel shame. He shrugged at the doe. “It is what it is.”
“Yeah, it got you alright. But Timber rattlesnakes often give you a warning bite before the venom, and they’re not too dangerous for adults. Your Dad should be ok.” He looked up at Tony. “You alright?”
Steve lowered Tony into the nearest chair. “Attempted robbery. Can someone call the cops?”
Tony rolled over so they were facing each other and kissed Steve, deep and sweet, feeling warm and safe in his arms.
She wandered over to the food table to grab a bite and chat with Sam and Carol.
Hugh wiggled free and he and Peadar raced to the top off the tall woodpile. “Hey, hey, off there, it’s not stable.”
And now supper was on the floor.
He picked up the manual again, scanning it quickly.
“Yeah I know,” she said, and she did. Her family wasn’t much for sitting around when someone needed them.
“Sure.” Steve glanced up at him, doing a double-take at the shit-eating grin on Bucky’s face. “On second thought, no, absolutely not.”
Steve frowned, looking adorably confused. “But we don’t do that.”
“Also, great job with book choice. That one’s been haunting my shop for years and I hated it, now it’s my favourite book ever.”
“Yup.” He popped the ‘p’ but didn’t elaborate further.
There were instructions on dusting, but he opted to leave that chore till later, beginning instead to wash and dry all the crockery. When that was done he looked up to see the sun low in the sky and decided he’d better start on dinner.
“Fainting satyr,” Stíofán managed, the pieces clicking into place. “He’s a fainting satyr. He was down longer than you usually are.”
“He has been kind to me and found me my mate, I owe him,” Stíofán said, trying to sell it. He didn’t want anyone to think he knew anything of Fury’s plans.
Tony snorted. “What? Me and S’Teve? Oh no, he wouldn’t -- we’re not -- no, nothing like that. I would be honoured, Chancellor, to take part in the ceremony.”
“I would.”
“I got-- you’ll never believe--” He’d never heard her sound so stressed.
Steve seemed to notice the same thing, packing the things away in the basket. “Say, do you want to go and see the airship? It’s so cool. I go by everyday. We can ride my pushbike, and I can drop you home after.”
As Tony nibbled on his beans and eggs, he thought perhaps things would be ok. One bad night in a marriage wasn’t everything, and surely better to have it happen at the start. Get it out of the way.
The strength of his conviction sent a shiver down Tony’s spine. This man.
sorry.”
His tail wagged tantalisingly over Tony’s shoulder at the edge of Stíofán’s vision.
Rhodey stared at him and Tony huffed. “Alright fine, that’s stupid. Oh my god, what if they-” Tony trailed off.
Tony snorted, but moved out of the way, letting her check on him. He got to his feet, grabbing his broom which had snapped in half on impact. He winced but gave it a pat. “Good job, bud. You did what I needed. I promise, your next upgrade will be even better.”
Fury nodded. “Which I assume would be freedom for you both.”
He liked him a lot. More than any other guy he’d met. He wanted to be around him. Even if it was never anything more, being in the orbit of someone else with no agenda, and who wasn’t just going to tell Steve he needed to hurry up and start integrating into the modern world was a huge relief. He just wasn’t ready to say goodbye yet.
That had turned out to be an understatement. Antonius had scoffed the bowl back before Stíofán had taken even a few mouthfuls, and in the end, he’d eaten just half his own before passing the rest to the doe.
It turned out not to be someone looking for their morning croissant, but a client
Tony flinched. Was he really that repulsive? “I don’t mind.”
Pops snorted. “I just carried all your stuff up here, I’m not taking it back now just because you want to be one with nature and sleep in the mud.”
The emperor made a curious noise. “An interesting request.”
“The saloon. We came here last night, remember?”
“Thanks Mr Stark, I appreciate it. We couldn’t have afforded this if it weren’t for you offering clinical trials.”
“Why?”
The three laughed and finally changed the subject, paying for their purchases and leaving.
“And if you flick to December, there’s a treat.”
“Pops! We have to leave soon.”
“Peter’s sick,” she told him, with no preamble, which he appreciated. “Tony’s with him at Doc Banner’s place. You need to go on over.”
“Well whoever Rogers is, they’re a hell of an artist.”
“No you can’t. I don’t perform tricks for commoners who can’t even be polite to people who stop them from getting their head bashed in. I’m going to help Sam.”
Barely two days since his arrival, and Stíofán had gone to kitchens to fetch him, only to find that Tony had apparently built a way for hot water to be delivered to the kitchen instead of having to fetch it from the large vat outside, and made the water hot faster. Tony had given him a defiant look, but Stíofán had just barked a surprised laugh, getting the doe to explain what he’d done. Clearly, Stíofán hadn’t just landed himself some pretty thing to look at. His mate was smart.
“I need a job done. Tony said he’d help out at the bakery, so he can do this for me right?” Sam raised a brow at them both questioningly.
“Just a minute, sir,” Steve called to the customer, and then turned back to Tony, opened his mouth and--
Tony wasn’t even sure when things began to change. He had been attracted to Steve from the start obviously: the guy was a snack, made all the better by his hidden depths of snark and a fierce belief in fairness that took Tony by surprise.
Right, first step: ventilation.
“That nonsense in there. That man hurt our child, and you excused it all away as a misunderstanding?!”
on this mission.”
“And ma will help us after, you know she dotes on the kids. What’s five compared to two really?”
“Tony-”
“I was trying to be incognito,” Steve replied, mouth lifting at the corner. “And I was trying hard enough that I distracted myself. But I guess now that you know, I can swear to never let you bruise that perfect ass ever again.”
Steve shook his head. “She’s a nurse for an older gentleman up North. He’s only got a few years left, so when she’s no longer needed, she’ll retire and move here. But for now, we write often.”
Tiberius jumped to his hooves, fuming, and stormed off clutching his bowl to his chest, while the other guys laughed at his retreating back.
“You’ll get fame and money no matter which way it goes, and you know it. More, If I put on a good show and you know I will. If I die, I want Tony freed.”
“And what of your omega? He struck me twice without much provocation.”
Steve pointed at the screen. “Yes, I can tell,” he said snarkily.
“People like us? That’s not very friendly.” He gestured with his gun. “Take a seat. The boss will be here soon enough.”
They stayed there, watching until the helicopter was just a speck on the horizon, before Rhodey led him back inside.
Tony swallowed. “‘Understood it logically’?”
thing to do was for you to go to the rendezvous point and warn the crew. And I begged you to do it, so you wouldn’t be captured too. But you stayed. You picked me up and hid us in those caves and you kept me warm when the temperature dropped. I remember thinking, when I was tucked up against your chest by the fire, that you must genuinely care about me under that rigid posture and those calculating words of yours.”
But his designs came across his desk, and Tony inspected them with a curious eye. They were very good, really captured the essence of the products and had a humble, down-to-earth feeling to them that shiny, futuristic Stark tech didn’t usually have. Tony liked it.
A tentative hand cupped his balls, scritching through the fur, and it heightened the feeling even more. He gripped the hair in his hand tight, using it to hold the doe in place as he began to thrust.
But that was absurd thinking, brought on by the cold no doubt. Future Lords did not marry tutors, not outside of the romantic novels Steve was sometimes fond of and he knew it.
The scowl deepened. “Can’t you do something?”
“Excellent!” the Chancellor replied, clapping their tentacles together. “Our visitors usually report they had a good time so I’m sure you will find the same. Come, let us speak to your Captain about the arrangements.”
Antonius hummed. “They do, though they like to keep us thin, so we don’t look greedy to potential matches. ‘Better to become fat as a matron, not a maiden’.”
“It’s
Now he’d been told that in this time you could take a guy on dates. Marry him. Adopt children and live together, and the only people who would bat an eye were assholes to begin with.
Steve frowned. “Tony, you’re not bringing a
Tony quirked a brow. “Two hundred and twenty pounds of sexy all-American beefcake?”
“Back, car accident.”
Steve chuckled. “I know. I’ve seen you scowl at it every morning when you come in.”
Tony looked at him for a moment with a sharp gaze but then his shoulders relaxed and he huffed. “It’s ok, you weren’t to know. I am that Stark, but I don’t have anything to do with the family business anymore.”
Steve swallowed, looking at the floor as he felt his eyes get hot. Readjust. He’d heard that a lot since he’d woken up. Like he would just wake up one day and be fine with the fact that everyone he knew was dead, the woman he thought he might marry one day didn’t know who he was, and that he was missing the decades of context he would need to make sense of this place.
Stíofán put his hands on his hips, giving them a stern look. “Are you giving your nana trouble?”
“It was nothing, really I—“
“So, you, ah, you heading somewhere?” Luis gave him a smile. “Or do you like, live here..?”
Mini-sequel (1/3) - two more stories to come!
Peter hummed. “He took his refreshment with him. He said he was going for a walk and would return for our next lesson.”
“I was! I was, I promise.”
“Stark?” Steve asked, the shock throwing him a little.
Clean and dry, he arranged his nightgown back into place and settled back under the covers. He waited for the Sheriff to return, hoping he might be able to fix it, but it wasn’t long before the sounds of the crickets and the trickle of the nearby stream lulled him to sleep.
Steve wolfing down breakfast on his couch while Tony sipped his coffee was becoming a familiar ritual, and Tony soaked it in, their hands tangled together between them.
“I like it,” his mother said, giving him a tearful wink. “Very modern.”
“I didn’t expect to see you so soon Sheriff,” the man remarked, an amused grin on his face. “Most new couples wouldn’t come up for air for a few days.”
“It’s nothing fancy,” the Sheriff said, sounding a little bashful. “Haven’t really needed much for just me, but it’ll keep us warm and dry, which is what matters most.”
Tony gave a guarded smile. “And what are you three doing this fine day?”
“Sure I did,” the alpha said, looking at him seriously. “Couldn’t have any of those vipers talking about my omega like that, could I?”
When they were done, the room was spartan but tidy, and Tony flopped onto the bed feeling a sense of accomplishment. He let himself have ten minutes, just letting the feeling wash over him, Jarvis curled up for a short cat nap on his chest, before he pushed himself up and went to help in the bakery. He was going to pull his weight and make sure they knew how grateful he was if it killed him.
Tony shook his head. “No. I can’t. Even the idea is…” he curled up tighter.
There was only one way now.
Tony winced. “Ouch.”
“I suggest you take your omega in hand, Sheriff. Someone might think you let him walk all over you.”
Tony shrugged. “Eh. I eat when I eat.”
Watching Tony flirt with some of the older ladies and making them giggle made something in Steve’s stomach feel hot, wishing he could get Tony to turn some of that attention on him.
“Yeah, he’s a real attention hog.”
He saw Natasha nod at Steve out of the corner of his eye before she and Bruce left, closing the door behind them. Steve was fiddling with the edge of his blanket, his eyes anywhere but on Tony.
He let her go after a moment. “We’d better let you settle in. I’ll get your dad out of here before he starts crying everywhere.”
“I shouldn’t have let him get under my skin like that.”
“Do you know how many people have died on that thing?”
Tony couldn’t really focus, but he was pretty sure it was the adrenalin crashing as he realised they were safe. Because they were. As soon as Tony had realised Steve was close, he’d felt instantly like things were going to be ok. It was heady that feeling, and it made Tony want it all the time.
“And what’s a pretty thing like you doing here all on his lonesome?” Tony stared more intently out the window, trying to ignore the man next to him.
Tony put a spoonful to his mouth. “Mmmmm, sweet,” he hummed around the spoon and Stíofán found his gaze drawn to the doe’s lips.
Tony raised an eyebrow. “That is...surprising. Like, really surprising. I sort of assumed you’d be a chick magnet.”
“You can say that again,” Tony agreed, voice filled with awe. “It’s amazing.”
Tony hadn’t even noticed him when they’d entered, but he stood out now, easily spotted.
“Great! Let me put the order together and write down the address.”
Tony sipped his tea as she put it all into a basket. He wondered if she had any tonics for attracting an alpha – something that would drive the Sheriff wild, tearing off his clothing and taking him till he was satiated. He shifted in his seat. No, he couldn’t admit they were having troubles, even if she might be able to tell. He hoped the Sheriff’s scent from sharing a bed would cover it, though if someone was sniffing for it, it’d likely be obvious. He couldn’t ask. He felt too fragile for that kind of shame, and Natasha clearly held Steve in high esteem, so no doubt she’d recognise he must be at fault.
“Yes?”
“Oh,” Steve said, his voice soft and before Tony could say anything more, there was a soft gold glow taking over them and Tony’s chest hurt with how happy he was. He reached out blindly, wanting contact, any contact, and when Steve’s hand intertwined with his, he swore he heard a choir sing.
Tony nodded, apprehension building in his chest. He could do this.
Steve smiled encouragingly. “My Ma makes a nice sponge cake. I could write her for the recipe if you’re interested in trying it.”
Steve frowned more. “You should eat.”
“So,” Rhodey pulled up a chair. “You’re new to town?”
Tony was shaking his head before he even finished, his hand squeezing S’Teve’s shoulder tightly. “You are one whole person, S’Teve. Best of both worlds. And proof the Federation wasn’t wrong when they said we could co-exist together. I’m sorry if what I said seemed like I was making fun of you. I wasn’t, I promise.” Tony took a deep breath and looked up at him, those dark brown eyes meeting his, filled with something S’Teve didn’t immediately recognise, even with his empathic abilities.
“True enough. Though I’m sure you’ll get a hefty discount on the new linen-cleaning device, once Tony gets it off to patent.”
That seemed simple enough. Tony searched for a broom, eventually finding one hanging out on the back porch.
“I’m sure you are! I never meant to cast aspersions on your relationship. Whatever you do I’m sure works for you both. And not every couple needs to have children after all.”
“Yeah, it’s been a long day,” Tony agreed, tucking into his bread and groaning as the sweet jam hit his tongue. So good.
“Gets into a lot of fights huh?” Tony asked, as Bucky entered the fray, pulling one of the bigger guys off the pile.
“Did he touch you?” Steve asked worriedly, even though his omega had apparently hogtied one of the most dangerous men in the territory.
“I missed you.” He kissed her cheek, rubbing their horns together as he did. When they pulled apart, she had tears running down her cheeks and he knew he did as well.
He stood for another minute, breathing in the clean air and then nodded. It was time to go.
“I’m afraid I cannot. I must report to my station,” S’Teve managed. He turned to leave “And my
“She was tiny, like too tiny and so I swept her up and took her over to the shelter. They checked her over but they were full up and they asked if I could foster. I figured why not, just for a few weeks.” Tony huffed comically. “And then she never left.”
He peppered Tony’s face with kisses until he playfully pushed him away. “Enough. You’ve worn me out.”
He opened it a few inches, leaning out to talk in a low murmur to who was there, but keeping Tony from view. Tony watched the tense line of his back, trying to get any clue of what was being said. When the door closed, Steve’s shoulders slumped, and for a moment, Tony couldn’t breathe.
This guy was outdated by even Steve’s standards. “Omegas can do anything alphas can do, and anyone who doesn’t know that is a moron.”
“Not much. Crime scenes. Government secrets.” Steve had no idea what his face looked like, but when Bucky met his eyes he snorted. “Come on, it just means I can work a camera. And I can totally take sexy pictures. How hard can it be?”
He couldn’t lose Peter. Not his miracle baby.
He slid a tunic over his head and then he left, slipping out the door. He got a lot of jealous looks as he went, and he couldn’t help but puff out his chest. Obviously, they’d heard loud and clear that Antonius was his. He returned to the room, two hearty bowls of mash and more wine in his hands.
“What happened??” He sounded a tad hysterical – he could hear it – but he couldn’t seem to get it under control. Steve was carried inside a room, the doctor directing them to a bed to lie him on. The last thing he saw was Steve’s pale face before the door closed behind them.
Emboldened by the wave of happiness he was feeling, he scooted over, lifting his leg to straddle the Sheriff’s waist, and leaned in to kiss him.
Steve turned at the voice to see a fluffy tabby cat watching him intently from a pile of books. He blinked. “Uh, sorry?”
Mr Stark slid off his horse, face lined with concern as he got near. “What in the devil are you doing? It’s freezing out here.”
Mr Rogers was charming, there was no other word for it. He was witty, well-read, a talented artist, and highly opinionated. Tony couldn’t think of many things he enjoyed more than watching him become alight with passion as he argued his point, unafraid of speaking to those with higher status.
“So how are you settling in?” Wilson asked, taking a knife and using it to spread the butter thickly on the biscuit. “Steve was so pleased when you agreed to come here.”
“Only if he lets you,” Pepper told him, hand on her hip. Her voice was getting higher the longer the argument went on - a sure sign that she was seriously concerned. “What if he’s some awful tyrant and keeps you locked up?”
The sheriff shuffled in, removing his shirt and breeches and putting them away. He did it slowly as if to lengthen the task, and Tony found it oddly endearing. The alpha was nearly naked, too warm for him to wear much to bed, and Tony covertly looked his fill.
Tony got up from his armchair, peeking out the curtain at the shouts.
“Except she’s expecting a cat to hold,” Pepper explained, waving her phone in the air. “And we don’t have a cat.”
“Yes,” Tony agreed. "I’m sure that’s the same for most folks. Should we, uuhh…"
“I understand,” Steve said, and he could feel it, like a switch in his mind, Cap taking over and his focus on the mission, even as the thought of Tony and the rest of Cedar Grove tried to tighten their hold. Everything else slipped away until all that was left was the job, though the last flicker of Tony looking up at the helicopter made his chest ache.
“You horny devil,” Pierce laughed. “Well, you can get your chance. Rumour is the spares will be sent to the red light district. You can have your fill if you can afford it.”
“They can stay with me,” Stíofán placated. “Who wants to help Da by pulling some weeds, hmm?”
“I can,” and Tony realised it was the kind omega who helped run the general store. “I’ll be quick as anything.”
Stíofán turned to face the obstacles before him. A wide pit of snakes, their hissing rising like a cloud of noise. The six
Tony flopped onto a stool with a huff. “I don’t think I’ve worked this hard in my life. Dad’s shop had more orders and pickups when I did shifts there.”
“Look you little bitch— oh fuck!”
“What?” Tony asked, sipping his beer. He looked over to see Rhodey staring wide-eyed over his shoulder and frowned. “No seriously what?”
“Tony,” Steve said, and Tony hummed in response. “I mean it, dogs are for outside.”
Steve looked at it and then at Bucky in wonder. Bucky gave him a little salute.
He could feel something in him winding tighter and tighter, and when Steve’s hand wrapped around his cock, it snapped, and he tipped over the edge, shuddering and moaning with it even as the alpha kept up his ministrations until he could no longer stand it.
The emperor laughed. “Go. You have earned it.” He clapped hands. “On with the games.”
“Your omega is trying to stop you from embarrassing yourself,” he told the alpha warningly. “I suggest you follow her advice.”
“No, it isn’t.”
S’Teve stared at him. “Casanova?”
“Oh,” Steve answered, unsure what to say. It was difficult not to simply speak freely, ask about the old days or the war. “I’m happy you were able to get away.”
“I’m going to see about a table.”
“I--”
He ducked into the charming cafe - whimsically named
Stíofán snorted. “Hardly. I’m getting out of here. I’m going to buy my freedom and go home.”
He was feeling restless, desperate to be home.
“What?” Tony croaked, then cleared his throat. “What do you mean?”
She looked surprised but nodded happily. “Of course, we’d love to have you. Tuesday afternoon?”
He’d made the right choice. He had.
“Ha-ha,” Steve said, trying to line up the shot. The cue ball shot to the left, missing completely.
As she got closer, he could see the look on her face and he felt the bottom drop out of his stomach. “Nat?”
Tony was so caught up in taking in the scenery that he didn’t realise when they’d turned down a path until it opened up, the trees falling away to reveal a cute little cottage with a wraparound porch and pretty green shutters. There was a fenced-off field and a small barn, with a grazing horse who perked up at their arrival.
“No.”
“You!” Tony pointed, feeling mildly outraged. “You hustled me!”
“Yeah, says on the sign. Not that anyone can see it,” Scott grumbled.
“You do not,” Rhodey said, coming from out back. “But maybe this time you were right. You got a bit of colour back in your cheeks, Tones. I assume it went well?”
“Da’s telling us a story,” Hugh chirped and Tony smiled.
“What you got there is basil. I buy the fresh plants because they taste better than the dried ones.” She shrugged. “Then I toss them out.”
“That is the funniest thing I’ve ever heard.”
“What’s up with the sign? I didn’t see when I came in.”
Tony snorted and opened his mouth to joke back, when he caught movement out the corner of the eye. There was a face peering in the window, lit by the warm glow of the bakery in the growing dark of the evening. Rhodey caught his look and turned to see, smiling wide as he did. “Oh, Steve!”
They snuggled up against him, Stíofán’s arms around them all. “Maybe Da will tell us a story, hmm?”
Steve let the warmth of the praise for his omega flood over him, even as he leaned on the side of the building with a raised brow. “I seem to recall saying no gun tricks.”
The guy - George? Joe? Jeffrey? - looked surprised. “How’d you know?”
“I know,” Tony sighed.
back on Vulcan, the betrothal custom? Why would I think you’d be open to it?”
, that’s more than fair.”
To say the blood rushed to the alpha’s face was an understatement, and it would’ve been comical if the man hadn’t been frantically shaking his head. “No Tony, we don’t - is this because of Hodge? You don’t need to prove anything to me.”
“We’ll be by in about an hour,” Barnes promised, before shutting the door to the doctor’s office.
Tony hesitated, looking uncomfortable, and Stíofán stood, taking his hand and leading him around to his side of the table. He sat back down, widening his legs and tugging the doe to sit on his lap. “I’m glad you could join us.”
“You do?” Antonius looked up from beneath his lashes, in a clearly practiced move, but knowing it was taught didn’t make Stíofán any less hungry for him. “So I...please you, then?”
He picked up the pace, shoving his hips against the furred behind. The tail flicked in his vision and he reached down, grasping it in his hand and tugging on it. Antonius yelped.
“Just a bit.”
He saw Clint wince, and he had a feeling there was probably more truth to that than he wanted to admit.
Antonius shook his head. “We share large quarters with many of us all together. Before this, I shared a sleeping mat with two others.”
Tony hesitated. It would be easy to say yes and let him go, but he wasn’t ready to part ways yet. Instead, he found himself saying, “Want to come in for dinner?”
Tony’s eyes flitted to his and Steve felt his cheeks heat. He ducked his head, trying to concentrate on Jemison’s fur in the sun.
Steve snorted. “I’m sure everyone feels that way. There’s a lot to do and a lot to learn. You can’t be expected to know it all at once.” He patted Tony’s knee over the duvet. “You should’ve seen what it was like before. I can make my own meal easy enough, but you think I know the first thing about washing bedsheets? I had to have one of the omegas from town who charges for cleaning come out from time to time so I wasn’t eaten to death by fleas.”
Steve fidgeted, making Tony more annoyed. “I told you, they’re work trips. I can’t say any more than that, client confidentiality.”
She saw Pops look up, clearly counting the windows and when he spotted her he gave her a wobbly smile. He blew her a kiss and she gave him a teary wave. He opened the driver’s side door and got in to start the car. She watched them until they turned the corner out of sight.
a growl. Tony felt a pleasant shiver go down his spine.
“No.”
“Come on baby, you can do it,” he told the broom, and he could feel it trying to overcome the forces working against them.
“See something you like?” Jan asked, sidling up beside him. “Ohh, that’s beautiful.”
She was just typing up a reply when a second photo appeared of a terrified looking guy being patted on the shoulder by Thor.
He could see the dirigible in the distance, and he tilted the broom towards, the steering easy and effortless.
Until Stíofán woke up to retching.
“No! I want a story from Steve,” Peter complained, wiggling excitedly. “He can read Clifford! It’s about dogs.”
“Not as great as her rider, but not bad,” Tony shot back, only making Steve smile wider. He stepped forward, running his hand down the jacket. “I like this, where have you been hiding it?”
He locked the door behind him, hesitating before sliding the keys under the door.
They were woken early by a hammering on the door.
The man stared and then snorted. “Oh wow, really? That was old when I—“ he stopped changing track. “I mean, that’s a bit of a cliche.”
They talked until late, Steve reluctantly leaving after he admitted he had to be up early to help with the fair. He messaged the details to Tony and with a wave - and a very reluctant to leave the warmth Dodger dragging on his leash - Steve headed home.
But this...connection, was something he hadn’t realised he was craving. Tony was looking at him like he could see him. Him. Steve. Not the freshly thawed icon or the out-of-touch old soul everyone else seemed to. He wasn’t ready to give it up.
When people didn’t move fast enough, they were shoved, and Tony felt the anger flare up in his chest.
”Jobs. Well, I say jobs.” Bucky waved a hand at Steve. “Had to take pictures to - you know. Secure evidence. Stuff like that.”
“It’s alright,” Tony offered, and somehow it really was. His alpha had caused himself real pain rather than risk Tony’s safety or give in to that brute’s demands.
As he approached, he noticed many of the does perk up in interest, which was flattering. Stíofán knew he cut a good figure, the years of fighting making his body tight and lean, muscles on full display. He was younger too, still only in his twenty-third year, compared to most of the others who were now old men, haggard and grizzled, though strong enough to put up a good fight.
!” Tony cried, pointing at the man in front of him. “My luck cannot be this bad. What could I possibly have done to deserve this?”
“I’ll pay you two
Sam hesitated a moment, and then he nodded. “More than, actually. We've been corresponding with an orphanage in San Francisco: two little omega girls, sisters. Still working out the details, but soon, yeah. We’ll have a couple of rugrats.”
“I won’t keep quiet about this! Mr. Rogers--”
and causes problems.” He finished ladling the stew into bowls and brought them over, taking a seat across from Tony. “Eat up. I’m sure you’re hungry.”
Peter had climbed down while he’d been speaking and had gone to play on the swings, which made Tony’s shoulders relax.
“You did this to me,” Tony groaned, and Stíofán frowned.
“Just because I still look good covered in bruises doesn’t mean it’s my go-to. But thanks.” He picked up the magazine on the counter and looked at it again. “It’s a nice picture Steve.” His voice was soft, and Steve felt it like a touch on his skin.
Too bad he was blowing it to smithereens.
For all he’d thought Steve was just a jerk when they’d met, it hadn’t taken him long to realise that actually, Steve was wonderful.
Steve looked up at him. “You saved me.” His voice sounded surprised, almost wondrous and Tony scowled.
“Just my usual fee,” Bruce replied, sounding amused. “It’s my job to look after people, same as yours, Sheriff.”
“On your knees,” Steve commanded, and all three dropped to the floor. Hodge looked angry, angrier than a hive of bees, even as he went red with coughing beneath what Tony realised must’ve be the cocoa.
The ball of fluff unrolled itself, looking up at Tony with a yawn. Tony felt his heart melt. “Ohhhh, he’s so cute!”
“I am neither truly Vulcan or human. I am… an oddity. Humans prefer the familiar.”
Steve nodded, nuzzling the back of his neck. “You haven’t caught the fever, it seems Lady Luck is on our side.”
“Convincing though?”
Tony opened his eyes to the sound of voices above him and saw two stressed-looking bakers standing over him.
“Means this freak show was good for something at least,” Steve said a little dejectedly, and Bucky clicked his tongue, looking from Steve down at the camera in his hand and back again.
“The right partner.”
He jumped when Steve suddenly coughed, gripping his arms to keep him from turning over. “Hey, no, stay down. I’ll call med-evac, you just -”
“Huh, what about that.”
Antonius looked at him curiously, and Stíofán felt compelled to explain. “I’m a slave, not a citizen.”
“They armed?”
bird? No, because I’m polite.”
Perhaps the extra bedroom might become a space for guests. It certainly wasn’t going to become a nursery at this rate.
Tony snorted. “No, they haven’t.”
The man gaped. “I will blacklist you, Stark! No one will give you a dime after this!”
to do. So, yeah it’s tough, but honestly? I do good here, and I get to work with my best friend next door, so maybe this is what I was meant for. Who’s to say?”
“Headed to Chicago, then followed the old route 66 right across the country. St. Louis, Tulsa, Oklahoma City, Santa Fe and a dozen others all the way to Los Angeles. I stopped when I was tired, checked out anything that took my interest and just...lived for a while.”
“Oh I thought maybe you’d left,” Steve said from behind him, looking sheepish. “But you wandered into my studio.”
“Sorry to interrupt, but Rumlow wants to see you.”
Tony couldn’t wait to put those powers of his to good use.
“I see. Well, the crew will be sure to attend.  And though I’m sure Commander S’Teve will bow out, I can’t imagine he’d be offended in any way.”
“Won’t know till we try.”
There was a pause. “And is that why you came up to me at the bar?”
Breaking up bar fights got less fun the older he got, and really, with Hodge and his crew heading to a different saloon every day, they always had a new group to antagonise. Hodge always kept himself out of the worst of it, more’s the pity, since Steve was hankering to see him behind bars.
Eyes up, Captain.
Speaking of, he felt the brush of a hand at his knee, and his gown was rucked up, exposing him, and he felt the flush spread from his face to his chest. “Oh!”
Tony nodded quickly. “Yes, this is fine.”
He could hear the crowd chanting his name as he and Ivor circled each other. The fight was to first surrender, so Stíofán knew he had to go in hard and fast since he was already too tired to simply wear the other satyr down.
“Do I?”
“I can take this home and meet you,” Steve offered, looking a little overwhelmed. “You don’t have to—“
“That sounds dangerous,” Tony said, watching him pull on his boots.
Tony, he concluded, would make a good mate, if one were inclined. Unlike S’Teve. S’Teve knew too well he did not conform enough to either half of his heritage. His light blond colouring and bulky form were strange for a Vulcan, while his ears and severe eyebrows were too daunting for a human. And though aesthetics were, of course, the least important trait for a Vulcan to consider, he knew they held great weight for humans.
He stood up, brushing the wrinkles from his clothes and taking his carpetbag in hand. He had just made it down a few steps when he heard someone call his name.
They’d been exchanging letters for a few months after several alphas answered his notice in the
“Come, let me…” he tried to pull Steve to his feet, but he shook his head.
Antonius was quiet for a moment, swishing the wine in his clay cup. “What happens to me then?”
J.J brought in the last of the bags just in time to see Pops give Dad’s butt a pinch and hear him yelp. “Ew guys come on. We’re in public.”
Tony looked around. “I need a few things. We’re going to need a strong horse and some ropes, a sheet pan, and someone needs to go to the apothecary and get me some? oleic acid, some water, and an empty jar.” He looked around at the crowd. “Hurry!”
Tony pulled on the worn linen, grabbing one of the ties from his silks to cinch the waist. It was a little short, but not immodest.
He’d agreed, reluctantly handing Peter off - with a nuzzle and an “I love you” - to Bucky, who promised to take him home, and resigning himself to the fact that his apology would have to wait.
She wiped her eyes and got up to answer it.
Stíofán looked at the pit in front of him. Too far to make the jump on his own, but maybe…
Steve rolled his eyes. “I’ll see you soon. Get home safe.” He looked around for a moment before ducking closer. “I love you.”
“Takes longer when you’re little, you aren’t used to it.” Tony reached out and gave Peadar’s hair a ruffle. “You gave your Da a scare hmm?”
Things got better after a time.
“You are. You’re just also a bit bigger and higher off the ground.”
Steve nodded, looking downtown where he could see the top of the blob peeking out from behind the buildings. “It seems to be dissolving things, is it acidic in some way?”
Tony lay in bed that night thinking about the upcoming journey.
For a moment, he had the urge to run.
“Holy shit,” Tony managed, and the man’s eyes snapped to his, a small smile curling his lip. Then his eyes went wide.
“What?”
Tony pointed the same way and then at Steve and drew his finger across his throat.
“I had been looking forward to that sandwich the whole drive,” Edwin complained, goodnaturedly. “And you and Tony just stood there and laughed at me, being no help at all.”
Stíofán snorted. “Maybe I’ve oversold it.”
“It seems to be Terran in nature, potentially the result of some sort of experiment. We don’t know if the intent was to create something that would cause widespread damage or if that’s an unfortunate side effect. Our intelligence division is currently investigating that, so that’s not our concern right now. What we need to do is stop it.”
He shot into the air, whooping as he swooped through the air faster than his old broom. “Fuck yes!”
“Woah,” Stíofán yelped, catching him deftly. He was glad of extra muscle he’d gained on the journey, or he had no doubt he’d be in the dirt. “Quite an introduction sweetheart.”
one,” Tony said, waving at the plant a little hysterically. “You
Stíofán laughed. “We’ll see.”
They rode into town around dusk, covered in the dirt and dust of the ride and feeling the ache of too many hours on horseback.
She and Dad had made her bed up, unpacked some of her clothes and arranged her toiletries. It made the room a lot less bare and a bit more welcoming.
“My grandpa,” Tony told him honestly. “He was a bit of a player back in the day.”
Both kids’ eyes were on him, big and round. He sighed. “Oh alright then.”
S’Teve could feel the strong muscles forged by regular sparring and hard engineering work, and smell the rich cologne the man always wore. He didn’t limit himself, letting the almost all-encompassing feeling of wanting Tony to guide him. He wanted him, and he wanted to
“Shit.”
Tony watched as Bucky escorted a limping Steve out the door. “Since your crew is out for the count, want to join my buddy Rhodey and me?” He pointed over to the table Rhodey was sitting at, and he gave them a little salute with his empty glass. “I feel like he’d love hearing about your other nights out.”
“Is it though? You have a dislocated arm.”
Steve blushed. “I’m ok I guess.”
Well, that was enough of that. If he kept on he’d have to excuse himself and that would be embarrassing enough.
Tony felt a wave of affection. “Thank you. I have struggled since her death to make sure I-- that he knows he is loved.” He gave an awkward smile. “Something that was somewhat less noticeable in my own childhood house.”
His heart leapt up in his throat as he dropped the pole and rushed to meet him. Was his whole family
“The Sheriff just stepped out to deal with some ruckus. He won’t be long though. You can sit at his desk and wait for him.”
And beside him in a chair was Tony, his fingers wrapped tightly around Peter’s little hand, and his head bowed forward, his cheek resting on the sheets, head tipped to watch the pup.
Steve kissed back, enthusiasm near palpable, and Tony lost himself in it, winding his arms around Steve’s neck to keep himself in place. Big hands roamed his body, holding him tight and touching everywhere. He soaked up the feeling like a lizard in the sun, the hot slide of skin like a balm to his battered heart that had taken so much strain these last few months. He was getting wet already, his body yearning for more.
“Oh, I don't know. Possibly the look of utter disdain you're not so good at hiding from your team,” Steve banded back.
Steve thought, before turning and walking very deliberately calmly out of the door. Bruce smiled to himself.
Steve willed himself up the rest of the stairs, feeling Tony’s stare drill into his back.
“Thor, keep an eye on this. I’m going home to take a bath in aloe vera before any of those SHEILD medics get any ideas about coming near me.”
Steve followed him, his thoughts on Tony and the panic that had run through his system like lightening when he thought he'd been hurt.
Steve tensed, “No, don’t. He’s out there Clint. He’s still alive.” Steve bunched a fist, “He’s
Tony poured himself another scotch as he tinkered idly with a piece of circuitry. He tried to reconcile the knowledge that if he didn't ask Steve out the others were going to tell him and in doing so were going to tear apart his team. His family. However it went, whether Steve turned him down in person or just ignored what the others said, he was going to avoid him afterwards and Tony didn't want to lose what he'd just managed to find.
Clint looked towards him, squeezing his hand painfully, his teeth clenched, “Yesterday, I think.” He groaned, “I don't think my pain button is working any more,” he forced out.
“So do we all, shield brother. So do we all.”
Tony paced, and then stopped, his back turned to Steve. Then he began to remove his shirt. Bare torsoed, he lay a hand across his shoulder with his head bowed. Steve stood and walked towards him. As he got closer he saw the multitude of raised white lines criss-crossing Tony's shoulders, standing out against the rest of his skin. As he gently touched them with his fingers, Tony flinched.
“Captain Rogers,” JARVIS' voice came quietly through the room, “Dr Banner is in his lab.”
“Evil vacation is over then,” Tony stated through the comm as he blasted another Doom bot. He weaved in between buildings as Steve and Natasha held the ground. Clint was picking bots off from the highest vantage point he could find, while Thor swept through where he was needed. The Hulk was just doing his own thing, his comforting roar echoing off the glass walls of the buildings. He swept past Steve and Natasha, destroying some more bots which had been about to attack from above.
Steve and Tony were quiet in the back of the car on the way to the tower. Tony thought his heart was going to burst from his chest. A little while in he felt Steve’s fingers find his, curling his in-between until they were sitting there in silence holding hands.
Suddenly a plate of bacon, scrambled egg and toast was set down in front of him, along with a large glass of water and some tablets. He looked up to find Bruce smiling down at him. “Eat up, you need to soak up the rest of that mead that’s making you feel so queasy. Not to mention we could hear your stomach grumbling long before you got to the kitchen.”
Clint’s eyes filled with sympathy, “Cap-“
The snow had been falling all day when Clint turned around to the others.
“If I use my heavy tips designed for speed and punch I can definitely get through to it, there is something corporeal in there. That’s pretty much what I’ve got. I can’t seem to do much damage though!” Hawkeye replied with the strained voice of concentration and physical exertion. “God I wish I had some of those explosive water heads Tony’s developing!”
Tony waved his arms, “It’s very interesting,” he said, picking it up, “It does things.”
“Thanks Tony!” he heard Hawkeye say, before a “Oh wow, these are amazing!” as a horrific shriek filled the air and the oppressive, burning sensation on breathing lessened a little. “How are you able to get so much water into them?”
“I need you to summon the rest of the Avengers. We’ll meet in my studio. Have the footage ready, along with the details of the thing that did this to Tony. I’ll meet them there in five minutes and they better all be there by the time I arrive.”
“Come on, try me.”
Steve sighed and leaned back in his chair, “Better. I think. I think I can work through it, anyway.”
Within minutes the battle was over and the Avengers had re-grouped. Tony made sure to keep his visor down as he was confronted by a mostly naked Steve, who seemed pretty embarrassed about his situation.
“Hey Tony, have you seen my camera? I think I left it over here.”
Tony jumped, noticing Steve there for the first time. He scrambled to find his shirt, facing Steve the entire time. His hand found the black material and he quickly pulled it down over his head.
“Are you sure you're fine Tony? You've not been yourself the last couple of weeks,” he said, and pressed a hand to Tony's forehead. “You've been sleeping a lot, and usually you'd have a few new inventions for us to test in that kind of time frame.”
The rust had got worse, now the surface of the reactor flaked with sharp wafers of rusted metal punishing any absent minded tapping or checking. The skin around it had started to redden and itch, worse than normal. Tony wished he had something to put on it, to ease the heat and itch of the spreading rash. He bent over to adjust under the strap on his shoes. He’d quickly realised that in such a wet environment his feet would not last long in his sodden sneakers. Using his knife to rip through the material he’d separated the sole, worked some holes into the side and used string-like tough vines to create an open sandal. It allowed his feet to breathe yet also protected them from some of the nastier hidden things in the leaf litter. The safety goggles had been modified in a similar way, strapped around his chest to protect his red stained reactor. He used a makeshift spear as a walking pole, having found a long, sturdy stick and used the multi-tools knife to whittle the end into a point. It had taken him most of a long evening, but luckily he had managed to build a small fire that night so he had some light. He’d fire hardened the point, feeling a little safer and more optimistic with even such a crude longer range tool in his possession. His knife was a fantastic tool, but the spear he could hold out in front of him, keeping anything he needed to at longer than arm’s length.
He spitted the gutted fish through with a long thin branch and balanced it across the fire pit using a couple of big rocks he’d liberated from the river bank. As it started to cook and the water in his bark bowl started to steam he stood and walked away from the area he’d picked to stay tonight to relieve himself. It was later than he’d thought and he found the forest away from the glow of the fire to be on the edge of too dark to see. As he leant against the tree there was a tremendous creak followed by a crashing noise which filled the air with chaos and confusion. Tony jumped before turning to look at his campsite. His mind racing, he started to dash back to the glow of the fire. In his mind he knew it was just a deadfall and that if it was close enough to be a problem he would have felt the branches and leaves being torn down around him, but being out in the dark was not a very settling experience.
Tony was working hard in his lab, late at night. The heat had become unbearable, temperatures hitting 100 degrees everyday for a week. Not even the tech in his tower could keep up with keeping his lab, full of tools which melted and sparked, a temperature he could stand. His shirt lay in a crumpled heap on his stool, discarded hours ago as it soaked through with his sweat. He was thoroughly engrossed in his work, leaning over the work bench and focused intently on the intricate circuitry he was modifying, his face lit by the blue glow of his arc reactor. He didn't hear as Steve walked into the lab, carrying a plate of food. He did, however, hear Steve's sharp in take of breath.
“GET OUT” he roared at the other Avengers, who were already at the door. Steve saw the Hulk smash his fists through the computer and table as he closed the locked the door.
Tony was till groggy, but his mind was racing. He still had his respirator in, and he had no real control of his functions, but he could hear Steve's words loud and clear. He half opened an eye with effort and saw Steve sitting beside him, head down.  He had no way to answer, but he could listen.
“It is when it gets out that Iron Man is scared of spiders. Last thing I need is DoomBots suddenly sprouting eight legs and climbing up walls.”
“Just one button, Steve? Just let me push the button once?” Tony turned and pouted at him. Steve was powerless to resist and dropped into a chair. He shovelled another mouthful of chow mein into his mouth and muffled, “Oh go on, just once.”
Tony glanced and caught the stare, “Hey, I know what it does! Or at least, I will. Yes. I will,” his eyes filled with the well-known look of mischief, “As soon as I test it.”
Doom had obviously learned from his last battle with the Avengers. The bots had been upgraded and had obviously had improved tactical programming included in that. Without Iron Man in the air to provide constant updates from an aerial viewpoint with unbelievable maneuverability, always where he needed to be and always backing up whoever needed it at that exact moment everything was just so much harder.
“Nothing seems to be hurting this thing!” came Clint across the comm as Tony landed to take out a few more of the smaller creatures.
Natasha stared at him, her face blank.
used up your allotted amount of ego.”
“Well, I feel like I got stuck playing a game of Jumanji. And,” Tony pulled a face, “Botflies have to be the most disgusting creatures on the face of the planet. Seriously. I am not a walking incubator!”
Tony slicked his sopping hair back, closing his eyes and sighing. He rolled his head to the side to look at his rescuer. “Thank you,” he managed, “Thank you. Thank you.” The man nodded his head and pointed at a poster. Tony couldn't understand the writing, but it was fairly obvious a missing person poster, and right in the middle was a picture of him. And a picture of his arc reactor. He smiled wanly, his arc reactor had been the only reason that the truck driver had stopped for him. The driver reached towards him with a bottle of water and a packet of beef jerky and Tony almost snatched them out of his hands. “Thank you,” he said emphatically, pulling the top off the bottle and downing it. He tore the top off the packet of jerky and savoured the first bite, full of pepper, before ramming a fistful into his mouth. He jaw ached as he chewed but he couldn't imagine a better feeling. He swallowed the mass down, feeling his throat scratch and protest. He sighed contentedly and laid back against the chair even as his stomach began to protest at suddenly having food and water filling it. He smiled with relief and closed his eyes.
Tony stared at Steve open mouthed, “But... but Bucky died. He fell.”
Tony, try as he might, just couldn't land a punch. Steve was just too fast, and Tony was not going to resort to his armour. Anyway, that would defeat the purpose. He was specifically trying to improve his ability to fight hand to hand, so he'd always be ready even if the suit wasn't close enough or combat ready. It would do little against something bigger than him, but it would help him if he ran into skrulls or, heaven forbid, more kidnappers.
“I gotta go,” he said quickly, hanging up with a verbal command.
“Tony never cared. Not once. He never saw the Other Guy. He just saw me, a guy with a kind of inconvenient case of demons. Hell, he poked me with a stick.” Bruce looked up at Steve and his eyes showed the pain, “That was what Tony did. He wasn't scared. He was interested, never scared. Never made me feel like a monster, never made me feel like I was walking on eggshells.”
“Oh, right...”
the reason he crashed?”
Steve's heart may have stopped in his chest for a moment as he was faced with a choice that could affect him so drastically he couldn't quite comprehend it. Was he about to make a fool out of himself? At least he could check that Tony wasn't hurt.
“You’re always hungry,” replied Natasha as he got up and they started to walk towards the door. He laughed.
friends, Steve. Not before Tony and the team, and Tony was the one that allowed me to ever get close to people because he never treated me as anything other than a human being.”
Tony flashed him a scorned teenager look, “Yesss daaaadddd,” he said, rolling his eyes as he idly scratched at his chest by his arc reactor.
Everyone sat in their usual places. Clint, Natasha and Bruce all happily on the biggest couch, Thor in his armchair and Steve and Tony on the smaller couch. Tony noticed the other four Avengers occasionally giving he and Steve knowing looks or smiling between themselves after glancing in their direction. They spent most of the movie almost-holding-hands, their fingers brushing against each other's, sending electric signals through both of them. Steve held a bowl of popcorn on his lap, and every so often they'd both reach in together and blush gently. Any time Clint opened his mouth to say something he got another kick from Natasha.
Steve brought over his toast on a plate and a glass of orange juice. He sat beside Tony and looked at him with a worried expression.
“No Tony, you're... you're...” He spotted Tony looking at him with raised eyebrows, “Oh who am I kidding, you have enough ego for the both of us.”
“This is really... scary,” he said, his breath a little fast.
to break the things.
Bruce was desperately trying to hold on to his control. How could any doctor in his right mind just neglect a patient? Even one as stubborn as Barton? He checked the chart again and burned the doctor's name into his mind.
Tony froze.
Steve stood, a tear rolling down his cheek. He leant over and kissed Tony in the forehead before walking out of the door. Tony felt his own tears dampen his pillow.
“And how is Natasha?”
That night Tony slept soundly for the first time in a long time, pulled in to Steve's chest warmly and safely, without his shirt.
“What is he doing?” he asked, not able to get a decent view of the action through the blinding fire and heat haze.
“Uhh, thanks. I, um, I've got to help Clint out with something upstairs. If you need me just call me down, ok?”
Tony smiled and waved an arm dismissively at Steve as he left the boxing ring and wiped his face down with a towel. Before he turned to leave his smile faded as he called to Steve in a serious tone, “You know, thanks for not treating me like broken glass.”
Tony looked up at Steve, “You know they wouldn't even let me join the Avengers at first? They said I was too unstable. It fucking hurt to hear that, but you know what? They were right. I'm a mess. A big fucking mess.”
Steve stopped dead, and Tony saw his shoulders tense. After a moment, he turned around with an obviously strained smile.
Steve was clutching a wound in his side, still holding back a pack of bots using his shield. Thor was in the air, trying to take down the swarms with lightning and strength, but he couldn’t rival Iron Man’s manoeuvrability. Hawkeye had a difficult time getting between vantage points without easily reliable help, and Black Widow was working her way towards Doom. Objective: Take him out by any means.
Tony swooped around the
Tony rubbed his head, hoping he wouldn't have a bruise. “Yeah,” he replied, “Just tired. I'm fine Cap,” he said as Steve tried to look at his forehead. He waved him away and sat at the table with his favourite coffee miraculously in front of him. He let out a faint grin before catching Natasha looking at him with her eyebrows raised. He quickly looked back into his coffee cup.
Thor smiled sadly, “Nay, my friend, you are drunk.”
Since then they sparred at least twice a week, and Tony was feeling much better emotionally. Steve had let him work out all of his frustrations, punching until he was screaming in rage at everything he'd keep inside for months and years. Now he felt like he was starting to improve in terms of technique, now he'd moved on from pure, blind aggression. He was still matched blow for blow by Steve, but now he could at least see what was happening and could block a good portion of Steve's attacks. Then a first, his fist actually connected with Steve's chest. He'd got past Steve's apparently not impenetrable flurry of blocks. In a moment of disbelief he hesitated and found himself on the floor, Steve on top of him holding him down.
After a while of just holding him, Steve felt Tony’s breath start to become more even and regular. Eventually he thought Tony had fallen back to sleep and went to move. A quiet voice floated to his ears.
“Oh no I'm fine,” said Steve, not wanting Bruce to miss out on the fun.
“Hello? Who is this?”
Bruce was walking down the street, just taking his usual amble through the streets of the city, taking in the hustle and bustle around him and observing people with normal lives go about their business. He enjoyed just taking in everything around him, pretending that he could fit in, but since the whole Avengers thing he noticed a few more people looking at him in the street. He didn't know if he was comfortable with that, but mostly they left him alone and often the look was not of fear, but rather just of general recognition.
Tony shifted, “What, a guy can't fly through a wall once in a while?”
“Right here.”
“Me?” Steve asked, looking puzzled. “No Tony, I can’t!”
He hit dial, and lay on the bed. As soon as he heard Pepper answer he exclaimed down the phone, “Oh. My. God.”
“Thank God, thank god, thank god,” he whispered, before feeling Tony start to return the hug. A few seconds later Steve let go and held Tony by his shoulders so he could look at him. His eyes were bloodshot and puffy, his lips cracked and his fingers were bloody where the skin had been worried at.
Clint took a step forward and bit back the ache in his heart, “I don’t know,” he managed quietly.
Bruce spoke again, “Tony Stark, absolute genius, nightmare to understand. I have no idea what is going on with that thing. I don’t think I’ll be able to work it out, either.”
Tony's arm stopped halfway to his mouth as his eyes began to water. He stood up and turned away from Steve.
Steve frowned as he saw the red, angry skin that surrounded it, clear even through the layer of salve.
“What, you think I’m going to let you have all the fun?” came the reply, and Steve could hear the smirk.
“Are you safe?”
They walked into the restaurant, Tony confirming his booking for Stark, table for two. They were lead over to their table and their jackets taken off of them. Steve looked uncomfortable surrounded by so many people dressed up. When the menus came he baulked at the prices.
After what felt like an eternity they were allowed to leave, Fury holding Tony briefly back to check if he needed any further medical support. When he left the room he found Steve standing waiting for him, hands awkwardly in his pockets trying to look nonchalant, while the others continued down the hall.
“I’ve had the alarm sounding since the moment he left my system, Captain.” There was a beat of pause, “Are you taking your food with you?” JARVIS sounded concerned.
“I’m the only one here who can get near this thing without getting roasted like a Thanksgiving turkey, so no dice.”
“...What?” he asked.
“Tony, you look awful,” Steve breathed, “You need something to eat.”
Tony stood nervously outside the restaurant, in his favourite black shirt to block out the light from his arc reactor and a pair of perfectly fitting jeans. His light beige jacket felt stifling as he waited for his date to arrive.
Tony walked down the aisle with more sass and personality than most people could ever hope to muster in their entire lives, obviously adoring the attention. Bruce smiled wide as he heard Steve let out a chuckle. Many of the guests were moving with the beat, Tony's abundance of life was infectious. It was difficult to believe this was also the vulnerable and broken man they all knew existed.
Fury.”
“Yep! The bastards laid their eggs in me.
“Captain Rogers, Mr Stark requires your presence in the lab,” came JARVIS' voice through the gym.
The doors opened to Tony's level and Steve lead him to his room and into the bathroom. He turned on the shower and helped a shivering Tony strip out of his sodden clothes before undressing himself. They climbed into the shower and Steve held Tony against his chest until he started to heat up and the life came back into him. They stood in silence holding each other under the water, steam filling the room.
Softly Steve spoke as Tony's breathing began to slow, “Tony?”
Tony looked at him for a moment, “You’re going to do it.”
Steve felt his heart quicken a little as Tony pulled away from him. He saw dampness on his cheeks where he’d obviously let a few quiet tears run. Tony looked at him with exhausted eyes.
Thor was helping Clint go through the bits and pieces of inventions and plans left in Tony’s lab, hoping something useful would suddenly jump out at them
With that Tony was gone, and Steve was left breathless in the middle of the room.
“Do you have any idea what just happened or where he is?”
“You sure you don’t need to speak to a medic?” Steve asked with concern on his face as they followed down the corridor.
“Good,” said Tony, jumping off the workbench and bending down to pick his t-shirt off the floor. “Because I would be pretty upset right now if I knew I’d never get to experience that again.”
Tony smiled, “Tony Stark here, just a courtesy call to say I don't need your services as house sitters anymore.”
Steve had to concentrate on what Tony was saying so he wouldn't drift off just watching him. He loved it when Tony got really into something, his eyes lit up and his smile brightened the whole room. He'd come to a new appreciation of Tony and how he worked during the time they had spent trapped together, after the Iron Man opened up his feelings.
Steve looked at him, “You survived a fall from space and a hug from the Hulk, if you're glass then you're bulletproof.”
Steve wasn’t sure how long they stood there but he felt the rest of the team join around them in their embrace. His tears tapered off .
As he took the last couple of strides into the area he’d cleared he felt something catch on his foot. He was going too fast to stop, instead he sprawled into the dirt, feeling his foot rip away from the obstacle. He cried out in pain as tears formed in his eye. Catching his breath he pushed himself up off the ground and hobbled over the fire. He was scared to look at what had happened, his foot was in agony, fire rippling through his nerves and almost overpowering his exhausted body. He sat down by the flames and used the light to examine his foot. He sighed both in relief and apprehension. The nail on his right big toe had been completely ripped off, blood flowing through the now raw nail back and bed. He knew injuries like that not only bled and reopened constantly, but that his toe was now a prime target for infection. An infection that, in this environment, could easily become deadly. He clenched his jaw with the knowledge of what he was going to have to do. He was going to need to cauterise the wound.
It took a while for Tony to calm down, but Steve's presence always helped. He leant his head back on the wall as his breathing evened out.
. I didn't get to give you my reply, and of course I've forgotten everything I was going to say now,” he laughed stupidly.
Thor swallowed, “Do not apologise friend. We all despair at times, I was honoured you allowed me to be there to help, even a little.”
going to come back, right?”
Tony had to forcibly stop himself from dribbling into a puddle on the floor.
He pulled up in front of the tower and took a deep breath. He knew JARVIS would alert Tony the instant he tried to get in. Hell, he was probably alerting him right now. He sighed and reached the door. It didn't open.  He looked up at the security cameras he knew were there, “Rogers, override Alpha-seven-seven-Delta.” Nothing happened.
There was a pause. He felt a hand on his shoulder and looked up into Tony's eyes, “If ever anyone was a good friend, it's you, Steve.” His voice was soft.
Steve looked at him pointedly, waiting for Tony to look up and notice.
Tony snapped out of the shock and turned to take in his surroundings. The air was murky, hot and humid, the ground was soft and leaf strewn. Around him were some spindly leafy trees, but what really struck him was how bare of vegetation the area was, instead most of the space was taken up by the trunks and buttresses of huge trees. He slowly followed one of these trunks up to see the canopy far above him, some small beams of sunlight managing to get through the dense foliage and vines. The trees and canopy were alive with sound.
