Cramp.
“Always, brother dear,” Mycroft replied as he walked in.  “We’ll secure Mrs Shaw and these premises.  Lestrade awaits your arrival.”
“Wassup, bro?” Sherlock said as he flung open the office door.  He flopped into a seat as John caught the swinging door and closed it gently.   Mycroft waited until the good doctor was also seated.
Until John Watson appeared, Sherlock had viewed sex and his status as an Alpha to be useful only in the acquisition of drugs, information or other such benefits. Sherlock had not only doubted the existence of love, but also that sex would ever appeal beyond the need to bring his transport, his body, back under control.  For good or ill, drug abuse had made his cock less irrepressible and more unresponsive.
Sherlock stood and started to remove his blouse. He paused. “Are you staying in here?” he asked, suddenly a little shy.
“I was thinking we might move on to an examination of the perineum?  Now, I’ll take your cock in my mouth to best gauge the responsiveness. Would that be acceptable?”
Not sure if other nations use the expression ‘knocking shop’, which is essentially slang for a brothel. Apparently, some of the youth of the nation also use this term for a house where you can go to have sex with your partner beyond the gaze of worried parents. Think an older sibling’s house or somewhere. I never did anything like that. I am as pure as the driven snow, as you can imagine.
I'm posting early because I have a weekend of flatpack fun with a Hemnes and several Kallixes care of everyone's favourite Swedish furniture shop.  What can I say?  I'm just a very lucky woman.  The hilarious thing is that I'm, allegedly, the brains of the operation but, because my lovely partner is disabled, I am also the brawn and the one with control of power tools.  *cries laughing*  If I still have fingers, the next chapter'll be up Tuesday.
“Was there, y’know, anything that happened?”  John picked up the bedspread and threw it over the bed.
Sherlock shoulder charged the door. It hadn’t been shut properly, so it flew open easily. Sherlock landed in a heap half on and half off the bed. The momentum ensured his dressing gown wafted up and bared his pale, white arse.  It was not the most dignified entrance he’d ever made.  He looked up. John and Nathan stood, fully clothed, next to his chest of drawers.  Nathan was rubbing lube into his forearm.  John had a pair of Sherlock’s pants over his mouth. They both smirked.
“Tyler,” Sherlock said. “Mark Tyler.”
John rolled his eyes and sighed. “Okay.”
“What about the noises?”  Sherlock asked.  “We weren’t good at the noises.”
Sherlock nodded. He knew none of it. There was a voice in his head singing nursery rhymes. It was better that way.
This chapter and the next are very plotty- and beware red herrings! - but do not despair. Sexy times return in a couple of chapters.
“Oh God.” Devastation. “Oh God. What have I done? You said no.”
Sherlock smiled and nodded. He could hear his heartbeat thump in his ears. He might be having a panic attack or a heart attack. He had pins and needles in his hands. He wondered if Nathan knew how to do CPR. John might be too panic stricken to resuscitate him.  He could die in this tawdry brothel. It could happen. Any minute.
“Twenty-four,” Jamie replied. “She’s ma wee kid sister though, y’ken?”
“Help me.” Ian’s voice had been almost broken. “I need it harder and faster.”
“Urgh, that was disgusting. I think someone just shot the dude’s hand off,” Sharan said.  “I did not need to see that after having strawberry jam in my porridge this morning.”
John grinned. “I feel like I’ve been held down and spunked on.” He winked. “But very loved.”
John shrugged. “I’ve never met someone who does.”
“No, I’ve just got up. John’s gone away for a bit.”  Sherlock wrapped his free arm around himself and stroked his other arm.
“Of course,” Sherlock said. He rubbed his face with one hand.  He wondered if he knew John at all. He hadn’t realised he’d said it aloud.
“Living.”
“Just a bit.  Oh, and one more thing.”
“Yes, John. I still can’t always tell.”
John asked, sticking the kit in the sink and opening it up.
Sherlock twirled on the spot. “So, he has mixed thoughts about his homosexuality and, possibly, about homosexuals in general.  It is something to be hidden, a desire that can only be indulged in secrecy. He is closeted and, as a result, probably more likely to suffer mental health issues, substance abuse problems and is open to blackmail.  Continue.”
“Fuck, look, I think he does,” Lestrade replied.  “Read the damn post and then let me know if you need me, yeah?”
“The massage oil?” Fabian handed Sherlock the bottle.  He slipped the cap and sniffed it. Fig and Orange blossom
If you've read this pile of smutty smutness with no redeemable value and probably cruelty to commas, I thank you from the bottom of my black, smutty heart. That is all. Please tell me what you think. <3
John’s desperate expression and struggling had been a parody of his own normal arousal. Mary had simply sped up her movements and fucked him relentlessly.
http://jwilson.coe.uga.edu/emat6680/parveen/fib_nature.htm
“Jason came to us as a result of a meeting I had in Milton Keynes.” Charles stroked his beard. “I invest in casinos, nightclubs and the like.  I met Jason at one of those venues.  He was, well, servicing a client at the time.”
“Promise?”
John grinned. “Then hold on tight.”  He leant back and bounced against Sherlock’s pelvis. John cried out when Sherlock stroked him with firm, fast strokes.  “Yes, yes.  Want you to come in me.”
“My throat’s temporarily buggered and Rosie’s scared shitless, but we’ll live.”
John crawled over Sherlock’s body from the feet up. He peppered the skin he passed with random, dry little kisses.  He took a rather sinful suck at the head of Sherlock’s cock, then kissed the centre of his chest.
Charles nodded.  “I agree.  We installed the security room several months ago, after there was an incident up there.  It started in the WAM room; a custard pie fight became rather bad tempered and two of the men started to run the place. It took us three days of cleaning and over a thousand pounds to repair the damage. After that, well, we installed the cameras. I’ll be honest, we only use the cameras at weekends when the club is busier.”
“Not as hard,” John begged. “Please.”
Sherlock’s death had triggered John’s second heat. He’d forgotten his suppressants, just as he’d forgotten almost everything but pure, sinking pain. In the end, John picked up a bloke from Grindr, wrapped industrial strength condoms around his Alpha cock, and ridden him until a broken, heat-ravaged John Watson had cried with exhaustion and sadness and sheer bloody desperation. Because,
Mycroft Holmes was nervous.  He’d just been told that his brother and Dr Watson were on their way up to his office.   He didn’t want to see either of them.  During his last conversation with Sherlock, he’d informed his brother that he would only turn over Mark Tyler’s key to a safe deposit box if there was a compelling reason to do so.  Mycroft hadn’t stated what reason that would be and he hadn’t turned the key over to the security services. He had, in short, stalled for time.  The perfect outcome would be to turn the key back over to Tyler without it being used at all.  Mycroft knew that was unlikely.  He now had a feeling he was about to weigh up the security of a Europol agent and investigation against the demands of his brother.  Such dilemmas
There was a pause.  John let go of Sherlock and ended their kiss.  “Right,” he murmured against Sherlock’s chest.
Lestrade ran his hands through his hair. “Look, mate, is there anything else you can think of that will help us?  It is a murder enquiry and you are one of several suspects, so it’s worth your while telling us if there’s anything you can think of.”
John rubbed his eyes.
“Bitter and twisted sounds more like us,” Sherlock said.  “There’s nothing straightforward about us. Nothing conventionally romantic or sweet.  I jumped off a roof in front of you, your wife shot me, and you blamed me for her death before having copious amounts of sex with a man who looked a bit like me.  I think bitter and twisted sounds fine.  At least we’ve twisted together and not apart.  God, that sounded trite. You should shoot me now.”
“Good,” John encouraged. “It’s all okay, just inhale through your nose and exhale through your mouth.”
Sherlock’s knees ached and sweat weakened his grip on John’s hips, but he couldn’t have stopped for the world. At this angle, it would be impossible to bite John’s scent gland in order for them to bond.
Sherlock smiled.  “It was good,” he agreed. “Very good.  If next time’s better, we may have to buy Mrs Hudson some ear protectors. You’re loud.”
There was a slick, wet sound and a long groan.
“Bashed my heel,” John admitted. The skin had been scraped from the back of his ankle and left a small, barely-bleeding wound which failed to represent the pain it’d caused.
“As great as that was, the raging bloody Omega in me wants your knot. So, you, Sherlock Holmes, need to do that.” John rolled onto his side. “Maybe you could lie behind me and just do it that way?”
“Oi, you two, I was a soldier, for fuck’s sake. I’ve had plenty of guns pointed at me and lived to tell the tale. Now, Sherlock, let’s go get some evidence for the nice policeman.” He grabbed Sherlock’s hand, dragged him out of Lestrade’s office and all the way to the lift.
John stopped what he was doing and that was very bad news. “Um, happy to listen but maybe lay off the fabulous cock thing?”
Sherlock chuckled.  He’d only lasted so long was because he kept picturing his brother in a PVC faux-nurses outfit.  “You can’t speak. The noises you make, should be illegal.”
“Any reaction now?” the emergency operator asked.
Sally tapped her pockets until she found her notebook.   “This is Brandon Cox.  He’s an Australian and he’s worked here for about three years.  We’re not sure of his age, but we know that he mostly worked in this area of the club.  Charles called him a ‘host’, whatever that means. Anderson thinks he was mid-shag when he died.”
Sherlock paused for a moment and then nodded. “Did you just call my Alpha manhood a ‘winky’?”
“Maybe. Just for a while.”
“But he isn’t you,” John replied.  “He was practice.  An experiment.  I couldn’t do that to you.”  John squeezed Sherlock’s bicep. It was firm, lean.  John hoped he’d stopped squeezing before it got creepy.
Sherlock shook his head.  Wiggins was a chemist, almost an artist. Whoever had made the drugs Fabian used didn’t care who they hurt.
Sherlock’s cock gave a twitch.   “Hell, yes.” He uncrossed his limbs and pulled John in for another kiss.   He pushed a hand into John’s jeans.
“And the percentage?”
“Hell yes,” the stranger behind John agreed.  Murphy didn’t need to be asked twice.  Sherlock winced at the force Murphy used.  Reid grabbed Murphy’s hands, which were digging into the stranger’s hips, and used them to pull himself onto the stranger’s cock deeper.
“It’s time you gave us the keys to Tyler’s safe deposit box.  In fact, it’s past time,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock clambered to his feet and panted into his mic.  “Fire escape.”
“You’re holding back,” John said. “I know you are. Stop it. Just, please.”
“You’re not dead, you’ve just had an orgasm.”
“You bring up Rosie,” Sherlock replied.  “I’m just your partner.”
Moobs. Do we all know that moobs are man boobs?  If you don't, please consider this your translation. :-)
“I don’t care, Mycroft,” John said.  “I know she wouldn’t be even remotely surprised but, for God’s sake, we both know the minute I walk into 221B that Sherlock will deduce everything.  Just call him. Why waste time?”  John sighed.   Adrenalin had made his head swim and hysteria hid barely below the surface of his composure.  “Just one thing,” he heard himself say in a tone that belied his emotion. “Is there any chance we can lie about who I was with?”
“Before we begin,” Sherlock said, “Would you please ask an officer to retrieve the sex toy from beneath one of the chairs in the foyer?  I believe the item to be a butt plug.”
“No, you’re high on the same drug as Mark Tyler and the man John dragged out of the club,” Sherlock said. “I want to know where you got it from and who you gave it to.  I saw you slip a pill to Tyler.”
“It’s spunk dribbling out of my arse,” John replied.  “It looks like you’d think it would look.”
“I’d always thought that Daniels must have known them. But, other than his fake girlfriend and the people in parliament, I never found anyone. They all checked out. There must be someone though.  I was in the process of trying to find out more about Langridge’s. I don’t think Charles is involved, but there must be someone.”
The laughter died in John’s throat. He put his hand on Sherlock’s knee. “You’re nothing like Fabian Bouchard. Nothing at all. Thank God.”
“You’re right. That is disgusting.”
“I wouldn’t have let you choose,” Mary said.  “I loved you too much for that.  Now, I want you to do something for me.” She smiled and smoothed the covers at the end of the bed.  “I want you and him to love each other and love Rosie and be disgustingly happy.  No more attempts to jeopardise it, no more overthinking and being an idiot. Okay?”
Sherlock pressed a slick finger against John’s hole and swirled his tongue over the head of John’s cock.   John’s internal muscles clenched, then relaxed as Sherlock worked one, then two fingers in and out.   He pulled off John’s cock and removed his fingers in order to yank John’s bedside table open.
It was in this state that Mary appeared, pictured by John at the foot of Sherlock’s bed, arms crossed and wearing a warm smile.
“I want your fingers in me,” Sherlock said, his voice husky from silent shouts and gasps.  “Push your juices inside me.”
“I’m not at liberty to say. National security.”
“Erwock!” Rosie shouted at Sherlock. He crouched by her chair.  “Hello, Rosie.” Sherlock stroked her hair with trembling fingers.
“Fuck off.”
John let Sherlock position him and almost sobbed with relief when Sherlock’s half-hard cock slid inside. If earlier was sheer, rabid desperation, for Sherlock this was pure love. He draped his body over John’s and rocked inside, nudging John’s prostate, not jabbing it with hard thrusts.  His hands slipped around John’s feverish skin and caressed his cock with tender touches. John’s breathy gasps increased when Sherlock started to thrust in deeper. Sherlock kissed his shoulders and the back of his neck, then followed the contours of John’s bullet scar with his tongue.
“Like I give a shit what they think,” John answered. He tried to get his volume control back down.  “As far as they know, it’s shamming. Only we need know the truth.”
Sherlock twitched. “Hurts,” he admitted.
Sherlock’s knot formed so fast it almost made him dizzy. He huffed out heavy breaths with each rock of his hips, confined as they were by his knot that locked him into John. Sherlock heard wild, shapeless noises when he came, noises he suspected were his own. Involuntarily, his spine arched inward, his hands on the bed, arms locked, and body stretched, inverted. Sherlock’s cock pumped load after load of release deep into John’s body.  He shuddered, taut, for a moment, until his arms buckled, and John wrapped his arms around him.
Sherlock’s theory about Daniels for Jason’s murder would be proven, in part, by the presence of oral microorganisms left on the butt plug bagged at the crime scene.  Gabriel Smith, the prostitute Daniels had spent time with on the evening of Jason’s murder, was already on the way to New Scotland Yard.
“And in ten minutes, after a quick scrub, you can go to sleep.”
Lain in bed at home, Sherlock’s cock thickened.  He paused to spit into his palm and began to stroke himself faster and firmer than before.
Sherlock climbed on the bed and walked to the centre on his knees. His courage left him once he was off his feet.  He wanted to curl into a ball, but John clambered beside him and pushed Sherlock’s shoulders into the mattress and kissed him.   Their first kiss was ruthless and clumsy. Teeth clashed and noses were squashed until John titled Sherlock’s head a little and stroked his cheek to still him.  He sucked Sherlock’s lower lip between his teeth and nibbled it.
“It is important that you protect him,” John agreed.  “A heads up would have helped though.”
“Anything?”
“Devious,” Sherlock remarked.  “I thought we’d been broken into by someone who wanted to dance.”
“That’ll be the source.” Sherlock stood.  “The lubricant.  It would be far easier to slip an allergen into a liquid and for it not to be noticed.  It may have even been worn on the hands.”   Sherlock put his hands either side of imaginary hips and thrust his hips forward.
“Forgive me?” John asked against Sherlock’s lips. “Forgive me for being a twat?”
“Tedious. I want to know what you earn from each
“You’re not going anywhere near…”
Sherlock Holmes liked to think of himself as a man whose mind ruled his body.
That was that decision made, then, which just left Sherlock to wonder if he could teach Rosie to call his brother Chunky Myc instead.
Sherlock climbed in.
“Yes, yes, yes,” Sherlock intoned.  He rested his forehead against John’s and breathed in his breath.  The heat, the sweat, the delicious friction; it all intoxicated Sherlock. He didn’t know up or down, black or white, nothing but the impending release getting closer and closer.
“You smell.”
John waved.  He felt Sherlock’s arm beside him and, unless he was very much mistaken, the detective was suggesting that Bailey was a fan of masturbation.
Mycroft paused, then nodded.  “As you wish, Dr Watson.”  It would be churlish to say that he’d already put the wheels in motion for Tyler to be brought to London the following day. After all, Sherrinford wasn’t the sort of place Mycroft wanted Rosie to visit.  Ever.  Though it tempted Mycroft to be sullen, this wasn’t the time.  “Now, might we move on?”
“You’re not a practising addict, Sherlock.  Harriet Watson used mouthwash two weeks ago when she had gastroenteritis.”
Sherlock grabbed the lube from the bedside table.  He drizzled the slick liquid from the bottle onto John’s groin, lubed John’s cock and his own, then stretched his body out.  He slipped a knee between John’s legs and took an experimental thrust. John replied with a moan.
“Thanks for that reminder. I just thought I had better self-control is all.”
“And now he’s made his escape, leaving my addict brother in a fragile emotional state.” Mycroft narrowed his eyes.  “I really must tell Dr Watson next time I see him not to apply for work at any addiction treatment centres. I don’t think he’s ‘on-message’ as they say.”
“The bloke with the lube?  The one who shagged Brandon?”
Sherlock had barely finished cleaning John’s feet when he was drawn back up to stand. John’s kiss was greedy and delicious and Sherlock met each suck and nip with his own. The sound of their kisses was obscene against the white, porcelain silence.
Sherlock chose that moment to take John’s penis into his mouth as far as he could.  He rolled John’s balls in his hand and lifted his head until just the tip of John’s dick was between his lips. He then lowered and sucked him into his mouth. He did this over and over until John started to slightly thrust into Sherlock’s mouth.  He tried his best not to, but it was impossible not to entirely.
“Save the lanky bastard, John.  For Rosie. For yourself. For Sherlock. For me. I don’t care. I just know that you need to be together to give my daughter a good life. So, get to it, wanker.”  Mary smiled and blew him a kiss.
“I was thinking,” John said. “What do you think about a trial run?”
When they perused the list, Sherlock and John discovered there were five clients in common from the list of attendees on the nights of Jason and Brandon’s murders.  Three of them had been on Brandon’s client list and one of those two had seen Ellis.  All of them featured on Sherlock’s list of suspects from the day before.
“We’ll be seeing Mr Tyler at eight-thirty.  If you have any information before then, you will let me know, won’t you?”  Sherlock stood.  John followed his lead.
“No,” John said. He was so very tired, so very embarrassed.  If Sherlock left the room now, John would climb out of the window rather than face him again.  He stumbled as he stepped out of his jeans and Sherlock steadied him by putting his arm around John’s shoulders.  “I’m sorry,” John whispered.  “By rights, I should be arrested for being here. Plus, if this gets out, if it makes it to the press, I won’t mind if you don’t want me to work cases with you anymore.  I…”
“Want me to stop?”  John asked.
I forgot to say, one of the reasons I wrote this fic is because I feel like I'm still trying to get my groove back in terms of writing smut. I got plot-blocked with the follow-up to Double or Nothing, so I wrote this to make sure that I was at least getting some useful practise in. That's what I'm telling myself and you can't stop me.
“Maybe we’re just old enough and creaky enough to know how special this is.” Sherlock brushed something from John’s cheek and smiled. “Or we’re just more willing to compromise. Or something.”
“Arsehole.”
“If you could put us in a room with Tyler and we could ask him anything, what would have us ask?” John said.  “I feel like he’s a bit of an enigma. What would you like to know?”
When John pulled Sherlock into the room, he did so walking backwards, their lips connected and their hands tugging at clothing.  It wasn’t entirely surprising then, that John bashed his heel against one of the legs of the bed.
“I’m sure only Mycroft sees the footage. Or maybe his assistant. These crisps are lovely.” Sherlock looked at the bag. “Coronation chicken
“I agree, John,” Sherlock said. “I apologise. I will no longer try to gauge the capacity of sexual fluids you can retain during intercourse.”
John clutched at Sherlock, rocked against him another three or four times and then stiffened.  His arse clenched around Sherlock’s fingers so hard it almost hurt, and he murmured a litany of assent.   When John’s body collapsed on top of his, Sherlock rolled them over and tried to get his breath back.  He watched John’s face until he opened his eyes.
“Did you have any plans for this evening’s activities?” John rested his knee on the bed and pulled the towel from his waist. His cock was hard and darker than the surrounding skin.  Sherlock shook his head.  “In that case, I thought I’d get a little practice in.”  John rubbed his hair messy with the towel and then dropped it to the floor.
“Do you want to stop?” Sherlock asked when he reappeared. His dick was still hard, and he still looked aroused, but John knew Sherlock would stop and get dressed if he asked him to.
Fabian picked up the pace a little. John resisted the urge to look at his watch; if his hooker was moving things along then their time was running out.   Once they were past the sixty-minute mark, John’s account was automatically debited for another hour. Whilst Mary’s pension and her life insurance had left John comfortably well-off, he couldn’t justify blowing his daughter’s college fund on, well, blowing.
“Oh, Sherlock.” John gripped the armrests of the chair and made silent ‘o’s’ with his lips with each stroke of the chair and pass of Sherlock’s lips. “Make me come, sweetheart. Please.”
“We don’t have to continue if…”
“Understood what?” Sherlock looked lovely when he was puzzled.
“Kids are tough,” Piero agreed.  “You need to make time for you also. Plus, I do not think you should call your boyfriend Sharon.”
“I think the doctor’s been round,” John said and nodded towards the flashing console by the door.
“Ffff-ffff-go away.” John lifted his head and leaned towards Sherlock. His lips were like gravity and they pulled him in.
“No, shut it!” John replied. “I’m going to promise you something that I know you’re thinking about whether you admit it or not.  Sherlock Holmes, although I love you and I have no idea what I would do without you, I promise not to jump in front of a bullet for you, you cock. I won’t do it
“That was nice of you,” Sherlock said. He stood and covered his bum. John offered him the pants.  Sherlock took them, checked they were clean and popped them on.
“Do you think Fabian looks like me?” Sherlock looked at his fingernails. That wasn’t the question he wanted to ask at all. He had another go. “Why did you decide to have sex with someone who looks like me?”
Sherlock sighed. His side hurt and he was concerned his kidneys might be a bit not good. It seemed right to do what John said but, all the same, it’s not like this was attractive, or erotic, and hell, Sherlock really wanted John to think of him as attractive and erotic. Even half dressed in women’s clothes and half-beaten.
“Because you blogged that Sherlock was in love with you and that you shagged and then you ran away.”
Sherlock shrugged.  It was always enjoyable to pretend to Mycroft that he knew nothing about politics.
“How can I help you, today?” Nathan asked. He was dressed in a long tunic over baggy trousers made from patterned wax fabric.   He sat with his arms spread and his feet tucked under his body. Like Piero had, Nathan gave the impression he was utterly relaxed and at ease with himself, with Sherlock and John, and with his job and his surroundings.
“No.” Sherlock put his hands on his hips.
“For now, I just want to fuck.” John’s words were clear, but his tone betrayed his need. “Then we’ll play. But I need you now.”
“No?” John looked panicked. “Was it awful?”
John took another sip of his drink to hide his grin.  “She can pole-dance better than this, too.”
Mycroft looked at the paper and discovered it was a list of equipment for the drugs bust.  He folded and slipped it into his pocket.  “I’ll deliver it to Baker Street myself on Thursday afternoon.”
“I deserve an award for my acting, Jean.”
“What?” Sherlock was puzzled. Surely orgasm was the point of sex?
“You don’ wan’ to sleep wi’ me no more?”  John started to cry again.  “I’s because I’m grey, innit?”
“How was that?”
“Well that’s good. But here’s the thing, if I was going to come to you and say, ‘Hey, Sherlock, let’s make love’ and all of that, then I needed to be able to show you how to do those things. I know how to live with you and to love you because you’re my friend.  I just didn’t know how to make love to you. I always knew that was my job. If we do bedroom things, I need to take care of you.”
“Doing it now,” Sherlock said and swept the pen off the floor, uncapped it and plunged the needle in Rosie’s thigh. He massaged the spot when the pen was lifted.
“Not Jason so much,” Candlar admitted. “I’ve seen him there, of course.  I preferred it when Marianne worked reception, truth be told. I thought she brought an air of class to the place.”
“You don’t have to explain.” John stroked Sherlock’s bum. “I know you’re good in a fight.”
John huffed out a laugh.  “Maybe we’ll pass on the romance?  Go straight for strangeness and copious amounts of sex?”   John fluttered his eyelashes.
“Oh.” Sherlock felt John impale himself on his cock.  He couldn’t lift his hips, since John’s hands were braced against the top of Sherlock’s thighs.   John’s bit his lower lip and he regarded Sherlock through heavy lids.  He smiled when he dropped down the last half an inch.
“My colleague and partner, Dr John Watson is presently undergoing emergency surgery at St Mary’s Hospital,” Sherlock said. “This is his daughter, Rosie. Doctor Watson was in the RAMC and served in Afghanistan. He works for the NHS and is an everyday hero and a wonderful father.  It is his intent that I am his next of kin and that I am legal guardian of Rosie along with him.  We need this to be arranged as a matter of extreme urgency.”
“Very much in love with you,” John replied. “If you’ll have me?”
Sherlock nodded. He knew his brow was furrowed and that he probably looked as concerned as he felt. However, since he and John had just been discussing having sex with each other, a certain amount of emotional candour was appropriate.
“You will not use toys on me without my express permission,” John continued. “Now, what are your thoughts on bonding?”
“Can I check with you, Officer, that you have the lubricant and condom used by Mr...?”
“Not long, I think,” John said. “I take it I’ve got to stay like this so you can be a pervy Alpha about all this, have I?”
The reality TV star chuckled.  “Less fucking boring, more like.”
Sherlock gasped.
“First of all, just for the record, I will still love you if you’re an arsehole. I know what a good heart you have now, so you can’t hide it no matter what a rude git you are.  Secondly, do you honestly think I’d agree to take part in this bust if I didn’t have faith in you, in Lestrade and in Mycroft?  I have even more faith because I’m a father. I know that every single one of you will do all you can to bring me home so I can live happily with my daughter for a bloody long time.”
“I hate this bloody thing!” John threw the dildo and it bounced off the wall, then hit the floor with a heavy thump. “It’s a horrible monster cock and I don’t want you to be that big.  Never. Ever.”
John scowled at Sherlock as if he was having trouble focusing.  “Where Rosie?”
“I can’t hold on,” Sherlock said.  “You need to touch yourself.”  The tell-tale inner warmth that indicated his orgasm was clear started to glow. John’s skin burned beneath his palms. John pumped his own cock and his body tightened around Sherlock. Their combined desperate little huffs of breaths fluttered into the air with each stroke.
“John?”  Sherlock’s gaze remained on Simon.  “Do you concur?”
“Did you really think we were going to have sex in your helicopter, Mycroft?”  Sherlock asked. He leant his head back against the seat. He looked ridiculously happy.
John mind was overtaken with a sudden image of Sherlock attempting to walk with the stonking erection John knew he had. He smiled and then stopped when he released the bed sheets beneath his arse were rather tacky.
Inside, Anthea waited for them.  Laid out on a gold and black satin couch was a changing mat, nappies, and a red velvet dress for Rosie, a cream-coloured cardigan, tights and red satin shoes.  It all looked ridiculously expensive.
Sherlock paused.  The sound of sirens from approaching police was audible now.  “Interesting.”   He walked over to Matthews’ desk.  He noticed something, picked up a pen and used it to slide it out from beneath a pile of files.  He picked up the photograph with his gloved fingers and showed it to John.  “I think it’s time we visited my brother again.”
“We are very discrete,” John said.   “Have you been a member of Langridge’s for long?”
“Where did you get the drugs from, Fabian?”
“Agreed,” Sherlock admitted.  “I suspect Langridge’s will prove to be the key. The murders there make sense if they were a show of power as well as a response to paranoia or revenge.”
“And you knew Jason and Brandon well?”
“Okay?” John asked.  Sherlock pushed down a little and John’s finger slipped inside further.
“We’re working on it.” John disengaged himself from Fabian and waited for Sherlock to arrive.  When they had reached Langridge’s, Sherlock had told John to ask for Fabian while he found Charles.   They’d agreed to meet at Reception. Simon gave John a sympathetic look.
John grinned. “Fuck knows what I was thinking.”
“No, no, I don’t think I do.   I just wanted to say that I’m so sorry, Simon. This just shouldn’t have happened. I’m, well, I’m sorry I couldn’t save him.”   John looked down at his hands.  He’d been taking notes and he had ink smudges on his skin.  What was there to say?
Lestrade looked up to the heavens, shook his head but remained silent.
“Sounds good to me.”
“No, Sherlock.   The fact you’re wearing tight trousers practically gave me a hard-on earlier.  If you even suggest that you want to have sex with me now, I will probably get a hard-on.  But you know what?  Even if he is an utter dickhead, if I hadn’t slept with Fabian I wouldn’t have known.  And if you decide that you want us to have sex, then I know I can make love to you properly.”
With Sherlock on a case and John sharing his time between babysitting Sherlock and being a daddy to Rosie, there hadn’t a repeat of their pre-heat warm-up sex. Indeed, when Sherlock and John finally returned to 221B Baker Street with the case solved, they did little more than share a takeaway, have a quick snog, and head to their own respective bedrooms for some well-deserved sleep.
“For Scrabble?” Sherlock tried to look injured.
“I don’t mean it literally,” John said.  “It’s a figure of speech.”
“Staying in bed with me.” John sat up.  “I’ve waited a long time for this.  I, for once, am going to make a demand. I want post-coital snuggles for fuck’s sake. That’s just the way it is and you’re going to give it to me.”  John looked concerned, as if he was as shocked as Sherlock at what he'd just said.
Simon offered Sherlock a mock salute. “Yes, Sir,” he said with a wavering voice and a nod.  “Let me know if you need anything at all.”
“This is ridiculous,” John said. “We can walk.”
“What about Rosie?” Sherlock asked. Childcare was the most adult thing he could think of.
“Can you check her SATS?” John asked. The Paramedic leant over.
John’s eyes flew open and he turned.
“Well, what if you buggered off to do a recce on a transvestite club one evening without telling me and, as a result, I said, no, Sherlock my darling, I don’t want your penis up my arse tonight, thanks very much.”
“Fancy making me a cuppa?” Ian had winked, and, just in that moment, he really had looked a little like John Watson.
Sherlock’s instinct was to be slow and try not to get lost in sensation and pleasure.  But there was something about tonight.  They’d been damned close to fucking each other in the blackout room earlier, even if it was in front of Lestrade and Donovan.  Control simply wasn’t possible, and Sherlock fucked John with quick, deep thrusts.
“Are you guys both okay with latex?  If Aaron has a latex allergy, he might not realise it on his hands,” Nathan suggested. “But hell do you realise it when it’s in your arse.”
“I like it,” John said. “It makes me feel good, ‘specially since, well, y’know.” John smiled a big, warm smile that suggested he was, indeed, very pleased with Sherlock’s attraction. “And since I know you’re interested, and you’re my best mate, and I trust you, I thought I would ask you if you’d look after me during my heat.”
“Him.” Sherlock pointed to another name on the list.
“Rough night, lads?” Lestrade stood and greeted them as Sherlock and John walked into his office at New Scotland Yard.   “I thought the train thing happened earlier in the day.”
Sherlock laughed. He crawled over John in a manner which might have been seductive if he wasn’t giggling. “I’ll just take your word for it, shall I?”
So, essentially, this is a sex and exposition chapter. A spoonful of sugar and all that. Jammed in between is a strange little scene which depicts an important moment for John. It's an odd one, but it fits Sherlock canon.
“You’ve got another three blokes coming in,” Lestrade added.
“Quite so. I’m not sure I approve of him taking his daughter to spend time with an alcoholic, of course.” Mycroft thumped his umbrella against the floor.
“Perhaps you aren’t the right man for the job after all,” Sherlock said as he reached John’s side.  “We came to ask for your help. It seems I judged you to be a stronger person than you are.”
“I try not to hurt you.” Sherlock softened his touch and let his fingers ghost over the arch of John’s foot making him laugh and squirm.
“Mr Langridge,” Sherlock said.  “Do you happen to ask the people who work here for lists of allergies?”
“The same reason you didn’t tell me that you were going to nominate us for this little undercover operation.” John raised an eyebrow.
John’s cock seemed to grow thicker in Sherlock’s mouth. He could taste the bitter tang of precome, sweat and chlorine. Sherlock pressed another finger inside himself alongside the first. It was a bit quick. It hurt a little. He sucked just the mushroom head of John’s cock hard until John began to thrust into his mouth.
“Erm.” The woman floundered.  She looked at Mycroft and raised her eyebrows.  “I think, maybe, that, well, er, Mycroyd?”
“We’ve got to try, Simon,” John said.  He paused to remember his count of chest compressions.  “Has anyone dialled 999?  Do it, someone, please.”
Sherlock’s left eye was twitching now. Perhaps he was having an aneurism? He thought his throat might be closing up. Maybe he was allergic to brothels and this was anaphylaxis. He rubbed his lips together. Were they swollen?
“To be blunt, John, sometimes I like having things up my bum and sometimes I don’t.” Sherlock shrugged.  “I can’t tell whether this is a day I do or a day I don’t.”
“You could grab that bowl of mints on the side, empty out the sweets and see if we fill it. Film it, if you like.”
“So where do we start?”
The move was well rehearsed.  Sonny, who’d sat on the sofa behind Murphy, stood and removed his dressing gown as Murphy dropped his own.   Sonny slipped his gown onto Murphy’s shoulders, picked up Murphy’s robe and headed for the blackout room door.
“Arrest him and visit the family home. John and I would like to take a look at his home too. We’ve got an errand to run; let us know when you’ve secured the house.”
Fabian turned himself around.  Tyler grabbed the lube, dribbled some into his hand and swiftly pushed three fingers into Fabian.
Silence spread between them like a puddle of troubled waters.
“Hurry, Sherlock,” John said.  “Inside me.  Want you.”
John sighed.  “Go on.”
“What would you do if Sherlock was a woman?”
John moaned.  Mycroft searched the reflection image to see where Sherlock’s hand was.  He couldn’t see it. Should he turn and look?
Sherlock turned towards John, who brought their lips together almost immediately.  He didn’t give Sherlock a chance to be nervous. His tongue pressed against Sherlock’s lips, until he opened his mouth and deepened the kiss.  Sherlock held John’s head as if it were priceless and wove his fingertips into the hair at the nape of his neck.   In response, John put a hand to Sherlock’s cheek and traced the outline of his lips as they kissed.  Sherlock smiled against his mouth.  When they parted, John grinned too.
“You’re still looking into Mark Tyler’s past.”  Sherlock paused until Mycroft nodded.  “I think Bouchard mentioned him because we did. Perhaps he thought it was the name we wanted to hear.  Beyond him, the only suspects we have outstanding are Stephen Daniels and a man called Dan Murphy,” Sherlock replied.  “Daniels was allegedly called away on business the day following Cox’s murder. He’s somewhere abroad. Murphy’s mother took ill the same day and Murphy returned to Liverpool where she lives. According to Lestrade, he’s checked in with the police daily at their request.  He returns to London tomorrow.”
Sherlock walked to the bedroom and flicked through his wardrobe.  He dismissed black; he didn’t want to be mistaken for a waiter, not tonight. He put on his blue Richard James Hyde suit, a silvery grey, fine pinstripe shirt and black tie.
“Few things that aren’t the monster cock, you mean.”
“Okay, what do you need?”  John fed Rosie baby porridge in the hope that doing so would keep him calm.
Butcher’s shop
“I fear that, while Sherlock’s upbringing was good for his mind, it left gaps in other areas,” Mycroft admitted. “I admit that I have not encouraged his emotional development as, perhaps, I should. I, too, am rather short on that score.”
The console of the chair beeped. “I-n-s-e-r-t—y-o-u-r—p-e-n-i-s—i-n-t-o—t-h-e—h-o-s-e—a-p-p-a-r-a-t-u-s.”
“We can if you fall back on top of me.” Sherlock wrapped both arms around John. “I’ll hang on to you.” With little grace and no lack of discomfort, John flopped backwards as Sherlock did. They collapsed into a heap, their legs in a tangle. “Can we turn over?” John wasn’t a big man, but he felt heavy on Sherlock’s chest.  They rocked back and forth a little like a beetle stuck on its back.
“Not quite,” Sherlock said. “You’ll be entertaining Mr Tyler in the film room. Although Mr Tyler won’t be able to see us, John and I will be present. We simply want to observe his behaviour.”
“Bear down a bit,” John suggested. “And let me in.”
“Ah!” John leant back against Sherlock’s chest. “I can’t tell you how amazing you feel and smell and everything.” John gripped Sherlock’s thighs. “I’ve never wanted anyone this much.”
“Give me a minute,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock nodded.  “Overwhelmed?” John asked.
“I want you to bond me this time.” John removed his fingers, stood on his knees and braced himself against the headboard. Slick ran down the back of his thighs. “I need it.”
He strode ahead. John nudged Sherlock’s shoulder with his and they followed. Sometimes, being Sherlock Holmes and John Watson wasn’t so bad.
As far as I’m concerned, I’ve made this up. If it exists, I certainly don’t know anything about it.
John nodded. He didn’t know that much about the Crown Prosecution Service
Now, I have a choice for you, my dear readers.  I could post chapter 22 on Tuesday, or I could post it tomorrow.  May I have your thoughts, please?
“Yes.” John rammed back against Sherlock’s fingers, fucking himself on them. “I need you, put your cock in me.”
“John, my John.” Sherlock rapidly fluttered his eyelashes. “I beg, no, implore you to put your manly Omega penis into my bottom so I too can feel full of penile love.”
“Please, John,” Sherlock whispered in between kisses.  “I need you.”   His hands roamed down John’s back and he squeezed his tight backside. John jumped a little and wriggled away. He moved down Sherlock’s body until his mouth was level with his chest, then swirled his tongue around one nipple. Sherlock gasped and carded his fingers through John’s hair.  He pushed his chest towards John’s mouth and was rewarded with a long suck.
John’s head spun.  Sherlock was too far away.  John closed his eyes.  “We’re here on business, Fabian.” His throat felt thick with unshared caresses.
“Only if you do something for me,” Piero said. He now wore a silky lounge suit. He still had a very large penis.  “You put in good words with Charles for me after.  Normal people or not, it would be good to work in a nicer place.”
Simon raised his head. His face was tear-stained and red. “Dr Watson!” he cried and reached for him.
“An arse to get your arse into the sex swing?” Lestrade asked, a grin tilting his lips upward.
At the bottom of the box was a brown, manila envelope. John opened the envelope and removed a number of photographs.   He went through them and dropped them on the table.
Sherlock opened his eyes and flung himself off the bed with a groan and a thump.  “We’re showering together and we need to be back in bed in ten minutes.”
John and Sherlock walked up to the blackout area together.  When they entered the main room, they seemed to be almost alone.  Sherlock and John put on what looked like normal glasses but were, in fact, highly sophisticated night-vision goggles.
“I’ll, um, fill you in on her later,” John said.  He looked over at Simon.  “Can you think of anyone who would do this, Simon?  Anyone at all?”
“Um, you could’ve jiggled a bit?” John looked at his mushrooms as if they were fascinating.
or up your arse, whatever you do with do with the sodding stuff?”
John sighed. It was all Sherlock could offer him and all John could offer Sherlock. Neither of them had the ability to make fate change her mind. “Then that’s what we’ll work with.”
Sherlock had planned a gentle, slow night of sensuous pleasure.  John had other ideas.  He writhed against him, fucking himself until Sherlock’s body reacted.   Each rolling thrust began carefully, but ended with a sharp jab of his hips, his cock plunging inside.
“Look after Rosie,” John said.  His voice really didn’t sound like his own.  “She needs you to stay calm.”
“John, do rescue breaths.”
Sherlock spread John’s buttocks a little, grasped his cock, lined it up and pushed slowly inside the tight heat of John’s body.  He panted with the effort required to move gently and smoothly. Sherlock pushed in a little more. “Okay?  Am I hurting you?” he whispered.
“Look, Nathan, is there anything else you haven’t told us?”  John said. “I don’t want to be a bastard about this, but you really need to just tell us if there’s anything else.”
John crossed his legs. His body had a Pavlovian response to Fabian Bouchard’s party trick, even if he didn’t want to. He froze when he Sherlock hand rested hot in the small of his back.
I'm excited about posting this chapter.  Some questions that have arisen are going to be answered here.
“I’m genetically compromised if you’re anything to go by.”
“Please.” John blushed. “Now get your fingers back up my arse or I’ll strangle you.”
“What I’m trying to say,” John said, his face flushed with embarrassment, “is please, please take me to bed and… well, you know.”
“Good,” Nathan replied. “I’m sure Mark’s innocent of anything you might level at him. Deep down, he’s an open book.”
“Don’t we all,” said one of the strangers in the darkness.
“Sore,” Sherlock replied. “Fuzzy.” He took a deep breath. “Your heat!” Sherlock’s eyes opened comically wide and, in the spirit of spreading calm, John put a hand on his chest.
“Good?” Sherlock managed to ask. He looked at John beneath him. His face was free of the lines age and recent events had etched into his skin. That was mostly because his face was taut in an open-mouthed picture of pleasure, his blue eyes deep and dark, his hair a tangle of silver. Sherlock set up something of a rhythm, though his hips stuttered at times, almost always when John’s quick pink tongue licked his lips, or the man smiled up at him, bottom lip between his teeth. It seemed ridiculous that those simple expressions could create such a reaction, but that was simply the way it was.
Sherlock crossed his arms. “I’m done with his meddling.”
“It was nothing,” Sherlock replied. He squinched his eyes shut and prayed.
“Lots of people hurt other people.” Sherlock threw the pillow on the bed and picked up another.
“Ready?”
John nodded. He watched Sherlock pick up the awful thing and leave the room with it. He heard the clunk of the bin in the kitchen. He tamped down the urge to take the thing out of the bin, drive it to Dover and throw the bastard thing into the sea.
“I’m almost done. You may as well just let me finish up.”
“When Rosie’s awake, she’s awake.  I’ve noted that she will wake up and wants to get up immediately.  Unless the flat is entirely quiet, or she has body contact with you or me, she normally stays awake until lunch.  She gets drowsy afterwards and will go to sleep for an hour or two before dinner. Then she’s awake until it’s time for bed.”
“Remover’s in the cabinet.”
“We’ve got the ear-pieces and mics on already.” Sherlock’s voice echoed in the receiver.  Bailey stood and crowded in on Sherlock.
“Don’t look at that one,” John said. He pulled the empty bag from Sherlock’s hands and tried to shove the thing back in.
Thank you also to everyone who left kudo's and comments here to those who commented and reblogged chapter one on Tumblr. If you want to find me there, I am crowson75. I have to be honest, I use Tumblr to mostly see what other people are doing, but I will post a linky to each chapter there too.
“So, my advice, based on that, is for you to decide that you don’t care about the doctor knowing whether or not you’ve used the chair, had a marvellous orgasm or anything else.” Sherlock rubbed John’s arm. “You and I are in this bed, safe and sound. Your daughter is with Molly, safe and sound. What else is there to worry about?”
Murphy pulled his fingers from the stranger’s backside and thrust in his cock.
“Bite me again,” John said. “I want you to.” Sherlock grazed his teeth along the old wound. John’s skin gave a little and left a coppery taste on Sherlock’s tongue. He yelled when his body was overtaken by another wave of pleasure.
“You really are a sucker for a compliment, aren’t you?” John wriggled beneath Sherlock. “I’m not being funny, but I think I could do with you not coming anymore. It feels a bit weird.”
“Either Mr Tyler isn’t who he says he is, or I have a mole.”  Mycroft picked up his tea cup and took a sip.   “I shall endeavour to find out, Sherlock.”
“Bikkit?”
“I think it were inconvenient.”  Simon looked at his shoes.  “But I think he were ‘appy, in a way.  I mean, Jase was the baby of us all, you know?  I think we all liked to look after ‘im and Charles were no exception.  Besides, he needed people on reception after that bloody woman left.”
“On it,” Sherlock said sprinting from the floor. He’d opened the front door to the ambulance crew before Mrs Hudson appeared. “Upstairs,” he instructed.
“We need to pick up Rosie, yes.  Sherlock’s spent the day at Scotland Yard. I know it’s safe, but it’s not really the right place for my daughter to spend time.”
“You weren’t my first, John,” Sherlock muttered.
John didn’t try to hide his scowl.  “Teachers,” he replied.  Sherlock squeezed his hand; he knew how particular John was about his whisky.
“I think the hooker was worse.”
“Sorry.  Good call.”
John turned onto his belly. Sherlock wriggled down the bed and pulled John’s bum cheeks apart.  John’s hole was still stretched and their mixed come and lube trickled free.  When John bore down, a firm ooze of the stuff came out.  Sherlock caught the substance in his hand.  He smelled it and rubbed it between his fingers.  He knew the back passage absorbed liquid and enjoyed, for a moment, the notion that his and John’s DNA had merged at least a little.
Lestrade didn’t speak for a moment.   He sighed.  “For John.  Trust me.”
“Who would stand to lose from Brandon and Jason’s deaths?”  John asked. He wasn’t expecting an answer.
Do other places have Ribena? It’s a blackcurrant juice cordial favoured by children and adults alike. Along with tea, Marmite and crumpets, Ribena is a national institution.
Sherlock took Rosie for her bath while John unpacked.  After that, John gave her some milk and read her a story while Sherlock played some of her favourite songs on the violin. It didn’t take long before she started to fall asleep, so Sherlock took her upstairs.  When he got back downstairs, Sherlock found John in his bed.  Naked.
“Clothes. Off.”  Sherlock said as he worked on his cuffs and shrugged off his jacket.   He’d wrestled himself free of everything but his pants when he looked up to see John squeezing lube into his palm.
“I don’t know what you mean,” John replied. His hand stroked idly through the mess on his stomach.  “I’m incredibly sweet and innocent.”  Come dripped from his index finger as he lifted it to his mouth and licked the tip.
While the police shuffled around, Sherlock took John’s hand and led him upstairs to a storeroom he’d found on his first visit to Langridge’s.  It was a large room filled with spare desks, chairs and mattresses stacked up against the walls with white sheets thrown over them.  Sherlock didn’t bother turning on the light, he just pulled John into the darkness.
“Well then?”
“Fuck, Sherlock.” The machine’s dick thrust in again. “I can’t tell you how much I hate that I want this.” Sherlock slipped a hand beneath his blanket and John scowled. “Don’t you fucking dare touch yourself. The reason I’m being fucked by a sodding chair is that you’re out of action. So, stop wanking. I forbid you to have an orgasm until you’re inside me again.”
Sherlock stroked his erect cock. He nodded again.
“I’m dressed as a transvestite, John,” Sherlock said. “If I was dressed as a woman, my disguise would have been better.”
“Don’t swear!”
Sherlock’s come oozed out of John and into his palm.  He kept his fingers in place until the intimate squeezes stopped, then wiped his hand on one of the dust sheets and used it to swipe at John’s chest and belly.  He helped John up and wrapped them both in their robes.
.   Sherlock remembered having smelt a hint of the scent on John previously.  He’d mistaken it for a woman’s perfume.  He passed back the bottle.
John poked Sherlock in the hip with his hard cock and tried pitifully to reach his arse with his fingers. He gave up with a wordless cry.
For a moment, Sherlock expected John, his John, to walk in.  That transient moment of alarm tipped him over the edge.  With a jolt Sherlock came hard, eyes forced open with panic.  His come splattered across his chest and he forced his fingers into his mouth alongside the pillow case.   His heart thundered as he gasped his way back to normal respiration.
Sherlock glared at the camera mounted opposite.
“No.”
“My soap or yours.”
. Whatever will they think of next?”
“Do Europol pay Tyler’s fees to go and fuck people in the arse in front of other people? He was implicated in the death of Cox. That was the perfect time for you to take me aside and say, hey, buddy, maybe you should take it easy on the fella because he’s some poncey Europol git.  Jesus. I had one of my officer’s swab his cock. If I knew he was Europol I would have told him to do it himself at least.  Do you realise that we witnessed his attempted fucking murder? That would have been nice on my CV, wouldn’t it?  DI of New Scotland Yard watches Europol spook die as he fucks a slack-arsed French prozzie up the shitter.”  He stopped for breath again.  “Sorry John, sorry Sherlock, I don’t mean any disrespect, you understand.”
For now though, this one is a packed episode chaps!  The plot is taking a couple of turns which may or may not be expected.  There is also sex again, but make the most of it, because the next couple of chapters are plotty-plot-plot and a few giggles.  Lestrade is my favourite person in this chapter.  It's a shame I was a bit mean to him.  *grins evilly*
“So much that he would drug Zach Thomas to hurt him?  Then, perhaps, get the dosage wrong and let him die?” Sherlock suggested.
“Oh.”
Most men came quickly.  Older men took a while longer.  All the same, Lestrade was sure that, at home with a loved one, most gents would take more time.   At Langridge’s, the whole act was swift and business-like.
“Sorry, Mycroft,” John said.  His temper was gone.  Sherlock freed Rosie from her buggy and she ran at him, screaming with joy.  “I need to go.”
“I’ve already been asked this,” Langridge replied.  “Yes, we do.  Brandon Cox wasn’t allergic to Latex or any of the common ingredients found in the kind of lubricant we stock here.”
“Oh.” Sherlock’s heart was a machine gun and it rat-a-tat-tatted through his body. Blood rushed to his head, to his heart, and to his groin. “I never forgot.”
“No,” John said. “I want you.”
“I’m afraid I will simply not allow you to leave until I’m satisfied that you’ve both taken on adequate nourishment,” Dr Marshall said. “Mr Holmes’ brother has given me strict orders to make sure that you’re both fit and well before you leave. Even if you are a Doctor.”
Lestrade’s voice crackled quietly in Sherlock’s earpiece.  “Sherlock?  John?  What’s going on?”
“Go on, talk dirty to me some more.” John grinned. Sherlock closed his eyes. When he opened them, John fully failed to hold in his laughter.
The loved LockedinJohnlock is responsible for shepherding my commas and odd wording into some semblance of grammatical effectiveness.  I take the dubious credit for any remaining errors.
“Do you have any idea of how much I’ve thought of penetrating you since you told me you wanted that to happen? It’s tormented me, John. I’ve never done that before. Bertie wouldn’t let me.”
in his hand and a sandwich in the other. Drip or no drip, he was ravenous.
“Can you two move about or something?” came Bailey’s voice.
“That sounds unpleasant,” Sherlock noted with a smirk.
“Shame.”
“Really?” John squeezed lube onto his palm and the tube made a farting noise. “I think I prefer the first version.”
John stopped what he was doing again and that news was borderline traumatic.
John lay Rosie down. She grabbed his ear and clung on. He pulled away from her and crept to the door, then turned out the light and bundled Sherlock downstairs.  They stood in the living room and waited.
“I’m not great at masturbating.”
“What do you want to do to me, Doctor Watson?”
John watched him.  He got to his feet, climbed out of the bath and offered Sherlock a towel. He wasn’t surprised that Sherlock kept his back to him.  He patted Sherlock’s bum and opened the bathroom door. “Fancy a cuppa before bed?”
John stood in front of Sherlock, a sleepy smile on his face.  Sherlock watched him and smiled back.   They were standing in the darkened room, grinning at each other, when the door swung open.
“More.” John’s body undulated, and he raised an arm above his head.
“John, I’d say it was a pleasure to see you, but, well, the circumstances aren’t what we would desire, are they?”   Charles’ voice boomed across his office.
John blushed. He looked at Rosie, who grinned. She had two handfuls of billowy Belstaff coat and she wasn’t letting go.  John knew the feeling.
“Every time I think we’ve got this cracked, there seems to be something else,” Lestrade said. He held his pen like a cigarette.  “And you know as well as I do, that we’re only added muscle for Mycroft with the Europol shit.”
“What are you worried about?” John asked.
John heard the unmistakeable hum and air turbulence of a helicopter landing.  “How’s the dude?” he asked Sharan.
That said, Sherlock was tired. He lay in bed and considered the events of the day. He’d dismissed Simon as a suspect immediately. He had nothing to gain from Jason’s death and his dominant emotion had been grief.  As it was, with his lover and second income gone, he’d probably lose his flat and return to prostitution.  There’d also been a number of witnesses who vouched for Simon being on the ground floor at the time of the incident. His reaction to the death of his lover was entirely consistent with bog-standard grief and shock.  Simon, then, was of little use.  He also wore ghastly shirts.
“Where are you going?” John asked as Sherlock’s lips moved down his body. He swirled his tongue around John’s navel, then dipped inside and since when was that a hotline to John’s cock? “What are you doing?” Sherlock’s head moved lower, and John arched up when Sherlock kissed along the length of John’s cock. “Oh, God, I didn’t think you’d do that.”
“Must be coming on for a year now,” Charles replied. “Some of the senior members are asking us to make locker usage compulsory now. I can see why,” he admitted. “It’s sad to think that we need them.”
Sherlock pressed in a little, then withdrew. He swept soapy fingers all over John’s backside and rinsed.   Sherlock inserted a wet, soap-free finger into John.   After a few thrusts, punctuated by John’s gasps, he lifted John’s bum and lowered his head.  Sherlock pushed his tongue into the opening. The reaction was instantaneous.
“Suggestions are welcome, dear,” Sherlock replied.  John chuckled.
John rocked on his heels. His dick throbbed behind the seam of his jeans, and the temptation to crawl on top of Sherlock and ride to release was almost overwhelming. But John was also a doctor and someone who loved Sherlock. He couldn’t ignore Dr Marshall’s instructions because he knew they were prudent. John pulled at his belt; the chair was his best option.
“There’s a night-vision setting.  It doesn’t come on until they start to record up there,” Charles replied. “Of course, everyone looks absolutely frightful in the footage, but it’s the only option. And it is the only part of the club that has cameras.”
Simon looked at his hands and blinked rapidly.  Tears slipped down his face, leaving fresh marks in the chalky stains previous tears had made.  He hiccoughed but his voice was stronger than John expected.
Sherlock nudged his head towards his bedside table.
“I never wanted to get married.”  Sherlock squeezed his lips together.
“Yes.”
“That hurt,” Sherlock said, wounded. John tried to school his features into an expression of concern. Sherlock crossed his arms and tried to look furious, an expression undermined by Sherlock’s state of undress, stonking erection, and beautifully kiss-bruised lips.
“You can’t bring down the Marquês. No one can.”
Love and thanks to LockedinJohnlock for proofing.  Any remaining errors are mine.
“Oh, you clever man,” John said. “I need more.”
“I think I figured that out,” John finished. His knees trembled with need, even though he didn’t want to use the bloody chair. He turned it on.
“Fine, turn over.”
“Well, he could visit my sister, let’s put it that way.”  Sherlock’s hands were clenched into fists on the kitchen counter.
“Addeee, addeeee,” Rosie kicked her legs and shoved more fruit into her mouth. John kissed her on the forehead and dodged her pudgy, porridge-covered fingers so she didn’t mark his pyjamas. Again.
Sherlock nodded at Shirley to continue.
“Any idea when the cavalry’s arriving then?” Sharan asked.
John looked concerned. “Look if you don’t…”
.  He’d mastered the art of being balding but still having wispy shoulder-length hair.  He stroked his beard and nodded when Sherlock entered the room.
Sherlock reached behind John with lube-slick fingers.  Since he and John had deviated from their prepared routine, Sherlock had no idea how to pretend to finger John’s arse.  So, Sherlock just slipped a finger up John’s bum and hoped for the best.
“Fine. I will find an agent to look after the child. Mycroft.”
“Faster,” John whispered with a desperation that made Sherlock respond. “Faster.” He reclined and Sherlock saw John’s pale form spread before him in the dim light.  He clutched John’s hips and drove in and out.
“Tosser.”
“The famous Mr Holmes,” Charles said. He shook Sherlock’s hand. John knew Charles’ hand felt like a wet fish.  “I’m delighted that you’ve condescended to take the case.”
“Why would I mind?” John stroked a warm hand up Sherlock’s thigh, around his crotch and over his belly. “I’ve never fucked an Alpha. Never thought I would. Doesn’t mean I didn’t think about it though. Fantasise. It’s… good.” John licked his lips and then Sherlock absolutely knew that it was more than good. Whole screeds of text were contained in all the words John hadn’t said. Oh, and the word fantasise had been extremely telling.
John’s face contorted, his hips started to lift and push towards Sherlock. He cried out with each thrust until, after half a dozen or so more strokes, John came.
“Vibrator, now,” John demanded, his eyes open.  Sherlock paused as he scrambled for the toy.  He leant back on his heels and John’s legs slipped down to the bed.  “Let me turn,” John said, and he rolled onto his front.  He got up on his knees, his elbows on the mattress and he presented his arse.  After he’d re-lubed the vibrator and his dick, Sherlock re-entered John.
“In what way? Do you need to sit down? Are you dizzy?”
The plan was good. Workable. John hated it. Just the thought of being back at Langridge’s made him feel uncomfortable. In his mind, Sherlock was somewhat innocent in the ways of sex. For John to get steamy with Sherlock in a brothel seemed wrong, like he was going to take a nun to a strip club. John really shouldn’t think about Sherlock like a nun, he realised, especially since his enthusiasm for sex reduced John’s control to ashes.
When Mycroft walked in, Sherlock’s face dropped.
Before Sherlock could think in more detail, he heard the tell-tale sounds of a hospital bed being wheeled into the adjoining room.   He stood in the doorway, unwilling to interfere with the medical staff who moved John’s bed into place and positioned his drip and heart monitor.  John was semi-conscious.  He tilted his head towards Sherlock, gave him a confused look and smiled.
“I won’t last long.”  Sherlock’s arousal curled inside him into constricting cords that started to pull tighter and tighter.  He focused on control.  “I want you to come all over me.”
“Why do you mention him?” Piero asked.
“But we’ve never had sex before.” John turned in his seat to face Sherlock. “I’ve had girlfriends I liked as people, but we weren’t that great in bed. For some reason, our chemistry was more about our personalities and not about our sexual needs.”
“Sure?”  Sherlock turned his head, so they were eye to eye.  He kissed the tip of John’s nose.
“It’s what we do,” Lestrade said afterwards.  “We need to see the blackout room.  John knows where it is. Do you mind if we go up?”
Sherlock sighed.  John Watson was his Vitruvian man; his proportions in mind and body were Sherlock’s ideal.  If John needed a prostitute, then he was willing to accept it, no matter how strange it made him feel. Sherlock told himself he was merely concerned about the riskiness of John’s behaviour. That was all. Though, it was better for Rosie if John dealt with his sexual urges without parading various women in and out of her life.  Sherlock wondered what sort of sexual acts John would ask for tonight.  He put the empty scone tin on the table and patted the arm of the sofa with his hand.
“It is,” Sherlock said.  “That’s all that matters.  If you tell me what you want, I will try to do it. Always.”
when you were young?”
“Can I have a glass of apple juice please?” Sherlock asked the barman.  “Col?”  he winked at John.  Of all the names, John did not feel like a Colin.
, John thought. To his surprise, Sherlock just laughed.
“You think he will try to kill me?” Fabian picked up Sherlock’s hand and licked the fingertips.
When Mark Tyler saw Fabian reclined on the edge of the bed pit, his hand slipped immediately beneath his robe.   He stood before Fabian, who drew himself up to his knees and nudged Tyler’s pelvis with his nose.
Lestrade laughed.  “I don’t know whether to be more impressed with the fake cock or the lovely flesh coloured posing pouch you’re wearing.”  He laughed again.
“Come on me,” Sherlock whispered between kisses. “I want to smell of you. Please, John.”
“Fuck.” By the time Sherlock looked up, John had closed his eyes again. “Fuck,” John said again. Sherlock fucked himself with a single finger.
Oh, and all resemblance there may be to the actual British Prime Minister and my fictional Prime Minister are entirely coincidental.
“Airway’s virtually closed,” Sherlock noted.
“I need to come,” Sherlock told John in a roughed-up cockney accent.  “Please, darlin’.”
want my body and my mind and whatever else you fancy.
John nodded and disappeared to the bathroom to brush his teeth and hair and then put on a squirt of aftershave.  He grabbed his mobile and then went back out into the living room.   John watched Sherlock do Rosie’s nappy. She giggled and kicked as he puffed out his cheeks and tried to wrestle her into a fresh nappy.  He realised that if anyone told him a year ago that Sherlock would be his lover and that he’d willingly change Rosie, John would have called them a liar.  Now everything he’d ever wanted was in front of him and they were pulling faces at each other.  Time was a strange thing.
“You don’t have to defer to me like I’m weaker, y’know.” John closed his eyes and sighed. “But I’m taking advantage and definitely having the first bath, right?” He surreptitiously picked up the jar of salt from the kitchen and took it with him.
Whenever Sherlock attempted to think about Charles, the man’s barbs about John got in the way.  John took over Sherlock’s thoughts.  He was unsure when he’d started to entertain the notion that romantic relationships were a good idea.  Mary’s death and the discovery of Eurus had thawed something in Sherlock. He’d glimpsed a world beyond work.
“Good.” Sherlock had lubed his sheathed cock and stroked it to full thickness. “Hurry, John.” Sherlock closed his eyes when Ian had slowly impaled himself on his cock. When he opened his eyes again, Ian wore a look of relief.
“Never say that sentence to me ever again,” John said. “If you do, there won’t be any more sexual intercourse. But, maybe, we could compromise?”
Sherlock grasped John’s leg for leverage and thrust in and out, his rhythm immediately unforgiving. He had no idea how he was still aroused, but John keened and moaned and that urged him on and on and on.
“Keep the water-based for sex toys and go silicone lube for sex, especially in the shower. I just think you can’t beat silicone lube for anal. I just prefer it.”
“Hello, brother dear,” Mycroft said.  “I just wanted to see what sort of progress you’re making.”
“That this is what it’s supposed to feel like.” John shook his head.
Sherlock dipped his head and took almost all of John’s prick into his mouth before he pulled back with a long, slurping, suck. He bobbed his head down and moved in time with the motions of the chair. John’s mind went from, ‘What-sort-of-Alpha-sucks-an-Omega’s-cock?-Twice!’, to, ‘Thank-fucking-God-that-Sherlock’s-that-sort-of-Alpha’, and on to, ‘If-anyone-thinks-they’re-getting-near-Sherlock-Holmes,-I-will-fucking-shoot-them-because-he’s-mine’.
“Dark hair but going bald, he was quite thin and he was in a suit. He kept demanding to see Charles and kept asking people if they knew who he was.  Simon came and calmed him down and he went off with someone else.”
Sherlock paused. What John had said made all sorts of sense. It made him sad that perhaps John once had done things that made him unhappy for the people he loved. Sherlock was determined not to do that to John, especially now they were bonded. Things had to change. They already had. Sherlock didn’t want John not to enjoy what they did. This relationship stuff was going to be a negotiation; a democracy, not a dictatorship.
“Hear what?” Sherlock asked.  “What did Peter Matthews say to Mark?”
“No, we bloody well can’t,” John replied. “At most, we can clean up and put a towel over the wet bit. Or we can go upstairs to my bed.”
It took a few moments for Lestrade to finish writing his notes.  When he was done, he flexed his hand.  Hell, John knew that feeling.
“Hold it,” Lestrade barked and barged Sherlock aside to slap handcuffs on Murphy.   Before the tell-tale click of the cuffs, there was a sharp cry. “Sherlock!” Lestrade yelled.  Sherlock turned. Murphy was free and headed towards him, face contorted in a snarl. Sherlock had no time to block the fist that hit him, but bent his body in a way that took the force from the punch.   However, the motion twisted Sherlock’s body so that he faced the stairs that lead down towards him.
“How can I help the intrepid duo today?” He clasped his hands and put them on the desk in front of him.  “Or, I should say, refuse to help?”
The bloke in Dagenham is the complete and utter creep that is Stephen Port.  He’s been convicted of killing four gay men but that could be a conservative estimate. The problem was that the police were far too willing to believe that the men he killed had died from drug-related misadventure.  More information, if you’re interested, here: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-38045742
“Really?”
“You know you’re a bit funny about your bum?”
“Bullshit,” John said.  Lestrade stood next to Mycroft and he at least really did look surprised.  “You know I’ve been coming here for weeks.  I know you, remember?”
“If we pick that, though, then we have to lie about me seeing prostitutes before and what we discussed with Piero,” John countered.  “We need to tell as few lies as possible if we’re going to maintain cover. You taught me that; stick as close to the truth as you can.”
John choked on his tea. The ‘bloody woman’ was Marianne, the previous receptionist.  She’d acted as though the brothel were the Ritz and she was the manager. Not even clients had liked her, despite her simpering at them.  The whole atmosphere changed when Simon and Jason took over reception. They may not have had Marianne’s class, but they put people at ease and that was essential when you were facilitating criminal activities.
“Good idea,” Sherlock agreed.
Sherlock reached between John’s legs and circled his hole with his finger before he slipped it inside.   John whimpered a little.  His arse was still loose and sticky from earlier.  Sherlock pushed a second finger inside easily and crooked them to find John’s prostate.  He was rewarded by a high-pitched wail before John’s knees buckled.   Sherlock reached around John and pushed him back. He’d seen what he thought was a chest of drawers from the hallway light when they walked in.  Skimming his fingers over it, Sherlock ascertained the chest stood at waist height and he guided John back and helped him to lie on top.
“I know for damn sure that I can’t.  Piero is late for our appointment.”
brown eyes.
Simon wailed in great, gasping sobs.  “Ee’s dead, ee’s dead,” he repeated over and over.
Mary’s death had also devastated John.  He loved his wife then and now. Yes, she’d lied. Yes, she’d shot Sherlock.  Yes, she’d thrown herself in front of a bullet with no thought for her daughter or husband.  Those were things he might have hated her for.  But, the hatred never came. How could he hate the woman who’d saved him from himself?   He’d been half dead when he met her, just as he’d been when he met Sherlock.  Both saved John from the most dangerous opponent a Watson ever faced: themselves.  No matter how many bottles Harry Watson had looked at the bottom of, she never killed her demons.  Her brother was an army man. He knew the importance of having allies.  Did it matter if John’s allies were morally deviant, to say the least?  Sherlock and Mary had brought him back from the edge and, for that, they would always have his loyalty and his heart. So yes, John grieved for his wife.  He also grieved for the loss of his daughter’s mother.
“I think we would probably figure that out ourselves,” John said.  “I’ve given an enema before.” He smiled in a way that Sherlock recognised as slightly dangerous. John was, he realised, feeling a little patronised by this session.  It made Sherlock feel better that this wasn’t entirely easy for John either.  “We know all about it, right?”
“I see,” Sherlock replied. “Would you prefer to go back to how we were?”
“I used to work in a sex show,” Nathan said.  “I’ve also worked in Avant-garde erotic theatre. I know how to make it look like it’s real, baby.  And, you know, I’m sure you’re great at ‘shamming’ in normal situations.  Sex is different though. It’s not words and acting. It’s obvious when someone’s moaning and groaning badly. John did the right thing in calling me.”
“I know you. I know what to do when we’re working. I don’t always know what to do as your friend. I know what to do when we’re having sex. I don’t know what to do when you want to talk about it.”
“I don’t care who sees or doesn’t see. Just you, John.”  Sherlock wrapped a leg around John’s body.  This was better, so much better, than Sherlock had imagined. “Want you all the time. Every day.  Just the knowledge that you wanted me made me desperate for you.”
John relented and grasped Sherlock’s balls to roll and tug at them gently.   He kissed along the top edge of his pubic hair.  The skin was salty with perspiration, warm and musky. Sherlock, who lifted his hips with every touch, poked John in the eye with his penis.
“All of it. Whatever you want.” John’s response was automatic and surprised even him. He’d always rejected all that stupid Alpha bullshit, but he knew he’d take it all from Sherlock and love every moment.
Sherlock watched the police officer put the lubricant into an evidence bag.  “Can I ask you, then, Mr Tyler, where you procured the condom and the lubricant that you used?”
John read the note aloud.  “Zero three, Zero eight, Zero seventeen, ten forty-five PM, blackout.”
After two hours of John not sleeping, Sherlock kissed his neck.
“There’s no good way of saying this, Sherlock,” John said, his lips tight and his eyes flashing anger. “So, I’m just going to say it. If I, say, refuse to put-out one evening, are you going to fuck off and shove a few grams of Bolivian marching powder up your nose, or in your arm,
John pulled the sheet draped over the chair until the thing was revealed.  In the seat was a hole and beneath that was black, shiny dildo. On the front of the chair was a control unit and, hung over the top, a long hose with a flesh-light at the end. John blushed, and, to his dismay, slick began to ooze from between his arse cheeks. He looked at his watch. They’d last had sex just over an hour ago. John had never experienced a heat where he’d felt so desperate, so aroused. He felt like a prisoner to the needs of his body and yet, he didn’t really care. All he wanted was sex. Sex with Sherlock. Sherlock, who he’d already fucked into hospital.
The left-hand door led into another corridor. Inside, along the left wall, were three doors. At the far end of the corridor was a fire exit that led out onto landing and a set of concrete steps.  Lestrade went down the steps and then reappeared a few moments later, out of breath.
John made a plateful of toast, put it in the centre of the table and plonked the jar of strawberry jam down heavily. It was John’s usual way of informing Sherlock that he should eat some bloody breakfast.
“Wooo!” screamed Reality.
“And the Marquês?” Sherlock asked.  “Do you have enough information to put him away?”
John led Sherlock slowly up the stairs, up the first floor and into the room Lestrade had kept aside for him to change in.   Sherlock handed him a carrier bag that contained jeans and his stripy jumper.  Sally emerged with several evidence bags and passed them to Sherlock.  John waited for her to leave before he unzipped his jeans.
“Mary was your sister?”  John asked.  His heart was beating out of his chest.  He’d been so sure that Tyler was a lover or a husband or an assassin or something awful.
“You are my love,” John said. He tilted his head back and clumsily kissed the bridge of Sherlock’s nose. “And I do love you.”
“No need. I still get your blood test results,” John replied. After Mary, Euros and Sherlock’s fall off the wagon, rebuilding trust was, well, a process. “You’re clean and so am I. I had a blood test before we spoke about sharing my heat. Results are…”
“More lively than Langridge’s isn’t it?” Sherlock said in the chippy tone he’d adopted.  John nodded.
“If there’s going to be slapping, perhaps we should have a safe-word.” Sherlock was so close his words ghosted across John’s lips. He swallowed and looked at Sherlock’s mouth. He was going to kiss Sherlock fucking Holmes. His lips opened…
“Understood.” John nodded.
Sherlock put a little more power behind his next thrust in, and John pushed back with equal enthusiasm. They both cried out. Sherlock’s knot had breached the ring of muscle that held it back. He and John were now locked in place and, as a result, Sherlock’s thrusts were shallower but intense in a way that made him feel almost light-headed.
Sherlock blushed and dropped his head.  “Rosie found it,” he mumbled.   He stepped back, but John followed him.
“Thank you for your cooperation, Sherlock. I did worry that you might feel territorial in light of Mr Bouchard’s relationship with John.”
Sherlock was hungry, so breakfast earned a place in his immediate plans. More importantly, he was also desperate for a wee. He hobbled on stiff legs to a door to his left and was met by a wall of steam.
“Don’t start that shit,” John said. “I love you, but we’ll move up here when it’s right for us.”
“More,” Sherlock demanded. John fucked himself on Sherlock’s dick with shallow, rolling thrusts, and, as he did, he slipped a second finger inside of Sherlock. The stretch wasn’t entirely pleasant. “More lube.” John’s fingers left Sherlock’s arse to gather more slick from where their bodies met. Another stretch but one smoother and less uncomfortable. John rolled his hips and coordinated his movements, so he thrust his fingers in when Sherlock’s cock sank into John’s body.
“Just a little champagne,” he replied.  “A little fizz to give me courage, non?”
The cab journey home was quiet.  John hadn’t spoken much all evening, even with Rosie. As a result, her mood had turned fractious and it was later than normal when she finally slept.  John went up to her the final time before she settled. That gave Sherlock time to run them a bath. He dropped lit tea-lights inside his scientific beakers and put them around the room. When John’s foot hit the bottom step of the stairs, Sherlock led him into the bathroom.
“And yours is Fabian Bouchard, is it not? You told us, that day at Doubles, that you loved Fabby. You really do, don’t you?”  The bricks slotted into place inside Sherlock’s brain. He knew who killed Zach Thomas. Now all he needed to do was to convince Piero to admit it.
“I expect it would be the same for any man who takes responsibility for a crime he did not commit.”  Sherlock watched Piero’s response carefully. He looked resigned, almost frustrated, but not guilty. Piero was a man who had been trapped, not caught.  “But let us come to that later.  Tell me what you know about Stephen Daniels.”
“I do believe, brother dear, that Monsieur Bouchard will come with me.”
As John’s pain reduced, his interest in resuming their sexual relationship increased.  Sherlock had resisted.  He was concerned by John’s woozy, drugged response to Sherlock following his operation.  He wondered if he demanded sex too often?  He worried that John might accede to sex even though he didn’t feel well enough.  In fact, Sherlock pondered this issue one afternoon when John walked into the sitting room in a suit.  It was about six in the evening and Rosie was downstairs with Mrs Hudson.
John looked up.  “Really?”  It turned out precome stung a bit. Sherlock chuckled but stopped when John fondled his cock to keep it out of his eye.  Then, he dropped one hand between Sherlock’s legs and massaged his perineum.   “Move your bum forward a bit, love.”
He barely noticed being tugged forward, onto his knees,
Sherlock nodded.  “John?  Would you like to stay here, or...?” He shrugged.
For John, the pleasure looped and ebbed, grew and grew and then plateaued, all because of the maddening, haphazard nature of each thrust. Sherlock’s cock rubbed against his, then bumped his perineum or his arse, then rubbed against his hip or balls. While it all felt good, the pressure wasn’t always against his erection.   Sherlock seemed unhurried.  After a while though, his arms began to shake a little as he held himself over John.  Beads of sweat gathered across his forehead and he moaned with each stroke.
John sighed. She was right.  It didn’t feel that way though.  “I know. But, on the other hand, everyone now knows I saw a prostitute. Everyone knows about me and Sherlock, or will know, and privacy would have been nice. And now, we’re also going to have the joy of our sex life being open for public sodding consumption. Plus, this is all about drugs.   Perhaps that wouldn’t worry me so much if I’d not thrown a wobbler, only to have my life and that of my child threatened by a junkie. Oh, and let’s not forget that my boyfriend’s a recovering addict and that all of this drug talk might be a bit of a shit plan.” John took a deep breath. He hadn’t been aware that he hadn’t taken a breath during his rant.
“Use a lot of lube,” John said. “Go slow. Do that, and it’ll be fine.”
“After my heat?” John’s eyebrows so high they’d almost disappeared into his hairline. “In what respect?”
“He’d have fucking loved it.  Why didn’t I do that?”
Sherlock nodded. He blushed.
“Of course,” Sherlock replied. John didn’t mention the emotion he heard in Sherlock’s tone.
Sherlock had reached beneath the bed and pulled out one of John’s stolen shirts. He’d buried his head in the brushed cotton and inhaled in the scent of the man he had long loved.
The pole dancer stamped hard on the stage.  “If you think you can do better, you just come and do it. I’ve had enough working for you ungrateful bastards. I’m going to Langridge’s, you know.”
“If I can, that would be great.” Despite his smile, Ian had looked sad.
Sherlock knew he had to come up with an answer. If he kept nodding, John would get worried and that was all shades and sizes of wrong.  He had the most unwelcome feeling that if he opened his mouth though, the only sound that would come out would be an ungainly squawk.  He took a deep breath and hummed to check his pitch.
“Well, you know…”
“I’ve no idea, Mr Holmes,” Shirley said. Her eyes and nostrils flared.   “We hire rooms to our male entertainers.   Because they don’t have billing capabilities, we take their funds combined with ours.”  Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “We take 25% as a starting rate. After the entertainers have been here a wee while, we negotiate that figure according to the size of the room they hire.”
“Are you done?”  John’s voice sounded warm with amusement.  Sherlock picked up John’s abandoned towel and wiped his hand and John’s backside.
“John, I need to discuss something with you before we meet Lestrade,” Sherlock said.  John nodded. His anxiety about what Sherlock called the ‘blackout sting’ returned full force.
Sherlock thought for a moment and then nodded. What was there to say? Apart from that, anyway? “Want to show me what Roger’s taught you?”
“Do I have to wear the knickers?”
“Sure.”
“That’s a conversation for another time,” John interrupted. He moved his hand, another little stretch, thicker and deeper.
John took a hanky from his pocket and used it to lift Matthews’ head.   “Blood vessels in his eyes have burst.”  John used the hanky to feel at the neck of the corpse.  “Hyoid’s broken.” He lifted one of Matthews’ hands.  “And abrasions on the fingertips.  He tried to pull the garrotte away from his neck. From the looks of the marks, I’d guess the garrotte was a cord or a thin rope rather than wire. The abrasions are rope burn rather than wire cuts.”
“So that leaves us three men we can’t account for so far,” Sherlock added.   “Someone working here is involved in the murders, so we need to watch them too.  I assume you can vouch for your officers, Lestrade?”
Sherlock smiled.  “Indeed.”  He stepped behind John and pulled him back against his chest.  They looked in the mirror at each other. Sherlock leaned forward and sucked the lobe of John’s right ear into his mouth.   His blue eyes were just visible through those black curls.
Yes, I have inserted Bill Bailey into this fic. I am unrepentant. This is Mr Bailey: https://youtu.be/wWr2w5C_b7Q . Do look up more of his comedy and do watch 'Black Books' for added Dylan Moran joy.
“I want you to come, John.” Sherlock scrambled to his knees and crawled closer to John. He didn’t know what made him do it, but he rested his cock on John’s lower lip.
Rosie pushed the item into John’s face. It almost went up his nose. When he retrieved it, he discovered it was a tiny piece of brown pottery.  “Um, that’s nice,” he said. He looked at Rosie and smiled.
“What would you suggest, doctor?” Sherlock’s voice was deep and hesitant.
“Remarkable.”  Bailey looked closely at Sherlock’s ears and jaw.  “It’ll be another ten years before the Met get anything like this.  Beautiful craftsmanship.  Would you two like to head to the shagging suite and we’ll see what we can hear?”  He handed John a small transmitter/receiver unit which needed to be hidden in the corner of the room.
Sherlock took the paperwork from his brother. “Tomorrow,” he said. “All of it will be sorted tomorrow.”
“My Lestrade?” John shook his head and wandered over to the toaster.  He sighed.
Tyler wore a dressing gown. Behind him and Charles, other people started to enter the VIP lounge.  It’d been agreed that several undercover officers and Langridge’s employees would come straight to the film room along with the club’s VIP’s.
“Yes, it does, but I don’t want to be an experiment, Sherlock, I want you to do this because you care for me.”
“Much as I like Donovan’s elegant solution that none of us knows what’s about to happen, I think we may need more resources than Lestrade would put into a wild goose chase.”   Sherlock pressed his palms together and rubbed his chin with his combined hands.  He touched his lips with his index fingers. It was almost as if he knew how sexy John found it. “Think for a second; we’re going to want night-vision cameras, observers, people placed at the exits, people in the room.  We need resources.  What would bring us those resources?  The potential for another murder?”
“Bring it over,” Sherlock said. He’d tried to see the thing, but it was too far behind him.  It was surprisingly heavy, but John managed to drag it to Sherlock’s bedside. “Oh.” Sherlock’s lips twitched. “Oh.”
“Best go to the bedroom though, eh?” John climbed out of the bath. “I think we’re going to be very sleepy afterwards.” John wrapped a towel around himself and held out one for Sherlock. When Sherlock wobbled, John held out another hand and helped him climb out of the bath. Sherlock blushed. John pinched his arse. “Come on then, you long drink of brainy stuff.”
“Good?” Sherlock asked.  He slipped his arms between John’s back and the bed and gripped his shoulders.   John’s eyes were closed and his hips were tilted up against Sherlock’s body.   He lifted his hips beyond John’s reach until he opened his eyes.   “Hi,” Sherlock said with a grin.
Sherlock rutted against him, faster and harder until John’s cries became a muffled howl of pleasure and he came and came. Sherlock moved against him a few more times and John fought his eyes open.  Sherlock’s back arched, every sinew tightened, and he came hot against their bellies.  As Sherlock crumpled, John rolled them so they could lie comfortably to get their breaths back.
“We get marriz?”  John asked between gentle snores.  “Ding dong bell shine.”
“Professionally done, too.” Sherlock scanned the office.  “I think whoever killed Matthews brought their own garrotte with them and left with it. There’s nothing here that looks like it was used.”
.  “Jason was a lovely bloke, you know. And, Sherlock?”  John turned. He managed to meet Sherlock’s eyes.  “I’m sorry about all of this.  I won’t be going there again. I decided last night. Your brother shouldn’t have to clean up after me and my fucking mid-life sexuality crisis or whatever.  From now on, I’m going to focus on Rosie.”  He took a deep breath; he was putting aside his hopes of actually being with Sherlock too.  He looked at him. Sherlock didn’t move.  His face was blank, but John knew that didn’t mean that massive brain wasn’t whirring madly.  Finally, silently, Sherlock nodded. He lifted his newspaper.
“What happened?” Sherlock watched as John pogoed back onto the bed and examined his foot.
When Sherlock stood and walked towards the bathroom, he was momentarily halted by the sensation of John’s release leaking from him. He turned and noticed John looking. John winked and Sherlock blushed.
“I want you,” Sherlock moaned against John’s neck.  “I want to be inside you.”
Sherlock sighed. It was true. He didn’t want John to like the knickers. Sherlock hated the knickers. It was as if his fear, that John fantasised about women when they had sex, had come true. And yet, his dick was being a traitor.
“I wouldn’t like to say?”
“Far less often,” Candlar admitted. “I like that they have a private entrance for VIP’s.   My favourite there has moved to Langridge’s though. I don’t know that I’ll go back to Doubles again.”
“Of course.” Sherlock’s voice was so controlled it was almost robotic and John knew, he
Sherlock rubbed his knees; they were dinted and sore from the hard floor. The bedroom was definitely an excellent idea.
“Oh, aren’t you two just the picture of happiness?”  The receptionist swiped the membership card and handed it back to Sherlock. “When I get old, I hope me and my husband are as happy as you two.”
“He hardly has a monopoly on heartbreak, brother dear.  Someone running away after taking your virginity is hardly a recommendation of your prowess.”
“Sure,” John said. “Are going to tell me why you’re dressed as a woman? A somewhat beaten up woman?”
“Are you a famous actor or a politician or something?”  John couldn’t place the girl’s accent. He didn’t think she was from Surrey.
John willed the ambulance crew to hurry.  He was holding that thought when he vomited again.   He was still being sick when the crew bustled into the room.
“Any interests overseas?” Sherlock asked.
“Look, the Omega chair’s been used, this room smells of sex and I’m in bed with my boyfriend who has a raging hard-on.” John rubbed his forehead. “It’s going to be very clear to Dr Marshall that I, well, that I, you know, couldn’t, well,
“Think about it, John,” Sherlock urged.
Until that moment, the experience of being in the blackout room had been rather dull.  Sherlock wished he could take that boredom back.  John was only his second real lover.  Sherlock had researched, prepared and was confident with the deductions he made about what John would like. As a result, Sherlock hadn’t experienced anything remotely like performance anxiety. Surrounded by rutting, animalistic men, Sherlock’s confidence, even faked, crumbled.
“It’ll be good to have this conversation with him later." John smirked.
It was clear, as far as John was concerned, that Mycroft took a deep breath of relief when he saw that he and Sherlock were unharmed.  It was either that, or he was relieved John and Sherlock had just shagged.  John assumed the former was more likely.
Sherlock was making his violin squeal with anguish when John returned from the supermarket with Rosie.  They’d woken relatively early and John had nipped to the shops so that they could be back to see Mark Tyler before they prepared for the drugs sting that night.
“But they’re lovely people,” Nathan replied.  “I can’t believe they even know anyone who’d hurt them.”
“Why don’t you ask Dr Watson, Mr Holmes.  He knows perfectly well what we charge.”
“And you moaned and said you were sore and didn’t want to. In your rules, you said that you wouldn’t be manhandled. So, I didn’t.”
“You’re not as much fun, Jean, when Sherlock is with you,” Fabian continued. “I’ll suck him off first if you want to watch.”  Sherlock crossed his legs.  He looked crestfallen.
“Looks that way. The bloke who was doing him is giving his statement in the kitchen out there.” Donovan pointed to a side door.  “I’ll tell the officers to let you know when they’re finished so you can speak to him, shall I?”
“How can a woman be a beard?” Sherlock snapped.  “Is she suffering from a medical condition that makes her extremely hirsute?”
Sherlock was naked beneath his robe, a bottle of lube in his pocket and a strange feeling in his heart. He knew, stood in his bedroom, his legs were more unstable than he wanted to admit. Sherlock also knew that, until this evening, he’d been blind to what John meant to him. The unassuming, broken soldier, John, made the disparate pieces of Sherlock’s world suddenly click together into a puzzle ball that still confused him but now, somehow, functioned. He wanted to show John what it all meant but, bewildered as he was by human emotion, only one way of doing so registered.
John closed his laptop when he heard the familiar noise of bare feet slapping against the kitchen floor.
John was in bed when Sherlock returned.  The room was dark, but John's eyes were acclimatised to the dim light. He stroked the small of Sherlock's back when he sat on the bed and took off his shoes and socks.
“Good, as I expected.  In that case, Rosie, the fry-up is on!” Rosie squealed with delight.  She probably didn’t understand the concept of a fry-up, but she responded to his joy.  “You sit here, John.” Sherlock led him to a seat.  “I’ll bring breakfast over in a moment.”
Something changed in Sherlock’s attitude, whether it was discomfort or sheer arousal, but he pulled John’s chest to his and rested his elbows on the bed beneath John.  He thrust then with his hips only, meaning that each one was more directed and their groins were closer together.  John’s arousal grew.  He heard his own cries increase in volume with each thrust.
Before Daniels could speak, the train lurched.  His phone flew from one hand, his gun from the other and he tumbled forward and then back.  The movement of the train threw him down the train carriage and his body tumbled away from Watson and the child.  He hit his head with a clunk and purple spiders swam through his vision.
“Have I killed your power of speech?” John asked.  Sherlock nodded.  John raised his hand and suddenly there was more wine and John smiled and smiled.  He took Sherlock’s hand, slid the ring onto his finger, turned the hand over and kissed his palm.   “Are you okay?”
John’s eyes fluttered as Sherlock drove in again and again. His legs flailed against Sherlock’s body with each precise thrust and he couldn’t bring himself to care. He did, however, weasel his hand between their increasingly sweaty bodies to wrap his fingers around his own throbbing prick. After just a few strokes, the precipitous tingle of John’s building release made him arch his body up towards Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded.  “We start in the morning.  You need sleep and I need to speak to Lestrade. Go home, John, put your daughter to bed and help me tomorrow.  We’ll solve this.”
With time, the wrathful ghost had turned back into John Watson. And,
“I really do love you with all my heart, do you know that?” John said.  Sherlock took the final bite of tomato.  Mouth full of red flesh, he nodded and blushed a little.   He turned and walked back to his chair but made it only halfway before he looked back at John. He smiled and blushed again.  John grinned back.  Warmth exploded in his chest. Just a little.
“I’m aware of human biology.” Sherlock blushed.  His cognitive function had suddenly become trapped behind a mental image of his come dribbling from John’s backside.  “Can we change the sheets?”
“Me too?” Sherlock asked.  He took a step back but kept one arm wrapped around John’s waist.
Mycroft closed his eyes.  “Alright, I admit that I know that man,” he said.  “I didn’t send him to spy on you.  Ask him yourself.”
“It occurred to me that I didn’t want to just have sex with someone who I felt nothing for.  I didn’t want Rosie to see me have a hundred girlfriends because I was too scared to think about being with a man. Because that was the issue, Sherlock. I realised, when Mary died, and I blamed you, that I didn’t just love you as a friend but that I wanted to be with you romantically.  I was terrified.  But, when I cried that night and I told you about my affair, it just seemed right. Your arms around me felt right. Since then, well, you’ve cared for me and my daughter. She has us both and I hope she always does.”
The train situation is resolved and there is a reunion and an interesting journey on Mycroft's chopper.
Before the fall, John had taken heat suppressants and so Sherlock was spared the indignity of resisting John at his most tempting. When Sherlock had returned to London afterwards, John was with Mary, and, soon after, the heat suppressants were gone. Whatever self-control, whatever strength Sherlock had thought he had, was tested. After one particularly close shave, when a case had finished only just before John’s heat began, Sherlock’s rut had been triggered, and he’d nearly rubbed himself raw with several newly acquired items of John’s wardrobe. Eventually, Sherlock had cracked before his penile skin did. He found a surprisingly nice man on Grindr, who’d wrapped Sherlock’s cock in industrial-strength condoms and ridden him like a man possessed.
Sherlock and John interview Langridge's hooker, Jamie Reid.  They then have a minor attack on Baker Street, but their assailant provides them new information. From there, the investigation takes them back to Doubles and finally to a Safety Deposit facility.  Oh, and a drop more murder...
Sherlock walked in with Rosie.  “It’s a question I frequently have when I talk to my brother,” he said.  “Why are you saying it?”
“Symptoms were consistent with the drug and the dose.”
“I’m not.” Sherlock squeezed John’s hand, which was still draped over his knee. “Not usually. I mean, I’ve been propositioned for sex before. Just not by you.”
Sherlock nodded hesitantly. “Okay.” He finished weeing and washed his hands. “Breakfast has arrived. It’s in the hall.”
“What?”
Tyler smirked.  “Europol have arrested him before. He always gets away with it. The issue we’ve got is to find the first port o’ call. We know Daniels didn’t take control of the drugs immediately; they come through a third party. If we can find that person, we might have a chance. The link then is complete from the Marquês in Portugal to Daniels in London.”
Slowly, Sherlock developed a rather lazy knot, which slipped inside John with little by way of resistance. He leant back his torso, so his hips were further forward, and made love to John with deep rather than fast movements. When Sherlock came, he did so with his lips pressed against John’s skin.
“Come on,” John urged.
“Look, Sherlock, I don’t know offhand,” Lestrade said.  “I can give you the lists of who was here for both nights. Langridge can give you a list of clients. If you want to wait for us to figure it out, don’t count on getting a quick answer.  We’ll be taking statements for the next few days. This place was heaving.”
Lestrade relayed the question to Murphy.
Sherlock nodded.  “What sort of man is he?”
Mycroft took a deep breath.  He took another slice of cake.  Carrot cake.
Lestrade chuckled.  “So, dare I ask what we think is going to happen at ten forty-five in the blackout room next Thursday?”
“Come for me, John,” Sherlock stroked John’s cock firmer. Faster. “I want to feel you come undone. I’m so desperately, utterly yours, John Watson.”
“You absolute fucker.” John kicked his feet and splashed them both in the process.  “I do love you though.”
“He’s been in more than my mouth.”
“Hmmm.”
John wore an odd smile and he reached up to stroke Sherlock’s cheek.  “You got it right.  I wanted sex every single time.  Just lately, I’ve wanted you so badly I can’t tell you.  I woke up yesterday morning shagging your pillow. You were in the shower.  Did you not wonder why I was changing the bedclothes at that time of the morning?  And what about last Wednesday?”
“Let’s just go down to the lounge, hm?” Sherlock suggested. “If it’s awful, we’ll leave as soon as we can. If not, then we’ll decide from there.”
John didn’t know why he’d kept the dildo. Grief makes the mourning hang on to even things they hate. It’s easier to push them away, hide them and hope all the memories go with them. And perhaps, eventually, long after Mary was gone, John had learned that it took real effort to stop anger from growing stronger than love.
“What do you think, pom-bear?” Sherlock asked John.
He came with a whimper rather than a cry. He buried his head against John’s neck and flopped down onto the bed.
Sherlock was awoken to an insistent beeping noise. He opened his eyes. He was alone on a huge bed and the console by the door flashed. Sherlock pulled a sheet around himself and scrabbled on the bedside table for the remote.
“Okay. I will.” John shoved a lubed finger up Sherlock’s arse.
“Lord Robbesmere.”
“I don’t want to have this conversation,” John replied. “Why would I want to speak to you about Sherlock?”
“It has very good reviews and you really like anal stimulation,” Sherlock replied. “It’s also quite small, so I thought it would be okay on those days when you feel a little sore after anal sex.  I want you to feel loved and to be happy with me. I understand that an anal vibrator can’t achieve all of that, but I wanted to…”
“Okay, okay,” Sherlock said. To his concern, he noticed that John’s eyes looked a little misty. If there was anything Sherlock was guaranteed not to resist, it was his John being upset. “Let me take care of you.”
The Ambulance Technician, who was driving the vehicle, yelled back from the front. “I can’t believe it, it’s like all the traffic lights are on our side.”
Lestrade walked back in.
“Good morning, Piero,” Sherlock said. “I’m sorry to meet you again in these circumstances.  Are you at all well?”
Lestrade started to cough.  He choked, in fact. Sherlock thumped his back with far more force than necessary.
John shook his head again.  “I don’t think so,” he said. His voice felt thick and solid.
Sherlock sighed. He was being over-cautious, he knew he was. He was treating John far better than normal as if John was fragile, body and soul. Sherlock knew he was. He still didn’t quite believe that John wanted to be with him, wanted Sherlock to be his partner, wanted Sherlock inside him.
“You were extremely convincing,” Mycroft said.  “I’m sure your hand was in his trousers.”
“When I had my tour around this place, this was the room for people who like to cover themselves with cream and custard and things,” John said.
“Being her dad. Being your lover.”
“I need John’s statement first and yours, Sherlock, for what it’s worth. Then I need you two to come and sit with me and outline the case we have against Daniels as you see it.  It’s going to be dull as fuck, but it’s a complex case and I don’t want this scumbag to get away with any of it.”
“It’s fine,” John replied.  “We’ve both got bullet wounds to our upper body. Mine’s a bit nastier than yours, but you’ve got those other scars.”
“On the bed,” John demanded. Sherlock rolled himself onto the mattress and laid in the centre, his arms outstretched. John paused and looked at him. “Scars,” he said. Sherlock had forgotten his back and shoulders were ripped into glossy pink, healing, trails.
“You never need to beg,” Sherlock replied and thrust against John.   “Not unless you want to.”  He smiled and John grinned back.
“Not really,” Nathan replied. “To be honest with you, we don’t really talk about work. I always figured that Les could do that part better than me. I just focus on looking after the man, you know?”
“I will,” Mycroft agreed. “I could go to see Sherlock and speak to him myself.”
“Oh God,” John said when Sherlock’s mouth closed around the head of his cock. “Sherlock, God, yes.”
“Quite,” Sherlock said.  “The doors are about to open.  John and I will stay in the locker room until the doors have opened.”
Sherlock snuggled closer. “Not necessarily. You just acted according to the information you had at the time. Besides, I think you met the right person at the right time. Sholto was right for you when you met him. Mary was the right person for you while I was gone. No one ever said it had to last.”
“Wow,” John said when Sherlock walked back in. “You look damn good.”  He tugged Sherlock’s head down by his tie and Sherlock squeaked in alarm.  John gave him a deep, searching kiss.   Since both had been celibate of late, it didn’t take long for the kiss to become heated.
Daniels squinted at Mycroft’s image. “I fucking hate Doctors.” He held his phone so Mycroft could see Dr Watson unconscious on the floor. The Doctor started to twitch. Daniels put his foot on his neck.  “Make the girl stop screaming,” he demanded from Mycroft. He turned the phone towards the little girl.
“That could be the reason,” John replied. He rolled onto his side and stroked his chest. “But the truth is that I’d just really like you to fuck me.” Sherlock dropped his shirt on the floor and closed his eyes for a moment. When he opened them again, John smiled at him.  “Okay?”
“I don’t know what you’re saying, but you are finishing your breakfast,” John said. He cried out: clearly the wretched toy had hit the right spot. “I don’t want you passing out on me when I need you to fuck me.”
“Shhh, shhh, darling, it’s all okay,” John said against her hair. His face was drawn, but those blue eyes flashed up at him and communicated so much.
The third area had couches around three walls and on the fourth hung a cinema-style screen.  A porn movie silently played, long forgotten by spectators.  The lights were low, but one bright white light was suspended in the middle of ceiling.  Below it, the floor dropped down three steps to a large circular bed and, in its centre, lay a dead man.
“We met on the night of Jason’s murder,” Fabian said to John.   “I am sorry if I was effronté
“You don’t have everyday suits,” John said.  He pulled Sherlock’s head down for a quick kiss.  “Just put on a suit that you like.”
“I don’t want to sound stupid,” Lestrade’s voice was hesitant and his speech peppered with ‘ums’ and ‘ers’.  “I know this is a bit inappropriate but, well, how much of you am I likely to see?”
“Only Stephen Daniels,” Simon replied. “He were mine.  ‘Cause Jase and I were all coupled up quick, he didn’t have any regulars yet. He got a few odd messages on Facebook.  He wouldn’t show me ‘em or tell me what they said, though.  He didn’t wanna upset me.”
John sighed.   “I don’t know.  Have you ever looked for something even though you’ve got no idea what you were looking for?  Maybe I was looking in the wrong place.  After Mary, after all that, maybe I just needed something uncomplicated.  Whatever it was, I realised when Jason died that I haven’t found it.”
Sherlock held the vibrator against his own prostate until his hips jack-knifed and he came with a ferocity he’d never have believed possible. With shaky fingers, he pressed the vibrator in even more and held it firm as he throbbed out another orgasm.
Sherlock gave a sharp nod. He looked at John who hesitated but also nodded his acquiescence.
“Can you hear a helicopter?”  John’s ears strained to pick up the sound. Was it there or was it wishful thinking that whirred in his head?
“So, if we both wear one of those,” John said, “and we can simulate sex without showing anything personal.”
“Addee,” Rosie said. They were standing in the doorway and watched Sherlock saw at his violin.  “Ouchy noise.” She pointed at Sherlock.  “Naughty.”
In John Watson’s life, his top three happiest occasions had been:
Sherlock replied with another kiss. The touch of lips was tender and soft; a dozen little kisses peppered John’s lips.   He held Sherlock’s head and pulled him in for a deeper kiss until Sherlock collected his wrists and held them over John’s head and against the mattress.  He tipped his hips to rub their cocks together and John tried to thrust up to meet the action. Sherlock lifted until John stilled.
John, unable to do anything, let go of his cock, so Sherlock reached out with his free hand and worked it with efficient strokes. The firm flesh throbbed in Sherlock’s fist, while he moved his other, curled inside John, with gentle, rocking motions. Sherlock could barely take his eyes from the vision of his hand inside John, but when he looked up, unnerved by John’s silence, he found an equally arresting sight. John’s mouth was open, his eyes locked on the ceiling, unfocused and lost in sensation.
“Hello sexy,” John said, his voice slurred.  “I feel a bit tired, but if you gimme a while to have a nap, then we can have more jiggy-jiggy.”
“John’s gone out, I’ve got Rosie, here are some scones.” She passed him an old, battered cake tin.  “Try to save some for John.”
John took a breath and then ran.  “Hang on,” he squeaked before he leant over the toilet bowl and vomited profusely.  It hurt.  A lot.   He cried out in pain and tears ran down his face.  He sat on the bathroom floor. Rosie had followed him in and looked at him, terrified.  “Just come home. Please, Sherlock.”
“I think I might have to be on top of you.”
Mycroft took a deep breath.  “I can take this equipment back to MI6, you know.”
“Yes,” Sherlock whispered as John pulled at his belt.  “John, my John.”  The front of his pants were damp with precome.  He couldn’t coordinate his thoughts enough to be embarrassed and
“Just one thing,” Piero said.  “You two need to have sex. Soon. You will not get younger.  Have sex before you need Viagra.”
The only concern John had was whether Sherlock would be able to deliver in the bedroom. They hadn’t even kissed. John had nothing to go on and in the midst of his heat, he knew he’d be desperate. Sherlock simply had to be to be the man, the Alpha, the situation necessitated: one with an almost constant hard-on, who could fuck until he was unconscious, knot John, and fill him full of spunk until he thought he’d burst. That was what John demanded from his Alphas and he didn’t want to be disappointed in Sherlock’s performance.
John stopped limping around the lounge. He stared at Sherlock. Love. Love was huge.  It was too much.
John smiled. Sherlock stepped towards Lestrade and said something that John didn’t hear. He saw the blush that stained Lestrade’s cheek and the smile that bloomed on his face.  He patted Sherlock’s shoulder and then went back to his desk to sit down.
“Oh, John.” Sherlock thrust again, then again, shallower, faster.  John’s hand reached back and grabbed Sherlock’s hip and pulled him in, deeper until it reached the heart of them both.  Sherlock came with an intensity that buckled and surprised him.  For a while, all he knew was searing pleasure that seemed to radiate outwards and made his mind and limbs feel warm and liquid.
“Aren’t you awake yet?”  Real John knocked on Sherlock’s bedroom door. “I’ve got the kettle on.”
“You absolute cock,” John said on an outward breath.  He heard the liquid sound of Sherlock’s exhaled smile behind him.
“I fancied cheesecake like duck,” Sherlock agreed, his mouth twisted into a smile.  “I ducking love cheesecake.”
John pouted. “Again?  Hookers are like Belgian Chocolate. It’s great at first and then, after a while, you feel a bit queasy and think, ‘meh’.”
Sherlock smiled. “Think you might have mentioned it,” he said.  “Oh! Rosie found something for you.” He looked at the little girl, still in John’s arms.  “Which pocket did I put it in?”   Rosie pointed to Sherlock’s right coat pocket.  Sherlock withdrew the object in a closed hand and passed it to her to give to her father.
“I feel the same way,” Sherlock agreed. “I’ve wanted you for so long.”
“John!  Mrs Hudson’s on her way up. We need to go. There’s been another murder.”
“Did you have to get him involved?” John asked as they attempted to hail a taxi.  “He’s a drama queen.”
Mycroft took a deep breath.  He may have been disinterested in Rosie when she was first born, but now she lived with Sherlock and John at 221B, Mycroft considered her a Holmes by proxy.   She was his niece. She was possibly the closest thing he, Sherlock or Eurus would ever have to a daughter of their own. Their parents saw her as their grandchild. Mycroft could not abide to see her hurt.  He opened the drawer where he’d kept Tyler’s keys without a word.  Mycroft held the keys out to Sherlock.
John twisted in Sherlock’s arms, his eyes and mouth open, and he came against the headboard. It was, quite possibly, the most erotic thing Sherlock had ever seen, and, in sympathy, he was wracked with another orgasm himself. The extra flood of release made John’s eyes flutter and yet more semen gushed over Sherlock’s hand, which was still wrapped around John’s pulsing cock. They both collapsed forward and grabbed at the stained headboard in an attempt to stay on their knees.
In other news, can people let me know if they like or loathe the notes at the end of the text? I know they're distracting to some, but I rather like footnotes.  I mean, if I'm reading a book and there are footnotes, I'm a happy camper.  I am happy to listen to opinions on that score.
“Only in a fight?”  Reid winked and looked down.  Sherlock followed the line of his eye and started to laugh.  The dildo Sherlock wore had slipped free of the folds of hs dressing gown. In the exertion, it had drooped alarmingly.  “I see you’re a one-man guy.” Reid grinned.  Sherlock chuckled and covered his modesty, not to mention his fake dick.  Sherlock was happy that the droopy dildo hid his desire for John.  The arousal he’d experienced in the blackout room hadn’t entirely diminished.
“Fine.  You can look after the child whilst John talks to the Frenchman. Mycroft.”
Sherlock shrugged.  He felt considerably uncomfortable with this turn of events.  “If I knew that, I would have rectified the matter, wouldn’t I?”
“Sherlock?”
“Depends on the size and type of room. Really, I don’t keep the records. You should speak to Shirley in billing.  I fail to see how this helps discover how Jason died.”
“Allergic reaction to Penicillin, the patient is almost four-years old.”
“Stop hanging around,” said a familiar voice from the sofa. It was the man who’d spoken earlier.  “He wants you to fuck him.”
“Because Sherlock is now my boyfriend,” John replied.  “And while we’re okay now we’re in the honeymoon, let’s-have-as-much-sex-as-humanly-possible phase, soon Sherlock will realise that he’s in a proper relationship with emotions and responsibilities and all those things that are normal to anyone but a Holmes.”  John took a deep breath.  “Even now, little by little, it’s coming.  I thanked Sherlock yesterday for being good with Rosie because they found a little bit of pottery in the park.  Do you know what Sherlock did?  He ran away.  He couldn’t accept the compliment and he legged it.  If he can’t take a thank you, what will happen when Rosie calls him Daddy by accident?  I can see that coming, believe me.”
“And your foster carers?”  John wrung his hands together.
Rosie was fractious and whiny as Sherlock peeled her out of her clothes. Her nappy was a horror and she managed to wee on the satin settee.  Sherlock giggled and when Rosie picked up on his glee she too, finally, smiled.  After that, the whole process went far more smoothly. Within ten minutes, Mycroft, Sherlock and Rosie swept out of the suite and left Anthea sponging child urine from the gold sofa.
John crouched too.  “We missed you,” he said. The roughness in his throat was less to do with Daniels’ strangulation and more to do with emotion.  “I messed everything up and I’m so sorry.”
Sherlock handed the black card over.  “Aaron Sommers.  Lovely name,” the receptionist said.  He pouted a little at Sherlock who winked back.   “You’ve got a lively one here, Colin.”
“I liked you bastards,” Nathan shouted as he was led into 221B.  “I helped you.  And now I find out that you’ve got Mark and Les in
“And your name?” The bald man asked.
Oh, and a Prince Albert piercing is, essentially, having a metal ring on the end of a man's knob, should they have a knob, of course.   A man is more than a penis, after all.
John threw his head back as if in ecstasy.  The newcomers came in, went straight past them and walked towards the sex swing.  Sherlock could just see around John.  He recognised Jamie Reid, Dan Murphy but not the third man.
Mycroft did not look reassured.  “I’m sure Sherlock would
“What now?”
“Best not keep the lady waiting, then,” Sherlock remarked as he left the room.
.   Known by residents of that constituency and by parliament to be a bit of an idiot, but one that, generally, does a good job.  He is understood to be dating a local radio newsreader, Gemma Steele.  She is, however, his ‘beard’.”
“And you’ve shared your body with me and one or two other people,” John replied. “I don’t like the idea of one other person seeing you, let alone anyone else.”
“God, yes.” Sherlock sank into John’s body desperate for redemption, desperate to get deeper. With a few firmer thrusts, his knot slipped inside John’s uterus.
Mary, the real Mary, had realised almost immediately. Her voice as she’d said, “John?” confirmed it. She’d trailed behind him, plunged into forlorn horror.
“You knew as soon as you heard the words come out of his mouth that Fabian wasn’t responsible. You knew he hadn’t even known Thomas. But you had a good idea who did.  When Jason and Brandon died, Fabian started to get more and more unstable. He told you he was going to hand himself in for Thomas’ murder. But you couldn’t let the man you loved go to prison for Daniels.  The sad thing is that you are clever, Piero. You knew that someone with Daniels’ connections could discredit you if you told the police you suspected he did it. Not to mention the fact that Bouchard would hate you for it. So, you did the only thing you could do. You claimed you killed Thomas to make sure Fabian would stay out of prison.”
“Just be calm and relaxed and she might get sleepy. We just don’t have to excite her.”  John flicked Sudacrem up his nose by accident. Rosie squealed with laughter.   Sherlock raised his eyebrows.  “I’ll just pop her back down in her cot and we’ll go downstairs.”
“Good to know.”
Sherlock turned and left the room. He didn’t know if he was supposed to have a quick shower, or a very thorough one. He went for thorough and mentally swore at John as he cleaned and poked his arse.   As he approached the bedroom, wrapped in his dressing gown, he heard voices.
John nodded and fumbled lube from his pocket.  “I want your fingers inside me,” he said at an audible volume in a poor Scottish accent.
“Yes,” John hissed.   He clutched at the bed clothes beneath them and tilted up his hips.  Sherlock’s thrusts must’ve moved the vibrator against John’s prostate because he squirmed and cried out, pushing back against each thrust.  “Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me,” John mumbled as they rocked together, the motion thumping the headboard against the wall.
“How was that?” Sherlock asked.
The door opened.  Sonny, one of the male prostitutes at Langridge’s, walked in with a client.  John nuzzled Sherlock’s neck.  The game was afoot.
“Good guess, good reason, but wrong.  Mark Tyler.”
Langridge wasn’t the only one who wanted the case sorted as soon as possible.
“Daniels is conflicted with regards his homosexuality.”  Sherlock looked intently at Lestrade.  His deductions were practically dirty talk to John.  “It’s likely his drug use lead to psychosis, paranoia and hallucinations.  Yesterday, I noted from the marks on his trousers and the wear pattern on his shoes, that he has regular pain in his right leg, probably arthritis in the knee. One form of treatment would be ibuprofen gel or something similar; make a search of his home and office and I’m confident something of that nature will turn up.”  Sherlock took a deep breath.  “Brandon Cox specialised in very public, exhibitionist sex.  Daniels was both attracted to and scared by it.  One of the agents who handcuffed him told us that there were existing handcuff marks on Daniels’ wrists. He’s been in cuffs before.”
“Mrs Hudson,” John said with a smile.  “If everything went wrong, I was going to call her.  If she didn’t hear anything, then she knew it all went well.”
“Bollocks.”
John paused at thirty compressions and Sherlock gave the rescue breaths. He checked Rosie’s breathing. Nothing that he could be sure of. He uncapped the EpiPen and plunged it into Rosie’s other thigh. He rubbed the injection site. Before he’d even finished, Rosie was coughing back to life.
Sherlock passed it over.  John texted Sherlock. “Mycraft,” he spelled out. “Tell him to sort so yoo look afer Rosie. You nex of king.”   John put his phone down and let the painkillers do what they should.
John leant forward and took both of Piero’s hands in his. The police officer sat up and looked a little suspicious about the contact but did not intervene.  John glanced at him. Sherlock knew the Watson warning glance well enough and it worked as effectively as it normally did.
“Sit down and eat your bloody toast,” John said, working on his belt. He let his jeans fall to the floor as Sherlock prowled towards him. He was less than a metre away when John raised a hand. “No touching. Eat your toast. You’re going to need the energy.” John walked past Sherlock, balled up his jeans and shoved them in the washing machine.
“Oh God,” John replied. He rubbed his eyes.
“Don’t be like that.” Ian had put his mug down on the counter and moved to stand in front of Sherlock. “Y’know, I won’t judge. I don’t know you. I’m the only person you can tell because I don’t know you or John. I’d like you to tell me. Won’t make you.” Ian shrugged and turned around, his back to Sherlock.
He had to pull his mouth from John’s cock for a moment when he pressed his fingers inside himself. The moan was obvious. It’d been a while. Sherlock took a few deep breaths and reached out again for John’s penis.
“Your arrogance is pretty special at times,” John managed to reply before he laughed. Rosie laughed too.  She liked to join in.  John pulled a face at her. She laughed louder, waved her hands around and slapped John on the face. It served him right, he supposed.   “So, are you nearly ready?  We need to drop Rosie off at the childminder’s on the way to Langridge’s so we need to leave early. Mrs Hudson chewed my ear off last night about not getting anything done because this case is such a monster.”
He held out his hands. John carefully took one of Sherlock’s hands in his, cleaned any breaks in the skin and inspected them. Then, he repeated the action with the other. While John was working, Sherlock looked at him. He’d come here alone and, if the duffel in the living room was anything to go by, he was prepared to stay overnight. John’s hands were steady but somewhat stilted. He was clearly somewhat nervous. Sherlock’s heart thudded.
“We can’t talk about this now.”  Sherlock rammed the pillow into its case with such force he heard the stitches creak.  “I will.  One day.”
“If I was out, John, how would I know what you did or did not want me to say?” Sherlock walked into the kitchen from the hallway.
, Sherlock loved. John hadn’t smelt like John, not for a long time, but it wasn’t unknown for Omegas to go heat-free for several years after bereavement. Only Sherlock seemed to notice that John had been muted: a man in pastel, not primary, colours. Little by little, the colour had come back and so too did John Watson’s delicious, earthy, somewhat wicked scent.
John knew he’d never have the delight of telling Sherlock they were to be fathers. Sherlock would deduce it long before he did. But, what the hell? John
Tyler pulled his cock free of Fabian’s mouth.  “Can you hear what they’re saying?”
“Sherlock?” John asked.  “I know you want to perform and all, but I really want you just to fuck me. I’m going to come on my own in a minute because just the fact that it’s you inside me is turning me on so much.  I want you. Please, just fuck me.”
“I’ve got a sore arse.” Sherlock’s soaping had reached his backside and, well, it hurt. He spun around to show John, who leant forward to look at Sherlock’s right bum-cheek.
By the time Sherlock got to the bedroom, his towel had been lost somewhere, unable to cope with the speed of its owner’s gait. All the same, John and Roger were already seated on the bed.
“I know,” John said. “And I apologise. You told Mycroft you weren’t alarmed by sex.”
Sherlock jumped when John brushed a ticklish spot.  He smiled.  “If you ever tell anyone, I will deny it.”
“Any idea who?”
“He would not get his hands dirty with that.  His failure is that he loves Stephen Daniels. We all have our cross to bear, Mr Holmes.”
“What’s wrong with Sherlock?  He seems to be as functional physically as I’m able to judge. I’m sure he’d take instruction on sexual matters. I understand that he won’t be as well practised as Fabian, but he’s a quick study.”
“Get out of the way,” John ordered. “I’ll do it.” Before Sherlock could react, John had fished the teabags out of the toaster and rinsed the crumbs from their mugs.
“Food. Then come back. I think I can rinse, but I’m not sure I can get out of the bath.” John looked up at him, his hair lathered into a point, like Mr Whippy ice-cream.
“Where’s he moved him to?”  John asked.  He tried to stay calm.  He’d told himself over the past few days that he could wait to speak to Tyler. The notion he might have to wait longer never entered his mind.
“Do you know any of these men, John?”  Sherlock asked as he handed over the list.
“Take the hose thing off,” Sherlock demanded with a wafted hand. He wiggled his bum to the edge of the bed and got to his feet. He was a little unsteady, but not for long. Sherlock collected his drip stand, dragged it around the bed and then walked to John. He peered myopically at the console of the chair, pressed a few buttons, and the ‘hose thing’, as Sherlock so eloquently put it, flopped off of John’s cock.
“John and I can speak to him tomorrow.” Sherlock folded up the list.
“It says it is,” John admitted.  He unzipped the evidence bag and sniffed it, then passed it to Sherlock to do the same.
Sherlock was like James in a few ways: Blunt, unapologetic, and John wanted to climb into bed with him. Not that he ever allowed himself to think it until Mary died.  He’d found himself on the wrong side of forty, heading towards fifty, with a child and life that’d passed him by.  'It's not fine but it is what it is', turned into 'it's not fine and I don't want to die with regrets.'  And the truth was that as soon as he had come to Langridge's to sleep with a man, their fingers became Sherlock’s fingers, their face his, their bodies his and their cocks definitely his. When Fabian had arrived, his appearance so similar to Sherlock’s, it’d been far too easy for John to pay stupid money to indulge his deepest fantasy.
The bathroom seemed bright. Sherlock didn’t know if John had followed him or he’d followed John, but they both stood on the black and white tiles while they stripped off their clothes in silence. Sherlock steadied John as he stumbled as he climbed in the bath by grabbing his arse. John smiled.
“Would you like me to step outside?”  Sherlock said, voice gruff.  He pulled on a pair of blue Latex gloves.
Sherlock, weakly, pulsed inside John.
“If you get through with mopping, get us some water and some snacks ready, yeah? If it’s all in the bedroom, then we’re prepared for a while at least.”
John opened the box with a silly smile.  Sherlock had bought the ring from a jeweller who owed him a favour, while John was in hospital.
.” He took a long drink of the juice. “It’s a health centre for perverts. How do we know they’re not filming us, or something?” He walked over to the bed and sat primly on the edge.
John followed as Sherlock was wheeled through the beige corridors of an unremarkable building. John was led into a private room, while Sherlock was taken for an MRI and an X-ray. While he was gone, John looked around the room. A nurse walked in behind him and started to hang bags on a drip stand.
“I know. Thing is, once I knew I wanted more, I needed to know that I would be able to have sex with a man.  Do you have any sexual experience, Sherlock?”
"Okay?" John whispered.
Lestrade sat behind his desk and put his head in his hands.   “We’ve got one shot at this,” he said.  “We can’t pretend we don’t know what’s being delivered again.  If there’s a sniff that this is going to be a drug delivery, then I’m in deep and complete shit.  So, what am I going to tell the boys upstairs?”
“He’s in Surrey visiting his sister,” Sherlock replied.  “It was hardly a major feat of deduction.”
“Good morning,” Sherlock said.   “Breakfast is almost ready.  Rosie’s had some fruit and I thought she might have some scrambled egg and baked beans. What do you think?”
“You feel wonderful,” Sherlock said. “Really good.” His brow was crumpled in concentration.
“Not here, Sherlock!” John replied, clearly scandalised.
Gratefulness and virtual roses go to Lockedinjohnlock for her proofreading duties.  The remaining issues and mistakes in this fic are my mistakes alone.
When Mary died, Sherlock’s heart had ached for John’s loss and for his own. He’d liked Mary. Respected her. Loved that she looked after John and that she made him smile. When she was gone, Sherlock discovered Mary had taken his best friend with her. The John Watson Sherlock had fallen in love with simmered with controlled, beautiful fury. John Watson’s ghost, dressed in grey grief, had been all uncontrolled rage and savagery, and it was that tormented man who’d beaten Sherlock until he was unconscious. And still, Sherlock had
“Hey,” Sherlock draped himself half across John’s body. “I didn’t mean that we won’t last. I’m not planning on going anywhere, you know. I mean, I think you were always my one, no matter what. I think you always will be.”
“Turn ‘round, I’d like to look.”
John shuffled into the space between the console and the chair and reached behind him to grab the black prick. As he lined it up with his hole, his slick oozed over his fist. John lowered himself slowly down onto the silicone toy.
Sherlock has never seen Lestrade so angry. His grey hair stood in sharp contrast to his red, almost purple face.
“Where’s John Watson?”  Sherlock’s voice and the click of his heels on marble cut through the hum of activity.  “John?  John!”  Sherlock skirted the blood and stood before him.  “Is there somewhere we can talk?”
“We can sort that out in a bit,” John said. “Just figure out how you’re getting it in.”
“Love you,” Sherlock confessed.   He slid his hands inside John’s robe and over his skin. John’s muscles strained beneath his skin as he moved.   The warm smell of the man combined with soap from his earlier shower and the fresh aftershave John wore.   “I’m in your hands.”
, it felt good. His penis had softened enough to give him more leverage than he’d estimated. “Oh God,” he whimpered.
“I’ve fucked this up, haven’t I?”
John let out a short laugh. “What am I then?”
“So, do my bollocks,” Sherlock replied. And that made John giggle, and that made Sherlock come again in a curious mix of pleasure and pain.
“I think we should think about getting some,” John agreed. “We really need to do some sex shopping.  Er, again.”
The Milk Tray man was a James Bond-esque chap who appeared in adverts for Cadbury’s Milk Tray chocolates. He broke into women’s houses and left them chocolate because that’s what passed for romance back then:
“I just want to make sure,” Sherlock said eventually. He spread his fingers a little way inside John.
Sherlock crouched and pulled Rosie into his arms. At first, she protested but when she saw who held her, she wrapped her arms around Sherlock’s neck and nuzzled in close.
Sherlock tried and took in a little air, then choked as it hit the back of his throat. He coughed and wheezed, and John squeezed his knee and looked at him with a kind, amused expression. After a while, Sherlock’s self-control kicked in and he forced himself into a more regular pattern of respiration.
“Wah?” John mumbled around a mouthful of sandwich.
Sherlock wrapped a hand around John’s cock and stroked him up and down.  John’s cock was smooth and stiff against his palm.  Sherlock flicked the vibrator back on and pushed another finger in alongside it.
“We’re at a private facility, ABO Health Centre,” Tristan whispered. “You’ll be in a private room immediately and, as soon as Mr Holmes is deemed fit, you will be able to resume your activities.”
John had diagnosed himself within an hour. He was in the flat alone with Rosie while Sherlock visited a member of his homeless network. Or something.   The pain started in his bellybutton but got worse very quickly and moved south and right. He became nauseated and his temperature rose. He phoned Sherlock.
“Lie down, you gorgeous man,” John said.   “It’s time I had my wicked way with you.”
“I found myself, at Langridge’s, to be utterly overwhelmed,” Sherlock admitted. “Not just because of my sexual inexperience, though that was dominant in my mind, but because suddenly, I valued us, our privacy and what we have.”
Sherlock opened his eyes to find John above him. He’d managed to straddle Sherlock quite efficiently and with little drama. “Absolutely awful,” Sherlock replied.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s belly and clung to him as they rolled from the bed onto the carpet. This time, Sherlock ended up on top of John and the movement pushed his cock more solidly inside John. They both moaned.
“So, I should not ask,” Piero said, “but why did you come here for this?”
John's home recovering, Sherlock's worried he demands too much sex, so  John just listens to his heart.
“But you used to be straight,” Sherlock said. “Surely he would expect you to have more of an issue than me.”
“The hospital will call when he’s out of surgery,” Mycroft replied. “They’re quite relaxed with you being his next of kin. Apparently, John kept repeating it over and over until he was anaesthetised.  They got the message. Still, it doesn’t hurt to make things official. And, we will have to ensure you retain care of Rosie.  I can’t see anyone challenging it, but let’s make sure, hmm?”
“Good. Oh.”  Sherlock’s fingernails dug into John’s back. In the bed pit, Fabian was fingering his own arse.  Tyler’s cock was in his mouth.
Tyler’s legs sagged.  “I need to get in the bed, babe,” he said to Fabian. “Let me lie on the bed and you can have more of daddy’s cock.”
Sherlock didn’t wait to hear if there was more to John’s statement. John’s scent coloured his world red with something like a drug high, but instead of his mind fracturing into so many disparate splinters, Sherlock was focused on the man beneath him. John. Always John. Fuck John. Come inside John. Fill John.
“Fine,” John replied as he took the bag from Mycroft’s grasp.  “We’ll stop. But know that we need to see Tyler directly after the bust. You
“What have you done?”  John asked.  “Tell me from the beginning.”
“What sort of lube do you guys use?”   Nathan asked.
Sherlock closed his eyes and turned to lie on his side.  He pulled a pillow into his arms, curled around it and thought more about John.
Sherlock didn’t answer. He just crawled onto the bed and presented himself, spread-eagled, to his lover.
“Worry about what, John?”
Proofread, as always, by Lockedinjohnlock. If there are mistakes herein, they're my bad.
“Now,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock grinned. “What made you turn to Europol?”
“Oh Jesus.”  Greg grabbed John’s arm.  “They’re not related, are they?”
John narrowed his eyes. He knew what Fabian was, but it seemed like bad form to remind him of it. Bouchard’s eyes squeezed shut and he dug his fingers into the mattress.  John didn’t know whether it was pleasure or pain.
“What’s he done now?” John asked over his shoulder. “And do you want tea?”
Sherlock took the boxes but blushed to the roots of his hair.   “Shall we go, John?”
John sat in the living room with his laptop.   Sherlock had taken Rosie out to the park so that he had some privacy.  John was still shocked, but also relieved that he hadn’t been a bigamist. It was always nice to discover that you hadn’t accidentally committed a crime.  He never got used to Mary’s falsehoods; even after death, she still had the ability to surprise him.   More than anything, he wished he’d known Tyler when Mary was still alive. It would have been nice to know her family, if only to fill in some of the gaps.
“What do you know about the murder of Zach Thomas?” Sherlock asked.
He didn’t pause at the bathroom door. As a former soldier and a doctor, John’d seen all manner of nudity and knew there was nothing about Sherlock’s body that scared him. Okay, maybe the elbows. They’d turned out to be quite pointy and proddy in the night. Everything else was fine.
“Oh Jesus, Jesus, yes,” John gabbled.  His hips jack-knifed back and pushed Sherlock’s tongue in deeper. John’s right thigh started to tremble very slightly.  Sherlock wiggled his tongue.  “Fuckity, fuck, fuck, that’s really fucking good.”  Sherlock lapped at John’s hole, one, twice and then pressed in on every third.  Then he wiggled his tongue and put pressure against John’s perineum.  Sherlock repeated the whole process again and again.  “Bloody
“You were asleep on top of me. How did you think I was going to manage that?”
Jamie Reid was of medium height, had short gingery-blonde hair and pale skin. He was also very Scottish.  His accent was almost impenetrable.  To John, Jamie had an honest face.
His top three least happy moments had a new entry at number three:
“Why do you wear such stupidly fitted clothing, you wanker?” John asked as he attempted to wrangle Sherlock into some suit trousers. He’d managed pants, even if they were a bit crooked, but he’d veered into disaster. John manhandled Sherlock onto his side and struggled to get the blue trouser legs past gangly knees.
“Surprisingly okay. Probably have a few endorphins to thank for that.” John stroked Sherlock’s leg. “It felt amazing. I’m so glad it was you.”
Sherlock was surprised that both John and Rosie slept incredibly well in hospital.  He, on the other hand, did not.  He shared his time between the two of them, nervous that John might have a nightmare and pull his stitches, or that Rosie might wake and be scared when she found herself in a strange place.  Neither happened.
Sherlock flopped sideways and his softening dick slipped free. John moaned at the loss and crawled over to Sherlock. He didn’t say a word, just snuggled close until recovered from their exertions.
Back home, Sherlock finally poses the question he's wanted to since he met Fabian Bouchard.
John stopped walking. He turned and faced the Tech. “You helped my daughter, we helped you. I think we’re even, hmm?”
“Any reaction from the patient?”
Sherlock opened his eyes and stroked John’s face.  “Do you feel loved?” he asked.
John, who’d walked in on some personal scenes in hospitals, was tempted to say no. However, since this particular health centre had an Omega chair in it, they were clearly expecting unusual behaviour. Needless to say, he climbed into bed, lifted one of Sherlock’s arms and snuggled beneath it, his head on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“You’re also quite sploodgey.  I think I’ve got come on my chin.”
John paid no attention.
“I thought Mary was the one. I was wrong.”
“Dr Watson?” A paramedic poked his head around the door. His uniform was pale green and white. Not an NHS paramedic then. Private. Figured. “How’s our patient?”
“Oh, oh, yes.”  John’s body leaned forward. His bottom was in the air and his arm barely stretched back far enough to breach his arsehole.
“John, John, John.” Sherlock’s fingers hurt from digging into Ian’s hips. Their movements had become erratic as release neared.
Sherlock’s stomach flipped. “If you think that sort of slutty behaviour is going to reduce my refractory period, you are mistaken, John.  To use your vernacular, I couldn’t get it up with a splint.”
“You don’t,” Sherlock said quickly.  His hand dropped to John’s waist, then further down. “I don’t want to be in my head most of the time. I wouldn’t want to put you through it.”
Since he’d moved back in, Sherlock noticed the tell-tale redolent signals that John’s hormones were reawakening. However, Sherlock pushed it to the back of his mind with the aim of making John and Rosie’s life at Baker Street perfect. In the desire to have John’s scent remain in the building, Sherlock neglected reading the tonal changes in that fragrance. And one should never, ever, neglect one’s beloved.
“Give me your arse,” Tyler grunted.
John shifted in his seat.  Sherlock’s offence was one thing, but Lestrade was with them too.
“I love you, John.” Sherlock kissed his cheek, reached for the bowl, put it between them and then fiddled with his camera. So, intent was he on the science, he almost missed it when his penis slipped from John’s body in a rush of liquid. The bowl, which was larger than it needed to be for sweets, had shallow sides and a wide base and it quickly started to fill.
“Nice,” John said.  “Very comfortable. Good whisky.”
John Watson liked to think he was a pragmatic, capable man. However, he’d woken up paralysed. Or maybe he just hoped that paralysis would take hold and cut off the pain he felt, oh, everywhere.
Sherlock twisted his mouth. On the one hand, the truth was impressive. On the other hand, it would make John angry. Sherlock opted for impressive. “Five. Two of them ran away.”
Sherlock nodded. “I agree,” he said after he’d swallowed his third mouthful of toast.
“You could just have talked to Sherlock. I’m sure he would have let you experiment on him.”
“How old’s your sister?” John asked.
There's also a reference to a Beyonce song in this.  That song is, of course, the very angry and brilliant 'Don't Hurt Yourself'.  If my John Watson ever cheats on Sherlock, this song is, in my mind, Sherlock's riposte. And John will be sleeping with one eye open and his hands protecting his 'nads for weeks. Anyway, I digress!
Sherlock shook his head and looked at Rosie, who mimicked the action.  “This, John, is a piece of probably Roman pottery.”
“Smack,” Tyler said.  “And my sister. I hadn’t seen her in years.  Rosa found me when I killed the real Mark Tyler.  She was sent to kill me. She watched me kill him and helped me take his identity. She got me into rehab and then got Europol to take me in.”
“We’ve got the condom bagged for Forensics, sir.”
“No, John,” Sherlock replied. “I could be wrong, but I don’t think you’re the sort of person who would anything that Bertie Stibbons did.”
John giggled.  “Sure.”
Thanks to Lockedinjohnlock for her proof-reading par excellence.   Any other mistakes that remain are mine, mine, all mine.
