And with that, he was striding away, leaving behind a stunned Molly Hooper and an exasperated Effie Trinket.
“You’re aware that secrets are
“It’s like,” John paused, blinked, and then chuckled, “It’s like its doubled.”
John had blinked, cleared his throat in that way he always did, the way that said he was both irritated and yet bewildered, and pursed his lips, shrugging a solid, pajama clad shoulder, “Sometimes it’s too unreal for people to grasp.”
"Do shut up then," Sherlock snapped and stared straight ahead, his surroundings falling more familiar as they grew closer and closer to the Hall of Justice.
From: Bill Wiggins
Sherlock arched a brow, keeping the throbbing pain of the bully’s words below the surface, and standing up just a bit taller, shoulders burning from where the metallic form of the lockers had dug just a bit too deep.
“Right,” John rolled his eyes and shoved the brute’s dirty boots off, glaring at the boy beside him before reaching once more for his headphones, intending to disappear from the conversation entirely.
“No need to thank me,” The rugby captain shrugged effortlessly and Sherlock found himself entranced by the constant warmth in that bright, knowing grin. “Just come back again some time, yeah?”
whilst his mind snapped out a sharp
“I’m sorry. Really, and
4:45pm
“But they didn’t so,” Sherlock muttered, brows arching, voice lifting slightly in mockery. The skinny brunette pulled himself from the sheets with a grimace and reached down to grab hold of his pants, sitting on the edge of the mattress and yanking them on before standing and wrapping this arms around himself insecurely. He made his way to his drawers, grabbing out one of his many button-down uniform-accepted shirts and unfolding it to slip his arms through, turning his body away from Victor’s sharp, unforgiving glare.
.” The short, blonde blogger had then sighed and moved his mystery novel to the side, his hands folding in his lap as he leaned back and focused onto Sherlock’s irritably confused figure, a bright silhouette in contrast to the dark, night sky that could be seen through the thin class behind him.
Mark is dark @
It simply didn’t make any logical sense to him, but somehow, to John, it did.
: this is going to get so many retweets, and it deserves them all
Deep down, however, as much as he hated to admit it, it was John Watson’s opinion he held above all the rest.
John scoffed, but the smile remained, “Gee, thanks.”
John couldn’t help but giggle at her reiteration, both happy with himself and embarrassed, smirking and placing a hand over his face to rub at his cheek, in a feeble attempt to rid it of its pink shade, “I didn’t go overboard?”
Perhaps she’d do more than just scream this time.
vibe.
And, best of all, he would make John proud.
He deletes his website, doesn’t answer the door to anyone, and tosses the leftover cold case files from Lestrade’s weekly visits into the kitchen’s silverware drawer. He spends each and every moment of his time sitting in his black chair, cradling his violin, and thinking about how real John looked, sitting atop the cold surface of his bathroom counter.
With a shake of his head, John let out a quick laugh and beamed at the brunette, expression bright with amazement, practically consumed with Sherlock’s quick thinking, his ability to notice the littlest of details and recognize that they certainly must mean something if they even exist at all.
Lady White
“Well,” John said, “I’ve only known you a rough week or so and I’m quite taken with you too.”
“Who is the great
He lifted his head and met the approaching eyes of a small, rather petite elderly lady, dressed elegant and classy, blending in with the atmospheric nature of the studio.
“You clearly cheated,” Sherlock announced as he and John walked next to one another down one of the school’s many corridors, his head held high, his heart practically leaping out of his chest at the mere fact that John hadn’t left his side all day, apart from their separate classes. God, he
He was in a small coffee shop near Baker when it happened. The cup of coffee in his hands - black, two sugars - was slammed against the table within a matter of seconds, and his hands were, instead, reaching for his mobile, fumbling aimlessly for his YouTube app and tapping its red, cubed layout.
Sherlock swallowed the lump in his throat, his features blank, motionless.
John Watson slid the zipper down and dropped the bag to the floor, pale pink dancer’s shoes greeting him as he stared into the casing, jaw dropping in utter shock at the final confirmation, his heart fluttering far to quickly in his chest.
liked Sherlock.
“Look, I’m sorry, alright?” John sighed, smiling that warm smile again, looking so very apologetic and, Christ, so very beautiful, “you’re just—“
He imagined John’s warm grin, his lips curving up in mirth as he stared down at his phone. At least, he hoped he was smiling. John deserved to smile - everyday, every second, every waking moment. Sherlock narrowed his eyes, blinking repeatedly -
“Right, and it’s not my fault you make good jokes, Mr.
“Yes,
John laughed, “I know. That’s the
was he a fan of
Sherlock Holmes had a problem. A big problem — a great big, inconvenient problem that threatened the entirety of his existence and the already fragile construction of his heart, no matter how small the organ may be. This “more than a crush” was beginning to cloud each and every mere thought that took to occupying his mind. He spent the night, after the little outing that sparked his realization, lying in bed, biting his bottom lip, and debating between whether or not attending the rugby match — John’s rugby match — was a good idea. Of course, it wasn't. God, no. It was a horrible idea. Everyone who could possibly hate him would be there — the rugby team
And so, when his mother and father threw a small, get-together, those cousins attending once again, with Mycroft’s favorite kind of cake and a bit of weak wine, Sherlock lost it — lost the entirety of his composure, his emotions overflowing, his anger swelling, his bitter, sour expression bursting into one of outrage. It wasn’t fair and he intended to make them know it. He’d thrown cake, he’d deduced his distant relatives to tears, he’d thrown a tantrum when his dad attempted to drag him away to his room, he’d punched a hole into his wall and dealt with a bruised, and scraped, fist the week after.
He waited and waited. Mycroft said nothing more — he simply lifted that always-present umbrella over the both of their heads and stood beside his little brother as thunder rumbled within the clouds and lightning shattered the sky.
In three minutes, he could sneak his way out of the district’s borders and into the woods.
But he did none of those things. He merely stood, still, frozen, expression blank and features dormant, a numbness beginning to set in that he couldn't explain with words if he was bloody well forced to.
Tell John? Beautiful, kind John with the warm smile and those ocean eyes and a body Michelangelo would envy? His only friend? The one person who accepted his careless deductions and morbid fascinations? The one person who put up with him simply because he seemingly enjoyed his company, sat with him at lunch, texted him in class, joked with him, did homework with him, smiled at him, comforted him,
“What is there to be concerned about?” John snorted, stopping in his tracks and turning to face her with narrowed eyes, brows creasing his skin as he gazed her way in confusion.
: I hope it’s a gay one
“What?” John pursed his lips.
Sherlock blinked, swallowed and then seemed to get a hold of himself, wrapping his arms around his torso shyly and shrugging a shoulder, "You didn't
said you wouldn’t drop me,” John shrugged, blue eyes burning with revulsion. “Guess that was
“Not the fastest, but I appreciate the uplifting introduction,” Carl beamed, accent far more posh than his own, before turning to John and lightly lifting his hand, which John shook pleasantly.
The reply came quickly.
“What
Sherlock glared at the man in front of him.
Ms. Hudson seemed to always be around, though he didn’t see her as much of a guest. She hoovered, and dusted, and brought him her best scones, of which he always left untouched. She tapped his legs and told him he was too skinny, ran a hand through his curls and told him to go have a wash, gave him hugs he hardly responded to, and made him dinner most days that he barely ate.
– he wouldn’t admit it to anyone.
Sherlock shook his head minutely, throat bobbing as he swallowed, heart clenching as he stared up into those eyes — those eyes they’d told him were gone, shut forever.
Unsettled with being on the spot, Sherlock gulped and glanced around nervously before facing John head-on once more, “Coach the
Besides, Mycroft spent enough money on making sure his alcoholic uncle didn't tarnish the family name.
plastered to that normally warm, kind, and gentle expression.
“What, need a new subject for one of your videos?” Sebastian joked, smirking and barking out a revoltingly loud guffaw as he leered down at Sherlock’s curly head, “You finding out about all his freaky faggot kinks?”
John felt his cheeks redden at the statement and swallowed, shrugging to himself and placing a hand on the back of his neck. "I wanna," He began, sighing shyly, "I don't know, be his friend, I guess."
“You went the alien route, I see,” John chuckled, glancing at her outfit and beaming as she spun and flipped the synthetic hair from her shoulder.
Sherlock glanced upward, stopping his eating to instead stare intently at his mentor, watching him for any sign of a lie, because if what he was saying was true, Sherlock had no chance at all. As if sensing Sherlock’s suspicion, Haymitch turned to him with a brow arched, one side of his mouth quirking at the corner as he tilted his head inquiringly, “Problem?
Sherlock fidgeted nervously, gazing down at the fingers John had just touched, shutting his eyes for a moment to regain his footing, before looking once more to where John had gone back to his staring, blank and focused, daunting and oddly unnerving.
: iasfusgfeyug iugwibifgi fugbcsiubiufg
Beeface for days @
, Sherlock.”
John nodded again.
“I wasn’t in any trouble,” Sherlock muttered, eyes far too focused on the human being of whom really shouldn’t be standing, there, in front of him, in one solid form.
Sherlock nodded.
John suddenly felt incredibly guilty.
went to Baker, and maybe, just
“Then he’d be an idiot for it,” John said, firm and serious, before he beamed warmly Sherlock’s way, the two gazing quite literally into one another’s eyes. The moment was purely bewildering, their expressions putting forth an air of both desire and perplexity, ocean meeting kaleidoscope, and they remained there, words going unspoken through the lock of their eyes. It was, however, broken by what Sherlock could only describe as John Watson flailing backwards in an attempt to distance himself from the wild splattering of grease shooting outwards from the pan resting atop the stove.
“Bloody wanker,” Greg snorted, smacking John upside the head and ruffling his hair, to which he giggled, his heart clenching happily, his shoulders feeling a hell of a lot lighter all of a sudden, the irritated cloud over his brain lifting.
John blushed and lifted his head to gaze over at Sherlock, the boy flicking slowly at his phone screen, a few of his curls falling lazily against his forehead, soft and chocolatey, ruffled yet curved to perfection — John longed to run his fingers through them.
He was half way out, the cool air of the approaching winter tickling the skin under his thin black tights and chilling the line of his damp spine, when he heard the handle on the door to the studio’s main entrance jiggle and click open, a figure rushing through as though in a frenzy, and within a second of realization, Sherlock was flying fully from the room, grasping at his duffle and sprinting into the halls, hearing footsteps thumping against the wooden dance floor behind him and into the corridor.
“You’d better add some color to these walls,” She informed him, scoffing at their blankness.
Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure how to respond to that.
, was that a hand on his arse? Sherlock balked, the blood in his veins going cold with loose nerves, unsure of what to do, of what to say, of how to reciprocate, uncertainty written in the etchings of his features. Why was John touching
“I have some friends coming over,” He heard Siger’s voice call out from the other room, the clink of a glass signaling the telltale sign of a drink about to be poured, “and I don't need you embarrassing me.”
John snorted and shook his head, glancing back over to the camcorder and winking, “But we won’t name names, of course.”
Jessica @
“John Watson!” A feminine voice rang out, and both boys whirled to face the door, having been completely oblivious to the woman stood leaning against the frame of the entrance, a smirk on her red clad lips, stark in contrast to her snow pale skin.
John smiled to himself and reached for the hem of his shirt, lifting the material up off his head and frowning thoughtfully; the two boys continued to undress and redress for their practice without interruption — at least until Sebastian Wilkes, Sebastian Moran and James Sholto came striding into the locker room, heads held high and permanent sneers across their hardened faces. John instantly ducked his head and rolled his eyes, patience already wearing thin, reminding himself not to let some plonker like Wilkes ruin his perfect day. He glanced over at Greg, noting how frustrated his friend looked as he shoved his school clothes aside, lips drawn significantly downwards.
John’s brow furrowed, his smile dropping, and Sherlock panicked slightly, only slightly, concerned he’d said something wrong.
, Harry.”
“The bag. Your bag. The one you almost always lug around with you,” John scoffed, his smile warm and inviting, hoping to persuade Sherlock into spilling his utmost secrets. “What’s in it?”
“Well, I’m not going if you don’t go,” John stated matter-of-factly, expression pleased, confident and self-assured.
Before he could disappear into the security of his bedroom, he felt a hand grip his thin wrist, fingers pressing hard into his skin, nails digging against bone like proper bee stings, sharp and ruthless. He grimaced at the feeling, trying, fruitlessly, to snatch back his arm, biting his lip so hard he could taste blood, turning the entirety of his body back to his uncle, and staring him dead in the eye as he glared back, features unforgiving.
“Since,” John hesitated, “you know.”
“No,” John snapped and shook his head, “We were
of him.
Molly shrugged again, “An eccentric one.”
John blinked, frowned, and then sighed, shaking his head and putting down his headphones once more, turning his body back to face James Sholto and arching a brow curiously.
John let out a bright laugh, perhaps louder than what would be considered normal, and shook his head, winking gently at the dark-haired boy, “Considering it’s rugby, I’ll try not to, yeah?”
Molly bobbed her head and leaned forward to click ‘
Please leave a comment. :)
He inhaled sharply and opened his eyes, finding himself face to face, once more, with John Watson, all golden featured, dark blue eyed, and short bodied, sat firmly in his red chair — where he
—  he didn’t just want to kiss, he wanted to touch too, caress and run his fingers down the slope of his nose or the sharp edge of his cheek and just take in every single detail there was to Sherlock’s expression that he had missed in simply gazing upon him.
at me!”
"Fans?" Molly smirked, arching a brow as she exited the fitting room, twirling cheerfully in a little red dress and posing in one of the hallway mirrors.
He gasped and quickly tried to gather his wits and get to his feet, lifting his palms, nearly getting somewhere when a cleated shoe slammed into the side of his ribcage, followed by another and another, until he could hardly breathe anymore, bones bruised beyond his knowledge, heart beat thumping loudly in his head.
earlier this week ~ so many of y’all are practically screaming over this new ship that lacks content. But hey - subtext am I right?
: that’s so domestic wtf
Learning a bit about France’s queen in 1774. Mates, she damn well lost her head!
With that, she slammed the flat’s front door, and Sherlock was left alone.
"I'm not entirely sure," Mycroft uttered with a sigh, eyes dropping to his feet, expression bleak.
With a rather dark grin, he pointed at the camera lens and arched a brow, “You know what they call our rugby coach behind his back?”
Lilly @
With a laugh, John lifted his arm, spinning Sherlock in a quick circle, reveling in the bright grin and the way the curly-haired boy before him threw his head back in genuine joyful amusement.
: you had a date didn’t you
“It’s matte,” He answered simply, shrugging his shoulders.
If John said he preferred
. But he was also warmed, by the way Sherlock’s features had settled as John gently took care of him, parked in the quiet alleyway, at the way his eyes had widened slightly when John promised everything would be okay.
The rugby captain snorted, glanced once more at his friends for a single boost of mental support, and took off in the direction of the stairs.
John chuckled fondly, “Bye Lady Hooper.”
With a small smile, John looked up, flipping a couple pages to get back on track again, and then turned back to their textual conversation, having, quite certainly, the best literature class he’d had all semester.
Sherlock swallowed, blinked and ducked his head, eyes resigned, body still on edge yet somewhat sullen in muted surrender.
,” Haymitch spoke up from behind him, and Sherlock turned, catching the hint of a smirk on his lips, delighted by Molly’s actions, it seemed, “That’s how you do it.” The blonde man stood and pushed in his chair, yanking out his flask and downing several large gulps of whiskey. He then strode passed Sherlock, aiming to leave the train car, but not before slamming a hand down on Sherlock’s shoulder, a grin marring his features gleefully. “
“Because,” He swallowed thickly before sniffing and lifting his nose upward in an act to appear petulant, shrugging a single shoulder and trying unsuccessfully to push the rising memories away from the surface and back under the water of his flooded mind palace, “nobody reads it anyway.”
Just as John was about to ask what she meant by that, she glanced once more over her shoulder and shouted out, “You’ve always wanted the best of
“I’d be careful, Sally,” Sherlock snapped, glancing briefly over at her to stare her dead in the eyes before turning away as Ms. Montgomery stood from her desk to address the room, “Your jeans are starting to wear at the knees. Can’t have everyone knowing how you spend your afternoon study sessions with Philip Anderson.”
’ folder of his brain; the only thing important in the given moment was the velvet smooth tone of John’s voice.
, his mind supplied.
,” Sherlock sniffed with ease, and found that maybe, just maybe, this
John put down his apple and swallowed thickly.
He watched Sherlock roll his eyes.
: Careful, Johnny Boy.
“An annoying, fat brother,” Sherlock smirked, eyes sparkling now.
“Need to mop the floors.”
Her younger brother opened his eyes and and let out a shaky breath, running a rough hand through his dirty blonde hair and swallowing thickly before laughing rather wetly, a sad smile breaking the warmth of his features, “Don’t you have work?”
Why was everyone asking him that today? Who, in their right mind, would ever be ready for a single reaping?
“I heard that!”
That was all John needed before he pressed forward and met Sherlock’s soft, plush lips, parting them instantly with his tongue and letting out a sigh of utter bliss when his own met Sherlock’s, the two dancing across one another, sending sparks of something beautiful up John’s spine and warmth down and past his belly. He felt Sherlock’s hands slowly and shyly lift, pressing themselves against John’s chest for a moment before they bravely gripped at his shoulders, squeezing tight and gripping as though he needed them in order to remain upright. He nipped briefly at Sherlock’s bottom lip, and reveled in the small whine that sounded from the brunette in his arms, one of the dancer’s hands gaining some confidence and moving up to cup John’s cheek for better leverage, fingers warm against John skin in a way that made his soar. He dropped his opposite hand back down so both palms were pressed against the brunette’s hips, and with one slick movement — he was quite the romantic after all — he slipped his hands beneath the hem of Sherlock’s black sweater, finally meeting warm skin, pressing his fingers along the thin form of Sherlock’s stomach, taking in every line and curve and dip that his hands could take note of, drowning happily in the feeling of him, in the sensation of his skin and the way his fingertips moved so swiftly across it, in the way Sherlock was now panting against his lips, having pulled back to catch his breath and, or so John thought, to refocus his attention on the feeling of John’s hands in new territory.
“Deduction thing?” Sherlock repeated, mindlessly adjusting the cuffs of his white button-down.
! You’re gonna catch a bloody cold,” John huffed, shaking his head in disapproval before gazing at his friend with a stern, penetrating glare. “Just get in.”
John swore beneath his breath and took off after him, sprinting from his room and in pursuit of the boy, his fingers shaking just slightly with the adrenaline of his discovery and the overwhelming notion of it all. Of course it was him — who else made sense? It was all so very clear now, to John. Everything was clear, and real, and he understood. He truly understood even if he wasn’t sure what there was to understand.
Realizing he needed to thank someone, Sherlock glanced over at Harry and beamed shyly, expression soft and polite as he bobbled his head gratefully — to which she returned the gesture with a warm smile of her own.
“John Watson,” She snapped, “He is the
“Why are you so hung up on this, Greg?” John snapped, remembering their brief discussion over text and shrugging his shoulders in both perplexity and genuine interest. He watched as Greg looked away, shame turning his cheeks red as he shook his head stubbornly and let out a long sigh.
Molly snorted at his side and shook her head, crossing her arms over her chest and sighing, “Really? Bit lazy that, isn’t it?”
"Um," he began, grunting to clear the awkward bubble in his throat, and biting his lip a little nervously, "Look, I just wanted to say thanks, you know? For the compliment. Yesterday." He smiled wearily at Sherlock's downturned head and then watched, oddly fascinated, as it lifted in curiosity, those icy blue - silver, green, gold? - eyes dropping onto John's own and widening slightly.
“You’re an idiot.”
They were close now, so close that John could hear the deep baritone of Sherlock’s voice over the cheery vibe of the music.
John bobbed his head happily and removed himself from the table, stepping to the side and turning towards the exit doors, but not before throwing a short, simple, “It’s a
John swallowed then, gazing thoroughly into those kaleidoscopes, admiring every flicker of color, the shade close to the cyan waves of the Mediterranean, exotic and surreal and utterly breathtaking. He lifted one of his hands to slide his fingers along Sherlock’s jawbone, feeling the way the boy gasped slightly at the touch, the way his pulse picked up pace, and how his throat moved as he quickly swallowed. John smiled warmly, the same smile he knew Sherlock found calming, settling, reassuring, and watched as the brunette closed his eyes and exhaled long and slow, leaning into the palm of John’s hand until he was properly cupping the sharp edge of Sherlock’s pale cheek.
John let a giggle loose, and grinned up at the tall brunette, eyes bright with admiration, before he turned away, smile still in place, glancing up at the beverage board, the line to make their order moving them forwards a mere inch whilst John pondered what to say next.
To his utter surprise, John let out a sharp giggle, grinning across the table at Sherlock, and looking – and sounding, mind – positively
: you poor thing, drink plenty of water and sleep!
John rolled his eyes and bit his bottom lip, glancing over at the tipsy state of his friend, smirking her red lips, and the guilty look on the other, lilac hair flowing down around her drearily — he wasn’t mad at Molly,
Sherlock was leaning back in the car seat, a smile engrained in his expression as they drove along the busy London streets, taxicabs skating past here and there, drivers honking their horns at traffic lights as though it had some sort of magical effect, street lights beginning to flicker on as the sun got lower and lower. John was sat at his side and they were reveling in a comfortable silence, the radio muffled as commercials played obnoxiously for several minutes, promising the music would return shortly. John found himself dropping his gaze on the road to catch a glimpse of Sherlock every once in a while, his face gentle and at peace, and John was drowning in the softness behind his eyes. He lsitenined intently as the last of the commercials finally faded out into a song, electronic and strangely familiar and within a few seconds of hearing the tune, John let out a loud laugh that startled Sherlock into turning to gaze wide-wide-eyed his way.
John smirked as Greg’s cheeks bloomed into a red hue, the top of his ears falling pink, still noticeable even under the dim blue and purple party lights. He watched as Molly then turned to greet Sherlock, her teeth shining white as she smiled wide, spreading her arms to draw him into a hug much the same as John’s, and the rugby captain’s heart clenched, entirely overwhelmed, so very fond of the way the dancer froze and swallowed nervously, blinking in shock until the small, mousy girl pulled away. Greg merely nodded their way, grin shy but warm and content, and John sent him a quick wink.
Even if he won the games, he’d never be a hero, or a winner, or a fucking
Jessie Jess @
: aw John omg
"I volunteer! I volunteer as tribute!"
“Yeah,” He smiled softly, genuinely, because he certainly couldn’t deny the fact that:
He admired the way Sherlock turned to look at him, eyes somewhat wide, cheeks faintly pink, before he ducked his head with apprehension. The rugby captain smirked to himself, thinking he quite liked Sherlock in that color, before humming and glancing back at the lanky boy, curiosity in the twist of his features as they walked on.
When he reached the room’s door, he found himself nearly colliding with Sebastian Wilkes, the arse bearing an almost concerning grin, a sneer in place as he laughed at something Sholto said beside him, punching his friend lightly in the shoulder. David Matthews and Harper Blake were pursuing him as well, two players John didn’t really enjoying conversing with even when he was required to, the two of them far too snobbish and self-absorbed for him to get a word in most of the time. The fact that they were good mates of Wilkes didn’t come as much of a surprise. John swallowed as he spotted the four of them, slowing his pace to avoid a collision, and glancing up to fix Sebastian with a thorough glare.
Sherlock turned to him, a brow arched, the smile he’d worn after John’s comment still in place, amused and curious, a light pink hue dotting the high arches of his cheekbones, “Sorry?”
?” John gaped, laughing incredulously as they approached his locker, “How the hell do you cheat at Knots and bloody Crosses?”
“‘Course, if it was just a one-time thing for you, that’s fine too, yeah? I’m not trying to force anything, but I just wanted you to know you’re, you know, always welcome—”
, Sherlock concluded.
Two missed messages. Of
“Look, you either go through your life numb to every single good thing there is, or you live a little, meet amazing people, and suffer just a touch. I know I’d take the latter any day.”
His eyes still closed, Sherlock merely heard the shuffling of arms lifting quietly, and he instantly knew what they were doing.
“He does this thing,” Mike stated, cutting in through the chaos and redirecting John’s attention once more, “where he looks at you and instantly knows your life story.”
doing
Greg stepped forward, expression amusingly serious as he lifted an arm and let it rest across Molly’s shoulders, “Are they pretty serious or is it more of a one time round sort of deal?”
The reply was confident and to the point, an end to the conversation, a solid statement that left John entranced, that left him thinking, and reeling, and his heart clenching over the very fact that
“You won’t get anywhere by lying to yourself, you tit,” Irene sighed, rolling her eyes and taking another large sip of her colorful drink, red nails blending in with the bright red shade of the plastic cup, now half empty as she lifted it away from her lips. “Look,” She began, turning her body to stand directly in front of Sherlock, her hip jutting out, all curves and sharp edges, intimidatingly feminine, so much so that Sherlock nearly took a fleeting step backward. “Don’t wait around for John
Sherlock arched a brow, “I’m going to write about how idiotic the entirety of the story is.”
Haymitch scoffed and let out a swift grunt of annoyance, “Sweetheart, you don’t. There are never any best times or good times in the arena,” He glanced at Sherlock, gave him a once over, and then turned back to Molly, “You aren’t on any schedules and you have no control over what proceeds.”
John scoffed, “The video, genius.”
“I’m sorry, John,” Molly whined, grabbing at his forearm, “I swear I wasn’t pushy or anything.”
John H. Watson: I am literally among the stars, and infatuated by the moon.
“And you’re not?” Sherlock asked with an arched brow, lifting his chin in question as he walked beside the short boy.
And with that, the insect-like man was trudging away, wandering off to yell at a few other members and taking his ever-present whistle and clipboard with him.
Sherlock let out a soft chuckle as the blonde boy turned around and grinned his way, the answering clank of two mugs slamming against a counter serving as his answer, followed by the shrill voice of his older sister, “I already made bloody tea, you great twit!”
If Sherlock didn’t breathe anytime soon, he’d certainly pass out.
“Shit. I’m sorry,” He mumbled, knowing full well it wasn’t good for anything.
.’ “But it’s Italian and the food is incredible.”
Molly sighed and wrapped her arms shyly around herself, “I may have scared off John’s date.”
It was in that moment, watching John scribble out a rough draft in scratchy handwriting across the table, that Sherlock knew, or perhaps found the proper verification, just how very good of a man John Watson truly was. And, fuck it all, just how very little his heart would be able to keep up
, a friendship that was made stronger with blood.
“Yes,” Sherlock muttered, low and quiet, “Only once.”
-tronaut?”
“And they said he was boring; that his violin was antique and that classical music was music to go to sleep to.”
“You’re different,” John Watson admitted, that familiar, warm smile back on his face again, comforting and gentle, shivers shooting rapidly up Sherlock’s spine at the sight, twisting his gut with need, with desire.
“Absolute shite.”
“Weird skill,” Bill butted in.
book collection on the shelf near his desk and wanted John to be looking at it, admiring it. He even saw his bed and, much to his utter shame and red cheeks, wanted John to be lying across it, lying beside him, lying
“Right then, come on,” Greg beamed, scooting closer in interest,” What’d he deduce?”
“Do what?”
Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes. He'd heard of the kid - oh yes, he'd heard of him; he'd heard about how he could make a fool of someone in three seconds, expose their darkest secrets, point out every flaw that ever came to be throughout the whole of their depressingly short life. But seen him? Hardly. The boy was like a ghost - one minute he was floating past you in the hallway and the next he was gone, gone as though he'd simply vanished through one of the corridor walls. This, right here, was a rare moment in John Watson's life.
“Sebbo,” James laughed and clapped him on the back, Mike and Sebastian Moran doing the same, whilst Greg seemed thoroughly caught up in something on his mobile.
,” John chuckled, obviously attempting irritation but far too charmed by the hilarity of the situation. “I know how to cook,
John Watson had more power to hurt him than Sebastian Wilkes ever would.
Sure, maybe Sherlock had more intellect than the whole of them combined, but without physical strength, he was a dead man. Sure, he could shoot an arrow, and his aim was near perfect, but his skinny arms and legs would only take him so far before he would ultimately be gunned down, or pummeled into the ground.
“That’s exactly what I said,” John snorted, and then shrugged, “So, we scrapped the whole
: ho ho ho hoooooly balls
With a bit more determination, John nodded, moving steadily around Molly to continue her search while the two talked, fingers gliding past uninteresting garments, "I need to show him. Somehow, you know? That I'm not an arse, that I'm, I don't know, an average human being."
If he were a crier, and he wouldn’t tell anyone that he secretly was when no one was looking, Sherlock would've broken down in a sob right then and there — because here was this boy, John Watson, without anything to say except, ‘
: John Watson, you are ridiculous.
John wasn’t frowned upon because he preferred apples over strawberries. So why did it matter if Sherlock preferred boys over girls?
chair —
: that’s fucking cute
“Bathroom’s all yours,” John swallowed and gently reached for Sherlock’s hand, tugging him slightly forwards as he made for the bathroom door, watching as Sherlock frowned and pushed himself off the bathroom counter, ready to follow John wherever he led him, eyes narrowed and slightly unsure but expression trusting. The rugby captain pushed past his friend in the doorway and smiled shyly, lifting his unoccupied hand and patting Mike on the back, clearing his throat yet again, his stomach flipping once more as he stared at the dazed look on his friend’s red-cheeked face.
“The song that’s on,” John smirked and reached for the volume wheel, turning it quickly and beaming as the melody filled the car, Sherlock’s face flickering with recognition before even he let himself smirk, amused and bewildered all at once at the coincidence.
Sherlock gazed across the table at him, at his smaller, more comforting smile, his warm expression, that look of both pride and sincerity directed entirely on Sherlock, and the brunette felt his heart clenching in want, in need.
The small girl at his side shook her head and swallowed, looking everywhere but at John’s piercing expression, her hands fiddling nervously in front of her, one lifting to tuck a piece of synthetic hair behind her ear, “Nothing too terribly daunting, just that maybe he should tell you how he feels,” She caught herself and took a deep breath, “If - if he feels in some way
I do hope you like it, and if so please leave a comment of sorts? :)
thing wouldn’t be too bad after all.
: uh cuteness
Sherlock swallowed and turned away, glancing at the exit doors of the cafeteria and considering a swift escape before he faced John once more, stoic in his presence yet still uncertain as he cleared his throat.
John glared at her playfully before looking down at his feet and sighing, “I’m just in a difficult position, you know?”
, a chance to make something of his life.
Sherlock glared at her, his heart clenching in envy, his mind spiraling in a sudden, untamable anger for the woman taunting him — she was breathtakingly seductive, so much so that John surely would never choose him over her, with her long, wavy brown hair and red lipped smile and sharp, intelligent eyes.
Retweeted by John H. Watson
fucking the
Sherlock gasped with pleasure as he was rammed up against the book shelf, hands everywhere, touching him, grasping at him, lips on his throat and another body flush against his own. Fingers traveled from the back of Sherlock's neck all the way down his torso to his thighs, gripping and lifting, and he moaned as quiet as possible with all the overwhelming sensations, itching to be closer, to be bare of all clothing, but aware they were in the silent confines of a public library.
When John uttered the two words, Sherlock instantly turned back to look at him, realizing he wasn't apologizing for speaking again, with one brow arched irrevocably high and lips turned downwards in feigned confusion, “Whatever for?”
“We won,” John announced, only to inwardly scold himself for stating the obvious. He watched as Sherlock quirked a small smile and then dropped his gaze to his feet.
, and it was
John scoffed and sighed softly, glancing over at her before staring back down at his hands, dropping them lifelessly into his lap as he cleared his throat.
With another massive groan, John hid his face in his hands and huffed out an uneven breath, his eyes widening as he turned back to his friends, expression both irritated and worried, “
“Can I borrow your phone?” John asked, arching a brow and trying, desperately, to hold back his sneaky smirk.
“Why?” Sherlock squeaked out more than a little shyly, feeling slightly out of his depth, the kind of attention John’s videos normally received far different from his own, far more involved and devoted and considerably reliant on comedic and charismatic value. Why the bloody hell would people enjoy watching
John couldn’t decide whether to lift his brows in revelation to the boy’s apparent outward honesty or wince at the insult.
videos. His compositions, his dances, his covers. All of it.
murder me if she ever finds out I knew and didn’t tell her,” John added, leaning back and poking at a strange meaty substance atop his tray with the end of a plastic fork, shrugging his shoulders and trying with a lack of serious effort not to smile, “so if you’re willing to be a person of interest in a murder case, fine by me.”
Shaking his head, confused by his odd turn of thoughts, he took a deep breath and looked down at his mobile, having zoned out and completely missed Sherlock’s response.
“Sherlock,” John uttered, speaking softly, “Hey.”
Lady White @
“Or,” John smirked, mouth suddenly much nearer, “you secretly love Romeo and Juliet.”
Sherlock inched to pull away, turning and moving his back from atop the lockers, only to feel hands grip his shoulders and push him back against the metal, and he let out a sharp yelp, his heart plummeting to the bottom of his gut as he spotted the fisted hand at Seb’s side, simply aching to be thrown.
John scoffed and nodded, scowling at the floor and shaking his head, "Yeah, Wilkes thoroughly buggered that up for me."
“The usual,” Sherlock pressed, trying his best to hide his reluctance, “Homework, chores.”
He quickly clicked record on his camcorder, tapped the play button on his phone, and moved to the middle of the studio.
“And I just came by to tell you that I’m here; I’m only a phone call away, or a trip to the morgue, or a cab ride over,” She continued on, stumbling a bit over her words in her rush to get them out, “You need to talk to someone. Even if it’s not me. John would have —“
John scoffed, because
They told one another everything – well, mostly everything – and John found refuge in her more-than-willing-to-listen ears. They shared homework answers, favorite movies, shows, their songs of the week, and it was because of such that John was told all about
He smiled to himself and imagined John’s giggle, soft and warm and melodious and
“He’s my
“Sherlock, wait!” He called out and grabbed Sherlock’s shoulder, just as the boy placed his slender fingers on the flat’s front door handle.
John snorted and glanced up, spotting the curly-haired mop of hair just over the top of the old, roughed-up vehicle and rounding its scratched and slightly dented frame to reveal the tall figure of Sherlock Holmes, leaning back against the car’s window in his Converse, skinny jeans and tight-fitting, white button-down.
“For fuck’s sake, Sherlock,” John swallowed and lifted a hand towards Sherlock’s lips, yanking the cigarette from between them and holding it up to the heater, shaking his head in amused frustration, as Sherlock stared at him wide-eyed. “Try drying it off first, genius.”
John balked, his features lifting sky high, his eyes widening, his jaw popping open, the entirety of his position in the chair, still turned to Sherlock, seeming as though he forgot the camera was rolling, “You’re bloody joking.”
, he told himself.
a nickname,” Sholto grinned cheekily and Sebastian punched him in the arm with a sharp roll of his eyes. The group continued to snicker under their breaths, until James lifted a hand and placed in on John’s shoulder, smirking wide and bright, his eyes darting to Sherlock for a split second before fixating back on the rugby captain, sending the dancer’s heart frantic and mind erratic. He felt increasingly out of place, at this loud, ordinary party, around alcohol and dancing and sex, crowds of kids his own age swarming a small, neon lit basement.
“‘Course,” John nudged his shoulder playfully and shot him a soft wink, before the two of them continued sauntering onwards, John’s head held high whilst Sherlock kept his low, the occasional glance at the rugby captain beside him causing his heart to soar and his cheeks to heat.
“Sherlock,” John said, after he’d finished chewing his last forkful, “Have you ever been with anyone?”
“Thank you,” Sherlock uttered softly, lifting his eyes just a touch to catch sight of John’s proud expression, his ruffled dirty-blonde hair and blue eyes so compelling Sherlock had to keep himself from kissing the smirk right off of those lips.
“For God’s sake,” Sherlock snapped, shoving at the boy’s shoulders, “has the average mind forgotten how to
John chuckled as Sherlock playfully rolled his eyes, smirking over the music and shaking his head back and forth, body lost in the upbeat mirth of the song, and John thought he’d never seen Sherlock so sincerely happy, all the intensity in his features gone, merely a genuine smile on his face and a calm to his swaying figure.
“Tragic really.”
“He’s a part of you, Sherlock. You’re not a part of him,” John swallowed, and then paused, “Does that make any kind of sense?”
“Class’ll be over by the time I’m done answering
“Right,” He glanced upward to see Molly pulling her phone from her back pocket with a small, shy smile his way, a shoulder lifting as she shrugged, “I’ll order you takeout.”
“I believe it’s Doctor Watson,” The rugby captain winked, “
He lifted his eyes once more to the blonde, admiring the way he laughed, white teeth revealed as he continued to be undefeated, smirking and seemingly saying something witty as Sholto downed a cup of ale and Moran giggled wildly. He was beautiful, always so
. No one could. John would tell his friends, his friends would tell the entirety of school and soon social media would be enlightened to his true identity; the very thought was his worst nightmare.
God, he was a
And when he got cozy under his bed covers, body exhausted and mind officially worn out, he saw a small message notification appear atop his mobile screen.
, but the effort had been futile. John was there, John was here, John was every bloody where and it was driving Sherlock insane.
He glanced up and over at the slender boy, sitting upright in his seat, attention fixated on the book in front of him, clad in yet another oversized, hooded sweatshirt and his usual adoration for black skinny jeans. Frankly, to John, he looked adorable, sitting there with his curls shaped as they usually were, with the exception of a loose ringlet resting against his forehead, contrasting effortlessly with the paleness of his flawless complexion. John swallowed the knot in his throat as his heart swelled with an overwhelming need to protect, to be gentle with the boy, to be nothing but honest and kind and sweet to the tall, thin figure he was so seemingly fond of, when he’d only known him for a mere short time.
Sherlock smiled sadly to himself and shook his head, moving instead to shove his phone away and grab for his tights, wearily wondering to himself, as he walked towards the studio’s small bathroom to change, if John truly meant that.
So sorry again for the waits. The past few wigs have been hellish and terribly busy.
Sherlock didn’t say anything.
: if you don’t tweet within an hour, I’m calling the police
Everything was grey. It seemed John had taken color with him too.
” thing? He was an idiot, a bloody moron, a right —
,” his mother whimpered beside him, reaching over and wrapping her slender arms around his shoulders, laying a gentle hand in his hair, her body warm and soft and motherly and he felt that all too familiar pang in his chest at the thought of leaving her and his sister alone in their little house back home.
“Hey,” John smiled through the rain, “Don’t you
“We saw Mike,” Molly giggled, “Met his new lady. Quite a looker, that one.”
Victor stormed over to the bed and shoved at his shoulder, rough and careless, so that Sherlock was no longer on his side, lying flat on his back instead, at full attention, his eyes opening slowly and twisting into a glare, the bright haired blonde above him snapping out, “But someone bloody could’ve.”
And there it was — or there it
chair, of
“You came,” John beamed, running a hand through his short, dirty blonde hair.
“You’ve seen me,” John added as they made their way out the doors, “in
“Why?”
“Clearly you’re aware it’s a secret,” Sherlock stated as calmly as he could possibly manage.
. John was a fan of
Bunny @
: so fucking cute, who is this mysterious new friend
With a quick ruffle of his hair, she was shooting back out the car’s passenger door and disappearing behind its solid form, leaving John sat on his own in the silent serenity of the motionless car. Swallowing thickly and finding a boost of bold strength hidden beneath all his nervous excitement, John yanked his phone out from his back pocket and tapped the screen, scrolling through his apps until he found his messages.
Victor grabbed his shoulders and slammed him harder against the shelves with a snarl, the thick, pointy edges of wood digging into Sherlock's shoulder blades, "Shut the fuck up, Sher. You know the rules."
She reached back to tie her hair in a small bun and then came to a stop right beside John, placing an arm around his shoulders and shooting him a comforting half-smile, “Excited?”
And John was nice to him. Actually nice. Friendly, polite.
“Maybe,” Sherlock added and timidly glanced down at his hands, chewing on his bottom lip to hold back an even wider grin.
Sherlock cleared his throat and risked a glance over at the blonde boy behind him, taking in the wrinkles between his brows, angry lines that spoke of both irritation and hidden desire as Victor stood there, still as a statue, upper body bare, and jaw clenched tight.
Sherlock nodded at him, before smirking and allowing himself a short chuckle. He clicked his seatbelt off and shook his head, turning back to the building and shrugging a single shoulder, “I like it.”
. His eyes were on the floor and his head was ducked and his body was closed in, expression curved down at every angle, a hand lifting to ruffle his hair before dropping once more, resigned and disappointed.
Turning away from the boy, Sherlock pressed his back against the counter and hummed to himself, biting his lip and toying with an idea in his head. He obviously knew already — hell, he’d met Harry’s girlfriend. But, clearly, John was ashamed of how his father saw things, and Sherlock took it as a sign to be honest, to be open, to slowly admit something small but important, something he wasn’t sure John knew yet or not, what with how many people spread it about the school as though it were their secret to tell.
, Seb,” John growled, his hands clenching into fists at his side.
bother me though,” he continued, “is Seb treating you like dirt.”
“Not yet,” John sighed and pursed his lips, “I think I will soon, though. If I grow the balls to.”
“You know,” John shrugged, rolling his eyes at her, “How I feel. About him.”
But when the door opened and Molly Hooper stood in her oversized yellow jumper and her multicolored, and horribly patterned, trousers, Sherlock couldn’t keep from frowning, a brow arched with inward surprise, before he berated himself for not deducing the proper guest, gate and walking pace having been startlingly obvious.
John shrugged once more, “Then at least he’d have died fighting for something important.”
“Look, you either go through your life numb to every single good thing there is, or you live a little, meet amazing people, and suffer just a touch. I know I’d take the latter any day.”
The Accordion singing alongside it.
, if he were to reveal to the public he and
“You’re supposed to heat it up, genius,” She teased carefully, patting him on the shoulder with a delicate hand before turning to the microwave, grabbing the handle and pulling — only to freeze, blink, and turn back to him with furrowed brows. “Do I
"But really, Molly," He laughed exhaustedly, "any ideas?"
"What do you mean?" That deep baritone asked and John instantly shrugged once more, feeling far more nervous now than before.
Sherlock opened his eyes, blinked, and reached for his phone.
” so that she wouldn't have to awkwardly flounce and swoon over some other random boy in the room - of course, he’d openly refused and she’d gotten stuck with Philip Anderson.
Sherlock swallowed, eagerly trying to gather his thoughts, his mind replaying all the times
I lost my best friend in the past few weeks, and it has been incredibly hard for me to carry on without her.
Sherlock nodded instantly, shutting his eyes and swallowing, letting out a shaky, “Yes.”
“Friends ask regardless,” He added, beaming at his passenger, heart swelling as Sherlock’s cheeks fell pink and he quickly turned away, a hand ruffling his already messy curls.
“They’re more than just
They were simply there and untouched. He wasn’t sure whether or not to cry them out, punch them out, scream them out. He was lost in his own feelings, his own mind, and it was near impossible to simply ignore them, thought he desperately, desperately tried. He’d called Mycroft every insulting name under the sun, things his mother would slap him for, but Mycroft had simply laughed it off, nose in the air, ginger hair combed back to perfection, badge shiny and gold.
“But really,” He took a deep breath and watched Sherlock cautiously, as though he were a frightened cat John had to approach with utter care and soft words.
“Do you know that?” His uncle snapped again, yanking Sherlock to the side in one solid pull.
“I do loathe repeating myself,” Sherlock uttered bitterly, trying again, desperately, to yank his throbbing wrist from its brutal confines.
Sherlock blinked and bit his lip thoughtfully, sighing to himself before turning back to his screen just as another message came through, popping up unexpectedly in the chat box; a small grey bubble, mundane font of the worded text black in hue.
“It’s nicer,” He heard Sherlock mumble gently.
John nodded and smiled, “My parents used to take Harry and I here a lot when we were younger. Almost every other week, honestly.”
“Who’s going then?”
: NO WAY, THE SHIPPING BEGINS
“Christ, I’m
, voice laced with a gentle comfort that so thoroughly crawls beneath his skin he wants to grip tight to his hand and ask him to stay.
“I’m, sorry, just—“ John shut his eyes a moment, gulped, and then gazed at Sherlock once more, expression stronger, features lifted in question, “Did Seb do that?”
John let out a strained laugh and nodded, “I’ll be fine, Mum. Swear it.” He hugged her once more, planting a small kiss to her cheek before pulling away with a sigh, taking a moment to glance around his small dorm, taking in the white barren walls, the hideously large dresser, the empty form of his closet.
having sex, Molls.”
He just couldn't - his dad would forever look down on him as the worst son in history and his friends would torment him until the day he graduated. He’d seen how bad it was for Harry; he wasn't sure if he could ever face the threat of it.
to Sherlock he could hardly think straight.
LuLu @
might be. It was all a lot to handle and, truly, he just needed a day to sort himself, and everything else, out.
Sherlock had confirmed the answer to his question with a solid nod of his head.
"Oh, I -" He began and John arched a brow, admiring the deep nature of his baritone, rumbling thickly with every syllable, "I didn't know anyone was -" The boy paused, swallowed, glanced down at his hands, one fiddling with a corner of his phone case, and shook his head, turning around swiftly, obviously in pursuit of the exit.
But before he could feel the sharp jabbing of Wilkes’ trainers, he heard a sharp voice call out Sebastian’s name from the end of the hallway and footsteps slamming agains the ground in a sprint, angry and outraged as they approached. He lifted his head and his eyes fell into the ocean, blue fixed on his lanky figure, as the dirty-blonde stepped around him and into his enemy’s face, John Watson’s strong, capable hands shoving Seb backwards, the dark haired bully gazing up at him with amused surprise.
I recently got a job at Disney and have been crazy busy, working full-time because of it. As well as managing my Youtube channel and trying to live a little bit of a life outside of my career and college work. <3
Greg rolled his eyes and chucked a kernel of leftover corn at Carl’s face, “He’s is not, you tit. He’s just clever.”
The high-pitched whirr of the coach’s whistle jogged him from his glaring, knocking all of the boys into action, leaping to their feet and beginning to spread out across the field as the Roach barked orders their way. John jogged to where he needed to be and gazed out at his teammates, suddenly loathing them all, suddenly wishing he were anywhere else but here. And, even as things were kicked into gear and the drill began, John continued to gaze with a look of resentment until, before he knew it, he had a face full of bad breath and fuzzy mustache.
Comments (134)…
Greg lifted a finger at him in agreement, and snatched up his milk carton for a sip, “Bent as a nine-bob note, if you ask me. The lot of them.”
Enjoy my lovely readers. I hope I still have you all here with me.
Sherlock smirked a little wider, his eyes lifting to latch on to his teacher’s own as he swallowed and cleared his throat, “No sir. Nothing whatsoever.”
. I don’t need to
None of it mattered anymore, couldn’t they see?
Sherlock cleared the frog from his throat, blinked away the initial shock of John’s question, hunched a bit in his seat and then glanced over at the blonde warily, “Why?”
, something
John quirked a smile.
John blinked, frowned and then instantly felt as his jaw dropped in awe. Christ, his sister loved that stuff, especially their signature popcorn butter and caramel supreme — they were known for their insanely ridiculous flavors, and were quite popular over the entirety of the United Kingdom; even more so in the United States, Americans crazy for odd mixtures and bizarre combinations.
, listening to
John ducked his head and pursed his lips, running the information through his mind with frazzled perplexity. The boy — Sherlock — had seemed entirely intriguing to John, and yes, a touch rude, but not crazy. Nor freakish. Sherlock seemed both charming, yet untamable, terrifying yet graceful, sharp yet soft at the edges, so many different things in one, hidden behind unreadable eyes and chocolate curls.
Something intense. Something different.
Victor grabbed at his hand, yanking him back against his firm chest and laying a sloppy kiss to his lips, growling against Sherlock’s mouth, hands running down his torso, stroking his arms, caressing his waist.
anything. Frankly, it was impossible for him to stay
Harriet turned to him, her jaw hanging open in mock outrage, “John Watson, I hope you burn your tongue on that tea.”
It had been a while since something like this had happened — it had been kept at bay, kept at simple name calling in the halls, arbitrary shoves in the corridors. But this, this amount of aggression, of anger, hadn’t been thrust upon him in quite some time.
He glanced over at his phone, the device vibrating and portraying Molly’s caller ID, and smiled.
“Hi,” John breathed back, chuckling softly and eyeing Sherlock, his gaze traveling from the boy’s gelled back curls, over his heavy makeup and white freckles, passed his black sweater with the giant white star on it, across his charcoal skinny jeans, and down to his, even darker in shade, combat boots.
“Nothing,” Sherlock uttered, clearing his throat and sitting up a little straighter.
: it SLAPS my ass so hard
Now, he was sitting outside in the cold breeze of an approaching storm, the air damp, the music from the basement below a dull pounding from behind him, his limbs aching, his head throbbing, his heart twisting, and his thoughts degrading him for even thinking the entirety of this night out was a good idea. Did he really think he could be normal? Go out on a so-called date with a boy he was harboring a dangerously strong crush for and come out unscathed?
“I told you I would,” Sherlock’s deep baritone muttered, softly and quietly, rumbling deep in his throat and, out of his control, sending shivers up and down John’s spine.
“We could put up a sign or whatever that says,
And with that, he was walking as quickly as he could out of the cafeteria, bursting through the doors and reaching into his sweatshirt pocket, shoving his headphones back into his ears and trying desperately to forget about his interaction with one
“Mind the mess,” John chuckled and extended a hand kindly, inviting Sherlock inside as he slowly closed the door behind them.
Beaming, John shot her a nod and then followed with a shake of his head, mind spinning as he thought of where to start, thought of what to say, what to tell her, how to tell her. There was so much he could say and yet so little came to mind, so he simply settled on voicing his inner conflict, on just what was tormenting the internal workings of his mind.
,” John spat out, jaw clenched.
’ for allowing him to use her studio, send her small portions of his original dances, sometimes by email or on a disc in the mail, seeing as how Ms. Hudson wasn't exactly a very tech-savvy human being.
TW: drug use
“I like you too,” Effie added from across the room, giggling quietly to herself.
She fumbled with her purse some more, fingers twisting the small cat key chain attached to its zipper, “That is — I didn’t want to knock. And—and wake you.”
Glancing back over at the dance studio, blinds drawn across the windows, a small wooden door marking the entrance to the room, John hummed and let out a soft chuckle.
I will make you regret it, do I make myself clear?”
, interesting.
John glanced up at her, eyes narrowed as he watched her strangely innocent movements, the soft, harmless tone of her voice as she asked her
John seemed to come to his senses immediately and with a sharp inhale, he nodded and bit his lip, his palm flailing rapidly in a directing gesture, “Down the hall, on your left.”
The sent the couple before him into a fit of high-pitched giggles, and John’s heart surged with pride when he turned to see Sherlock chuckling softly as well, his laughter silent and small, a hand lifted to cover his mouth, his demeanor shy and insecure yet, to John, utterly breathtaking.
Beeface for days @
But here it is! I won't keep you waiting with lame excuses so voila! Enjoy Radar!
“Simplify the question,” Sherlock stated, finally meeting John’s eyes, very clearly just as amused by the conversation as John was.
“Hey,” John breathed softly, inching a bit closer to him and nodding his head carefully, comfortingly, “Relax. It’s okay, I
He sighed happily as a check mark turned green and he added yet another daily video to his channel, grinning as he stared at the small, red rectangle that portrayed, in a large, white font: 10,033. Never did he think so many people would find him,
What he couldn’t do, however, is say goodbye to the only family he had left.
“I do not
He listened to the lot of them chatting amongst themselves, walking around and past the collection of gym lockers with ease, voices loud and irritating, echoing in the enclosed space.
Mycroft grabbed his arm, whirling his entire body to face him, his eyes sharp and serious, beating into Sherlock's shocked gaze. "It isn't meant to symbolize sentiment, Sherlock," His older brother told him, his features falling to form a look of utter rage and fury, "It's to pose as a reminder."
: still so hyped about that little shoutout vid @
“Yeah,” John chuckled, shrugging his shoulders and readjusting his duffle bag, glancing downwards and mindlessly using his cleats to kick at an unrooted chunk of grass, “like grab a bite, or something.”
Emily Jacobs @
“Um, yeah. Yes. God, yes. He’s incredible.”
“It can be,” John finally met his eyes, “but he rings round every once in a while. Mostly on weekends.”
He heard shuffling and assumed Molly was nodding, too overwhelmed to actually reply. With his wide smile still intact, John ended the call and returned to his computer, gazing at the words directed toward him with pure bliss; contact. Actual social contact. Molly had been commenting on the anonymous dancer’s videos since the beginning and yet he’d never respond - not once. Not even a simple,
,” John snorted, “You would’ve caved eventually.” The rugby captain turned to Sherlock and flashed a wink, “You wouldn't have been able to resist my good looks and charms.”
John threw back his head in laughter, tears at the corners of his navy eyes as the boy’s around him cried out in amusement and glee, each of them riddled with giggles, cards long forgotten, food only half-touched.
John let out a soft laugh, voice shaky as he spoke, “That you are.” He paused, clearing his throat, eyes fixed on Sherlock’s star-like freckles, “I’m an astronaut.”
40,746
He didn’t.
“Fine.”
He approached Sherlock with a warm smile, the anger slipping from his face within moments of watching Sherlock’s lips quirk upward in a half-smirk, all bright eyed and pleased that John had returned to him.
“Wilkes pissed?” John asked, swallowing thickly as Greg sat beside him, leaning his elbows on his knees and hunching over.
With that, the dancer shoved his phone back into his pocket and hugged his cold arms to his chest, closing his eyes and listening as the pitter patter of light rain began to fall around him, his body on the very edge of the porch, covered enough to remain dry but far enough forwards to feel the tiny droplets tap against his cheeks as the wind carried them through the air. He fell into his mind, the silence of the outdoor world surrounding him just enough to carry him away, his thoughts calming only slightly and the tremble in his finger subsiding. It was because of this that he didn’t hear the quiet click of the front entrance door behind him opening then closing nor the light thump of footsteps as a body dropped down beside him. It was only when he began to feel the warmth of another being that his eyes flew open and he turned to meet that ocean, staring back at him with fascination, skin crinkled at the sides in mirth, and those pink lips raised in a half smile. Why was he so bloody
“Hello, git,” Harriet smirked and sauntered closer, punching John lightly in the shoulder whilst her eyes remained on Sherlock, judging and careful, dropping from the curls atop his head to the ends of his old, tattered Converse — and Sherlock would be lying if he said he didn’t feel the least bit intimidated; hell, he couldn’t imagine what she must think of him: his eyes smattered in a yellowing bruise, his lip split at one end, his complexion pale, his hair ruffled beyond saving.
He felt John sigh happily at the movement, and Sherlock shivered as he nipped at the dancer’s bottom lip. Everything was slippery and wet and cold and incredibly
“What the hell am I gonna wear as a costume?” He scoffed, staring at his wardrobe and reaching forwards to shuffle through the many hanging garments, desperately searching for anything remotely spaced themed.
Mycroft blinked, swallowed, and nodded his head, turning his back to his little brother as he took a few steps forward, sauntering toward the exit.
“More or less”
“You were on his radar, but you weren’t his bloody
He was distracted, off course, unnerved, unsettled, erratic, unsteady – he couldn’t bloody concentrate and whether that was simply because his mind just liked to watch him suffer, or his transport needed sustenance, or because a certain someone was on his mind he would never know. But he was, in fact, worried that, for the most part, he leaned toward the latter.
at the time. Christ, he was helpless.
John snorted, “You didn’t.”
John carefully took the phone with a bob of his head and a smile and quickly started it up, following through with his ingenious plan, before handing the cell back and grinning openly, grabbing for his backpack and getting to his feet, leaving his tray but grabbing his half-eaten apple.
was the one saying it to him.
“No, mate,” He sighed and shook his head, “you’d be the first to know if I did, alright?”
“Is it okay if Molly and Greg sit with us today?” John beamed, cocking his head over at the two, shrugging his shoulders lightly and waiting patiently for Sherlock’s response, as though he were truly trying to make sure it was okay. Something about that very look sent Sherlock nodding, swallowing the knot in his throat and observing as Greg and Molly reacted pleasantly to the answer, continuing to tuck into their meals with ease, the smiles across their features genuine.
He was so invested in the every intense sensation, his skin tingling, his body floating, his mind blank aside from every thought of Sherlock, that he didn’t hear the way the door was flung open until it was too late, the intruder stepping forward and into the bathroom before freezing upon the sight of them. John’s eyes flew open in surprise and he flew backwards, hands sliding off of Sherlock’s hips and lips parting, pressing himself back up against the wall and leaving Sherlock leaning, shell-shocked, against the bathroom counter. The rugby captain turned to see the pudgy, entirely wide-eyed form of Mike Stamford, a red cup of something presumably alcoholic clenched in his palm, the blowup pink alien still tucked underneath his opposite arm, face blank and, if personified, unamused.
himself.
John held back a scoff, smirking a little at his friend’s response and sighing softly, turning away from the screen for a moment to stare blankly ahead.
; he was
Sherlock had turned and shaken his head, lifting the violin out of its home and plucking a few errant strings, “It’s all a nonsensical display of human sentiment that if not having existed in the first place wouldn’t have even brought on any sort of grief at all.”
“Come on then,” John chuckled lightly, not looking away from the task before him, “Ask.”
Usually, he had quite the skill for lying, and this was no exception.
“Yes,” Sherlock answered, shrugging his shoulders, “Blue. Enormously
Most of the time, he would wake before Mycroft or his mother. He’d get dressed in something old and tattered, and then, with Redbeard at his heels, he would sprint out of the house and into the fresh, cool breeze of the early morning. He would stroll with Redbeard through the gloomy atmosphere of a silent village, listening as the people of District Twelve slowly woke, opening their windows, making their way to work, some heading toward the mines and some to the bakeries or markets. Sherlock merely observed – what they wore, how they walked, their expressions, their voices. And Redbeard stayed beside him while he did, his head right below Sherlock’s hovering hand, brushing against him every so often as if to tell his owner that he was still there, that he wasn’t going anywhere.
He swelled with utter joy when Sherlock nodded in response, bending down to sit with his back against the tree, hugging his knees to his chest and biting his lip, before softly mumbling, “Break a leg.”
“I watch you all the time,” John whispered into the quiet, “
“Hello,” Sherlock nodded politely before turning away once more and facing the stairs, eager to leave the conversation there, unwilling to cause anymore attention towards their position, towards
“Not much, I know,” John scoffed to himself, and Sherlock glanced over to his see his cheeks tinging red in what seemed to be embarrassment as he ran a hand over the back of his neck and forced the car into park. “But Mum’s a nurse and my sister’s a barista, so. You know,” He laughed and beamed at Sherlock, ever the same warm, kind, gentle expression Sherlock had come to swoon over.
John H. Watson: I may or may not have a date tonight.
Sherlock almost laughed at his words, but kept his amusement to a minimum – judging by the terrified look on Molly’s face, now would not be a good time to giggle. So instead, Sherlock glanced away from the exchange and back out the window, figuring that if Haymitch wouldn’t be of any help, what was the point of paying attention any longer?
Sherlock nodded, moving to leave, his limbs weak as he moved to pull the door closed, but a sudden flash of movement stopped him and he turned to find Sebastian Moran in his face, glaring his way with furrowed brows and a frightened scowl.
Froggy @johnisbaesobye: losing my fucking mind ha
But John, himself, couldn't afford to be gay - or anything else for that matter.
Victoria @
Greg chuckled and stood as well, grabbing for his own bag and shooting both John and Sherlock a short wink as he readjusted the strap and made his own way towards his next class.
And then Sherlock was being rushed through the main doors of the Hall of Justice, Molly beside him, pushed by Peacekeepers, his entire being moving like a zombie, unaware, too overcome by shock and despair and anger.
— narrowed his eyes and grabbed lightly to Sherlock’s upper arm, holding it softly and preventing his leave, titling his head in confusion as he gazed thoughtfully at Sherlock’s blank expression.
“You can be in it, you know,” John stated firmly, spinning around in his chair and smiling easily his way, expression seemingly nervous with some sort of hidden desire, some sort of want for whatever he was referring to.
— pleased with himself. The walls in Baker’s Private School were thin, far too thin for comfort, and his last neighbor had endured a psychotic break
: oh snap what you been doing then Johnny
. He breathed, far too rapidly. He lifted a hand to his curls, gripped at them, pulled, yanked them outwards, gasped and groaned and shook and trembled and let his expression crumble, liquid emotion slipping from the corners of his eyes and down his cheeks, obvious and vulnerable and loathsome and his humming came to a grinding halt, didn’t continue until he blinked the tears away and spotted John’s empty chair.
was in fact Sherlock bloody Holmes. And it should have been obvious — who else could be
“Alright boys,” John announced, gaining the attention of each of his teammates, their eyes flicking to him loyally, smiles in place and bodies practically trembling with eager excitement. “We’re going to go out there and kick rugby arse, yeah?”
“Maybe I just got tired of hearing you
Please enjoy Out of this World, and leave a comment maybe?
And so, he’d been right and properly banned from strolling about anywhere near the property on Sunday’s, exiled from his own home, and he didn’t overly mind; hell, he ought to be thankful toward his uncle — far worse could happen if he managed to find himself in a room alone with Charles Augustus Magnusson. However, it still didn’t change the fact that finding something to do was far more tricky than he’d like. Most Sunday’s he’d sit in the small coffee shop near Baker until it closed, or he’d find a studio to rent out or hijack for the time being, or he’d merely sit in the park, deducing people and smoking cigarettes till he finished the pack and there were no longer any people to deduce.
“Morning,” that soft voice mumbled with a happy sigh, sticky with the aftermath of a languid slumber.
IMPORTANT!*
” tackling Sebastian Wilkes to the ground,
“Look,” She stated, voice hushed and sincere, “It’s okay to not be okay, yeah?”
Mycroft remained unseen, but Sherlock didn’t doubt he was keeping a watchful eye.
Sherlock swallowed the knot blooming in his throat and stared down at the ground as they sauntered on, a smile causing his lips to curve upwards and his cheeks to redden with embarrassment.
He watched as the ellipsis at the bottom of the screen danced to signify John currently forming a response, the three dots teasing him as they shook in their gray hue.
Sherlock blushed and huddled deeper into the covers, his heart swelling, the loud shouting from the television downstairs now simply a muted, dull noise, John’s texts far too distracting —
Sherlock scoffed.
The clothes he was given to wear to the reaping were ridiculous. They were itchy, and plain, and painfully dull, and he hated Mycroft for laying them out for him.
He wasn’t wrong.
Molly groaned and sat up a little straighter, tucking a strand of her chestnut hair behind her ear and shrugging her shoulders, rolling her eyes up at the ceiling before stating, “Halfway done but positively miserable.”
When the silence became nearly overpowering, Haymitch sighed and looked away from Sherlock, instead choosing to turn to both of his tributes, his hands outstretched as he started up yet another conversation.
, he couldn’t. He wouldn't. This was the only friend he’d probably ever have, and he was perfect — beautiful to look at, the only person Sherlock ever wanted in his presence, close to him, chatting with him — and Sherlock needed to try his best
“Just,” He inhaled shakily, “shut up.”
The two of them laughed softly, ducking their heads as their cheeks reddened with mirth, the bliss of merely spending a few minutes of their time with each other brightening their features and tugging at the corners of their lips. When they finally reached the counter, John turned to the now silent brunette beside him and shot the boy a warm look, eyes soft and beam gentle.
,” Sherlock allowed himself a soft chuckle, shaking his head in admiration, watching as the blonde boy before him pressed on.
“My comments are going berserk,” John snorted, shaking his head, “and my twitter notifications are through the roof. Honestly, Sherlock, they bloody
John gazed back at him, brows raised and eyes wide at the sentiment, his heart clenching at the words, and his lips lifting at their corners in utter, pure bliss.
“Right, shut up lads,” John snapped, half amused and half annoyed – or so he appeared to Sherlock – as he glared at his friends, a frown dawning on his features and creasing the soft skin between his brows, “None of you have even given him a listen.”
determined to send him away? Why did it hurt
Stupid body, stupid survival instincts, stupid oxygen, stupid breathing. It was all stupid, all of it.
blue, he could see their brightness from where he sat. John Watson —
Sherlock continued to listen even as the door to the train car opened yet again, high-heeled shoes clip-clopping across the linoleum signifying Effie’s presence among them.
him? Truly and properly
“What? Sally Donovan?”
John bit the inside of his cheek in mirth.
John looked directly at him, expression serious and unmoving, features fixed and focused.
Greg lifted his head to stare with John and shrugged, “Dunno. Maybe she forgot? I mean, she is
Sherlock soared through the air.
"Hang on," Molly interrupted, giggling to herself, "He's a fan? Of
He jolted awake from his thoughts as he felt John shift beside him, heart leaping about in his chest as he turned back to that face, watching as those eyes slowly opened, led along by the fluttering form of long, black eyelashes, a dark frame around an array of sleepy blue.
The rest of the trip continued that way, John singing along to
John had froze, lifted his head, and stared directly at Sherlock, where he stood beside the window, “So, you’re saying, don’t feel in the first place and you won’t have anything to worry about, yeah?”
Before he disappeared behind the door the Peacekeeper was impatiently holding open, Mycroft glanced over his shoulder and murmured, “Remember what I told you earlier.” And then his eyes dropped once to the hand Sherlock had tucked away in his pocket, bronze bee held tight within his fist, before he was ushered out the door by the man in white.
"Too loud," he began, shaking his head and biting his lip, getting to his feet and running a hand swiftly through his hair, "I wouldn't go with red. Try something yellow, maybe? Yellow fits you."
“You, mate,” Wilkes scoffed, grabbing for his water bottle and leaning against a row of lockers, arrogance laced into every curve of his figure, “smiling down at your phone all doe-eyed.”
He caught his balance on the white bathroom wall and looked up, glare in place, ready to snap some arduous insult and be on his way, only to freeze on the spot, John Watson standing there, blue eyes apologetically wide as he lifted his hands in a playful surrender.
Wolfgirl @
“I’m absolute shite at explaining these kinds of things but,” John shrugged and turned back to face the ceiling, shutting his eyes and smiling, warm and genuine, “for some reason, now, everything seems even more surreal, even more magical.”
“Do you mind if I start editing?” John asked, interrupting Sherlock’s self-deprecating thoughts as though he somehow knew as much, and plopped down into his desk chair with ease, beaming over his shoulder.
John blanched, and lifted his palms to his face, covering the wincing of his embarrassed features, “Christ, Molly.”
“Oi, don’t insult me! I didn’t even say anything,” Bill snapped out, hands lifting in faux surrender.
And he never let anyone in, never let anyone read it nor even sneak a glance.
John clicked it and watched as the screen remained black but for a few white words that fluttered across the screen:
“Clara’s coming over later,” She snipped, heading back toward the door.
Mike looked sheepish.
The shriek that followed his announcement was so loud he practically had to remove the phone from his ear, holding it back a few inches to wait out the scream, before bringing it nearer again, laughing loudly as he listened to Molly’s scrambling on the other end.
“Themed?”
“I’ve seen what he does, heard what he says and I just want to make sure you,” the boy swallowed thickly and sighed, “you
“And then there’s your
On a normal day, Sherlock Holmes would roll his eyes when he saw her rosy cheeks, her, practically, glowing hazel eyes, and her perfectly pulled back, brown ponytail. But today? Today, he could tolerate her. He wanted to tolerate her, because Molly Hooper was the same age as he, and Molly Hooper would be going to the reaping too. And Molly Hooper's name could be drawn and he'd never see her again, besides the occasional glimpse throughout scenes that would flicker seemingly endlessly across a wide screen hologram, entertaining the Capitol. And – little thing like her – he'd probably be watching her die.
’ but he assumed it most definitely wasn’t a pleasant experience.
him, lying
“Ballet and violin,” John replied, shrugging a shoulder and swallowing the knot in his throat, “and he composes.”
Thank you all for continuing to stick by me.
Leslie West @
. In the end, this silly infatuation would simply, for lack of a gentler term, “fuck him
And suddenly Sherlock realized that John was talking and yet he wasn’t listening — he couldn’t listen. He was far too consumed by all that this boy was, this rugby captain, this vlogger, this wonderfully loyal friend and brother and son; John Watson was a
John sighed and shook his head, looking down and swallowing, “Not yet, Molls.”
"Ms. Hudson," Sherlock smiled tiredly, humming and standing once more, stepping forward as the woman advanced on him, arms extended fondly as she reached out to pull Sherlock into a hug.
kitchen cabinet.
serious.”
Molly was positively glowing, hair flying forwards along with her as she animatedly answered, “
“So, how do I know when the best time to light a fire is?” The young girl asked, frowning as she watched their mentor slowly chew his food, his eyelids heavy and hair a mess.
“Hi, I’m Molly. Molly Hooper,” She began, so enthusiastically it made Sherlock’s stomach hurt.
Sherlock glanced up with open eyes, the strange nature of their color swarming in both confusion and uncertainty before he inhaled sharply and shook his head, running a hand through his curls, “I can’t.”
: Damn okay now I have a crush on two guys
John nodded.
Deep down he knew Sherlock’s attending was an entirely big deal — Sherlock never attended anything, at least nothing he knew of. He never went to any plays, any dances, any sports matches, any family fun nights — from what John had observed, Sherlock definitely didn’t like people, and he most definitely didn’t like crowds of them, and yet, for some unknown reason, he had accepted John’s invite. The thought brought a nervous smile to his face as he yanked on his jersey, the thin material sweeping down over his toned stomach and blending with the matching colors of his rugby shorts.
He’d heard John scoff, his back now turned to the army doctor sat in his little, red armchair.
It was Redbeard who greeted him first when he stumbled into his bedroom, slamming the door behind him, and tossing his tattered backpack onto his uncomfortably small cot. The Irish setter placed his paws on his knees and attempted to climb him like a tree as he struggled to stay balanced. He chuckled and smiled down at his best friend, the only one he had, and kneeled to his level, scratching beneath his chin and behind his ears. He'd found the dog at a young age, skinny and scrawny, bones revealing themselves in places they shouldn't, hungry and weak and a bag of molting fur. He had taken him in, cared for him, much to his family's disapproval, even applying for tesserae a few times to help ensure that the dog would eventually grow stronger, in secret of course. The setter had become family to him and he spent more time in Redbeard's company, than the company of his own kind.
“Hello, mate,” He said, patting Lestrade on the shoulder but not stopping, knowingly carrying on as he felt Lestrade’s stumpy figure beside him, the two of them heading towards Baker’s front entrance.
. He’d definitely be dancing to this.
John shrugged a shoulder, face guarded and arm falling heavier on Sherlock’s shoulders, as though grounding him, keeping him from moving away from his side — not that Sherlock would dream of it anyway.
, that had shown him, in one simple moment, that he wouldn’t belittle him, that he wouldn’t
“Like, looks at you and picks up on all these creepy details,” Bill stated, finally becoming a proper part of the conversation.
“So many excuses,” John huffed playfully, eyeing the boy with a careful, gentle expression and observing as his entire face lifted in an amused smile, his eyes downcast as he realized he wasn't fooling anyone, and certainly not John.
: hello can y’all date
— he should’ve been able to deduce the fact, easily; instead he’d gotten himself worked up over a threat that wasn’t even there. John really
drive me home.”
John glanced up for only a moment, taking his the sour-faced boy, before he stared down at his lonely grilled cheese and oddly shaped apple, trying his best to ignore the disgusting mouth of someone he unfortunately was forced to share his space with.
“Good for you princess, but that’s a good way to get yourself killed.”
, Sherlock swallowed, shutting his eyes for a moment,
Sherlock scoffed down at his phone, shaking his head and glancing up from his lonely lunch table, tucked away in his favorite corner, to see John standing in the line for food, his phone in hand as he waited on the students before him.
They smiled at one another for a moment before John pressed on.
He took a large gulp of his coffee and then placed the now empty cup on the table once more, “You get them to like you: you get Sponsors. Understood?”
He took a deep breath, his eyes running up and over the chair before him, antique and faded, red shade losing contrast, losing vibrancy, Union Jack pillow left forgotten atop it, silent and still, unused, untouched, and so very familiar it made Sherlock’s heart clench and his blood run cold. Everything was a reminder, everything in 221b was telling of whom used to reside there, of whom Sherlock used to share his every space, every word, every movement with — John Watson was in the walls, in the floorboards, in the furniture and the stained carpet, and the cracked kitchen counter, the wooden kitchen table, the half-broken barstools.
Sherlock held his breath, swallowed thickly, and murmured, “It’s okay.”
The figment of his best friend gazed at him, “No more, yeah?” A finger was lifted, gesturing to the empty needle beside Sherlock’s foot, where it had slowly come to land as it slid from his lap, a metaphor, Sherlock supposed, for how quickly he’d thrown away his two years of being clean, of being
Nothing.
He lifted the entire bag onto one pale shoulder and turned towards the back door, an
,” Sherlock snarled, whirling to face her, eyes burning with the threat of tears, lips curling back in rage, cigarette forgotten between his two shaking fingers.
. He was like a half finished painting left alone in an empty studio, or a cracked mosaic, damaged but still entirely beautiful — he was a boy unlike any other John had come across; he was a uniquely new species of
John leaned back in his seat, exhaling swiftly and shutting his eyes from a moment before feeling the small, routine buzz of his phone and glancing down at the screen, using his copy of the play as a shield yet again.
“No deductions?” James asked, brows arched and eyes wide.
Sherlock seemed to freeze in place, eyes narrowing but staying unnervingly wide, brows furrowing and creasing the skin above his nose, and mouth opening, closing, opening again, in pure bewilderment. Finally, after a few seconds of confused silence, the dark-haired boy swallowed and, his deep voice hoarse, simply asked, “Celebrate?”
, no.
John wished he knew what he was thinking.
: it was so beautiful I need more
Hurts Lyrics @
Wilkes’ smile vanished again, and suddenly both hands had his collar hostage, yanking him forwards and nearly pressing him directly against Sebastian’s chest, the boy snarling so wildly Sherlock could feel the spray of his saliva; he winced at the feeling, desperately trying to wiggle his way to safety but falling flat.
A Girl Obsessed @
Sherlock swallowed nervously, telling himself
. This particular routine was to be reminiscent of his earlier videos, when he’d merely dance to wordless instrumentals, no words, no lyrics, no voices, simply mechanisms that brought forth timeless rhythms with the touch of a key, the deliverance of a note, or the pluck of a string.
: ah can’t wait for your new video!
When he opened his eyes, Sherlock saw the small thirteen year old making her way out of the crowd, walking the straight, bare pathway toward the woman on the stage, her light brown hair swaying, braided neatly for the occasion, and her cheeks white, blanched in fear. Sherlock had only spoken to her a handful of times. Sometimes she joined Molly on their walks to Sherlock's house, always asking him stupid questions and pointing out little details about the weather or the trees or the birds, things Sherlock found incredibly useless. But she was nice, and kind, and far too young to die.
“No one saw this coming,” Molly whimpered, her voice trembling a bit now as she spoke, and Sherlock quickly braced himself, his heart beginning to feel that familiar tug of dread, “It was an
He waited.
He collected a bottle of water, deciding to skip out on a carton of milk, coming to the conclusion that it may disagree with the baked beans and mash, and turned to leave the dining hall line, facing the entirety of the large room with a brave face, glancing at the many students giggling, rolling their eyes, shoving at one another, standing and tossing their trays carelessly. He held back a laugh, similar thoughts from his observations earlier rushing to the forefront of his mind — he’d half assumed everyone to be sat sipping tea and cutting scones with a knife and fork when he’d decided on eating dinner in the hall tonight. This was like his old secondary school — angry kids lugging food about like it was meant to fly instead of be digested.
Within an instant, John was heaving himself forward and slamming a still grinning Sebastian Wilkes into the lockers where Sherlock had been only moments ago, and the brunette watched from the ground, nerves sending his body into a tremble as he witnessed the rage burning brightly behind the rugby captain’s eyes. John placed one hand onto Sebastian’s chest and the other curled into a pointed gesture, one finger jabbing viciously into the bully’s amused mug.
“Victor introduced me.”
Sherlock nodded and looked down.
“So, what,” Greg snapped out, glancing at John with curiously suspicious eyes, “Are you on Wilkes’ bad side now?”
“Once, twice,” John shrugged, reaching into a drawer at his side and grabbing out a fork, poking at the frying strips of meat, “sometimes three times a year.”
Halsey Lyrics @
Even though most despised him, District Twelve's civilians seemed to be watching his every move with expressions of grief, sympathy, anguish.
: lucky!
were one in the same, people would still enjoy his work, his art,
“Fine,” John stated firmly, deciding that if Sherlock didn’t want to go home, he certainly wouldn’t force him to, lie or no lie, “my flat then.”
John let out another chuckle and leaned back in his seat, his grip tightening on the wheel, “Sherlock, you’re soaked through. You need a change of clothes.”
When John pulled the rattling car into the parking lot of the modest, little building of flats he called home he found himself shutting off the engine and sitting still for a moment, staring blankly at the white of his knuckles as he gripped tight to the grey steering wheel.
In an instant, John sprung to his feet and took off, calling over his shoulder a quick, “I’ll be right back,” before jogging agilely towards the building.
“Ballet today?”
’ sprawled across it in an elegant font. Molly was seated beside him, focus practically glued to the screen in all its stillness, her expression so superbly concentrated John was almost positive she hadn’t blinked since he’d hit play. They’d both been rendered breathless, and John found that he couldn’t quite think of what to say, mind having gone blank long ago with the pure emotion that had washed off of the anonymous dancer in waves. His heart had clenched as the video ended abruptly with the man’s large hand smacking the floor in genuine, irritable anger, before the screen went dark and the song faded off.
’s,” The brunette scoffed, eyes still shut where he lay stretched across John’s bed.
“Don’t what?”
The first time he’d realized this – just how defensive the dog was – was a few months after he’d found the pup and fulfilled his poor health. He’d left the small cottage in which they dwelled in the early hours, as was his routine, and gone out, looking to go for a hunt, before he was stopped dead in his tracks by three boys of his age, kids he knew, kids he’d gone to school with, learned with.
“How’s the boyfriend, John?”
Before Sherlock could come up with a valid retort, a small, mousy voice called out John’s name, and he turned to see the same girl from the rugby match jogging over to the both of them, her chestnut hair flowing naturally behind her, the entirety of her figure clad in only pastel shades — pale pinks and creamy yellows.
Sherlock shut his eyes a moment before wincing as he continued.
why they call them secrets after all.”
Letting out a sigh and holding back a whimper, Sherlock slammed his door shut and ran to his bed, throwing himself onto the unmade sheets, and hiding his face in a soft, white pillow. Sunday’s — they were the days Siger invited over several of his truest friends, offered them the best scotch, let the lot of them heave a number of cigars, and then sat around, for hours, for what felt like lifetimes, playing poker and yelling about sex, drugs, crime, politics, and their own misfortunes. There was a time when Sherlock had, in fact, been allowed to stick around. He’d hidden in his room, ceased to come out unless it was truly dire.
Sherlock hummed to himself before frowning and clearing his throat, “And before you frown upon it, blame John. He texted me first.”
But John merely shrugged and smiled kindly his way, “You mind?”
Sherlock frowned, taking a moment to understand just what the tall boy was hinting at, glancing over his shoulder as Victor strolled towards the end of the bookshelf, the blonde beaming brightly to himself as though he’d worked some sort of miracle in managing to somehow teach Sherlock the ways of sexual relations.
Jessica @
: holy hell John who the heckity heck
“Relax, darling,” She purred, shaking her head, “I won’t steal your wonder boy from you. He’s beautiful, of course, but I do like my conquests endowed with a different set of
things, John,” His friend murmured, expression pained, and John’s heart clenched with guilt for ever having been the least bit irritated with Greg Lestrade.
John scoffed and chewed on his bottom lip, "Basically only that he watches my videos and -"
Sherlock looked up at the doors John had exited through and smiled wide, biting his inner cheek to keep from being noticed as he came to the realization of what John had done.
Sherlock beamed back and nodded, swallowing thickly and turning back to John, his mouth opening as though he were about to say something else, something more, when a petite, mousy voice called out their names over the booming beat of a song John recognized to be by The Clash, the crowd of dancers on the floor moving their hips wildly to the tune and a few singing along reverently.
was his creation, a version of himself that he presented to the public eye, a side of him that wasn’t necessarily, truly,
John scoffed and wrapped his arms around her in response, smiling and chuckling as his best friend practically shook on her feet.
Swallowing, and chuckling lightly, Sherlock looked at John, “She seems like a good sister.”
With a nod, John turned towards the cashier, smiling wide and kindly before glancing at Sherlock and winking, “Go grab a seat, would you?”
Sherlock was interrupted from his reading by the harsh ringing of the ancient, far-too-large house’s irritable doorbell, loud chimes sending him to his feet, down the stairs, and in front of the shiny, elegant handle. But before he could even touch the thing, it began to open, slowly, carefully, and a hand crept its way around the slab, followed by a face, warm and kind and lit by yellow and orange and red as the dimming sunlight graced its features. John Watson’s ocean blue eyes shone like moonlight caressing the sea, and he stepped forwards, smile stretching those truly brilliant lips and body clothed to perfection, rugby jacket thick on his shoulders, jeans and a simple white tee beneath.
“Just chatting,” John practically growled, biting the inside of his cheek as Sebastian turned to give Sherlock an entirely bitter once-over.
Mike eyed John suspiciously but shrugged it off, humming to himself and sighing, "Maybe not, but it does make him an arsehole."
Sherlock scoffed and let his head fall back as he listened, John’s focus back on the road as they neared the restaurant he was surprising Sherlock with, but his grin still in place. The rugby captain kept his sights straight ahead as he opened his mouth to sing along.
Sherlock cleared his throat, looking away for a moment before taking a deep breath and fixing John with what he hoped was a soft, charming expression, judgement free and inviting, “Do you miss him?
John dropped his eyes again, only to lift them once more as Harry placed a comforting hand on his shoulder.
“But I could always make a fire. I know how.”
celebrate. He remembered distinctly the last time he’d
1k views. 980 Likes, 4 Dislikes.
John sighed, turning back around in an attempt to regain his focus and take on whatever drills the coach had planned, only to be suddenly slammed into the ground, the forceful shove of a teammate’s shoulder knocking him to the floor, earning him a face full of dirt and mud beneath his nails. Within an instant, he was lifting his head in rapid question, eyes wide in shock before they narrowed in silent fury, finding himself staring up into the face of an amused Wilkes.
“Bit unexpected,” He scoffed in amusement, “Never pegged you as a yellow kind of fellow.”
. That’ll all really help me win.” His words were dripping with sarcasm as he frowned, furious with himself and his abilities.
, and inhaled deeply, shrugging a single shoulder, “It’ll be fine.”
“Everybody meet John Watson,” the only slightly silver-haired boy announced to the group of boy’s all sat happily around their dining hall table, “rugby player with a knack for the classics and vinyl king.”
Comments (490)…
: um me with you though
,” John began, kinder this time, not harsh nor demanding — simply soft, inviting, comforting —and he placed a gentle, loose palm on Sherlock’s far too bony shoulder, squeezing it comfortingly and bending a bit to stare into the face he held so fixed to the floor, “Just tell me who it was. Please?”
And even more unexplainable - Sherlock hadn't gotten bored. In fact, he hadn't wanted to stop texting the blonde boy - he’d have texted John until the end of the period if he could have, but Montgomery’s monotone bark had knocked them both from their conversation and forced them to work on writing a summary of what they’d read so far - due at the end of class.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at his inner thoughts and stepped out of the locker room shower, grabbing his towel and wrapping it around his nimble form. Who was he kidding? That was just who John Watson was, how he was raised, just another reason why he was number one on nearly every girl's
“My mother died when I was very young,” Sherlock stated, leaning back in his seat at the kitchen table, staring blankly at the lined paper sitting in front of him, as though unable to meet John’s eyes, “and my father was killed in a lorry accident a few years ago. I live with my less than impressive uncle.”
Tiffany West @
So glad I could finally get this out. My motivation and drive has been severely lacking lately and I desperately wanted to work on this but I couldn't find the time, nor the mental energy to. But here it is and here I am and yay! Longer chapter as well. x
“Besides,” Greg scoffed, reaching around John to smack Carl upside the head, messing up his perfectly gelled hair, “He’s got a boyfriend, you codfish.”
TW: homophobic language, bullying, violence, etc.
John ran a hand through his blonde hair and shot the boy a pleased nod, “Yep.”
“It’s like,” John paused, blinked, and then chuckled, “It’s like its doubled.”
: HIS NEW VIDEO, YES I AGREE
“Yes.”
He let out a laugh and shook his head, “I’m going to be here for
Sherlock blanched, Mike blinked, and Irene handed the both of them two red, plastic cups, full to the top with what Sherlock could only guess was beer, a smirk on her lips, not because of the alcohol she was forcing upon them, but because of the words out of John’s mouth. John accepted his cup with a grateful, “
— sitting up straight and eating his food politely, a meal far better than any he’d had in what felt like years, melting on the ridges of his tongue.
Sherlock slammed his secret notebook shut, and shoved it to the side, his pens rolling away in fear as he let his elbows rest against the mahogany surface of his desk, his hands scratching, shaking, pulling at his curls in earnest. He was losing his edge. How was he supposed to compose a brand new style, a brand new vision, if he couldn’t focus? He needed to forget about John Watson.
whenever he found himself away from the boy; he was beginning to hurt, to wince at the thought of losing a moment with him, and that was making it
“He’s eccentric,” Mike snapped, crossing his arms over his chest, and leaning back in his desk chair to pout.
He huffed and threw his duffle bag down, yanking out his ballet shoes and falling to the ground with little grace, before setting his camcorder up and stomping over towards the small stereo in the room’s corner, connecting his phone, choosing his song, and standing in the middle of the wooded floor.
“Figured I’d clear the air between us,” Sholto shrugged, lifting his shoes up and onto the top of John’s desk, regardless of the bitter expression marring John’s features.
A hand slamming onto the dirty window of the tattered Toyota jolted him back to life, and he looked up, coming face to face with an amused, yet utterly enthused, Molly Hooper, of whom was mouthing and yelling muffled, impatient words at him through the glass. He chuckled to himself and shut off the car’s engine, grabbing for his backpack and opening the door, slipping out and locking the vehicle behind him.
His blood ran cold the second he opened his eyes, the cold color of his irises gazing out at the many faces watching his every move. As though in a trance, his body moved forwards, his too-big, button-up flannel swaying just slightly in the warm breeze, as he made his way toward the stage, every single step he took simply forgotten to his mind, to his emotions. He hiked the stairs one by one, brow furrowed, eyes narrowed, nostrils flaring as he gnawed on his bottom lip, some kind of nervous tick he'd suddenly just developed. Soon, he was face to face with the small pink lady who put a gentle hand on his shoulder, guiding him into place on the stage, and turning him so that he could gaze out at the crowd before him.
: do you ever hang out with Sherlock
He felt his heart stop and his veins run cold as his mobile stopped ringing and John blinked up at him in utter incredulity.
Jenny B @
“That better not be the case, Mr. Holmes,” Victor purred lightly, fingers suddenly digging in harder, so hard Sherlock could feel his nails pressing indentations into his skin.
“I’m glad your knowledge of the English language extends so very far,” Sherlock muttered, rolling his eyes to himself, if only to settle the blooming panic rising in his gut, his head pounding, his heart clenching, his body trembling internally at the very thought that his most daunting of secrets, most important, had just been thoroughly and royally revealed because of his own daft ways.
John sat at his desk, eyes wide with honest distress and throat clogged with a knot of genuine emotion as he stared at the finished video, now a black image with ‘
, and John let out a cough, eyes widening in both slight annoyance and utter amusement as his sister smirked, seemingly pleased with herself.
change that.
as an anonymous composer and dancer. Because people in reality, in the real world, outside of the virtual cyberspace that made up YouTube, or Twitter, or the Internet in general, despised him. He was not likeable and never had been. To everyone who knew him, he was an egotistic, self-centered, arrogantly anti-social weirdo.
invited me to.”
“You can tell James, and Mike, and Moran, and the rest of the bloody rugby team that they better find something and
: dont you dare leave us hanging with this
John waited, slowing with the approaching red light, before he glanced back over at Sherlock, the brunette seemingly unmoving, far too focused on his current situation to answer John’s question.
“Well, anyhow,” John inhaled deeply before snorting, “Better to text you than listen to Romeo moan about how he got friend-zoned by some girl he just met.”
? Why would he possibly want
Jadey baby @
, John came from a small neighborhood, in a not so good location, with a mother who worked hard to get them by. But he was smart, and a rugby player, and somehow those two features had convinced a couple scouting officers and chucked him right into Baker Private School.
Sherlock tucked his hands in his lap and tried to fight the blush from forming along his sharp cheekbones, “What is?”
But that's okay. Sherlock has a new video everyday to look forward to.
John H. Watson: So cute.
: it’s a play, and
“Details after practice, yeah?” He smirked, arching a brow questioningly before wiggling them in perversion.
“What’d he deduce, you know,” Greg scoffed, turning to the others of whom were also leaned forward attentively, “about you?”
, Sherlock though to himself,
“Oi, Watson!” Someone called out from behind him, and Sherlock watched as a white ping pong ball flew just past the two of them, clearly meant to bounce off John’s head, but instead slapping the alien blow-up in Mike’s arms directly in the nose. Mike lifted his middle finger up in the air as they all turned to face their enthusiastic attackers, and Sherlock’s heart clenched in dread as James Sholto and Sebastian Moran approached, faces bearing wolf-like grins, their eyes darting from John to Sherlock and back again.
, was protecting
would kiss me.
: oh fuck yes
Three minutes was an enormous amount of time for Sherlock Holmes.
,” over his shoulder and sending Sherlock’s organs into complete and utter
He hated it. He hated that he had to sit down, next to Molly bloody Hooper, the sweetest, kindest girl in District Twelve, and listen to the lady in pink, of whom he had learned was named Effie Trinket, blab on and on about how wonderful they would be treated and how much they had to enjoy on their trip to the Capitol and how fast the train was going.
: yet again finding myself living for this ship
Sherlock scoffed and shrugged his bony shoulders, “By your definition? Certainly.”
He gave up on desperately trying to hide his blush, his pale cheeks contrasting only too well with the swell of pinks and reds he felt heating up beneath his skin. Did John really
I'm terribly sorry for letting you all down and I hope you can forgive me with this chapter.
“Pay attention,
“Do you want to hang out?” John watched as Sherlock practically paled at the question, brows nearly disappearing behind that hairline of curls, and mouth opening just slightly as he narrowed his eyes.
“What?” John gaped at him, falling back in his seat, shoulders dropping and body droopy with devastation and as much as Sherlock regretted upsetting him, this was just something he could not allow.
John had seemingly begun to pout and Sherlock was two seconds from apologizing for every slightly cruel thing he may have ever said to the boy, the look on his absolutely pitiful, and too fucking adorable for his own good.
Demon Dean @
Dropping his eyes and clearing his throat weakly, John pulled back, crumpling up the tissue and tossing it in one of the cupholders, before turning to Sherlock, eyes far more serious, compelling and encouraging as he gazed at the bruised boy before him.
John beamed brightly at her and nodded, letting out a silent puff of air before inhaling sharply, swallowing the knot in his throat, the nerves banging rapidly at the confines of his chest, “I think I’m gonna to tell him tonight.”
Victor Trevor, well aware he hadn’t had any practice, no one to practice on, too shy to practice on himself.
I already have the next one started and I'm having a lot of fun writing the party scene!
John lugged his rugby bag further over his shoulder and reached for the handle of the door, only to freeze in his steps as that deep voice sounded again, low and small and quiet.
“What do you mean?”
“How is breakfast any different?”
A man, a stranger, John was going to find - regardless of whether he had to upturn Baker or not.
“Tell you what,” Molly smiled comfortingly at him whilst he fixed his gaze on the floor, at her heeled shoes, at his own bare feet, “I’ll make you something fresh, yeah?”
He blinked but his vision remained blurred. Why couldn’t he
“Good night, John,” He snapped, fiddled with the handle, and threw himself behind his front door, slamming the very thing after him, and throwing his body back against it, curls and skull thumping rather loudly as he slumped there, inhaling as deeply and as sharply as he could possibly manage, the nearing panic slowly subsiding.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oi,” John chuckled, smiling, white teeth and all, “I picked up your pen for you. Don’t make me regret it.”
Why the hell was John Watson so bloody
John H. Watson
John spent the majority of the afternoon sprawling out each and every James Bond movie before Sherlock, chatting endlessly about their plots, their characters, their marvelous spontaneity. Sherlock didn’t really understand why John loved them so much — they were predictable, dull, a bit unoriginal, cliche — but he listened anyway, because this was John and John, to Sherlock, was perfect.
Once they had reached the navy door, John stepped away and flicked his head in its direction, gesturing to the handle and smiling a knowing smile.
Molly snorted and grabbed at a dress John skipped past, yanking it from the metal rack as she smirked at him, "I don't think he necessarily wants
John H. Watson: Remember mates, if you’re out camping with a friend, and getting chased by a bear, you don’t have to outrun the bear, you just have to outrun your friend.
And then, within a mere moment, Sherlock was alone.
Ebony curls, unreadable eyes, sharp features, an untamable mind.
Sherlock blinked.
John pulled back slightly, eager to see Sherlock’s ethereal eyes, and let his hands run up and over the sensitive, still-bruised skin encasing Sherlock’s much too prominent ribs, reveling in the goosebumps that formed under his fingers and the soft gasp that left the boy’s lips.
“Get out.”
Hey - the Sherlock fandom is used to waiting two years for things, amiright? SORRY.
: may the gods bless you, mate
“Not instantly,” Greg rolled his eyes and pushed his tray away, turning in his seat to better face John, “He deduces things.”
. But Christ, aside from the nervous ticks and trembling hands, John was incredibly excited — he’d convinced Sherlock Holmes to attend a party with him, and hell if he wasn’t going to make the dancer have
“No, seriously, come on,” John pushed with a wide smile.
The curly-haired consulting detective’s breath caught in his throat, “
“Perhaps,” John chuckled, shrugging a single shoulder and letting out a dramatic sigh, “But I rather hoped you’d still come to class regardless.”
Sherlock then lifted his head, sighed, and rolled his eyes, “Sex, John.”
John made to answer him, mouth open as he beamed at Sherlock, but his voice was replaced with another – one far harsher, far more unpleasant.
known him, for only a matter of days, and yet here he was,
Sherlock let out a light chuckle and the two of them turned in the direction of their next class.
Sherlock decided he didn’t want to listen anymore.
When the rugby captain seemingly decided they should move on from Bond, he began telling Sherlock more personal things. John explained why his sister hated her job at the coffee shop; too many men hit on her there and, though Sherlock had already solved it, men were more than clearly not her area of desire. He also explained that his mother had sparked his interest in a medical career with the stories she told him as a child, tales that enraptured him entirely, of the people that came and went when she worked the busy nightshift at the local hospital; according to John she had tried to refuse telling him all the gory details, but he’d begged her to until she did.
,” He snapped, clearly hurt by John’s earlier actions, gripping the duffel bag tight to his side as though it were his lifeline, the only thing keeping him afloat.
“Wanted to check in on you,” She said, quietly, soft and reassuring, “I know the last few days have been terribly difficult for me and I can’t imagine how you’re —“
kissing the sod.
Sherlock blinked, and then dropped his eyes to his feet, bare and pale against the flat’s tiled kitchen floor. “Your father,” He began, “How often do you see him?”
: I love you and I think of you when I do legit anything wow
, he thought,
close,” John lifted his hand and held up his fingers, indicating a small bit of space between his index finger and thumb, shaking his head in amusement, “to saying
The boy in front of him quickly cleared his throat and avoided John’s eyes, grabbing the strap of his bag and glancing towards the school, taking a step towards it and nervously shifting his attention indirectly at John. “I,” He murmured thickly, in that deep baritone, “I should head to class.”
It was nothing.
“Yes.”
if you’re into him or anything, yeah? Or if you’re, you know. If you like guys, or whatever. I couldn’t care less,” He cleared his throat far too loudly, and John quirked a small smile of amusement and admiration, which thankfully went unnoticed.
He watched as Sherlock’s cheeks reddened only slightly, the tall boy nodding his head with a shyness that John found absolutely delectable — the boy was far too gorgeous for his own good, and he didn’t even realize it.
They strolled along the pavement and away from Baker, the small coffee shop only a mere few minutes ahead of them, in silence - not quite awkward, but not quite entirely comfortable either. John glanced over at the boy, watching the way each curl bounced with every step he took, the way those unreal eyes fixated on the ground before him, the way he let one long arm lay at his side, swaying slightly, the other attached to his schoolbag’s strap. He took note of his features, pointed nose, sharp cheekbones, the fading bruise below one of his dark brows, his thin arms, slender fingers, long legs.
And with a short wink, she was skipping off, crossing through the swarm of parents and returning to her little chair in front of the field, taking a seat and instantly continuing to cheer John on. Sherlock blinked, looked down at the ground, thought for a moment and then turned back to eyeing the rugby captain, the heart beating in his chest warm with the kindness of John’s best friend, warm with the swell he’d felt at her words, warm with the notion that John really, well and truly, enjoyed being around him.
Harry turned back to him and arched a brow, “Who the bloody hell would I tell?”
“Imagine the headlines. The great Sherlock Holmes beat, drowns in own bath,” John scoffed from beside him.
He ducked inside the confines of his small house, slamming the door behind him, whispering to himself bitterly, "I guess the odds
John’s expression instantly lit up and he threw his head back, practically cackling from hilarity, an even wider grin than the one before now present on his face.
Official Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/1iboqQISoOqB6Cq9jcTPY4?si=85d0b2ac8d834831
— at Sherlock Holmes. His features were twisted in some sort of knowingly pained expression, and his eyes were glassy and shimmeringly wet in the moonlight. His curls were ruffled beyond fixing and his jumper had bits of grass and dirt sitting against the soft fabric. John could see, there in his features, how very scared he was, frightened, terrified even, but he could also see how well he replaced that genuine sincerity with a well-developed mask — a face that revealed no such emotional movement of any sort. But in that moment, watching Sherlock stand there, head hanging low, one arm twisted around his chest, bruise bright against white skin, bottom lip pursed and a raw red, he was practically convinced that Sherlock Holmes may just be the
Liv is still screaming about John’s new video @
"You lyin' to me, Sherly?" He snapped, icy blue eyes wide with rage as he glared down at his nephew, lifting his glass and taking a long drawn out sip until every last drop was devoured.
— said
“I meant for touching.”
The curly haired boy lugged his belongings into the studio, glaring forwards while he walked past the dozens of ballerinas eyeing him suspiciously as they left their afternoon class. He rolled his eyes and pushed past them and into the slowly emptying ballet studio, slipping off his tennis shoes - old and tattered blue converse - dropping his duffle bag and beginning to stretch, extending his arms upwards and downwards and spreading his legs in a straddle like position, sitting gracefully onto the wooden floor. He leaned over his thighs, grabbed his toes and pulled them towards himself, huffing out a breath as the movements pulled at his muscles, the sensation both relieving and painful.
John shrugged lightly and let out a sharp laugh, the puff of hair both bitter and solemn, “Course.”
“Wait here after the game?” He asked, hope tilting his tone upwards, his gut sweeping slightly, eager to see more of the boy, to spend more time with the boy, to thank the boy properly for even bothering to come out on such a chilly, ordinary day.
“Oh, she is,” Sherlock shrugged, “They’ve been having haphazard shags in the supply closets. Out of sight, clearly.”
Lemme know you're still here!
“Like my dick,” Sebastian murmured under his breath, and Stamford threw the lonely French textbook sitting atop his desk at the boy’s head.
“I just saved you from cirrhosis.”
“What?” John scowled, snatching his arm back from his friend’s grip and glaring forwards.
“It’s neat, honestly,” Greg shrugged, “but yeah, a bit unnerving. He knew about Carl’s eczema and weak-arches just by looking at his shoes.”
His hands keep turning into birds and flying away from him. Him being you.
I am so touched by what attention this fic has received so far and I am so excited to continue!
, sorry.”
Nothing
The brunette laid back against his pillows and stared into the darkness around him, grinning pathetically to himself, a ridiculously happy feeling settling deep in his gut; he moved his thumbs to the screen once more.
Molly blinked, hummed thoughtfully to herself, removed her arm, and ran both hands up her head to fix her chestnut ponytail before turning back to John with a somewhat disheartened expression, “That’s unfortunate then.”
John H. Watson: Aliens are real!
John nodded, hardly trying to hide his grin, “Isn’t she? They make a lovely couple.”
“Right, because he gives himself the hickey’s,” Bill chuckled sarcastically, rolling his eyes and smiling lazily alongside Lestrade.
John let out a soft, warm-hearted chuckle, adjusting his hold on the strap of his red backpack and sticking his other hand in his jeans' pocket, "Some might say that's almost the same thing."
: You’re all idiots honestly. It’s never going to happen, I mean, John isn’t even gay. And who knows about the ballerina guy.
But he continued to express to her that the sooner he got his new video done - his new scheme, his new sound, his new design - the better, and she had reluctantly delivered him a stamp of approval for the use of her dance studio.
John couldn’t help but bob his head to the side at that — it was quite, yes. He definitely wouldn’t mind if the very comment had, in fact, been true. Christ — if his father ever found out John was pondering
“Hey,” John breathed softly, inching a bit closer to him and nodding his head carefully, comfortingly, “Relax. It’s okay, I promise.”
“Wants to know why you were in last night’s video,” John chuckled and rolled his eyes.
: how I wish I was the moon - {insert;image;gif:
all the bloody
watsonmyface
“Indeed.”
, a voice snapped at him, and he clearing his throat, shuffling slightly in his stance whilst trying to remain expressionless in his more than obvious moment of self-doubt.
” John added, smirking to himself with a newfound air of confidence.
Eager to end the staring, the silent deducing, the quick glances and frown replacing John’s kind smile, Sherlock cleared his throat and gazed forwards, not entirely at John but not entirely away from him either, “I think you should leave me alone now.”
?” Molly squawked in feigned horror, appearing entirely pained with faux misery before she smirked and shook her head, “I’m only being a concerned friend.”
He let his hand roam up from Victor's hip until he felt bare skin, moving under the hem of his white button up and palming his flat, toned stomach. With a groan, Victor bit into his neck, pulling at his skin, tongue dancing, lips caressing, eyes shut and body warm with arousal. Sherlock threw his head back, bumping several books, knocking a few to the floor as he groaned loudly, unable to keep quiet while the boy before him nipped at his creamy white collarbones.
But, it did give me time to write!
“Shut up,” John rolled his eyes playfully and stood, stretching his arms out behind him and yawning slightly, tilting his head to the side, body obviously stiff. Sherlock watched as he let out a deep breath and grabbed for his tea, taking a long sip, wincing slightly at the slightly less than hot temperature.
“What?” Sherlock’s voice was no louder than a whisper, and shaky, but still deep and clear all the same.
And suddenly Sherlock’s shoulders were sagging in relief, his heart was stilling, and his mind was taking an inwardly audible sigh of solace. Irene Adler preferred women. Of
With a growl and a shake of his head, he reached over and grasped his phone, tapping the screen lightly and wincing a bit as the bright light of the screen flashed before his eyes. He swallowed thickly at the message floating there, atop the blue of his plain, unimpressive screensaver, and the four letters that made up a name so very infuriating nowadays.
“Best go in first,” He shrugged, smirking, “Can’t go walking in at the same time. People will talk.”
“I can
John watched as he winced slightly with the force of his angry movements and swallowed, trying his best not to get too offended by an irritable Sherlock.
I hope you enjoy, and as always I love reading your comments.
Ms. Hudson snorted and sighed joyfully, reaching for the exit and turning back to, most likely, sneak in another jab at Sherlock's clear distaste for other normal human beings but was instead interrupted by the sharp ding of his mobile. Sherlock unzipped his duffle bag and pulled out the black device, pressing his finger to the screen and biting his lip as a rush of overwhelming fondness consumed him.
“Oh,” She mused, a wide —
Some might say that’s romantic.
“Course you do,” The blonde smirked, strolling past Sherlock and placing a soft hand on his forearm, patting it patronizingly, “We still need to work on your technique, after all.”
John felt his heart drop slightly in his chest under the gaze of his friend, Mike’s eyes narrowing as they darted from John to Sherlock and back again, scrutinizing, coming to some sort of conclusion the best he could with the shock of what he’d seen and the haze of intoxication coating his expression.
The response was almost instant.
456 views. 403 Likes, 0 Dislikes.
, being within a mere inches of
, someone his father would approve of, someone that would make his life easier, not complicate it further, someone that didn’t hide behind a blurred face and an anonymous identity, someone that didn’t forget to sleep and eat, someone that didn’t stumble about, or fluster, in his presence like a lost puppy. Someone better. Someone better for
“Neh, just went to
Molly hummed sympathetically and grabbed for her purse, motioning for John to follow as they slid out of the dressing room hallway and back into the calm of casual shoppers meandering around Molly's favorite store.
“When you rudely bashed through the front door? Yes,” Sherlock spat, and though he went for a strong, forceful tone, trying to appear bold, unbothered, his voice only shook, weak and hoarse with worry and fear of what his future held now.
“Sherlock!” John practically shouted, wide grin still present on his face as he stared at Sherlock with an expression of incredulity, and utter amusement.
John chuckled and winked at the lens, “All the love to every single one of you. Catch you later."
“I have class,” Sherlock pressed, eager to have a moment to breathe, a moment on his own, a moment to gather himself, back sore from the rough edges of the bookshelf, heart aching with further evidence of Victor’s obvious shame.
— persisting, the doorbell echoed throughout the giant, lonely house.
was Sherlock Holmes and John found himself still getting used to that very idea.
Rolling his eyes, he reached for the handle and yanked open the door, revealing his tall, blank-faced older brother, of whom stood just in front of him. His stance was as straight as a rod; back curved for proper posture, nose pointed upward, dark eyes fixated on his little brother's bored expression. With a groan, Sherlock pushed past him, unwilling to listen to any of his lectures – lectures he was sure he would have to suffer through during the entirety of their walk to the district's center, where the reaping would be taking place. He made his way through the corridor toward his home's exit, the soft thump of both his brother's and his mother's footsteps following just behind him.
With a frazzled sigh, he switched back to his conversation with Sherlock, feeling like a rather insipid pre-teen, gushing over his crush with his best friend, and chatting with the very person at the very same time. His face fell farther, however, as he read Sherlock’s quick, to the point reply — a solid, straightforward:
He'd watch it later.
“I’m hardly as talented as you,” John grinned, giggling over the music, “but I know a thing or two.”
“Hey, Watson,” He heard Wilkes call out from behind him before he felt a cold hand on his shoulder, squeezing it briefly before the boy’s face came into full view, sneering at John as they walked, “you done being all pissy?”
Sherlock nodded his head in affirmation and hit ‘
Victoria @
To those who subscribed to his channel – to them? To them, he was the mysterious, graceful, musically talented stranger – he was an enigma, a puzzle never to be solved, a mask never to be removed. And he liked it that way – so that’s the way it would stay.
“Really though,” He began, “Bloody
Sherlock swallowed, stopped walking and stared down at his heavy clothes, taking in the state of his drenched shoes, his wet duffle bag, noting the feeling of each and every hair sticking to the sides of his cheekbones and forehead, the burning of his eyes, and after a few seconds, he sighed and ducked his head. “
worried?” Greg pleaded, his brows drawing down in concern, his shoulders hunching, limbs hanging lifelessly.
“Didn’t seem that way yesterday.”
cooked him meals, and made him breakfast,
The two of them laughed quietly to themselves, staring softly down at their laps before lifting their heads once more, their eyes meeting yet again, the hold far more powerful this time, those oceanic irises brimming with waves, bright and active, and the silver shimmer of Sherlock’s own simply glistening, surrounded by golden speckles, light and unafraid. Sherlock swallowed and held strong, willing his inappropriate thoughts away and looking at his friend —
Sherlock glared at it spitefully, calculating whether or not to accept the outstretched palm, before he rolled his eyes and reached out, allowing the boy to yank him to his feet.
Beaming brightly, John couldn't help but agree with her words, no matter how overwhelmed she currently was or how dramatic she was being - it was, and there was no denying it, a performance to be reckoned with. John chewed on the inside of his cheek as he pondered the entirety of the situation, the ingenious new composition, his suspicions, his growing adoration for a masked man behind a screen.
"Christ, Harry," John blushed, running a hand through his hair and tossing his phone to the side, watching as it hit the far end of his mattress with a thump, "Shut up, will you? I don't even know who he
“Sherlock.”
“Course, it is,” John leaped off of the cabinet, and Sherlock noted that his shoes made no sound as he hit the floor, “I’m the one who’s always getting you out of trouble, aren’t I?”
him.”
is the purest
John scrunched his nose at her words before scoffing and nodding his head, staring down at the ground, heart beating rampantly in his chest, pounding against his skin. Confess his feelings to Sherlock Holmes. Travel down that unpredictable road. Face the uncertainty of his answers, perhaps the high of reciprocation of the low of rejection.
John chuckled, “Then I’m inviting you.”
I hope this more than makes up for the wait.
Both John and Greg turned to stare at her, John blinking rapidly at her words and Greg biting his tongue as he watched the frown furrow John’s brows.
At the time, Redbeard was no longer around to keep him company — nor to keep his emotions in check. With his dog’s passing, he’d lost not only his only friend, but also his ability to cope. Redbeard had been his rock, strong and quiet and prepared to listen, and without it, his emotions fell flat.
Trish @
” Molly’s voice jolted him back to reality, and he instantly felt his cheeks reddening at her words.
Sherlock turned to face him, nose crinkled, lips downturned, a proper pout in place, and the small bit of skin between his brows creased slightly — John couldn’t help but be overly fond.
Sherlock blinked, mind whirling to a halt, body tensing in both shock and utter perplexity — people were subscribing to John because of
The hard, wooden floor of Mike Stamford’s front porch was making Sherlock’s arse scream with discomfort but he simply couldn’t bring himself to move, let alone go back inside. He couldn’t think straight, not with all the noise, all the chaos, all the yelling and laughing, all the strangers and kissing and pungent smell of bodily orders and alcohol. His body shivered with the cold and he sighed to himself, his brain scolding the ache in his heart for deciding against bringing his cigarettes along for his night out with John — then again he hadn’t needed them until now.
John blinked in confusion and scoffed softly, “’
“What are you then?” The rugby captain chuckled, brows lifted in faux curiosity as he watched Irene’s smile drop into a look of irritable disappointment.
"Not in a bad way, just as in, no one knows all that much about the lad," She shrugged, "only that he's super smart and does that deduction thing."
you.”
Redbeard had become his sidekick, his first-mate.
Or worse: he'd say something he'd later regret, something cold and brutal and rude and deductive and John Watson would never look at him again apart from the occasional glare.
Sherlock watched with an amused smile as John placed a small frying pan atop the stove, his eyes narrowing as he pressed a few of its arbitrary buttons, blinking blankly, clearly not entirely used to the prospect of
“What,” John gawked and scoffed, “seriously? You’re not going to tell me?”
: you’re so stupid I love you
“You don’t want cirrhosis, do you?” John added, smirking and finally taking a bite of the banana in his hand.
Comments (134)…
He was officially shooting his video today. Luckily, Ms. Hudson found an empty session for him. She’d been happy to oblige his needs, of course only after scolding him on the sleep he didn't get last night. He had been brainstorming - and that meant he’d had no time for sleep - and he had told her such, which was why he could practically hear her frown through his mobile phone.
He’d sneakily managed to obtain the boy’s phone number, but the part that worried him was whether or not Sherlock had even wanted it.
Sherlock swallowed and cleared his throat, tugging his duffle bag closer to his side and glancing away from the ghastly gaze of his sworn enemy, or so it seemed.
“Why?”
“I,” The brunette’s cheeks turned pink as he swallowed and inhaled sharply, “I trust you.”
“Plus, it’s Anderson.”
“Yeah, alright, just — be careful?” Greg pleaded shakily, and John watched as his throat bobbed and his hands fiddled with the straps of his bag.
. John loathed the fact that Sherlock even need be so very guarded.
“Look, I know you’re upset, but–“
He'd never really spoken to Sherlock aside from a quick 'excuse me' in the halls or the interaction yesterday. He wasn't exactly sure how. Sherlock was so
Greg? His sexuality wasn’t even part of the question; he said it as though Sherlock was going to spring round and start groping his arse — honestly, he wasn’t sure he’d even mind all that much. So what did that say about
His uncle laughed, the sound bellowing out around the two of them, loud and terrifying, nightmarish to Sherlock’s ears as his uncle only held on tighter, and, with one pull, brought Sherlock up and into his face, where he could properly witness his glare, the stench of his putrid breath — cigarettes and heavy liquor — and the pure hatred in his dull eyes.
: holy shit. Holy SHIT.
4,910.
John scoffed in agreement and then turned to her, expression pained, pursing his lips in concern as he met her eyes, pondering the way the ballet dancer had moved, had spun, had swayed and turned and whirled — he had seemed so utterly defeated, desperate, in a way John hadn’t seen before, not in any of his other videos.
“Sorry?” John chuckled softly, glancing at each of the other boy’s who were simply grinning his way, waiting expectantly for where Greg intended to go with his arbitrary question.
“Bloody hell, right. Forgot he was a prude before he came here,” Wilkes muttered and the group of them broke into a fit of chuckles just as they rounded the wall of lockers and finally came into view.
"Oh, no. Sorry," She stammered, shaking her head, ponytail flinging in every direction, "I didn't mean
be quiet.”
Sherlock bobbed his head once in response, slipped out of the vehicle, shivered as the cold bit at his nimble form, and sauntered towards his front door, fighting the urge to turn around, and get right back into the ugly, old car.
He lifted a hand to her back and rubbed softly — she was frailer now then before, her skin wearier and thinner to the eye, her fingers slender, her cheeks more prominent, her soft brown hair graying slightly in the most discreet of areas. Things hadn’t been easy, since John’s father died. Her heart was heavy with things to worry about: Harry’s drinking, paying off her late husband’s medical bills, juggling a job at the clinic and her artwork on the side. John hoped his going away would give her one less thing to worry about.
“Well,” John shrugged and got up off the bed, heading over towards her, and sneaking a hand over to grab the handle of one mug, grinning to himself, smug and clever, “you
this and he’s kissing
Sherlock glanced back at the rugby captain then, eyes innocently wide, mouth hovering open just enough to decide which response he was going to attempt to make.
Everyone in the class was seemingly eager to take part in the play and it had begun to worry John that he would be the only one not enthused about reading the tale of two idiotic lovers, but when he glanced over at Sherlock Holmes and took note of the hunched shoulders, the bored-to-death expression and how he’d hidden his phone behind his open book, John knew he wasn't alone.
, was in his bathroom, looking like himself, looking put together, looking alive, merely a few inches away, there — right
John nodded and stared blankly down at his hands, fingers messing blindly with the fringe of his hooded, rugby sweatshirt, "The one and only."
“He’s bonkers, mate,” Moran snorted.
And Sherlock stared for a good while, deciding, debating, questioning his right to ask, wondering over whether or not John wanted him to ask — because Sherlock desperately wanted to remain here with John. He didn’t want to sneak in and past his drunk uncle asleep on the living room couch, he didn’t want to lock his door and cower in his room with a book pressed to his chest, and he didn’t want to spend the entirety of his Sunday sitting at Speedy’s or alone on the wooden floor of some dance studio — he wanted to be here. With John, and his sister, and their cups of tea, and their teasing and John’s warm smiles. He wanted, and he wanted
. One minute you’re going out to coffee and the next he’s spending the night at your
John shook his head at himself and huffed, turning up the volume of the video and sighing, grabbing his backpack and pulling out his math homework, scribbling nonsense the best he could into the answer blanks of questions, all the while swaying to the soft melody of a carefully practiced violin and spotting the blur of black and pink in his peripheral vision, dancing with grace across his computer screen.
, mate.”
“He didn’t,” John stated, simply.
John smirked and giggled once more, “What about him? What did he do when you ravaged the gallery’s labeling system?”
John scoffed and smiled down at the screen of his mobile, exiting Twitter and tapping onto Instagram, "And that's a bad thing?"
Thank you, as always, for reading.
But today, all he could think about was
: aw something special planned?
Much love to you all!
Sherlock shook his head irritably, but said nothing, staring down at the ground, his jaw looking two shades darker than his natural skin tone and utterly grayscale in the dimly lit night sky.
“Why not?” He asked, brows drawn forwards in both irritation and confusion as he watched John smirk his way, heart still faltering at the very sight. How he hadn’t died from organ failure yet was beyond his capable knowledge.
, and John was fully capable of taking care of himself. So, why was he
Just to be spiteful, Sherlock clicked ‘
Sherlock hummed in acknowledgment but refused to say anything more, keeping his sights locked onto John’s position, the red shape clapping another player on the back before getting ready for the next play.
. Scattered bits of lint and hair on red jumper,
John inwardly shook his head - Molly was right. He was worrying too much; why couldn't he just do it, say it, speak it out, loud and clear?
John arched a brow and smiled softly, gesturing with his head at the state of him, the dancer trembling just slightly where he leaned against the counter baring the sink directly across from John, before looking down at himself, the garments he was clad in just as soaked through, clinging to him like glue.
the pair,” Sebastian snickered, “Sitting together at lunch all the time, that little YouTube video you had him star in, all your little conversations in the halls. Quite close, the two of you, aye?”
“So, John,” Greg added, turning in his seat to gaze brightly John’s way, all wide smiles and wide eyes, brows lifted curiously, “What shall we add to your name?”
“Hi,” Sherlock said in a hushed tone, slightly out of breath at the sight of John, all dressed in a poofy white jacket, obviously originally meant for skiing, a British flag patch ironed on to the front top corner of it, wonky letters following that said, clearly, ‘
, 10,033 people didn't think so.
Molly had been the one to introduce him to the anonymous prodigy – in fact; she’d been the one who got him into YouTube in the first place. They’d been friends for ages, the two of them; starting out as next-door neighbors, attending the same schools, always staying in touch – to John, she was practically part of the family. Once they’d reached secondary school together, she’d turned to him, ordered him into buying a camera and stated,
“Tonight, probably,” John chuckled, grinning, “after I edit it, of course. Have to bleep out those names, you know?”
— Sherlock groaned internally — he could expect his
“I also collect vinyls,” John added with a smirk, and watched as the others blinked, arched a few brows, and then instantly grinned. It was something John felt necessary to express when it came to telling people who he was, what he did, what he liked. Music was everything to him; sitting those black discs where they belonged and listening to the melodies that sang out from the touch of a simple, single needle sent him reeling, heart and mind never more alive.
Sherlock considered the entire scenario. John watched him, watched what he made, and seemed, believe it or not, rather, entirely, intrigued by him. In fact, John sounded impressed, proud, ridiculously so but legitimately, thoroughly bewildered. Why, and how Sherlock had managed to deserve to have John as a viewer, as a
Lestrade had been by a few times as well, but after the very first day, when the news had broke and he’d seen a side of Sherlock he never imagined witnessing, he’d begun to hover uncomfortably. He never quite knew what to say or do, what to address or mention or bring up in conversation. Frankly, his visits consisted of him striding confidently into 221B, saying hello, asking how things were, receiving no response, placing cold case files on the dining room table and leaving the flat with a solemn, and no longer confident, goodbye.
Something New
Ten minutes later, John’s phone buzzed beside him, and with one look John read the words that had lit up its screen, his lips curving into a bright smile, the slight shuffling behind him telling, warming his already enamored heart.
“Dangerous?” Sherlock snorted questioningly, ruffling his hair as he watched John, the boy grinning wildly as he tried to defend himself.
She whirled around, walking backwards and shaking her head his way as if she thought he was being entirely too daft, “Nope, I’ve known you
John snorted and shook his head, setting his cup back on Molly’s desk, eyes glaring playfully at his best friend’s back, and reaching into his back pocket for his phone, opening Twitter to lazily scrolling through his feed, “It was definitely not a date.”
Sherlock blinked.
Molly turned and chuckled, grinning up at him gingerly, expression soft as usual and features curved upward in pure delight, “Of course, John. Doesn't mean I'm not going to investigate, though.”
,” along with a contact photo that appeared to be a stock image of what looked like a giant piece of cake. Or was that a pie? Narrowing his eyes in amusement, John got to his feet and slipped out of his bedroom, strolling mindlessly towards the bathroom door and approaching with ease, his hand lifted to knock in warning, phone in his hand, still singing noisily.
“Not even a, ‘you’re new,’ or a, ‘lose some weight,’ or a, ‘feed your dog?’” Bill interrogated, expression blank aside from awe, “Nothing?”
Victor huffed against his neck irritably and dropped his legs, instead moving to press himself flush against Sherlock's skinny figure, gripping tight to his hips and staring down at him, scowling, "Do you want to be found out?"
Sherlock let out a long-suffering sigh and shook his head, scowling harmlessly at John before mumbling, “You’re annoying,” under his breath — a fib of course, but one worth telling just to see the bright beaming expression that overtook John’s warm features.
Sherlock grinned and leaned back in the booth they were tucked in, cozy and comfortable — John was completely content, sat there with Sherlock, talking to the boy like they’d known one another for years, decades even. He couldn’t imagine ever living without this, and he was determined to never have to. Before John could open his mouth to ask Sherlock another question about his art gallery escapades, he heard the chime of his friend’s phone from his black skinny jeans’ pocket. The boy frowned and reached down, obviously glancing at the text beneath the table, before sitting up straighter and rolling his eyes.
“I’m a bloody seventeen year old from District Twelve, Mycroft,” Sherlock snapped, staring intently at the floor, acknowledging each and every detail, each crack in the wood panels, each lonely crevice where they met, “I can shoot a rabbit with a bow and arrow, sure. I can build traps, I can track, I can climb a tree. Good, yeah,
, at him
Sherlock lifted himself up, balancing on his forearms and opening his eyes to stare curiously at the boy next to him, heart beating rapidly, “She does?”
“I swear, Sherlock,” She prattled on, shaking her head and sounding far more resigned now as she placed the dishes back in their rightful cupboards, slamming them shut and moving closer to where he sat once more, “that big, old brain of yours would work
Lestrade scoffed from John’s left and shook his head, glancing over her frazzled state with a raised brow, “Clearly.”
“You could stay at mine tonight. If you wanted.” John offered, hoping he wasn’t coming off as far too overzealous — he didn’t expect anything, Sherlock didn’t even have to kiss him again tonight if he didn’t want to
Focus, focus, focus. Routine, routine.
“Go bloody
“No, it’s not,” John said, quickly, and Sherlock couldn’t help it — he turned to look at him, their face so very close, their eyes staring, ablaze with silent questions, expressions glowing as they bared their souls, as they spoke of things they’d never thought to someday be a possibility.
“What about it?” He flushed at the hoarseness of his voice, eyes fixating on everything but Molly, her nimble form standing shyly in his peripheral vision.
Sherlock didn’t answer. Everything was grey. It seemed John had taken color with him too.
“Fuck,” he whispered angrily under his breath before a snarl rose within him and he snapped the word yet again, this time far louder, with far more fury, the fire in his belly crackling and spitting out clouds of outraged smoke.
His phone vibrated in his pocket impatiently, and with a huff of irritation, Sherlock grabbed the device and glanced carelessly at it’s screen, the white light bright in the dark of the night sky.
So here it is!
,” Molly exclaimed, laughter in her bright, exhilarated voice, and she bounced in place, turning to Greg and shaking him gently, “I love this song! We
“So, it was you. In the studio. The other day,” John spun around to meet his eyes, those two blue hues burning through him as he awaited Sherlock’s answer, attention fixated on his lips, as though he’d only believe his words if he saw them come from his very mouth.
The Storyteller @
Greg elbowed him in the side and smirked, “If you’re nice to ‘im, sometimes he’ll bring you shitloads of the stuff.”
“I’d only waste it,” He mumbled, his eyes downcast but his body sliding just an inch closer to John’s, clearly seeking comfort, the boy’s sharp cheekbone’s a light pink.
, you two! Sherlock isn’t — he’s not
“Breakfast?”
“Why’d you do that?” He snapped, expression pressed and breath shaky.
The captain froze and arched a brow, glancing over his shoulder rather unenthusiastically as he called out to Seb, a deep swell of unease forming in his gut, “What the hell are you on about?”
: stop being cute dude
Sherlock was sat in his black chair, the leather creaking beneath him far louder than he remembered; every fidget, every movement, every tremble, shiver, and shake setting it off as though it were some mental alarm, itching at the back of Sherlock’s skull, finding another way to irritate him, to annoy. He gripped the violin in his arms tighter and blankly plucked at the E string, hardly managing to face his brother head on, eyes frantically dashing about the entirety of 221B in an attempt to help him forget, help him focus on something else,
Sherlock merely blinked blankly his way and nodded, his throat bobbing as he swallowed, eyes darting nervously back and forth as though searching for something to land on.
Soon, but not soon enough, the film came to an end, and the pink-haired lady's voice rose up over the quiet that followed.
“I don’t know, Molls,” He swallowed and continued their walk to the main hall, pulling Molly along with him and smiling rather shyly, shrugging a single shoulder, “I had this conversation with my mates in maths.”
Redbeard’s presence was one of the few constants in his life.
He’d never believed in
He ignored it, let his mind go blank, let his thoughts waste away, let his brain simply sit and ponder, his head whispering tauntingly to him through the black nothingness, informing him of his plans for later that evening — a needle and a conversation with the very compelling figment of his imagination.
That made him angry — infuriated, entirely and thoroughly outraged because how
“Yeah?”
"Sherlock!"
, but I generally don’t make
“You’re telling me,” He huffed and then shook his head, rerouting the conversation and continuing, “Anyway, now he comes with this? Something completely different, something utterly and completely opposite of the ordinary classical he always does?”
John nodded.
Abigail W. @
John forced back a snort.
“I—” He paused and grunted out, gently, changing his mind, “Thank you.”
: you have a date don’t you
“Do you know what I mean?” He heard John ask, and the blonde turned once more to meet his eyes.
“The only one aside from my brother,” Sherlock admitted, because what was the point in hiding things now? John knew. John knew and there was no going back and Sherlock hated that his heart was happy he’d shared his biggest secret with the boy he loved; and yet his mind was berating his entire being for being so careless.
"He's a bit mysterious," She added, approaching a rack of clothing and flipping through the hangers.
Victor snorted.
“Don’t want what?” John asked, sounding closer — much closer.
“I figured. The cheering sort of gave it away,” the brunette smirked, a brow arching teasingly as he stared directly, yet still rather shyly, at John’s position before him, knees and thighs caked in mud and wet grass, uniform stained, sweat dampening his blonde hair.
His heart felt lighter, as he laid there, tucked beneath his covers, not at all sleepy but far too desperate to hide from the world — he felt as though the boulder he’d been carrying on his back had been removed by John’s strong arms, a weight lifting, a secret he kept so very dear only his meddlesome brother knew about it. And John had taken that very secret with an endearing smile and a promise to keep it.
"I," Sherlock cleared his throat, and turned, facing John but still watching the locker room tiles, "I like your videos."
When John drops him off, Sherlock doesn’t stick around for a follow-up conversation. Instead, he practically hurls himself out of John’s hideously old car, doesn’t bother to glance at John’s awestruck position as he sits, parked before Sherlock’s large, overly posh house, and darts towards his front door, turning his back to the boy he’d so helplessly fallen in love with. He hears the driver’s side click open, and winces as John calls out to him, softly,
He breathed. Hands on the back of his neck, a hand in his hair, a hand rubbing at his shoulder blades, a voice whispering soft, “it’ll be okay,”’s and “you’re alright,”’s in his hardly reliable ears. They weren’t comforting — they burned, they ached, they stung. They singed his skin, they made it boil. Because who the fuck were they to say it would be okay? It wouldn’t be. Nothing about this was okay, nothing.
"I don't think he trusts me," John began, looking at Molly with a genuine, open expression, eyes somewhat saddened as he explained, "at least not enough to truly be himself."
And that’s precisely why he had spent the night scolding himself. He was putting John above all the dreadful negatives — he was allowing himself to fall weak, to fall prey, to fall vulnerable to
He sighed and went to the YouTuber’s playlist, tapping
? Sherlock was utter shite at celebrating.
He heard the boy huffed before his cold fingers brushed against John’s, taking back his smoke and holding it as instructed, all whilst unaware of John’s sharp intake of breath and quick turn away, his hands returning to the steering wheel, gripping so tight his knuckles went to white.
“We’re having toast.”
“I think it’s best I leave,” Sherlock reached down and yanked his backpack up atop his shoulders, slipping his arms through the straps and ignoring the rugby captain observing his every move.
Sherlock swallowed and simply chose to glare, inhaling sharply before gathering his courage, pulling his head back and spitting directly into the face of Sebastian Wilkes. His heart raced with both fear and deep, dark satisfaction at the wincing sort of notion Seb made in response. Seb didn’t let go, however, but held on tighter, eyes shutting as a reflex before they flew open again and before Sherlock knew it, a fist was connecting hard and quick with the bone of his jaw, sending him crashing to the ground, face slamming into the grassy dirt floor.
“And this person,” Harry continued, “would you be lost without them?”
He accepted the outstretched hand with a small, polite smile, nodding his head at her and clearing his throat, “You as well.” Once he dropped her palm, he glanced at John and found the boy positively glowing with joy as he stared right back, a look of pride — or was that adoration? — on his face, causing Sherlock’s cheeks to fall warm once more, and his head to duck down shyly, finding far too many eyes on him at the given moment.
“Bloody hell,” the teenager snarled in amusement, and stepped closer to the brunette, breath horrid and foul as he chuckled bitterly, “I knew you had the hots for the captain, you sick
at you,” John informed him, and Sherlock burst into a melody of ridiculously high-pitched giggles, trying desperately to muffle them with his hand, shaking his curls so much so that they bounced atop his forehead.
Space boy @
"Now, before we begin, we have a very special film, brought to you all the way from the Capitol," The woman grinned, her white teeth shining in the dreary light of the sun. A picture was projected across a white screen, and dramatic music filled the unnerving silence as all eyes turned to watch.
With another prolonged sigh, John lifted himself from his desk chair and wandered over to his bed, sitting himself down slowly and softly on the edge before gazing at the sleeping form, allowing himself a small, sad smile. He stared at the bruising along his eye, slowing fading as it healed; he stared at the split across his bottom lip, those beautiful lips. And he glanced at Sherlock’s wrist, exposed just slightly in his curled position, minute bruises lining the pale flesh, thick and dark, and John fell entirely outraged by the sight of them because, well, he wasn’t a bloody idiot — he knew they were from the tight grip of another and John couldn’t help but worry at how telling that was. When would this boy get a break?
The blonde tugged at the loose material of his jersey, a scowl gracing his usually soft features as he kicked at the soppy green grass below his feet, lifting his head to watch as the rest of the team slowly made their way towards the middle of the field for the day’s practice.
The final few days that remained, before the infamous Saturday night, passed at a snail’s pace, long and slow and horribly dull, and John was beginning to go insane with anticipation — frazzled nerves sending him into a fit of trembling anxiousness, his mind replaying the words he’d somehow worked up the courage to use. A
Sherlock looked at him, scoffed shyly and shook his head, “I’m more than capable of buying my own coffee.”
progress, Sherlock had been warming up to him, beginning to trust him, and now there seemed to be a slowly rising wall, as though Sherlock was reinstalling his defenses, forcing his protection back into place, expression falling guarded and shut away once more. And John didn’t blame him.
“What he means by that is that he’s awful.”
. Safe and secure, warm and comfortable. A home. John’s home. John’s family.
But Sherlock was devastatingly and horribly wrong, his heart sinking as those ocean eyes met his own once again, full of an overwhelming amount of both disbelief and thorough discernment. Because Sherlock had been too late, and John had seen. John had seen and now his entire world was going to fall apart on top of him.
, Sherlock.”
“I mean, I’ve always considered it,” Molly began as they both headed towards their lockers, “but I don't know, it seemed too surreal, you know?”
“It’ll be so passionate she’ll
Harriet chuckled, her pale pink lipstick cracking a little and her black eyeliner crinkling as she smirked down at him, shaking her head fondly. "Listening to your boyfriend again?" She quipped, her eyes narrowed suspiciously and the ends of her lips curving upward in amusement.
“Then we have James Sholto, member of the Officers’ Training Corps, and defense for the greatest rugby team in British history,” Greg announced enthusiastically, and James let out a loud laugh, shaking his light blonde head in amusement and grinning back at the boy.
John chuckled and bobbed his head in agreement, gazing briefly at her before leaning back as well and shutting his eyes, “The game was fine. It was what came after.”
told him when he’d gone too long without sleep,
Molly blinked, swallowed, glanced at Sherlock, turned back to Haymitch, and then shrugged, “But you’re our mentor, aren’t you supposed to teach us, about sponsors, and strategies and the like?”
He looked at his bare walls and imagined John playfully teasing him for the simplicity of his entire room; he looked at his small, black chair and wanted John to be sitting in it, saw his
“What’s wrong?” John pushed, noting the tense form of Sherlock’s rigid posture, the crease between his furrowed eyebrows, the nervous, skittish way he moved, facing just slightly away from where John sat on the edge of the mattress.
This time John couldn't keep the small puff of air from leaving his cheeks and he froze, feeling a number of eyes gazing his way, and looking up to find his literature teacher glaring scornfully at him.
“Sorry,” She squeaked quietly, “Ms. Hudson said you’d been napping.”
"I'm not
Sherlock felt himself blush and he quickly ducked his head to stare down at his feet, marveling over the words and remembering John’s text from what felt like ages ago —
The rugby captain lifted his eyes to her and scowled, crossing his arms over his chest in a pout and turning away from her smirk, clearing his throat as she tossed a rather classy button-down his way, the fabric soft and a shade of navy blue where it landed atop the side of his head.
favorite jeans and those somewhat pricey brown Oxford’s.
Mike huffed and shook his head, "That's because he hasn't divulged all of your most sacred secrets yet."
With a roll of his eyes, Sherlock let out a huff, “Oh, right. Yes. Good on you. I guess chivalry really
Throwing the carrot back, Greg continued, “That sod there is Bill Murray, also a rugby star and the very king of ice-cream.”
“Same here,” Greg nodded, resting his chin on the open palm of his hand.
“Your sister,” Sherlock uttered, more in conclusion to himself rather than directed at John, but the blonde nodded still, and let out a weary sigh.
“I like chemistry.”
With a sigh, he pulled on the shirt and turned fully to Mike, who had finally pulled his shoes on and was currently jumping up and down in place, stretching both arms, swinging them forwards and backwards, and exhaling deeply.
“Sure about that?” Coach the Roach interrogated, arching a thick brow and leaning down further into John’s personal space, “You’re team captain, Watson. Get your shit together, yeah?”
Madison HQ @
“Wouldn’t be John’s room without James Bond plastered across the thing,” Harry winked, smirking, and was rewarded with a slap upside the head, to which she cried out in both amusement and irritation.
“Right, so I think you and I should get coffee after school together. You know, save our livers and all.”
A moment of utter silence passed until John leaned back in his car seat and let loose a loud sigh, shaking his head and glancing out the driver’s side window, uttering softly, “You don’t deserve it.”
And then he stopped running, fell to his knees and shook his head, disappointed in himself, angry at his stubborn mind, at his thoughts, at his bloody emotions. He didn't want to care, he didn't want to worry, and he didn't want to think. And Sherlock Holmes loved to loved to think about the science behind things, he loved to think about what he observed, what he saw in the people mindlessly roaming his district. He loved to think.
Victoria @
Molly threw back her head as she guffawed, chestnut brown hair sliding off her shoulders to hang behind her before she composed herself, smiling shyly and turning away from the mirror to better face John, "As enlightening as that idea is, I need your opinion."
I really hope there's still a lot of you here that are still interested in this story.
Video Description:
: John why do you do this to us you’re both so fucking cute together help
Sherlock.
“Is this going to be an issue?”
the character.”
Sherlock had watched on in utter fascination as John went about helping his mother, grabbing a few things from the shelves and handing her all the proper utensils, admiring how similar they looked, how close they stood, how warm their expressions were as if there were no heartache or strife between either of them, only good memories and gentle thoughts. John occasionally glanced at Sherlock, shooting him a short wink or a light smile, which always set his heart on fire, its thumping increasing in speed almost instinctively, whilst he sat at the counter and looked on, watching the firm form of one John Watson step about in the kitchen, muscles rippling as he reached for dishes and cups, a sight Sherlock didn’t intend on looking away from until the very last second.
: 15,693
“Your family,” John started carefully, “what are they like?”
” He heard his name whispered into the crook of his neck and a shiver ran down his spine, across his arms, his throat bobbing as he swallowed, the feeling of want and need and desperate desire nearly driving him mad — it was new, the sensation of wanting someone so bad you were sure you’d implode if confiscated of their touch, and whilst John was a bit fearful of being that reliant on the touch of another, he wouldn’t dare let it go now that he had it.
He glanced at Sherlock, of whom was smirking — of course he bloody was, the git — and slowly shook his head, grabbing at his phone once more, left forgotten in his lap, and typing away at his keyboard.
, and see what happens,” Siger practically roared, grip tightening.
John stood up, grabbing his tray of food and school bag and leaving the table, heading directly for that special booth tucked away in the back of the cafeteria where a special someone sat arched over the same, tattered notebook he seemed to always be scribbling in.
It wasn’t until lunchtime that Sherlock finally got his daily dose of John Watson, the blue of those eyes, the golden shimmer of that hair, the rippling of muscles that lay hidden beneath the swell of a fluffy oatmeal jumper. Sherlock had gathered his things and plummeted down in his usual corner table, alone and secluded from the rest of the student population, his body hunched over, shoulders drawn forwards as he scrolled lazily through his newest comments, berating himself for the lack of new uploads. It was when he had finally lifted his head from the bright light of his mobile screen that he noticed the rugby captain approaching, all smiles and warmth and gentle movements. He swallowed thickly and watched as the blonde did as he had before, placing his tray down with a smack and sitting effortlessly across from Sherlock Holmes, as though no one was watching him, as though the entirety of his circle of friends weren’t glaring, as though the girls who fancied him weren’t glancing over enviously.
“It was more than that,” She awed, “it was practically angelic!”
And yet, he’d grabbed his mobile, taken a deep breath, and formulated a message.
And the vlogger couldn’t help but stare now, at the clear porcelain of Sherlock’s complexion, bare from his costume’s desired makeup, pale and merely blemished by the healing of his bruised features, and want; he wanted to taste every inch of that snow-white skin, his cheekbones and just above his dark brows and beside his eyes and the corners of his mouth, the tip of his nose, the soft surface of his forehead and his lips once more, now free of lipstick, simply bare and pink and plush and slightly swollen from where John had nibbled at them earlier. And
Blinking, John shook his head and sighed, “Christ, mate, you’re such a moron.”
Shit.
John nodded and forced a small smile, turning away from Sholto and back over to Stamford, the boy catching his eye as he did so and beaming back at him.
No, he shouldn't bother John. But perhaps John
Siger Holmes was the Holmes relative gone bad. He was the man in the family that had been far too influenced by grief and loss, and turned to alcohol to cope. Most of Sherlock's distant relatives sympathized for him.
John instantly pulled him closer with two hands on Sherlock’s hips, frowning at the boy in his arms curiously, and letting his thumb rub circles against the skin of Sherlock’s waist, “What is it?”
He carefully made his way past the more crowded tables, sauntering quickly to the back of the cafeteria, spotting an empty table beside a group of laughing boys, their trays half empty and their school bags gathered by their feet. He sat down, placing his food on the surface before him and watching the students beside him with discreet interest; they had the hands that weren’t holding forks full of food on playing cards, a pile on the table amidst them, of which they all seemed terribly entranced by, gawking wildly at who put down what. John frowned, shook his head in amusement and made to turn away, but not before catching the eye of a dark-haired boy, a bright smile welcoming him as their gazes clashed. He quickly looked back down at his food and winced a bit to himself as the boy in his peripheral vision got to his feet, cards still held tight in his fingers as he approached John’s lonely table with ease.
“Sherlock.”
Lady White @
John shut his bedroom door behind him, smiling softly to himself as he put down his school bag and rugby gear and ran a hand through his sweat soaked hair.
” and with a final wink, he vanished from view.
He was startled from his spying by one of Greg’s straying fingers, jabbing him sharply in the side, a grin on his face as he watched John come back to himself.
He opened his eyes. When had he closed them?
He heard Molly ordering takeaway on her mobile, quick and efficient, still determined to get something nutritious in him, before she reappeared in the living room, watching him cautiously from where he stood, glaring out the window, her hands playing with the hem of her large sweater.
John, he was
He took note of how Sherlock’s blush brightened his ethereal eyes and admired the way the boy glanced down at John’s hands, a faint disbelieving smile pulling at his lips, like he couldn’t believe they were there, pressed against him, before he lifted his head and met John’s half-lidded gaze.
Sherlock swallowed, blinking down at the phone still in his hands, the students around him gathering up their belongings and heading towards their next classes, his heart beating far too rapidly against the confines of his ribcage. What had just happened?
His fist clenched around the bronze bee.
This boy was a regular Einstein.
John looked down, his features remaining flat and stoic, though inside he wanted to hunt down whoever this arsehole was and end him, the rat poison Romeo used on himself a rather inspiring weapon right about now.
Sherlock found luxury in the sound of John’s voice, his heart clenching with knowledge of the fact that John had come for
With a deep breath and a nod of his head in both Molly’s and John’s direction, he stated a sharp, “Good luck with your digging then,” and turned to leave, body hunched and guarded, expression a mask of simplicity.
Johnlock is Key boiissss @
“What went well?”
had told him off for an experiment gone wrong, or simply his experiments in general — eyeballs in the sugar, toes lying in baggies behind cans of tomato soup, fingernails atop the counter.
: you tell them John !
John snorted and nodded, lifting his hands in a surrender and grinning at the boy before him, “Alright, okay, alright.”
And then it dawned on him.
: (Poll) Who do you ship more? @
Sherlock lugged his duffle bag beside him, dropping it down by his feet as he plummeted into one of the many desks lining his math class, the late bell only just ringing for his last lesson of the day. He dropped his arms onto the table and laid his head atop them, using his one wrist to hide, best he could, the gash along his eyebrow.
did those things —
“I find murder incredibly interesting,” Sherlock smirked, meeting John’s bright blue eyes, warm and humorous.
“Yay!” Molly cried out, sending a jolt through Sherlock, his body flinching at the sudden exclamation, her grin far too chipper, eyes wide with excitement and hands lifting from her phone to clap happily at their exchange. “Now I’m definitely going.”
jokes.
And he did it all with a scowl firmly in place.
“You are going to bugger up your life by merely
, giving himself a pat on the back for his efforts, for each big gain he made in terms of subscribers, and treating himself to an extra cigarette every day that week, just because.
"No, I just," Sherlock cleared his throat, and huffed, shrugging his shoulders and glancing timidly up at the man pouring his scotch, "I just
Sherlock simply stared at the table, one hand out of his pocket now and on the handle of his old backpack, more than ready to bolt.
“Um, hello,” She scoffed, her linked arm dragging John back into motion again, the two of them headed in the direction of their first classes of the day, ignoring the buzz and chatter of their fellow schoolmates as they passed a number of them, “Do you know how many diseases you can get from unprotected sex?”
All the best to you all, and I hope you enjoy Cirrhosis. :)x
“You would know,” He snapped back, eyeing Sebastian steadily, deducing —
come running to me when all of this blows right up in that stupid, bloody face of yours, understood?”
Mycroft remained silent, standing near the window, pointedly staring directly at Sherlock’s hunched position in his chair, back arched, the grip his hand had on the neck of his violin beginning to fall limp. He watched his little brother and for once in his life fell completely rattled. He didn't know what to do - he always knew what to do, he always had a plan of action, a way out, a spur of the moment conjuring of his brightest ideas and yet here he was: observing his brother in the utmost pain and having no clue how to put an end to it.
And with that, he turned to leave, heart thrumming in his chest so quickly it hurt, gut painfully bitter, eyes stinging with an anger that verged on devastation — but there it was again, that hand, those fingers that latched on to his wrist and kept him afloat, warm and steady, strong and bold, gripping him and telling him to
: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
“Yes.”
And it continues. ~ Thank you so much for the kudos!
"Good," His older sibling nodded, gazing off ahead of him toward the center square, now completely in view, children and teenagers basically stumbling into one another as they slowly got into place for the reaping.
“Sherlock, we need to talk about this,” Mycroft pushed with a scowl, and placed both his hands on the back of
John beamed at the sound and let out a soft sigh, dropping his palms down from Sherlock’s cheeks to clutch his hands, intertwining their fingers, John so careful and gentle that Sherlock continued to feel as though he were made of porcelain.
