“Thanks,” Matt told Cap, pulling off his baseball cap and trying to tame his copper hair. “I’d never forgive myself if I didn’t ask, but can I get a handshake from Thor? It’s not everyday that I get to meet an Asgardian.”
"Huh?” Hawkeye asked, squinting around them. The window at the end of the hall gave them a little light, but it wasn't much.
“I can. It’s not going to be much fun unless you take some painkillers first, though,” he said dubiously, leaning to look at the trickle of blood that was once again running down Clint’s arm. Aw, damn it, had he scraped it on the rock?
"Yeah. We could do that, or, just a thought, we train with lasers and robots." He gave Bruce a sly grin. "You know, shoot stuff...smash stuff."
He had no idea what time it was now, but it felt like he'd actually slept in late. Whatever. He didn't feel like facing Steve again any sooner than he had to, anyway.
As ready as he’d just been to tumble over the edge and spit out everything he’d wanted to say for a long time now, the words stuck in Tony’s throat. He opened his mouth to speak, then swallowed hard, licked his lips, and tried again.
“Me neither,” Bruce replied mildly, tying up a stitch. “But I’ve thought about it. It’s all kind of a hopeless cause now with my ‘condition’, anyway.” He leaned and picked up the little scissors from the first aid kit, snipping the thread. No way—he was done with all of the stitches already?
"Bruce!" Hawkeye spun, looking around at the bushes like something was about to jump on him. "Where are you? Are you okay?"
Cap watched it in awe. Tony always had some kind of trick up his sleeve—in this case, a robotic hand.
Peter stuck out a hand and assured them all, "It'll be super fast, too—I know this great place! Er, but I'm gonna have to borrow your phone, and I'm kinda broke at the moment...eheh."
"I think it's rainbow sherbet," Bruce mused, looking at the ice-cream closely. The colorful ice-cream was sandwiched between two mint green cookies, which was funny, Bruce going for the green food. Had he done that on purpose?
“I’m pretty sure he’s just a normal guy, Cap,” Tony sighed. “He said he met Peter through the newspaper and they started going out for coffee together. And he thinks Peter’s busy all the time because of work, school, and ‘helping people.’ Talking to the Avengers, you’d think he’d just admit it’s super hero stuff if he knew about it, right?”
"Neither of you ought to toy with the captain's heart," Thor said, concerned and a bit stern. Tony wondered if he was only bothered now because Loki had shown interest in Cap, too.
Wade let go of Peter and bolted back around to give Matt a hug, practically knocking the poor man’s sandwich from his hands in his enthusiasm.
“Well, I’m grateful that you’re all alright. We ran into Loki early this morning and tried to get everyone back to camp, but we couldn’t get through to you.”
Bruce took a slow, deep breath, directing his green eyes to the floor. He felt more sad than angry, though—and tired. Really tired.
"Like hitting a wall would even faze you," Peter replied, a bit annoyed. "Did you know you smell like perfume?"
Trying not to wobble as he stepped out after being hauled ashore with the kayak, Tony grabbed Steve's hand without hesitation.
"Well, it depends on whether Matt stays. If he does, we've got the right number of people to pair them up into teams," he explained hopefully. "It kind of felt like I didn't bring anything to the vacation, so last night I used up the last bit of my phone's battery searching for ideas, and..." He looked at Cap to gauge how favorable his reaction was, suggesting, "Kayak flag race? Two people in each one, and they have to go grab all the flags on the map, any order they want. No flying or tech or web shooters, just two people who have to paddle together to move."
"Ugh, get a room." He headed back over to perch next to Bruce again, sitting his glass of water on the small metal table by the bed.
Bruce shrugged his shoulders a little, fidgeting with his hair and keeping his arms hugged close to his sides.
"Spidey!" Deadpool exclaimed from the rooftop, arms wide. "Aw, c'mere and gimme a hug you lovebug you!"
“You need to stay out here,” Cap told him sternly, stopping the vigilante with a hand. “I’ll get Deadpool.” Turning on his heel, Cap hurried back to the cabin. Hopefully HE didn’t start a fight.
"You are harmless to me right now—there is no need to sit in a cell anymore," Doom informed him in an almost exasperated way, reaching and grabbing one of his arms to hoist him up. Steve got the feeling Doom could lift things much, much heavier than him.
Peter just about hit them into the side of a building at that. Wade wasn't exactly being subtle about his invasion of personal space today, jeez.
Maybe he was just tired enough to be loopy, but Bruce actually placed a hand on Clint's shoulder in return, leaving their arms almost linked, and replied in a calming tone, "We're not going anywhere, Clint."
"Tony might know," Bruce said evenly, mixing some of the chemicals together. He looked like he'd rather be sleeping on his face on the couch right now.
“You shouldn’t drink that! Sugar will spoil your appetite. There’s plenty of real food here.” The captain turned and quickly started to take sandwich fixings out of the fridge, placing them on the counter. “Do you like ham and cheese?”
The door opened suddenly and a familiar face poked in. Steve stumbled in slowly, bracing himself on the medical table where Loki sat.
Except, Steve wasn't really paying attention. Usually he was all over a topic if it was a concern for Peter, but he almost seemed to be avoiding talking to Tony at all right now. He didn't honestly believe they were JUST out here for a kayak race, right?
"Inside, bleeding," Hawkeye said with a shrug. It was a good thing Tony already knew about all of that or he might assume that they were trying to break out for a more evil reason. "Don't worry—we left him with Cap in the living room."
“I hear there’s a sunken boat out there,” Wade said in the sudden silence. “An old man tried to hide a chest full of jewels, but he got caught and was never heard of again! Behind the waterfall. To the North. Definitely not in the South of the lake! So, bugs, we gotta hike around the lake and go North!”
“Oh, OH NO. We are way past that! If Matt got to get all smoochy with you in front of them, so do I!”
“Dibs on Cap!” Wade shouted, grabbing Steve protectively. “It’d be totally unfair to have two super dudes on one team.”
"I promise no funny business. Maybe a neck massage—but nothing weird." He shrugged, holding his blanket close.
Panicking, Peter grabbed Wade around the waist, shot a web into the treetops, and pulled them both up and hopefully out of sight.
Due to a record-breaking heatwave, this chapter is a day late—sorry about that! As always, comments and kudos make our day. ♥
And Bruce probably really did know them, from Steve’s morning workout routine to what Tony liked to tinker with in his lab, because the Hulk had been around for those things. Never mind being a guy that smart and spending your whole day directed by somebody whose favorite pastime was crushing things with his bare fists…
"...I'm gonna run some more tests," he said, glancing at the Clint in pajamas and then back to T-shirt Clint. "It's possible Doom did something—Cap and Pepper said he spent the most time alone with you."
It was almost noon and the beach looked as busy as earlier. A happy looking couple chatted as they scrolled by, hand in hand and lost in each other’s gaze.
Loki was the type who might meddle with them just for the fun of it, but he seemed rather more serious here. Like he had a goal in mind.
"Well, it's worth a try." Hawkeye shrugged, sticking the light arrow into the wall and drawing a new arrow. They all moved away from the door, taking cover behind the far row of beds. With expert skill, the archer fired the arrow into the door.
"Oh...right." Peter hopped off of the bike and snapped a web to the garage, winding up to stick to the door. He gestured grandly for Deadpool to start walking. "Bye-bye, nice having friends over and all but shoo!"
Scout for a spot where he could bury the box. Maybe even out in the water. There was a chance it would be unburied as the waves came and went, but maybe Clint could pike stones on top of it? Or just swim out really far.
“I told them I was looking for you,” Matt said, smiling warmly as he leaned in to give Peter a kiss.
The taxi finally came to a stop—so abruptly that the passengers nearly smacked against the cage divider. The driver popped his door open and hurried away across the room like a bomb was about to go off.
"I hate to tell you this, Cap, but Peter's already been with this guy unattended for who knows how long back home," Tony said bitterly back. "You wanna pretend we're a couple, can you start with standing still and pretending to listen to me for a second?" Wow, that sounded a lot more bitter than he'd intended. Too late now.
"We w-went into his p-private quarters," Steve replied, looking down at the brown-eyed man. "After—" He coughed, hunching forward so much that they almost bumped heads. "A-after everyone was g-gone."
“That sounds great.” Cap rested a hand on Tony’s back in passing, bending to hoist the kayak up by an end. Peter tilted his head, noting that Tony shot the blond a smile in return. Hmm. “Thor,” Cap continued, “Perhaps you can help me return the kayaks? Everyone else, it’s time to pack.”
"A fine idea!" Thor smiled and looked up at the ceiling as he tended to do when speaking to Jarvis. "Jarvis, have you been listening?"
"Okay," he said finally. Not his most intelligent comment ever, but it got the point across, and the awkward silence was broken.
He hadn’t noticed before, but Tony was over on the beach where Cap was too, perched in a lounge chair with a drink. Hey, maybe they worked out whatever was bothering them the day before.
“You’re right,” Tony said, sounding bemused about how things came to this. “The timing’s too close for it to be unrelated, right? And Hulk was still Hulk when he left with Clint.” He glanced at the trail up to the camp again, shaking his head. “Where did they head off to last night? I saw them just go into the trees.”
"Hey, Hawkeye, are you in there?" Tony's voice came from the other side. Strangely enough, it sounded like he was still speaking through his Iron Man suit.
Bruce stared at the two in front of them, stunned. The other two Clints had been...Amora the Enchantress...and LOKI?
"Doom wishes to harm no-one," the masked man informed him. In that dark, ominous voice and coming from that scowling metal mask while they were in his own personal dungeon, that was just a bit hard to believe.
“I apologize. I didn’t mean to overstep boundaries, just...” The captain sighed, glancing after Lola. “Something about that woman bothers me. She seems like she’s after something.”
Oh, no. Thor was going to bring Loki back to the Avengers mansion with him? Where was she going to fit into one of the cars, even?
“Yeah. He’s clearly lost, and we wouldn’t want him to wander into Camp Piña Colada with Loki or something,” he admitted, sounding weary. “For all we know Thor went back to looking for Peter instead of just flying back to camp.”
All had been silent in the basement for a long while. The fact that the room contained Tony Stark and was still silent was a sign of just how much power the mansion was sapping out of him. He was starting to look a little pale, and was leaning against the wall. Steve watched him sadly, weighing if he should pull the plug yet. Between a cure for himself or Tony’s life, there was no contest.
“Thanks for the help,” the man said, still smiling as he started off, walking stick tapping the ground in front of him.
"Nothing t-that won't heal with t-time." His wrists were sore from the shackles. Whatever Doctor Doom had made them out of actually had scraped his hands up a bit, but nothing too bad.
Whether Peter was lying about being eighteen or not, there was no way the three of them were dating. Not a snowball’s chance in hell, in Clint’s opinion.
"TONY?!" Apparently the mere mention of Tony just made the Hulk angrier. Or maybe anything would have and he just needed something to yell?
"Oh," Bruce said, and tired as he was he didn't bother to disguise the disappointment in his voice. Whatever. At this point, if the Hulk showed up at least he would get a break from this awkward conversation...as selfish as that was to even think about.
Loki hurriedly leaned away from Thor. His brother was far from a master of subtle cues, but seemed to get the idea this time—he carefully lay Loki back down on the pillow and busied himself with tucking the blankets and rearranging the pillow.
"H-Hawkeye, give him a hand," Tony grumbled. "C'mon, Cap's suffering." Having everyone in one room was chaotic.
“It’s a pleasure,” Steve said, though the expression on his face said otherwise. “Is it safe to assume that you usually work with Peter?”
"I don't know how." More like didn't want to. If he could just make it back into the hallway for a few seconds...he could teleport out, heal up and return to another part of the mansion with an illusion of an injury. No one would know, he could continue his plan and not pass out from blood loss.
Realizing that his back was exposed to the sun behind him, Clint hurriedly opened the sunscreen bottle and started sloppily slathering up. No burns this time, mister sunlight. No sir.
Doom stepped inside and hauled Clint up by one arm, proving offhand that he'd just thrown him on the floor out of spite. A moment later and the blond was being shackled to the wall right beside Cap. Once the captain got a better look at him, he saw that Clint was only wearing his pants, and was a bit scuffed up from the dungeon floor.
"Not right now," he admitted, picking up the round metal piece on the other end and holding it up near Loki's chest. "He's very weak, and he seems exhausted."
Thanks for checking out our fic! We're Marvel fans from years back who just became active in the fandom again (after binge watching Earth's Mightiest Heroes again and binge reading a whole bunch of Marvel comics.) We've co-written lots of chapter fics, and wrote a great deal of Marvel fic back in the day, but didn't publish much of it (editing 500k is a big undertaking!) Therefore, this is our first POSTED Marvel co-written story.
"Man! This place is huge! You know, I'm rich too. Maybe I should build a mansion and get a team together. We can totally call ourselves the 'Revengers!'" Deadpool did a fist pump in the air. "Awesome!" He noticed that Pepper had kept walking and chased after her, practically making circles around her as they walked. "So, they aren't like, scary, right? Are they gonna make us take a chaperone?"
"Doom found the card. I'm sure of it," Steve groaned. "We may be here for some time. Maybe I can convince him to let you go..."
"Cut me some slack, Wolvie, anybody'd look scrawny beside you," Peter quipped, reaching up and grabbing onto the brawny man's arms. With a tug, he pulled himself upright and crossed his arms, now nose-to-nose with Wolverine.
"Oh, really?" Tony glanced at Ms. Marvel, and Carol could practically see the smirk through his mask just from his tone of voice. "Do tell."
“Haven’t we meddled enough?” Matt asked, taking his arm. Wade ducked around them to take Matt’s other arm, pausing for a second to down his hot chocolate and toss the mug.
“Maybe you should let him wake up on his own?” Steve called after him. “God,” he sighed, stepping over with Tony. “What about bears?”
So, Clint had decided to get up early and drown his thoughts out with food. Cap was right, he’d have a better day if he had a good breakfast.
"The other guy stepped on my bed, too," Bruce replied, by way of explanation. The floor in there was crunched to bits, but he was tired enough to even curl up and sleep on that if he had to. If Clint would let him crash on his bed, or even on his carpeted floor, that sounded a lot better.
"Yeah," Hawkeye mumbled, pulling out his card out now that it worked again and pressing the button. "Hey Thor—you alive out there?"
“Alright,” Cap agreed, dropping his gaze to the camp fire. “If you two could relieve Thor of guard duty, I’d appreciate it. He’s down on the shore.”
"Aye!" Thor sounded quite a bit like thunder right next to his ear like that. He seemed completely unbothered by the stormy weather—maybe even a little exhilarated by it as they sped off over the cityscape.
"You'll marry me?" Steve said, shocked. “Oh, you mean the…” Cap moved his hand off of the Arc reactor, looking at it closely.
“Is that Thor landing at the other camp?” Steve hissed in a whisper, stopping behind a short clump of bushes outside of the fancy campsite. Sticking his hands through carefully, he parted the leaves to get a better view.
"Lots of criminals move around in the dark—I do!" Deadpool grinned, for once his large mouth visible. He noticed that Peter's hotdog had been scraped off. "Hey. You got rid of the good stuff."
“I think that’s a bad idea,” Clint told him, propping himself up on a rock and crossing his arms. “If people think we’re gay now…” He shook his head.
Bruce froze and stood there stiffly. The needle—the TITANIUM needle—had just stabbed right into the base of his hand below his thumb. Bruce gritted his teeth and stayed remarkably calm about it.
"I know what Doom did." The Clint in the black tee turned away. "And I don't want to talk about it."
He headed back toward the medical room door, probably with the medical supplies there in mind. If the Hulk was there when Loki was, though, that hardly gave him any chance to escape...
Loki tried to clear his mind of all the distractions, taking a deep breath as quietly as he could. He still needed to find that arrow. There was no way he could allow the Avengers to have a weapon that hurt him—even if they didn't know it did. But why else would they make a magical arrow? Surely not to hurt Thor.
“Honest to god, any trouble at all, Reed,” Steve said into the phone for the fifth time, blue eyes gazing sadly out the windshield of the SUV.
The lights fluttered between darkness and some too-bright, overcharged state. Tony, meanwhile, was gasping and clutching at Steve's hand.
Sputtering out seawater, Peter found himself chuckling. He could fight off all of the weirdos in animal suits back home, but water caught him off-guard? It may have been kind of a long day in the trunk.
The screaming crowds had stampeded down the street, pushing the baby's stroller away from its mother and onto a slope. It had rolled away...downhill and into the side of a dumpster. The screen faded to black as the baby's eyes glowed red and it gnawed right through the stroller's straps...
Bruce had just stepped back over to put an arm around Cap's waist and let the man lean on his slim shoulders—since Hawkeye wasn't jumping to offer to help, for some reason—when there was a loud crashing sound out in the hallway.
"T-that's true," he mumbled and handed the card back to Hawkeye. "Thank you, Clint." After a pause and a sip of water, he glanced at Loki and then to Bruce. "Have you f-figured out which is real?"
The only way Cap could think of explaining himself was in a letter. It was silent, dodging Daredevil’s super hearing, and it was easy to tear up if he changed his mind about handing it to Tony. Without any actual paper along on their vacation, he had settled for writing on the back of one of the recipe cards he’d brought along. He wasn’t a good cook anyway.
Doctor Doom turned in a swoosh of green cloak and headed to one of the countertops that didn't have chemicals cooking on it, moving something glass around. Cap heard liquid being poured.
"How much basil?" Tony's voice made him freeze and listen closely. C'mon Logan--err, onion. "Is there a measurement to this, or just...pinch?" Peter took the minced onions and started to mix them with the bread crumbs, trying to pick out any hint of a sniffle from Tony. His voice sounded a little watery, but there was absolutely not one sniffle to be had from him. Maybe it was a matter of pride or something?
"S-sorry." Loki groaned, laying an arm over his forehead and squinting up at Bruce. Why apologize? The mortal had it coming—and a lot more. The alcohol had caught him off guard, that was all. "Great, now you're tag teaming me..."
“Shouldn’t we bring the molotovs that I don’t have with me?” Deadpool whispered, his voice muffled by the laughter coming from the other fire.
"He's 18, he barely knows what a serious relationship is!" He replied quietly as well. He kind of wanted to just say it loudly so Wade over there would get the picture.
Between Peter’s web slinging and Matt’s acrobatics, they had made good time while tracking Deadpool. He’d led them on a wild goose chase all the way around the lake…straight to Loki’s campsite.
"Man, that sounds lame!" Johnny glanced and noticed the mansion ahead of them. "Hey, are you on your way to a mission?" He suddenly sounded excited, speeding up to fly ahead of Spider-Man. "Can I come? Please?"
The thought had just occurred to him that Hawkeye happening to be kidnapped the same time they happened to have an impostor Hawkeye was an awfully big coincidence.
"So, he got to...kiss you?" Loki summoned a flush to his cheeks, smiling that same warm smile that he’d seen on the real Hawkeye…ONCE. The man was typically full of complaints and frowns. Though Loki suspected they were mostly for show.
He went to take a sip of his coffee, then froze, eyes widening. Sitting the cup back down, he turned to Steve grimly.
“I can go to the shop at the edge of the beach and get you a tooth brush and some basics. Is there anything else you need? Sandals? Underwear? A comb?”
"That's me!" The masked man said happily. He sounded like he was grinning. Flipping up over the fence and onto her side, he waved a hand. "You seen my boy Spidey around lately?"
Bruce blinked and looked back from the doorway to the blond, realizing that he'd never replied. He'd gone over his options in his head, yet outwardly he'd just been standing there.
“Yeah, root beer miserable,” Clint grumbled before the scientist’s words sunk in. Sunscreen? Bruce needed sunscreen? Playing it cool, Clint shrugged. “Sure, I can get your back if you want.”
"Uh...right," Pepper said. It was hard to tell if the cough afterward was caused by her dry throat, or trying very hard to change the subject. "And he took your Avengers cards, right?"
"I guess I'll have to ask him. It's worth the risk." He looked down at Pepper.  "Thank you, Miss Potts."
Ooh. It was such a perfect setup and Loki did none of the work! All he had to do was set it in motion. It was just too good. He turned back to Thor, bringing a mistiness to his borrowed blue eyes, placing a hand on his stepbrother’s.
"Hold it," Tony said, grabbing his shoulder. Really, he wasn't even going to comment after Thor went and said that?
"...Banner says you're right." He reached back and dug in his pants pockets. The syringe was probably too tiny not to crush by accident. "Maybe Banner should be here," he said gruffly.
“Are you alright?” Cap asked, noticing the blood on his hand and then the arrow. It didn’t even take a second for him to be frowning at Hawkeye. “You told me you scouted and that nobody was camping over here. Good god! We need to get him to the hospital!” Taking Wade around the shoulders, Cap hauled him back toward the campsite, Clint hurrying after him.
S’mores were amazing. Since his argument with Tony, Cap’s sweet tooth had come out to play. Root beer and chocolate just hit the spot.
“Wow,” he said, mystified. “You’re not parting ways after vacation at all, then!” His brain was whirling with questions, none of which really WERE any of his business but all of which he was really confused about. Were they dating before the vacation? Did Loki plan to show up here and meet them all along? She—he? So many questions!—sure had seemed to meet Peter by chance. Loki was probably pretty good at acting that sort of meeting, though.
“I was saving him, fool,” he huffed angrily, unable to stand on his own much either. “An investment to stave off the boredom later.”
Loki paused, adding, “Poetically speaking, of course.” He waved a hand at Tony. “Find a lesser mortal to throw your lust at.” He sat back up, grinning at Stark. “Captain America will live forever, so take comfort that, someday, when you lay dead and cold in a grave, he'll look to other immortals for comfort.” Placing a dramatic hand on his chest, he smiled sweetly. “Like me.”
"Then that's not really your fault," Bruce pointed out, looking at him sidelong. Dubiously, he added, "Clones don't get the person's memories, though—and you're definitely you."
Bruce sighed and took a seat at the table, leaning on it heavily with his arms folded in front of him.
"I feel a little bad for how I got Cap to agree to this," Peter confessed, looking sheepish. "Although Matt's better at improv than I thought. He sure knows how to hit a guy where it hurts--right in the responsibility."
"Listen, no offense to you, Hulk, but we really need Bruce back to work on this medical stuff. Even if he’s not that kind of doctor. Once I figure out who caused all this trouble, I promise you’ll get to help smash 'em."
Frowning, Clint decided to wait on telling Bruce that. Cap and Tony had been pretty damn clear about Hulk not being allowed on the trip.
"I can't. What if he says no? I don't know if I can live with that.” Steve was trying very hard to speak as honestly as he could, but this felt like the wrong time. He and Tony had other things to worry about, like keeping the Avengers in one piece. When did they have time to sort out whatever it was that had been going on between them? No, this was a mistake. “But thank you for speaking with me.”
“You sure you wanna go inside? The rain’s warm!” Following happily after him, Clint smirked. He tugged on the scientist’s hand and slowed down. “Besides, I’ve got something to say to you.”
"It's actually kind of brilliant," Peter said, raising his eyebrows. "They'll think they're distracting themselves and doing a team thing and they'll really be off alone for hours. Maybe even all day."
“Well, he’s right here to talk to. And Matt stayed the night, so he and Wade can talk at each other. Bonus,” he said drolly, dropping the blanket to rummage for some clothes. Shoving on the first shirt he found—a red polo that didn’t quite manage to hide the top of the Arc reactor—he put his jeans on over the trunks. Whatever, they were in the middle of the woods and nobody cared if they were actual boxers or not.
The bloodstained bandage on the second Clint caught his eye. The archer hadn't moved, even when Cap dove out the door. He waved a hand at Thor.
At first, taking over the world involved destroying the humans and their culture and turning them into a slave race. That had been done before, though. Now that the demi-god had spent a few weeks milling around on Midgard, he was changing his plans.
“Dear God,” Steve breathed, swimming away again. He made a circle and when he arrived back, he sighed. “Alright. Say they are dating, how do we stop… No.” Slowly, Cap shook his head. “We should trust Peter to make his own judgment. I guess.”
"We didn't bring any," Peter said somewhat nervously. Why did he only realize how tall Deadpool was when the man had him in a too-close-for-comfort hug?
"Wanna smash who poisoned him," the Hulk grumbled, smacking a fist into his palm. He seemed resigned, though.
The archer shook his head, baffled. What made them think that? Did Tony really believe that stupid tabloid?
“Oh yeah?” The other man scoffed, flipping frantically through the newspaper. After a second, he held it up for Steve to read. “THIS article has a picture!”
The sleepiness was abruptly shaken away, and he could feel his heart thudding in his chest. That...probably wasn't a good thing.
"Tsk, tsk," Peter told the Hulk. He was promptly roared at, and had to swing out of the way when the park bench was chucked at him. "I'll see if mine still works! Hopefully I brought it..." He swung onto the roof of the nearest tall building and rummaged in the storage pockets on his sleeves and boots. "...Well, crap."
Peter took a big bite of the s'more and considered how to answer the question. "It's complicated. I can't just tell people about him or go around school together or anything," he admitted, looking at Cap worriedly. On a scale of one to ten, how overprotective would Cap be if he heard who exactly Peter was alluding to? Based on the worried look on the blond's face just hearing Peter was nervous, the answer was 'eleven'.
Clint glanced that way, trying not to be too obvious about it. God, the drama in this room put soap operas to shame.
It was strange to see Matt in his jeans and tee, without his glasses or mask while he leaped from tree to tree.
Thor was silent for a moment, then said carefully, "I will relay this information to Iron Man. Wait a moment." The card flickered off.
Up this close, he could probably see just how tired Bruce was. His eyes were weary, and with the wet hair and the scruffy beard, he felt he really was the picture of a man who hadn't slept in days.
Obviously disappointed at the lack of enthusiasm, Hawkeye tucked his bow onto his back and helped Cap along to the door.
"Names in this story have been changed to protect the identities of those involved," Peter said grimly, "So we'll just call him...Logan." HAD a skin-stealing super villain ever gone after Wolverine? Peter wouldn't put it past the X-men, they got some real weirdos for villains. Not as loopy as his, but...yeah, weird.
“About us, or about him and the weird love zig-zag situation he’s got going?” He had a feeling Steve was worried about the former. What would they even do if Peter didn’t approve of them getting married?
“The boyfriend,” Cap echoed through his teeth. “There’s no way that man is the same age as Peter. But we need to get to know him before we do anything rash,” the blond added tightly.
The ground was muddy down there, and there were a lot of trees. Clint could easily imagine Bruce unconscious on his face among the wet foliage.
"Look, I need to be alone for a minute. I mean, there's three of me! Am I even real?" He asked, feigning fear. "Please. I won't go anywhere."
“That’s a good idea, Peter.” Steve agreed, finally letting go of Wade. “We’ll go ahead and start the s’mores.”
Before he knew it, they were outside. It was dark, but the street lights made the mansion garden light enough not to stumble into things.
"Okay, if you say so, Thor then," Tony shrugged. "Hey Jarvis, tell Thor to come back here so he can babysit Clint."
The chilling scene was all visible in a flash of lightning. The ominous rumble of thunder that followed growled like some hungry creature as the hallway was again blanketed in shadows.
Daredevil and Wade started back their way, looking like they were caught up in some kind of argument. It was hard to hear over the weather.
As usual, with some problem to focus on besides their own, he and Steve could talk just fine. It was only when they tried to be direct with each other that things seemed to inevitably derail. If it wasn't Wade or Matt interrupting them, it was a damned shark. It really did feel like an earnest conversation with the big blond was impossible at this point.
"Well, purple dude went outside anyway." The mercenary shrugged. "He's probably washed away with the whales by now." He made a little wave with his hand in the air.
"Banner says you bled too much!" The Hulk's voice was already startling enough without the rise in volume that came with annoyance. "Don't. Sleep."
"Like I said before, I don't know where your motorcycle's at. Deadpool doesn't talk about stuff like that when he shows up, he rambles about Detroit and hot dogs."
It was strange that no one had bothered Bruce for hours. Not that he was complaining, but usually after an hour or so, somebody came barging in to make sure he hadn't turned green yet. Come to think of it...where was his Avengers card? The growing piles of papers on his current project had spread from a single stack to cover the desk, floor and even some of the wall. He ran a hand through his hair and sighed. It had to be in there somewhere.
“You’re bleeding again,” came the quiet comment from a few feet away. Bruce was sitting there on the rock next to him, wearing just his purple jeans and looking like maybe he was cold and ignoring it. He had his knees pulled up enough to rest his arms on top of them. “Nobody redid the stitches, did they?”
Matt frowned at the sound of Tony’s voice. Blowing out a breath, he got to his feet and turned toward the two men, casually offering Peter a hand up.
"You must endure with blankets awhile longer, friend," Thor said, looking sympathetic. "Iron Man has instructed that the cell remain sealed until his return." He glanced around the room. There was a phone on the desk. But he didn't know the number to call for food. Banner had said something about calling a number to ask about other numbers once...
“No, no, we straightened him out,” Cap told Bruce, sounding sad as he stepped back to stand at Tony’s side.
“Ask me anything you want,” Lola purred back, a gold-tipped finger playing with a strand of hair over her shoulder.
"Is THAT what you believe? One would think you would be eager NOT to be weak in Doom's presence anymore, then," he said drolly.
Staring at it, Peter shifted awkwardly from one foot to the other. T’challa had mentioned Lola was here and everything, but what else could he do? If the storm got much worse, Cap and Tony might get washed out to sea, here.
Maybe if they got together, Hulk would change his mind. It was really unlikely, but hey. There was a bigger chance that that would happen then he and Bruce actually getting together so the odds were in his favor.
"Super senses, especially touch, smell, and.." Tony glanced the way Matt and Wade had gone dubiously. "...Hearing." Right. There was no way Daredevil hadn't been able to hear every word they'd said standing this close, even if it was pouring rain.
"He's too aggressive," Bruce added quietly, stepping into the room as well. "He's not listening to you or anybody else. We're a team, and he's not acting like it." He wasn't just biased because this Clint had started to confess feelings for him, he told himself. He wasn't sure he quite believed it.
"We're about to head out and save 'em," Tony replied to Thor's question, sitting up from the wall and stepping over to Clint. He patted the blonde's shoulder. "Except we have an evil—"
Waving Peter around in the air like he was a doll was a big tall guy, dressed in Spider-Man print swimming trunks and a white tank top. He was grinning as he dangled Spidey, talking quickly.
“Out?” Cap wondered, thinking for a moment. “Oh. As queer,” he told himself more than Peter. Clearing his throat, he nodded as he grew serious again. Then the blond sighed, shaking his head and gazing up at the stars. “I forget that some of us have multiple lives to live. I’m sorry, Peter. It’s really none of my business. God, I feel like I’ve been saying that a lot lately.”
“Well, maybe you should lie down in the meantime.” He led Tony back toward the medical beds, hugging him close under his arm.
“Really? Out of that w-whole speech, THAT'S what you took from i-it?” Steve sighed. "W-what I mean is, if w-we had that ch-chance—" He stopped himself, rubbing his forehead and groaning. "It would b-be a horrible idea a-anyway."
"Scanned 'em and they are," he said in bemusement. Glancing at Steve, he added quickly, "REALLY fast. Like, not even five minutes, because I had to get back and save you and all that."
"Dude! I hate that guy!" Deadpool said loudly, dragging Peter along with him as he split away from the crowd. "So, how about we go apartment hunting, then?" He gave Peter's shoulder another squeeze. "Eh, BUB?" Wade said mockingly.
"I'm trying to just embrace having no plan," he admitted. "Maybe forgetting my tackle box has a silver lining. It's been years since I had a whole week to just spend time with anybody, so...what sounds like fun? You want to rent a metal detector, go on a treasure hunt? Meddle with Cap and Tony some more?" The last was said wryly, but Clint got the impression he was only half-kidding.
Well, so much for that idea. Cap seemed pretty unhappy with that absolute declaration, though. Peter started slathering a hamburger bun in ketchup and mustard just to stay busy, putting the cooked burger Cap had handed him on the bun and sandwiching it.
If that thought wasn’t a bad omen for the direction their friendship might go, Cap didn’t know what was.
"I mean sitting motionless, for hours, like I do every morning. You mean you're not watching that, too?"
"Uh?" Steve hummed, focused on breathing. "I'll be alright, Ms...P..." He squeezed his eyes shut as he coughed raggedly. They might not have time for Tony to find them.
"Okay..." Bruce side-stepped around so that Clint could see him and reached and swiped sunscreen from both hands onto Clint's arms. "You'd better get your ears and nose, too."
“I’m sorry, Bruce. I understand that you and Clint don’t want to be here and…” The blond grew sad, flicking stormy blue eyes back at Tony. “We actually wanted to tell you some good news, but everything’s been such a mess. We haven’t had the chance.”
"Do I smell waffles?" Peter leaned around the doorframe, peering hopefully into the kitchen. He rubbed at one eye sleepily, adding, "Are waffle irons allowed? They're technology-ish."
Thor looked at him with worry in his blue eyes. He seemed in no hurry to lay Loki down again or let go of him.
"...I could stand to get up and move around awhile, though," Bruce allowed, seeing that the blond man was restless. "Maybe we could watch some TV or cook or something." Not exactly thrilling pastimes...but, then, Bruce tried to avoid thrills and anything else that upped the heart rate.
"I've watched a few documentaries, too," Tony replied dryly, paddling steadily as well. He wasn't afraid of sharks—they were just wild animals. "Says they usually bump first, then trying taking a bite."
"Oh, the sandwiches!" Thor brightened. "Did the PB and J not agree with Banner?" He said it 'peebee and jay' like he didn't know what the letters actually meant. Clint was pretty sure the only sandwich Thor had ever tried was one made in the kitchen of the mansion, probably that one time it was Tony's turn to do the cooking and they wouldn't allow him to order takeout.
"Sorry. Forgot you were a nerd," he added with a chuckle. Hopefully Stark needed Thor around longer—his plan for the Hulk seemed to have taken a step backwards. How could Bruce be so calm? Watching the Clints fight seemed like it worked out pretty well to get him excited, but the oddly continuous flow of blood from Loki’s side made him think that now wasn't the best time for a rematch.
Falling quiet, he decided to let Bruce work for a moment. It made sense that Bruce didn’t like him. Every time they hung out, Clint was having to babysit him and since that was PAINFULLY boring he tended to get cranky.
"The one consistent thing between all of you is that you don't get along," Bruce replied, sighing. "They could attack you—one already did. You're real enough to me..."
Oh wow, Steve thought, feeling his face warm up. Why was everyone flirting with him? Was it because of the wet swim trucks or something?
Criminally, Cap slipped from bed to get dressed. Putting on jeans and a plain blue tee, he sat back down to pull on his boots.
"I'm j-just glad to have someone who understands s-science on my side," Steve wheezed, sitting back down. Hopefully the cure acted quickly–there was no way he could avoid talking once Tony showed back up after whatever was taking him so long.
"When we were swimming," he echoed, mystified. "I think I remember bits of that. Must be where the mermaid thoughts came from." He ran his fingers through his mussed hair, which had taken on a curl from all of the saltwater last night washing off any hair products he'd had in it. "Wait, did we-- Nah, that can't be right..." He sipped his coffee and pondered on this for a minute.
The assumed Loki, since he still looked like Clint, landed on the ground with a thunk. With Hulk on a rampage, he was lucky he looked like Clint. As he started to sit up, Amora landed on his back, wringing his neck.
“Not sure I believe that,” Tony said dryly, climbing out of the kayak while Cap still had a steady hold on it. “But hey, all’s well that ends well, right Cap?” He shot the big blond man a smile. “We’ll just grab a different kayak and get back out there and finish setting the flags.”
He couldn’t believe it! Hulk had gone into their camp last night and threw a TREE through their tent! Now HE was worried that Hulk was mad at them.
"We buy, then retreat to the stars!" He made a large sweeping motion to the building tops. "And I get to watch you put a wiener in your mouth." The merc snickered, poking Peter's cheek.
“Thor, wait,” he said, cringing even as he tried to phrase the next part in his head. What exactly was he supposed to say here? ‘Your summer fling is actually your super villain stepbrother’? Yeah, that would go over really well. What if he didn’t believe them?
"It's nothing that's wrong with you. I can't have that kind of relationship with my...condition." He sounded so frustrated and sad about that that Loki was pretty sure he wouldn't be picky about gender if he could be with ANYBODY at this point.
"Wait. Not last night, right? Weren't you working on the cure and stuff?" Loki asked as he sat forward on the couch, closing some distance between them. Clearly, the real archer had an effect on the doctor. Consciously or not.
Matt. Right, that was the guy’s name. He had been wearing a red suit when he arrived and since he could apparently hear through walls, Clint assumed he was another super person. Which helped explain how he got around so normally, despite the blind blue eyes staring at him right then.
Thor carefully unwrapped the cape from around Cap. It was soaking wet, and probably just making him cold.
"Like I said, I don't want Thor to tag along." He slid an arm over Bruce's shoulders to better guide him. "And it's easier to blend in without a demigod following us around."
Clint’s eyes drifted to the other man’s back, noticing the freckles sprinkled across his shoulders. He looked down at the bottle of sunscreen in his hand.
“Evening plans?” Hawkeye asked, getting the door for his friend. Even with all the obnoxious colors, Bruce made his new outfit look good. Too bad he had dumped the tank top. He just couldn’t muster guilt over the tackle box. It was a roadblock to getting any closer to Bruce and he was determined to bury the damn thing as soon as he had the chance!
"Where did this new Hawkeye come from?" He asked Thor and Cap, still frowning. What was going on, here? Why copy Clint, of all people?
“Um, OW?” Clint growled, spitting to try and get the taste of blood out of his mouth, which didn’t work at all. “So, what’s the verdict?”
Pepper stepped over, too, more focused on avoiding looking at Doom than anything at the moment. She seemed like she couldn't get out of there too soon.
Looking off longingly down the hall, Loki turned back toward the medical room. If he acted too suspicious, his cover would be blown too soon.
“All is well—do not trouble yourself, Banner,” Thor said, stepping along after the two of them. “If indeed we are finished with the archery, though, perhaps we could return to the s’mores?”
“For some who is so acrobatic, I thought you’d be fond of hiking,” Steve called ahead to Clint. “Consider it an exercise if you want.”
"We'll take really good care of him," Tony added. "We're a couple of geniuses, we'll have a cure cooked up in no time."
“No, that’s right,” Cap told him, trying not to sound uncomfortable. “I carried you to the cabin so you wouldn’t break your neck. Do you remember what we talked about while we were swimming?”
"Huh. That explains why the cards aren't working." Carol sighed, flying up a bit higher to glance back at the mansion. "Look, I really should get back there. I saw Thor zoom off earlier and I figured he was looking for you, but he never came back."
Peter couldn’t help smiling at that. Maybe they didn’t need to have some big conversation or ultimatum talk. Maybe the three of them should just hang out and see how that went on its own. It had been an excuse to get the kayak race plan started, but Peter really WAS enjoying just spending some time with Matt and Wade without fighting crime for once.
“I’ll stay, Peter,” Matt added in, patting the hand on his shoulder. “I can call work and let them know I’ll be out for another day.”
The bow was yanked from Loki’s hand while he was distracted by the memories of being struck by lightning. Hawkeye pulled another arrow from his quiver— unceremoniously stabbing Loki in the side with it.
“Too late,” Tony grumbled, crossing his arms. “If there’s big green problems we don’t know about, we sort of need to.”
"As if I would waste vibranium on mere restraints," Doom said in an 'are you stupid?' kind of way. "They are electromagnetic, and you cannot escape them."
“Oh come on,” Loki said, annoyance clear as she stepped back closer. “I told you he knows. Thor, your scrawny companion is trying to warn you that I’m me. Tell them you know who I am so we can get back to…good times.” The black-haired woman added the last sweetly, a graceful hand playing with the wet tips of Thor’s hair.
"P-put the meat in here," he sniffled at Wade, blurry-eyed. Why were they only scolding Hawkeye if Dr. Banner was half the problem, he wondered. And why wasn't Tony affected by this onion? Was he even human?
“Oh right. I forgot about him,” Cap mumbled, rubbing the back of his neck and glancing back out to sea. “He bit our kayak on our way out to the sandbar.” Turning his gaze to Tony, Cap gave him an easy smile. “I suppose we shouldn’t go racing through his home. He’s not bothering anyone where he is.”
"I'm being careful not to injure you worse." To Hawkeye, he added, "Could you please hand me that medical briefcase?" He nodded over to the counter, glancing at the other blond. "Once I pull this out, there's going to be a lot more bleeding."
"Easy, Cap." Hawkeye got up from the computer and rushed to Steve too, helping to hold the large man up. "Tony and Thor went out to check on the Baxter building—Thor's on his way back now. Tony said something about more scans."
Tony glared back, opening his mouth to reply even though he had no idea how to put into words what he wanted to say. The lowest item on his worry list sprung to the top, though, as a dark shape shot by them in the water and BUMPED the bottom of the kayak.
"Will a bobby pin do? I don't wear hair decorations, but my bangs do get in my face from time to time." Pepper sounded weary, but almost like she was cracking a joke, too.
Growling at his attacker and treading water, he looked around for Bruce. At least he couldn’t drown.
Bruce was pretty sure if he retreated to his room, Clint would follow him. That would be awkward, so he actually did pour himself a glass of water...and stood there in the kitchen sipping at it, looking at the microwave like it was something profound. Then the coffee maker. Then the blender.
Peter was both relieved they didn’t have to creep around in the trees anymore and dreading the inevitable conversation about why he was out here alone in the woods with Wade. Maybe if he asked REALLY nicely, Clint and Bruce wouldn’t mention it?
"Hey, wait! You can barely walk," Tony protested, reaching after him. He couldn't really move away from the wiring, though, or the power would all go out.
"C'mon Bruce. I think that sandwich place is still open." Clint followed the path out to the back exit in the fence.
Awkwardly, Bruce slipped the shirt over his head, stuck both arms through the top along with his head, and pulled it down to wear around his waist like a skirt. Probably wasn't the first time he'd ever done that, from how fast he decided how to wear it. It was just a tank top, but he held onto one shoulder strap to keep it from falling down and turned to get his bearings about where they were. It was a stretch of beach Clint didn't recognize. Great, which way did they come from?
As the captain turned, he was distracted by a woman jogging past them in tiny shorts and a bikini top, a panting orange corgi dog in tow.
Steve didn't move from the chair, his eyes scanning over the room. It made sense for there to be a less theatrical part of the castle. Even Modok and Loki must have had a normal place they lived in. It was hard to imagine someone trying to take over the world, then going home to play the piano.
“What?” If anything, seeing Clint’s expression only seemed to make Bruce’s eyes flicker even greener than before. He focused on the first aid kit, rummaging around through it for gauze and rubbing alcohol with the slightest hint of frown on. “Don’t worry about me. You’re the one who’s bleeding everywhere.”
"Which kind would that be?" Peter sighed, patting his back and scooting away. There was no sense in trying to avoid being glommed onto—Deadpool wouldn't get it, or wouldn't care if he did.
"Yeeeah...why don't I believe you right now? You're always telling me how there's nothing wrong with letting a teammate help you instead of doing everything alone, so right back at you, Captain."
"Come on, big guy. That second one's supposed to have blood sucking mailmen in it." The blond grinned, patting Bruce gently on the back.
“Sit down, we need to talk,” Tony said, waving for Bruce to take a seat beside the campfire. “I’d offer you coffee, but…”
"Clint? Hawkeye?" She placed a hand on one of his, looking around quickly for any sign of anyone else.
Doom watched Iron Man go, apparently unconcerned with how he'd find his way outside, before turning and stepping inside the cell with Steve.
Thank god, indeed, he thought. Right now, they needed to focus on the task at hand. They could worry about Peter once they got back to New York.
Laying back on the medical table, Loki glanced around. Being laid out flat helped with the haziness and he felt like himself again in seconds.
“Alright. We’ll talk to him. Right now,” Steve paused, taking a deep breath. “We need to think about how to thank Clint for going along with them. That man is a saint.”
"It’d suck if I got sick. Last time my ears got so plugged that when I sneezed and they popped, it hurt like hell. But hey, I got lots of TV time."
"'Too'?" Peter asked, exchanging a glance with Johnny. "I thought Tony got everybody back from Doom last night?"
"The true horror was just beginning for Logan, though. Knowing the Skinner couldn't die by normal means thanks to that radioactive acid bath, the heroes banished him to another dimension--but they had to banish Logan right along with him! His would-be friends sacrificed him!"
Not waiting for a reply, Loki made for the door as fast as he could without outright running. The door wasn't entirely melted open, though, and he had to slow down to climb out of it, ending up crawling on all fours on the other side before getting to his feet. He grabbed his side, finally standing up. What he would give to just teleport home. Maybe he should?
And then there are tearful goodbyes, (Steve taking care to say one to FRIDAY as well), and he tunes up his bike that he hadn’t used in months, and leaves. Just like that.
Steve carries the suitcase onto the landing pad after the send off, suited up and ready to return all the stones. Bruce nods at him and then the machine starts up.
“No regrets?” Steve asks, whispering the words into Tony’s hair. Tony tilts his head up for a kiss and Steve obliges him.
and the comms fall silent. Steve sighs, not wanting to have had to yell, but not having much of a choice. He is
Tony shrugs casually. “What isn’t it? My saving grace, my ruin, my second chance, my repentance.” He reaches for his shirt, his hands shaking. “Get out. Please.”
“Exactly.” Addilynn laughs, and then gives Tony a headset. “It’s currently kind of like a simulation, just without all that clunky VR equipment bullshit-” Tony laughs at that. “-just speak your commands and the room will do the rest. We also have fail-safes to avoid viewing all the, erm-unwanted moments in ones life, so you don’t have to worry about accidentally happening on a more - ahem, intimate, um moment. Don’t wanna scar anyone too badly ha. We do allow for short spiritual visits instead of a mere simulation, but for that you’ll have to apply for approval from the Immigration offices. That’s where I work in case you didn’t realize.”
“We try.” Addilynn shrugs with a shit-eating grin, and then pats Tony on the back. “Have fun. Good luck.”
They do that everyday, Tony whistling cheerily as he folds up his makeshift bed which consist of about a million blankets, stokes the fire, goes out to get more firewood. The first few days, Steve would leave while Tony does all that, to get a head start on things, but that would result in a rather offended rant from Tony, so eventually he had stopped doing it. He sits now instead on his bed and watches Tony do all these things, staying away from the fire as not to negate Tony’s work.
He lays there for a couple more minutes, and finally drags himself out of bed when his hunger becomes too much to ignore. Steve had been caught up in the argument and then so exhausted afterwards that he had completely foregone food last night, just collapsing on his bed and was out like a light two seconds later.
Pepper takes another long sip of her coffee and lets Steve sit in suspense because she’s kind of evil like that.
But now, parts of it had returned, snuck up on him these past two years. It was tinged with something bittersweet, and wouldn’t ever be without, but it was returning.
“Stop with that you big baby, we’re here.” Natasha pulls him into a rather unremarkable building, if you ignore the fact that it’s painted entirely white, as opposed to the sleek glass and warm tones of the other ones they’ve passed.
They grow together as a team, after having been apart for so long, and re-learn the ins and outs of living in the same space.
Tony, from then on, starts referring to their dance sessions as “potato-sack slinging” with a sparkle in his eyes, and Steve wonders how it’s possible for one person to be this contrary, brilliant, confusing.
The giant bruise that covers a good half of the man’s face detracts nothing from his beauty, with dark full lashes sweeping over sharp cheekbones, golden skin, full lips framed by a goatee. His unruly dark hair is a sharp contrast against the pale ice, as is his red and gold attire; which Steve only now realizes is a type of armour, and the glint he saw across the hall was gleaming metal.
Tony listens, attentive the entire time, only interjecting at certain points to ask a quiet question, gaze steadfast, calm and unaccusing, even though now they’ve probably been there for hours, and Steve’s voice starts cracking at some point, hoarse from the excessive talking, but he keeps going.
, Steve corrects in his head and then immediately feels horribly guilty, because how could he ever call him an it, it’s
Steve stands after a few minutes of uncharacteristic indecision, and finally orders the guards to bring the man to his quarters.
all the paperwork headquarters has been buried in, trying to keep up with all the necessary memory storage and erasages - of course I don’t need to tell
It’s the little things that begin to chip away until there’s nothing left. Until he’s the only one remaining.
This last comment proves to be a little too much for both Natasha and Tony’s rising amusement and they burst into laughter.
The mass is unrelentless, untiring, and after that little stint with Steve's staff, they've gathered that it’s probably some form of technology, reminds him of Tony’s nanotech suit now that he’s seen it up close, and the implications alone from that are horrifying, because if someone has managed to replicate it, the amount of damage that technology is already doing in the wrong hands…they'll need to deal with the implications eventually, but first they have to subdue this thing.
There’s something resigned and defeated in his expression, even alongside the curiosity, and Steve can’t help but parallel it to the way Sam had looked at him once, when he had confided to Steve that he can no longer feel his hands.
“Yeah, totally. I won’t try to convince you to make more because that’s 100% your call, but yeah, you did amazing. You have a beautiful voice Tony, and the emotions you showed in that video were spot on. I almost believed you were Aaron Burr for a second.”
They don’t get very far in terms of discussions to be honest, because none of them are really sure if this is a one and done deal, or if something more sinister is at play here. The end result remains the same, they need to find that villain that created the nanotech, which they’re not even sure
He goes over every aspect of the fight in detail, over and over, writes down everything that happened to the last, dredges up what little he remembers of the end. It’s not remotely pleasant, remembering the feeling of not being able to get enough air, her vicious smirk, knowing that he’s probably going to die, but he pushes past that because this is important. He takes breaks when it gets a bit too much, though he tries his best to keep going. Every last detail could be crucial.
Even so, Steve's already brought him this far into the palace. It wouldn't do to decide to abandon him now; so first order of business. He needs to find a way to warm him up again. He frowns down at his hands as he thinks, frost dancing idly across his fingertips.
“Pretty well, considering our fearless leader retired,” Sam says, stopping his poking of Bucky’s shoulder and giving Steve a dry look. Steve shrugs in response, innocent smile plastered on his face.
There’s no sound from the spell, it doesn’t afford him that much, so Steve watches as Tony arrives back, as he’s immediately captured and thrown in with Pepper and Rhodey, as things go to hell with Tony in the middle of it all, and Steve is so scared, more frightened than he thought he could be.
“Yeah yeah, whatever kid, Youtube, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, Tumblr, am I done? Also why the fuck do I have a tumblr. ”
It’s been five minutes, and he’s still trying to wrap his head around the vision in front of him. Steve kind of feels like his brain has shut down if he’s gonna be entirely honest, and a rather worrying numbness has set in where usually the panic or grief would have been.
he says," the man scoffs, glaring heatedly at him. "My father spent centuries looking for you, trying to breach your walls. He was consumed by it,
Tony is there, asleep while sitting at his bedside in a worn black shirt and pants, unharmed and healthy and well, although there are dark circles under his eyes. His cheek is pillowed on his crossed arms on the bed, eyelashes fluttering in his sleep.
“Oh god,” Tony laughs as Steve keeps smiling goofily at him. “no, stop looking at me like that Rogers, you look like a pathetic puppy with those big blue eyes of yours, turn that gaze away from my person-” And Steve laughs helplessly, “-no, go away, begone, stop being mush, my code isn’t equipped to deal with this situation-”
Steve hums as he squints at his shoulder. The skin is raised and dark red, irritated, portions of the skin blackened where the burns were more severe, but Steve can already see where it’s healing from the serum.
“It wouldn’t just be for you punk,” Bucky finally says fondly, shaking his head. “After everything, we all need an excuse to relax and get together again.” Sam nods in enthusiastic agreement from beside Bucky as he gives Steve a hopeful smile. Bucky even goes as far as pouting and batting his eyelashes in an over dramatic fashion, and the tableau is so ridiculous with Bucky aggressively blinking and Sam aggressively nodding that Steve has to laugh.
Bruce talks to him quietly, asking Tony a bunch of questions, since he’s probably the one with the most expertise out of all of them right now, barring Shuri, who is still in Wakanda. They had notified everyone they knew as soon as possible considering how utterly unprecedented this entire situation is. Pepper and Happy are currently on the way (leaving Morgan with a babysitter, they’re not sure exactly how she’ll react), and Rhodey is trying to see if he can get leave to come as soon as he can. Clint’s also on his way and Shuri promised to make a visit at some point. They were unable to reach Thor at the moment.
“Yes, I do. But it isn’t my place to say. It’s Tony’s story to tell. I’m just surprised he knows…” Steve can almost hear Pepper’s frown of concentration through the phone. “I...wouldn’t put too much merit on the malfunction theory but...maybe keep a close eye? Probably better not to dismiss it entirely. We wouldn’t want Tony getting sick or injured on us. Um. If AI’s can do that. I’m not entirely sure. Computer viruses? Either way, probably better to make sure Tony’s okay.”
“...actually...this is kind of a first.” Tony says sheepishly. “You know. The jumping to the worst conclusion thing.”
Morgan plops herself down next to Steve on the couch and sniffles quietly, so he waits patiently for her to open up if she wants to. Finally, Morgan looks up at him.
“I’m. I’m sorry,” the AI says, looking around at all of them wearily in the ensuing heavy silence, “I know I’m not him, not human Tony, but. Yeah.” and Steve frowns at him despite himself because no, Tony is
Steve has clearly managed to shake off his pursuer at this point and has already fixed up his baseball cap. His sunglasses sits low on the bridge of his nose, and he’s in the process of pushing it up. He’s wearing that all-American beam, smile radiant, and it looks so innocent Tony almost believes that Steve is pushing up his sunglasses with his middle finger by accident.
Steve wonders if it could’ve been in another language, if Tony had just been muttering nonsense and Steve misunderstood, if he had misheard? But he can’t think of any word that’s similar enough that he could have mistaken it for. Possibly a noun. The name of a place? A person?
Steve blinks up at the man's glare. It's the most expression he's seen on anyone's face in. He doesn't even know how long anymore.
They sit - or in Steve’s case, lie - in silence for a while. Steve watches the slow lightening of the skies against the ceiling, and then of the slow creep of sunlight as the first golden rays break the horizon, casting shadows on the deckled surface. He breathes deep, calms down from the sort of argument. He’s trying not to take it personally, he knows he shouldn’t, but it’s a bit hard when someone just automatically assumes the worst of you, even if it’s not often. Steve likes to believe he’s been treating Tony well, but...maybe he’s just deluding himself.
In other news, Bucky and Sam have predicted that they’ll return from their mission in another week or so, currently chasing a lead, and so Steve, finally back to full duties after almost being smothered to death by everyone he knows, is drawing on the balcony, having just finished working out a bit in the gym.
Steve finally turns away as Morgan and Tony keep talking, and sees Pepper in the process of wiping away joyful tears, Happy’s arm slung across her shoulder on one side, and Rhodey with a reassuring hand on her arm on her other side. All three of them have identical warm smiles plastered on their faces.
“Aww golly Tones, ya can’t handle a little bit a slang?” Steve drawls and then grins widely when Tony’s mouth drops open.
But back to the matter at hand, Steve had just come back from working on said mural and had barely closed the front door before Tony had darted forward from the kitchen, said hello with a quick kiss on the cheek, grabbed Steve’s messenger bag from off his shoulder, and then dragged Steve into the living room. It was everything Tony usually did when Steve came home, except at three times the speed, which made Steve immediately suspicious. Hence the current discussion.
“Come on Rogers.” he mutters to himself, trying to find the motivation to step into the blue wash of the scanners. It doesn’t work very well.
Tony pouts at him, feigning a hurt expression, which Steve also doesn’t believe for a second, despite how unintentionally cute the look is.
“Great, it’s settled then. I’ll let Rhodey know about the change in plans. No promises he won’t go over anyways to check up on Tony.”
He shuts the hangar door after them, and then goes upstairs, planning to get some sketching in, but he doesn’t even last ten minutes before he starts feeling the absence of human company acutely.
“It’s not even the longest I’ve gone without sleep,” Tony mumbles vaguely, “Sleep is for the weak and for peasants, this is barely college level sleep deprived.”
Steve snorts with amusement despite himself, and shakes his head, resigned, as the lab doors slide open. “God, only you Stark…”
the AI actually was, Scott hadn’t been anything but happy to see Tony back in some form or another. That makes sense, the two hadn’t really known each other much beyond fighting in an airport and then a team-up before the final battle. For them it’s a blank slate, a new friendship with no baggage.
Steve almost gives in, because he can’t seem to refuse Tony for anything, but if he attempts a smile now, it’s not going to look rigid and fake like it did at the beginning. Tony will see everything, and that can’t happen, so Steve forces himself to remain blank.
“You bastard, you didn’t even look at the screen once through all that.” She says incredulously. “Geni. Bastards the lot of you.”
Quite suddenly, Steve feels horribly overwhelmed, wants to hide in his room like a little kid again, deny that this is happening, hands over his ears, avoid the entire messy situation, and he’s tired and almost at the end of his rope, two seconds away from snapping like a rubber band drawn too tight. Steve can’t help regret opening the lab a bit, because although he predicted that doing so would hurt, would probably re-open some old wounds, he hadn’t quite counted on the situation cutting this deep.
It's cold on the highway, but Steve is like a living furnace, a constant warmth in the cool evening air. They pull into the parking lot, and Steve parks his motorcycle in the designated spot expertly. He’s clearly been here before.
Tony grimaces. “I left after that, for your place, because I had always wondered what lay on this side of your borders, why my father was so consumed with finding you or your corpse. It was one last adventure.” Tony’s eyes are piercing as they meet Steve’s. “I stayed here, instead of leaving when you told me to, or moving onwards, because you are kind to me, and passable company. But most importantly, you won’t care when I die.”
Steve is obviously currently on the streets, wearing his usual baseball cap and sunglasses. The pic is blurry with motion however, his sunglasses eskew and baseball hat lopsided, terrified expression on his face. Behind him is clearly an Apple store, and in front of said store is an employee that appears to be chasing him with a flyer.
“Heyyy, rude.” Addilynn, who Tony is assuming to be an angel or another similar being of some kind, turns a bit pink and pouts at their laughter, although it keeps threatening to turn into a smile. Finally she stops fighting it and starts laughing herself.
I got the fledgling of this idea from this fabulous fic that I sadly cannot remember the name of(I will credit when I remember because y'all should all go read it), but the point is, it was post infinity war, and everyone was happy and alive, and Tony decided to leave for space exploration so he made an AI of himself for the compound. It was beautiful, but it got me thinking about Endgame and thus this fic was born.
Steve freezes for a second, previously predicted disappointment and relief rolling over him in equal measure before he realizes that he doesn’t actually know what Tony entered him as. He knows that Tony has always had a liking for weird nicknames and references that Steve could never understand.
Steve waits for their arrival in the living room, sitting on the couch and idly flipping through a book, with Peter and Harley squished together on an armchair and scrolling quietly through their phones, occasionally laughing when they find something funny. It’s technically a school day, but Aunt May and Harley’s mom had both agreed that this was probably important enough to risk skipping one day of their education.
Steve stays for hours after Morgan’s grip on his hand had gone slack with sleep, staring out of the window at the glittering lake where they gave Tony his final send off, lost in thought.
"So, we kinda wanted your opinion on something before we leave, because we're having trouble on deciding a course of action." Pepper begins, and Steve nods, indicating at them to continue.
Steve spends the next week avoiding AI Tony like it’s his job, which happens to be a very difficult thing to do when said AI runs the entire compound you live in.
at least, and he probably hits something, or maybe it registers distress, he doesn't know, because in the next second, he’s staring at the glowing end of a sparking staff, strong enough to pierce
Besides, it’s April 1st. If there were no other pranks between their family members, Steve would eat his shield (if he still had it of course).
The next day dawns, and the world is strangely peaceful, no giant robots or techno-paths, weird Germans or insane alien creatures in sight. Instead, the cool lingering touch of late winter seems to be fading into a tentative spring, and the Avengers find themselves settling into a semblance of a schedule in the upcoming days, without the constant demand of superheroing (and yes that is TOTALLY a verb) to disrupt the flow.
"Oh I see." Steve looks amused instead of disappointed here, which is always a win in Tony's books. "So I suppose you wouldn't care at all to know that Pepper is about two seconds away from joining in.
It’s the familiar sound of a mechanism starting up, and the room resonates with it as the humming grows louder, almost as if the lab itself is suddenly coming alive, with how it fills the previously dead silence.
He heads for the fields around the Avengers property, and starts running, mind going blank, around and around and around, ignores everything around him, and just loses himself in the rhythm of his steps.
Steve stares at him in horror. “Oh my god, I’m so sorry-Tony I- what was the sentence, I won’t say it again -”
It was carnage. Tony, Steve and Natasha watched as allies were made, friendships broken, and backs stabbed. By the end of the game, not a single person remained clean (other than Wanda of course) and the field was a mishmash of bright synthetic colours.
“Thank you.” Tony says softly, smiling at Steve and placing a hand on the side of his face. Steve turns his head slightly with a cheeky grin and kisses it, which elicits a wet laugh from Tony.
Steve." Tony's eyes are sparkling with amusement now, beautiful brown alive with warmth and Steve can feel a blush rising on his cheeks. Tony gives him an amused glance.
“Can’t escape it Steve,” Lila says with an amused smile, appearing at Steve’s elbow as he flicks the bottle cap off and tosses it into the trash.
Tony sits bolt upright, tears already slipping down his cheeks, the sting of salt in his eyes. He whips around to look at the apparition in front of him, an achingly familiar sight after what seems like ages, for all that it’s been only a day at most.
“Whipped.” is all Natasha says from where she’s crunching another bag of pretzels, and then ducks very fluidly when Steve chucks a throw pillow at her.
Peter doesn’t answer at first, still concentrating on the writing and finally sighs, setting down his pencil in defeat.
He finally laughs helplessly, despite himself. Yup. No two ways around it. Steve’s staring at the plans for a talking coffee-maker. Of course.
, even though he himself never knew how much he was worth.” Steve watches her sadly as tears started welling up again in her eyes, angry at himself for bringing this entire conversation up and making her cry again when he said he wouldn’t anymore.
Steve turns to see Natasha standing there, staring at him. She looks perfectly placid, but her hand shaking on the doorknob belies it.
Steve thinks rather petulantly, and yeah it’s childish; but it’s five am and he just got yelled at over a misunderstanding, so he thinks he should be allowed a little childishness at this point.
as the vines choke him, and when Steve touches him he’s burning hot, hotter than he’s ever been, delirious with fever. There’s no one to call for help, because time has come and gone and Steve is the last now. Is truly the last. The palace, the kingdom. Is empty.
Everyone seems to just be chatting idly when they enter, and Tony glances towards the door, his face lighting up when he sees Peter holding Morgan.
"Ah, see, you know what I'm talking about." Tony points at her, and Elle sticks out her tongue. The other girl giggles loudly.
“Christ,” Sam shudders as they walk, and pokes Bucky in the ribs. He grunts in annoyance. “Why is your metal arm so damn cold, have you been standing in a freezer?”
Of course eventually Clint decides to steal a pickle off the Hulk’s plate, and the nice afternoon breakfast quickly descends into all hell. There's shouting, and smashing, and pancakes everywhere.
“Really?” He grumbles, disgruntled that he can't retaliate. There’s a couple of moments of silence, and although Tony can't actually see the kid's eyes or face he's pretty sure that he's being stared at incredulously.
"Don't do that." Wanda says sternly. "You'll only irritate it more, and Steve drops his hands with a sigh.
“I also want you all to report to medical for a checkup before you leave.” Fury continues, eliciting a variety of glares. Even Steve looks disgruntled.
were strangling you, and I was almost too late because I was too much of a dumbass to tell you I cared when I had you, and you were too much of an idiot to tell me that you took my curse for me, that the reason I survived is because you went in my place.”
“That’s me!” she says gleefully, and Tony laughs, eyes sparkling, and crouches down so that he’s eye-level with her. “I think we’ve got a lot to catch up on.”
“Every single facet of personality of yours is coded down to a T, and even as I look at this, it’s being altered by the events happening around you, and there are encrypted files, traits that you’re not even aware of yet, little quirks that in the grand scheme of things are useless - no offense meant, I’m just speaking in computer programming terms of course - and the system is learning and changing as it goes, the complexity and layers to this is
Peter grunts when Steve tosses him to the training mat, having finally managed to throw him with a well executed take-down.
Then they leave together, Tony talking cheerfully, and Steve occasionally interjecting with a question or a comment here or there. Tony seems to find Steve’s confusion at his references funny, gives sighs of frustration though when Steve doesn’t laugh at his jokes.
The silence grows heavy between them, and there's the satisfaction at having said all of this quickly changing to regret and horror as it sinks in just what exactly he's done, and oh
.” Tony declares dramatically. “You watch Steven G. Stark-Rogers, I’m gonna hold this thing over you for the rest of our lives-”
“You should open it Steve.” Pepper says softly. “Don’t let the lab become a tomb. Tony wouldn’t want that.” Steve looks at her.
The potion isn’t exactly hard to make, once Steve digs out the old tome from the back of the workshop. It’s deceptively simple for a spell so useful, the crocus being one of the ingredients, but it still takes Steve an hour to make, when it would have once taken him ten minutes, because the spell is touchy, and Steve’s out of practice.
“Just so you know,” Harley begins, turning to Steve, “I used to get in trouble a lot at my school. I essentially sat through a
“It won’t.” Tony shakes his head resolutely, determination firming up his jaw. “I love Rhodey like family, and I will not be the one to rip his heart out with a confession. I came here because they would have realized sooner or later that something is wrong, if I had stayed.”
As days go, it’s not the worst. Not unbearable. But it’s definitely not one of the good ones either.
"Overall, it was the same as it always is, when it comes to Thor," Steve comments fondly as they near the door of their living quarters. "Newest trade negotiations are finalized, and Thor told me to tell you he's bringing over his brother to meet us next time he comes over. Loki is...interesting."
Steve eventually decides to send the guards and servants away, because their icy presence in the already frigid room doesn't seem to be helping the man's condition. He's paler than ever, the healthy golden hue leaching from his skin, and his body becoming racked with increasingly violent shivers that shake the metal of his armour.
Tony jolts from his thoughts when Steve pinches him, evidently having realized that Tony’s attention isn’t all here. Tony jabs Steve in retaliation, breaking away slightly to do it, before kissing him again.
“So,” Steve says, watching the two of them try and smack each other with a small smile. “How's the team doing?”
“Yeah yeah, yuck it up Steve,” Tony says, “I control the compound, revenge will be mine. You’ve messed with the wrong AI etc. etc. insert evil laughter here.”
“He’s been awake for about 92 hours, having slept 4 hours in the last four days in 2 hour chunks. He hasn’t eaten a proper meal for the last day and half.” Agent Jin’s eyebrows shoot to her forehead.
Decades later, or really just two seconds for Bruce, Bucky and Sam, Steve flashes back to the 21st century on the landing pad.
Sam let's out a laugh. “I remember you guys. I wasn't in your division, but man did you give those security guys trouble.”
He asks the Hulk, which really isn't going to help clear up the situation. The Hulk pats Thor sympathetically on the shoulder. Thankfully it's Thor, so he only jerks forward slightly instead of entirely face-planting in his coffee
Bucky notices immediately, if you go by the increasingly worried looks he keeps throwing at Steve, but he doesn’t comment on it for the time being, which Steve is grateful for.
Tony’s voice is fading in and out, and Steve needs to tell him, that one last thing he needs Tony to know before he goes-
“Wait, what no, get back up here.” Tony complains, making grabby hands at Steve who rolls his eyes. He bats them away easily, laughing, and when that doesn’t work and Tony remains persistent, gets up entirely to plop himself down on Tony’s chair, just to be contrary because he knows Tony will give him that exasperated look Steve loves. Besides, he’s kinda stiff anyways, and he wants to sit up.
Pepper gives Steve a surprised look, and Steve explains. "Um, Morgan is a really really bright kid and she understands more than most. I think if you tell her the truth, she'll be able to get it."
“Rest of our lives huh?” Steve laughs warmly from above him, and Tony’s breath still catches when Steve looks at him like that, with those gorgeous blue eyes of his, like Tony’s the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen, even after all this time.
Steve makes an irritated noise and cuts himself off before he can start ranting about the fact that Tony didn’t just
this job, I get to be a fucking teenager and get paid for it, if I get fired I’ll have to go back to toilet duty at shield, do you even know how
to do to take his mind off things. He would return to avenging if there is a need for him, but after half of life on Earth had been restored by the Avengers, even the supervillains don’t seem keen on causing havoc just yet.
He needs to leave before he says something he’ll regret, something he can’t take back. Tony’s here, and Steve feels like a bull in a china shop, sharp blades and razor edges, and the newly awakened AI doesn’t even have memories of the Civil War or of their first meeting in the helicarrier, has no defenses against the horrible things Steve says when he’s not thinking clearly, is all vulnerable wrists and soft skin.
Pepper and Happy manage to arrive at the relatively new and rebuilt Avengers compound undetected, largely due to the cloaking mechanism Tony had implemented in their car, before, well,
“I am ashamed to know you. Apple minion.” Tony wrinkles his nose at the laptop but obligingly clicks through the song choices. “I’m giving you a Stark industries laptop, this programming is so stupidly rigid.”
Please tell me what y'all think in the comments below, comments literally give me life, and as always, thank you for reading!
back into the fight when he’s still injured, however much they might need it.  “I’ve already called in SHIELD, they’re sending backup, it won’t just be us. I get what you’re saying, but with the way you are right now, I’m sorry, but you’re going to be a liability more than a help, and you’re only going to end up injuring yourself further. You need to stand down, just for now. I can’t have you, after last time, I
The hydra agent is actually an OC, although I will admit that I took some inspiration from Madame Hydra from the comic-verse. It's not exactly her, but also not really far off either.
They dig through an old armoury in the castle, and unearth a bunch of old shields, some rounded, some square. Steve picks up the one that has a white star in the middle, surrounded by blue and rings of red and white. Tony picks up a square one painted red and gold, and then drags them out the door to the nearest hill.
“I have been wracking my brain for so long,” she says, jabbing a finger at Tony. “for a way to endear you all to the general population. You guys haven't exactly given me the greatest reputations to work with.”
"You're alive?" The man finally spits, whirling on Steve, his eyes flashing. "After all this time? And you're just here in your palace, living it up and ignoring the fact that all the kingdoms thought you were gone?"
Tony smiles bitterly. “And I kind of need this too. A reminder, so I don’t forget.” He nods. “I’ll call her. Set up a date and time.”
“Relax Cap, the kid didn’t do anything except tie me to an uncomfortable chair and monologue at me for ten minutes.” Tony winced as he shifted his sore shoulders.
He visits Clint, and somehow it helps a bit, because despite his cheerful disposition at the party, Clint is also still grieving, with his good and bad days and all the ups and downs. Laura and the kids are out at the moment, gone for the day for a birthday party at a friend’s house, so Steve sits with Clint on his couch, TV open and playing, but being ignored by the both of them in favour of talking it out.
“Uncle Steve?” a small voice calls from the stairwell one evening and Steve looks up from the book he’s reading to see Morgan clinging to the rungs of the stairs. Pepper is working late at the office today with Happy (who had been staying over more and more as well) so he had put Morgan down for the night, which apparently hadn’t stuck.
- and Steve watches him, because it’s mesmerizing the way Tony moves in this space, the way he shapes the metal to his whim, puts the parts together piece by piece with singular focus.
"Yeah, every time I saw you, you were fucking looking at me as if I killed your first born child or something. You all but run the other way every time you see me."
do, I’m the perfect angel-” his shit-eating grin belying everything he said and Steve rolls his eyes, jogging hurriedly down the halls to the front door.
He moves on quickly then, dusting off surfaces and tools and ignoring the holograms when they flicker to life because he disturbed the tables.
"Okay, wow, rude." Tony rolls his eyes. "I was in the middle of a very important point. Has no one ever taught you manners, Steve? Scratch that-" Tony amends immediately with a sigh when Steve frowns and starts to think back. "I'm not bothering you anyway, so why does it matter?
No. It’s a plausible theory and a possibility of course, but there's no point in working himself into a panic when he doesn't know all the facts and angles. He'll...he needs to talk to Tony. That part is unavoidable, and goes beyond just worry on Steve's part for Tony's well being (although there is
Oh. Yeah. That is a difficult decision indeed. Steve can’t help but think to himself that he’s probably the
“-you can just hand in a printed copy, I don’t see what the big deal is.” Tony’s hologram is in the middle of saying, hovering over Peter’s shoulder, who is currently clutching the pencil in his left hand with a wobbly grip. Peter shakes his head earnestly.
“Nah, not really.” Morgan says, bouncing up and down in Clint’s arms as he walks over. “Mommy said that Steve got injured in battle, so that’s why he
"That's quite a lot of words for one expression to communicate." Steve interrupts mildly, but Tony half talks over him, on a roll.
remember anyone doing that, leaning into him. No one except Tony. He gathers him up, wraps him in a hug and hopes that he’s enough to bring this fever down, to at least make Tony comfortable before he - before he -
“What are you doing, where are you taking me, SAM-” His voice is cut off with the slamming of the glass lab door. Sam rolls his eyes and proceeds to take over Tony’s calculations as well.
Steve gathers all the crocuses he can find after that, and makes a lot of the potion. He’ll run out eventually, he knows, he doesn’t even know why the flowers started blooming in the first place, but he can’t go like this. He can’t go not knowing what happens to Tony.
ones, not a press smile, not a fake one for the cameras, but one of those last smiles Tony had given him before they had gotten onto the time machine- “is to protect you.”
“Pepper?” He asks hesitantly when he remains rooted to the spot and she leans forward to tug on his arm. She looks at him with a sad smile and tilts her chin towards the doorway. The meaning is clear, so Steve obediently follows them inside.
Tony points a finger at him, “Excuse me, the adults are talking. People under twenty don’t count, I don’t make the rules.” Sam gives Tony a very indignant look but Thor cuts in before he can respond.
“Of course,” he says quietly. “I admit...that was one of my main issues a few weeks ago,” he concedes quietly. Tony flinches a bit, and damn it,
“Activating, Technological Operating Network Youth, or alternate designation T.O.N.Y.” the voice continues and Steve shakes his head, as blue light flickers, and form in the middle of the room, a perfect 3D rendering of a very familiar hero.
They shoot down the road at breakneck speed, and Tony whoops and hollers and laughs the entire journey there, stomach dropping away, adrenaline rushing through his veins like fire, with the irregular flutter of a heartbeat behind his reactor.
Steve pauses after a second, not having realized at first, and looks up at him, worried. He lets go of the wiring he’s doing and puts down the pliers.
“We should talk about something else.” Steve suggests quietly when no one makes any move to leave, even though the explanations are finished.
“I dunno Pegs. I guess I. Wanted a break, maybe. I wanted to live my life, like Tony had said. There wasn’t anything holding me there anymore. Not really.”
“I swear we didn't have a fight this time, Tara and I are good.” Tony rolls his eyes, but he’s grinning. Agent Jin somehow roped Captain America into this. That kid is going places.
It’s difficult to do it now, where it hadn’t been before, but he keeps pulling as the numbness envelopes him, creeping up his ankles and his wrists, flowing through his entire body, piercing his head and his heart with it’s unbelievable cold, and he wrestles with it desperately as it tries to consume him from the inside out, wipe away all semblance of who he was, freeze him into fractals of ice. But Steve has a lot more to lose than just himself, so he fights with the last bit of strength he has left, he fights and he fights and it gives.
They had won in the end, and Stane had been killed, but not before his final parting shot. That Steve was still dying. That Tony’s curse was what was killing him.
Steve swears to God his heart stops entirely as his eyes register just what exactly he's seeing, because no, it's
The man steps closer. "I don't want to." He sets his jaw before lowering his lashes, and gives Steve a sweeping, appreciative look from head to toe. Steve, perplexingly - shivers.
Tony nods in satisfaction at the half-assed apology and then goes back to his original point before he got sidetracked.
He stares, unsure of how to proceed afterwards. He doesn't really know how to react to this; Steve hadn't felt the bite of uncertainty for months. It's jarring and he's not sure he likes it.
He decides to put a variety of topping options out, pulling out a carton of berries after moment of contemplation, dumping them out into a bowl to wash.
fact, but after the emotional turmoil of the last week, Steve’s surprised it doesn’t dissolve into hysterics. The laughter does feel good though, despite that.
“Morgan,” Tony says, heartbreakingly gentle, and smiles down at her as the little girl giggles happily.
Tony and Steve go back to small talk after that, Steve eventually plating the truly impressively gigantic stack of pancakes (They all eat a lot.
Tony. Have you been sitting on this since yesterday afternoon? Instead of asking me? You're an important part of this team! We got off on a bad start but I've been trying my hardest to treat you like I would any other person, but...I...I guess I haven't been doing a very good job if you still think-" Steve plants his face in his hands, suddenly just very very upset.  His next words are muffled as a result, and probably barely intelligible, but Steve's too...
Natasha snorts again from her position in front of them. “Understatement of the century.” In a smooth motion, she turns around and wacks Tony gently on the head.
"An EMP blast would probably do it,” Bruce says, voice taut because he’s pretty much singlehandedly trying to stop a building from collapsing. Peter picks up the slack when Bruce doesn’t continue, talking a mile a minute, “yeah, but only if we’re not totally off base about it being some sort of nanotech, but beyond the fact that it would short out all our equipment too, we don't have anything that could create that on such short notice-"
Natasha watches the interaction from her perch on the couch, crunching a bag of pretzels with a very amused expression.
and none of that was your fault, and maybe a part of me did feel that way, those horrible things that I said, but it doesn't matter, because those were
Harley gives him a fake wounded look, “Do you not want us here Steve? I thought we had something, I thought you
It brings him comfort somehow, that rhythm of shading in the colours, correcting and readjusting as he goes, bringing images to life. The size of the paper he’s using isn’t small, and the colours are rapidly dwindling with the amount he’s using but he doesn’t care.
Wanda had decided to make herself a referee since she was really the only one that could keep track of all the kills properly from her vantage point floating above the crowd. Also because her magic would kind of be cheating.
Bucky snorts. “Yeah yeah, merry early Christmas Tony. We figured you’d be able to help analyze this shit.” He holds the box out, looking like he’s intending to hand it off to the person beside him - Maria in this case - since she’s actually able to pick it up.
Tony, thankfully, doesn't seem to need sustenance to survive either, which further cements Steve's idle thought that Tony is not
with having a mental illness regardless of that. I had PTSD and nightmares for the longest time, and I still have that. All the Avengers are technically “mentally ill”, there’s no shame in it-”
“Just so you know,” Bucky says absently as he eats his yogurt, “I don't think Sam's letting go of that shield anytime soon, think that thing has become his security blanket.”
But there are still bad days of course. Horrible days really. Days where Steve can barely bring himself to get out of bed, where he just sits by that bay window again with what he can imagine is a thousand yard stare, his mind a million miles away, spiraling almost too fast for his battered body to keep up, exhausted to the bones despite the serum and so he’ll sit there, too weary to move. He buys punching bags with his seventy years of back pay, hangs them in the makeshift gym that the cabin apparently has and systematically destroys them all.
Tony frowns, looking a bit bewildered. “What? No, Steve, that lab thing had pretty much nothing to do with you, you were kinda just...there.” Steve frowns back at Tony, not entirely convinced, and Tony huffs, shifting forward towards Steve more so he doesn’t have to crane his neck to keep eye contact. It’s almost a bit unnerving to see him move, expecting to hear the shifting of fabric and instead getting...silence.
family event after all, and Steve doesn’t feel comfortable with intruding) is because Tony had asked him to stay until they arrive. So he is. It’s not exactly a hardship; he loves seeing Pepper, Morgan and Rhodey.
“I’m in love with you.” He whispers. “And I was almost too late. Rhodey’s the one who spotted you. We were out searching, and by the time we found you, your lips were blue and your hands were almost black and there was blood on your mouth and your breath was so shallow because the
“Natasha, heeeelp, Steve’s trying to murder me!” Tony yells at the house. Steve laughs at that and spins him around once before setting him down again, planting a kiss on his cheek for good measure. Tony definitely does not blush. Or squeak. Not at all.
"Tony." Pepper rolls her eyes fondly as she steps forward to accept her daughter. "Why am I not surprised."
Tony seems to sense Steve’s disbelief, so he sighs and levels him with a serious look. “I’m not  in the best place right now, yes, but it’s gonna take time for me to sort this out. I’m...nervous, but I
“Good day?” Steve asks, smiling at how happy Natasha looks, and she laughs, giving both him and Tony a buttery kiss on the cheek.
Steve was surprised to find that he knows the flower petals he keeps hacking up out of Tony’s view and earshot. He expected them to be bloody rose petals, like they had been for Tony, but instead they’re camellias, the ones that used to grow all around the castle. Winter blooming flowers, the exact vivid red and gold of Tony’s armour. It’s kind of fitting. Steve’s sentimental enough now to have cleaned and frozen the first one he found, perfectly preserved in a layer of ice. He wears that on a chain under his shirt.
“Besides,” she continues, humour coming back into her eyes, making them sparkle with mischief, “He's got a lab here too that I can mess with however much I want.” Steve laughs at that, and then follows her to go greet Happy and Morgan again when she bursts in through the backdoor, a ball of sunshine, talking a mile a minute. He puts the conversation out of his mind for now and allows Morgan to pull him aside so she can show him her new discoveries by the lake.
I hope y'all realize that this fic in my brain has literally no organized plot rn. Oh I have an overall outline of how I want this to go, but I'm a horrible writer because I'm too cheesy and my entire approach is the embodiment of "meh, I'll figure it out eventually" XDD
And yet, Steve feels warmer here than he has in ages. It always fades as soon as Tony lets go, fades back to numb when he steps out of the room, so Steve tries not to linger too much on the feeling, tries to ignore it.
“Always,” Steve responds with a smile and Tony rolls his eyes, letting go and raising a hand to the watch.
“So.” he says, when Loki is finally on his feet, looking a little uncertain. “You’ve finally kicked the bucket huh? What is this, the fifth time you've supposedly died? I’m shocked.”
“Fucking cowering imbeciles,” She snarls to herself, looking at her teammates who are rapidly being detained one by one, but of course Steve’s hearing picks it up, and that’s all he has time to think before the villainess finally sees him, and launches herself at him in ruthless pursuit.
“Well, looks like someone is sleeping on the couch tonight.” he says haughtily, walking towards the apron cupboard. Honestly, as verbal comebacks go, it’s definitely not the most original or witty, but the Avengers react as if it is, even louder “ooohs” echoing around the kitchen.
Morgan promptly launches herself off the bed in Clint’s direction and Steve laughs at the surprised look on the archer’s face as he suddenly finds himself with an armful of giggling seven year old girl.
He continues to frown at her, and is understandably shocked when Tara suddenly gives up on all pretenses, and grabs Tony in a strangle hug.
When I start posting though, I'm considering just leaving this particular story as it is and just start an entirely new file for the edited fic, that way I can see the progress or what's different, or even if people wanted to see some of the old dialogues and plot. What do you guys think? Suggestions in the comments are always welcome!
Steve pauses in surprise, and almost gets punched for his troubles. Berating himself, he puts more attention on the fight, taking down another opponent quickly.
Natasha sighs happily afterward from where she’s munching on buttered popcorn in the middle of the fourth Harry Potter movie, all of them squished on the frankly tiny, but comfortable couch. Tony’s leaning against her other side, half paying attention to the movie while also typing away on his phone, as usual.
He hesitates, not sure if he should mention the next part. "...plus...hiding something as big as this from her, even if it's to protect her, probably wouldn't go over very well? Especially where parents are concerned." Steve gives them a wry smile. "I should know. I have...a
Tony gives a whoop of triumph and grabs Steve’s hands, dragging him around the room happily in his victory dance, and Steve finds himself laughing at Tony’s antics despite himself.
Steve purses his lips at the palm print, breathes in deeply and releases the air on a sigh. “I swear to all that is good and holy Tony…”
The kid, and Tony is fairly certain this so called villain is no older than 19 at most, even with the mask he's wearing, is currently dramatically gesturing as he monologues about his brilliant invention, destruction of New York, enslavement of humanity blah blah blah.
“You say that because you don’t care.” Tony responds. “Believe me. What I’m failing at preventing is truly despicable.”
His plans become slightly derailed however when he opens the door to see Tony sitting casually on Steve’s bed.
“I’m gonna put that self-deprecation aside for now, but don’t think I’m not coming back to that later young man-” Tony interjects, and Steve huffs a bit, almost a laugh but not quite. “-to just say, do you even know how these objectives work?” Tony sounds amused now. “Do you know how coding works you
“You guys go ahead, see if Harley wants to join too. I think I’m gonna turn in early.” he gives them all a small smile, and turns to go.
“It was a done deal afterwards though. When you seemed to unthaw, and I saw more of who you were before. I fell so fast it was fucking ridiculous.”
He knows this because it activating is probably the one thing that ended up saving his life, him slammed against the side of a building when the behemoth shoots out an arm, and he doesn’t have enough air in his lungs to even call for help, everyone is too far away, the wall around him cracking as it squeezes him-
He’s silent the first few days as he watches Steve work, angry and sad and withdrawn all at once, a bone deep kind of sorrow. He keeps glaring at Steve and snaps at him the one time Steve tried to talk to him.
Pepper smirks, “I’d say this is a worthy mission. So yes.” and with a determined and decisive nod from Pepper, they exit from the back to the garage.
Happy gets up from where he’s watching a news report on the couch to greet Steve with a smile and a hug, Steve says a quick hello to FRIDAY, and then Pepper ushers all of them into the kitchen to eat lunch. It’s pleasant, laughing and talking with them again, with Morgan interjecting with everything she’s learned at school happily every few seconds. She seems to have inherited Tony’s genius intellect, already miles ahead of all of her classmates.
“What’s the matter?” Tony’s voice has gone back to being devoid of all emotion. He is disturbingly good at that; at putting up his mask at a moment’s notice. “We decided at the beginning we’d talk to each other about our issues right? Total honesty. Because we’re such good
“With all due respect sir,” Steve eventually says. “I doubt a group consisting of a Norse God, a Super Soldier, a billionaire genius, a gamma ray expert, a skilled archer and two SHIELD agents can ever be considered relatable.”
Tony hears Steve laugh as he picks up Morgan behind him, who greets him with a shout of "Papa!" and a kiss on the cheek.
“Everyone loves people who aren't professionally in the music industry yet can play music.” Agent Jin raises her hands in a what-can-you-do gesture. “Trust me. The minute you can sing? You’ve won their hearts, game, set and match.”
In the quinjet ride back, Steve watches from his seat as Peter leans a bit on Wanda, tired and worn out, with her arm around his shoulder, Wanda stroking his hair with a sisterly frown on her face. Peter’s young face looks haggard and exhausted and Steve finds that he’s tense and angry, at himself mostly, as he watches them and he reviews the battle in his head, thinks about what they could have done differently.
"Sweetie, that's unavoidable when you live in different places." Tony explains. "You'll see each other again for other visits."
They go again. And again. And again. And then when Tony gets bored they go for a walk together through the courtyard. There are flowers popping up through the snow now, ones that Steve doesn’t remember seeing before, but there they are, crocuses, calendulas, hellebores, and yes, camellias.
“An hour at most.” Scott says, “Well, not including the time it took to get here and the treatment for your burns. Clint, Pepper, Peter and Harley are on their way.”
“Well this is just fascinating.” A voice says from the doorway, and everyone except Natasha and the Hulk jumps.
Bruce looks up from the screen at all of them and the expression on his face makes it clear that what Harley said about a human personality is exactly what he’s implying.
“Try, this item has been on Tony’s bucket list ever since he went to Morgan’s wedding and knocked over a glass of wine onto that great aunt of Pepper’s that Tony’s always despised.”
.” Tony murmurs, and his eyes are still uncertain despite his words, like he’s not sure he’s allowed this. “I thought you were laughing at me. You let me think you were laughing at me.”
“Alright wrap it up guys.” Pepper calls eventually after all the equipment had been packed away with much joking and laughing, and clothes changed. “Back to our place, we’ll have a picnic by the lake tonight and catch up.”
“What’s going on, what’s happening? I-” Tony whirls as the image dissipates and his expression is horribly wretched and lost. “When was this?”
“Rude.” he squints. “Are shield agents allowed to stick out their tongues at people? I think you just broke at least three different laws, one being that SHIELD agents must always maintain their air of mystique and the I-can-decapitate-you-with-one-finger stoicness. You’re an international fugitive now, what an utter tragedy.”
“Here,” Wanda says before Pepper can respond, getting up. “Why don’t you take my seat, I imagine a few more people are gonna be arriving soon, and the room kinda has a carrying capacity.” Pepper gives her a grateful smile that Wanda returns, before she leans over and kisses Steve on the forehead.
That’s when he notices the other presence in the room, and once Steve notices him, he wonders how he ever missed him in the first place.
like human Tony’s was, he’s a bit more open with his emotions and thoughts, a bit more free, and dare he say...affectionate? Steve wonders to himself if it’s because the AI doesn’t have the same experiences or memories that Tony had, or maybe certain personality traits just happen to be different. He’s not exactly sure, but he quickly puts that train of thought off for later when he realizes he’s checked out of the conversation.
He starts at the very beginning, hesitantly at first, and then slowly picking up speed, and holds nothing back, gives Tony everything, every ugly thought and emotion that he hid away to keep the peace, and every beautiful one that never saw the light of day because he worried it gave away too much.
“Well, I assume you know where this is going then,” Buck mutters, “Surprise surprise; he’s been using the nanites. We tracked him down, got some inside information out of him. This entire thing goes...so much deeper than we thought. He’s not the one manufacturing or making the nanotech for his own use: there’s an entire black market
) with all the rest of his cobbled together family around to watch him cry and laugh and generally make a fool of himself. Tony’s never been happier.
“Alright, I’m going to ignore that considering how exhausted you are.” She says with a roll of her eyes. “I’m just notifying you that your driver Happy has arrived. He’s waiting at the front for you and the rest of your team.”
He watches Morgan’s face when Tony’s video plays, watches father and daughter talk for one last time. Tony addresses the entire room at the beginning, and then talks to each and every one of them there. He sees Pepper wipe away tears, and Rhodey laugh sadly, and Happy staring resolutely down at the couch, jaw clenched, and Peter and Harley barely keeping it together. Steve doesn’t expect it when he’s finally addressed. He looks up and freezes at the exasperated and fond expression on hologram Tony’s face.
Loki follows soon after, and Thor looks on with a worried expression at everyone gathered around. They all know of how Loki had tried to stop Thanos, and his reconciliation with Thor, but it’s still an awkward situation overall.
"Hey, none of that." Steve says firmly when she breaks off, eyes welling with tears. "He was there, and he got to me in time, and I'm
“Hmm?” Steve holds in a snort at Tony’s distracted hum, clearly in the middle of trying to argue with Peter. “Would you like some help?”
After a while, Pepper finally straightens, already on her way back to her usual self. She smooths a hand down Morgan’s back and they sit there for a while longer in silence, the lake now beginning to darken to black, fireflies coming out slowly in the warm summer air.
Steve’s straddling Tony’s thighs now, and with a happy little hum of satisfaction, leans down to kiss him. It’s a bit awkward at first, cause Tony keeps trying to pull away to speak, and Steve keeps refusing to let him, until Tony slumps against the pillows, sinks into the kiss.
It’s still dark outside; Steve can see the beginning vestiges of light against the horizon through the living room windows.
So it’s on one cool morning in early February when Steve wakes up and looks out of the window at the frozen lake and fresh snow, and realizes the idea of the Avengers compound without Natasha or Tony in it isn’t as unbearable as it had been before. It still hurts, but less.
He notices when Steve stares down at his hands on his arm, and drops them. There's an acute sense of loss, as the numbness streams back in.
Steve ends up staying for quite a long while with Pepper and Morgan, which honestly had not been a part of his initial plans. Like, at all. But he can’t say he’s unhappy with the arrangement.
“We were like a million times worse.” he says quietly. And despite these little errors in communication that Steve seems to keep having with AI Tony, it’s still the truth. Because Steve doesn’t think he’s ever been as bad at talking with any one human being as he had with Tony Stark. Banter, yes. Actual talking, no.
And Steve smiles at that, soft, because he knows. He knows it’s passed. Tony loves him all the more for it.
Addilynn shrugs before explaining, “It allows you take a look at the events currently happening on Earth. Some people want a chance to see how their loved ones are doing, so we offer them that glimpse, although we often warn not to come here too much. Bad for mentality, to let your past consume you.” She gives Tony a sad smile as his eyes widen throughout her explanation, and for the first time since the conversation started, he gets a glimpse of her true age, all those years of wisdom and compassion and infinite sadness reflecting in her young eyes.
" Pepper whispers, and walks forward to take the seat that was vacated by Wanda. Bruce resumes sitting on the floor, leaning against the wall. “What did you get yourself into now?”
“This is not dancing.” Steve points out reasonably. “You’re dancing. I’m being slung around like a sack of potatoes.”
“You know,” Steve fidgets with his pen as he grins, tossing it in the air.  “I’m not sure what I’ve done to deserve this sass, but it’s not appreciated.”
“What?” Tony mumbles, distracted and feverishly typing, “What the hell does that have to do with anything. Look, don’t worry, I’ll finish this schematic and get right on your facebooking, snapchatting or whatever the fuck it’s called.”  He grunts, frustrated and waves his hand, trashing the entire second part of his blueprints since that’s going to result in blowing up half of Manhattan which is very Not Good.
The man’s back is to him now, and there’s a long moment of silence as his shoulders shake. Steve can’t tell what emotion it’s from.
“Nope, it’s all true, they’re dating.” Steve returns smugly, and Pepper awws a bit at the mental image of them finally finding each other. “I’m happy for them,” and Steve nods.
He nods to himself, not finishing his sentence, and Steve feels like Tony’s two seconds from leaving and panics.
hoping it wasn’t me. Pepper seemed to understand though, so I talked to her about it a bit, not much though - I mean, I did ask her what Yinsen meant, which was kind of overstepping bounds so I apologize for that, but she knew what it meant already-”
“-no, no, it’s okay-” Steve pushes out through numb lips, and then, because Tony had asked, tries for a smile, pulling up the corners of his mouth mechanically.
Tony looks away at that, seeming embarrassed, and clears his throat awkwardly. “Not exactly,” he jokes, sounding kind of flustered. “I can’t own any real estate for one thing.”
He pauses for breath, before he continues, a bit quieter now but still pleading. “I avoided you, but I
He tries to return to his normal routine in the next few days, forces himself to keep going despite the fact that his mind is a million miles away.
It’s when they’ve finally finished up their coffee, and Pepper goes to put the cups and plate into the sink that Steve finally brings it up.
“You know us,” Bruce says, watching as Tony flits around the room. Literally. The hologram isn’t corporeal so he can flicker in and out of existence at will. It’s a bit disconcerting to watch to be entirely honest.
until he lost it, too busy mourning his past, not seeing what was right in front of him. It seems like he’ll just be forever looking back, regretting the choices that he made, awareness and realization happening too little too late.
Tony flickers back in beside the Iron Man armour as the gauntlet reaches over to take the tupperware of nanites gently from Bucky’s hand.
All in all, it's not a particularly good kidnapping. It’s honestly more of a technicality than anything dangerous, like
Conversation continues comfortably, everyone reveling in finally having a normal afternoon meal to themselves.
He quickly parks his motorcycle and grabs the supplies he bought, depositing them where they belong and jogging down to the meeting room. Everyone - the current Avengers plus Maria, Harley and Clint - is already there by the time he arrives, seated around the table, with Sam standing at the front, changed out of his tactical gear into a pair of old sweats and a t-shirt. Bucky’s seated at his right, a variety of documents and a Stark laptop sitting in front of him.
in a good place, they’re safe and it’s warm here, wants them to know, wants them to stop hurting for him.
I’ve ever seen before. And Tony - human Tony had allowed me to take a look at Jarvis’ systems once, because I was curious about it. Even Vision wasn’t like this, although he’s the one that comes closest.” Bruce gives Wanda an apologetic expression when he mentions Vision and Wanda gives him a wan smile in return.
He’s quite clearly unconscious as the guards set him down unceremoniously on the icy floor at the dias’s feet, and Steve crosses those few steps cautiously to kneel down next to the figure - cloak pooling in a puddle around him - to get a closer look despite himself.
Steve looks down, a bit confused since he hadn’t really given it a second glance when he had grabbed it, and snorts when he realizes that he’s wearing a frilly pink apron with lace designs on the seams. It’s kind of hard to read upside down and backwards, but Steve’s pretty sure it says, ‘I’ll feed all you fuckers’ in calligraphy on the front. He doesn’t know why the Avengers own an apron like this, but he has to admit, he’s glad they do.
2. All the injuries/science described in this chapter is dubious at best, because I tried to google things, but this particular instance is kind of specific so I couldn't find much information. So I apologize if it's inaccurate :))
So the only interaction Steve really has with the AI is when Shuri arrives at the compound two days after Tony's activation to take a look at him, because she pretty much the expert.
Steve hopes he's not giving them shitty advice as he hesitantly continues, thinking through his words carefully. "Ha. Okaaay so, in the end it's definitely your call, well,
“Of course that’s what you choose,” Steve rolls his eyes, but his smile is beaming. Tony gasps dramatically.
“Iron Man got to you in time.” Bruce says quietly, voice full of worry, and Steve remembers a flash memory of Tony’s voice murmuring in his ear, of cool metal-
He goes downstairs and makes a huge breakfast, to thank Pepper, Morgan and Happy for everything they’ve done for him, for being so amazing and letting him stay. He tells them when they all sit down to eat, and there are tears, but Pepper just looks at him proudly and Happy smiles and says “it’s about time” and Morgan makes him pinky promise to visit often.
There is one amusing visit, Tony will admit, where the three of them manage to get permission to go back just for the heck of it. They may or may not mess with their assorted family a little bit, much to the amusement of Addilynn, who really is more of a shit-stirrer than her innocent appearance would have you believe. She makes them tell her everything (despite the fact that she could technically watch all the pranks they pulled) and then laughs herself to tears.
Bruce had quickly given them a run-down of everything he had told the Avengers when Happy, Pepper and Clint had come in through the door, with Pepper taking one look at AI Tony and turning as pale as a ghost. Steve had hurriedly helped her to a chair, and had gotten a shaky smile in response.
Pepper shakes her head and laughs at the end, wiping paint off her mask. “Boy am I glad that this is biodegradable, otherwise it’d be a nightmare to clean up.”
“Love you too Harley,” Tony comments wryly, who’s now looking over his own code, eyes moving as he reads, although Steve’s sure it’s just a facade for their sake since he could technically read all of it in a second if he wanted to.
The Hulk headed down the hallway like he knew exactly where he was going...but passed right by the bedrooms. Instead, he headed for the staircase.
"This is what becomes of children whose fathers abandoned them!" Thor seemed strangely sympathetic to the bloodthirsty babies in the movie, for some reason. Maybe because they had killed a burglar, who counted as a bad guy?
"Take care of Tony—and DON'T let him plug back into the power." With that, she stepped out into the hallway. JARVIS in glove form went hovering after, and the door closed behind them with an ominous slam, leaving Tony and Steve with the Arc reactor for light.
"You know." Clint came up beside him again, leaning in. "You're acting really weird. Maybe this is a bad idea." He leaned to squint at Bruce’s face, then the archer was pulling his cell phone out. "I think they do delivery..."
"It'll make a lot more sense when it isn't just on paper," Bruce assured him, munching on the donut he'd taken. "What are the others up to? I'm not even sure what day it is, honestly—I feel like I've been in here a long time, but I can't stop in the middle of something like this."
Getting out there to retrieve the others had only taken him and Ms. Marvel in the end. If there hadn't been a ‘Hulk rampaging in New York’ situation, he'd have gotten there a lot sooner, though. No wonder Doom let them all go so easy—he probably already got what he wanted by then! Tony promptly decided that he'd better stop thinking that train of thought or he'd make a noticeably disgusted face.
"Nah, you really taped me up." He smiled. "The bad news is that you'll probably have to go Hulk on this door." Jerking a thumb at the door, he stepped aside.
Propping an elbow on Hulk’s head, Hawkeye sulked. Where were all the bad guys? Why was everything so PEACEFUL and QUIET? He needed someone to shoot at to take his mind off of the idea of him and Hulk making out!
There was the distinct metallic sound of Mjolnir flinging toward them at frightening speeds. Thor caught the hammer easily, gripped it by the leather strap, and began to swing it in circles. The lawn flattened from the wind power for a moment before they took off into the air quite fast.
"I think you did get sunburned a little bit." He paused and poked at his own neck cautiously. "...Me, too, actually. I guess all of our sunscreen efforts were for nothing." He sounded like maybe he was joking. Hopefully?
The blond knocked twice, paused, knocked once, paused again and then knocked four times. The door opened instantly and Ms. Marvel hung her head out.
Despite being so different, one unfortunate thing both of them had in common was a mountain of trust issues, too. Ouch. It was a wonder they’d allowed themselves to start dating each other in the first place. So much for Peter’s plans for their two-month anniversary once the weekend date things were done…
"Doom?" Carol turned to look at him. "I don't know about that. He was probably busy grop—er, poisoning our team." She headed into the elevator, pulling her card out. "Hey Tony? Peter and Johnny are here—looks like the Fantastic Four are missing some people too."
The blond archer stirred, stretching and curling back up like a cat, before he opened his eyes slowly, looking up at Bruce with hooded blue eyes.
Smirking as he picked out a lime green pair of swim trunks, bright yellow flip flops and a flower print tank top in blinding magenta, Hawkeye hurried back to the hall--
“I don’t understand what you expect me to say! This is it. This is how we are,” he gestured between himself and Tony. “We can agree on everything but us!”
Turning, Peter reached up and combed through Matt’s hair with both hands, smoothing it down a little as he planted a soft kiss on the redhead’s lips. “We’ll find ‘em. I smell coffee, you want coffee?”
“Not much we can do about the Hulk. It’s alright. Hey,” Matt lowered his voice, turning away from Deadpool and the tent. “Maybe I should go. Wade’s right. This trip was for you two, not me.”
"You think he's busy with Dr. Banner?" He whispered to Steve, taking the meat from Wade and sitting it on the counter to divide up.
"Captain! You do not seem recovered," Thor said worriedly, placing a hand on Steve's shoulder. The other held Mjolnir still.
A glint caught Peter’s eye and he saw Lola making her way toward them. The woman was wearing a tiny gold bikini today and was fixing her hair quickly, her excited eyes locked on Cap’s back.
"It probably doesn't need to be this big, though. This's the titanium needle I have to use on Cap since he's too tough for a normal one," he mused.
With a frown, Steve pushed Clint aside with very little effort and reopened the trunk, fishing out the tackle box. He dropped it into Clint’s arms.
“I’m sorry, Tony, I’m having trouble believing all of this. Are y-you sure? Absolutely sure? What if Matt was lying about the three of them?”
“Cereal?” Cap asked, frowning. “You know, if you’re in the business of fighting crime, a good healthy breakfast that’s high in protein is probably your best choice.”
"It's late and the weather's horrible--you should stay 'til tomorrow, Matt," Peter was telling the red-clad hero, patting his back as they walked. "There's plenty of spaghetti to go around, right Cap?"
“Well hey, the cabin’s where we’re headed, so we’ll grab it while we’re in there,” He told Matt, smiling to try and lighten the mood. The rain was seriously running down their faces, and being indoors sounded very appealing anyway. He led the way to the cabin, quickly opening the door for Matt. “I really hope Cap and Tony stayed on that sandbar!”
"Uh...I thought you were needle-proof," the mortal man muttered, watching as Loki leaned on the couch, still trying to wrap his mind around actually being injured.
"Oh, him," Tony said nonchalantly, sipping the coffee again. He went still for a long minute and then sat up, frowning. "Waitwaitwait, PETER Peter? Peter Parker Peter?"
Crap, Peter had forgotten all about the lake monster! With their luck, it would smell Clint’s blood and show up in minutes…
"Thanks," Bruce said wearily, accepting the clothes with a small smile. "I realized changing outside on a public beach is...not a great idea." He looked down at the brightly-colored fabric for a long moment. "..."
"You k-knew?" The blond asked quietly. Suddenly, he stood up and made his way slowly over to his friend.
Glancing at Thor as if just remembering they were supposed to be quiet, Tony suddenly lowered his voice again. “It’s possible Peter actually didn’t even celebrate his birthday. Matt said he’s been busy with work, ‘helping people’ and applying to colleges. Colleges, Cap! We really need to have that chat with him about our college fund or he might limit himself based on what he thinks he can afford, here.”
"Tony," Cap said quietly, grabbing Iron Man's arm. "Why d-don't you take a look a-at it? I know you t-two can figure it out. I d-don't think...Doom will...help us...now." Wheezing heavily, he took a few deep breaths.
They stepped into the cabin together, and the sound of the storm roaring cut to a muffled din of rain splattering onto the roof. It was dark in there—was the power out?
Thor was seated on the lake shore, hammer at his side, gazing out across the water. He had tied the flannel shirt around his waist, leaving him in the white tee underneath, and his long golden hair ruffled in the light breeze. It was a strangely quiet, almost wistful scene.
Turning in a swish of green cloak, he walked off without another word, leaving them to their own devices.
Bruce blinked a few times, and the green in his eyes seemed to melt away, leaving the brown that had been underneath all along. He groaned softly and brought a hand up to his forehead.
Bruce scooted over next to him, trying to talk himself out of nervousness. It was clearly going to rain again, Clint was probably going to put the vest over them like before.
"D-down," the first Avengers groaned, abruptly pushing himself out of Tony's arms. With a thunk, he landed face first on the floor.
“Banner did this?” Thor looked like he wouldn’t have believed what he was hearing if not for who was saying it. He placed a big hand on Steve’s shoulder, shaking his head. “He seemed so very calm and resigned when I spoke to him yesterday… I would gladly keep watch as long as you need me to. Take care, Captain—if he is already out of sorts…” He gave Steve a knowing look, sighing and stepping back. “I shall delay you no longer.”
"Asshole. Is the other me okay?" They suddenly stepped off of the hallway carpet and onto the hardwood floor.
Bruce was starting to wake up a little; the rain was pretty cold. He ran his fingers through his hair, trying to wipe wet bangs away from his forehead, and offered a weary little smile.
Who else was Clint supposed to hang out with? Bruce was his go-between for the Hulk. Everyone else was boring when they weren’t helping Hawkeye take out bad guys.
"Speak for yourself," Loki grumbled, stepping in closer to Bruce. It could be fun to watch the Hulk throw his teammates through walls, but at this range he'd probably be first in line. However, lots of fun could be had in darkness. He smirked, which probably looked very eerie in the current lighting.
Hawkeye, who had been quietly confused the whole time, stepped up next to Thor, drawing his bow at the newcomer.
A few tries at wriggling free quickly proved fruitless, so Spider-Man just tried to look up at whoever had tackled him.
“Oh god,” he muttered, looking around at the dimly lit trees and sparkling lake. “It wasn’t a nightmare.”
“I heard it too,” he admitted, speaking softly and sitting up. He frowned. The laugh reminded him of a few people, and none of them good people.
"I..." Steve turned, an idea occurring to him, and gently placed a hand on her hip pocket, leaning in close to whisper. "Is that what I h-hope it is, Ms. Potts?"
"Heeey...how are you doing? I thought you'd be showing up, but I figured Deadpool would be with you," he mused.
If only Steve could have an hour alone with Tony and take him out for a nice boat ride. Maybe they could still do that when they were looking for the alleged lake monster later.
Tony met them halfway down the hallway—still in his suit, for some reason, and leading along Pepper and...Clint.
“I know you don’t have a thing for Tony,” Cap told Clint pointedly. “And you two have been sneaking around and avoiding the group all day. I saw you holding hands,” he explained, rubbing his forehead. “Look. I know I’m being invasive. I apologize for that, but if you…do anything to increase your heart rate, you’re ruining everyone’s vacation. So please, for everyone’s sake, can you keep it G-rated?”
The first Avenger paused. It was Bruce. He came around the corner slowly, so as not to startle the scientist.
"Why don't YOU go pay Jameson a visit? That'll shut him up for awhile," Peter grumbled, sitting up and stepping away from the car. "Just don't hurt him, no matter how tempted you are, or I'll be out a job. 'Bye!" He turned and hurried up the steps and into the house before Deadpool could reply.
"He what!" He whispered, grabbing Cap's arm and peeking over his shoulder back at the frisbee game. He turned back to Steve, eyes shining. "W-well, what did you say back? Did you say anything back?"
He’d added two layers of chocolate. Peter deserved it after being trapped in a car trunk for 10 hours.
"To find beauty where others see none—dig through the RUBBISH and unearth the rare flower that blooms even in the shade, while the rest of humanity grows fat and tiresome far-removed from my sight." The reply was accompanied by dramatic arm gestures and clenched fists and swooshes of cloaks.
“Like I said, if you want to say we’re a couple, we don’t have to do anything differently. Maybe we could just let Peter and his boyfriend believe whatever they like and go from there. If YOU can mistake us for pretending to be a couple, Wade might do the same thing,” Cap explained quietly, adding with a sigh, “I think Thor might think we’re together, too.”
Something about the way Wade said that got on Clint’s nerves. If they got lost and the Avengers got attacked because of this idiot…
So, his brother had yet to master the use of cell phones. Not critical information, but interesting all the same.
“Good morning,” Cap told him, leaning to pat the man’s shoulder in between pouring a new waffle. “How was frisbee last night?”
And that was why the hike was something Peter jumped at the chance for. Forget actual treasure, alone time with Wade was getting tough to come by. The ol’ Parker luck had to intervene, of course, and suddenly the treasure hunt Peter hadn’t expected to go on was one with an Avenger in tow. A really, really crabby one. He glanced back at Clint, taking note of the tired blue eyes and bruises and bandaids here and there. Something told him that camping this weekend hadn’t been the archer’s idea.
Having the Hulk smash up their camp must have been alarming for Matt. He wasn’t used to dealing with gamma creatures and demigods on a daily basis. Steve frowned.
The blond man shoved a handful of papers aside and hopped up onto the desk, plunking down the box of donuts in front of Bruce.
They hadn’t actually gone to their campsite. The moment they were away from Cap and Tony, Daredevil had hauled Peter in the direction that he said Wade had gone. So they hadn’t had time to change.
Bruce started walking slowly to his room with his hands in his pockets. Clint caught up to him about halfway there. The hallway looked a little the worse for wear; the Hulk crashing through it earlier and tearing a hole in the ceiling might have had something to do with it.
"...Maybe you should check on Tony and Cap," Bruce suggested to Hawkeye, bandaging his hand hastily. Loki knew that getting Gamma-radiated blood into his wound would be idiotic—it would poison him. Bruce was a wise man.
“You heard the man,” Wade said, stepping over next to Matt. He stuck a hand toward the redhead, wiggling his fingers. “Truce.”
“Hm,” the redhead hummed, tapping his chin like he was thinking. “How is it that one of the men that Peter considers his father figure missed his eighteenth birthday?”
The King of Wakanda was in a plush white bathrobe with a stack of thick books under his arm. Seeing them, he smiled and stepped aside.
Peter stood there and glanced back at the others a few times, making sure they were warming up throwing the frisbee before he turned back to Steve.
It had started to rain much harder now, sending many of the late night weekend bar goers running for their cars. The archer walked in silence, eying passersby as if they were going to jump on him.
"It might affect Clint worse," Bruce offered quietly from the computer console. "Maybe. It's obviously tailored for Captain America, though."
"No! Just, y'know, around it." Tony made the shape of a dome with his hands, the syringe and large needle still held in one.
Wade grabbed his hand, following after him. The trail was rocky and wound between different trees on its way down the slope that they were camped out on. As the light from their fire faded around them, Peter began to notice something.
“If you have a better one, please tell me,” Tony sighed. “I don’t want to be right on this, but I have a bad feeling I am. It explains why Peter would even give this guy the time of day when he’s got such a bad reputation. He’d got a soft spot for him.” How Peter had managed to form any affection for a vigilante who was known for insanity and spraying places with bullets was another matter entirely. And that wasn’t even taking the age gap into consideration!
"Yes. Thor will always come if his brother is on Earth—usually to take him back to Asgard." He coughed and sipped more water. The bed was looking more inviting by the minute.
“Frisbee?” Lola gasped excitedly. “Ooh, I had so much fun yesterday,” she told Thor, batting a playful hand at his chest. “Shall we?”
“You’d rather sit out there in all of that than talk to me?” The words would have been hard to hear over the storm if not for Cap’s excellent hearing. Tony sounded snarky in an over-the-top way that seemed a little forced. “Seriously?”
"Hey, hey, you guys know this's gonna lead nowhere! I mean, you both heal, you both can't die, why bother?"
The scientist turned one piece of pizza upside-down and stuck it on top of the other, eating them like a sandwich. More food faster, he figured. Peter and Johnny were back to sitting on the floor and watching one of the titular teen moms in the movie struggle to restrain her vicious newborn with a muzzle.
Sinking below the waves, he kicked his feet and wrapped his arms around Bruce’s waist, faking like he was going to pull him under before surfacing beside him.
“Are you actually wearing Midgard clothing?” Thor asked curiously. “Surely if that were an illusion, the rain would not touch you.”
Bruce decided to close his eyes. Somehow, psychologically, this way he was more prepared for it to be black in the hallway. The feel of the floor changing under his feet and Clint's warm hand still steering him by the shoulder were the most noticeable things around.
Bruce looked at him and fidgeted a little, then combed his fingers through his hair. The guy was horrible at hiding when he was uncomfortable, that was for sure.
It only dawned on him afterward that the wink might have been taken differently than he wanted it to be. That was probably a good thing, considering how his flirting record was going today.
“I thought that it was obvious?” Steve told him, sipping his own soda. “I figured it was a better strategy than more arguing--” Cap cut himself off and shook his head. “We’re doing it again. Look, I don’t want to lie to everyone that we’re together when we’re not. YOU said that earlier and it made sense. You’re right. Happy?”
"No," Loki said slowly. "I just think there are more important things around here than me. Like curing Cap before Tony's heart melts out of his chest. Or hunting down the evil me that jabbed me in the stitches." He frowned at the last one.
The Avengers’ camping area was on a narrow strip of trees beside the lake. They had a little fire pit and a few tents, and the tree Peter and Wade had been hiding behind had a few arrows stuck in it on the other side. Tony was standing beside the fire, phone in hand, wearing faded jeans and a black T-shirt. He slowly lowered the phone, squinting at Wade.
Distorted by the shimmering reflections on the water, Tony noticed that that little gray cloud had grown bigger like it was trying to spoil the perfect weather.
"You have my word," Doom said flatly, turning and zapping the door lock with green bursts of lightning from one gauntlet.
Tony started to say something, then hissed in pain and clamped a hand over the Arc reactor. The lights flickered threateningly.
“Do you think they’ll be watching us? Should we stay on the beach?” Matt asked, still whispering. “I sunburn really easily.”
Peter tilted his head, trying to decide if he was just imagining Hank's face flushing. It was Thor, anybody would get a little flustered, right? Hank was the straightest person Peter knew, sooo probably he was just projecting about him and Wade.
Gazing across the bonfire at the black haired billionaire, Cap sighed. He snagged a bar of chocolate from the pile, snapping it into pieces and frowning.
"It's not..." Bruce sighed and covered his face with one hand. "I'm not afraid of you, I'm afraid FOR you. Please don't try anything."
Loki stiffened from the hug, fighting off the overly powerful urge to run away. Slipping a hand up, he patted Thor's back, breaking away and scooting down the couch. Why in the world was his stepbrother so affectionate? Ugh.
“I will have days yet to use for this ‘staycation’,” Thor said from over near the other car. Peter sat up and saw that he was holding the hands of Loki’s beautiful female form, gazing into her eyes fondly. “If you wish, we need not say farewell just yet, my love.”
“That’s perfect,” Cap told them from across the big pile of sand, only glancing up for a second. He’d been working on making the castle gate for a good five minutes, frowning and patting the sand hard enough that he probably had to start over a couple times.
"And that he's a carrot top," Tony said with absolute confidence. Peter's unchanged expression confirmed that he was right.
"It's thoughtful of you to check on me, but you don't have to feel obligated. I'm okay, just...preoccupied."
“I hadn’t even thought about that,” Cap mumbled, taking Tony very seriously. “We have to find out who this boyfriend is. Spider-Man is part of the team, so we’re just checking in on him like anyone else.” Even as Steve explained it, he didn’t sound convinced.
Bruce brought a hand up to his chin, again mildly surprised he hadn't shaved in so long. It was so easy to lose track of time.
“Morning,” Clint replied slowly. Judging by the assortment of random crap the kid had, he was probably helping Cap with the sandcastle.
Frisbee was the farthest thing possible from Tony's mind right now. Steve had seemed like he was about to say something that wasn't an argument, actually have a real talk about this with Tony, and now this. He glanced at Cap uncertainly.
Peter was with TWO men? They were so drastically different, too! A kindly blind lawyer and a loud mouthed killer?
Carefully looking away from him, Bruce stared at the ceiling instead. In his mind, Bruce was trying to decide which was worse—not acting uncomfortable and possibly having Clint get too close and set off his heart rate, or acting uncomfortable because he was WORRIED about Clint doing all of the above and winding up with the archer thinking he believed that clone-robot-imposter person was him.
"I..." Cap started, before realizing that was sarcasm. Well, at least Tony was alright then. He turned back and gave Tony a smile. "Don't worry. I learned how to sew on buttons during the war.." Gently patting the black haired man's arm, he pulled Tony's shirt closed. It blocked some of the light, but Tony had been laying on the chilly basement floor for long enough. Holding in any heat was important.
Taking the offered hands, Clint got to his feet, dusting himself off and snagging the detector from where he had dropped it.
Bruce put an arm around Clint's waist a bit cautiously, turning and leading him slowly back to the examination table.
"I hope he eats something. He's looking sort of...thin lately." The soldier managed between coughs. "And those eye bags..." He added thoughtfully.
"Master Stark is working, and told me to tell you he isn't here," Jarvis answered in his usual droll way.
Clint stepped over beside Bruce, bewildered what he was supposed to say to that. Swallowing his food, he slapped a hand on Bruce’s shoulder.
"I am wishing nothing on him, brother." Loki waved a hand at Tony. "He is clearly dying, or haven't you noticed?" He turned back to Stark. "But do not worry about your captain—I'll comfort him."
“Your cabin—that’s why I felt like I should tell you why I’m here before I break in and start a fight.” Daredevil slipped off the side of the car, landing gracefully on the bumper and lingering there to peer down at them. “I just want to talk to Deadpool. He sort of…left me to clean up his mess. A bus driver almost died.”
It was easy to forget how many inches Wade had on him for height, Peter thought, looking up at him. It was then that he remembered Bruce and Clint were at the top of the stairs down to the beach, and probably staring at this situation. He reached up and patted the blond's cheek, mostly to stick his palm to it and pull Wade's head down low enough to whisper at him without anybody hearing. If it looked like a quick smooch on the beach, well, they shouldn't be looking anyway. Served them right.
"Huh?" He asked, looking "above" him at the redhead and blond on the couch. Looking back at Clint, Peter casually flipped down onto the floor and sat up, yawning. "Hey, g'morning Hawkeye..."
"They didn't make me angry, they just startled me," Bruce replied from across the room, quite calmly. "You don't expect your teammates to start attacking each other, even if it's two of the same one."
He could only imagine the insanity that would happen if he and Tony actually tried anything like that. Not that they would. They had to worry about the team and keeping their reputation in the green.
The Hulk somehow managed to skid to a stop without crashing right into him. He did stop VERY close to doing so, though...and folded his big arms over his barrel of a chest, curling his upper lip at the blonde in front of him.
“I…suppose I should trust our allies enough to take some time off—but an entire WEEK?” The blue eyed man groaned, rubbing his forehead and shaking his head. “Why couldn’t it just be a weekend?”
And track down his blond buffoon of a brother. How dare he let Stark study magic! What was he thinking? Most likely, he wasn't.
As if on cue, a taxi pulled up beside the street. The person that had waved it down ignored it, instead taking a phone call and walking off.
“Until Monday morning, then it’s back to work taking over the world,” Loki explained, sounding like the whole affair was a bother. Leaning to pat the chair next to him, he smiled. “Sit.”
"Yeah, okay," Peter said dubiously, turning his back to the edge to face Deadpool. "It's nothing personal, but I really do have to get going. Have fun in Detroit." He waved and let himself fall off the building.
Studying the blond hero's face, Peter quickly decided that faking his own trouble would just add to Cap's stress load. Instead he reached over and patted the blond man's back sympathetically.
Tracking device? Clint sat up again, frowning over the balcony at the two men. Okay, maybe it WAS one of the whack jobs from Peter’s neighborhood.
"You still haven't told me why you want Thor." He looked up at Doom again, a smirk on his face. "And seriously, keep your freaky hands to yourself, R2."
Glancing back at him, Bruce snapped out of it. He closed his eyes and drew several deep, calming breaths. It was no big deal. It was just Tony. If the Hulk came out again today, he'd probably murder Clint.
"If I stick this in your arm and get a bunch of hydraulic fluid, I'm not gonna be happy," Tony told the black-clad Clint, holding up the syringe and raising an eyebrow. "I need a sample from YOU because you were exposed to the same gas as Cap, and I need to compare your sample against his. It's just a blood drawing, don't be a baby."
Peter took a deep breath and patted Matt’s shoulder, nodding. As uncomfortable as the whole situation was, the redhead was right—they had a responsibility to tell Thor.
Before Clint could reply, the blond Asgardian they spoke of came crashing through the nearest window.
"It's MY bow." Hawkeye told him, aiming at Loki’s chest and drawing the shot back. "And since you're supposed to be me, you know exactly which arrow this is."
"That…does seem REALLY unlikely." Carol turned and pointed to the computer screen. "This kind of thing has happened before and we didn't know that the others were Skrulls until it was almost too late."
Crawling out of his sleeping bag, Peter shoved his shoes on and started looking around for the red-tinted shades Matt usually wore. After a moment he moved closer to Matt, shaking his head.
“Couldn’t be,” Tony whispered back. “He’s still out looking for…” Peeking around Steve’s hand, he looked out into the clearing at Thor and frowned. “Never mind.”
"Meditate," Bruce sighed, running his fingers through his hair. He got snagged rubbing at the stubble on his chin again, looking absently at the floor of the elevator in front of him. "Jiu-Jitsu. Lots of reading. Why are you asking these things now? You've been assigned to watching me for weeks."
“…Camped here dozens of times,” Bruce’s weary voice drifted to them. He and Clint were walking back into the campsite, the scientist holding a rolled up sleeping bag in his arms. He didn’t have any visible bear claw marks, and his hair sticking up like that reminded Tony that his own was probably still a disaster. Oh, well.
"...Banner says there's a shield locking us in. You don't lock Hulk in. Whose bright idea was that?" He cracked his knuckles and grinned darkly, heading for the hallway.
