"And you must go unarmed," Chayo added. "You are allowed your bodyguard, a Mr Hogan, I understand from Ms Potts, but he also must not carry weapons."
"Wakanda will fall. Your temple will be destroyed." Steve forced himself to breathe, to keep breathing through the pain and the paralysis. "He... you... can be saved. Rescue... waiting... beyond... your magic. Lower... your protections. Open... Wakanda..."
Steve charged the armoured figure, which moved with surprising speed, and this time the blasts were aimed at him. He dodged, closed, and kicked up at the armoured face. All that happened was that the robot took a step backwards, but at least it was focused on him now, and not at Howard, or the crashed cars.
Steve couldn't really see the connection. "Has anyone else touched it and experienced the same effects?" he asked cautiously.
"Peggy Carter. The Great Romance," Tony hated himself for the sarcastic edge that was creeping into his voice. "You loved her. You said so yourself."
Once again he had blasted aside Tony's defences. Too choked by emotion to say anything, Tony twisted around to face him, kissed him gently, then rested his forehead against his.
One moment Park Avenue had been – well, not empty – but just full of the usual vehicles and people, the next a huge, green, man-shaped and very familiar monster was roaring at the crowds, who either scattered, heading for the dubious shelter of Stark Tower or the still-being-rebuilt Grand Central Station, or paused to lift their cells for a quick photo opportunity.
It was a relief, finally, to see the hurricane below him, white clouds blinding in the low sunlight, and was awed by its size. The spiral arms of cloud trailing out from the massive hub reached almost halfway across the Atlantic while brushing the coast of the Carolinas. Even from this height he could see lightning sparking in the eyewall. The bottom of the eye itself was invisible.
Stark offered him the painkillers, but he shook his head. "Don't work on me. I just have to tough it out."
"I'll be careful," Selvig said. "Tell Thor to come on over when you see next see him. And tell him we have beer. Lots of beer."
"If you were going to get pneumonia you would have got it in the Arctic Ocean." Tony was looking anywhere but at Steve. There was something in his voice that alarmed Steve, but before he could identify it, Tony was continuing, "Think you're up to a short flight?"
The door closed behind her. All the readings now said that the locking mechanism and security were working. They weren't. Tony had tricked them, via Extremis, into leaving the area unsecured. Next he reached for the closed circuit cameras and turned off all the movement sensors on his route to the vault.
Okoye was waiting for Steve in the trees. She signalled for him to follow her and they made their way on through the jungle with painful slowness. Eventually Okoye parted a particularly thick clump of undergrowth and before them was a one of the strangest scenes Steve had ever encountered.
he had messaged to Kublai at Xanadu dot com, because though he and the Mandarin had finally fought the Makluan together, he was not sure Gene could keep the influence of the rings at bay for ever. World conquest might be on his agenda again.
"We may soon have a Thunder God at our door, so we need to relocate these people," she told him decisively. "I don't want to endanger the students at Karma-Taj, and they would be even more noticeable in Hong Kong, so we'll take them to the London sanctum. Please request that all the Masters of the Mystic Arts meet us there in three hours. This is something we need to discuss."
"Wow!" Jan said, as the walls slid past. "This is better than riding Kingda Ka**. How did you know it was here?"
Clean energy, but a kind that changed the landscape irreparably. Steve wondered if Tony Stark's work would make these engineering masterpieces obsolete.
," he went on, "yet information that only you knew ended up in their hands, and information you weren't privy to didn't. Hill was with you at Vicstar Field, when there was an attempt on my life." He hardened his voice. "Was that connected with me changing my will?"
Coughing up both and then fighting to catch his breath in the thick fog, he trod water and tried to get his bearings, but his face started to sting painfully. He took a couple of deep breaths and ducked under the water which was already soothing the rest of his heat-scorched skin. It had also, probably, put out a few flames.
The sense that he was, he really, really was in the future and unable to return home hit him again, and he sat down hurriedly on the edge of the huge circular tub.
"And you really, really want to know what Vita-rays do, apart from activating the Erskine serum, that is."
He could trust Thor. Had to continue trusting Thor because the last time he had done so, it had saved Steve's life.
Tony took a deep breath and steadied himself. "We'll meet in half an hour in the Avengers' conference room. Jarvis will inform everyone else and direct you there. Jarvis, that includes Hank. Tell him to bring his guest. Oh, and provide coffee for everyone."
Of those present, about half were already seated in the circle of leather and tapestry armchairs, but now the others quickly took seats, leaving a blue chaise free.
Tony hated silence. "Yeah, our very own version of Lazarus. I've given up doubting Thor's godhood. Or at least his Mom's goddesshood—"
"Don't know," he muttered, turning his face into Tony's shoulder, savouring the warmth, the scent of metal, expensive cologne, soap and clean cotton that was safety.
"You took your time," Iron Man said, when Steve, fully suited with the cowl up and shield on his right arm, ran across to where Tony was standing with Hill. The SHIELD agents from the helicopters were just arriving within shouting distance. "I've got clearance to land at McGuire. Let's go."
"Thor himself," Steve said. He saw Tony take several deep breaths before turning to face the archer, who was suited up, bow in hand. The Black Widow stood beside him, her arms folded.
He didn't know if Steve felt the same way, because Steve wasn't talking and Tony was too scared of losing him to push. Particularly if he shared the feeling that, however close they became, however wonderful the sex, there was something they couldn't quite reach, something that was missing...
He said, "I'm not letting you out of my sight – not when you're doing something that might be dangerous."
"That is where the problem arises, sir. He is supposedly in Washington, working as an aide to the Joint Chiefs."
It was only when he stood looking down at their still bodies that he had time to wonder how he had done this, and why.
"Then trust me," said Natasha. "It's not Sharon's fault, Steve. The psychiatrists said that you were on the edge of a breakdown, that you needed something to anchor you to the present, a link to the past. There wasn't anyone. Except Sharon."
"Such language," came the response, as Iron Man somersaulted in the air above the parapet in imitation of a trademark Captain America move and vanished behind it. "Your parents would be so proud." The words in his were followed by a crash of glass. "Oops."
"I know someone who can confirm that you're no threat to us," Tony said. "He may even be able to restore your memory."
Searching his memory, he could recall nothing before he had broken free of his bonds on the ridiculous flying... ship? Aircraft carrier? Why would you need aircraft if you had a flying battleship anyway?
Tony Stark grinned behind the Iron Man faceplate. Plainly, Rhodey had not expected him. Which was odd, as he was well known to have remained in New York after the Battle of Manhattan, and Rhodey must guess that Jarvis kept a GPS eye on the War Machine's location.
"Go on," Steve said, giving him a gentle push. "Take those clothes to the girls. Once I find my shoes I'll head for the kitchen and see what we can do about lunch."
Not for the first or even the hundred and first time he wished SHIELD had never found him in the ice.
He thought back to last night and the way Tony hadn't really explained anything. Unsure of what to do or say, he made himself look away from Tony, and it was then he saw the familiar roundel in its still unfamiliar colours propped against the wall. He knelt and took the shield in his hands, savouring the heft and balance. "I left this in New York."
Virgil made a startled noise, as if he was taken aback by this. For a moment Tony wondered if he'd actually said the addition aloud. But, "That's not how Patricia sees it," was what her father said.
"Yes," Tony said slowly. "Yes, I guess so." He looked up sharply. "But I don't think he expected to find you – or to die, come to that."
"I don't think they did. I mean, I don't think the helicopter had anything to do with the people trying to kidnap Betty," Jan said. "The guys in the SUVs only had ordinary weapons and they were awfully polite about taking her."
Then he dived, through the great waves into the calm beneath. In that darkness, Tony allowed Jarvis's dead reckoning skills to steer the armour until the AI announced that, "We are beneath the eye, sir."
"Not even your team-mates, apparently." Tony couldn't tell from Natasha's tone whether she was annoyed or simply making an observation. "Does Van Dyne know? Potts?"
Tony snorted. "Maybe, but I'm still not sure why Steve was alone and carrying all six Infinity Stones through the Quantum Realm. It's not what I would have advised. Although he couldn't have anticipated the Soul Stone exploding at his first stop."
I apologise profusely for the time this has taken to update. The plot of this chapter proved... er.. evasive.
"He's supposed to be an optimum human. I wouldn't want to make that experiment," Bruce said, with a smile for Steve. "You might survive. Or not." He frowned. "Something wrong, Steve?"
This must be a wide river or estuary – the latter almost certainly because of the salt in the water.
Tony ignored him. "What the fuck did you think up were doing?" he snarled. "I thought you were over the committing suicide thing."
Carter took a step towards him, but was stopped by Natasha's grip on her arm. "Don't judge people by your own moral standards, Stark."
The mask was pulled away. For the first time someone spoke, a deep, strong voice with an unidentifiable accent. "We need just one piece of information from you, Stark."
"I must explain that 'time to think' is a luxury you do not have. My profound apologies, but we have to have your decision tonight. An aircraft is waiting for you right now at Kennedy Airport."
"Not knowingly," Tony snapped. "Look up the meaning of that company name if you want to know why. Also, I seem to recall leaving explicit instructions that
"John Storm," Danvers prompted. "Blond guy. Got his wings. Astronaut training. Came in on a transport two hours ago? Over."
Tony gritted his teeth, fighting the nausea and dizziness, trying to forget the mechanics of the ARC reactor and the Iron Man armour, the specs of its weaponry, to forget the name of the town where Cap had last accessed his bank account, the co-ordinates of the lab in Oklahoma, his speculation about Bart—
Steve stretched out a hand to touch it, but Tony caught his wrist with his free hand. "Don't, Steve. You don't know what it will do."
Steve had never quit. Not when he'd been rejected by the military time after time. Not when he'd lost his mother, then his childhood friend. Not when he'd lost everything else and become a stranger in his own city. Not aliens in that city or hostile gods. Only death had stopped him.
"No one is more surprised by that than I am," Steve said ruefully. "The last thing I remember is having a crazy telepathic conversation with a local god who was plainly terrified of Asgard. He— she— it— The Panther god had some sort of magical barriers in place – I pleaded for... for it to remove them, hoped that Jarvis had sent the Iron Man armour after Tony – Tony Stark."
Then the man glanced quickly towards him and flashed a smile, laying aside the sword. "Ah, you're finally awake again. A moment." He jumped to his feet, strode across the room, poured golden liquid from a flask into a goblet, and came back as quickly. "You are to drink this at once, according to the Lady Frigga – and I will be in deep disgrace if you do not do so."
Happy muttered something that sounded very like, "Another one, damn it," but his touch was sure as he used an antiseptic wipe, and then applied a large adhesive dressing. "This really needs icing. You're gonna look like one of them abstract paintings Ms Potts likes tomorrow."
"Still not hungry," Steve said, with a shake of his head, but he moved closer to Tony, who put an arm around his waist in surreptitious support.
"Dr Banner is in his laboratory, sir, running a critical experiment which he said he could not leave."
Was that all? "Yeah. We were talking about how I wanted to be there, and how your conversation with Natasha and Clint, as well as with me, was going to be uncomfortable."
"You're being taken prisoner. What else? I have other things to do than hold your hands." Iron Man turned away and flew back towards Hatut Zeraze compound, to warn the occupying force to patch it together for the new arrivals.
Jan grinned unrepentantly. "Not the way that sounded, though he wouldn't be the only one, would he?" she added, winking at Tony.
There had been some speculation in the press about the Stark Tower evacuation, which had been attributed to everything from damage caused during the Chitauri invasion to a result of one of Tony's experiments to a breakout by the Hulk. It had helped that those people who had been in the lobby during the incursion – or those who has spoken to the press, at least – had told wildly differing stories. What was more, each paper that had quoted Tony had printed something contradictory. Either they were making up the quotes or Tony was gleefully misleading them. Steve's money was on the latter.
"It really failed?" Steve's heart was thundering. "I didn't think – it was just a precaution –" He didn't know right now whether he wanted to wrap his arms around Tony and never let go or punch him through the nearest wall. "Wait – you said that it did not lose power. No, that Tony said it did not lose power. That's – Jarvis, was he lying? If so, why?"
"Fuck." Tony made to get to his feet, but Steve hung onto him fiercely, because if he let him go he'd be cold, and alone. Again. He'd lost Peggy to old age and death, and Bucky to Hydra. Sharon, Sam, Clint and Natasha had deserted him. Those had been devastating enough, but to lose hope in Tony would somehow be worse. Not that he'd ever had any claim on Tony, just the cherished the dream of the perfect fighting partnership, more so even than with Bucky. And that one night.
"Well, you know Pep," Tony responded absently, watching the scientist removing two frosted vials from the flask, and placing – replacing – them in labelled slots in the cold store. "Rhodey, call me back later, okay? Computer, radio silence."
"You won't do that even if you could," Steve retorted angrily. "And, believe me, you can't hold me against my will."
It had swiftly become clear when they had started their journey that neither of the Starks intended that they would be followed. The private jet – and he shouldn't have known what a jet was, either – had taken off without them, heading for the other side of the country. Instead, he and Tony had jumped into the back of a truck, which they had exited at a gas station forty minutes later. The SUV had been waiting for them in a lot some ten minutes walk away.
The strange this-is-not-Makluan (at least according to Gene) device sat on one of the benches in Tony's workshop and sneered at him. He had probed it remotely with every instrument at his disposal and found absolutely nothing. If it had internal structure it was on a level below nanotech. What looked like embedded circuitry turned out to be decoration. Pressing what looked like buttons had no effect. He'd even tried to contact it with Extremis, but the thing just sat there. If it contained any electronics they were not contemporary Earth tech.
You don't get me that easily, Cap, he told the absent Steve. All the same I'll just lie here for a while and take those painkillers, maybe.
If Steve's hearing hadn't been so sensitive, he wouldn't have heard Tony's sharp intake of breath, and if he hadn't spent so many years listening to the man talk he wouldn't have recognised the catch of emotion in his voice as he said, "War Machine and I saved a lot of people that night."
Both Pepper and Steve were eyeing Tony uneasily. Normally he shambled in wearing whatever he had slept in – occasionally just in a T shirt, in which case one of them would turn him back towards the bedroom with instructions of "Pants, Tony," – while they were finishing their own meals, and slump down, waiting for one of them to place his first mug of coffee in front of him. This morning, however, he had been fully dressed and alert before either of them arrived.
Sif gave a single nod. "Safe journey," she said, her voice neutral. Then the horses were galloping back over the bridge.
"Are you suggesting we're safe here? I'm sure that, if the guys who tried to kidnap Betty were her father's men, he knows where she is. But he doesn't really worry me. The other guys, though – can Tony's defences here really hold against them, if they choose to come in all guns blazing with something like that helicopter-submarine with the ray guns?"
Jarvis's voice spoke over the crackle of the flames. "Indeed, Captain. This is the Air Force officer who introduced herself to Mr Stark as Colonel Carol Danvers."
"Well, that didn't go well," Steve said. "Sorry, Bruce. I thought you'd gotten him calmed down enough to listen to reason, but— I'd better go apologise."
Tony pushed himself into a sitting position and his face twisted in pain, overwhelming Steve in another wave of guilt. "Jarvis? Better put Thor through, before he gets impatient and calls Heimdall. You got a tablet or laptop in here, Steve?"
"Jan?" The distorted Iron Man voice echoed about the cave, somehow making the ensuing silence far worse. A patter from still-falling pebbles made him jump. "Jan!"
"You have every excuse to brood," Tony was saying. "None of us can replace those you lost, but you do have friends, Steve. So talk to me, huh? You haven't forgotten how to talk, right? No Loki-style gag?"
"I'll speak to him, Jarvis. Voice only. Wait until I give the word." Tony glanced round. "I'd appreciate it if you let me handle this. Without commentary."
"Turns out she's never been sold on the plans for Stark Energy and so she's no longer a part of it."
"T'Challa," Tony greeted, with no surprise left in him. "This is unexpected, but welcome to Avengers Tower."
"I didn't mean to go to sleep," Steve admitted, as Tony draped the clothing he was carrying over a chair and came back to sit on the edge of the bed. "To be honest, I didn't think I could. Once I'd calmed down I kept remembering how scared I was when I thought you were going to be executed, back in Wakanda, and when I found you in the spa – and how, down in the workshop, you were shaking."
Steve dropped him abruptly, grabbed his wrists in one big hand, forcing them above his head, pinning Tony against the nearest wall. With his free hand, he grabbed Tony's T-shirt by the collar and ripped the garment away.
"I could care less if you're the real Steve Rogers, though I'm sure you are. What I know is that my son thinks you hung the sun and stars," Howard said.
Pepper looked wildly about her, and her hand reached for the tumbler he had left on the dressing table.
"Of course, Captain. She was head of Stark International's legal department until Ms Potts and Mr Stark appointed her as legal consultant for Stark Energy. However, Mr Stark tends to use her as his personal lawyer."
"I'm pretty sure the Peggy I knew wouldn't have risked her career by sleeping with anyone, particularly without protection, but what I am certain of is that she didn't sleep with me."
Steve flung himself across the floor, sliding so his feet hit the mask first, knocking it flying. The girl – Whitney? – ignored him and scrambled after it. But Steve was on his feet before she was, leaping between her and the mask. She snarled and, moving with equal speed, feinted towards his face with her fist but kicked out at his groin. He caught her foot and threw her backward, then winced as her head impact on the wheel arch of one of the cars. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Howard throw the mask so it was hidden from view behind the crashed cars.
"Stark?" T'Challa's big hand was gripping his shoulder. When Tony looked up he found the Panther hood thrown back, and a worried look on the monarch's face. "Have I made the right decision? Are you sure you're up to this?"
"I played the horse-crazy woman to perfection," Lori said. "That pair now know far more about breeding Arabs and Andalusians than they ever wanted to."
"Harsh, Stark." Fury's one eye glared assessingly at Tony, who finally retracted the faceplate so he could return it with interest and a shit-eating grin. His own eyes, he knew, would be back to their normal blue.
Steve only had time to take a few sips of water – indeed, he had not finished debating with himself whether he could keep Tony silent by using his 'Captain America' glare – when a woman came striding into the room.
"Thor is right about you." She hesitated, then plainly made up her mind. "You are right, but do not speak of it to Thor, I beg you. His dearest friend, the very best of us, vanished many years ago, so long that, even in Asgard, all hope is gone. I think, perhaps, he sees something of that old grief in you and your friend Anthony Stark. He is most anxious to reunite you. And to return to Midgard to be reunited himself with Jane Foster."
Tony sighed. "A week ago I was sure you were dead. Since you've gotten back you've come damn near to dying twice. I know you can't resist someone in need, but please, babe, for the sake of my nerves, wait until you're fully recovered before you start pushing it. Though I could make you a suit of armour—"
Tony took a breath to argue, then let it out slowly. Maybe Steve was right and he was going to need time to draw conclusions from this mass – mess – of data.
He was desperately out of place here; a soldier, a super-hero (whatever that phrase might mean) who had never been rich, never been anything but struggling to survive, whether in Twenties and Thirties Brooklyn or in war-torn Europe.
Tony was a lot later than he'd planned getting into the air in the armour. SHIELD had arrived and quarrelled with the police and the army about taking charge of the remains and with him about his methods of dealing with the creature. They'd also hosed him down, for which he was grateful, but they insisted that he be examined by their medics.
"Too little. Dang it, this is so hard to explain, particularly to you. You're so much a man of your time. The large changes are much easier to cope with than the bad things that have stayed the same. Then when you think something's the same and it isn't... that's horrible. I hated Stark Tower when I first saw it—"
As they stepped forward, T'Challa pressed a gun – the gun he and Steve had taken from White Wolf – into Tony's hand. Both men spun as one, Tony firing straight at the nearest of the Wakandans, then shifting his aim...
was Tony's thought. Instead of voicing it, he inclined his head towards the sword. "Some weapon. What's it made of?"
Jarvis was trawling the internet, shattering firewalls and hacking government, commercial and personal databases and emails alike, looking for references to any unidentified young female African, for references to Wakanda and T'Challa as well as Shuri and, while he was about it, to references to the Eternal Champions, to Stormbringer, to Cornelius Moorcock and any other reference to Michael Moorcock or his characters outside of literary criticism, reviews or book sales. Tony had the uneasy feeling that once this tactic had been exhausted they would have to go on to sixties fantasy literature in general, then science fiction and, eventually, Tolkien, Heinlein and Asimov...
The robes turned out to be surprisingly cool, despite draping as if they were heavy. They were also soft, and rich with gold thread which turned into embroidery at the cuffs and collars.
Betty had been Bruce's partner in more ways than one, and Bruce was smart, in some ways as smart as Tony. It figured that Betty might be their equal.
Jan snorted. "This is Tony Stark's house. The whole thing is probably in breach of California's gun laws."
"You may think Oliver's Plot is in hick country but it sure ain't in Ireland. No shamrocks here. Besides, no leprechaun I heard of was green. Dressed in green, maybe, but not green-skinned and nekkid like a Martian or something..."
"T'Chaka refused the outlanders' offer outright, saying that Wakanda had all the technology it needed, and charged White Wolf with protecting our culture and our borders. He thought that was the end of it, but less than a year later, a man calling himself Ulysses Klaw somehow appeared in the very heart of Wakanda, armed with the weapon you took from White Wolf, or one identical to it."
"You'd break your word." Steve was plainly incredulous, and that somehow warmed Tony, even though he knew the other man was wrong.
Tony shook himself. "We need transport, and our scientists need facilities. With your agreement, we'll take my plane out from JFK and head for the Stark facilities in Seattle. As a base it's not going to be luxurious, but it's secure, and communications, computer and transport facilities are better than we have here."
"She's still alive, according to SHIELD. I could contact her, I suppose, but I don't think that's fair to her. If she's seen Captain America on TV she probably thinks I'm a substitute and hates me for it."
Picking up the briefcase, Tony cast one last look at the shield, then Iron Man rose on his boot jets and up the narrow shaft that led to the garage, multiple hatches opening as he rose, then snapping shut behind him.
Steve wasn't worried. Anyone who had the reflexes to pilot the Iron Man suit, with or without Jarvis's assistance, wasn't going to crash a car worth – well, a lot. He wasn't going to ask how much.
"Slightly. Air Force to the core. Actually, the Air Force right or wrong. A good pilot, mind you, though not in Jim's class. Or mine. This complicates things."
"Indeed, I was there. Nor were the enemy expecting me." This was followed by an evil chuckle. Then Thor added, in a much more sober voice: "If they had been, they would have sent the Asgardian witch."
There were two light sources. One was too far away to even think about investigating right now. The other, though... the other was the blue-white light of the arc reactor.
Still seething, Steve clamped his lips shut on his angry words, and went. Maybe a cold shower would help him calm down. And in more ways than one, because, to his dismay, the exchange with Tony had left him strongly sexually aroused.
Tony stepped out of the armour. He looked tired and his clothing – dark slacks and T-shirt with a logo Steve did not recognise – was heavily creased. Overwhelmed by protectiveness, Steve drew him into a hug, burying his face in his hair. "Does this place have a bed?" he asked. "Because I think you need sleep more than a shower."
"No. I can't. We can't. You don't understand. Something big is building, Steve. You know it, and I know it. But there's just too much data, too many possibilities."
Though none of the perfectly rational objections to getting into a relatio– fucking Steve had miraculously vanished.
drunk. You did say that, and just now that friends don't 'owe' friends. Fuck it, the Avengers are going to be needed again. Jarvis calculates the odds at eighty-nine point five per cent that we'll be needed within the next six months, maybe sooner, and my instinct says sooner. Fury was right in one thing; the universe knows we're here, but SHIELD has political masters and we don't. I don't need their finance to get a team ready to meet the threat."
Tony braked and threw the wheel over, setting the car into a barely-controlled spin. Then the shockwave caught her.
"This'll give us some preliminary data," Hank said. "Meanwhile, Tony, is this the only thing you brought with you, apart from Captain America, who seems to have vanished, by the way?"
"I've been researching this Captain America guy and I don't think for one moment I could have been him. He was supposed to have been treated with this super-soldier serum, right? One of the things it is reported is giving him is a perfect memory. I don't remember anything! Even if I were Steve Rogers, I could have been brainwashed. I've been looking up the techniques. I may have been put here to spy on you, or SHIELD. I could be the worst danger you've ever faced."
The inside of the metal doors gleamed bright at one end, while extensive living accommodation had been laid out at the other. What was presumably mining equipment took up a considerable area, as did a second – and even less salubrious – living area surrounded by a roof-high chain-link fence, though the gates to that stood wide.
"The last alien invaders were dealt with without the Pentagon's assistance. I gave Velasco his transport units, and don't try to tell me he hasn't been taking them apart. I bet he's also one of the engineers who've been trying to figure out your suit," Tony added, shrewdly. "They really should have taken a look at the repulsor patents."
Fury had taken over the tiny office of the New York SHIELD co-ordinator. The whole operation, which normally had around thirty staff, was now accommodating a couple of hundred, all busy yelling into their phones or tapping frantically on the screens of their smart phones.
Steve lifted an eyebrow. "Are you telling me the reason you haven't married and had children is because that's what Howard wanted?"
"Nope," Tony said, interrupting in his turn. "Created by a German scientist. You know as well as I do that Erskine wasn't his real name. And then there was the Red Skull, also a product of that serum."
Steve started after them, but Jan dug in her heels, hanging onto him grimly. She couldn't stop him, but she was still attached to his shirt when they reached the open hatch. "It's all right, Steve," she panted. "It's all right. Betty has my remaining Pym particles. She'll release the parachute and once they're through the portal—"
Tony made an annoyed, dismissive motion with one hand. "Just because Pepper isn't here doesn't mean—"
Regaining control of the Iron Man armour, Tony lowered them both to the hangar roof, now with an inconvenient hole about six feet wide bitten out of the edge below where the portal had been.
"You might wish to reconsider to whom you should ascribe that particular sentiment," T'Challa observed, earning himself a poke in the ribs with a gun barrel by one of the mercenaries flanking him. Hatut Zeraze spears were suddenly lowered, but raised again at a gesture from Hunter.
Jealous of a dead woman? An old dead woman. Who had never slept with Steve. Which he hadn't either and probably never would.
But that didn't matter, because Tony was there, standing looking at him, his dark eyes huge in a too-pale face. Steve wanted, desperately, to sweep him into his arms, the way Hank had Jan.
"SHIELD believes they have eliminated it, but they do not appear to have located the seed code hidden within the security coding, sir," Jarvis answered.
"Director Fury was right about one thing: the universe beyond Earth knows we're here, and that we're outgunned. The Avengers are all that stands between the human race and hostile beings with weapons in advance of our own, not to mention their allies on Earth. Yes, they have them; some of them Enhanced and some not human at all. Avengers business, which I should be taking care of right now."
"Despite the name, it has a bad reputation. Agamotto himself wrote that 'The Soul gem is said to devour souls. Something terrible, that legend calls Devondra, lives at the heart of it, and it may be that that is what devours the souls trapped within.'"
"So romantic," Tony said, with a grin, but his eyes never left Steve's, dark and enigmatic. "Come to bed with me, Captain Rogers?"
Steve had never been more grateful for the gift of his super-soldier reflexes than when threading the Harley through Manhattan midday traffic through the one-way maze leading into the Holland Tunnel.
It led into what was plainly a workshop area, though the four men lurking there were equally plainly not mechanics. Two of them looked round in surprise, but the other two, who were watching the main hall of the hangar from behind some heavyweight machinery (and if Tony had been here he would have been able to advise them what it was and how bulletproof it was – and, damn it, not having him here to do it worse than not carrying his shield) did not move. Their guns – sub-machine guns, Steve guessed, though in some ways they looked more like carbines – remained pointed towards one of the two giant transport aircraft parked there.
It brought back another unwanted memory from the night before, of Steve half carrying him into the bathroom, and of him emptying his stomach into the john. He didn't remember coming back to bed.
. My brother. I could no more have sex with him than..." Steve shook his head, with a bitter laugh. "He grew up to be a real ladies man, contemptuous of fags, same as most men back then. He would never have hurt anyone, though – was far too kind. Was always trying to fix me up with dames too. An' I have a feeling he may have saved me from being raped a couple of times." He looked at Tony. "I always kinda thought you were like him. Like your Dad."
"...your fault," another male voice was saying, indicating he had missed something, though whether a few words or a larger number of sentences he could not say. "At least you are still around to help deal with the consequences."
Clea was regarding Steve with an inquisitive, almost clinical expression. "You are not the original inhabitant of that body," she said suddenly.
"I don't think so. When I looked for it it had vanished. Maybe SHIELD had something to do with that." At least, that was what Tony hoped, but other things had vanished after the Battle of Manhattan, things much bigger and marginally less dangerous.
"Yeah. Take evasive action and yell for help. Also, avoid flying into any teleportation portals." Iron Man held out his arm and Steve stepped into its circle, reaching for his handholds as Jarvis deployed the oxygen feed to close over his nose and mouth.
Fandral chuckled. "He says nothing. Which is why Frigga is charged by Odin to question him at regular intervals. A wise move. I think Loki still cares for her. Of course, her own heart is so great she still loves him as she ever did." He sighed.
As he fought, he became aware that the ranks of the enemy were being thinned at a rate equal to his own by their new ally. He might not be as strong as Steve, but he was even faster and Steve did not recognise his technique, though he hoped he would have the chance to study it...
"Then I don't see how you get from you touching the device to me being in this body. And how can you be sure your 'weird experience' was a result of touching it?"
"Come on!" Tony grabbed T'Challa's arm. "Jarvis, garage express elevator to this floor," he ordered as he hustled T'Challa out of the door. Hank was right behind them.
"I know, I know. But Pepper probably isn't going to see it that way," Steve said. Her reaction was something he was not looking forward to. At all.
Tony felt Steve's arm slide round his shoulders, strong and warm and comforting. "But the most likely one is still that it wasn't him."
"You don't say," Clint said. He turned to Tony. "We hadn't meant to come in, but then there was that business in Seattle. There was a whiff of Hulkiness about that creature, so we went looking for Lieutenant General Ross. We didn't find him, but, boy, we did stir up a hornet's nest. Nat spoke to your legal eagle, and she said you and Steve were in East Africa, which rang all sorts of different alarm bells."
Tony caught his breath, and sauntered towards the bar. "Did you always look like that?" he asked Carter, repeating Steve's question from that first meeting under the super cell, with the hail clattering about them.  He poured himself a large Scotch and waited for the answer.
Giving up, he flung the quilt aside and rolled to his feet. Natasha looked up from the tablet she was reading and Steve mimed lifting something to his lips, raised his eyebrows and asked "Coffee?" wordlessly, because he didn't want to wake Hank or Lieutenant Storm.
The blonde SHIELD agent who looked so like Peggy Carter was standing at his shoulder, talking to him in a low voice. As he and Thor descended lightly to the ground behind them, Tony began to catch what she was saying.
"You're going to have to explain yourself sooner or later," Steve said, with a chuckle. "Sure you don't want me to move to the other side of the bed?"
Once out of the room he found himself surrounded by a quartet of warriors, one of whom said, very carefully, as if learned by rote: "Mr Stark, the Black Panther has instructed us to convey you to a place where you..." He frowned. "...are to wait for him. He wishes to speak to you privately."
"Dad, really? You know the fingerprints of twins aren't identical and he's full-grown, adult, looks to be in his middle twenties. He speaks English with a slight Brooklyn accent. Rogers was born and grew up in Brooklyn. That would have to be not just a huge leap in cloning techniques but in forced growth and implanting. Computer!"
On the surface, the complex of buildings behind the chapel appeared deserted. So, instead, Tony flew them to the ornate wrought-iron entrance gates, now closed, through which they had entered earlier in the day. These were now like something out of a Dracula movie, the spotlights that that would normally have thrown the black-and-gold into sharp relief reduced to tiny clouded suns behind the billows of fog. As they landed neatly in the road just outside the gatehouse, close enough to be in – slightly misted - view of anyone inside, they could see the windows were softly lit.
"I'm sure there's something important I've forgotten," Tony said, "but everything seems to be there."
sort of guy, and you aren't, you couldn't do anything to me without my consent. Even weakened, so long as you aren't in the suit, I can take you apart. You know this. So this isn't about me. It's about you. About always being in control."
"You don't need to protect me from myself," Steve went on. "I wanted you from the moment I saw you, though, to be honest, the first thing that hit me after the lust was dismay that being in love with Peggy hadn't cured me of wanting men."
"No I fucking well wasn't." Tony was plainly furious. "But you were so damn sure of yourself, didn't trust me or Bruce at all, just made a judgement without letting us explain what we were doing. JARVIS himself thought it 'worth a go' but no, Captain America knows best – even when he knows nothing. You still didn't accept we'd made the right call, not even after Thor countered Maximoff's play. Not after he told you that
The room itself was lit by what might or might not be Tiffany lamps, while on the dining table itself, which Tony seemed to be in the process of rearranging, candlelight glittered on silver and cut glass, flared off the white linen and china.
"No," Tony said firmly. "I stumbled and touched it by accident. I wasn't wishing for anything. So I'm not Ali Baba and this isn't a magic lamp."
For one moment Steve was flooded with joy, his heart picking up speed as he clutched Mjolnir even tighter – but it couldn't be
And it all came back, not so much in a flood as in waves battering through the lingering alcoholic haze.
"She's an Avenger," Steve said, annoyed that Danvers might doubt that after the events at Malibu and the last five minutes.
Only the last thing he could remember wasn't a glass of something alcoholic, but a masked man in white.
There were four men, all dressed in some kind of uniform, but ludicrously unprepared. Only one of them reacted swiftly enough to get a hand to his gun.
This time the Ancient One's smile was wide and real. "Indeed. I am looking forward to hearing the whole story."
"According to Betty, the military were willing to use Bruce's blood to produce something akin to the Hulk, which then ran amok in Harlem. Only the Hulk stopped it," Jan said.
"Not like you to obey that particular order, Jay. Unless you had an ulterior motive. So, you gonna finish what you started to say to me when I woke up."
Half a dozen SHIELD agents, guns out and flashlights waving, were past him before he had managed to get to his feet, a process not helped by Pepper clutching at him, asking again and again if he was all right.
"It's my birthday party," Tony pointed out. "Or, at least, that's the excuse. I'm okay, Dad. I'll shower, change and be with you in fifteen minutes."
Steve thought, even as he shifted into the embrace, burying his face against Tony's shoulder. "I wasn't just angry. I lost control," he admitted. "I can't afford to lose control. I hurt you. I could have seriously injured you – or even killed you."
"What is it, Tony?" Miranda's voice asked. "We've got people out there recovering your car, but it's totalled, I'm afraid."
"Me? I'm fine, or I will be. The medics here are amazing and so are their painkillers! They're – the medics, not the painkillers – are using bioengineered bacteria to repair my eardrums and cochlear nerve. According to them I'll be one hundred per cent again in twenty-four hours. Meanwhile," she added, reaching for a faceted sphere lying on a carved wooden table. "I just need to switch this on and you'll be able to talk to me. Better get that helmet off first, though," she added, reaching up to grip it firmly in both hands. "It may interfere with the function."
Steve shook his head. "We've heard nothing from them since they alerted us about the legal threats from the government and we know better than to try to look for them in DC. That was our first contact since the Avengers split. Well, Tony thinks they were probably at Coulson's funeral. On the other hand, Pepper Potts is equally sure they weren't, and it would have been a risk."
"There's a hurricane making its way up the East Coast. Is there any way you can stop it before it hits Manhattan?"
They were followed by a thunderous crash as the released waves pounded into the base of the cliff. A little water leaked under the door, but it held easily.
"Perhaps because he cannot explain his survival. I have scanned the remains of the armour and the spent core," Jarvis said, "and my calculations show the residual power levels fell below what was needed to sustain life support over a protracted period."
"Hey, he thanked me personally, though he seemed to think I was just backing up the medics. He's right that I couldn't have done it by myself, though. This place is just incredible. One minute you think you're back about five hundred years, the next you think you're a couple of hundred years in the future. Some aspects of their medical practice make ours look primitive."
Steve finished the length just below Tony's feet and hauled himself up out of the pool, muscles moving in perfect synchrony.
The car looked fast when it was standing still: on the move it felt more like riding the Iron Man armour, though a lot more comfortable.
Tony shook his head. "You're out of your depth, Fury. No, no, I am too. Whoever did this is either in touch with the Chitauri and whoever was behind them or is smart enough to analyse the Chitauri material and put together those bombs within a few weeks of the invasion. That makes them smarter than your scientists—"
"No, I'm still working on that. Dad's supposed to be suspended and under investigation but no one seems to know where he is. But this is something else. I told Jan because Hank— No, let me start from the beginning." She paused for a moment, plainly collecting her thoughts. "When Jan and Hank moved out of their Culver laboratory early this year, it was because they thought it wasn't secure."
Tony gave a gasp that was half surprise, half pain. Steve pulled his hands away as if burned, but Tony hung on tightly.
It was risky, of course, it was, but not perhaps as risky for him as it would have been for any other member of the Avengers, with the possible exception of Jan. But Hank was currently not letting her out of his sight; which was going to get him into so much trouble...
"Damn that. You messed up today because something's eating you. Now, spit it out. Because I'm not getting back in that car with you fuming while you're driving."
He reached the rear of the plane's passenger cabin right behind Shuri and Betty who, moving in perfect unison, grabbed the unconscious figure of suit-and-sunglasses by the shoulders and hauled him forward, careless of his legs bumping along the floor.
It was Jarvis who answered. "We've lost contact, sir. The storm is giving off massive amounts of energy. The readings are off the scale." He paused, and Tony realised, with delight in his creation, that it was for effect. "The only parallel readings I can find were taken just outside the town of Puento Antiguo by Dr Jane Foster."
It was Steve who answered out of the darkness. "We're going to need that and more. They're already on our trail."
"Well, you'll need somewhere to stay until we assign you a new apartment," Fury was saying to Steve. "Something more secure."
Tony pulled himself together. No time to feel sorry for himself. "O-kay," he drawled. "You know my methods, Jarvis. Find out if the White House or Justice is stupid enough to keep information we can use on their computer systems."
Tony had made damn sure that salary kept growing. She also owned a good deal of Stark Industries stock, and he intended her for the board just as soon as he could wrangle it.
And all he wanted to do was to crawl into the bed beside Steve and sleep in his arms. Instead, he lay back in the reclining chair, told Jarvis to "Call me at dawn, but be careful not to wake Steve," and let himself drift into sleep.
Tony was watching his hands and the knife with unnecessary concentration. "I'll back the two of us against them."
Tony forced himself to grin. "Only you can't master this device, because it needs to be touched by bare skin. I can testify to that. But you can't do that, can you? Because you're encased in steel, scared of your body—"
He'd been waiting and wondering if that might change, at least for a short time, ever since the call from Natasha at midnight.
"You really think Hawkeye and the Widow needed my help to go off grid?" Tony shook his head slowly, exaggerating the movement. The glowing eyeslits of the helmet would make the gesture obvious. "Boy, if I ever get to tell Widow that she is so going to tear your head from your shoulders..."
"No!" Steve shouted, startling Tony and Bruce. He took several deep breaths, and then went on quietly, "Sorry. I shouldn't've yelled. I'm real grateful, Tony, but just let it go. Please."
The self-styled Master kept his silence for perhaps ten seconds longer, and then, just as Tony opened his mouth to speak again, he stepped back from the open door and ushered them into the lobby. Tony immediately recognised the staircase through which Bruce would crash at some time in the future and the leaded-light window above it. Not to mention the Cauldron of whatever.  On the other hand, the room was more cluttered with glass cases than when he had last seen it, making it look like a museum. Though as what he did remember was a room that looked as if the Hulk had smashed it – though he hadn't, except for the stairs, and those by accident – so perhaps it was an unfair comparison.
"Just evening the odds. Between SHIELD's briefing pack, your attitude and Loki's staff, I didn't feel much like making a pass at you."
Though Steve didn't have his shield with him, his arm moved defensively across his body, as if he was still holding it. "He doesn't want to be found. Not even by me. If he even remembers me now."
The Doombot pulled off the right hand gauntlet, revealing a skeletal hand covered by what looked too much like pale skin for Tony's peace of mind.
"Because he used to hang out at all those places where women with silicone breasts and no brains cluster hoping to hook up with a billionaire."
Steve looked suspiciously into her guileless brown eyes. "Aren't you going to warn me not to hurt him?"
Tony had been so surprised that he could cook that Steve wondered what he thought people ate in the thirties – probably that Steve had been in line at the soup kitchens all the time – but his mother had always had a job and as soon as he could hold a mop or a knife he had earned extra money in Brooklyn eateries. Of course it had been mainly washing up and chopping vegetables, but he had kept his eyes open and added to his basic home-cooking knowledge by observation.
"I am quite certain that that would not be a memory I would wish to keep," Jarvis said dryly. "Meanwhile, I have instructions from Ms Potts to put you through to her the instant you call in."
"This would," Jarvis said, "be so much easier if SHIELD hadn't upgraded the security on their computer databases. I cannot even see them now. It is if they have been switched off."
Tony exchanged an uneasy glance with Steve, whose mouth was set in a grim line. N'kendi exited the SUV first and led the way forward as the gates swung open. Beyond was a complex of low buildings, made from the same material as the village huts. Every instinct told Tony that they were being watched. With his luck, by a sniper. He noticed that Steve had moved to shield his back as what might or might not be an honour guard of the armoured warriors fell into position alongside them.
Ten seconds more and the final pieces of armour were in place. Tony threw the case into the trunk, slammed it shut, and rose up into the night sky.
He waited, but Howard merely leaned back in his chair and regarded him levelly. "Steve gave me a sample before dinner," Howard said. He hesitated, then went on, "He was pretty down."
"Stark had one of your weapons," White Wolf said slowly, "but, luckily, it didn't fire." There was a suspicious note in his voice that cheered Tony. "On the other hand, T'Challa and Stark were heading in the general direction of the loading bay, not away from it."
He yanked the yoke back, still keeping his finger tight on the gun's trigger. It took out most of the roof before it ceased to fire. Out of power, presumably.
"Hell!" Tony looked wildly about him. "The Infinity Stones – some people – Avengers – must have been carrying them here!"
"Could be locked to his fingerprints," Steve suggested. "Or even to his genetic code." The Iron Man armour was now locked to Tony's. And maybe this control panel was locked to this guy's.
"I haven't decided whether I trust him or not," Tony replied evenly. "If he is the king of this country he shouldn't have put himself in his enemies' hands in order to rescue a couple of intruders that
He said: "Cap obviously wasn't brain dead, despite Hill's claim. So why didn't SHIELD wake him up? They must have been keeping him unconscious. Why?"
There was no heat signature in the Oval office. So the President was probably in the family residence on the second floor. Unless she was closeted with her campaign staff. Well, he'd see.
"That wasn't the Hulk." Tony found he was saying it in chorus with Jan, who suddenly appeared perched elegantly on the arm of one of the overstuffed sofas. Instantly, Natasha had a gun in her hand, and Clint was wielding a commando knife.
As they stepped onto Bifrost, the mist vanished. When Steve had first heard about the Rainbow Bridge, he had pictured it as a true rainbow, with the seven colours arching into the sky. This, though, was flat, with thin lines of colour sparkling through frost, reaching out over the abyss to the golden dome with what looked like a giant sundial gnomon on top. From what Volstagg told him, this was Heimdall's observatory.
And Tony, who had been flying by the seat of his pants, suddenly knew exactly how he was going to conduct this conversation. "Fury here," he growled, though he could have shouted it in a falsetto and Jarvis and the synthesiser would have made it sound like Fury at the other end.
Tony grimaced. "I did. But that went dark a few days ago, probably disabled by accident by engineers Rhodey let fiddle with the suit. Unless it was Valesco... I had an upgrade prepared, but then Rhodey and I had words." He shrugged.
"Oh, god," Tony said. His face, pressed into Steve's neck, was getting warmer. And his dick was now pressing hard – very hard – into the cleft of Steve's buttocks.
At the end Tony had to call Pepper and Rhodey for help, his friends searched too and called their own friends to ask for Buddy. While they were doing that, Tony made a missing post and went out to paste it everywhere, not before he called Jarvis to asking to babysit ¾
Because Steve Rogers is a genius for business, young with only 26 years old, charismatic, cunning and handsome. He took the reins of RI a couple of years ago after his father decided to retire, and in that time he placed RI on the Fortune 500 list single handed. And he mentioned that Rogers is hot, because he is.
“Why did you not say anything to me?” Mr. Rogers asked sounding hurt, Tony didn’t now what to say, “Did you not feel comfortable? Was someone harassing you? Was it Johnson?”
Then the blond fell silent, waiting for Tony’s response, but the other was trying to process all that Mr. Rogers told him, and what those words made him feel.
And he really did, that man was an asshole and he despised him since the beginning, he considered Tony a spy, only for his last name.)
He confided that to him…like a lot of things, he trusted him against his brain telling him that it was not wise. He loved him like he has never loved him anyone else, with all the parts of his broken heart and putting all his being in his hands.
“Keep fighting then, if you fall the get up and fight again, fight for what you believe Tony, and if the rest don’t understand that is not your problem”
Tony didn’t trust Natasha, but he understood the necessity to work with her. She was like the bridge between him and Steve’s team.
So he let her know about the new reform on the Avengers Initiative, Tony talked with her about it and asked her opinion. He disclosed to her what he deemed pertinent for the others to know, even if they never sign this new accord, Tony just hoped that knowing what it was about was enough deterred for them to do something stupid.
"That's real neighbourly of you, Mr Stark. Guess we'll do just that." Jackson's pilot hurried to her aircraft.
was Tony's thought. What he said was, "The farm I bought for Pepper, which she rejected even before she rejected me."
Right now Sam was out looking for Bucky, proving his loyalty. When they found Buck – if they were still alive to find him, which was in doubt with Ultron on the loose – he would have the basis for a new group, one that came with much more comfortable – acceptable – feelings...
That pain was worse than the all-too-familiar headache and dustpan mouth, informing him in no uncertain terms that drowning his sorrows was not an effective remedy against loss.
"And went missing deliberately," Tony said. "Otherwise the index wouldn't have been missing. Whose was the sample? Not you or Bruce or Hank himself?"
"I was. But I have an emergency which one will get you twenty is tied in to your current problem. I had to borrow this civilian jet to get to you, so clear me for a goddam runway right now. If Storm is still on base, grab him and hold him, together with whoever came with him and lock the whole bunch away until I can sort it out."
Hennis dropped to the floor, but Tony threw himself straight at the red, white and blue clad figure, passing right through it and on through the already-closing elevator doors. He went to his knees as the car shot upwards.
"Really. Thor's in Asgard, but hopefully he'll be back. Your father won't. I want to know why he didn't tell you about the hidden lab. He told you about the base itself."
"She was trying to contact you. I told her you'd done one of your infamous vanishing acts. Jarvis wasn't talking to anyone but, according to Potts, a couple of African ambassadors had gone to the Tower to speak to you, and then you and Rogers had left, presumably for East Africa. Where is Rogers, by the way?"
"None of which explains why the hell you haven't contacted us to tell us Captain-fucking-America was alive and well and in your damn modernist dream house," Clint snarled.
Steve remembered that all too well, just as he remembered Iron Man riding that missile into Loki's portal.
"Sir, Mrs Arbogast has just called to remind you that the Board meeting is at 14:30, and should she add Ms Potts's resignation to the agenda?"
Ignoring Tony's banter with the ease of long practice, War Machine leaped over the now quiescent tail to join Iron Man. "Is that thing still alive?"
The door closed behind him without any detectable noise and his feet were silent on the thick carpet.
"In the SUV," Bruce said, close to his ear. As someone was also tugging his arm, he presumed that was Bruce too.
That hurt. He really had tried. But he could give as good as he got. "Is that your excuse for betraying me to SHIELD?"
“Right. Cleaning. We should make one of those stupid chore charts when people move in," Tony laughed, "Make someone do something different each day."
"Well he was just born. The doctors still have to check him over and everything to be sure he is healthy." Steve explained. "He and Ms. Sharon need rest before he can go home."
"Make sure to clean your face, Peter. Go have fun with your toys." Steve hummed. "But we aren't going to yell. I promise." He hummed, turning back to Tony. "And no you can't wear a shirt forever. You would smell to high heaven and be soaking wet because you will definitely need a shower."
"Of course you can, bud." Steve hummed, grabbing them up and helping them on little feet. "You want your feet to look cool when we see the sharks, right?" He chuckled, looking up at the boy on the bed.
"That motherfucker's getting the best damn bachelor party ever," Clint grinned, "Strippers, right? Can't forget the strippers."
Steve turned around, surprised to see Tony awake. "His juice spilled all over himself in the middle of breakfast. Gotta get him cleaned up. Morning."
"I love your blush," Tony blurted, unable to take his eyes off Steve's face, "I--ah, yes. Red. Deep red." He nodded quickly, fingers flying through the racks till he found a small, lacy number, fondly picking at the bows and garters before putting it in the cart with matching thigh-highs.
Hot tears fell out the corners of his eyes as he looked up to try and will away the feeling. When he did look up however, he paused. Steve could've swore he could see a form beginning to appear out into the vast distance of the room. Just before he could call out towards it, he awoke.
The blond watched with such a proud grin for both of his boys, eyes admittedly wet as he watch. Peter was taking initiative and helping his younger brother, and it had to be one of the sweetest thing he has been able to witness.
"That's hot," Tony laughed into his coffee, rolling his eyes, "This is the timeout corner. Essentially."
Lights turned on one by one, brightening the room and showing various things inside made out of metal that Steve didn't know what to make of just yet.
He rolled over to Steve, flicking off the pillow to press kisses over his face. The blond just continued to pout, turning his face to the side and looking genuinely upset.
He laughed sheepishly, sighing as he sat on the tub so Steve could work on the burns. After he applied the ointment, Steve wrapped bandages around Tony's chest, helping the other slip his shirt back on.
"Nuh-uh. Only three days." Steve shook his head, leaning into Tony's touches. "Trouble just seems to follow me. Can't help it…."
The baby squeaked back, gently kicking his legs as Steve put him down on the changing table. He reached back up for Steve, whining softly.
She chuckled softly, a genuine smile on her lips, "My aunt will be taking care of me, but in the meantime, I'm trying to get as many of my eggs signed off as I can before I'm not legally able to."
"Thanks for going to all that trouble, Steve. For a first-time dish, it actually looks good." Tony assured, releasing his hug and patting Steve's shoulder warmly before taking the oven mitts off of the blond's hands. "Now how about I show you how to plate it up? Make it all look nice and fancy. Maybe add a garnish--"
"I know. I hope he doesn't." Steve hummed, getting up from the table. "I'll talk with him. Bring his cookies as a peace offering." He whispered softly, kissing him back.
"I suppose, if that what you all wanna do." Steve said with a shrug through a bite of cake. "But if we do, nobody is driving home tonight. There is plenty of room here, so you all would crash here." He explained sternly.
He rubbed softly on Peter's back, humming softly. "How about I let you nap a little longer while I make dinner and you can wake up when it’s ready? Does that sound good?"
His nightmares were far away, for once in his life; Tony slept deeply, only waking when the sun hit his eyes, causing him to blink sleepily in the morning light. He yawned, scrunching his nose up at the feeling of dried tears on his face. As last night trickled back into his memory, Tony kissed Steve's hand again, resting his cheek against the cool metal of the engagement band. The blond stirred softly in his sleep at the touch, humming gently as he slowly opened his eyes. He smiled as he met Tony's face, moving to kiss his lips gently.
"Store. Can we go t'the museum t'morrah? M'feet hurt," Peter frowned, staring at his shoes, "And I wanna wrap Daddy's gifties."
Steve fell back onto the bed, Tony pushing him back. "Not even sure why. Pretty bad that I can turn you on by doing absolutely nothing." He smirked.
"Go bathe him, comfort me later," Tony gave Steve a smooch, hand lingering on his cheek, "He needs it."
of what you'd like to do since you've got the sprout next door," Bucky mused, getting on top of a stepstool, "That's gonna be my Christmas present to you. Unlimited gift cards for letting the squirt chill at the cool house so his parents cannot be celibate elderly people."
"Uh-huh..." The boy said softly into the touch, moving to snuggle both his Daddy and Papa. "Jus' don't weave foreva'." He whispered.
As they headed back, Steve felt his phone buzzing in his pocket. He pulled out his phone to see a message from Natasha. They were all there and in place. Perfect timing.
Steve chuckled, realizing now where Tony had gone. He hugged up the boy sweetly and kissed at his cheeks happily.
He set the belt lightly across Tony's bottom before he would start swatting. "Twenty swats. One for every four times. Then we will deal with the rest in store."
"That sounds like a great condition. Also means you have a plan, and I can't wait to see it," he nearly purred, kissing at Tony's blush.
Steve blinked at that a bit. "Me? Why do you think I should?" He asked in curiosity. "I figured that you would want the honor. I mean, I wouldn't mind. Hell, I'd love it. I just...why?"
"Yeah, bud. We'll see the sharks. I know you like them." Steve hummed, petting Peter's head as he heard him fall asleep.
"When were we going to get to see this cutie?" Natasha asked at a whisper, towel wrapped around her head.
"Sorry that I don't provide much warmth," Tony mumbled, still rubbing Steve's back, "Go ahead, baby."
"Well you sir seem to forget that I myself am a human furnace." Steve shot back, ticking his tongue out playfully. He managed to scoot, wrapping arms around the both of them and snuggling close with a content hum.
He lifted Tony's hand quickly to kiss at the knuckles, taking a breath and finally relaxing. Tony took a quick glance to smile at Steve, settling back in his seat. They drove in silence for most the way, only Elvis on the radio keeping them company. Eventually, Tony pulled off the highway, grinning as he followed the familiar roads toward the family cabin.
"This is Bucky Bear. He was my most special toy since before I was your age." He explained. "I thought I had lost him. So to have him again is very special to me, squirt."
Steve patted Peter's leg gently, with a soft smile. "I even told Sammy that when he was down for a nap, it was my time with you.”
"Peter came down to propose?" Tony gasped, ignoring the shiver that ran down his back, "Why, Pete, I don't know what to say! Isn't this all too sudden?"
"Where are you going? We were getting comfy. And you were warm." He pointed out. He was still nude at the present time.
"M'ere..." Steve slurred as he sat in the bath, making small, grabbing hands towards Tony's face. "Come in with me, please?"
With one hand on the steering wheel and the other firmly held in Steve's hand, Tony pulled into the garage of
"Yessir," Tony slurred, gently pushing his hips up into Steve's hand, "Can't help it when you touch me, Sir."
"I may not remember if I truly did have a crush on you before, but I have a strong feeling that I did. Because I can still feel it. And it feels about the same as you describe it." He stated warmly, chuckling gently. "And I think I'll remember. Doesn't amnesia just make you forget before and not what happens after?".
"Not at all, hon. You're not that much of a handful at all." The blond hummed, smooching Tony's lips once more. "Get some rest. That's what vacations are for, right?"
"Then take me with you. I want to see what it has that Bruce doesn't." He explained, smooching the bridge of Tony's nose. "And maybe you could explain what certain things are for me."
"Hey, settle down, you," Tony turned around in his chair, "Or I'll make you sit out here with me while Papa goes in and sees Sammy."
"Yeah, as we got older, she just told Buck to call her by her first name. They knew each other long enough at that point." Steve explained, resting back against the couch with a soft hum.
"C'mon, Petey, it's alright," Tony soothed, brushing the stray tears away, "You knew this would happen, baby, there's no need for big tears."
"There's been a mysterious murder!" The shorter one piped up, "M'brother's been bludgeoned to death in the alley!"
"Depends if y'good," Tony whispered under his breath, whipping around in time to catch the little blur that flew up at him.
, not the belt." He said with false worry, leaning at the slight touch, "I guess I shouldn't tell you about the notes we send each other in class..."
awkward if my husband was a puddle." Steve smirked with a chuckle, pulling back to keep wrapping. "Man, he is spoiled." He joked softly, moving the present with the others that were wrapped.
"Union and Confederacy, respectively." Tony's eyes went wide at the lingerie tight against Steve's chest. He whined high in his throat, feeling his cock twitch in his briefs.
"You've always been a bad liar," Tony sighed, sitting properly to end his experiment, "But if you must know, yes, I am open to talking about the case."
"Yeah! 'M hungry." Peter said enthusiastically, getting up and running towards the kitchen. He came up and hugged around Tony's legs happily.
Tony stumbled upon a gated part of the beach he honestly never saw before, a sign posted on the gate in red letters:
"Any matter," he continued, changing the subject, "it shouldn't be hard to talk the coroner into letting us observe. Simply need to explain that I am the man's physician and need to observe the body."
Tony nodded, taking Steve's hand and following him up to the painting room, staring lovingly at their nearly finished mural. "What do you want me to do?"
"Oh shush, pipsqueak, you have no say," Tony laughed, smooching Steve, "I think I'm gonna try and do this for a while. Get comfortable in my own skin again."
Tony smacked him again, pinching his cheek. "Don't swear at me," he scolded lightly, slowly moving his hips, "I won't tolerate it." He took a breath, trying not to moan from how fucking
Tony scooted back with Steve, watching Peter set Sammy on the floor. Peter backed away, holding his arms out to the baby. Giggling happily, Sammy flopped forward on his hands and crawled toward Peter. Tony gasped softly, but didn't say anything, watching quietly.
Steve managed to help Tony ride it out before he came himself, hips stuttering and him biting his own lip to stay quiet as he rode out his high.  He breathed heavy, head knelt down and leaning against Tony's as he caught his breath.
"Y-yessir..." Steve stuttered, moving back towards Tony's fingers again. "Here you say I shouldn't be having sex at my age, yet the way you talk about me makes me wonder.”
"Y'back, munchkin?" Steve grinned as Peter ran over, making his way directly towards the pizza box as Clint set the food down.
He quickly stretched Steve up to three fingers, teasing his sweet spot before taking them out and lining himself up, slowly pushing into Steve. Steve groaned as Tony pressed in, hands moving to grasp at Tony's back as he adjusted. He nodded to give the other the okay to move.
Tony snorted at his excitement, grabbing the discarded bottle of lube before dragging Steve downstairs.
"I try," Tony drawled, propping a knee up on the bed. He crawled over Steve, leaning down to nibble at his neck and collar. "Want you t'fuck me good, Steve," he murmured lowly, slipping a hand into Steve's boxers, "Want t'ride you."
Peter didn't get it, didn't understand. And he couldn't tell the boy without Tony getting more upset about it. Steve pulled a pillow over his face, giving an exasperated groan into the fabric.
"You're cleaning that up, Steve, you gave him the cookie," he tutted, shaking his head, "And you, little man, better eat your dinner."
wail on me. This is a punishment, not-- not what we usually do." Tony licked his lips, eyes drawn to the floor. "My safewords are colors. If I say 'green', I'm good, 'yellow', slow down, and 'red' to stop completely. Okay? Steve--I really want this."
"Wow, I haven't seen Tony blush like that in forever. Good job." Natasha snickered, continuing upstairs.
In Steve's opinion, A human is a human no matter what they are made of (or how heavy). He struggles to pull the body up to the surface, but manages to drag it up to the nearest beach. Steve sets the body in the sand, on its back and as gently as he possibly could. He examined the human, its body was red and gold (which Steve found strange for what he had heard about humans) and there was a blue light shining bright from its chest. That is what mystified Steve the most. He had never saw anything like it before.
Tony's ears perked up at the question, turning towards Steve quickly in surprise. He wanted to say yes, just pretend it for a little while to get the fantasy of them being a couple out of his system. But he knew that was wrong. They were just friends. It wouldn't happen, no matter how much he wanted it to.
"Of course they're both smart," Tony scoffed, playing with Sammy's hands, "Pete's my science baby and Sam's gonna be the little artist in the house. Or whatever he wants to be. He's certainly got your traits though, Stevie."
Bucky tossed his cellphone back onto the nightstand, gently turning over in bed as not to disturb Clint in-between him and Nat.
Steve walked in not too long after, coming up and kissing Peter's cheek good morning then walking up beside Tony.
"And I love you also, Petey." Steve grinned, hearing a squawk from the baby. "And Sammy loves you too. Loves his big brother a lot." He chuckled.
Steve looked back at his husband, a bit of concern poking at his mind, but he brushed it off for now. "All right. Be back soon, okay?"
"And kid, next time you wanna draw me Lucky, why don't we actually go to the pound and look at the dogs?" Clint murmured softly, tucking a stray hair behind Peter's ear.
About a week had gone by since Steve had been staying on land with Tony, and the blond had to say that he was enjoying every moment of it.
"We can unpack that suitcase first," Tony laughed, smooching Steve's cheek, "What do you want to do first, babe?" He rolled his eyes fondly, shoving his and Steve's clothing suitcases in the closet before going over to the sleek case, carefully unzipping it to prop it open. "No looking," Tony teased, eyes roaming over his treasures.
"Mmm," Tony hummed, opening one eye before sitting up, drawing the bear into his arms before standing up.
"I'd be fine with a nap. As long as we still get our Date Night." Steve purred, curling into Tony and leaving a smooch against the other's collarbone.
"That sounds wonderful." Steve hummed, giving Tony a kiss. "I'll get Sammy settled while you're getting Peter a bath, okay? Kid probably could use a nap."
Peter bounced in excitement all the way home, attempting to get his day clothes off before they were in the door.
"Horrible. You're horrible," Tony grumbled, pouting when he took his ticket, "You're gonna pay for that later."
"Well, yeah. It came up with the soulmate discussion. It was sort of my proof." Steve explained softly, kissing the tip of Tony's nose. "C'mon, time to eat and hang out a little before Peter has to go to bed."
Tony ruffled Peter's hair and helped him down the stairs, giving him his suitcase while they waited for Steve to come down the stairs. Steve came traipsing down the stairs not long after in a t-shirt and a pair of sweats, stopping in front of the brunets. He didn't bother with jeans considering the clothes were no doubt coming off by the time he got home.
"After this, now you won't have to wonder about it and be distracted in class." He growled lowly, lining himself up and pressing in smoothly.
"Well, it'll be awhile before he or she could walk, but that's the right attitude," Sharon laughed, taking the folder back and putting it into a yellow shipping envelope, "If you need anything, my number's in the folder I gave you."
"Speedy Gonzales," Tony chuckled, rubbing Steve's back as they trooped into the house, "Peter? Kids? We're home!"
"Well, I hope that helps with whatever is bothering you. My door is always open... If you ever wanna talk....".
With that, Steve left. And Tony sat alone, thinking and telling himself its just a nightmare.  Saying that like all nightmares, they eventually go away.
Snow flew around as Tony's armor was shed from him, much to his displeasure. The crash itself was no picnic, but Tennessee in late December wasn't any better. Especially when you are used to Malibu weather.
"He always does the good stuff when I'm not around," Tony grumbled, eyeing Peter before grinning, bringing out his other hand from behind him to show the boy his treat.
He grinned, tugging Steve out of Sammy's nursery and back to their own room, fingers slipping up into his shirt.
"I can't wait. Sounds like a good time--" he chuckled, moving to stand up. "Let’s get things started then with the wall, here."
want, baby?" Steve purred, nipping his lip back as he moved back in. "Whatever you want. A little extra Christmas gift for you."
Tony nodded and finished off his waffle before reaching over to wipe a stray drop of syrup off Pete's cheek.
"Pete got sick. Throwing up, fever," Tony sighed, "I'll go get him, wouldja put his bed down and clean up so when he gets home, he can go straight to bed?"
Tony swallowed him down again, humming deeply until Steve came down his throat. Steve let out a broken off moan, hand in Tony's hair and tightening gently at the locks as he came. He took deep breaths to relax, letting the water run on him.
"It'll go okay. They'll be able to help out, I'm sure." Steve assured. "And I be with you all of the way, love."
"Yessir." Steve replied with a nod, standing up and moving to bend over the desk. He rested his head in his hands on the desk, looking up at the man.
"Well, you can be bambi's mom, but I wouldn't recommend it," Tony joked, jostling Peter in his lap in the towel, "Go have fun, we'll be down in a few."
Steve moaned at the first bit as Tony pressed in, rolling his hips as he adjusted. When he was more comfortable, he slowly sank down onto Tony, a string of quiet moans leaving him with each inch downward until he had Tony fully in.
Steve nodded. "Yeah. I'll take you to your room for a nap. Then I'll talk to Daddy about his sailor mouth." He explained, scooping the boy up and heading upstairs.
He carefully handed over Sammy to Tony and dashed to the kitchen, making up Tony and Peter's bowls so they can eat first while he held onto the baby.
"Miss you too, baby." Steve mewled as Tony slipped in fingers. "Miss being with you like we used to..." He croaked softly, voice cracking a bit as he spoke.
"Love you too, Tony." Steve hummed happily, hugging Tony close to him sweetly. He pet at his husband's hair gently. "Sleep, baby. Get your rest."
He felt the shiver go down his back, but Tony ignored it in favor of checking messages on his phone. Tony sighed once the waiter took their order and menus and left, cursing the blush on his face.
"Mmhm," Tony raised an eyebrow at him, flicking flour at Peter with a smirk, "You might stay small with a comment like that, squeaker."
"Well, I'm a futurist, so my reasons will sound dumb," Tony chuckled, moving onto the next paper, "But I am excited."
"The cabin's only an hour and a half out," he laughed, "So we're not too far away. I had some people go ahead and stock it for us, so we don't need to go grocery shopping or put sheets on the bed."
"So you did make it here last night, Bruce! Okay, I hope." Steve called from the kitchen, to which Bruce nodded.
you, I's a big boy," Peter replied proudly, kicking his feet against the chair, "I can ea' jus' lihe you, Papa!"
"If you're sure." Steve hummed, taking out the tissue paper and looking inside. "Aw, new paint and brushes," he said happily digging to the bottom.
"No matter what, you will always be perfect to us. And that’s all that should matter. Because we love you and you'll always be our first baby boy."
"Just take your time. That's all I ask." Steve hummed, wriggling slightly under Tony. "I want to thoroughly enjoy it, which I know you would do."
"Yeah! Yeah!" Peter wiggled excitedly. "I lub when Santa comes 'n leaves presents! And I've been pretty good this year." He said matter-of-factly.
"Those are some neat names, Peter. Where'd you come up with them?" Steve asked gently with a grin, looking up at Tony for the moment. "Peter picked me out a manta ray." He explained further.
Steve dropped it for now, stealing a blueberry from the package and popping it into his mouth. He gave one to Peter to have before putting them back in the refrigerator.
"Don't worry baby, you won't get woken up. Papa and I arranged the nursery so you won't hear much," Tony explained, shifting the two children in his lap, "Unless you want to get up to help feed and change him, but you'll have to take a nap the next day."
Tony smiled at the flickering candles and incense, carefully stepping around the small trail of rose petals.
Steve kept quiet, still proud of their boy as he let him work. He was going to be capable of so many great things as he grew up.
"You are so over the moon with him, Tony. You love 'em, I know you do." He smiled sweetly. "He's got you hooked.”
Tony rolled his eyes and plucked the hangers from the closet, trooping over to Peter's new room to hand them over to Steve.
"Yes, yes, I need to trim, I know, it's pretty bad," Tony admitted, gently putting Sammy on the diaper station to change him, "You wanna watch? You'll have to shave someday, kiddo."
"I think I want to die," he admitted hoarsely, tears prickling his eyes, "I can't-- fuck, Steve, it feels like I'm failing you and Peter and Pepper and everyone every single fucking
Tony explained what he could here and there about how they make the drawings 'move', helping the blond focus during important story parts. Eventually, Steve settled down enough to focus on what was actually happening, curling up and laying against Tony's side at one point as they watched. Tony just hoped the other couldn't feel his heartbeat speed up a bit when he had curled up to him.
"Sir, yes sir." Steve breathed, slipping away from under Tony and shuffling a bit as he headed upstairs to do each instruction.
The man yelled, nothing in particular but the noise was loud. It was probably out of shock of what happened. The armor seemed to peel off of the man's body as he jolted upward. His face was set in a look of confusion and anxiety as he quickly looked around in all directions for... Actually, Steve didn't think the man was even sure what he was looking for. He was breathing frantically and clutching his chest. After a minute the man's chest rose and fell normally, his breathing now steady. He let his hand fall the sand as he tried to relax.
think you'd get out of a punishment?" Tony laughed, "You're a smart kid, Pete, but I'm afraid that I'm just a tad smarter than you."
"Only two, I don't want you up all night on a sugar high," Tony hummed, petting Peter's curls, "Then y'gonna have a bath, okay?"
"Sort of? I'm surprised he didn't throw himself in front of a semi after that," Clint muttered, "Tony's the type you talk down and be gentle with. There's no point in yelling at a man whose IQ is nearly 200."
"But I'm old 'nough!" Tony kept protesting, a tiny scowl on his face, "I was ready, and Steve was ready, and we were real careful!"
He looked to Tony before starting to explain. "We were going to wait until after Christmas to ask you about it. About if you would want to have a baby brother or sister."
"Santa wouldn't have come otherwise," Tony sing-songed, standing to go over and greet the guests, "Stevie's making some semblance of breakfast, then we can do other gifts afterward."
Once Tony pulled his lips away, he stroked his fingers over the spot of his handiwork, grinning at the soft moan that left Steve's lips as he did.
He leaned over to smooch Sammy's cheek, waving to them--and Peter's horrified expression--as he skipped out to the car.
With that, he toddled back upstairs to his parents' room, crawling back up on the bed to snuggle his way under Tony's arm.
"I love spoiling you," Tony murmured, closing his eyes while curling into Steve's warmth, "It's kinda spoiling me by spoiling you, but, y'know." Tony smirked, laughing into his chest.
"But--But Auntie Tasha said that fevers make things really contagious." He hummed, looking like he was about to get upset.
Steve rubbed comfortingly at Tony's shoulders before he had gotten up to get the door, getting up as well to head into the kitchen. At the door was Clint and Natasha, coming in and moving straight to Tony for a hug.
Steve slowed gradually at the decision, pulling his fingers out slowly. He gave Tony a nod, spat in his own hand, and slicked himself up quickly before lining up and pushing into Tony slowly with a soft groan.
He sped off towards the art building, easily parallel parking in front of the looming doors. They got out quickly, Steve trying not to just run inside of the building as they entered.
"Just rack up my charges, officer," he groaned, letting go of Steve to shuck off his own pants and boxers, "Please,
"Hmmmm yourself," Tony chuckled, reaching up to pet Steve's hair, "We slept a long time, baby. You'd be upset if I let you sleep longer."
"I suppose it would be, huh?" Steve chuckled with pink-tinted cheeks, hands tugging at Tony's waistband. "I honestly just like letting you know. I like telling you I love you. How wonderful and amazing you are. Always want you to know." He whispered, kissing up Tony's neck as he tugged down on his pants.
"S'hot..." Steve grumbled half asleep, a shiver leaving his body regardless. He leaned into Tony's hand, cool skin on his forehead.
"We can work together. Find a way for you to explore up here, somehow." The human said with a soft smile. "I want to be able to show you these things, so I will try and find a way. Try and make something for you to come up here with me, unless you happen to find some other weird, mermaid way of doing things."
The blond's breath stuttered at the thought, eyes fluttering shut before he pulled away. He snatched up the bottle of lube that was on the bed, worked to slick up his fingers. Once done, Steve reached around and prodded a finger gently at his entrance before slipping it in with a soft groan.
"I'll say. But we can take a day to relax though now that we know that shrimp is not good and we don't have to worry about allergies." Steve answered softly, kissing the top of Peter's head as he cleared the table.
"Very nice, thank you." Steve hummed, settling in the position with a content hum. He wrapped one hand under his pillow and rested his other on top of Tony's that were around his waist. He let his eyes drift close as he relaxed, finding comfort at the other being with him. "Goodnight, Tony."
"It helps with his teething though," He did point out, "Since that one back tooth still isn't all the way in yet."
"I know. I've gained ten years of life from how much you've fucked me over," Tony groaned, "I'm gonna live forever at this point."  He grinned, laying down on the bed before tugging Steve over him.
"G'night, Tony..." Steve whispered softly, shutting his eyes and settling around Tony and drifting off into sleep.
"What sort of fun are you wanting to have, love?" He asked softly when he entered back in the bedroom with a hum, tapping his fingers on the desk.
"Can't pop these questions, Steve. I need time," Tony whined, putting his hands back on his face, "Oh my god, I'm gonna die. My face is burning."
"Absolutely. Just telling Peter how you've got to put on clothes." Steve hummed, kissing Tony back happily.
"S'not true." Steve murmured, leaning with the kisses and stroking at Tony's sides. "I just like when you fuck me in general. Feels great."
"You know very well I did not do this, young man." Steve said seriously, reaching out and swiping the streak of paint off Peter's cheek. "Why would you go and do this?"
He nodded softly and took a few slow breaths to relax as Tony's finger was slipped in, slow and smooth. Steve made a soft noise as Tony started to slowly wiggle the digit. Tony slowly worked Steve open, slipping in a second finger once he was sure he was loose enough. Leaning up, Tony kissed at Steve's navel, still scissoring him open.
"Apparently from what I am told you have been spending a lot of time with this boy, more often than not." Howard's tone started to sound agitated. "People are starting to say things about the two of you. Things that I am not exactly fond of hearing.".
One night when Tony had the nightmare, it continued after its usual ending. This time when Steve yanks the ARC reactor out, Tony falls to the ground in the cold snow like a sack of potatoes. He cannot move, only feel himself go into cardiac arrest and look up into the frigid air. The last thing he sees is Steve looming above him, ARC reactor in hand. Steve crushes the device as if it was made of paper and drops it next to Tony in the snow, then turns and walks away with a wicked grin plastered to his face.
"Peter, it’s just a figure of speech, bubba." Steve explained, petting the boy's hair. "He knows he isn't old.
"It’s jus' right, Daddy." Peter hummed, relaxing in the water as the tub filled, “I know 'm not in trouble, but 'm tired of not doin' things right..."
"You mean now? We're gonna go teach you how to draw and get you some art stuff of your own," Tony chuckled, taking the towel to dry Peter's hair, "Then we're gonna watch a movie with Papa."
"I think I'm getting sick again, or I haven't had enough coffee yet," Tony laughed, leaning into Steve's touch, "I'm guessing the coffee."
"It was a fun movie. And you could totally pull off that outfit." Steve giggled again, tugging Tony down for a deep kiss, slow and sweet.
"Oh. Sowwy, f'got," Peter mumbled, spitting his toothpaste out before wiping his mouth, shaking his fluffy hair out.
'Do what--?' Steve had asked, the words through the voice box cut off when he felt Tony's lips on his in a soft, chaste kiss. His eyes started to flutter half lidded before Tony pulled away, the blond looking to the brunet with surprise in his expression.
"I think you're just saying that, Stevie boy," Tony hummed, still not pressing his finger in, "I think you like to misbehave, don't you?"
Steve sighed, burying his face into the crook of Tony's neck. "That’s because I grew up with just my mom and I looked up to her." He explained. "So I am the motherly dad. Peter will come to you for the fun and 'Don't tell Papa's, and he'll come to me for booboos and emotional support.".
It didn't take long for Peter to wake up, blinking sleepily at his penguin. He yawned and sat up, attempting to get out of his day clothes and change into his teddy bear onesie. He managed to zip it up, looking at his bootie-d feet with a smile before grabbing his penguin, dashing over to his Daddy's room. Yawning, Peter clambered up onto the bed, settling down beside Tony to go back to sleep.
"S-s--ah, Sir--" Tony moaned loudly, muscles rippling under his skin as he pulled his bonds tight, "Please, please y'torturin' me here--"
"Hmm...we can go later, if you're up for it, then." Steve stated with a nod, laying them back further on the couch.
Tony smiled at the box, pulling on his black knee-highs and black garters, clipping them onto the frilly red panties he's bought with Steve. He hummed comfortably, pulling a red, lacy corset over his chest, admiring himself in the mirror.
The boy continued to sniffle as they made it to the rooms, Steve sighing as he went off to grab Peter's teddy onesie from the boy's room.
Steve noised gently at the touches in the front and a little more at the swats in the back end. He was so unsure about this all beforehand, but Tony was actually rather gentle about it all, considering.
The soldier took the book with a thank you, opening the front cover and going through it page by page. Most of the drawings all seemed to be sketches of places, buildings and objects that he didn't recall. Things changed up once he got near the middle of the sketchbook. He looked at the drawings on the page, then to the man sitting next to him.
"This is why you're the smart one." Steve grinned. He gave Tony a smooch back before heading back towards the living room.
"I would prefer that. Yeah." Steve hummed. "I just felt better about you knowing if I'd look than if I just went and did that." He said, squeezing his hand back. "As long as you're comfortable with it, love."
"Hey now, little boy. That isn't very nice." Steve sighed, picking the bottle up and carrying it to the sink. "No throwing bottles."
"Honestly, I-- God, Ma would smack me if she heard me speak ill of the dead, but I'm glad I didn't get to meet Howard. Not when he did that to you, I'm sorry." He said with gritted teeth. "Wish I could've known you back then. Wish I could've stepped in and taken you away from him. Scrawny or not, I would've fuckin' fought him for that Tony."
science experiments. And don't try to pull another fast one on me, I made sure I took the answers out of the back of the book."
"Yes, you can get both. You know, you are getting too good at that face. I taught you well." Steve smiled, taking the bandaids and the boy's hand.
"They're being children," Tony laughed quietly, setting about stuffing Pete's stocking, "Nat's gonna set 'em straight. She looked absolutely pissed."
"Wish I woulda known about it though." Steve said softly, hugging Tony close to him. "What else has happened to you in the past that I should know about?"
Steve kissed at Tony's face gently. "You will be good. You just have to have faith in yourself about it, Tony."
"Our beautiful boys." He said proudly, getting misty-eyed himself. "God, Tony. I'm a sap. A horrible sap." He said with a wet chuckle.
He grinned, pressing another kiss to Steve's lips before dragging the blankets up around them, happy to sink into his warmth.
"M'so tired," Tony mumbled, a small smile on his face as Steve tucked the blanket around him, "I love you, y'take such good care of me, even though I'm a handful."
"What're ya gonna do when I'm done, Daddy?" He asked, smoothing out his shirt and looking up at Tony.
"Not exactly. I mean yes, you're my friend, but I did it because... I care for you a lot more than that. For almost a year now. Well, a bit before because I had this thing for Captain America in my college years, but that's a whole other story that I probably should've not told you because its kind of-- okay, very embarrassing, and--".
"Ya silly, Daddy." Peter answered as he let Tony scrub him up. "Silly silly silly silly silly." He sputtered as water fell on his face again.
"Sorry Peter, but what Uncle Bruce gives the big people is only for big people's eyes, baby." Steve explained. "But whatever he gets you will be just for you, I promise."
"Dunno whatcha talkin' about," Peter grinned, an idea already swirling in his head, "I'm a good boy, Daddy said so."
to tipsy, Nat," Tony laughed, pulling Steve down for another quick kiss, "Besides, if you don't like it, go to the guesthouse."
•Um, I kind of gathered that you are avoiding me, but I just wanted to let you know the art show is on the 30th from 7:00 to 9:00 at the Fine Arts building if you wanted to come. To see the project. Since you were the subject...
Steve noised at the attention, wriggling slightly under his husband. He felt the tip of Tony's tongue flick over the nub, feeling the light suction. Steve snaked his arms up, slipping his hands under the waistband in the back of Tony's pants, stroking softly.
"We both are, and we need to get clean because I hear my damn phone buzzing," Tony groused, stealing a dirty kiss before getting up on wobbly legs, checking his messages.
"Thank you..." Steve hummed laxly, body doing the same. "Can I have the cuffs off, please...?" He asked breathlessly, eyes half lidded.
"I can't do this, Steve," Tony finally whispered, voice hoarse as he calmed down, only to start crying again.
speak. His body was thrumming, muscles twitching now and then as he tried to relax. He eyes started to shut as he felt Tony messing with his hair, slowly leaning over and leaving a feather-light kiss against Tony's shoulder.
Steve gave a shiver of want at the sight, trailing his hand down Tony's back before slipping his fingers in again.
"That tickles," Tony laughed quietly, teasingly pushing Steve away, "You're such a protective thing, y'know? Maybe it's the bond."
"Ah dude, no way!" Clint said excitedly. "Ya got me a bow! I've been wanting to learn how to shoot one of these forever." He grinned.
"Hey now, little boy. No need for outbursts." Steve teased, scooping up the baby and the bottle and headed to the living room. "Peter, you gonna come play?"
"I love you too, baby. For better or worse." Steve hummed sweetly, bringing Tony in for a deep kiss. He moved his hands down along Tony's sides gently, caressing him.
"That sounds awful," he muttered, "And no wonder you're cold so much. I should get you a heated blanket."
He grinned, slipping a fifty onto the tab before handing it back with a 'keep the change, sweetheart'. Steve watch Sophia go off with a gleeful grin, glancing back over to Tony.
"So I gotta ask; Why fish? Wouldn't this be like... cannibalism for you?" the brunet asked in general curiosity.
The genius tilted his head back as Steve thrusted into him, wrapping his arms around the blond's neck.
Tony quietly squeezed Steve's hand, scraping his fork around the last bits of food on his plate. He glanced at Steve's wine glass, feeling a little twinge in his chest.
"At least you were trying to do something nice, baby. But you know you can't be drawing on walls without permission, right?" He asked the boy softly.
"You guys already missed duh beginnin'!" He announced, getting in between the two men as they sat down on the couch.
"Can I get bofe?" Peter turned his puppy eyes up to Steve, sticking out his little pink lip, "Pwease, Papa?"
"Yeah, sorry, that's what I meant," Tony chuckled softly, lifting up Peter's hand to kiss it, "You're okay baby, there's no need to get upset, you're
Tony stuffed his phone back in his pocket, biting his lip nervously. "Just... don't call me a good boy in public," he muttered quietly, clenching his teeth at the shiver that ran down his back, "Unless you're into public fraternization."
"I love you too, sweetheart." Steve hummed, handing him a glass of orange juice. He kissed Tony sweetly, reaching up and stroking his face gently before going to start dinner up again to finish.
Tony snuck back into his room of the house, packing up a case full of tools, schematic paper, and different odds and ends to take with him and work with. He also put in a couple changes of clothes, just in case they managed to let him stay. It'd would be better with Blondie than here with--
Steve began to leave small, tender kisses along his husband's face and trailing slowly down his body, cherishing the skin with each press of lips.
"Things has been said, but there was no attempt of anything." Pepper interjected. "From what I was told from Tony, at least. I'm sure Steve would have said if there were more than just words exchanged."
"Feel good?" Steve asked with a smile at the noise, working well on Tony's shoulders and upper back until he could get knots out. "Ooh, you have a lot of tension, babe. When's the last time you've had someone work out your back?"
"I dunno. You've become very responsible here lately." Steve hummed, hugging Tony warmly. "You're grown up." He teased lightly, stealing a kiss.
"She's in op right now," The nurse explained, more to Tony and Steve, "One of her fallopians collapsed early this morning, and CAT scans after that surgery revealed the growth in her left lobe to be moving down towards her brain stem--"
"I don't want to think about you with anyone else..." Steve whispered quietly, still not quite looking at Tony.
"100 degrees F." He hummed, feeling Tony's face. "I'm calling Bucky over and taking you to the hospital. We can't have you sick or the baby
Steve pulled back with a bashful grin, giving the boy a shrug. "Well I had to give Daddy a hello kiss. Nothing wrong with that."
"Aye aye, Sir." Steve said playfully, kissing Tony quickly before heading out of the car to retrieve their spoils.
Steve gave a hard swish of his tail to propel himself forward quickly, stopping beside the human to loop an arm around him and propelling upwards in order to surface. He worked quickly to get the lighter form of the human to the shore, plopping him on the sand once he managed to make it.
"Sorry, I've always wanted to try these stupid things," he chuckled, "Hurts less than a belt, more than a paddle."
"I promise I am not a siren. Those give us folk a bad rap, leading humans to their doom for fun." Steve assured, a bashful smirk on his lips as he tried to catch his breath. "Just-- please keep touching me like this? Feels good. Feels like when you had touched my scales to see if they were real."
Steve made up two bowls of Cheerios, sprinkling sugar lightly onto Peter's and setting the bowls at the table as he poured them some juice. He sat at the table with Peter, pushing the boy's bowl to him and pulling his own bowl to himself.
"I love it, I love it so much, you look so gorgeous," Tony breathed, reaching up to run his fingers over the lace, "God, just-- just
"It’s kind of like that. I've never been yet, so we can check it out together." Steve hummed turning on the road, "And I guess we can go to the store. Why you wanna go, bud?"
Tony waited to hear the door close before launching into his sexy-as-hell routine; he dried himself off, including his hair, before slipping on lacy panties he'd promised Steve he'd wear. Tony frowned at his closet before tugging on those black skinny jeans Bruce said make him look like a heathen, followed by a red muscle shirt and a tiny gold necklace. He hummed appreciatively at his dress before starting the agonizingly long process or drying and gelling his hair to make it look like sex-bed-hair rather than plain homelessness.
“A little over a week ago, I was bitten by what I assumed was just some stray dog during one of my runs. Turns out, it wasn’t just some stray. It wasn’t something the serum was about to fight back either.” He explained solemnly. “I didn’t want to believe it at first, but as of last night I sort of have to.”
Peter nodded, grabbing the smallest gift first. He tore into it, casting a sneaky glance at Steve as he pulled out a couple shirts. With a contained sigh, he pushed the clothes to the side, tearing through boxes of legos, chemistry kits, algebra books, more onesie pajamas and finally an antique camera, complete with seven rolls of film. With all his gifts done, Peter grabbed his slightly-poorly-wrapped gifts for his dads, handing them each their respective package.
"Okay? Okay, yeah. I can deal with like two hours. I think." Steve sighed gently, sitting back down on the floor. "You gonna be okay with that, Peter?"
"I said you and I would go. Since you had a day with just Daddy, I get to have a day out with you today." Steve explained, making sure their blanket remained covering them.
am going to be baby-obsessed, you are going to be the fussy mother-hen," Tony grinned, taking Steve's hand as they set off for home, "God, Steve, we get to start looking for baby things, and we get to paint-- I was thinking a really soft yellow, and we can do accents in light blues and purples, maybe do a mural on one wall--We have to learn how to change diapers, Jesus
He felt lips lightly touch his forehead. Tony's eyes went a little wide at the the suddenly different contact. Steve held him tighter, resting his forehead against Tony's as he whispered warmly.
"Thatt'a boy. Just like that. Wish you could see how pretty you are like this. Lax and content, tension from your features melting away. Its beautiful." He praised, earning soft mewls from underneath him. "That feel a bit better, hm?"
to get across through their bond. Tony squeezed Steve's hand, pecking his lips before pushing him lightly onto the bed. "Get it now?"
Before Tony could speak his stomach growled, causing him to laugh in embarrassment. "Yeah, food," he mumbled, sitting up and making grabby hands for the tray.
"I know, love, but it’s been a while. Need to stretch you first, okay?" Steve hummed, working Tony open. "I'll try to be quick."
Tony whimpered pitifully, almost tearing the sheets from how hard he gripped them; he rolled his hips back, gasping in pleasure as Steve hit his sweet spot over and over again.
"See you both in the morning..." Steve whispered sweetly to them both, hoping that they would all feel better in the morning. He kissed them both softly before shutting his eyes and letting himself fall asleep.
Peter nodded softly, wrapping arms around his little brother as the baby reached up to pat the other's cheeks consolingly.
"...You have until tomorrow night to pack up your room and get out of my house." The man said through gritted teeth. "I will only allow my son to live here, and disrespecting me like that? You are no son of mine."
"Mmm, never good when he laughs like that. He's planning something," Tony mused, a smile on his lips.
"Yeah, yeah, love y'big cock tearin' me up," Tony hissed, feeling himself slip into the pain, "Oh god, baby, need y'to move--"
"The squirt was too cute to resist, Steve. He was cuddling that ratty bear for all it was goddamn worth, and my heart-- mm. Tugged on the strings."
The man gave him a sneaky smirk, starting to inch towards the gate. "Well, uh... If I told you, I'd have to KILL you!" He cackled, quickly scaling the gate to the other side.
"Sleep'd be nice..." Steve murmured against his pillow, not willing to open his eyes yet. "I feel I could sleep for years. Or another hour." He yawned, stretching out around Tony and Peter.
"Alright, nope, no chick flick moments, up, it's been ten minutes," Tony ordered, grinning, "Let's go."
Steve was silent for the moment, looking carefully at his team as he thought of how best to explain the situation to them. He ran his tongue over his teeth in thought before finally speaking up.
Slipping his fingers out, Tony slicked up Steve's cock, sighing as he slowly sunk down. He let himself sit completely sheathed, rocking his hips with a whine.
more than I usually do," Tony replied in a clipped voice, easily scissoring Steve open again, "And you know you like it."
Steve hummed in thought for a moment as he tried for questions. "We'll start off simple; what did the thirteen stars stand for on the first America flag?"
He scratched at Steve again, leaning down to nibble at Steve's neck. Steve growled a bit from the scratching, hands tightening a bit on Tony's hips. He used that and pulled them down so his thrusts were deeper as he made them a bit harsher, moans leaving his lips against Tony's skin.
Steve nodded, getting out his wallet and ordering the decision of flavors in some cups. He paid the cashier for the treats and headed back home as the boy ate at his ice-cream.
"Ah--yeah, it has." Steve gasped, adjusting to the digit. "Too long for our own good, anyway." He murmured, rolling his hips to tell Tony to continue.
spoil him? I think not. He was good, so he got a toy penguin." Steve grinned, giving Tony a kiss back. "Besides, Peter, don't you have something for Daddy?"
"Mmm. Yeah. I'm gonna go check on him," Tony hummed, passing the baby over to Steve, "We can set up the play blanket downstairs, if you want. Or up in the art room."
"Okay, baby," Tony murmured, leaning down to kiss Steve's forehead. He continued to pet him, heart melting at how Steve thrived under his touch.
"Right here?" Steve made sure, running his fingers over the spot again before pulling his fingers away. He quickly worked on slicking up his cock, lining up with Tony's entrance before slowly pressing in with a hum.
"Is your life with us that bad that it can't even help make you happy enough to want to keep it?" Steve said at a whisper, trying to keep the hurt from his voice to stay strong in front of Peter.
"Tony..." Steve said in an insistent tone, keeping his finger pointed down. "You have to take your punishment, or you won't learn. Belt. Now, please."
"I'm sorry, Pete, but that's the way it is," he murmured, giving Steve a sad look, "We're gonna have to take your computer away for a little bit until we can help you get this under control, alright?"
Tony laughed, easily lifting himself up to wrap his legs around Steve's middle. He caught the blond's lips again, trailing his nails down Steve's chest. Steve hummed against the kiss, grabbing at Tony's legs to help hold him up as he continued to rut against him.
"I want you to have everything you've ever wanted, Steve," Tony murmured, reaching over to put his hand on Steve's knee, "I love you.”
"I'm sorry!" Steve tried not to laugh, "He's very charming and persuasive... I love him and he loves me back. And you don't let me see him after school."
The voice snapped Tony out of his thoughts. He whipped his head around to see a familiar face. Steve stood in the open area, looking at Tony with a small sad smile. Tony scrambled back up to his feet flustered, his mind running a mile a minute. He was so nervous, he felt like he was about to vomit. Thankfully, it was only word vomit.
Steve hummed in thought with a nod. "That could be true. I mean, we didn't get ours until we were in our mid-teens. The ones born past 2000 wouldn't even be at that age just yet." He explained.
Tony purposefully didn't acknowledge the first part of Steve's question, helping him heft the mattresses on the frame. Once the mattresses were all set up, Steve smirked over at Tony.
"God, I really hope this isn't a drug dream from all the morphine," Tony grinned, "You better still be here when I wake up, Stark-Rogers." He nuzzled at Steve's chest, putting himself as flush against Steve as he could manage.
After a little while, Steve started to get a little antsy, needing to move around a bit. His soreness was more or less tolerable now, so he decided to get up and do some things. He carefully unwrapped himself from Tony to let him sleep, heading off to start with a shower.
Bucky's eyebrows perked up for the moment at that, looking to Steve for some explanation. The blond subtly gestured towards Natasha, Bucky turning to see her glancing back with a smirk. Bucky looked back at Tony with a quick look of approval before heading over towards the redhead.
"Mhm. Jus' wantin' t'go to bed so we can get Sammy," Peter lied, scrubbing at his face to make the blotchiness of crying look more natural, "Didja finish dinnah?"
"Heavenly Lord, bless us this day and bless this food to our bodies. Be with us tonight as we spend time together as a family, and be with Tony as he works through this with us."
"I'm right over here, hun." Steve hummed sweetly, setting his sketchbook down and walking towards the bed with a slight hobble still. "Hey there, sleeping beauty."
Steve wrapped his arms around Tony with a happy hum. "It is a little nippy, isn't it?" He said playfully. "How about I help keep you warm?"
"We could always have more," he mumbled, "If you wanted. And it doesn't have to be a kid, either. We could get--"
A deep blush was present on the blond's cheek from his lover's words, feeling so damn grateful to have a man like Tony in his life.
"You don't have to stop right away, Tony. I just want you to know you don't have to do it anymore. I'll help you anyway I can, okay?" Steve said soothingly, rubbing comfortingly at Tony's leg. "And you won't disappoint me. I'm too proud of you all the time to be disappointed."
Tony was already hard at work at his table, noise-canceling headphones slipped over his ears so he could concentrate on the motherboard in front of him; a few curses escaped his lips when he accidentally burned his fingertips, but he didn't bother to go put them under cold water, opting to work himself out instead.
"It'll get better, just try not to jostle around," he mumbled, helping Steve take the pill before kissing his temple, "I assume I did my job, then?"
"Great. I'll come pick him up, give him something to soothe his belly before I get there?" Tony was already up off the bed, pulling on his shoes.
"Where are your cuffs at?" He asked in a breath. "You said you had smaller cuffs because you slip out of regular ones, right?"
"Hopeless romantic. Just can't help it. RomComs are definitely a weakness." He chuckled softly, lifting his hips to help Tony out. "And there is nothing wrong with being a little cheesy."
"I don't know if I can go back to sleep," Tony mumbled, "I think-- I'm gonna go work in the lab until I'm tired." He slipped out of Steve's arms, smooching his cheek before heading for the basement.
"Mmm, nope, too soon," Tony chided with a shake of his head, scooting away, "Unless, of course, you're needy
"It's beautiful, Tony. You're beautiful." Steve praised, looking up at Tony through his lashes and a warm smile on his face before working to take the other in his hand. "Let me know if I do something uncomfortable, okay?"
"Thought so," Tony chuckled, carrying the boy upstairs, "Do you need me to sit in the tub with you? Or will you be able to sit up for me?"
"Good plan. Everyone'll be in bed early after pigging out on your cooking," Tony joked, stealing another kiss.
"Oh god," Tony snorted, "Yeah, yeah. I usually keep it around in case I get curious again. It's in the closet." He nodded, taking Steve down aisles and aisles of dildos.
Steve smiled, lightly knocking on the headboard. "It’s because he is wore out from the sick." He whispered back, leaning carefully over the boy to kiss Tony softly. "Better sleep while we can." He smiled softly.
Steve smirked at that softly, playing nonchalant. "That all depends on how good you are the rest of the day--" he teased with a chuckle. "Of course, Tony. You get regular sex normally, so of course you'll get birthday sex. Especially since you are a full-fledged adult now."
The way the last one ended sort of made Tony smile, Steve signing it at the end like it was some official letter...
"He's pretty out, but as soon as he smells food, he'll wake up," Tony chuckled, moving off his chair with Peter in his arms, "Kid's tired. He must've been up all night."
He brought the blond in for a kiss, laughter bubbling in his throat. Steve squeaked, surprised at the kiss at first but happily kissing back. Peter made a face at the kiss happening above him, but let out some giggles soon after.
"So warm and tight around me...love it. Love the noises you make especially, during it all." He groaned, rocking his hips upwards again.
"Y'too loud, Daddy," Peter called softly from the bed, laid down next to Sam, "Sammy's makin' noises."
He moaned, whimpering softly into his pillow. Steve moved over slightly to reach into the bedside table for the lube, squirting out some and slicking up his fingers.
"Tony, I'm your husband. I should know about stuff that could be potential harm to you." Steve said softly, looking at Tony with sad eyes. "So I can help before 'stupid' stuff happens."
. No doubt your friends will help you. I'll sure as hell help you the best I can. I know it’s hard now, but..." He swallowed at the lump in his throat. "It gets better... It takes time, but it gets better."
Steve stopped Tony's ranting again, this time with a finger to Tony's lips. When did he get so close? Steve leaned forward and lightly brushed his lips against the brunette's own. Tony's eyes went wide, his face growing extremely hot. When Steve pulled away, there was a tiny trace of pink blushing across his cheeks.
"Hello? Oh. Mhm. Okay. Friday? What time…? One it is. And the address…? Okay. Thank you so much. And her name? Sharon?" Tony looked over at Steve, watching the blond's jaw drop. "Okay, thank you so much. Mhm. Bye."
Steve just smiled back warmly at the name calling. "What can I say? I'm a bit of a hopeless romantic." He chuckled, turning slightly once their food and drinks arrived. "Dig in." He grinned, setting a few slices and breadsticks on his plate.
"Tomorrow... Tomorrow we'll ask the gang. Well, they know, but to confirm," He murmured, "Maybe they'll let us leave a little early."
Steve smiled at that softly, patting Tony's hand back. "All right, Peter. But you behave and keep a good eye on your brother, okay? He is in your guarding hands."
"Yes, yes, yes, fuck, feels so good," Tony groaned, rocking back onto Steve, "Move, dammit, need you--"
Tony smirked and kicked his heels off, giving Steve's navel a kiss before tugging his boxers off, nipping and licking at his cock.
Tony didn't reply. He knew if he opened his mouth, he might curse Steve out, or break down and never stop crying. All he could do was shrug, silently cursing himself and racking up more marks for that night, once Steve was asleep. He finished making the bed, staring at it blankly before wringing his hands nervously, clearing his throat.
"Oh, Steve," he mumbled, cupping his husband's face, "Don't-- I know what you're thinking, and you don't need to think like that. Never like that."
"I don't mind if it scars," Tony replied quietly, effectively ending the conversation. He curled up more tightly on himself, picking at his nails.
"I can't wait for it." Steve grinned happily, petting Tony's hair as it lay. "Just you and me, no schedule. No distractions. It'll be so perfect." He whispered contently.
Steve pulled his head up, looking Tony in the eyes-- Oh God, those gorgeous eyes-- a soft look of hesitance on his face.
He felt Steve pull out, staying down on his elbows. When Steve pulled away, he sat back a bit, leaning on his arms and panting softly as his head still swam.
"Whaaaaat? How do you know? Papa might be a girl," Tony teased, ruffling Peter's hair dry, "You haven't seen him, have you?"
"I dunno if they would allow me too, Petey." Steve said softly. "We'll have to ask the nurse first, okay?"
"Am I? Does that mean you'll make me breakfast in bed?" Tony grinned up at Steve, leaning up slightly to grab a kiss. "Or wake me up with morning sex. That works too."
"You're terrible. Leave the coffee on the first shelf," Tony grumbled, "And remind me to buy a stepstool."
"No one should have to go through that, especially not a kid." He said seriously, wetness prickling at his eyes in frustration, but not allowing them to fall.
"He is." Steve chuckled, earning a squawk from Sammy. "So is Little Bit. They are both just being the cutest little things." He smiled, smooching Tony's cheek.
"I told you that you were gonna be the mother hen," Tony hummed with a raised eyebrow, "And that's okay, but once they get older..."
"Here, Pete, lemme give him back to Ms. Sharon, he's probably hungry," Tony murmured, letting Steve pick the baby up so Peter could get down.
"D'pends. He looks loud, an' if he wakes me up, we's not gonna have a good time," Peter replied matter-of-factly, nodding.
"Yeah, I'd appreciate if you didn't. Parking lots are dirty. And not in the good way." He chuckled, driving out of the lot and heading for the theater.
"Hmm... I guess so." He hummed, kissing Tony's lips gently before he leaned up and off the bed. "Just be careful on the way there, okay?"
"Sir yes sir," Tony moaned, gently pushing himself back into Steve's crotch. He whined pitifully, bucking into the desk's friction.
"There have been rumors floating around, that have floated to me." Howard stated. "Rumors about you and another male student. I simply asked you here to confirm or deny any claims that have been passed around.".
Steve hummed at the kisses softly, just snuggling up to Tony. "I wouldn't want you getting too hot though." He explained, but the thought was nice.  "You're so good to me... Thank you. Usually I would keep someone from helping me with this stuff, but thank you."
"I dunno what you're talking about..." Steve said with a soft smirk. "I get a bit sass-mouthed sometimes, but I'm a very good boy."
"Unlike others," Peter hummed under his breath, giving Steve a pointed glance before settling back in the hammock, wrapping his arms around Sammy.
of things lately, including finally introducing him to Bruce. Bruce, who, evidentially, owned the sex shop down on 31
"I'm sorry, sir. I missed it for a legitimate reason, though. I promise. Someone was in trouble. I couldn't stand by and do nothing." He explained.
"Anyway. Peter gave us his blessing and whatnot, so Steve and I have been looking for surrogates. We think we found the one, but she hasn't gotten back to us yet."
"I know, bubba. Papa had this happen before." Steve hummed softly. "I'm really allergic to a chemical in Tide detergent. Gramma bought it once for us and I went into anaphylactic shock trying to put on a shirt."
"I'm not a subtle person," Tony snickered, "C'mon, you. We're in your bed, so we gotta go nice and slow anyway, right?"
"Yep, stay in there for a sec," Tony called, quietly smirking as he slipped on a belt, tucking his shirt in.
He had spoke with Sam first, presenting the man with the shield in all seriousness. Steve knew Sam was the one to pass the Captain America mantle to. Both he and Bucky had discussed as much when they had spoke about if there should be a successor, and they had both agreed he was the right choice. That Sam would do them proud and uphold what the shield represented. They spoke for a bit and said their peace before it was Bucky's turn.
"I'll stop when you tell me," Steve said, amping up the look with a small pout. "Either that, or I'll just lay on top of you until you do."
The knock startled him awake, but Tony got his bearings, yawning and pulling on boxers before trudging to the door, throwing it open.
Steve ran a hand along Tony's back comfortingly, kissing the top of his head softly with a hum. "You okay there? Or do you just like to put your face there?" He chuckled.
"Thank you," Tony handed her the chart back, standing and putting Sammy in his carrier before picking it up, "Ready, Petey?"
"Its in the pantry, Boo-Boo." The blond joked in a Yogi Bear voice, cutting up the apples into slices. "You think you can get it okay, bubba?".
"Good boy, Steve," Tony kissed the head of Steve’s cock, gently wrapping his hand around him to start stroking him slowly, "You're such a good boy for me."
The sobbing stopped, followed by a sniffle and the gentle creak of the door. The boy came into the room in his favorite teddy bear onesie, clutching a dolly to his chest.
." Steve squeaked a bit. "Let’s not talk about love expressions with Peter present. Please. Specifically with the volume of my voice."
"I'm taking a guess that those are your assassin friends?" He asked curiously. "They are nice, for assassins."
He swiped his keys off the kitchen counter and trooped out to the garage, buckling Peter into his booster seat before helping Steve situate Sammy.
"It wus fun! We got ta see da pengwins an' da sharks and da fishes!" Peter enthused, snuggling his penguin and his Daddy's chest.
He let Steve show him how to clean the paint off, but his efforts were only half-hearted, more smearing the paint around than cleaning it off. With a tiny smirk, Pete drew more with the soapy paint, spreading it back over the wall. Steve wasn't amused and simply cleaned the mess back up the right way. After he got tired of dealing with it, he took his gloves off and handed them to Peter.
"Will you stop being angry for now if I do?" Steve asked, slipping out his fingers, but doing nothing until he had an answer.
He kissed the head of his cock before taking him in his mouth, scraping his teeth down Steve's length. Steve mewled gently, hand shooting down to rake through Tony's hair.
"Darn right we will fix this. I do not tolerate bullying of any kind." Steve said adamantly. "And the teacher will know there has been things going on, buddy." He assured, stroking Peter's cheeks softly.
Tony winked at Steve before wrapping Clint up in a hug, not surprised that Peter had already climbed up into Natasha's arms.
Steve's frame was skinny and looked like he could break if you touched him. The most miraculous thing though was that he had legs, and was very naked, save for the bag barely clinging to his shoulders.
Steve looked up to Tony with a thankful smile, leaning in to place a small kiss on the human's lips as Tony had their first meeting.
"It was an accident, Peter." Steve replied. "I am not mad at you or upset. You're okay. Don't cry bubba."
Steve looked to Tony carefully for a moment. "Have you ever been on an actual date, Tony?" He asked curiously.
Tony pouted, giving Steve doe eyes. "Meanie," he whined, sticking out his lower lip, "Very mean." With his pout, Tony put his breakfast dishes on the nightstand, biting his tongue as to not smile and give himself away.
"Yeah, we'll get you a booster and you can sit with us. Because you aren't quite big enough to sit by yourself at the table. It'd be up past your nose." He chuckled softly, setting the boy's food on the table before heading off to find the seat.
"But?" Steve echoed "But I find human stuff... interesting. So different than what I am used to. It floats down sometimes and I collect it and just... I find joy and peace in it, y'know?"
Omigosh, I am sorry this chapter took FOREVER to get out. College has kept me busy with the semester ending soon. Plus November is birthday month between my friends and I so that kept me busy as well.
"Of course." Steve grinned softly. "Made quite a mess, didn't ya?" He chuckled, brushing Tony's hair back. "Glad you're not sore, though."
"I felt... bad. Like I failed as a parent for not noticing sooner," he replied quietly, "It... really hurt. And I figured that Peter probably hated me for disciplining him and-- I was conflicted."
"He's asleep again? How tired was he?" Steve chuckled softly, still laying stretched out on the floor and not wanting to move yet.
"All right. Wait right here and I'll go hide it, okay?" He explained, leaving the room to find a place only he'd know and Peter couldn't get to.
"Talking about it is just going to make us wanna go more. And we'll be even more anxious." Steve purred, snuggling into Tony sweetly.
"Collars." Steve repeated softly, then processing the word. "Collars? Like, dog collar type collars?" He asked with an eyebrow raised.
"Steve, I can feel your nervousness from over here," Tony looked over from the passenger side, reaching over to put a gentle hand on his arm, "It's gonna be fine, baby. Whatever happens, happens. It's gonna be okay."
"Don't hold back on me, all right? Just let go when you need to let go. Come when you need to come, sweetheart."
"Of course not!" Steve said seriously, hugging Peter close. "We would never take you back just because there would be a new baby in the house. We love you, Peter. You're our son and nothing would change that."
"Oh?" Steve replied curiously. "Well, we can do that. A little cleaning is fine with me." He hummed with a secretive grin for only Tony to notice.
"So, are you suggesting that our murderer is following in the footsteps of Jack the Ripper?" He queried.
He brushed Steve's bangs aside, eyebrows creased in concern. Steve sighed gently, looking to him softly.
"Tony Stark. Yes, my father's Howard Stark, no, he's not my father in a sense. Please, Steve, come in."
"Hang on, little spider. It could be a stranger." Natasha pointed out, following the boy to answer the door.
Steve hummed in thought as he drove. "How about I distract him and tell him not to look and you go and hide them in your room until we can wrap them up?" Steve offered up. "That way he doesn't see them and you can come back to hang out with us."
"I'm not sure, bud." Steve said with a sigh. "Sometimes he gets an idea and he wants to work on it before he forgets it."
"Sammy thinks you do things just fine, bubba. And Daddy is right, everyone makes mistakes." Steve said gently. "It makes us human. Plus you're young, so you are bound to make mistakes to learn from, bubba."
"Steve. I am a technological genius. If they give us one of those, I will rebuild it into a pissing beagle," Tony deadpanned, not missing a beat, "It'll be fine, honey. Let's concentrate on our one twerp before we have two, okay?"
that he almost got hit crossing the street, all he knew was he had to sprint the block down and around, go through the park and up the Victorian steps, dripping water over the  wood floors. Tony sprinted up the stairs as fast as he could and threw open their bedroom door, not surprised he'd startled Steve; he dragged the blond out of bed by his lapels and ignored his complaints as he pushed his
compare our sex life to a marathon," Tony snorted, sitting up, "C'mon, I want wall sex. Or couch sex."
Steve sat on the bed, waiting patiently for Tony to get cleaned up. He thought it wouldn't really do any good if they wound up going again, but he still didn't know what Tony had in mind. He knew Tony's thoughts could be dangerous things, and this was no exception to that.
"Of course we can, munchkin." Steve smiled softly, smooching Peter's cheek. "That one is one of my favorites. JARVIS?"
When they were called to go in, Steve gave Tony's hand a reassuring squeeze as they stood, walking in to meet Dr. Rhodes.
He slipped his phone back in his pocket and headed up a level to the studio, finding Tony set next to his easel. The blond swooped in for a quick kiss.
Clint begrudgingly handed Bucky a twenty from his wallet, in which Natasha took it from him and stuffed it in her bra.
"That was beautiful." Steve said before he groaned softly with Tony's movements. "Definitely wanna hear more of that." Steve grinned sweetly. He place his hands on the back of Tony's neck and ran his fingers through in encouragement.
"I don't think you are. You love to get in trouble," Tony hummed, stopping the spanking to massage his pink cheeks, "Don't you? Did you mouth off the principal too? Let me guess, detention for the week?"
"Ooo, you wore the black ones. Those are always my favorite on you." Steve grinned, pushing lightly at Tony's hips. "Over the desk, baby.".
been a while since our last workout. Might do me some good." He smirked back, running his hands up Tony's back.
He smooched Steve's cheek, gently carrying Peter downstairs to set him in his booster seat. The bear yawned, peeking at Steve through his messy curls.
Once things were cleaned up a bit in the kitchen, Steve headed into the living room with the others. He smiled softly at the sight of his fellas cuddled on the couch.
Peter scrunched his nose at the poke, but eventually gave in with a sigh. "Otay, I guess." He grumbled softly, resting his head on Steve's shoulder.
Tony dashed for his recliner, not surprised that Peter wiggled out of Steve's arms to climb into his lap. He smooched the boy's cheek, trying to relax as everyone settled down.
Tony sighed and closed his eyes, mentally thanking his stars for his newfound control. He stood and followed Peter down to the kitchen, watching with a smile as the boy practically attached himself to Steve's leg.
few minutes. In a little bit." Steve chuckled, nuzzling Tony's cheeks. "You still need rest from last night, baby."
"Mmm, don't be, haven't felt this out in a loooong tine," Tony hummed, examining his hands as if for the first time, "I missed you, pain meds, filthy bastards."
Steve took him in deeper still, starting to bob and hollow his cheeks. He hummed low to send vibrations up through Tony's body, not planning to stop until the other would come.
"That would be rude to the guests, and besides--" Steve started, blinking for a moment. "How are you doing that?"
"Are you sure?" Tony avoided the question, concern knitted in his brow, "You seem....sad. I dunno. Maybe it's just the sick." He pushed away his empty plate, turning doe eyes to Steve.
"Uh-uh. Gwoss," Peter stuck his tongue out, shrieking when Steve tried to grab for him anyway. "Papaaa, nooo!"
"Well, that’s the technical term for it." Steve answered innocently. "That’s how I know it. Put that in your crossword." He joked lightly.
Tony took his time picking out linens: he was a very picky man, wanting only the best for Steve. He settled on silk sheets and a Victorian bedspread, buying fluffy towels and blankets to store in their home. He left the store with bags of stuff, a happy laugh escaping his throat at the thought of going home to Steve. Once he pulled into their garage, he shouldered the bags, grunting as he trudged upstairs.
"Fuck--" Tony laughed breathily, slowly thrusting into Steve. "Ti amo più che la luna, oltre le stelle, tu sei il mio tutto," he muttered under his breathed, getting his hands under Steve's back to help anchor himself.
"I don't take to reading those things. Usually just rumors, and no one likes a rumor." Steve explained, playing with the tab of his soda. "Sorry things were rough with your dad. Sure he'd be happy to know your soulmate is not a prostitute, but then again probably would be less than thrilled I’m a guy, by the sounds of it."
“I heard. Got into a heated argument with a Mr. Eugene Schmidt. Threatened him, witnesses say." Steve stated nonchalantly, playing it up. "We do not take threats lightly, Mr. Stark. Hope you have a good lawyer."
"Miss Potts, a pleasure," he drawled, "Is Natalia in? My.... associate and I have come to see the aftermath of a body you may have received last night, or this morning."
"That it is, baby," Tony murmured, leaving Steve's arms to pop the cookies in the oven, "Do you wanna cuddle while the cookies bake and cool?"
"What are they?" Steve asked curiously, smirking at the reaction and doing it again. "Are these humans' fins? They don't seem very helpful in swimming, huh?"
"Exhibitionism. Exhibit. Basically putting on a show for the other." He gather, slight blush on his face at the thought. "Maybe... Maybe we can try it sometime..."
"Alright, alright," Tony laughed, patting Steve's leg so he'd get up, "C'mon little one, let's go get you bathed and in your jammies, okay? And when we're done, Uncle Clint should be home with dinner."
Tony only half-listened at Steve explained the process to Peter, glancing up every once in a while to make sure they hadn't left without him noticing. Eventually, his hand started to cramp from writing, in which he muttered under his breath, wringing out his hand with a soft whimper.
"'N my penguin. Dat'll be all, sir." The boy said in the most proper way he could, patting Tony with a giggle. "Could we all have cuddles tomorrow, too?"
Steve turned to see another person setting up the gaming systems in the corner. He stood and walked his way over to Steve, his hand extended for a handshake. The guy looked to be around Steve's age. He had dark brunette hair that laid in a mess of curls on his head and had glasses pushed up his nose. He was slightly stocky and had a nervous look about him, but he had quite a firm handshake.
Tony mumbled something back, eyes slipping closed and he whined again, gently petting Steve's hair. "Please," he moaned quietly, shudders running through his body.
"Aren't most kids handfuls as teens?" Steve chuckled softly, petting at Tony's hair. "We can handle it, though. You have an iron will." He joked softly.
"What you teach me is real 'portant, Papa. I just don't ask ya for more cuz I know you are busy with da stuff around da house da rest of da time. I don't wanna make you busier." The boy explained softly. "With Daddy, I'm jus' able to learn while he is working cuz what I learn is 'volved wit his job.".
"We can talk about it and check it out later. Right now, Peter still has a surprise to see?" He pointed out, wide grin on his lips.
"But they shouldn't. Daddy and I mind. Plus they bet on us, which wasn't nice at all." Steve hummed, rubbing Peter's back gently as they made it to the boy's room.
"I can't help that my dick seems to really like you. Plus we are almost naked, so it makes it a bit difficult to not to with you."
"It'll happen when I have a work day at home, with eighty tons of paperwork," Tony snorted, "It's a good relaxer."
"No problem. I'll be sure to let you know. The wind gets to some people." Steve grinned, helping Tony off the bike. "Plus you look
It wasn't long before Miss Potts returned and ushered them in the back where they were met with another red haired woman by where the bodies were kept.
Tony buried his face in Steve's back again, waiting for the bike to roar to a stop before pulling back. "Remind me to wear my glasses when we do this," he laughed, running a hand through his hair, "My contacts aren't loving this."
"If we weren't soulmates, and didn't have tattoos for someone else, would you still stay?" He asked quietly.
Tony immediately headed for the bathroom, closing the door behind him. He crawled into the empty tub, curling up on himself.
like their parents, so don't you fucking bring Steve into this fucking mess, because you and I both know it's my own goddamned fucking
"It's the small people that build up the large companies, Gene," Tony replied, a smirk slipping onto his lips, "But if you do feel that way, I'm sure I can pull funding from this building, maybe send a few guys into your hardware? Dig up some stuff?"
the one who asks for advanced questions," Tony pointed out, "I don't ever move it up. He does it himself."
"You know why, Tony? It’s because it’s the difference between being loved and being lusted." The blond whispered sweetly.
"Tony--" Steve sighed, heading after Tony. He lifted up the end of the covers, looking at the man. "What're you
The blond ran his hands all along Tony's back lovingly, voicing his praises at a whisper so he wasn't too loud.
"Okay." Steve said with a grin. "We need to call them back. Will you do that while I give him a change?" He asked, giving Tony a smooch back. "Because I think he needs one."
"Listen, I know you are excited, but I have to try and figure some things out so we can work with this situation here." He said carefully. "So, how long do you have?"
"What happened with your dad?". Steve sounded legitimately concerned, but Tony snapped. He turned sharply towards Steve's direction and let it loose.
“If you do find something, relay it to Bruce and I, too. That way we can compare it with our own findings while we’ve got Wolf-Cap under observation.” Tony requested, earning a nod from Natasha and Bucky simultaneously.
Tony didn't reply, opting to pick up Steve's hand to kiss his knuckles, taking comfort in his warm hand.
"No problem, hon. I know caffeine is your second love." Steve said with a chuckle, taking a sip of his own cup.
"If he does it again, then he'll be in trouble, but it’s already been done." Steve sighed. "I mean, he's teaching his five-month-old brother to
"Clint? Hey, it's Tony. Yeah. You and Romanoff still doing undercover as family movers? Yep. Cool. Key's in the same place, and Romanoff should be able to get into the neighbor's. 205. Yep. I'll explain when you get here. Oh--right, you know that place I thought about investing in? Off Walnut street? Yeah. Okay, good. See you guys soon. Buh-bye."
skinny and short. Got something against skinny and short?" Tony teased, sitting up so he could straddle Steve's lap, "I'm just teasin'. What I'm
"That sounds like fun. Just you and me for a few days. Do whatever we feel like." Steve hummed softly. "And it'd give me the perfect excuse to just pamper you all I want." He grinned as they pulled into the garage.
don't appreciate it." Peter just grinned and wiggled his backside, squealing when Tony sat up and started to tickle him. "That's what you get, you little monster!" he laughed.
Sammy blinked up at Peter and then at his hand, face scrunching before sniffling, tiny whimpers leaving his mouth.
"Oh, damn..." Steve groaned, already almost completely hard under Tony's touches. "Well, taking what you want is certainly one thing." He smirked.
Tony sneezed again, groaning as he stood on shaky legs to put the wicks out. He snuffled again, pausing before sneezing for a third time, effectively smacking his head into the dresser.
"Nah. We pose, but sometimes we do our job," Clint laughed, shaking Steve's hand, "Good to see Tony finally got his other half."
He easily finished off his ice cream, scraping the bottom of the dish. Steve grinned at him, reaching out to wipe some chocolate sauce off the boy's cheek before finishing his cup up.
!' Steve responded with a chuckle to his words 'I am a merperson, not half fish, despite us looking so. There technically is a difference. And we're omnivores, so this is normal. We just usually save the bigger fish than krill or shrimp for special occasions.'
"Hobblin' a little, but not really sore." He explained, picking up Tony's pillow. "And you are an adorable sleeper. I have the sketch to prove it."
"Wise words indeed. Very wise words." Steve hummed, pouring syrup over Peter's waffles. "Once we're done with breakfast, we'll get ready to go and invite everyone over." He smiled, biting into his own waffles.
"I can't help that I got caught." Steve pouted playfully. "The principal found out and had to teach me a lesson."
"Peter, you disobeyed what we told you when you got the computer, so you have to deal with the consequence." He stated. "Curious or no, the internet gets
"You made me feel amazing. So I wanna thank you for that. Is that so wrong?" Steve grinned back happily, feeling sated. He kissed along Tony's face happily. "So thank you for that."
"You wore silk panties for me once." Steve stated as he looked around, a slight pink tint to his cheeks. "But no, never a whole getup before. I think you'd look good in something red. Like a velvet red color. Or a crimson."
"Dat's why I came ta get yous!" Peter grinned. "Cuz we gotta move my stuffs and den read 'bout Spidahman."
"Now I'll show you something a little different." He said, twisting out and twisting back in, arms crossed and back against Steve's chest.
"Exactly. You get paid to do what you do now. Unless you don't want to get paid," Tony snickered, "I mean, I can pay you in blow jobs, if that's what you want."
The comic 'n da superheroes is our special thing..." Peter pouted, eyes a little wet. "Besides, Sammy is too little ta be a superhero. He can't even talks yet..."
"You don't have to get me anything big, Tony. I'm happy with whatever I get." Steve hummed back. "But yeah, Peter is spoiled. But at least he is always grateful and that’s all I could ask for."
After sprinting for a good while, Tony was almost to the building. He thought that he might of just made it. There was a student that was starting to exit the building just as Tony arrived at the doorway. He tried to go into the building, but the student stopped him from doing so using her body.
"Ow! Hey, I need that hand. Or else you won't get any waffles," Steve said with a chuckle, swatting Clint's hand away as he worked.
"Yeah, yeah, I'm doing better, I've gotta reinforce these walls though. Soundproof 'em," he murmured, reaching up to pet Steve's hair, "I thought you were angry at me for telling Peter to call you Mommy, and if you wanted to opportunity to talk we could do it semi-privately. And I actually needed to get work done. That too."
"Me, I'm so old," Tony wheezed, laughing, "You might have to carry me back if my knees give out." He took Steve's hand, leaning into his warmth as they trotted down the sidewalk.
"Oh my god, I'm totally keeping the soccer mom minivan. If they all move in, we'll need it," he laughed, "And my favorite car, my Benz, in case--" He paused. "--The rest will be donated," he finished lamely.
Steve looked to Tony a bit surprised, kind of nervous about the change up. But at least with the safe words, Tony would tell him if it was too much.
"We won't, baby. Never. Promise." Steve assured with another smooch. "Now, since you're all settled in here, you want us to read to you?"
"With the exception of holidays, which we'll alternate." Steve joked, making the mixture for the toast. "I'm hoping eventually I will be used to it and I won't end up walking this way each time."
Tony shrugged, but the smile on his face told a different story. He happily ate the rest of his food, sucking down medicine with his juice.
"Wanted a kiss." Steve said with a cheeky smirk, kissing at Tony's thumb as he wiped. "Can't get enough of them." He hummed.
"He never told me he had." Steve queried. "He might have purposely not told me. Did Daddy show you how to burp him, too?"
"Its hard work, playing." Steve grinned, nuzzling the boy gently as he slept. "But he enjoyed himself, so that's great. He'll enjoy his surprise present too, I think. It all looks great." He praised, leaning and kissing his husband.
"You may be a big boy, but you are still littler than Daddy, so you are my little fella." Steve pointed out softly. "And Daddy's right. Almost bedtime, bubba."
"Already brainstorming," Tony muttered under his breath, "I'm gonna grab blueprint paper and a coffee, love."
"Mm-hmm." Steve hummed playfully, a small smile on his lips. "After we rest a few minutes, I expect you to." He purred, running light fingers over the marks he had made.
"Give him credit, too. I didn't have to tell him to do that either." Steve said with a teasing grin. "But we have it covered. There are things he does
"Like that better?" Tony murmured, massaging Steve's cheeks again, "You definitely responded better."
The blond took his hands and cupped Tony's cheeks, caressing them softly as he brought them in for another kiss. Tony huffed a laugh at that, languidly kissing Steve before reluctantly pulling back, slipping in a second finger to scissor him open.
"So, sap, whatcha wanna do? Unpack a little?" He murmured, "We've got forever and a day together, so we can do whatever you want."
Tony's eyes twitched in his sleep, hand clawing at Steve's chest. He took a sharp breath, clearly in a nightmare.
As he waited for the water to boil, he picked up Harry the Manta Ray, cuddling him close silently as a comfort.
"Yeah, ghostie things. I'm a sucker for it," Tony chuckled, "I usually can call the film, but this one seems different. I don't scare easy, Rogers."
"Must be. Had a long day of science-ing, hm?" Steve chuckled, smooching the boy's head. "The house was quiet with you guys gone."
"So we'll need to get this moved onto this wall here and get everything set up there." Steve directed as they tried to maneuver the bed parts into the room.
Peter reached out for the baby and kissed his hands, eyes lighting up at Sammy's squeal of delight. "M'glad y'don't wet y'self, Sammy," He sighed wistfully.
Tony chewed his lip in thought, a tiny smile flickering onto his lips, if only for a moment. "I can't help it Sir, I'm too busy thinking about other things in your class," he mewled.
"Clinton was clever, I will give you that." Steve chuckled lightly. "Nine letter word for deep love and respect...?"
"Even the spare bedroom has an en suite?" Steve said, taking in the space. "The spacing is great for a bedroom. It’s not huge, but it isn't overbearingly small, either. And the natural light in here-- in the house actually-- is lovely, and--"
"You doing okay?" Steve asked quietly, eye on the screen as they watched on. This guy on screen should know better than to provoke the damn thing, honestly. That’s when things happen.
Steve hummed, snuggling up to Tony. "He's okay now. He was upset because his friend's parents are divorcing and he didn't want us separating." Steve explained with a light blush. "He hears us having sex. He thinks we are arguing because we are yelling at each other at night."
"I was finishin' one'a Daddy's papahs," He replied softly, "I was tryin' t'get Jay t'google some words f'me, but it’s pretty much cut off...."
He dug out bandaids and neosporin, quickly cleaning up the scrape and smoothing the band-aid over it. Tony dropped a kiss onto his knee, moving up to blow a raspberry on Sammy's tummy.
"You sure can, can't ya?" Steve grinned, kissing Tony back before heading back to the oven to pull the pizza out. "Once you can eat without getting
"I want to know for your punishment." He stated softly, running his hand up Tony's back. "Need to know how many times I have to spank you, Tony."
" Tony faux pouted. "Its only a by few inches. Besides, I'm teaching you how to dance, so be nice to me." He grinned.
"I don't want to guess, I might get it, and I'd rather a surprise," Tony teased, slipping back into his clothes after drying off, "You might guess mine, but you'd have to do a hell of a lot of research for it."
"You inadvertently called me handsome. I'm counting it. You think I'm handsome." Tony teased, chuckling as Steve's face got a bit more red on his pale skin.
"Don't eat too fast, Petey. You'll get a brain freeze. Or a tummy ache." Steve warned softly, taking bites of his Cookie Dough ice cream as he sat across from Peter.
Tony sighed, setting down his tools and swiveling in his chair to face his son carefully. "That is because he has been dead a while, and has long before that been dead to me." he grumbled slightly, then sighing. "But I guess if it weren't for how he was, I wouldn't have wound up with your pops."
Semi-blocking Steve from the bond, Tony padded out of the room and down to the basement, flicking on his reading glasses before getting to work.
"It’s nice not to use phones on dates unless there is a real emergency or it is important to talk to someone." He explained, handing the phone back. "And I'm not going to purposely try and give you a...a boner on our date. That'd be rude and mean."
Tony wrapped his arm around Peter and gently pushed them down the slide, careful to not hold too tightly. He laughed at Peter's stunned expression, setting him on his feet at the end of the slide. Peter looked up at Tony still a bit stunned with a grin growing on his face.
"That might be a downside, but we'll get used to it. No stinky diaper is going to stop us." Steve chuckled. "And fussy mother hens can be baby obsessed, too. I keep on imagining what'll be like, and I really shouldn't until the baby is actually existent, but I can't help it."
"They's some'a m'friends at ballet," Peter hummed, clutching his penguin to his chest, "Are we gonna make cookies?"
Steve snickered on his way to kitchen, actually surprised Buck was the one hobbling out of them. He heated up the waffle iron happily with a hum, staring at his ring finger happily as he cooked. Bucky, Nat, and the others were clean and in the kitchen within the hour, gathering around Steve and his waffle iron. Natasha took notice of the ring first, but decided not to mention it, only to be interrupted by a large shout of "
He was met with a gorgeous, blond, muscular, -did he mention gorgeous?- man, bright blue eyes that rivaled the color of the ocean itself. The human's eyes naturally gravitated lower, doing a slight double take as hipbones almost made a perfect gradient into scales.
"Wait up for me?" Tony joked, putting his cup down with a shaky hand before going to grab pajamas, "Come with me while I shower. I might fall over."
“'Course." The blond hummed, ripping the packet open with his teeth and working to slick up his fingers.
"You 'n Papa have been real good, too. So youse should gets lotsa stuffs, too." Peter explained, sipping out of his juice box. "Youse da best daddies."
Walking into the lobby, Tony didn't let go of Steve's hand as he walked up to reception, only taking a seat once the receptionist ushered him away.
"Sorry." Steve answered softly, loosening his grip up a bit and kissed his face. "Think you'd be good to take your medicine?"
"If you think I'm gonna pass up the chance to work with the Avengers, you aren't half as smart as your rep."
"Tony made battle armour for his friends. Including his girlfriend, Patricia Potts, usually known as Pepper. 'Rescue' is her code name."
"I – am – not – dead. And as soon as we end this call I'm going to contact my PR and Legal Departments to make that damn clear to the internets. God knows what it's done to Stark Industries stock price – and with it the DOW. I may sue."
He could call Jarvis and ask him to send the Mark 8A, but it would take several minutes to get to Washington from New York. But maybe Happy had disobeyed orders once again...
Tony's breath caught in his throat. Then he spotted Steve sprawled close to the statue, where the portal – and the centre of the explosion – had been.
Thor's expression had cleared. "No. No, Captain... Steven. You were not dead – not for more than a few minutes – but you stood on the edge of death for six Midgardian days.”
Steve did not smile back. He said, very seriously, "About this... about, well, mak— having sex with... someone you... care about changing things. It does. I thought— I thought I could handle whatever you wanted, including forgetting last night if it... hadn't worked out. But I can't forget – can't go back the way we were before."
Standing looking down at him he wondered at the depth of his own emotional involvement. He'd known about Captain America, of course, and had felt a vague admiration for him during history lessons.
"You gonna call your armour?" Steve asked, as Bruce and Tony climbed round and over each other, and Bruce settled behind the wheel.
"It's one of the things I'm here for," Steve pointed out, before taking a large swig of coffee. It was excellent and just how he liked it. Cautiously, he approached the pastries. They were excellent too.
? Well, he'd check on him later... or maybe sooner. Meanwhile, Jan would need his help to move Hank.
"Lose him in this traffic?" Steve asked, in an appalled voice, as the SUV jerked forward right into the path of another yellow cab trying to force its way in from the right.
"There's just one thing," Jan went on, apparently oblivious, though her voice was horribly strained and getting louder and louder as she spoke. "I... I can't hear anything."
"Shut up, Jarvis," he growled, rolling onto this back, then clamping his eyes shut against the light and his mouth against incipient sickness. It must have been one hell of a party... "Unless Loki's at the door, it can wait."
"My speeded up metabolism makes me run a couple of degrees hotter than most humans," Steve said, letting his hand fall. Tony didn't feel as cool as he should, but there couldn't be more than a degree in it, if it wasn't Steve's imagination. "C'mon." He jumped to his feet and held out a hand to Tony. "Let's get out of the heat and find out what horrors Hank and Bruce have cooked up while we've been talking."
"So I did." There was laughter in the distorted voice. "One of my better ideas. Stay here, Cap. You'll be picked up." With that, he was gone.
They'd learned to recognise his own snark long ago, but Pepper still chided him about antagonising the press corps. He could handle them as well as she did, but it was a chore he'd rather avoid.
He'd saved the helicarrier, figured out Loki's plan, out-bluffed and out-manoeuvred that god and the goddam World Security Council. He'd had help there, too, from the other Avengers, and they'd defeated Loki and the Chitauri.
They'd order pizza when Tony was awake to eat it; if he still needed one of his favourite comfort foods at that point.
It was only thirty seconds later that Jarvis's voice rang over the comms: "Avengers, a large energy source has just appeared four hundred and twenty five yards, south south west, of the portal. It is rising into the air."
The lean, sun-tanned man at Hennis's side, the back of whose head had apparently been sprayed red, snapped, "Military Intelligence and Criminal Investigation Oversight," without even a glance towards the man he was addressing.
"I coulda told you that," Steve said. "And I've known him less than a year. Which means you must have known how he'd react from the start."
He saw little of Hogun (who was apparently known throughout Asgard as 'the grim'), who was mainly silent even when present. Fandral, on the other hand, seemed to enjoy his company, and continued to be informative and charming.
"When do we start?" a slim African-American woman asked. Or was she African-American? That accent didn't originate in the US, but Steve couldn't place it.
Steve ran his hand once more round the edge of the shield, then put it back against the wall. "Not half as much as you being here does." He moved to stand looking down at Tony, aching to lean over and kiss him, but not sure whether it would be allowed. Instead, he folded to his knees beside the chair, so that he was no longer threatening – or tempted – and their eyes were nearly on a level. "Thank you, Tony. For everything. And you had every right to be angry."
"Your cloaking device," Tony's voice observed, his voice somewhat muffled by Steve's not inconsiderable weight.
"I'm sorry, Steve," Betty's voice said over the comm. "They have Bruce. I need to be with him. I'm sure the Avengers will find us both."
He tasted of fine Cognac but it wasn't that that sent fire racing through Steve's veins. He rose into Tony's arms, deepening the kiss, hands sliding down the strong back to grip his ass.
"Let's leave them to it," Jan suggested. "I'd apologise for their rudeness, but it's not often I get a chance to show anyone what we're – what Hank, really – is doing. They won't even notice we're gone for hours."
Tony had to take several deep breaths before he could control his voice enough to answer. "So did I," he said. "But I guess we both learned better."
It seemed to be enough. The Wakandan warrior lifted his spear and stepped aside as T'Challa ploughed past him, Tony still in tow.
"If you knew the Ten Rings were involved you should have called me in," Tony stated coldly. "But you didn't want me, did you? Or Bruce?"
Tony recognised the silhouette against the constellations easily enough; the four rotors on their frame around the single person cockpit were unique. It was one of the first things he had designed for Stark Industries. Originally built as a low-level military observation aircraft more than twenty years ago, it had become a staple for naturalists, hobbyists and stunt fliers.
The revelation was horrifying. "He was the Iron Monger – the 'robot' you fought across LA. The one you were supposed to be defending Stark Industries from?"
"The price of genius? Don't give me that, Stark. But Fury's willing to let the disappearance of the other Avengers ride, for the moment."
A warm hand grasped his ankle and moved his leg – and yes, that hurt – but the touch that followed – soft tissue against his skin, wet and then dry – was gentle.
"I'm not defending him, Tony. But you've never been a soldier, which I was and he is. Sometimes, as a soldier, you have to obey a legal order, even if you hate doing it."
"When I was little she'd come to consult with the Old Man," he expanded. "They were a formidable team. God only knew what adding you to mix would have done: tyrants would tremble, congressmen quake—"
"And you on Wakanda. Now I shall call one of my agents," T'Challa went on, "and Shuri and I will return to Wakanda."
"That's the helicarrier up there, arriving late as usual," Tony said. "I'll talk to Fury about dealing with your 'bombs'. Can I trust you not to run for it?"
So that was what T'Challa had been doing when he'd left Steve and him alone in the hidden base, Tony realised. He'd played that one close to his chest. Not that Tony blamed him.
Pepper's returned smile was thin. "I don't think Natasha enjoys taking unnecessary risks, the way Tony does."
The pause before Tony answered was too long. "I don't know. At least they might understand. I'll go get Cap."
"I'm sorry," he said. Normally he would have added that if Tony wanted to talk he was here to listen, but Tony was incapable of remaining silent in company, so he just drained his mug, wincing at the taste, and helped himself to more whisky, moving the bottle out of Tony's reach as he did so. He, at least, could not get drunk.
Ours are wider, Steve thought, and that was surprising enough to keep him silent as he followed Okoye between the trucks, keeping their heads well down.
Satisfied that the man was no longer a threat to his mission, Steve finished searching the room – he found nothing – then headed out the door.
It was then that he noticed that someone had thoughtfully left both painkilling tablets and a couple of bottles of water on the bedside table.
"Serum sped up your metabolism, yeah. Come on. I could do with something myself. Even if it's only frozen pizza."
But he could have sworn that Tony was not wearing the suit, could have sworn that both current Marks had been damaged—
Tony stepped forward to shake the hand of the man in the chair. "Professor Xavier. Thank you for agreeing to help us."
"Almost certainly," the Panther agreed, "but until a person risks taking it, in raw form or brewed into a draught, they cannot know for certain that they will survive."
Natasha was shaking her head. "They can't have shut it down. SHIELD's intelligence is dependent on its computers. They must have found a way to strengthen their firewalls and lock you and everyone else out."
Tony, his mind on his long day burgling SHIELD's research facilities on Steve's behalf, blinked. "Girl?"
They had never mentioned that night again. And the next time Tony had referred to the Barton farm, it was to say he was leaving the Avengers, was going to settle down with Pepper Potts.
His hand struck something, which moved away from him. He stopped, bringing his body upright to tread water – and his feet hit bottom. His ankles were tangled in something, but when he stood up the water only came halfway up his chest. A step forward and he could grasp the broken branch, floating in the water, which was undoubtedly what he had hit.
Tony treated him to a look of pure disgust. "Only because you couldn't persuade him to come in. Or did you even try?"
"It was an interesting experience," Betty said serenely, "though I would rather the deal had included the wings. And I'm still not convinced it's possible."
"Norns? What the hell is a Norn?" Hank asked, with a touching air of bewilderment that Steve could empathise with completely, for all that he had actually spent time in Asgard.
"Good. I need the armour, and a transporter with refrigeration coils – oh, and a Mark 4 first aid kit."
Growling to himself because if he'd not had to leave his shield to protect Tony and Pepper he could have brought the assassin down easily, Steve leaped up onto the roof, lowered his head and pounded after him. After all, there was nowhere for the guy to go...
"Science that you do not yet understand," Thor told him, but it was plain he was not paying attention. He frowned down at Steve's body, though Tony could have sworn he was not really seeing it, his expression confused, conflicted.
Hank nodded. "We need to go over my results together, Tony. Mechanical life is a quite astonishing achievement, though the Chitauri aren't so different from humans if the first thing they do with it is build In weaponry."
Steve kicked at the knee, then the shoulder, trying to topple the robot which caught his ankle in mid-kick and hurled him towards the wrecked vehicles. Twisting in the air, he landed close enough to Howard to tell him, "Get out of here. I'll distract whoever-he-is, then deal with him."
Tony hesitated, wondering whether to lie, and saw the other man's expression grow bleak. He said, "All the Avengers made it to the battle. Not sure we would have done it without him."
But Pepper had told him, firmly, that she wasn't there to cover the activities of Iron Man (though she seemed willing enough to give Captain America advice about how to handle the paparazzi.)
Then it didn't matter; the door to Tony's suite and the interior door to the lounge were standing open, giving a view all the way through to the French doors onto the roof terrace, and it was beyond them that an indeterminate dark shape was rising out of the fog.
Tony raised the glass in a toast that was less mocking than he had originally intended and took a hearty swig. It was good.
Here Erik Selvig had opened a gate to outer space, allowing the alien invaders in: huge animalistic machines crawling through the portal and into the spaces between the towers, ugly humanoid figures dropping down with weapons blazing...
Despite his care, he must have made some sort of noise, for the black clad figure disassembling what looked like a futuristic shotgun looked towards him, thrust the weapon haphazardly into a canvas bag, grabbed it, and fled across the roof.
"Indeed, Steve, you have not. Though it was far worse when he was dying of palladium poisoning. I take it you do not require pizza."
"Nope. Wakanda is. I'm just the messenger boy. Wakanda will repatriate your agents on receipt of a signed agreement, from you as Director of SHIELD, stating that SHIELD will respect Wakanda's territorial integrity, you will remove your agents from their airfield – which you have already been requested to do by two countries the UN does recognise – and cease its surveillance. They want you out of their backyard, Nick."
"There's lots of fruit," Bruce said. "I could make you a smoothie. Better for your stomach than..." He waved a hand at the coffee, and Tony curled his arms protectively around it, making Steve chuckle on his way to the stove and Bruce give him a disapproving look as he began scrabbling for cutlery and plates.
"I knew it seemed vaguely familiar, but couldn't figure out why. Among other things you missed while auditioning as an iceberg, a British guy called Michael Moorcock wrote several series of books whose characters were all incarnations of an 'Eternal Champion'. One of those characters was called Jerry Cornelius."
Steve took a deep breath. "He's... Jan, I know all the arguments. Thor's a god—" then, at her surprised look, "yes, I know that's kind of blasphemy, but I was in Asgard, an' some of the things I saw... Anyway, if Tony's under his protection he should be safe. But Thor's wrangling a goddamn hurricane. And I'm stuck here, unable to help either of them."
