Violet raises her head, looks at him, and smiles a brief open-mouthed thing before her head falls down with a frankly alarming thump, but she raises it again right after.
John doesn’t even know whether he wants Sherlock to say anything. It’s easier if they pretend it isn’t true.
There’s a million things John can think of to say to that - he’s bound to have a good day after sex like that, isn’t he? But what he says is, “You too.”
Mycroft knows that both John and Sherlock will comfort her, that they will take care of her, but it is not the same as their routine. He wonders about it having a negative effect on her. Whether he should arrange his work differently, or whether it is not a big enough change to warrant worry. Perhaps it is better if she cultivates some flexibility? He is not certain.
Mycroft sighs. “I am not an easy man to care for, Sherlock. Few have tried and none have succeeded.” And then he sounds surprised at himself that he said so. “Not that it is of any consequence, I am perfectly happy alone.”
John sits down on the bed, then says, “I... I don’t...” His hand trembles wildly and he balls it into a fist. “Jesus!”
Mycroft wonders at the person he had been then, if he would have remained childless. The image feels clear in his mind. Safe, orderly. If he did not have a child, he would not nearly trip over toys in his house. Not half-say, half-sing lullabies, or recite farm animal poems and wave good night to the moon. He would not have a living, breathing, miraculous little girl in his arms. One who adores him, who is happy, and healthy.
The tailor comes in and they discuss the lines and fit of the suit. Mycroft is entirely courteous with his opinions, but Sherlock can see his thoughts running underneath.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. Of course Mycroft will have words for this. Careful smiles covering up the guilt he feels for even wanting sex with John, never mind actually going ahead with it. Loss of control,
Sherlock sometimes leans close again. And John takes it, gratefully. He always does, and he probably will for the rest of his life. But it doesn’t have that expectant tingle anymore. The sheer stress of maybe-this-time. Instead it’s something calm, and sure.
Three nights later, Sherlock steals John’s phone to look at the picture, and tries to push down the wave of emotion that even looking at her brings. He feels as if he’s being cut into pieces, just at the idea of her.
Sherlock goes back to his laptop, typing a bit too fast and defensively for John to think that he isn’t feeling a bit less than composed, too. In fact... John gets up, not bothering to disguise the fact that yes, he’s still half-hard, puts his book away, folds the newspaper, and walks away. “Might as well.”
superior if he’s figured something out about John that Sherlock hasn’t. Sherlock gets Mycroft alone to bond, and then offers, “John’s not happy.”
He will not want to remember this moment, the utter uselessness of lying there and being pulled apart. It seems the worst of indignities, something he would rather not have consciously experienced.
Sherlock nods. “Well chosen style, it will work within your capabilities. As well as an interesting subject.”
Janine, across from him in the row of small shops, makes a face, then shouts to Bainbridge, “Not very halal, this.”
John receives a video on his phone from Sherlock where he’s carefully feeding the baby from a small bottle. There’s a frown of concentration on Sherlock’s face as he tries to make him take the nipple. It’s accompanied by, “He drank approximately 5ml from the bottle, the consultant says that’s great so far, we’ll try again tonight. SH”
. He runs his fingertips over it slowly, enjoying the smooth texture. Sherlock spends several moments just looking at his own hand there.
The thought that his mental state has an impact on it as well does keep on bothering him. Of course he wants this, of course he wants this child! In fact, it is rather terrible to, after John, hear it again from the doctor. “You should take it easy.” As if it is his fault! As if, simply by being himself, he is reducing his chances.
Sherlock can’t focus on any of them. He walks over and lifts Violet into his arms, then endures being hugged by everyone. Molly’s hug is very short, Mrs. Hudson’s is emotional, Lestrade holds on hard for a moment, and then he says to John, “Good luck with this one, mate!”
John feels a bit surprised to hear Sherlock admit that out loud. He doesn’t compliment Mycroft often. But John gets what he means - Mycroft’s been great at making suggestions. John texts Mycroft, “…And Sherlock just said that you’re good at this, by the way. Probably insinuating I’m not. But thanks, for helping. J”
interesting. He’s never had his work critiqued at all, at least not since he finished his apprenticeship in Mike’s shop.
Sherlock has been observing the way the staff touch the baby. He has kept track of the heart monitor, the feeding tube, and the baby’s respiration continually. They showed him how to change his nappy, and a nurse gave Sherlock strict instructions on how to feed the baby. It was nowhere near how Sherlock remembers it being with Violet, but the nurse assured him that the weak, instinctive sucking for a few minutes before the baby fell asleep was already major progress.
John has to stop himself from touching Mycroft’s hand, or to step just a bit too close, because that won’t be all that welcome right now, he supposes. This is about the baby, not them and whatever will happen with that. But it’s never completely out of his mind, either.
Eventually, Sherlock looks back at John’s empty chair. The kitchen smells like Indian food, but John isn’t there eating it. It’s gone dark, too. But that doesn’t matter. Sherlock knows what it is, why John did that.
So is Sherlock, at this point. John’s erection hits his prostate, causing a deep wave of desire to roll over him. Sherlock repeats the movement, a low roll of his hips that is dizzyingly pleasurable.
“Strangulation,” Sherlock mumbles. He turns around and whips out his magnifying glass to study a woman’s hand.
At that moment, another roll of thunder booms though the park, loud, and Violet looks up at them. Mycroft takes her hand, “It’s fine, just thunder.”
He didn’t enjoy it? Sherlock doesn’t have time to ponder John’s expression, because before the politician even has time to clean up, the door opens and there are two more men. Sherlock doesn’t recognise them for a moment, but when he does, he smiles. The Starbucks employee and the teacher. Sherlock looks at them both – lost three pounds – stressful job search – temporary contracts – their puppy is alone a lot – recent arguments but still in love - and he feels a thrill again. This is all so
John meets Soo Lin’s eyes. She’s working on a tattoo of New York City, oddly enough. The Chrysler building’s looking a bit crooked. There’s nothing he can say though, is there?
much, but apparently to Sherlock, having official parental rights is important. It’s another thing that John doesn’t fully get.
...And that’s when one of the picture frames makes an odd slide, bangs into another, and falls down right behind Sherlock’s head with a giant racket.
John starts assembling his tattoo machine. His old-school coiled machine takes more work that Sherlock’s pneumatic one did, and John can see Sherlock watch his hands.
idea.” Sherlock continues, “Two options: either figuratively stencilling a dragon across the car, or transforming the entirety of the car into a dragon. I believe the second will impact the judges favourably, as they have expressed wanting us to think beyond the expected.”
John hands them both condoms, which makes Sherlock feel cared for in an unexpectedly tender way. Most men are unreliable in their condom use. Quite often, they remove the condom when Sherlock isn’t looking, and continue without.
He lifts Violet out of bed and reminds her to be careful of his stomach when she nearly kicks him. She says, “Baby belly?”
Mycroft would ask whose birthday this concerns, but he is conscious of the fact that Anthea, much like himself, is a very private person. So he turns back to his work.
John stares at him. Then takes a breath to say something, smiles, and thinks better of it. “...You’re kidding, right?”
And yes, he does think of Sherlock. He thinks of kissing Sherlock, and the goddamn light in Sherlock’s eyes. Sherlock’s scent. Fucking him, rough. The hint of darkness in Sherlock’s voice. John doesn’t think of much else while pulling himself off. It feels good, for a moment or two. And then it’s just back to an idea that’ll never happen.
There is a matter involving the royal family next. Delicate, naturally. All the more so when one of the children is mentioned as collateral, so Mycroft makes certain that it is managed with the utmost professionalism. The actual threat is minimal, but they increase security regardless.
Ah, the truth. Well then. “I have a meeting tomorrow evening that is expected to run late.” Mycroft does in fact have a meeting, but he could easily skip it, and there is no reason why he should work late. “Is there any chance that you and John could you take Violet for an hour or two?”
The corners of John’s mouth curl, and he gradually relaxes. “Yeah, true.” He gets up. “True.” He says it again, as if it really is the lifeboat Sherlock offered him and not some senseless lie.
“Listen, I…” John breathes out in a huff. This close by, his eyes are blurred, and his voice is a low rumble against his chest. “I don’t have condoms. Or anything.”
He gets undressed, but keeps his underwear on. He settles in bed, far enough away that Sherlock can’t feel him, and then leans close enough to aim his usual kiss onto Sherlock’s cheek. He’s vaguely off because he gets a bit of Sherlock’s ear, but Sherlock breathes as if he likes it.
Mycroft’s mind dwells on John, Sherlock, and all the possible effects of his actions. Allowing himself to be that close to John again has felt instantly gratifying, but the possible complications are not any less dangerous than they were a few days ago. Mycroft knows that he needs to proceed with caution.
Sherlock smiles at him again, seemingly happy that he came. The music is too loud to talk a lot really – John can see Mycroft wince as the dance instructor’s microphone screeches. Sherlock is looking rather pained as well. John can’t believe that William is
He needs to feed her at one point, too. Probably soon. She’s not crying too much yet, so Sherlock sits down again, and waits. At seven exactly, Mycroft comes downstairs.
Sherlock calls Greg, and John keeps his gun trained on the guy for a full twenty minutes, feeling nothing short of
“Six?” She seems a little startled. Then says, delicately, “Avoiding the question on whether your body can sustain that level of hormones for the next few months, are you sure you can do this mentally?” She eyes him. “It’s incredibly difficult to go through this. Especially if you’re alone, the ups and down of the hormones alone would give anyone…”
Mycroft has spent most of the night leaning back in a chair with a hand on his stomach, occasionally looking after Violet and attentively listening to Sherlock’s violin music, but otherwise not engaging too much. He’s had some quiet conversations with everyone present, but Sherlock can feel him counting down the hours until he can go home.
He’s on his fourth pint in an hour, two glasses of whisky thrown in. He’s planning to get nicely smashed. The pub has filled up with the after-work crowd. Rowdy city boys by the bar. A group of women having shots in too-short skirts. John raises his glass to one of them, he doesn’t even care which one, and she laughs, but then turns her back on him.
Mycroft can feel the warmth of John’s body, and he is willing to concede that it is not unpleasant. He is not certain whether he can sleep like this, though. John presses a hand to his back, right where it always seems to ache these days, and rubs slow circles. “Right there, yeah?”
“I have not.” Mycroft was not expecting to. He has taken heat suppressants for the last two decades, and he has not had a natural heat since university, which, even then, he thought severely impractical.
Which is why he’s currently on his hands and knees on the carpet, pretending to be a horse. Violet ‘feeds’ him from a bucket, and John makes munching sounds.
The soldier’s steady eyes meet Sherlock’s when he opens the door. He’s an army doctor, clearly - Sherlock could deduce that easily last time. He has an unconscious military stance. He holds his shoulders back and stands with his weight distributed evenly on both legs, even though he has that cane. He is merely holding it as a prop right now. He only leans on it when his body remembers. There is a slight sheen of sweat on his forehead. His breaths are shallow and quick. He hurried, possibly almost ran to get here.
John thought he would just have a wank on his own, but with Sherlock watching it will feel miles better. John unzips his jeans. With a look to Sherlock, John pulls his pants down over his cock, and then sits on the edge of the bed. “Like this?”
Sherlock lies back on the sofa, with the tourniquet on and the needle in his vein, and he can see the walls melt into bright, thrumming outlines. He can hear the city rushing past. His brain evaporates out beyond walls, and the universe shines and flutters while he drifts and spreads like a cloud.
John looks at Sherlock, and yeah, it still stings. Almost, right? It’s what they almost had, between them.
“You were addicted to the adrenaline your previous lifestyle provided,” Sherlock argues. “Tattooing is merely a weak substitute.”
He has been congratulated himself on the wedding by Molly Hooper and Greg Lestrade, a touch which Mycroft found peculiar and yet somewhat gratifying.
The first thing he considers would be the simplest - a lover would not be impossible to find. But as soon as Mycroft thinks it, he rejects the idea. He is quite done with such useless entanglements. He is not blind to the possibility of it bringing him some pleasure, it is just that the downsides outweigh any potential joy.
Mycroft holds on to the side of the sofa and lowers himself down next to Sherlock, a moment that stretches his muscles, until he sinks down in the low cushions. “Fine, thank you.”
Mycroft sits up, regrettably limited in his manoeuvrability now, and pushes the covers aside. He leans down to take John’s flaccid penis into his mouth. It makes his arms tremble because he is leaning his weight on them, and his chest burns because he is turning at an awkward angle. It makes the weight of his stomach and the child inside of it shift and it is not even remotely comfortable, but still he does it for the chance to taste John.
The sofa squeaks faintly every time Sherlock moves into it. John can hear the rhythmic slapping of those two men pulling themselves off - they’re masturbating to the scene in front of them. John’s cock disappearing into Sherlock’s arse makes a sloppy, squelching sound. John can feel the sweat trickle down his neck and his back. He’s gonna come. He is gonna come into the arse of someone he’s never said a word to, while being watched by these two men. It’s seedy as fuck.
John is different, in a way. John has always been different, but Sherlock has settled into the wild waves of emotion he feels around John. John’s scent lingers in their bed. John’s presence is a constant, and John’s laughter rings through 221b daily. Sherlock would promise John everything possible in the entire world. He would live and die for him, and he has done so for years already. But he is allowed to, now.
Sherlock looks at him, and says, out of nowhere, and as if it is an entirely new concept to him, “You’ve had sex.”
After a moment, John says, “You’re right about the leg, though. It’s bloody awful when it rains. When we’re done, promise you’re gonna pull me up from here?”
John comes home one night, sighs, and says, “I’m thinking of just resigning at work. Does that work for you?”
The man quickly follows him in, moving as quietly as possible on his covered shoes. John walks past the usual suspects sitting in armchairs, napping, reading, some eyeing him with a frown of suspicion as he walks past. John grins.
Mycroft knows that the reason he had all those arguments so ready is because he himself has considered his lack of feeling. He had thought it to be more to do with the loss of hormones. It has been a difficult adjustment, from his prior state of emotionally fulfilled and almost manic pregnancy, to this sexless and taxing slog through each day. Of course he feels as if he has lost some joy in the process.
John would rather stay here, really. But they don’t have a case on. Violet will be here in the afternoon, but besides that… John eyes Sherlock. Chances are he doesn’t move from the sofa all day. So yeah, why not? “Sounds great, I’ll be there by six. John”
And really, Sherlock’s never been anything but completely straightforward. It’s just John who thought... What
John remembers bringing the digestives here just a few months ago. Life was easier then, wasn’t it? Although... did he want him then, too? John can’t remember. When exactly did he start thinking that getting it on with Mycroft sounded like a fab idea?
like a mantra, until he can take it for one more moment, one more. Sherlock looks at the clock, and doesn’t comprehend what it’s saying for a long moment. It’s night, now.
It’s a young male server. He is flushed. He looks at them pleadingly. “We’re closing, I’m…” He swallows. “I’m…” His eyes run all over Sherlock, and he steps closer. A lot closer. “Who
Mycroft lowers himself down onto a chair, slowly, his mind reeling. Is Sherlock aware what that will entail? The truth is that Mycroft himself is not fully certain of what that would be like. Nothing as intense as the initial bonding was, he imagines. A quick… re-connection. Once every week or so should be enough.
Mary comes over, her voice full of concern, and he claims something – pain, need to go, Rosie needs a nap – John doesn’t even know what he says. He waves at everyone on the way out, feeling like there’s not a breath left inside his chest. Feeling like he might throw up, if he were to think on it.
Violet chooses that moment to let out a faint cry. Mycroft gets up, but before he leaves to get her, he looks at Sherlock, and reiterates, “I do, Sherlock.”
The tailor, Henry - the best of this particular shop, naturally, Mycroft would not have wanted anyone else to work on John - looks briefly startled. “Mr. Holmes! Always a pleasure.”
Right on cue, John winces slightly. He looks at his own phone and says, “I should go up. Need to do some drawing still tonight.”
Sherlock does. He ignores the after-shocks and gets off the bed. He has to walk partially bent over, but he makes it to the bathroom. He gets out of his ruined trousers and pants. He showers, mostly ignoring his still swollen penis.
Sherlock thinks about it all through the night. He knows that this is his fault, his defect. He needs to solve it.
The touch is gentle. John strokes his skin with quiet earnestness, as if Sherlock deserves this. As if every moment is worth it, to him. Sherlock tilts his head and captures John’s lips with his own hurriedly, a deep need pulsing inside of him.
It takes a moment, where John is still. And then he takes the vial, and pulls the morphine into a syringe. “Ten mg?”
They go out for hot chocolate, then stop to listen to some buskers on the way because Violet runs up to them and starts to dance along with the music. As they watch her, John takes his hand.
Mycroft raises his eyebrows. “I do not believe that it would suit me.” How utterly useless that would be - the legwork, the locations, the people to interact with. And all for such a small reward. Mycroft can appreciate that Sherlock enjoys the puzzle aspect of it, but there is so little use in it. If Sherlock was smart at all he could keep it as a little hobby, and go into serious things along with Mycroft himself. There is much more worth in running an entire country, certainly.
Sherlock seems to be making several stencils as well that he’ll then put together like a puzzle. He probably added in space to allow for the natural curves of the back, John thinks, there’s a lot of adjusting in terms of body shape when it comes to geometrical tattooing. It’s a proper headache actually; it all needs to fit perfectly. John doesn’t envy him.
The car pulls away. John searches for his phone. It’s in his pocket - the same pocket it always is - but still it takes a while to find it. John unlocks the screen, and he can see five missed messages, including four from Sherlock, but he selects the one from Mycroft. “I am working late tonight, so perhaps tomorrow? MH”
So Mycroft says, “You are aware I was worried about the pregnancy.” It’s not something he would normally admit outright, but the best way to lie is to reveal a minor truth.
They’re ferried back to the studio for a late lunch, but when John gets out of the van, he spots Mike gesturing at him from behind the studio’s corner.
John’s so close too. Sherlock reaches between them to pull John off, and he starts moving his hips again and keeps on fucking him with his spent cock. It doesn’t take much at all. John’s eyes roll back into his head as a wave of unstoppable pleasure builds within him and he comes, arse spasming around Sherlock’s cock.
. But John pulls himself together, and then puts a hand on Mycroft’s shoulder - even higher than Sherlock’s, he’s going to get a crick in his neck at this rate – and one on his side.
The smell is all around them. John’s come. Sex. Sherlock feels shaky, now. He glances at John. Moving away will be difficult since John is blocking the way. Sherlock really wants to wipe his hand on something, but there’s nothing close by except his own trousers, and that would ruin them. If they aren’t already, he doesn’t know whether any of it got on the sofa or his clothes.
He grabs it, immediately awake and focussed, and listens to Anthea’s voice with a growing sense of dread. There is a crisis with the Iranian contacts.
Violet slides off his lap. John carries William, and they go have a look. It’s a mess. The duvet looks as if it’s been in a war of some sort. There’s white dust everywhere.
The coffin is positioned in front of the church. And next to it, on the front row, a white-haired man that John recognises. The one Christmas that John met Mr. Holmes, John already thought that he did not sound a thing like either Mycroft or Sherlock -  their parents seemed so ridiculously normal. But the man’s downturned shoulders and old, grey suit make it even clearer.
Sherlock says, “I would have thought it to be obvious, John.” with a slight breathlessness that John can’t unhear.
Doesn’t it? John’s not sure what to say. ‘But I want you?’ He could want someone else, too, if he tried. ‘But it makes sense?’ For all the reasons it does, it also doesn’t.
Sherlock’s tattoo does have some old school flavour, John thinks, but in a way only Sherlock could come up with. That plane is perfect. And the bees are just him. A tad crazy, but detailed and researched. He
Sherlock sits by the kitchen table late at night, soothing William to sleep while he writes his vows.
Mycroft briefly looks at the sofa. No, his back is much too delicate to sleep there. It’s kind of John, but if Mycroft would attempt that now, he is not optimistic that he would be able to stand in the morning. “No, thank you.”
Sherlock has thought about what happened between them endlessly, and seeing John fail at dating makes him wonder, should he offer to give John a hand job again? Could they be ‘friends with benefits’, something that Sherlock thinks is a ridiculous concept, but maybe it’ll appeal to John?
John wanks in the shower, thinking of Sherlock suddenly walking in and saying, ‘I want you, John,’ into his ear, a hard cock against his back.
“So this is, with my flatmate, it’s the next best thing, right?” John smiles charmingly, he always thought that women liked that, anyway. A man who loves kids? Who’s all settled down?
John leans in to kiss him. Or he tries to, he’s surprised Sherlock and it’s an awkward angle so it’s a quick hit of John’s lips hard against his.
John rolls to Mycroft’s side. He looks rather ruffled. Mycroft does not know what he looks like himself, but he can still feel his legs shaking. Orgasming over John’s face that way, it was so very… indecent.
There’s a bit of a silence, and Mycroft eyes him. John knows it’s weird, coming here, they don’t exactly have that sort of a relationship, do they? But he’s come here to say something, and he will. John takes a slow breath. Then admits, “I wanted one. A kid.”
John’s seen it done before. Bonds happening right when they’re losing someone, right when it’s needed. It’s the kind of thing doctors talk about. It’s rare, it takes the desire to help, care - love, really. John never thought he’d see Sherlock do it. That he would even try. For Mycroft.
Sherlock is feeding her dinner when John comes home. She’s making a mess of it, spitting half of it out again and laughing at it. John smiles at them, says, “Hello, Violet!”
Sherlock prepares the slides, and then feels a thrill at the first result. He knew it! No heroin in her blood. She was dead before they injected her.
He had enough money to waste. His combat pay was right there in his bank account, and he had no future to save it for. So John lived on the routine of ink, blood, and applying cling film wraps and lotion to various bits of his body. And slowly, he pulled himself together into someone he could recognise again.
let Sherlock cry for hours and hours. Mycroft figured out how to change him. How to soothe him. How to be there for him.
John walks up the stairs and into the living room. Sherlock is behind the kitchen table, doing something with a collection of Petri dishes. John can see a small slice of pancreas.
Sherlock urgently puts his hand on himself and starts pulling himself off, fast. John swallows heavily, his chest thudding just watching this. Sherlock’s eyes widen, his hand falters, John squeezes his arse and he gasps, then…
Sherlock would take her as a client himself, if he had the choice. Which makes it even more surprising that while Bainbridge and Raz deliberate, they explicitly glance at her and then look his way. Sherlock calmly returns their gaze. If they believe that this will throw him, then they know
, Mycroft always does - but he holds back and just nods. “Sherlock.” He brushes a hand over Violet’s curls. “See you in a bit.”
It’s three in the afternoon. There is some bleak February winter light falling through the windows. Mycroft was resting, supposedly, but John got his text and…
John looks so content that Sherlock can feel himself fill with warmth by just looking at him. “He’s still unsure. You need to make him feel that it’s real. That you’re committed to him.”
But then there is the next nervous-looking man – investment banker – stressed – took the tube here – closeted bisexual - dates women - and Sherlock focuses on him. Sherlock takes off his trousers and pants, and then leans over the sofa.
Mycroft can feel himself getting aroused at the thought, but he refuses to get up and deal with it, not like this. “You paint a graphic picture. M”
They were mates at uni, once. Then Mike dropped out and John didn’t see him again until years later when he - wrapped up in cling film and stinging with the bliss of a new tattoo - ran into Mike in a park and realised that shop he’d been eyeing near Barts with the great artwork was Mike’s very own.
They bring the syringe in as evidence, and then there’s the moment where normally, before, they’d go out to dinner to celebrate. Sherlock does glance at him again, but he doesn’t suggest anything. And John’s tired of being the one that has to put in the work, of being the one that tries to make it feel right. Who even knows what Sherlock wants? Whether he wants him here. Whether he cares.
Sherlock instinctively rocks Violet back and forth. Her cries are sputtering out. He isn’t sure whether bonding has anything to do with it, but he can feel the happiness radiate from his skin. He feels like he can finally breathe, now.
John wraps his arms around Sherlock in a quick half-hug that involves Violet as well, and seems to be more about him reaching out than anything else. Sherlock returns it, stiffly.
Mycroft walks beside him. For a moment, he doubts himself for even asking John along for this. John is simply doing him a favour, most likely. It cannot be that he enjoys this.
He never truly understood its power. Oh, he had some hormone-fuelled dalliances in his youth, certainly. He experienced heats, some so intense that it felt as if he would lose his entire being in the moment of desire, in the warm flush of bodies. He certainly enjoyed it at the time. But his mind was always his more precious commodity.
Seeing Father hold William was nerve-wracking and Mycroft very nearly grabbed him from Father’s uncertain grip – decorum be damned.
Bloody hell. Sherlock steps away as soon as he’s done, but John is still wavering, full of... everything.
And, John thinks - drinking his fifth pint of the hour, the barman’s giving him looks now - maybe that’s exactly what he did always know. Sherlock’s not like that. He doesn’t feel that. The whole getting married thing underlines it. Sherlock assumes that that’s how it goes, so he asked. He probably doesn’t feel a thing, because if he did, he’d know that it hurts. It fucking hurts, to finally have this, and it’s not working. It hurts so much that he wants to hit something, or shout, or… John drinks, instead.
It feels like yet another small betrayal to himself. Mycroft was going to suffer this alone, and then tell them the news as some benevolent entity:
As Mycroft stands there, he realises that he never should have let John see so much of him. Let so many of his defences down. John can read him, or at least some of him - Mycroft has never kissed anyone who knew him half as well as John does.
Sherlock made certain to clarify, but John seems to want him, glaring flaws and inadequacies and all.  John said, “I’m here for as long as you’ll have me.” And the meaning of that is still... Sherlock can barely believe it.
He puts Violet in her car seat, and turns towards Sherlock. “Do not teach my child any bad manners, would you?”
Mycroft does not stay long. He simply throws him a “Sherlock,” that Sherlock forgets to return until Mycroft’s already left the room. He was thinking about brains. Then nerve growth. He wonders if Molly has a foetus handy to biopsy. Will she be disturbed if he asks? Is unborn life somehow more precious? Sherlock does not see the difference, but he considers that she might - sentiment.
John breathes by his neck, licks him there, then asks, “That’s what you want?” John pushes the knot of the dildo in and bites down again, this time without reservation.
Mycroft remembers that tone from his own childhood. Father, sharing his very basic knowledge about nature. Mycroft cannot remember ever enjoying it himself, but Sherlock used to love the little walks around the garden when he was young. Mycroft allows Father to take Violet’s hand and show her the rest of the plants. He’s blabbering on while she stares at him, transfixed.
“Yes, yeah, they’re saying so.” John sounds distant. He seems much more affected that Mycroft himself is, nearly unable to speak.
“The judges have decided.” Mike raises his voice. “The artist going home is...” He looks between all three of them to ramp up the tension. “…Raz.”
For their child. And, yes, in a selfish way, Mycroft would like to be seen like that himself, even for just a short moment. Even if it is just to bridge these months of hormones. The one and only time this could happen.
“Not infatuation.” John stands there, on the threshold, hoping that it’s not too late. “Or not for me it wasn’t.”
It was mentioned several times last night, and Mycroft has to admit that it was also one of the first things that crossed his mind when he heard.
Sherlock looks back to John, who seems to be vibrating with the release of tension as he breathes out slowly. John takes Sherlock’s hand and slides the ring over his finger. It feels a bit warm from being in John’s grip. It fits. Sherlock looks at it, then turns to the others.
John turns, too. It feels a bit secretive, the both of them on the bed like this. Like they’re about to whisper. “So you can officially call me an idiot.” John laughs, a little, and he can see a smile appear on Sherlock’s face.
He’s looking good. Mike’s getting better at the presenting thing, John thinks, he sounds a lot more natural. They’re all learning, aren’t they?
John takes his laptop to his room, and checks his profile again. Two more messages that he needs to reply to. A lonely housewife - she claims, anyway - and someone with the nickname ‘mistressofyou’.
Mycroft is guided into a large dressing room, mirrors on every wall, and John is standing on a step, being measured. He is in a dark grey, the colour nothing drab but instead flattering on him. The tailor is currently adjusting the line of his shoulders, which is why John does not see him immediately.
And then right after that, there was a case. Better than they’ve had in months, really, a crime gang dressing up as Christmas carollers, collecting information and engaging in grand-scale fraud. John has to admit that there’s something rather hilarious in seeing Sherlock squint at every caroller and Santa in London, attempting to catch the fake ones.
He knows that with every try, every month he gets older, there is less chance of this succeeding. He cannot help but be aware of the increasing sense that he is trying for the impossible. That he is putting this strain on his body for no advisable, or even sane, reason.
Sherlock gets out of the bed at one point, either because he’s decided that they’ve bonded enough or he’s just too uncomfortable, John doesn’t know. Sherlock takes a chair and stays close, though.
Sherlock could open the window and shout. He could get up and follow him. But he doesn’t. He sits there, looking at the soldier, observing every detail, and tying it into his mind while the soldier walks away.
Mike commences the judging, “You put your own bodies on the line for this flash challenge. Let’s see how you did. Molly, you are up first.”
It goes on for a long time. It feels like John’s fingers have always been there, pulling something uncomfortable away from him. But Sherlock does come, eventually. His toes curl, and he remembers to fake a moan when his stomach twitches and he spills in John’s hand. It hurts slightly.
Actually, thinking of Violet, John’s not sure about ringing the doorbell. He might wake her. He takes his phone and calls Mycroft instead.
They have been bonded for almost two years now, and it has become a constant. A feeling that he is glad to receive, a bond that he feels down to his bones is right. It has felt nothing but positive between them in the last year, and Mycroft has not had a reason to doubt it in a long time. But Sherlock never had to deal with this amount of hormones, with Mycroft this near a heat. It is deeply suggestive, and he does know that. Mycroft feels a pinch of guilt - he did not need this, not truly. He asked simply for the chance that it might help.
Even Sherlock has been taking it well. Other than his first reaction - thinking that it was John’s, honestly! Mycroft is aware of where that came from, but he would have hoped for a little more reason from Sherlock - he has seemed quite interested. Not as vocal as John, but Mycroft has caught the small looks of concern. The thinly-veiled questions about his health. The quick recommendation to stop eating tuna because of its mercury content.
John had thought about asking Sherlock privately and letting it just be the two of them there, but then he realised why he’s doing this. It’s about promising forever to Sherlock in front of everyone, isn’t it? So John invited the people they know best. They were only too happy to play along.
Mycroft tilts his head. “Was it not easier to get a ride? Public transport is rather…” He pulls a face. “...
Sherlock plays some low music. John smiles and pulls him in close. They begin. “One, two, three. One, two, three…”
Mycroft sounds careful. “If you want to. I will understand if it is not the type of responsibility you feel comfortable with, naturally…”
wanted to prepare, so he indulged her. She’s been knitting booties and tiny jumpers with her knitting group, as well as pushing endless home baked cakes and sweets onto Mycroft.
“Yes.” Sherlock smiles back. He can feel the happiness of it, this went well, but it’s drowned by fear, too. He cannot mess this up.
- John trusts him. He trusts Mycroft. John saw Mycroft’s face when he told them he wasn’t pregnant, and now as well - too scared of everything that might go wrong to be happy yet. Mycroft wants this. They all do.
It feels strange to be back. The smell of disinfectant and bad coffee. The gleaming floors. Sherlock used to come here once a week at least, but it’s been months now. He only comes to work here when the cases truly need it, and when they don’t have Violet.
Sherlock is very mindful not to jostle the bed at least. And despite his reservations about the location, Mycroft
Sherlock picks up formula at the shop, and John feels indignant, actually. So now he can do the shopping after all?
The next morning - on the day before the wedding - all three of them take a stroll to the park at Violet’s insistent request.
Mycroft answers Sherlock first. He says, “The Provence flavour of the lavender will complement your goats cheese better, I believe. M”
“Here, I…” John takes her from Mary. Rosie’s warm, and John automatically shushes her while she hides her face in his shirt.
Mary’s coming down the stairs with Rosie wiggling in her arms and a handbag slung over her shoulder. Rosie’s babbling, “Da da da,” and Mary says, as she walks by, “Don’t forget that back piece is coming in for a consultation at noon.”
And Mycroft turns to him and kisses him gladly. He can taste himself in John’s mouth. He can feel the slick heat between his legs, a wish stronger than any other. So he offers, damned into it, as always, “You can have me, John.”
Mike takes the folded piece of paper by his hand and reads it. “The judges have decided. The best tattoo of the day is…”
Mycroft texts back. “Irrelevant. Name your location and the date. M” None of these things are above arranging, and he will bribe anyone needed.
But it’s all he can think about. He has no idea what Mycroft would want, but it honestly doesn’t matter, because every single thing he can think of does it for him.
Three clients walk into the studio. The first is a young bloke with a bright green mohawk, thick glasses, and some Hindi facial tattoos. Then a young woman in a fifties dress with a beautiful pinup on her leg. The last is an older man, bald, with two full Oriental arm sleeves.
There’s a small pause, and it lies between them. Mycroft can easily see half a dozen tells – nerves, John steadied himself before walking in here, but he came with a purpose.
Two days later, Father comes by for a baby visit. Mycroft refuses to deal with him more than sending a car to pick him up and glowering from the edge of the room, so Sherlock gets to introduce William.
Mycroft feels a brief flicker of annoyance, not this again, he already talked about this with John. Mycroft severely doubts that John Watson - the man who is entirely besotted with Sherlock, who is loyal, and kind, and who is currently raising a child along with Sherlock for no other reason than that they appear to want to - would need Sherlock to ‘fake’ it.
, please.” Mycroft corrects John because while it was not as much of an issue when she was newly born, she will start speaking in a matter of months. He does not wish to be known as ‘daddy’ for the rest of his life, no matter how charming John seems to find the thought.
“No.” Sherlock can’t do this with someone else around, he can’t. John wants to help - John wants to cure him, make it feel all better. But he can’t cure this, can he?
Sherlock feels a brush of jealousy seeing it, although he’s not sure if it’s about the kiss, or just John’s face at getting a present. Sherlock didn’t get him a gift. They never give each other Christmas presents. Worse, though, he can see Molly glance at him immediately with an expression full of compassion.
John lays awake part of the night thinking about it. It’s probably true what Sherlock said, that he’ll stay if he can have someone else. He’ll feel better, probably, right?
Then it’s back to the morgue for the next one. Sherlock picks a banker who had a heart attack. She actually did die of a heart attack, but they were on the verge of losing their house, and her wife helped it along a bit by switching her medication.
John approves. He pulls Mycroft over him a little, then kisses him. It’s uncoordinated, and John can feel Mycroft’s knuckles brush his stomach as he fists him just a tad too loosely, but this, god, to be
“First of all, thank you all for coming. And for the speeches.” He waits for some of the murmurs to die down, and then goes on, “I’ve been so lucky, to get to marry this one.”
John doesn’t notice that they’re dates, but he seems to like it anyway. He smiles often. He seems happy.
Mycroft starts towards the hall, and John follows, clearly willing to end this conversation. But Mycroft does not feel the sense of surety that he had anticipated in making his decision clear to John. He feels now as if he would only need to speak a word or two, strike the right tone, and the warm, subtle tension between them would break into something heated. Then John would kiss him again, they would go upstairs and find out what it feels like to share this.
Is he wearing dog tags? Sherlock reaches out and touches the soldier’s chest to pull them out so he can feel them brush against his back during sex. But no such luck. Still, the man’s chest is warm, the fabric of his shirt is intriguing, and Sherlock traces his hand over the curve of the soldier’s soft stomach. He sucks it in with a self-deprecating look.
John feels a flash of worry. He texts, more serious now, “Anything I can do? JW” Then, “I can go buy you digestives – loads. Or sparkling water?” Then, more amused, “I’d offer to hold your hair back, but… JW”
John does not seem to think it is odd at all. Mycroft hands it to John, and he opens the cap, smiles, drips some of the lubricant onto his fingers, and slowly spreads it around. Mycroft cannot be entirely certain that he will enjoy this now, but considering that only the tickle of John’s fingers is enough to make him shudder, he is reasonably convinced that he will.
John texts twice a day, asking how he is. Mycroft finds it peculiar to describe his physical state to John, but he knows that John only asks so he can pass it on to Sherlock, so he replies to his every enquiry.
John leaves his hand close enough to Mycroft’s that it brushes his skin almost accidentally as the car moves. “It’s that story about the two male penguins, Molly gave it to us as a present. It’s a bit too complicated for her but she likes it.”
Sherlock sits down again. He’s not sure about touching himself. His skin feels magnified, as if every touch there would be too much. It’s cold, his legs have goose bumps.
Mycroft - without any thought as to why he should not, without a single hesitation - calls Sherlock.
Sherlock mumbles into John’s ear, “Only forty-eight percent of newlyweds report having sex on their wedding night.”
Even if he had to have ridiculous conversations with Inspector Lestrade, Miss Hooper and Mrs. Hudson, Mycroft assumes it is all part of the duty of parenthood.
He’s wrong, of course. Sherlock was always a junkie, and he always will be. Even more so when sober.
He does know that Mycroft has had sex occasionally. But out of anyone, Mycroft should be able to see how whatever desire their bodies have, it’s nothing compared to the importance of the mind.
John says things like that regularly. Mycroft prefers not to say too much since he finds words to be treacherous in situations like this, in moments that are so starkly defined by their bodies, their want, and their sacrifice of touch for each other. He kisses John’s penis, gently. John’s hand curls around his neck, making him shiver.
Sherlock’s eyes flicker over him. John doesn’t know why, is it the reference to sleeping in someone else’s bed being dating, or it being about Mycroft? Sherlock lifts Violet. “No.”
John doesn’t really have anywhere in mind, but Sherlock always seems to know something. They end up in an Iranian place eating flatbread, hummus, and eggs, and it’s weird but nicely flavoured, so John eats his fill.
John leans back and takes his hand away. “If you want to talk, or anything…” John’s face pulls. He seems strangely emotional. “I’m here, yeah?”
John knows he’s been using her. He tries to be good to her, he does try, but he’s cancelling often. He ignores her half of the time when she calls, too.
He rings the buzzer. Either the attendant’s been warned in advance - CCTV - or John wouldn’t be surprised if there’s a photo of himself somewhere in the Diogenes Club saying ‘let this man in’, because the door opens to a butler-type in a suit, and he gets ushered in.
When Sherlock kissed him on that rooftop, John thought he’d burst in two with love for that insane bastard of a man.
John gets to stitch up a laceration in the afternoon, and he’s glad of it. The bloody, gaping wound slowly turns into a neat row of stitches under his gloved hands. It’s something he can fix, at least. Something he can do. He still has a headache. Nearly falls asleep in his office.
, it’s all he wants. John’s pretty much there already. He tries to hold back, to enjoy it just a moment more, but Mycroft’s hand is building such a good rhythm that John can’t do anything but bury his face into Mycroft’s neck and give in. He comes all over Mycroft’s hand.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “It’s not because you always consider yourself above such things that –“ Mycroft, in one smooth movement, sticks his snowball underneath Sherlock’s scarf.
It’s not. None of that watercolour style tends to age well - it all blurs into bruise-like tattoos over time. Mary will do some of those occasionally, but John’s not a fan. Then again, if it’s what the client wants...
And then he walked out, and Sherlock was left to analyse the aftermath of sober sex. To compare this man to all those who have touched him in the past as well, back when Sherlock still believed that he was capable of human connection. Sherlock reminds himself of what they said. What
He is, even more so than Violet was, a frequently held baby. Sherlock spoils him the worst in this - nearly every time Mycroft sees them together Sherlock is either holding William or wearing the sling across his chest. And every time he sees it, Mycroft is reminded of Sherlock as a baby and his endless crying. It is entirely logical that Sherlock, unconsciously or not, wants to hold his own child constantly. Logical that he wants to give William that which he himself lacked most.
Sherlock tries not to show any outward signs of annoyance. These vapid explanations are par for the course in a television show. Also, John is sitting next to him.
Mycroft takes John in. The lines of the suit are already visible, and yes, he was right, John is slimmer than his usual clothing gives him credit for.
It’s not even that Sherlock’s particularly great in bed - the opposite, actually, he’s stilted and awkward. It’s just that it’s enough feeling Sherlock’s hand there, smelling him, knowing it’s him. A single touch from Sherlock, and John’s whole body seems ready to go. It’s always been like that, hasn’t it?
It felt good to know that John was enjoying it. To hear the faint movement of John’s hand. The change in John’s voice from embarrassment, to intrigue, to enjoyment. The tense pitch of pleasure when he came. It was wonderful to hear, and to be a part of it.
Mycroft feels briefly mortified. But John’s laughter is contagious, and he attempts not to be overly embarrassed. He locates his handkerchief and gives it to John. “...My apologies.”
He observes the calm expression on John’s face. There are some bags under John’s eyes, but it seems to suit him remarkably well, this life. And Mycroft can see the love radiating off Sherlock, as could anyone. Mycroft wouldn’t be surprised if Sherlock has been announcing to random strangers that he has a child.
Sherlock, shockingly, doesn’t even notice at first. About a day later, he deduces, “You’re staying home tonight, you’re wearing a jumper. Why?”
Sherlock keeps looking at him, his lips slightly opened, throat working as he swallows. “I know how to have sex.”
Mycroft looks outside and wonders how one dresses to visit a park in high summer. The more casual clothing he owns is more country wear, but it is not suited for this. In the end, he settles on light cotton trousers, casual shoes, a shirt, and a waistcoat. He would prefer to dress Violet in one of the beautiful dresses she has, but Mycroft has learned that when dressing a child, one needs to think of play first. So Violet gets shorts and a plain striped t-shirt that the nanny bought her.
Instead, Sherlock reveals the cups of coffee from behind his back and presents them to John. “The Papua New Guinea Virgin Mountain blend with taste notes of brown sugar, honeydew melon, and persimmon.”
His choice is entirely expected. Even though Bainbridge is not an exceptional artist, he has spoken out in favour of Raz’s work, and they are of a similar age. Their talents are not as compatible, but a team challenge is primarily about the ability to cooperate, Sherlock imagines.
“Of course.” Sherlock starts unbuttoning his shirt, then shrugs it off and puts it on John’s tattooing bench.
For some reason, John had always assumed that Violet’s room here would be rather dull. Maybe like Mycroft’s library, grand and expensive, sure, but not really suited for kids. Instead, John can see cuddly toys everywhere, a collection of trains, a bookcase stuffed with children’s books, and there is a whole forest of trees and birds painted onto the wall. John’s not sure if Mycroft paid a designer some hefty sum to make this room child-appropriate, but looking at all the bird themes, he thinks that Mycroft must have had a hand in it at least. That he did this for her.
Then, Sherlock planned all the wedding details during the long, empty days and nights where he was without John. Every moment was aching with loneliness and the idea that he
John’s in a great mood that evening, there is a bounce to his step. And so Sherlock, in some haze of happiness, asks him to go to Angelo’s.
The ground under his knees would be enough to get him off, the fabric draped over his back, the air, being in John’s room, all of it. And John is so close, looking at him with heat in his gaze. John opens his mouth, and Sherlock already knows what he’s going to say. “No.”
Mycroft studiously ignored the shape of Sherlock’s arousal and the tell-tale smell. He ignored John as well, who was clearly more than intrigued by watching them. He managed the discomfort of it.
So John reads the article with a small space between his leg and Sherlock’s. And then gives him his opinion, which turns into both of them watching TV, with Sherlock staying right there, occasionally commenting on the plot.
John nods. He starts to walk out, then hesitates and says, “Celebrate with Molly, yeah? Have a...” He swallows. “A good birthday.”
Mycroft rolls his eyes at him. “I haven’t done this in twenty years, Sherlock!” But he dances on gamely.
John doesn’t have that slightly over-the-top edge when he thinks he will have sex soon anymore. Mycroft said no.
Still, it bothers him that he cannot predict the moment when John will choose to end it. Mycroft searches for it every time that he has John in bed with him - the signs of repulsion, impatience with his clumsiness, his growing belly and his fatigue. John does most of the work, and he would be right to complain. He would be right to choose not to have sex with his bloated, giant self now, and choose another.
Considering he had about three hours of sleep in the last forty-eight, John doesn’t think he should be doing any doctoring, and he takes the next day off, too.
“I have executed an extensive chest piece over scarring less than two years ago.” Sherlock collects his portfolio and hands it to her opened at the right page.
Mummy also would have told him that it was time for speech therapy and basic sign language and flash cards and independent reading, and whatever else she could think up.
Sherlock bonded to Mycroft. Sherlock spoke to him. Sherlock held Mycroft’s hand and Mycroft didn’t push him away.
Violet figures out how to roll over, and they can’t leave her unsupervised on the bed anymore. Or the floor. Or anywhere.
John walks out exactly on time, wearing his jacket. As he sees him, he smiles, first. And then as it sinks in, his expression shifts somewhat. When John reaches him, he says, “I know, I’m sorry, he just…” John sighs. “He pressed me, and I told him, and then… well, I’m still hung-over.”
Violet does not have a single cousin, or anyone her age as family. Mycroft is an older parent, and he is very aware that when he is gone, and when Sherlock is gone, Violet will be completely alone. It is a grim thought, yes, but it is something to consider.
Sherlock says, “There’s a thirty-four percent chance of showers so far, but only in the hours before eleven AM.”
It simply took up too much time, being dependent on a hormonal cycle. He could not afford the luxury of taking days off every couple of months to mindlessly sate his body, not when there was work to be done. And once he was used to living with the suppressants, he never truly missed it. He could still enjoy sex, but even that tapered off throughout the years. There were simply other things that were more pressing and more worthy of his time.
Mycroft first brushes his teeth to get rid of the taste, then dabs a cold, damp towel on his face, uncertain of what he should do.
“Hiya, John.” Bainbridge breaks the moment when he takes a seat next to him and asks, “How did it go?”
John goes along to the crime scene, but all he really can do is draw the same conclusions Anderson already did - suffocation, but no apparent cause.
It’s the first time John has ever mentioned anything about his father. Sherlock isn’t sure what to say. Should he ask more?
“Because you worked on the ribs, some lesser lines are acceptable,” Irene says. “But I can see a lot of them.”
After a couple of minutes of silence, Sherlock says, “Did you see the microscope?” He knows Mycroft did.
Sherlock can feel his heart tear, because no, John’s hands all over him there, the thought alone is enough to make him shudder. Maybe, if he gets deep into his mind palace, he can get hard, and probably even come, too. But not like this, not this close by.
The student is still waiting and staring at his arse. So Sherlock says, through numb lips, “Fuck me.” The student crawls over him, leans over Sherlock with all of his weight, and starts to thrust. Sherlock’s face is pushed into the side of the sofa, again and again, his wet cheeks sliding over the leather. Sherlock finds it hard to focus. He is nearing the blank resolution of the end of a night like this. But no - John. John still.
It is high summer. Mycroft is well into his third trimester, and it is as incredible to know that he really made it this far, as it is tiring to actually have to live through it.
Sherlock can answer that immediately - for John to stay, forever. For none of this to ever go away. But it’s not going to be enough for John.
Standing there, with other parents all around, John wonders again about what they’re trying to do here. Have another baby, of the two of them.
John’s in the middle of drawing the left atrium when he feels Sherlock lean over his shoulder. He brought in the cold air.
John leans back. “Yeah, that’s…” He eyes him, and there’s a flash of fear there. “Why would you even...” John gets up, finds an opened book on the table, and puts it aside with an annoyed movement. Then shakes his head. “Sherlock, why would you even
John smiles at him, and Mycroft can feel a tight, hot ball in his stomach. John comes closer and, with a glance, pulls him into a kiss.
Yes, Mycroft despises posing for pictures. He always has. Sherlock notes, “We don’t have a single image with the five of us.”
“No.” Sherlock looks him over. The shape of an owl with its wings closed is oblong, but the tattoo needs to be fully readable from a single perspective, which means that in order to fit onto this arm, it would need to be scaled down by at least thirty percent.
John leans over and pulls Mycroft close. The feeling of John’s arms pulling him in is enough for Mycroft to feel a throb of pain deep inside of him. He leans his forehead against John’s shoulder.
John blinks, and replays their previous conversation. “Sherlock, did you just text Mycroft about my...”
John has seemed happy, lately. He also took a clear stand in favour of the three of them parenting together - Sherlock has heard John’s comments. He stored them in his mind palace and added them to the solid structures there.
Mary hasn’t replied to his text yet. But then she’s busy, probably. It’s a normal weekday, so Rosie’s off to nursery, and Mary’s likely tattooing right now as well. John can imagine her in their shop, bent over some bright colour work, a strand of her hair falling into her eyes.
Maybe she’ll have a dog someday. Sherlock can’t see Mycroft condoning that, but then who knows, maybe. It’s good for a child to have a dog, Sherlock remembers that. Except that they die. That everything always leaves, and ends.
But no. John takes in Mycroft’s familiar face, his expression. They know each other well enough now that at least he’s not going to be livid, John thinks. He hopes not, anyway.
Sherlock brings Violet to the car, and Mycroft hesitantly puts a hand on his arm, hidden by the door from view. “Congratulations, Sherlock.”
The rest of the time is spent with Sherlock simply holding her, and then a short moment of panic when she starts to make a rather expressive poo face. John hasn’t changed a nappy in a while but he does have a fair amount of young patients, so he at least knows the basics. Sherlock seems properly impressed with his technique, anyhow.
It’s because Mycroft is coming over so often, otherwise they never would have gotten that involved. John can feel the idea of a little one in Baker Street shaping in his mind as well. John’s not sure how much babysitting they’ll do, or how much Mycroft will allow them to, really. But he wouldn’t mind having her around a bit.
John glances at the door. He is clearly wondering whether he should leave them alone. He is about to make an excuse of some sort, when Mycroft says, “I heard from the Armenians.”
He kisses the side of Sherlock’s neck, tastes his skin and his tattoos, bites until Sherlock’s breathing stutters. His hands roam over Sherlock’s sides, his back – careful of the tattoo – his
Sherlock takes a shivering breath, and John rubs his cheek against Sherlock’s, then finds his lips again, and kisses him deeply, full of everything he can’t say.
He’s holding William, wrapped in a nice blanket. There are no files lying next to his chair, or books. Just a used bib and a half-empty bottle. Mycroft’s wearing a dressing gown. He looks exhausted, and as far as John can tell, he was just staring into space. He seems taken aback to see him. “John?”
He is watching John charm her, which is why he does not immediately see it when Sherlock approaches. Sherlock is already by his side when he says, “Next dance is a waltz.”
A familiar smell coming from one of Sherlock’s test tubes. Embalming fluid, maybe. Some rotting human tissue.
Mycroft has found himself being shorter with Violet as well, less patient with her crying and tantrums. He always tries to control his responses, but it is difficult when his entire body drags, his head stabs, and Violet screams on top of it about something entirely insubstantial. Like that she cannot find a toy when it is right in front of her, or that she does not want to eat or sleep.
A month ago, Sherlock still would have carried Violet down the stairs, but now she insists on going herself and determinately takes every step. As slow as she is, Sherlock lets her. Stopping her will result in another tantrum.
Sherlock briefly glances at Mycroft after the mention of his drug abuse, but Mycroft seems calmly intrigued.
Sherlock opens his lips obediently. He can feel John’s face against his own. John’s breath. The tickle of John’s hair.
wave of misery. Mycroft breathes through shuddering sobs that make his stomach incision ache intolerably. He cries as quietly as he can.
And such a wish is entirely alien. Or at least it should be to Mycroft, it should feel like a breach to his deepest self, a change that is sudden and painful and does not suit him in the least, this business of craving another.
Once there, John checks his phone and sees that he has a grand total of twenty-three unread messages.
He can see John’s eyes busily flutter over his various geometrical tattoos while he undresses. Hidden within the decorative designs, there are structural chemical formulas. Sherlock used stereochemistry, projections, and conformations to build his chest piece. Heroin is in there. Cocaine as well, alongside various other substances. Does John recognise the chemical makeup? Sherlock wants him to. He wants to be seen as he is - every line he drew upon himself. Every dot of pain he carries with him. John can know it all.
Sherlock was better in there than he was, John thinks. Mycroft pulled away when John tried to take his hand in the car. Mycroft completely ignored him throughout all of it, so John felt like he was utterly useless.
Mycroft looks at the file in front of him. “Actually,” He closes the file and gets up. “I can offer you a ride, if you wish.”
“So it’s a useless question, John.” Sherlock’s eyes settle on his hands, he’s looking at them tangle and untangle. But he’s talking, at least.
There are personal, embarrassing questions, and waiting in between, an hour where he is very conscious of his stomach. A birth is a parting of ways, a giving up of self, he is aware. He will never be this again, and while he is looking forward to the end, he can feel a sense of loss as well.
John studies the work for long moment, and Sherlock fights the urge to pull the sketch pad from his hands like a child would, while screaming that he wasn’t finished yet.
And why does everything always need to be so difficult! For once, Mycroft would like this to simply happen, as it seems to do to all those others. All those dull, ordinary people, who eat and have sex and fall in love. Who have families of rosy-cheeked children. Who laugh deep belly laughs and drink pints in pubs. These bizarre, ordinary creatures that Mycroft has never envied and never empathised with. Whom he finds distasteful. Horrid. Why is it that they can have this, and he cannot?
Mycroft fondly remembers the Sunday, months ago now, when John invited him to the park. It was just a simple outing, and John did say then that he would be willing to do it again, but still Mycroft hesitates before he texts him, “I am taking Violet to a park today. Perhaps you would like to accompany us? MH”
John manages to make a bottle, tests how hot it is by dripping some milk on his wrist, then sits on the sofa, puts a bib under William’s chin, and presses the teat to his mouth. William, after some false starts, takes it and starts to suckle. John watches him drink.
It’s 9am. Mary takes Rosie to nursery and ignores him on her way out. It’s fine - John’s used to it. They already weren’t talking before the competition. They already were unhappy. Or John was, at least. It’s just that he didn’t know it, then.
He should have given in straight away, obviously. He should have slept with John after that first dinner. He should have kissed John and held John every moment he was allowed to – he knows that now.
Sherlock asks, “Are you entirely sure that you want to marry me? Even though our relationship is not... satisfactory?”
It’s a soft-spoken older man, who says, “On my back.” The next is a young woman who wants a tattoo on her ribs. Then a bloke who wants his upper arm, a middle-aged woman who wants her hip done, and then last a muscled bloke who wants his shoulder.
to do anything. Sherlock tried reading to her, playing music, then lying next to her, but it took almost two hours before she was finally asleep.
Mycroft was fast, he’s already a fair bit away, walking next to the stones of the cemetery with his umbrella to his side.
John tells her, “I don’t think it was anything serious.” The kid’s crying more because he’s startled than anything else, John thinks. “It was an accident.”
he is, Sherlock, I would never contest that.” Mycroft looks at him, trying to underline how sincere he is. “You must know that.”
It’s nearly eleven by the time Mycroft has a bath himself and gets to bed. He is aware that if he were to attempt to sleep now, he would do nothing more than dwell on it, so he takes some paperwork with him to bed, piles the pillows behind his aching back, and works.
But it is pleasant enough. Sherlock obviously knew that he was invited, and he is in a good enough mood to play them some more complicated music than usual, Bach. John does not love it, and neither does Mrs. Hudson, so Mycroft knows that Sherlock chose it specifically because of his presence. He shows that he has understood by a small nod to Sherlock.
Sherlock doesn’t even lie awake for hours, next to John. He sleeps, almost normally. They are here, together.
. Sherlock’s breaths are gentle whispers against his cock. John can feel the soft brush of Sherlock’s cheek. The fluttering drag of his lips. The wet warm lick of his tongue.
Sherlock puts a hand on John’s neck again. He traces his nail where he just licked, it’s still wet with spit. John breathes out in a rush. “No.” This is perfect. John should masturbate, and Sherlock can bite him again during, it will almost be like bonding. “Do it here.”
“I do, yeah.” John traces Sherlock’s hipbones and his hot, sweaty stomach down to where his erection is. John can’t get his hand on it but Sherlock opens his trouser buttons for him, one after the other, then pushes his pants out of the way. John gets to see Sherlock’s cock bounce up, red and hard. John can
John did date while living with Sherlock last time around, or at least in the beginning - Sarah, some others. John had been fresh out of Afghanistan then, horny, and not getting anywhere with Sherlock. It was all pretty simple. Well, except that Sarah nearly got killed. And that they all dumped him.
Taking care of William is easier. Sherlock carefully tracks his weight and feedings and nappies, and he writes it all down in a new notebook that passes between all of them. It starts to feel as if they have that routine down again.
Mycroft looks at both of them, and either he misinterprets the grin, or he just wants to be done with it, because he says, sounding entirely put-upon, “If you wish to know, yes, I did have an amniocentesis. Everything was fine.”
Sherlock stays quiet, John’s not sure why. The women are all getting on though, and they’re carrying the conversation easily. John focuses on eating, although he barely tastes the food.
A young woman asks for, “A Paed Tid tattoo, which is known as the eight directions. It symbolises travel and it wards off evil spirits.”
Sherlock sinks down onto the sofa again. He feels cold to his core. He’s aware of the soreness in his body, as well of how
It’s horrible. He can’t keep the facts straight, can’t decide on anything. And then when they do find the killer, it was so incredibly obvious all along he feels like an idiot. Even Lestrade asks whether he’s all right.
Five hours later, John has a series of small burns on his wrists where the overalls shifted and his skin peeked through, as well as singes on his shoes.
They both laugh at it all the way to the arrest. Even once they’re home, Sherlock can still feel himself smiling.
John does most of the work, but Violet’s glee is explosive, she giggles and claps her hands and screeches all the way through a - frankly horrible - rendition of ‘Happy Birthday’. It is mostly spoken by both John and Inspector Lestrade, and sung by Mrs. Hudson, Miss Hooper and Sherlock - who is the only one who can carry a tune. Mycroft himself does not even attempt it, but he does watch Violet. He sees her look around in pure joy and knows that this is right for her.
The wind and exertion are making John’s face seem flushed and young. John is holding onto his arm steadily. And Sherlock, not sure why he’s doing it, steps closer on the uneven tiles, leans in, and kisses him.
John spends some time checking her over just in case - parents always appreciate that, he thinks. He’s aware that the next time he’ll hold one this little, it’ll be his own, too. The mother asks, “Do you have any children, Doctor Watson?”
“Today’s challenge is to create a sculpture made out of just one material: metal rods,” Mike continues. “Using angle grinders and welders, you must bend and connect metal rods to create a dynamic sculpture out of nothing but lines.”
He needs to get home. John seems to understand that much, at least, and he stays by his side while walking through the hospital corridor. But John’s presence doesn’t drown out the startled gasps of people suddenly smelling him. The low moans. The soft, longing sounds. Sherlock doesn’t even know what it is that they want so much. There’s nothing there but chemistry.
Sherlock checks John’s phone daily, but John doesn’t call her. Or add the number in his contact list.
Not now, when John heartily laughs at jokes. When John plays silly games with Violet. When John whistles while cooking and sings badly remembered pop songs in the shower.
Hah! “Yeah, what career? I’m a GP.” John goes on, “No, I want to.” Sherlock will need help managing a newborn and Violet. Mycroft, too. It makes sense. John looks back at Sherlock. “If it works out money-wise, too, but yeah.”
Mycroft does not hurry. He enjoys feeling John harden on his tongue, and to feel his thighs start to tremble. It is a pure pleasure to smell John, to tongue the smooth head, and to brush his lips over the length of him.
Mycroft is clutching a dressing gown and quickly disappears into it. John thinks that he looks utterly delicious like this, but he’s defensive after sex, John remembers. It’s the first time John’s slept over, too, so it doesn’t have to be any weirder than it already is - John takes his pants and changes the topic. “Right, I’ll see you tonight, and then the day after is Christmas Eve. You’ll be there at seven?”
“Mrs. Hudson let us go up to the loft and take anything that might work. Turns out there was more there than we thought.”
“Hello, John.” Sherlock is aware of his own unusual behaviour. But he could remain here for a moment, and then still go smoke if his presence is unwanted.
Mycroft blinks, aware that his vision has gone somewhat blurry, and that there is a press in the back of his throat. He feels suspended in this moment. Before he says the words.
John grins. He doesn’t doubt it is. He eyes him, and wants to pulls him close again, but Sherlock goes back to playing his violin. Something slow and sad.
Sherlock turns on the sofa and stares at the cushions. He can hear John come back after a couple of minutes, but it doesn’t matter.
Mycroft does know that he would do better to face this now to get it clear between them, but then what can he say that he has not said before?
He bites his lip. Sherlock can feel himself tremble nearly undetectably while John stretches him. John kisses his shoulder while he does it, and then his mouth. Sherlock lies back and allows John to move his fingers inside of him with growing confidence.
“I’ve noticed.” John grumbles, but he is laughing at the same time. He seems to know it for the apology it is.
The implantation goes as it did before. The doctor comes by to wish him good luck, Mycroft spends some extra time lying down, and admits to himself that he is indeed very ready for this part to be over. Not that early pregnancy will be easy at all, but at least it will be more of a familiar experience.
John catches him at it. He laughs and tilts the screen. It says, “I prefer more modern methods of torture personally, but then one cannot dismiss those of the past. Enjoy, John. M” and another, “Perhaps consider bringing some garlic or a crucifix. M”
It’s useless. Mycroft doesn’t need to understand. But still, Sherlock feels a sting that he doesn’t. If anyone would, if
John gets up off the sofa to make space. He pulls his trousers up and looks at Sherlock, already waiting to be buried under the next. The kid is getting ready to feed him his cock, so John leaves.
John sits down on the table across from him. “Better here than on the stairs.” It’s the flu, maybe? It’s not the season for it, but it’s hardly unusual. Unless he’s eaten some bad sushi. “You’ve been to see a GP?”
John likes it just fine when it’s playing pool and laughing at jokes. He loves the military camaraderie, he
They should have gone for weird, John thinks. Sherlock’s frustrated sound by his side is probably for similar reasons. They really did go for it on this one.
John knows that’s true. He’s seen the way Mycroft acts around his own father - there’s clearly not a lot of love lost there. John doesn’t know what happened, but he guesses the baby’s not going to be named after Daddy Holmes, either.
Mycroft takes Violet out of bed and wraps her in a blanket. He still feels some lingering nausea, but he is not certain whether it is the tension of this moment or a genuine medical issue.
Sherlock doesn’t say a word, takes his coat, and a blanket, puts Violet in the baby carrier, and he walks out.
John washes and shaves, wraps his tattoos, then dresses and sends a text Mary’s way saying good morning and that he’s ready for the next elimination tattoo. It’s like the war, this. He knows he needs to feel guilty. He will. But not yet. John could sleep in James’ arms and fight in the morning without a problem then, too.
“The birth of a child is considered good luck in all cultures, John.” Sherlock says it with such a look of mischievousness that John can feel it down to his toes. He averts his eyes, but Sherlock must have seen something of his reaction, because he walks closer, enough to bump his arm as they stride, and it’s comforting. It’s electric. It’s all John wants.
John’s ready and waiting by the door at least ten minutes earlier than necessary. He paces the hallway.
He moves his hand aside, and allows Sherlock to touch him. Sherlock reaches out hesitantly, so Mycroft takes his hand, and presses it where he knows he will feel the kicks quite clearly.
Sherlock starts on his shirt buttons, so John pulls at his own shirt as well. He wants to feel Sherlock, to see him naked, to hold him close. While they strip, John gazes at Sherlock and tries to memorise him just like he is now. His stunningly intricate tattoos, his body, all of him.
He was fucked by a team of Polish builders, the feeling of their callused hands rough on his skin. One kissed him with a lot of tongue, and Sherlock carefully recorded the act of affection in his mind palace. He had a Kenyan diplomat, a father of three who had just dropped off his oldest at Queens College. A trans man, once, who looked him in the eye while revealing what he must have thought was a shock – Sherlock knew as soon as he walked in. Sherlock let him fuck him for a long time.
John nods tiredly. He can feel the weight of all of this piling on top of him now. He made it to the final. This is what he wanted to do, but now he made it this far, he can’t be sure it’ll be enough.
No, that’s not what he needs to know. Stupid, too, as if only kissing where Sherlock can’t see would make it any less true. “You
Mycroft’s shirt has risen up over his stomach, and John feels his warm skin. It’s nice. He lets his hand trace the curve down until he finds a long, thin scar right at the base of his stomach. It’s from his C-section, John traces his fingers over it. “From Violet?”
There is the loud bang of John closing the door behind the student’s back. Sherlock, on his stomach on the sofa, smiles. He can take John, now. As the last one. Just the two of them, that seems right. Maybe he’ll stay the night. Would he do that?
He pushes his pyjama bottoms down, and spreads his legs. Mycroft holds the object, a dildo made to resemble an alpha’s privates in heat, under the covers. He presses the tip to his entrance.
Sherlock stays to help her dissect the liver, then takes some of the large intestine and puts it in a Tupperware box to take home. He says, “I have to go, John has had both the kids for a few hours now. Email me the stomach contents report?”
John picks that moment to come back, looking between them hesitantly. “Um.” He hands a cup of tea to Mycroft, who accepts it with a small nod. “Thank you, John.”
John kisses him. He touches Sherlock’s warm lips to his cooler ones and tastes cigarettes and rain between them in a quick, bright flash of feeling.
“She could, yes, but she will not.” Surely that isn’t the end of the world, many people grow up without siblings.
There are thirteen, Sherlock knows. His eyes linger on the designs for a moment, until Jim catches him at it and grins.
“Technically all right, but you can tell that you’re both tattoo artists and not car refinishers,” Irene says.
To his mild surprise, John does not forget what he had offered, because as soon as he is finished eating, John stands and mumbles a quick goodbye to the other artists. Sherlock follows him out with some relief.
Sherlock buttons up his shirt and glances in the mirror. The shirt does follow the curve of his chest perfectly – he is rather pleased with it.
John tangles his fingers with Mycroft’s, feeling a bit like an arse. It was properly nice of Mycroft to suggest it.
John’s not gone yet, though. “I called Mycroft. He’s doing well.” The echo of a smile. “You did it. It worked.”
Sherlock is sitting next to Molly today, but he is clearly more interested in checking his phone, and he mostly misses Molly’s prompt to include him in the conversation. “Do you have a favourite museum in London for tattoo inspiration, Sherlock?”
Mycroft turns, reaches out to the side table, and collects the small bottle of lubricant out of the top drawer. He ordered it a few days ago. He did not need it when he was pregnant, but he assumes he will now.
John can’t help but smile when he remembers Sherlock’s expression of utter confusion. John had been nervous as hell all through the day, but in the end, it had worked perfectly. Mycroft’s notes had been too difficult for Sherlock to decipher on his own, their contacts acted accordingly in their roles, and Sherlock hadn’t suspected a thing.
Sherlock hasn’t noticed him yet, and John stills, looks at Sherlock, and tries to feel like the arsehole he is.
Mycroft is depressed - Sherlock has suspected for a while. Mycroft has always been closed off, but there is something hollow about him now. It’s in the fine lines around Mycroft’s eyes and in the way he looks at William, as if he is calculating how to complete tasks for William’s wellbeing, instead of feeling the need to care for him emotionally.
Sherlock looks back at John, kneeling in front of him. It doesn’t seem real. Why would John do this? John doesn’t want to marry him. He’s
they’re somewhere good, together. Looking back, he has no idea how they even got here, but dammit, it was worth it.
“Both the mother and the school say she’s not.” Lestrade grabs his phone. “A week ago, she looked like this.”
Sherlock says, “Well, the solution to that is clear.” Violet looks at him. “We’ll have to run some more.” Sherlock lets her go, and then chases Violet to the kitchen, giving Mycroft and John a brief moment alone.
Mycroft wonders about the other men and women who were in there with him. How many will stop at their children’s bedrooms to say a quiet goodnight when they get home tonight? How many will crawl into bed with a sleepy spouse?
So he will be forgiven, Mycroft thinks. He watches Sherlock bathe Violet with obvious care. Then Sherlock lifts a towel-wrapped Violet up out of the water, and hands her to him. Violet puts her thin arms around his neck and holds on tight, happily trusting, while Sherlock finds her a clean outfit.
Sherlock hesitates. “I believe I should. Mycroft was not present when the nurses taught me how to properly…”
Not enough to make him feel the need to leave work, but he stops by Baker Street to collect Violet early with the intention of putting her to bed on time. He manages that - to feed her, bathe her, and put her to sleep - before he is on his knees in front of the toilet throwing up the meagre contents of his stomach.
Mycroft waits for John and Sherlock to join them. The doctor says politely, “Ah, yes, I believe we have met?”
Sherlock jumps up from the sofa with the sort of limber grace that John could only dream of, and they walk in step through the doors.
“No.” John hands the cigarette back, hand brushing Sherlock’s in a slow and entirely deliberate movement. Heat shoots through Sherlock’s spine at the touch.
anything about it, he is going to have a kid with him, and Mycroft - wisely, John can see that - doesn’t want to. But after all of that, Sherlock still doesn’t care, apparently.
They eat, and then John adds the finishing touches to his design. Soo Lin looks over the table. “It is beautiful, John.”
Still, it is not as miserable as the first months of nausea were. The physical aches and pains are easier to bear on the whole, and less disruptive to his schedule. It is very clear now why he is suffering this, and with a definite end date in sight, so that does tint it towards a temporary challenge. Something to manage for just a little while more.
“Right!” John smiles at Bainbridge, then looks over Bainbridge’s shoulder at Sherlock, still smiling.
Sherlock smiles a genuine smile at that, then looks back at his project and asks, “What’s the drink average per guest for the main course, considering that we’re serving the white before the red?”
Mycroft starts at the skin-to-skin contact. The feeling of John’s shape so close to his is still a novel thing.
Sherlock goes to Scotland Yard several times to give the statement, to explain the procedure and tests that proved it, and then because they have another couple of cases they want him to take a look at. Lestrade’s chuffed because they told him he did an admirable job. It’s all over the papers, too. He’s happy enough that Sherlock gets away with taking a pile of redacted police reports home for later.
John turns to him, pulls him in, and kisses him again. Softly, lazily, as if he has all the time in the world. Sherlock can feel the arousal in John’s body - his breathing is strained, and his erection bobs up insistently against Sherlock’s thigh - but he does not hurry at all. John’s kisses are devastatingly slow, his tongue roams gently, and Sherlock knows that John believes this might be the last time as well.
“No.” Part of Mycroft is relieved at that, because he remembers morning sickness quite vividly. He suffered a lot from it, and he is not exactly looking forward to dealing with it again. Twin pregnancies tend to produce more hormones, so the faster he does become ill, the more chance there is that there are two.
Sherlock once asked him for a child to repay his debt. Mycroft had then briefly argued against it, but he knows that in truth, it is exactly what he gave Sherlock with William. He tried to repay Sherlock by giving him what he desired. But now, because of it, Sherlock is again offering him so much in return. And Mycroft does not know how to respond to it.
“I am aware.” Mycroft’s expression softens for a moment. But then the habitual frown reappears. “However, John didn’t know where you were, Inspector Lestrade lost track of you, and neither were confident that you weren’t abducted or otherwise in danger. Hence me having to leave a very productive meeting to scan the city for you.” He sighs. “Really, Sherlock, how about checking your phone?”
Mycroft looks back at him. “I always tend to be first thing in the morning. It can be highly annoying when Violet cries.”
Half the time when they’re out, they get stopped by someone talking to Violet. Noticing that she seems happy, or telling them that they make a lovely family. John always answers, “We’re just babysitting.” Or, “No, she’s not... ours.”
Mycroft feels a sense of discomfort now, some uneasiness at what they’ve just done. He says, “I can give you a ride home?”
He doesn’t have to. John opens his trousers, and pushes his pants down. “No, stay.” He feels a bit daring, saying that. His cock sort of agrees, seeing how it grows to half-mast in his hand.
John seems to be a good influence as always. When Mycroft sees John interact with Violet, he is always calm and collected, obviously capable. But he does not seem to take her often simply because he wishes to be with her. That is all Sherlock.
They smoke and watch the rain. Soo Lin and Molly walk past arm in arm towards the hotel to pack up Soo Lin’s things. Janine walks beside them, clearly willing to be generous now she won the challenge.
Sherlock’s own tattoo is shown next. Seeing it like this, the owl’s eyes appear sterner than he intended. The whole tattoo feels forced.
Mycroft comes up to sign the wedding register as their witness, and so does Greg. Sherlock signs his beautiful signature, John puts his scrawl next to it, and that’s it.
John walks up the stairs, takes off his jacket, sits down in his chair, and announces to the room at large and mainly to Sherlock in the kitchen, “Mycroft was waiting outside the clinic. Wanted to talk about bonding with you again.”
So he does not touch his stomach and wish for a child the way he imagines some people would do. The naïve, the clueless. No, hope is a dangerous thing, and Mycroft does not indulge it.
John, predictably, smiles at that. Mycroft watches him, and ah, how is it that he can be filled with so much delight at something so simple? They are only two middle-aged men in bed together, it has little right to feel this young and new between them.
Mycroft purposely doesn’t answer that. Instead he says, “My next appointment is in three weeks, I will bring the sonogram.” And then talks about supplements and toilet-training Violet to distract Sherlock.
“Violet.” That’s nice, actually. John was half expecting something Victorian and obscure. “I like it.” Not that Mycroft cares what he thinks, probably.
As the waltz ends, Mycroft takes a bow. Sherlock does as well, and they receive a scattering of applause. Molly Hooper tells them, “Wow, that was so good!” Mrs. Hudson says, “I never knew you were such a great dancer too, Mr. Holmes!”
He marches back into the studio. There are people everywhere, speaking to him, laughing, saying congratulations. John pays them no heed. He packs up his studio space, fast, his hands automatically dissembling his machines and sorting them into his aluminium travel case.
John never asks why someone wants a tattoo. Half of the time, they tell him, but it’s the clients who don’t say a thing that John likes best. They give him a vague description and a chunk of skin to cover, and John doesn’t ask anything more, he just gets to work.
Later, when John is in the shower, Sherlock’s phone vibrates. It’s Molly texting him a picture. “I’m not sure if you wanted a church, and it’s not Victorian, but I go here sometimes. I thought you might like it.”
The cameras turn towards the stage, and Irene says, “The next elimination challenge is set by Jim. It concerns his specialty, a standard in the tattoo world… a cover-up.”
Sherlock works with precision and tries not to feel the pressure. If not cocaine, he would appreciate some amphetamines right now. Methamphetamine preferably, but he could be flexible.
Judging by her indulgent smile, so does Mrs. Hudson, and they share an amused look. Sherlock’s actually into this.
John laughs, but it’s the wrong laugh. It sounds choked, as if there are still tears pressing behind his vocal cords, as if John is nothing but water and he is going to overflow.
Mycroft adds, “I shall be more distant in the future.” Mycroft is amazed that Sherlock would show this much emotion in front of him. “You have nothing to fear.”
Sherlock had assumed that Mycroft would say something short and be done with it, but Mrs. Hudson stands up next. She gives them all a smile and says, “I first met Sherlock when he ensured my ex-husband’s death.”
Sherlock takes out a kind of mood board, hangs it up on the living room wall together with potential wedding themes, and they discuss that for a bit. Then John throws his chopsticks at the wall because he’s sleep deprived and high on Chinese food. Sherlock rises to the challenge, and then they’re both trying to make chopsticks more aerodynamic and throwing them at pictures of food in mason jars while trying to avoid waking the kids with their increasingly loud giggles.
John sits down in the seat opposite Mycroft’s. Mycroft says, “I hope it will be to your taste,” and lifts the cover to his own plate. It’s a salad with some beans and strips of chicken. Much healthier than John would imagine for him, but then he’s pregnant.
There are some gasps of surprise. John’s not bothered, though. What else did they think it was going to be? He pulls the sheet off to reveal a chunk of dead pig, skin and all.
