“We put several spells around the house, really. And we also won’t be able to use the projection room for a whole week because I might have bribed our kids with it.” Dean laughs wholeheartedly, then places a kiss on Cas’s cheek.
Still, the disgusted look the waitress gave them made him feel uneasy. So, he decided to make the most of it. Once Cas finished sipping his drink, he took him by the jaw and brought him in for a kiss, a tender one, and Cas's response to it made his knees turn to jelly.
“That’s right. Good morning, champ.” Jack gets off the bed and runs to the bathroom. Dean looks around the bedroom, his eyes landing on the desk by the window where Jack put his backpack and clothes for the day. The day they bought his school supplies Dean thought the kid would have a heart attack with how excited he was.
And now, years later, Dean goes out every night to act his heart out in front of a live audience that usually ends up in awe and completely delighted with his work, and that makes it oh so worth it.
“Alright, let’s get you changed.” Before he even takes the clothes Jack has gotten rid of his pajama shirt, too excited to wait for his father. “Woah, slow down.” He laughs and slides the green shirt on his tiny torso; jeans and sneakers finish the look the kid chose five days prior. “Now let’s get that bed hair out.” Jack groans, but he’s too happy to say something about his blonde hair getting combed.
, could beat Dean’s present: Batman pajamas, a set of gel pens, and a lot of stuff to make his journals, from vinyl to special needles and thread, from special paper to colorful ribbons to make page markers.
“You’re on it.” She pushes him slightly so she can close the door and Cas makes his way to Meg’s car.
The vamps fell in front of him, dead, their eyes burned out and smoking. Dean tried to not let out a sigh of relief when he could move his arms once again. But nothing else came back to him, he couldn't bring himself to think of any more reasons to be alive.
He walks back to the living room but immediately regrets it. So many memories. The couch, God, he’s about to fucking burn that motherfucking couch.
They sit next to each other as Sam, Eileen, Jody, and, surprisingly, Meg serves them plates of scrambled eggs and crispy bacon, toasts with cream cheese and avocado, waffles with an unhealthy amount of syrup running down their sides, and fresh orange and apple juice —which Dean only drinks after Sam assures him that he made it and not Meg, who would have put all of the apple seeds inside his juice—, and Cas has to hide his laughter behind his glass of juice.
“Will you come?” Dean asks. Sam shakes his head while wrinkling his nose.
They talk even more, and Cas learns that Jack began signing when he was eleven months after watching Eileen —who he also learned is Sam’s, his brother, fiancée— do it every time she talked. Dean encouraged Jack to keep on signing and now he was almost dominant on it, Dean getting better at it in the process.
Once again, life is good.
“Look, Jack, you were made for this, okay? You can hold this and so much more, but you shouldn’t. As you said, you’re a kid, even with all of the things you have and know now. So, as long as
His clothes are carefully folded, just like Dean left them the night before.
, before he hears a sigh behind his ear.
Dean offers a hand and Cas shakes it again. “Thank you for taking care of him.” His beard looks even better now that he’s closer, how is that even possible?
pain, and brings his hands to his eyes one more time. The phone vibrates by his side, and all he can do it grab it and toss it across the damn room. Why the fuck is Sam calling?
“Oh, this is great.” He announces once he’s swallowed everything. Dean grins behind his burger and takes a sip of his drink.
His phone vibrates in his pocket and he takes it out with one hand. He knows he shouldn’t be doing it, so he just keeps it in his hand and waits for another red light so he can check it.
The wood still has all of the sigils they ever painted, and he had to smile at the memories.
"You… you what?" how could it be possible that even before he completely knew he was also into men, his brother did?
When he came back to reality, Dean was looking at him with concern.
“Hello!” Jack greets, his hand shooting up, his favorite way of greeting people he likes, and smiles at the man, showing his missing tooth.
know the things he liked—, and they head out to the cold streets of Kansas.
I’m engaged…” he shakes his head and looks up to the ceiling. “I don’t think this can get any better.” Cas shrugs, it always gets better.
“The way he sings… I honestly thought they were taking me away from the lead.” Dean laughs, relieved, and Cas finds himself laughing along with him more easily than he ever thought he would. “I’m kinda sad they didn’t, though, Tommy is my favorite.” Cas gasps.
Dean kept on muttering more incoherent stuff that came to his mind, losing himself in the embrace.
It’s a flower. Well, various flowers. They’re of a rich shade of purple and they’re still on the branch as if it has only been cut for seconds. Attached to it it’s a small rectangle, something Dean recognizes as Cas’s parchment for his bullet journals. The delicate calligraphy is unmistakably his.
He finishes his coffee and stands up to leave it on the sink, he’ll do the dishes once he comes back. He rushes upstairs to brush his teeth, smiling when he hears Sam talking to Jack about something.
Once this happens, they guide Dean downstairs and then to the living room, where everyone greets him again with more hugs and silly birthday hats. Cas also gives him a plastic crown, naming him King of the Bunker.
He usually stays that way, admiring Dean for a long time until he wakes up slowly, stretching, his hot skin pressing against Cas and
And the rest of the kids rush in, but there’s one that stands out. Or more like his dad does. He’s in his late 20s or so he appears, and his beard has Cas weak on his knees; he’s wearing black joggers, a tight grey t-shirt, and white sneakers and oh he looks so good.
"It was the Shadow…"
, and for that, he turns around and kisses Dean softly. They don’t need words, they don’t need prayers, they just need each other by their side.
He turns around, finding Dean all sleepy, his hair a mess, the blankets covering all of his body because they fell asleep before putting their clothes back on and it’s really cold. Damn, how long has he wished for this? He slips away through the door before he can convince himself to go back to bed with Dean and makes his way to the bathroom.
"Give him time, Cas, he's only been around us for a month." Dean placed a kiss on his husband's temple and smiled, joy filling him more than it ever did before. "He'll feel at home soon. Same way we did, eventually."
Of course, Miracle takes the opportunity and enters the room.
“…And then he said he liked my backpack!” narrates Jack, pointing at the item. Dean smiles fondly at this and offers his hand to his son so they can cross.
“Sure, darling.” It feels strange, letting the name slip out, but it feels so right. Feels like the first chocolate chip cookie he ate as a human, like the first pie Dean baked for him.
“If your father is okay with that, I could join you.” Jack instantly turns to Dean, who nods and closes his eyes tightly when the kid lets out a high-pitched squeal and wraps his arms around his neck. “Then, allow me to get my things and sign off.” Dean nods and puts Jack down. He offers his son his hand and then looks back at Cas, his green eyes focusing entirely on him.
Sam chuckles all the way to the airport, already knowing that someone caught his brother’s eye,
“As in, right now?” he asks, lacing their fingers together.
Even when Dean started the car, he didn't let go of Cas, and that put a smile on the angel's face.
He’s about to throw up thanks to how much everything hurts.
“I’ll drive.” He raises his hand and catches the keys as Meg snorts.
a smile spreading across his sleepy face. Then, comes the first phrase either of them says in the morning, and it usually comes from Dean.
He smiles. His kids or just the kids of the school and the housing?
And he’s still there, with nothing but pain and anger and a million things that were left unsaid.
“An hour.”
Then he learns how Dean landed his role on
Dean smiles once again as he parks home.
"Leave? You're gonna kick me and my boyfriend because your straight ass can't handle a little love?" Cas choked, boyfriend? Were they really dating now? Shit, but let Dean take care of it anyway.
And because he carries the Novak luck, of course, it doesn’t turn on.
“I did.”
“My mouth is glued.” Cas nods and places his hands on Dean’s neck. Dean’s hands wander all the way down to his hips.
It had been four years, and there they were, back, Adam and Bobo running behind Miracle, Eileen looking just about ready to explode, a hysterical Sam, Dean chasing Sam down to calm him, and Cas trying to answer the question of the three-year-old on his arms. "See, Meg, we named you after a very good friend of mine. She died protecting your dad, your uncle, and me." He smiled at the horizon, knowing she would be rolling her eyes at him. After adopting Adam, it just felt right to adopt another kid, and so they did. Sadly, Jack couldn't join them that year, but he knew Jack could hear them.
“Alright, come here.” Jack hugs him tightly and kisses Dean’s cheek. Dean kisses the top of his head and sighs. “I’m proud of you. Go have fun.” Jack nods and runs inside, trying to find the desk with his name on it. Dean tries to swallow the tears, but a single one escapes.
“I have to go, but it was nice meeting you too. See you tomorrow.” He nods and turns around. It’s not that he doesn’t want to make new friends, it’s just that he doesn’t want to keep Dean and Jack waiting; and, okay,
He opens the door and steps outside as the front gates are opened and excited kids enter the place.
“I can see it. Castiel Novak.” Dean shakes his hand and turns to Jack, kneeling beside him.
after singing a cover of
They met when Dean went back to Lawrence for a few months after Jack was born. They were at the park, Dean trying to feed his son while Sam laughed at his failed attempts. Eileen came to them after a ball rolled to Dean’s feet. She said hi to Jack and made the train so Jack could open his mouth and eat the baby food.
“Is your kid’s first day?” he asks, and Dean nods, smiling nervously. How the hell does he know. “I feel the same. Benny.”
that makes Cas feel.
A faint rumble, and he freezes. No, he’s not going back there, forget it. But his phone is somehow still alive, and it’s still ringing…
Was that how the mighty Dean Winchester ended?
“Hi! What year?” she asks, excited, as she passes the pen to him.
When Cas gets in, Sam looks at him with a strange look on his face.
“What’s that?” Dean asks, his mouth full of cherry filling, probably the leftover.
He howled and wasn't even embarrassed by it.
Eventually, he finds it with Bobby, who invites him to cut logs for the fireplace.
He can feel the blood on his jacket hardening as the seconds pass by. What the hell happened in the span of five minutes?
At that point he didn't even care about what the others would say, he didn't care if the whole world knew. Cas was there, Cas was real, Cas loved him, and nothing else mattered more.
“Is she… y’know, pregnant?” Dean asks, pointing at Eileen with his chin. She’s dancing with Sam, her head resting on his chest, their chin resting on her head.
“I would love to. I mean, it’s spacious, it’s safe, they will have plenty of places to go… but I don’t want it to interfere with your plans.” Cas nods. He’s planning on setting a small place for young hunters without a family who need to protect themselves.
And hours later is when the fun begins. After both Jack and Dean convinced him, Cas is wearing black jeans, boots, a blue button-up, and a black jacket. He promises himself he’ll get more clothes like those, because they’re actually comfortable, and he feels so confident in them he swears he could wear them even to sleep.
, and they enter.
“Hey there, Jackie.” He moves his kid slowly, trying not to be too harsh. “Today is your first day of school. Aren’t you excited?” that’s enough to wake up the kid, who now looks as if he’s been drinking energy drinks for a week. He begins jumping and Dean has to suppress a laugh, instead putting a serious face. “Jack, what do we say first thing in the morning?” he asks, stopping the kid.
He stares at the Christmas tree that decorates the living room from a corner.
Once he gets out of the kitchen —finally—, he finds Eileen sitting by the tree. He waves his hand and begins signing a simple
“What are you playing, Cas?” Dean mutters, taking the card.
"We should permanently move to this house. This is our home."
“Whenever you want to.” Dean smiles again, brings him in for another kiss, then pulls him towards the center of the room, where they can dance.
"I am in love with your brother, Sam." Sam's neck turned around so fast Dean feared it would break. "That's my extreme happiness."
“The bathroom’s garbage. Eileen passed it outside so I’m taking it out.” Dean nods and grabs another spoonful of filling.
“Thank you for giving me the best years of my life.” Dean doesn’t know how to respond, but Cas just
“Nope,” he’s being childish and he knows it, but he wants Dean up and distracted to keep on with his plans, “c’mon, Jack wants to see his dad.” This has him up instantly, as if the sheets burned him in contact. He puts on his pants and a sweatshirt and waits for Cas to grab something warm for his top side, then grabs his hand and they walk towards the kitchen.
“Dean.” They shake hands and begin an easy chat. His daughter, Elizabeth, is also on her first day of school.
When Dean finally connects the dots he wants to slap himself in the forehead. How couldn’t he know? How could this fly over his head?
“Will I see aunty Jo?” Jack asks from the backseat, already trying to scramble to his feet. As Cas gets out of the car, Dean unfastens Jack’s seatbelt and gets him out.
The rest of the day goes by in a blur, to be honest. He meets with Adam and he arranges Cas the things he needs, since he now sells it alongside Michael, then goes back with the berries, has breakfast, and kisses Dean a few more times. Then, Sam drags Dean to find a ring for Eileen and the rest stays behind. Cas bribes both Jack and Claire into helping him —to be honest, he didn’t need to, but that’s not something they both were willing to share since he bought them all the junk food they wanted and the projection room for themselves for a week— while Eileen accepts willingly.
…” his name rolls off his tongue easily, almost with practiced ease; “there’s this place owned by one of my best friends, they serve the most amazing burgers you’ll ever try,
New York is extremely different from Kansas, the place where they grew up, but Dean doesn’t seem to mind. Even when they were kids, he knew that his brother would grow up to be a famous person.
“Where are you setting the house? Here, in the bunker?” Cas asks. Dean shrugs.
He struggled with the door, the hinges so old they wouldn't move even as he put all of his weight on them.
As they stop on Kevin, he looks up, nervous. Jack gently taps his shoulder and begins signing. Signing,
He turned off Baby and jumped out of her, not even bothering on closing the door. It was the middle of nothing in Ohio,
This until Claire shows up with Jack between her arms, the kid fast asleep, another set of flowers taped on his back. Claire giggles when Dean snorts, then excuses herself and Kaia to take Jack to his bedroom and then make their way to their own bedroom. Man, life goes by fast, Claire and Kaia are going to college this year.
He didn't even wait for Sam to say something, even though he heard his brother yell at him. He didn't even thank Jack, but that could be done later.
As much as he tries, he can’t stop the memory he’s hit with, driving around New York with Kelly as shotgun, singing along to Kansas, and then moving to the backseat. Seven months later, her fragile frame showed up at the door, her face filled with tears, her stomach round and looking even bigger with her low weight.
Three long hours later, he’s finally back inside, his fingers frozen, his toes almost forgotten on his sensorial system. Eileen and Charlie bring them hot chocolate to warm up again, and soon they are joined by Jack and Amara, who appear at the door in stylish clothes (because, according to Jack, Amara knew
“It’s here.” He points at the grey house, putting the strap of his bag on his shoulder. “Thank you, Dean, for this afternoon.” Dean smiles.
“Jerk.” He brings Dean in for a hug and pats his back. “Take care of both of you.”
“Why not?”
There, Sam and Eileen make breakfast while a happy Jack and a laughing Claire sit at the table.
“Novak luck?” Meg calls, smirking from the living room. She’s wearing black jeans, her high-heeled grey ankle boots, and a black blouse.
“They’re my favorite too!” he replies, his little eyes shining in excitement. Cas smiles at him and opens the door as he indicates the kids to form a single line so they can get out one by one.
Eileen nods and squeezes his hand, her other hand clutching the bag inside her pocket, and gets out of the car.
Jack comes back and looks at Dean expectantly.
.” He says dramatically. Dean snorts. The song changes. It’s almost midnight, and that’s Sam’s favorite song to close the year.
“Hi, Dean! I’m Lizzy!” she exclaims.
As he walks back to the living room, his eyes drift towards the framed picture Dean took of everyone when Benny was still alive. He wonders if Dean ever cooked for Benny, especially if he ever made a pie for him.
So Cas just nods and bops his lover’s nose. Dean groans and puts his hand on his hair, softly running his hand through it, and Cas hums because
"Shut up." He interrupted, and he knew it was rude and shitty, but he just wanted to remind himself it was real, Cas was real.
Jack jumps his way to the car as Dean closes the door. Sam takes the shotgun seat while his brother secures Jack on the backseat.
Dean walks out of the school, his head feeling light after the conversation with his son’s teacher.
“Dad!” Jack calls, rubbing his eyes, clutching the stuffed Scooby-Doo that Eileen got him for Christmas, a big smile across his face.
Three weeks felt like an eternity.
The ride back to the bunker is tense but happy with anticipation, sadness being an underlying tone to it all.
of him.
“Tell aunt Eileen I love her!” he waves his hand and begins walking by Dean’s side.
“Good morning, kids. I am Mr. Novak, can you say ‘hi, Mr. Novak’?” the kids repeat his name in an uneven chorus, excited. “We’ll be together all year; does that sound good?” they nod. “Well, let’s start with something easy: do you know your names?” they nod more enthusiastically this time, and so presentations begin.
“Cas…” why is his voice so hoarse? Did he scream? He can’t remember, he’s not sure of it. He doesn’t want to remember if he did so.
Eileen smiles, her eyes filling up with tears, and then she punches his arm playfully.
"What did you do?" Sam asked, his words carefully chosen because now he can actually snap them away from existence.
Was Jack talking to Sam? Maybe he was. But, then again, he looked at Dean dead in the eye…
He stops screaming when Jack calls. He ignores it but stands, on his way to drive towards what he hopes is his death.
"Fucking door." He whispered, hitting it again with his shoulders, only for it to fly off the hinges and let him land on top of it, but now inside the barn, thankfully.
“Dude, I’ve had enough misunderstandings for a lifetime.” Dean cracks a laugh, remembering all those times they got confused with a couple, and Sam turns to Jack. “Hey bud, you be good, okay? I have to go back with aunt Eileen.” Jack nods and hugs him tightly. Sam leaves a kiss on the top of his head and grabs him by the shoulders. “Now go enjoy your first day. I’ll call when I can so you can tell me everything, we clear? Now give me those five.” Jack high-fives him and takes Dean’s hand.
“I’ll go, you help your brother. Don’t worry.” He smiles slightly and Dean nods not so sure. They kiss chastely before Cas returns to their bedroom to change his clothes. There, he takes his phone out and messages Adam.
Cas takes a deep breath. He can do this.
“Thank you so much, Meg, I love you for this.” He says, giving her the car keys. Meg smirks and brings him closer, wrapping her arms around him.
“Maybe… let’s forget about it for now, okay?” Cas nods, Dean bops his nose. “Man… I might get a niece or nephew, I have a son and an adoptive daughter, I have a family, a job,
“Which is why
“He is.” He turns around and offers his hand once again. “If anything happens…”
“Thank you for giving me the best Christmas I’ve ever had.” And that’s when Cas melts between Dean’s arms because
Then again, what's there to live?
"Can… can I… you know…?" it was honestly adorable seeing Dean ask for permission, seeing him acting like a teenager in love. He didn't even let him finish, didn't let him ask, he just guided his lips to Dean's, finally savoring those oh so kissable lips, those lips he wanted to kiss ever since he saw them for the first time at that Sip N' Gas station; because he knew his soul was a beautiful, tortured one that deserved better, but watching it as a human for the first time was just different, more… physical, more intimate in a way he couldn't explain.
Fifteen more minutes until his son is done with his first day of school, so he decides to get out of the car and walk over to the front yard of the school where other parents are waiting. He stands next to a man wearing a peculiar hat.
He knocks softly and opens the door, entering the navy and green room filled with dinosaurs and zombies. Dean chuckles, he’s never allowing him to watch another zombie film, and makes his way to the bed.
Castiel waves it off and smiles at Jack. “He’s a very smart child, he helped one of his classmates with her homework and answered correctly the questions I asked him.”
The drive is mostly silent, since Eileen is still somewhat sleepy and Cas can’t sign while driving because he put his mask on since they left the bunker.
His emotional pain is making him feel as if he’s floating above everything as if nothing is really happening. Did Billie seriously try to kill him? Did Cas…?
Cas feels strong arms wrapping around him from behind, and then a kiss at the top of his head,
Street Studios to rehearse for his new musical, greeting everyone as he did.
Another twelve minutes, and he’s there exactly at two-thirty. It’s still early, so he takes out his phone and —finally— reads the emails. It’s all boring, but then one catches his eyes. It’s from Mr. Novak.
“Okay, what if you plate all this and I wake up the beast, huh?” Sam nods and Dean goes upstairs, stopping at the door with dinosaur stickers on it.
. He can feel his grace pressing on his back, and he fears the fragile glass might break because of how tightly close they are.
—Drugs
“So, Mr. Novak…”
"Dude, shut up, I've known them since I saw you two looking at each other." Eileen laughed and took a spoonful of cereal to keep her mouth shut. She knew it, too, and they never told Dean he was so obvious.
“Alright, I’ll tell her.” He smiles and runs towards the living room, where Amara and Meg chat about something Jack doesn’t quite understand.
Cas explained how he got out first, trying to answer as many questions as he could while avoiding Eileen's knowing look and her smirk every time Cas rested his hand on Dean's knee or how Dean leaned on Cas.
Then, she commented on how her dog is about to give birth and if they would like a dog, and Sam immediately said yes without even looking at Dean. His poor brother was head over heels in an instant. After learning that she is deaf, Sam spent day and night perfecting his signing, encouraging Dean to do the same and to teach Jack how to do so when he could.
But it was just him, and he was outnumbered. He couldn't let Sammy die, not like that, not in a barn. And he, too, couldn't die like this, he didn't want to go down without living.
He already knows the meaning, but reading it from Cas’s handwriting is just different. He follows Cas’s instructions and goes to the closet, another flower falling from it as he opens the doors. It’s a branch of white, small flowers. Next to it is a slightly bigger yellow flower.
“Everyone keeps hating on Tommy, man. My best friend does the same.” He kills the engine, having arrived at the
“Thank you, Cas.” He whispers, afraid that if he talks too loud he’ll break the moment.
That’s when two things hit Cas: Dean just called him
“Marry me.” Dean freezes, and Cas is completely sure he fucked up. Then, Dean takes his neck and brings him in for a sloppy and passionate kiss, all tongue and lips and even teeth.
He grabs his things and opens the door to get out of there, mainly because he just doesn’t want to think about staying there for another minute without having something to do, and makes his way to the entrance. There, principal Mills nods at him and smiles. Cas waves his hand at her and squints his eyes under the bright sun, trying to find Dean and Jack. When he does, he jogs next to them at the corner of the street, where they wait for the light to go red so they can cross the street.
“Cas?” he’s afraid of being alone, of Cas being taken back.
“Happy birthday!” everyone is there, absolutely everyone, even Michael. Wait, not everyone. There’s no Cas. Everyone makes their way to hug him and congratulate him, with Eileen, Sam, and Jack at the end.
"I huh…" Jack interrupts, his white jacket blocking his vision field so the attention goes back to him. "I'm sorry, but… I did something. I think he's not gonna be happy about it. He told me not to try anything else but... I couldn't leave him." Dean's heart jumped, and his neck turned to face the kid so fast he thought it would snap.
They cross the street and get in the line so they can get inside. Once he and Jack greet the young lady receiving them —a trait Sam made sure stuck with him— they make their way to the first-grade classroom.
“Thank you for taking care of him.” He says, offering his hand at Castiel, who has now lost the sweater and is wearing a simple white button-up. He looks even better now.
“Sorry. You just called me ‘sweetheart’.” Dean smiles. Then he frowns.
Then comes Kevin Tran, who is selectively mute, as his mother explained a month before. Cas signs a simple hi when Kevin lets go of his mom and rushes inside to find his seat.
“Thanks, man.” They whisper as they push the ex-angel outside so they can close the door. Because that’s another thing he came back to: Sam finally made peace with his whole identity. The look on Eileen’s face when she told him all about the events of the day before when, after years and years, Sam
Dean returns to the bedroom more eager to put his shoes on than ever. He feels like a child doing a treasure hunt, except it’s all on his own, he’s turning 42, and his fiancé is the cheesiest man alive. Man, how good it feels to say fiancé.
“I refuse to make further comments.” Alex sits on the couch and Claire simply throws a pillow at her.
“It’s no one.”
He asks around but no one seems to be able to tell him just where the hell is Cas.
As the minutes pass, Dean’s mind drifts back to Jack —what could his little boy be doing? Was he having fun? Had he made new friends already?— but he snaps back into reality when they’re called to their places.
“Thank you, sir.” Then, he awkwardly signs a
He really had been a surprise. His mother was an old friend who helped him during try-outs, and he never expected to see her again after that.
"Listen, Sammy, I'm sorry for never letting you know about… my feelings.
He catches his hand between his teeth to stop an anguishing sob, and bites, and bites, and the iron-like taste that fills his mouth takes him back to the time he turned into a vampire. But he doesn’t stop, he needs the physical pain to get a grip on reality, the same way he has always done throughout the years.
They wait there for two more minutes that felt like a total agony, passing by so slowly, until Eileen’s phone set the alarm on.
and opens the door for Eileen. After fighting for the whole day, at around 2 AM on Christmas day, Cas
He wakes up —for starters,
He grabs his phone from the ground and stares at the wall.
“Daddy!” Dean turns to Jack. “Can we bring Mr. Novak to eat burgers with us!?” And Dean can’t say no to that face. So, he turns to Castiel, smiles awkwardly, and asks if he wants to go with them.
, or yearning, or wishing upon stars he or his siblings made fall, it’s
His knuckles turn white as he begins driving again.
“You’re soft on the inside and I know it.”
Dean looks around, no one seems to notice him crying, and if they do, they don’t want to interfere. He walks downstairs, already knowing where he’s going and why he’s going there, he has been avoiding it more than the current plague.
“Hello!” the kid’s hand goes up, his face bright with a big smile. Oh, he can tell he’ll like this kid already. He has a polite conversation with his father and, after shaking Dean’s —as he recently learned— hand, he waits for the rest of the kids to come.
Mick Davies?” Cas asks, his head whipping to his side so fast he’s surprised he didn’t pull a nerve. “That man is a legend.”
He runs upstairs to take a quick shower and change his sweaty clothes, going with black jeans, a grey t-shirt, and a dark green jacket. His boots, the same boots Sam gifted him as a Father’s Day once, and the amulet he got from his father. Maybe, one day, he will give it to Jack, maybe.
It’s weird, all of it.
“She is? Man, I just thought it was weird for her to not drink her entire weight in beer tonight.” Cas throws his head back in laughter.
And so, it became a sort of tradition, going to the beach once every year, reuniting the growing family.
He shoves unprofessional thoughts to the back of his mind, he’s Jack’s teacher and nothing else.
“Then what are we waiting for? We should be dancing!” they follow the witch to the living room, where the music begins playing.
“Why so lost, feathers?” Crowley asks, sitting next to him. “Not thinking about me stealing your boyfriend, right?” Cas shakes his head, eyes set on his hands. “Just so you feel safer, I stopped loving him a long time ago. Might as well try with the pretty nurse over there.” Cas groans when Crowley points at Alex. Crowley smiles slightly, squeezes his knee, and gets up again to make his way back to the kitchen.
He sits up, rubbing his eyes. The flower is beautiful, he won’t lie, but it’s confusing as hell.
He didn't try to be as sexy as he did while trying to imitate the pizza man, and he wasn't all that sweet like Sam always expressed kisses to be. No, it was messy and needy, passionate and filled with awkward teeth clashing and even an occasional tongue bite, but was worth it, oh so worth it.
He reaches the building and goes to the principal’s office, where another teacher is already signing in.
“I’m Jack!” he replies, letting Mr. Novak’s hand go after a rather enthusiastic handshake.
Shit. Did Cas forget to mention that he is now regressing? After Meg, Crowley, and Amara took all control over the universe, Jack began turning back his age. It started small, really, just a year at first once he realized that the world was now a safe place —as safe as it could be for a hunter, anyway—. But now, a couple of weeks later, he has taken the form of a ten-year-old, and he couldn’t be happier; instead of going all the way back to three years, he decided to stay like that, not wanting to add to their responsibilities now that Cas was setting up his Hunter’s School and Dean was finishing paperwork for the home he wanted to take, this without talking about Eileen and Sam’s child coming by the end of August.
“He did? Does he like dinosaurs?” Cas knows what they’re talking about: another kid, Ben, came closer to both him and Kevin during recess, and the three of them instantly became friends, since Peter didn’t push Kevin into talking like the rest of the kids did. They walk towards a black Impala and Cas marvels at how well taken care of it is, because that’s something impressive, especially with a little kid.
“Cas… me too.” And he’s sobbing again. “Cas… Cas…” he can feel his chest tightening, his lungs burning, the space reducing.
told Dean he was pansexual and preferred he and they pronouns was priceless, she was so damn happy and
from Meg, and
Dean parked and Cas closed his eyes. "Is Sam truly there?" he asked. Dean looked at him in sheer confusion but nodded anyway.
"Dean…" he raised a hand to stop his brother once he let Jack go. The tears were still running down his face, and he felt his forehead hot and probably red. He cried like a toddler.
He honestly won’t ever mind everyone remembering him crying in the future. Just as he bursts through the door, he is hit with the familiar scent of waffles, eggs bacon, birthday cake, and pie.
As he takes his things, he sees Sam pass by with his duffel bag, and that has Dean’s heart sinking. He really hopes Sam can get a job in a bigger city, be a widely know lawyer the way he always wanted to be.
“First grade. You?” he signs his name and the time.
“We don’t know yet… she took some tests, but she needs to see a doctor first. Let’s not get ahead of it.” Dean nods and takes Cas’s glass. He takes a sip and then leaves it on the small table that was pushed aside.
As Sam takes out bacon and eggs, Dean prepares the pancake batter, their mother’s recipe burned in his mind, whistling a melody.
His face feels the coldest, and he can only blame it on the tears, the silent tears that roll down without even asking for permission. Apparently, they’re the only ones with free will.
“I’ll help him, I don’t know when I’m coming back. You finish your breakfast.” Dean doesn’t say it, but he’s so damn grateful for him doing that. When was the last time he completely ate something because Jack wasn’t hurrying him up?
“It is, Cas. We’re short with one son, but it is.” Cas laughs and raises his head, finding those pretty greens he loves oh so much.
He threw his hand to Dean’s neck and kissed the living hell out of him in front of everyone, which got mostly cheers and two or three snarky but lighthearted comments —like
“Later, honeybee!” he calls.
“Alright, I want everyone out, New Year’s dinner won’t make itself.” Says Rowena, rushing everyone through the doors towards the living room. “Dean, Sam, Alex, Claire, Meg, Bobby, care helping your favorite witch?” she raises her brow as the ones she named nod, including Dean.
to Eileen, who happily nods and thanks him back, giving him a thumbs-up before leaving the store with Cas.
from Crowley.
Still, he needs his coffee, so he smiles at his roommate as she puts a cup of coffee in front of him. She rolls her eyes playfully and shoves a bacon strip on her mouth.
“Actually, I am, want to wish the little man luck.” Dean smiles as he slides his black t-shirt over his head, glancing at the clock on his bedside. It’s only six-thirty, he has time to prepare the most awesome breakfast a kid could want.
"Don't. Please." His voice was as rough as sandpaper. Was that the first time he said please?
“Get up, breakfast is ready,” Jody announces, taking off the apron.
“How did you know? Don’t tell her I told you.” Dean stops.
, so of course Eileen takes a handful of chocolates and another of all types of candy. The clerk looks weirded out, but says nothing.
, he thinks as he stuffs everything away. He has a perfect surprise and he can’t risk ruining it.
“He’s a very smart child, he helped one of his classmates with her homework and answered correctly the questions I asked him.” It was really nothing out of this world, just the basic ‘name this number’ and ‘spell a classmate’s name’, but he could see how proud Jack was of it.
“Can any of you go buy more fruit? Cas?” Cas nods and raises a hand to stop Dean from talking.
This time he can’t stop the agonizing yelp of pain he lets go, a yelp that quickly drowns in more sobs and tears, and he’s soon choking on them.
They have breakfast together and then move to the projection room to watch a few movies, Tombstone included, which had Meg not entirely happy.
.” The whole table cheers, including Meg, and Sam stands up to hug his brother.
“So, who was them?” Sam finally asks, both of them making their way through the place. Dean groans and shakes his head.
When he finally manages to get hit by the sun, he is also hit with the most painful thing.
He smiles at Cas and turns around to look for his father. Once he finds him, he gasps in joy and runs towards him. Dean crouches down and opens his arm, and Cas’s heart jumps at this action. The man walks towards him, and Cas can feel his hands sweating; he’s supposed to go the other way, outside, not inside.
"You son of a bitch." Great, the tears came back. But he doesn't care now, he's not interested in that anymore. He knew it was Cas, the material of his trench coat felt the same.
"Fuck, I…" he muttered, brushing his thumbs against Cas's cheeks. "I couldn't do anything. I thought you were gone for good."
The bruise on their cheeks was the worst part, earning them for doing something oh so stupid without thinking it through.
They get to the nearest supermarket and they walk as fast as they can, especially Cas, who is still not that used to feeling cold. After taking a cart and doing the regular procedure, Eileen signs a quick
He smiles as he passes the flowers, finding bees. He remembers Meg freaking out over his bee-hive when they moved together and him trying to calm her down, only achieving this after he took her out to a bar and promised to keep his bees away from her.
He opens the door and looks around, the bunker strangely calm at this hour. He looks back into the room and notices it’s past eight, Sam and Jack should be bickering in the kitchen right now. When he looks down, he finds another branch of flowers. This one he knows, and he doesn’t have to look at the card to know what it means. He smiles but reads it anyway.
Cas sighs and resumes his way to the bathroom. Seriously, why are there almost a hundred rooms in this place and only one ungodly bathroom? They need to change that, add at least four more so the kids can use it better.
And he did what he never thought he could allow himself to do. He took his face between his hands, feeling the stubble that he never got the chance to shave, feeling what the years did to him, how hunting deteriorated every part of him.
everything the car has, so he takes his things out and closes the door of the car before heading back inside.
He doesn’t care if he’s saying it out loud, he has to get out.
“What’s wrong, sweetheart?” his heart jumps once again at the name, he’ll never grow tired of it.
Dean walks through the door with Sam, their arms full of bags, as Cas comes back from putting everything away in the most obvious place. Dean lets the bigger bags down without any care, which earns him a scolding from Sam and then sets the smaller bags on top of the table more carefully.
The rest of the day goes smoothly, with the kids answering some of his questions —though Jack was pretty much the only one who did, since he also answered for Kevin—, no accidents during their recess, no kids crying. By the time the bell rings, Cas finds himself kind of disappointed of this, knowing he’ll have to go back to his house alone, most likely by bus, and enjoy his lonely afternoon until Meg comes back at nine PM only to have dinner and go to sleep.
"You're pretty obvious. Both of you. I'm just surprised to see that you're finally admitting it." Cas took his hand and Dean's heart melted again. It would never stop doing things to him.
“You bet we are.”
Cas gives him another card. Dean takes it and tries to kiss him, but Cas shakes his head and motions for him to read the card.
? His face lights up and he kisses Dean, not caring if their breaths are smelly or their mouths unwashed, he just
Dean stops dead on his tracks. He’s connecting the dots, which reminds him of the meme Claire always sends over at the family group and he just has to chuckle. He grabs the jacket and walks quickly to the kitchen.
“Huh, I don’t know, I’ve never been here,” Cas responds, his eyes still scanning the place. There’s an old jukebox at the back of the local.
Now, Cas prepares to go back to school, this time teaching first grade, and he has the comfort of having Meg working a building away at high school.
“As long as you’re not a fucking traitor,” Crowley states, reaching out to Meg, who shakes his hand aggressively.
The first day is always awful. He is a morning person, he loves mornings, but waking up and doing something productive is… different.
Of course, Jack was soothing him with his powers.
He asks them if they can see their parents and, once they say yes, he lets them go while wishing them a good day. Quickly, all of them are out, except for Jack, who now has his tiny hands laced together, his face a pure expression of calm that Cas has never seen. The kid is intriguing, completely, and he wants to know how and why he learned everything he knows.
The bathroom door opens and Dean ruffles Cas’s hair as he passes by his side, then leaves a casual kiss on his forehead, and he just doesn’t know how
He bit back, a snarky comment of the many that came to his mind, but he's not there, at least not mentally. Was that how Chuck felt when Jack took his powers?
“We’ll wait for you at the entrance, then. Do you need any help?” he asks. Cas shakes his head instantly.
They hug tightly and chat for a little while until Jack puts Cas aside.
Dean analyzes the flowers a little bit more thoroughly this time. One is pink and completely open, big is he must compare it to the others, and the other is a branch filled with leaves and small white flowers.
“Okay, you be good, don’t yell, don’t fight, and if someone attacks you, what do we do?” he asks, raising a brow.
useful. Dean immediately looks his way and smiles, and that has Cas almost giggling.
“Sam taught him how to read when he was three, I was worried he would never talk if we kept on delaying it.” Cas nods, understandingly, and takes a peek at the kid, whose head rests against the door, his mouth open, and the tiniest of snores coming out of his throat.
Dean wakes up to an empty bed.
He closes his bedroom door behind him and goes downstairs once he makes sure Miracle is not inside any of their rooms, hearing Jack’s babbling in the living room.
Once he sees his father, though, he gasps and runs towards him. Dean crouches and opens his arms to receive his son’s hug. Once he’s hit with the force of the toddler, he stands up as Jack scrambles around to rest on his hip.
“Home,” Cas mutters, “this is home.” He hides his face on Dean’s chest, not wanting the rest of their little family to realize he’s crying.
The rest of the morning goes by in a blur as he arrives at New 42
Life is good to Dean and Castiel Winchester.
Ellen smiled. “You got it, Cas. I’ll bring some pops over in a moment.” She stepped away, and Dean turned his attention back to Cas, who was blushing slightly.
Dean continued leaning against the counter in stunned silence. Now, whether that silence was because Charlie spoke to him or the fact that other people noticed that he was in love with Cas? He could figure that out later. Dean ran his fingers through his hair, his mind running through the day’s events that led him to this point.
“Nah, can I actually get a pack of Nails too?” Dean reached up and grabbed the cigarettes that Alistair asked for. “So, visiting your boyfriend? That’s beautiful. You’re such a loyal person, Lisa. It’s incredible to see.”
Cassie rolled her eyes, but her smile grew broader. “While your sarcasm is on point, it doesn’t suit you, Dean.” She reached across the counter and patted his arm. “So, tell me. How have you been?”
“If you need me, it’ll be easy to get my attention. You should be able to just call me. At worst, a shake would be the most I need.” Cas glanced down at Dean, his frown deepening. “Do you think he meant it?”
With a slow and deliberate push, Cas started sliding inside of Dean. Cas' hand quickly found Dean's hips as he buried his cock deep inside. "So warm, so tight. You feel exquisite, Dean."
“How old do you think she is?” Cas queued up in the viewing line, pulling Dean with him. “I was expecting younger.”
“I knew you’d make you’re way over here, Elle.” He nodded over to Cas. “This is my friend, Cas.”
“Three seconds. Let me out of the car and into the motel room. That’s all I’m asking.”
“Just make sure he keeps breathing.” Cas sat next to Dean, his finger trailing down the hunter’s cheek. “He should be ok with one functioning lung, but we need to make sure that any air that escaped the punctured lung doesn’t prevent the other one from inflating.”
“Woman. I’m about to marry the
"Yep. Sam's out in the waiting room. We'll bill your insurance and send any remainder to you." Garth took Dean's hand and helped him stand. "I'll see you Saturday at the Roadhouse?"
"I'm listening." Dean's eyes brightened in interest while his mind quickly drained of blood.
“How the hell do you know about that?”
“Nair. In your shampoo bottle. You’ll never see it coming.” Dean smiled as he ran his fingers through Cas’ hair.
Nope. Cas was definitely coming on to him. Without a doubt.
Cas stood up before crouching down and scooping Dean into a bridal carry. “Have your blade ready. We don’t want to be caught unaware again.”
“So let me guess. You were high, browsing Facebook, came across your sister’s profile, and saw that she’s going to be in the wedding?”
The crowd backed off and pointed at the rabble-rouser, and Dean’s customer confirmed. “Him, ma’am.”
“That she saw your name on the RSVP list as coming.” Dean ducked his head and rubbed the back of his neck. “I may have panicked. Again.”
[Claire 2:34 AM] Yeah, yeah. Are you not going to call?
"I'm sorry, what?" Dean's eyes went wide as Garth went to grab a mask. "Woah, now. What are you doing with that thing?"
[Dean, 10:03 AM]: It wasn't nice waking up without you.
“Excuse me?” A fourth person joined their conversation, some guy Dean thankfully didn’t remember from high school. “Were you here yesterday?”
“First, don’t quote Doctor Horrible at me like I wouldn’t know what that is. Second, Kaia loves you, and you love Kaia. There is no doubt from either side. Why aren’t you two together?”
[Sam 11:12 AM]: So get this…
“Andrea gave it to him.” Lisa fiddled with her nails, a telltale sign of nervousness. “It’s a reference to a blow job thing.”
"Meet you in the bedroom?"
“Yes, it does. How many?”
“But what about all the innocent lives working on the second Death Star?”
“Ready, Dean?” Cas asked, his soft but broad smile pulling Dean back from the strange place his mind had wandered. “You mentioned that you liked pie. What if I told you I know where to get the best pie in Lawrence?”
“Fuck.” Dean rushed back inside.
“Yep. That’s me.” Dean pointed at the drink that Alistair had set on the counter. “Just the soda?”
“Hello, Dean.” Cas stood behind Charlie, a soft and shy smile on his face. Dean couldn’t believe his eyes. Cas Novak was in front of him, slightly taller, his wiry frame bulked out. The button-down shirt with rolled-up sleeves accenting the tone in his arms. While Dean would be lying if he said he hadn’t looked Cas up on social media, none of the pictures he found did the Adonis before him justice.
Dean swallowed roughly, watching Cas struggle to keep the straw in his mouth, and again as Cas licked away the milkshake that dribbled from the corner of his mouth. He handed Cas a napkin and quickly took a drink of his own shake.
before quickly following behind Cas. They rushed out of the funeral home, practically stumbling and bumbling down the stairs as they ran to the Impala.
"What are the groups, Cassie?" Gabriel nudged Cas in the side. "I'm sure your students would like to be
Charlie joined him. “Then help me understand because we have two hours until the Reunion, and I’m not missing it.”
For some strange reason, that gesture instantly lit a fire in Cas, causing him to growl at the other man. Dean’s head snapped towards Cas while the other guy looked like he wanted to run. “Thanks for the games, dude. I know what to watch out for next time.” Dean’s opponent grabbed his twenty and hurried to the bar and away from them.
Dean raises an eyebrow in confusion. "You talked to Sam this morning too."
“Yeah… yeah, we did.” Dean nodded as a soft smile rested upon his lips. “This is home.”
By the end of the class, no one had made a sphere like Cas'. Of course, not a single one of the instructors had expected them to, but they were impressed with how close Dean and Donna had gotten. Once confirming for next week, the class was dismissed, with Cas sitting at the bench and appearing to stay close to Dean to keep him from bolting. When everyone had left, Cas turned to face him.
"You're doing so well. You're such a fast learner, Dean." Cas looked over to the other groups that were struggling slightly. "Get that balloon a little bigger, and we can move on to the glass."
“Not at all.” She looked to Dean. “I’ll see you at work on Monday?”
Dean sputtered, trying to form words. "I.. I. I'm not sure what you mean, Garth. I'm single."
"I'm sorry," Sam held up a finger and looked at Dean for a moment. He shook his head and turned to Garth. "Did you just say that Dean has a boyfriend?"
Once everyone arrived, Cas pulled everyone over to the large furnace again. "As I promised last week, this will be the week you learn to blow. I'm going to demonstrate a successful blow, and then we are going to practice breathing through your nose while you have the pipe in your mouth. Once Gabriel, Balthazar, or myself determine that you're not inhaling through your mouth while blowing, we'll move to having glass on the blow pole."
[Dean 11:07 AM]: He feels responsible for her, like she’s his kid since, you know…
He shoved the door open and rushed into the room, hoping against hope that it would shut completely and give Cas an extra moment’s pause.
“Patience, Dean.” Cas rushed outside and, after several moments, returned, the makeshift sign in his hand. Cas made sure to lock the door before returning to Dean and throwing the sign at him. “You’re fucking closed.” Dean fumbled the wadded-up fabric and dropped it on the ground. Not giving him a chance to bend over and picked it up, Cas stepped in closer and pressed their bodies together, pinning Dean’s hand over his head. “You’re mine, Dean.”
When he realized that Dean had finished, Cas quickly rearranged the room as best he could, hoping it looked like he wasn't able to watch Dean from his seat.
“Claire.” Kaia walked up next to her and rested her hand on her shoulder. “You did text him at two-thirty in the morning.”
If Mrs. Moseley’s look could kill, Dean would be dead, cremated, and his ashes tossed in the wind. “I said don’t sass me.” Her eyes flickered to the door. “I know you got a full ride to KU. You tryin’ to throw it away?”
“Everything okay, Cas?” Dean inquired, frowning slightly at how his best friend was acting.
Cas remembered.
"Dude, Cas.” Dean walked up to the coffin but kept his eyes on Cas. “You’ve gotta know you're always my first choice."
“He’s not. Tested him with silver and bronze, but I appreciate you keepin’ an eye out for me.” Dean nodded his head at the booth closest to the pool table and took his cue back from Cas. “Grab a seat, let me win my money back, and then we can head home.”
“To work. Early.” Lisa turned and glowered at Dean. “You’ve got a complex because I’ve sucked a bunch of dicks. If your head wasn’t so far up your ass, you’d have heard that you’re number thirty-seven and the last. I’ve been nothing but faithful to you, so what matters if I gave a bunch of guys blow jobs before we were together?”
Cas leaned back against the table, occasionally looking over at the other two groups. He didn't tell Dean to stop, instead being satisfied once the balloon popped and caused the other people in the room to jump. He feigned surprise, entirely deadpanning for the rest of the group. "Oops. I guess Dean did so well and got so much air in there that the balloon couldn't handle it." He turned back to Dean and took the balloon remnants off the end of the blowpipe. "Ready to try the glass?"
“I tried asking him about it.” Dean’s shoulder’s sagged in defeat. “I was ready to tell him. We had just pulled him back. I had my arms around him, telling him I had him, telling him that he was safe. When I asked him if he remembered what had happened, he said the last thing he remembered was Billie trying to break down the door.”
“No. Dean. You are not going to do this. You and Lydia ended on good terms. You ended as friends.” Cas’ shoulder bump turned into a firm and comforting grasp. “She came into your life when you needed her. And it takes two to tango. She slipped away as well.”
“What?” Dean raised an eyebrow.
“Lisa, you told me that you’ve only slept with three guys. You never mentioned sucking his dick!” Dean knew he was getting louder, but he frankly didn’t care.
“I know.” Cas sped up his ministrations, hoping to bring Dean over the edge. “I don’t want you to hold back, Dean. Please. Come for me. Show me what I already know.” He pressed his lips against Dean’s, kissing him fiercely.
Blue eyes—glassy and darkened by lust—glared up at Dean. “Too much talking.” He wrapped his lips around Dean’s cock and started to slowly work his way down the length, pulling a litany of curses from his hunter’s mouth.
“Looks like you’re having a hell of a day, Dean-o.” Ash took a blunt Charlie handed him and took a hit before offering it to Dean. “Take a five.”
“You know what?” Cas rubbed the back of his neck and looked towards the exit. “I feel like I’m intruding on something here. Mind if I go sit in the car?”
“Start heading towards Main Street.”
“Because she would have talked to you. You would have explained your—”
She held her hand up, cutting him off. “I’m stoppin’ you there, Dean. You are going to KU.” She looked over at the classroom door. “Castiel, sugar, you there?”
The week and a half until Dean's first-class dragged. While he tried to downplay his excitement, he was practically bouncing off the walls. Charlie hadn't been kidding about how fascinated he had been, watching the beautiful creations come to fruition at the Glassblower's stall. He had sat there through the first demonstration then watched as they continued to work once it was over. Dean had even stuck around for another demo before Charlie could finally drag him away.
“Cas, please…”
“I have no clue. If I’m being honest, our talk earlier was one hell of a roller coaster ride.” He turned and found Cas’ bright blue eyes focused on him. “Claire made me realize something as well.”
Sam, Eileen, and Charlie right now. And maybe he loved them just a little bit more too.
"I know you probably don't think it, but you're doing great, Dean. Keep blowing!" Cas encouraged, watching Dean with wide, excited eyes.
“Fucking hell.” Dean slid down to the floor and pulls his knees to his chest.
“Absolutely not!” Claire all but yelled.
Cas looked over the top of the paper and glared at Dean. “Pot, Kettle.”
“That’s uh… Yeah, that’s not what I….” Cas let out a sigh of resignation. “Let’s go. If we want to get there before it’s over, we need to leave now.”
"Just reminding you that your cock and your orgasm belong to me right now, boy." Cas pulled his hand back.
Some unknown time later, Dean woke up out of his stupor. His mouth was dry, and the only thing he could remember was that he had a strange dream about tap dancing with a lamp and blamed it on the trip from Garth's gassing.
"It hurts." Dean whimpered pathetically. "I don't know what happened. One moment I was chewing on a  nougat bar, and the next, my tooth was practically stabbing my mouth."
"That's not a bad thing, Dean." Cas laughed, the deep, throaty rumble causing Dean's belly to ignite. "It just so happens that we make glass sex toys here. Ace my class, and I'll be more than happy to make a
"Define a while?" Garth asked before backtracking. "I mean, only if you want. I already caused enough issues."
"I was thinking..." He left soft kisses along Dean's neck. "When my suit comes in, and the cast comes off, you and I can go out and take care of the bees together in our costumes.
[Claire 3:00 AM] Norfolk, Nebraska.
“We did.”
Unsure if he would wake up again, Dean whispered under his breath, “I love you, Cas.”
Lisa held the crowd at extinguisher-point as they made their purchases. One by one, they each bought their original wares and uttered apologies to Dean. When the original customer, the one most pulled in by the gum rep, came up to the counter, he blushed brightly. “Two packs of Nails, please.”
“I’m not even supposed to be here today. I’m not even supposed to fucking be here today!”
Dean’s head shot up in surprise. “Cassie?”
“Are we done?” Dean inquired, his voice trembling slightly. “I’m not as young as I used to be.”
“For what?”
“ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?!”
John didn’t bother covering up the phone this time when talking to the other person in the room with him.
"Not like that's going to happen, Sir, but you could just keep doing whatever you were doing. You claim to be a multitasker. Would be a good time to prove it."
“So, let me guess. You’re afraid of losing him if he doesn’t love you back?” Claire returned Dean’s knowing look from earlier. “What a crazy random happenstance.”
“Shit,” Lisa muttered under her breath. She gently swatted at Dean to move, and she quickly climbed to her feet. “Alistair? It’s been a while.”
"Earth to Dean?" Cas took a step closer, a smirk curling upon his lips. "There you are. Ready to slide that in the furnace?"
“I think the high had worn off at that point, but otherwise, you’re correct. She shared the newspaper announcement, and I rolled my eyes.” Cas tapped the counter in an off-beat rhythm. “I should probably open up.”
Finding both the can and the container, Dean set them on top of the table. He quickly filled the smoke can with the ingredients - dried pine needles, dried hop flower, and burlap - before lighting it. As the fuel started to smolder, Dean looked over at the hives and swallowed. He mentally tried to pep himself up again (while trying not to feel ridiculous) and picked up the smoker. Dean blew out some smoke against his arm and, determining it wasn't all that hot, moved to the first hive. While he wasn't exactly a praying kind of man, Dean asked every deity he could think of to watch over him while he lifted the first lid. While he had been ready to run, Dean was surprised to find that none of Cas' bees flew out at him. In fact, they appeared to be calm. Much calmer than Dean felt.
Dean was still fuming when the door to the shop chimed, and Ash’s laughter floated into the shop.
As he cooked, the front door to his apartment opened. There were only two people who could get in, and the one - Sam - had already said he was going to give Dean his space. The sounds of feet shuffling into the kitchen made him smile, and he turned around. "Hey, Sunshine."
Sam tried to get Cas to look at him but to no avail. “I know he meant it, Cas.” Sam stacked the pillows on his bed so he could sit up and read while keeping an eye on Dean and Cas. “I also know that it was drilled into our heads to not say anything about our feelings.” He grabbed a book out of his bag and leaned back, stretching his legs out. “It may sound strange, but I’ve seen the ways that he shows it to you.”
“Thought you weren’t working today?” Ash brought what Dean hoped was a cigarette to his lips. “I would have dressed up nicer for you.” The mulleted man spun around, showing off his ever-present hoodie, adorned with patches and buttons of various bands and movements. John repeatedly told Dean to chase Ash and his friend Charlie - currently dressed in her long black trenchcoat - off the property.
The water shut off, and Dean returned to the living room and stood in front of Cas. "What was that?"
“The unnecessary death of hundreds of thousands of people during the ending of Return of the Jedi.”
The Impala pulled into a spot right in front of the room they had rented out for the duration of their stay, and Sam shifted her into park. He looked over the seat and into the backseat. Cas had removed his trench coat and tucked it under Dean’s head for additional comfort. Dean’s skin was paler than usual, and his breathing was labored.
After several minutes, Cas had finished blowing the glass into a sphere and pulled the blowpipe away from his mouth. He met Dean's eyes briefly and smirked before looking at Gabriel and Balthazar. "Think you can get your teams making these?"
He waited a few more minutes, slightly perturbed that there was no sound coming from the other side of the door. Sam tried the doorknob and was surprised to find the door unlocked. He turned it and pushed the door open as quietly as possible. As he entered the room, Sam nearly dropped the tray, scrambling to rebalance it.
“Yeah, she is.” Dean smiled fondly.
“Fuck, yes!” Dean’s smile went wide, matching Cas’. “Where to?”
Dean fell forward, his forehead smacking against the back cushions of the couch. "I hate you so much, Cas. I hate you." He pushed himself back up to sitting, smiling at Cas' bright and mischievous expression. "And I fucking love you."
“Oh, I’m fucking aware, Cas.” Dean tossed his head as he gripped the sheets tightly. “Also, hate to break it to you, but one of us is severely overdressed.”
“While I agree, can we please focus on the case at hand?” Claire fell back into the bed as she pressed her palms into her eyes. “The creature is hostile. It’s not going to talk to us, so we need to gank it.”
“Yeah, it is. I need someone to cover the shop. I told you I had plans, and you lied to me. Get your ass here.”
Dean nodded, afraid to look at Cas. Claire carried through on her promise, which meant that he needed to as well. “I realized that Kaia hadn’t told Claire that she loves her, and I got Claire to confess she hadn’t told Kaia either.”
"You can get custom bee suits. I've seen them in blue, in black, in orange..." He watched as Dean's blush darkened. "Gabriel's is yellow and black. He thinks he's clever." Cas bit his bottom lip to keep himself from laughing.
"Sorry about that. I pulled the short straw today." The group turned to see another person enter the workspace. "I'm Balthazar." He looked at Dean, then looked at Cas and smirked. "Who am I with, Cassie?"
“Ew, God, no. It’s Charlie.” Dean chuckled as he climbed into his Baby. The drive was comfortable, with the boys humming along to Stones tape Dean played. Once they arrived at the Roadhouse, Dean held open the door for Cas and led him back to a set of tables that Ellen had designated as ‘family only.’
Dean had never wished more for the ground to open up and envelop him.
"I'm getting comfortable. I made a point of getting done early so you wouldn't have to sleep alone." Cas repositioned himself on the bed, resting his back against the headboard. He patted the spot next to him. "Come talk to me?"
Dean pulled up to the front of the building. It was a very nondescript building with a simple sign that read "Honey Dipper Glass Works." Several cars were already there, and he saw several people head towards the entrance.
“Oh.” Lisa blushed. “If we’re counting you, thirty-seven.”
Dean slammed his fists on the counter. “That’s it, if you’re buying something, buy it. Otherwise, get the fuck out!”
"You were waiting for one?" Dean grabbed his phone and looked over his texts. "The last one you sent was over five hours ago."
"Why are you asking questions you already know the answer to, Bitch?" The coffee finished percolating, and Dean poured himself a mug. "Something about angel business."
Dean froze, his eyes locked on Cas’. He heard the words that Cas said. He understood what they meant. But they didn’t belong to Dean. He couldn’t keep them.  “I’m sorry, Cas.”
As Cas walked Ash out of the shop, Charlie stayed behind and walked up to the counter. She rested her arms on the countertop and tapped out a beat with her fingers. “I know it’s not my place, but there are a million fine-looking people in this world, dude. Most of them cheat on you. Some of them will lie to your face. But it’s the one in a million who will bring you lasagna and stick by your side even after you’ve ignored their advice.” She wrapped her knuckles on the counter before walking towards the door and leaving.
“Not sure how you’re gonna be able to one-up dinner and pie.” Dean looked over at Cas, returning the smile.
“I wasn’t afraid, Charlie!” Dean shook his head. “I mean, yeah, the thought that I could possibly like Cas in the way he liked me? Yeah, that unsettled me a bit. But I didn’t know there was such a thing as Bisexual. And I knew I wasn’t gay. I liked girls. I dated Cassie Richardson Freshman year.”
“Oh. Uh…” Cas suddenly became very interested in his milkshake, allowing his words to become mumbled by the straw.
Cas laughed into his mug. "I mean, it is highly amusing that Garth, of all people, was the one who figured it out. And he figured it out because he's a dentist."
"Yeah. Lydia." They moved forward as the line kept progressing. "She helped you where I couldn't."
“No door on this planet could stop me from getting to you if that’s what you’re attempting, Dean.” Cas sat up hastily and growled. “And if you try to escape me? I’m going to have to remind you who you belong to.”
Dean took the ball in hand and looked fondly at Cas. “What would I do without you, man?” He smiled softly, telling himself to keep his emotions in check.
"I uh..." Dean shook his head. "You're getting undressed?"
The man’s jaw dropped. “Seriously? Blaming this on your father? Man up, asshole.” He crossed the parking lot and hopped in his car.
He rubbed at his eyes, letting them readjust. He looked down at Cas' side of the bed and found a note lying on his pillow.
"Charlie. Go figure." Dean rolled his eyes and opened the envelope. A traditional card wishing him a happy birthday waited for him, but it was what was inside the card that piqued his curiosity.
“Only a little.” Dean slid his hands out of his pockets and wiped them down on his jeans. “Claire just needed a nudge in the right direction.”
“Cassie?” Dean looked back over and watched as she turned catatonic. “Fuck.” He turned around, closed the door, and shouted as he made his way back to the front of the shop. “Cas! Get 911 on the phone!”
Dean's jaw dropped as he stared at Cas. Was Cas actually coming on to him? Or was Cas just being the helpful instructor? "Thanks, Cas. Considering how much I like this class, I'd consider it."
“I’m sorry?” Dean squinted at Victor.
Dean closed his eyes and struggled as he took in a deep breath. He held up the hand that was lying down by his side to gesture to Sam to keep sitting. He exhaled slowly, triggering a coughing fit.
“Snowball? What the hell kind of name is that?” Dean grabbed a carton of Nails and started restocking the shelf.
“Jimmy.” Cas didn’t take her hand but stood up and nodded his head towards the bathroom. “Let me use the men’s room, and then I’d enjoy continuing this conversation.”
“Dean. Every single one of those contractors were innocent. They were hired to do a job, and they ended up as pink mist floating in space. They weren’t there to be in the war.” Dean crossed his arms over his chest, causing Cas to huff in frustration. “Alright, let’s say you’re a plumber. And the government offers you a contract to work on a project. It’s lucrative, and you’ve got rent, Sam’s room, and board at Standford, sending him some extra money so he can enjoy his time at college. You’ve got your Baby. Image all the original parts you can buy. And, as it’s a government contract, you get all sorts of benefits for your family.” Cas was clearly waiting for it to sink in, so Dean nodded. “So now you’re up in space. You’re working, earning every last cent offered to you. Out of nowhere, the fucking rebels swoop in, find the weakest areas, and destroy the Death Star with their lasers. How big’s the Death Star? Three-mile radius, right?. Everyone on the damn ship is wiped out. You. Your coworkers. The guys brought up to metalwork—the computer nerds. Not a single one of you asked for it. You were merely trying to live. They didn’t know where your politics lay. Hell, your political beliefs died with you.”
“She doesn’t need to use words when she talks to me. We understand each other. She’s my platonic lesbian life partner.” Ash let out an oof as Charlie snuck up behind him and jumped on his back. “See? If I didn’t know she was coming, I would have fallen over.”
Dean sharply sucked in air, the wind being knocked out of him by Cas’ gentle touch. He nuzzled into Cas’ hand as much as he dared. “Cas… I… There’s something I—”
, and if people weren’t paying attention before, they were now. “HOW MANY DICKS DID YOU SUCK?”
Four - Cas.
Lisa shook her head again. “Dean, be like Elsa and let it go.”
“But he could have!” Kaia’s voice cracked, and realization hit Dean. His own voice had broken like that when he told Sam about how he lost Cas to the Empty. Kaia hadn’t told Claire that she loves her.
“Hello, handsome.” A woman with bright green eyes and dirty blonde hair sat down next to Cas. Like Dean, she had a warm splatter of freckles across her face and a friendly, flirty smile. If Dean Winchester was female, she’d be sitting in the seat next to Cas. “You here all by your lonesome?”
“Andrea never did that with Alistair. She doesn’t do anything with customers, and she’s been in love with Benny for a long time.” Lisa cringed as soon as the words left her mouth.
The sound of the phone landing on the bed caused Dean to let out a sigh of relief. Until Cas returned his full focus back on Dean.
“Wouldn’t need to do that, Mrs. Moseley. I can just turn it down.” It suddenly dawned on Dean what she was getting at. “I’m not cut out for college. Just not gonna happen for me.”
The leather tightened, and a few moments later, his other ankle was strapped down as well. Dean tested the bar, whimpering at being locked in place and oh-so-vulnerable to his Dom. "Everything okay?"
“Isn’t even supposed to be here. Trust me, Charlie and I have heard it all day.” Ash tapped Charlie’s leg, and she slid off his back and walked up to the counter next to him. “So, Red and I were thinking. It’s Saturday. You’ve had a shit-ass day. The cops were here, so no one else is going to come in for the rest of the day.” He rested his elbow on the counter and his chin on his fist. “Let’s blow this popsicle stand. Close the shop, we’ll go back to your place, or Cas’ get high as fucking kites. Forget this shit happened!”
“Why are you so hostile to me?” Cassie’s face twisted into a pout. “We had good times together, didn’t we?”
“You’re so full of shit.”
“What do you want me to say? I fucked up. I was supposed to stay in contact with her.” Dean picked the paper back up. “This doesn’t say anything about a boyfriend or a spouse. Where’s her daughter going to go?” He shook his head. “I could have helped….”
“Next to you.” Sam pointed before pressing gently on Dean’s chest. “Try and take one deep breath for me.”
[Claire 2:20 AM] Dean! Answer your damn phone!
Dean inhaled sharply at Cas' comment, sucking the balloon up into the pipe. He coughed and looked at Cas, who was chuckling, and damn if that sound didn't make his cock jump in excitement.
Like before, Dean pulled up in front of the building. Donna and Jody arrived at the same time as him, and it looked like Kevin was just dropped off by his mom. There were smiles and waves as they all walked in together, joining Krissy, who had chosen to wait inside. None of them appeared to be treating him any differently, and Dean hoped for a moment that his awkwardness from the week before had gone unnoticed.
"I'm not ashamed of you, Cas. I just... I love our friends, but we're already so up in one another's business. Having this to ourselves? Call me selfish, but I liked only us knowing."
"That leaves you and me if that's alright?"
“Wait, really?” Dean smiled. “That sounds like a plan. You want to go now, or do you want me to come and pick you up later?”
Cas' head tilted to the side and, after a moment, he laughed. "I can't believe I forgot that there was another meaning to that phrase." He stood up and pulled Dean along with him. "However, I need to ask. Why did you practically run out the door when class was over."
A couple of hours later, after walking around the town, waiting for a bakery to open, and acquiring coffee and breakfast for their group, Sam returned to the motel room. He slid the key into the knob and twisted, minding the volume as he pushed the door open.
"Are you kidding me?" Sam downed his own whiskey and leaned back in his chair. "I mean, he looks away when you look at him, and you look away when he looks at you, but let me tell you about the way you two stare at each other."
“I will pull him out of meditation.”
“HE CAN’T HANDLE THE TRUTH!” Someone yelled from inside the crowd.
“What happened to you knowing that we could handle ourselves, Hasselhoff?” Claire sat up entirely and glared at Dean.
Dean raised an eyebrow and saw that the phone was dialing J. Winchester. “You have my dad’s number?”
"Excuse me?" Dean set his mug on the table and crossed his arms, staring at Sam.
“Dammit. I thought I had it.” The lilt of Dean’s voice carried over the rest of the rabble of the bar. It didn’t matter where they were, how far apart they were from one another; Cas knew he could always find Dean. He stole another glance at his hunter, the bright, peridot green meeting his blue for the briefest of moments. Dean stifled a smile as he focused on the person he thought was their creature. “No one else has put money down. Double or nothin’?”
"Because we wanted it to be on our terms," Cas replied. "We wanted to share when ready."
“Yes, Mrs. Moseley.” His eyes - holy shit, how did that shade of blue exist? - were trained on Missouri, never looking to Dean. “I guess this is who you wanted me to help?”
Cas chuckled along, his eyes locked on Dean as he shared the story over milkshakes at the Roadhouse. “So, how did Victor react?”
Dean's classmates cheered in excitement. Dean shivered. It was not lost on him how Cas said those words, how he had looked Dean square in the eye.
“That hasn’t changed, Claire,” Cas spoke up again. “We know you’re both strong, capable women. But we’re here, so we might as well help. You two can take the lead, and we’ll just be here for support.”
“Just a moment. That’s all I’m asking. And if you want to quit after what I have to show you, then I have the solution for you too!”
Dean cried out in relief as Cas reached around him. The hand that had denied him orgasm was now bringing him to it. "Cas! Cas! Fuck. Holy shit, I'm coming." Dean collapsed into the bed, his knees and arms shaky as his body pulsed in pleasure. "Holy hell, Cas." He looked over, his eyes half-lidded as Cas removed the spreader bar from his ankles. "Did you seriously just take a phone interview in the middle of a scene?"
“Hey, babe.” She pointed the nozzle of the fire extinguisher in her hands at the asshole-in-question. “Credentials or I squeeze the nozzle again.” The man quickly scrambled and showed her his ID. “Gordon Walker, Chewlie Gum Sales Representative.” Lisa shoved the ID back at him. “You caused this damn commotion for what? To sell a few packs of gum?” She sprayed him with the extinguisher again. “Get out of here!” Lisa turned the nozzle at the rest of the crowd. “As for the rest of you! Don’t you all have jobs? Do you want to be treated the way you just treated him? For fuck’s sake, make your purchases and get out of here and stop being a bunch of damn sheeple!”
A few moments later, Cas joined him. "Are you ready to practice, Dean?"
Claire looked down at the ground and mumbled.
“You remember. You made a deal. And you knew what would bring the Empty to take Billie. And you.” Dean took a deep breath and took Cas’ hand into his. “And I know that you didn’t give me a chance to respond. I mean, my brain was trying to process. My best friend— the guy I love —told me that he loved me. Like that. In a way I never thought I could have.” Cas’ eyes widened, and Dean found himself encouraged. “And then as soon as I heard the words I never thought I’d hear? You were gone. I was a mess, Cas.”
Dean bit his bottom lip and grunted. "Not helping, Sir." A tight squeeze around the base of his cock helped to calm him down.
"'Kay, Cas." Dean proceeded to follow the steps Cas guided him through, each try either being corrected or applauded by his instructor. Dean found himself desperately needing the praise and pushed himself harder to make each attempt better than the previous.
“And I’m going home with Gilda.” Charlie gave Cas a hug and whispered in his ear. He smiled and nodded before she looked back at Dean. “Peace out, bitches.”
6:02 PM
"We already spoke with Bobby. He agrees that you never do anything for yourself, so his birthday present is to let you leave early and still get your pay for those lessons." Eileen sat back and smiled smugly at Dean. "Do you honestly think we'd let you have an excuse not to do this?"
“You’re sorry?” Cas laughed, the sound ringing with relief. “You’re sorry.” He shook his head and rested his hands on the back of Dean’s neck before pulling him back in for another kiss. “Dammit, Dean. How you ever thought I couldn’t love you back is beyond me.” Cas smirked before gently pushing  Dean backward. He reversed the steps Dean had forced on him before pinning him back against a freezer. “Stay here.”
Claire matched his pace and started walking side by side with him. They walked in silence for several minutes before she responded. “I just got her back.”
“Sir.” The unknown person interjected again. “Were you here between the hours of noon and three PM yesterday?”
"Nothing good about waking up ass-crack of dawn early. You're a freak of nature.* Dean watched the wince on Sam's face. "Sorry. Just need my caffeine."
Cas nodded, and silence fell over the pair. After a few minutes, Cas spoke up. “Did you want to keep studying?”
“I’m gonna kill him.” Dean dialed his father, and it rang several times before going to voicemail. “Fucking hell, I’m going to kill him.”
“She’s great. She was best friends with my mom, so Sammy and I grew up calling her Aunt Ellen. Her daughter, Jo? She’s in Sam’s grade. So it was like having that big extended family to grow up with.”
“Oh, we’re going to do that again, and again, and again, until whatever that siren did is out of my system.” Cas continued his travels down Dean’s body, his tongue flicking over sensitive nipples, his teeth dragging along skin. Dean shivered and moaned at each little movement, his whole body blushing from the arousal Cas worked up in his stomach.
Cas stood up and offered his hand down to Dean. “I remember this song well, Dean. Shall we tie it to a better memory?” Dean swallowed as he took Cas’ hand and was led to the dance floor. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s shoulders and began to sway. Without another thought, Dean rested his hands on Cas’ waist. “This seems like a good start, wouldn’t you agree, Dean?”
"What?" Dean shot up, quickly scrambling to his knees and turning towards the foot of his bed. "Cas?"
“‘Cause I was, Lisa.” Dean shrugged angrily. “I tried to fool myself into thinking that it was going to be catching up with her and getting fucking closure. But you know what happened instead? She came in and fucked a dead guy in the bathroom!” He gestured at the door in the back corner of the store. “I find out you sucked thirty-seven dicks. Lydia fucking died, leaving behind a daughter and Cassie’s catatonic. I am a fucking curse.”
Cas sat back at the bar and watched as Dean made a fool of himself at the pool table. He knew damn well that Dean could have made that shot. Hell, Dean
"That's a fair question, Mr. Mullens. I do have a personal novel that I'm working on, but the reason it's not done is because I focus on the work I'm given." Cas started to speed up his thrusts, each one stoking the flames in Dean's belly.
"Of course, Dean." Cas took his time setting the paper and pen next to him before reaching into his pocket to grab his phone. He swiped through, finding the suit he had ordered for himself. "You have to promise not to laugh, Dean."
“I think that would work,” Cas replied quickly. Dean mumbled, and Cas’ eyebrow rose in dominance. “What was that?”
“Pucks don’t work on the roof, Cas. You need ice for ice hockey.”
Carefully opening the beekeeper's suit, Dean swallowed hard before stepping into it and started to pull it up. Just like he had guessed, the fabric was ridiculously loose around his thighs. Damn Cas and his running hobby. Sure, the end result was a boyfriend with incredible stamina and endurance, but Dean had to wonder about the efficiency of the suit. He started to slide his arms into the sleeves, and his first prediction proved correct. His shoulders were broader than Cas'. Without having to finish doing it up, he knew there was no way it would close. And if it wouldn't close, bees would be able to get in. Bees that have stingers. And are creepy. And crawl on you. Dean shivered again as he scrambled out of the suit. He frowned, knowing that he was letting Cas down. It wasn't like Cas asked a lot of Dean. He even put up with Dean's obsessive guitar playing, and when he got into writing fits.
“I’m not supposed to be here today. The old man is hungover, and honestly, I almost told him to go fuck himself this morning. But I didn’t want to find out he burned down the shop because he was too far gone to actually remember how to start the coffee.”
“I think Marv just got sick of me leaving the store. He knows he can’t get anyone else to work the fucking job, so as long as I’m somehow available, he doesn’t care.” Cas leaned against the counter, looking out over the store. “Don’t you have practice today?”
"My suit. How did it fit you?"
[Claire 2:19 AM] Dean?
Garth held up his hands in defense. "I'm not making that mistake again, but if I can ask another question. Why? Why hide it from us? We're your family. We love you guys unconditionally."
“First, that’s rude. Second, how do you think
“Red doesn’t talk,” Dean interjected, offering a half-hearted smiled when she flipped him off.
“GODDAMMIT, LISA! I’M BISEXUAL!” Dean cried out, not caring who knew. “I’ve enjoyed the idea of being bent over and fucked, or getting on my knees and sucking off other guys for as long as I can remember. But that doesn’t mean I don’t like fucking women too! Jesus Christ! We live in Kansas! I’m sorry I don’t fucking advertise it for the world to know. I’d much rather not end up dead in a ditch because my father heard me say I find a guy attractive!”
“And we refunded you, and you got the next batch that was—” Ash pressed his fingers to his lips in a chef’s kiss. “—perfection.” Charlie nodded in agreement.
"The real thing." Cas watched Dean for a reaction smiling as Dean blushed. "Stay after class for once?"
“All yours,” Dean whined as Cas started sucking a mark into his neck.
"Please, Dean? I'll pull up the website and order you your own suit and have them ship it overnight." Cas reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone. "See? Going on the website now. As soon as I can walk and put weight on my leg, I'll be right back to it."
[Claire 2:31 AM] Yeah. Old people.
Before Cas could respond, a song from so many years ago started playing through the speakers. Dean snorted and shook his head. “Everything okay, Dean?”
“Hold up, so you’re telling me you didn’t realize, right there, that he meant you?” Charlie jumped up from the bed, her hands flailing before balling them up and punching Dean in the shoulder. “You’re not that fucking dense!”
Dean nodded a third time.
"Not a problem, Kevin." Cas pointed at his jeans, and Dean blushed brightly as his eyes went right to his instructor's crotch. "Your legs are extremities, so the heat won't affect them as much as your core–" Cas pointed at his chest. "–or your arms, since those will be the items closest to the furnace. You want the denim to protect your legs just in case the glass starts to drip from inappropriate handing." Cas looked at Dean and smiled. "But I promise that as long as you listen, you won't have to worry about not handing your load."
"Green, Sir," Dean replied as he tried his hardest not to look behind him and break position.
“This is nice, Cas,” Dean commented after Gabriel walked away. “I guess I’ve dragged you to the Roadhouse enough that it’s my turn to meet the family, huh?”
Dean dragged his hand down his face. His father knew exactly what buttons to push.
[Dean, 10:17 AM]: Cas, Buddy. That's not what I meant.
“Yeah.”
“Huh? Yeah. I’m fine. This is nice.” Cas answered quickly. “Your aunt seems nice.”
“Let me finish? Please? I’m not mad at you. I just… Shit. When Jack told me there was a way to get you out, I couldn’t be stopped. Even Sam thought I was a mad man because of how quickly I worked to get you out.” Dean ran his thumb over Cas’ knuckles. “And then when you were topside? I was ready— God, was I ready —to tell you what you didn’t get the chance to hear.”
"Uh... It's complicated." Dean scratched the back of his neck. "I uh, had a really bad nightmare. He overheard it and woke my ass up." Dean watched Sam carefully. "He offered to keep an eye on me, to help me fall back to sleep.” He looked away, hoping that he wasn’t blushing. “It was the best I ever slept. Cas noticed and offered to spend more nights with me. He figured I’d be in better condition that way."
Cas moved to his knees. "That would be an interesting way to get you to finally move in with me." He pulled at the drawstring of Dean's pants, untying them, before tugging them down over his hips. "Anyway, when was the last time you got to enjoy my lips around your cock?" Cas pulled down Dean's underwear, exposing his cock. "Can't tell me you wouldn't mind switching it up once in a while." He licked a stripe up Dean's cock before swirling his tongue around the tip."
[Dean 2:30 AM] Some people need sleep, Biker Barbie.
"It's uh. It's nothing, Garth. I'm gonna go. Forgot that I left a pie in the oven." Dean pushed himself up and out of his seat, rushing for the exit before anyone could stop him.
“But I got away. I’m fine.” Claire crossed her arms over her chest. “I’m fine.”
Yet, despite knowing that Cas was gay, Dean had never thought that his best friend could possibly have feelings for him. Especially with the fact that Dean had never come out of the closet himself. Only one person ever knew that he was bisexual. And that was the woman he had gone to pay respects to.
“Because…” Dean’s unformed argument was lost on his tongue as Cas returned to biting, leaving marks along his neck and shoulder. “Fuck, Cas!”
“Ten. Besides.” Cas held up a radio. “I put up a sign, said the cameras are rolling and if someone is looking to check out, call me.”
"First and foremost, Dean. Cas went to do Angel stuff. He can't get phone calls in Heaven, so why would I even attempt to call him?" Sam paused and tilted his head. "Second, I'm not going to pester him about your insecurities."
“You got it, Cas.” Dean pulled Cas in for a hug. “Thanks, man.”
“Those look like burnt baked potatoes.” The customer paled and looked at Dean and the cigarettes. “But I need my fix, man. I know they’re bad for me, but I can breathe just fine. My lungs don’t feel like… like that.”
“Yeah, I understood THREE!” Dean’s voice dropped to barely above a whisper. “How many?”
“Tried?!” Kaia replied, and Dean could hear the exasperation in her voice. “He pulled you in and under, Claire!”
Cas looked up at Dean and shook his head. "Love, I can't. Any one of those companies can call at any time. I need to be ready to answer the phone."
“So clearly, that wasn’t the catalyst. And I know that Cas went to Boston.” She shook her head. “I didn’t even know he considered staying here.”
“What’s the worst that’s going to happen, Cas?” Dean fidgeted with his fingernails, picking at the dead skin and cuticles. “I break up an engagement for no good reason? Just proves that I’m a shit person that doesn’t deserve good things.”
Cas ran his fingers through Dean’s hair. “I’m sorry, Dean.” Sam felt Dean’s body twitch as Cas pulled the knife out of his side. The bright warm glow that indicated healing emitted from Cas’ fingers, and the bleeding from Dean’s side stopped. While the angel was distracted with Dean’s injury, healing what he could while he could, Sam kept an eye on his brother, making sure Dean was still breathing, was still alive. Sam watched as Dean’s lips opened slightly, his tongue barely moistening them, as he softly whispered, “I love you, Cas.” before going limp in his arms.
Dean contemplated saying something else to ease Cas’ nerves when Ellen came up to the table. “Boy, you think you could just waltz right past the bar and not say hello?”
Dean nodded and ran to the bar, tossing a pair of twenties on the counter. He returned to Cas just as quickly and grabbed his hand, leading him out of the establishment. “Sorry, Cas. I should have been more careful with my drink.”
“Okay, I don’t know if I should be mad at you because you lied that you were the reason Cas stopped hanging out with us or because you left him like that!” Charlie had started pacing the room as Dean recounted that fateful night so many years ago. “You absolutely loved him. Anyone who had eyes could see that!” She stopped in front of Dean and jabbed a finger into the shoulder she had punched, causing him to wince. “I get that we were young, and you were afraid. But we were leaving. All of us!”
“Can’t.” Dean huffed and turned in place, storming back into the shop.
"I look—
“You’re saying that he does remember?” Dean allowed her to pull him down the path. “So, what are you suggesting?”
"Alright, so those are the tools. Let's introduce you to the furnaces." Cas stood up and led the group over to the large ovens, giving Dean the opportunity to adjust himself without anyone seeing. He stood behind everyone as Cas showed off the first one. "This one, along with three others, are our main furnaces. These are the ones that hit about 2,400 degrees Fahrenheit and melt the raw materials into the molten glass. There is what is known as a crucible inside each one. That holds the glass in its liquid form until we're ready to work with it."
Dean whimpered internally. At least he hoped it was silent and not out loud. This Cas guy was going to be the death of him.
Hook. Line. Sinker.
A couple of hours into his work, a weak coughing fit next to him startled him out of his focus. Dean was starting to stir. Sam marked his page and closed his book before getting up and crossing to his brother. Bright green eyes began to open, trying to focus. Sam placed a hand lightly on his brother’s chest to keep him from moving or sitting up. “Hey there, Jerk. Done trying to scare us?”
Dean waited until Alistair exited. “Gorgeous?”
As if reciting a spell, Dean responded, his come painting them both in hot white streaks. The intensity ripped Cas’ orgasm from him not long after, and he collapsed against Dean, pinning him more securely against the freezer door.
While they waited for Ash to finish setting up, Dean looked around for his team. Benny was putting in their orders with Jo at the bar. Cas and Charlie held their table, talking about some new book that had come out while he and Sam were throwing some darts. The only person left to show up was Garth.
“When Lando and his squad blew it up the second time around, it wasn't finished yet. Construction was still occurring.”
“That’s Snowball. He’s a regular over at the Diner.”
"Of course, darling. Have I missed anything?"
Dean shook his head. “It wasn’t me! What time was it?”
"That may have been the case, yes." Cas ran his fingers through Dean's hair. "He wasn't exactly surprised to see me walk out of your room, and he may have cornered me."
Cas nodded slowly and slid—almost catlike—back against the passenger door. He looked wound up and ready to spring the moment Dean’s three seconds were up.
“Lis, I know all of the sexual innuendos. I think I’d know that one.” He slid the last pack in before leaning back against the counter.
This is the first of many kisses. Sometimes, they kiss in front of honeybees at the zoo, and a lot of times, they kiss at the Roadhouse. Cas kisses Dean’s tears when he tells him about Lisa and the meaning of the tradition Cas helps him upkeep each month. They kiss once to seal the deal almost one year to the day after their first. Dean kisses Cas as he uses a pocket knife to carve their initials next to the ones Lisa carved all those years ago. Over the years, they kiss dramatically wherever they can just to embarrass Ben (who really doesn’t mind that they kiss at all). (Cas kisses Dean especially hard the night Ben first calls him dad). And, most importantly, they kiss every morning and each night, in a small promise to spend their lives in the best of company— each other’s.
He starts to order his usual and Jo winks signaling she remembers even after all these years– Dean can’t believe she runs this on her own now. Jo always
Lisa who gave him his son.
nice shirt, Ben. I absolutely love bees.” Cas smiles as he pokes Ben gently on one of the bees littering the light blue button up Dean bought him because it reminded him of Cas.
So, again, they’re watching the trucks.
He waves Cas over who nods knowingly and heads to the back toward the register. Dean is digging in his wallet when Cas sets the receipt down on the bar with a quick “Have a goodnight, Dean” before heading back to help Jo who is now rolling utensils with the napkins before the dinner rush.
“What, you don’t like Bobby and Rufus? I don’t think they’re so bad… sorta got that old grouch charm...” Dean trails off, shocked at the joking tone of his own voice– is he… flirting?
anything.”
“Dean, I found the sandpaper and I also grabbed some extra paint for that wall in the living–” Dean’s cut off as Cas rounds the corner looking down at the sandpaper packaging and clearly missing all the fun in aisle nine, “Oh. Hi!”
After a while of watching the free (loud) show, Cas realizes it really is 90 degrees and they should
Maybe they can watch the trucks for a bit longer.
“Who says that?” Dean feels himself smile in jest… it feels good to smile on instinct rather than calculated direction in an attempt to prove he’s
He ends up finding them along with a confused pre-teen boy comparing screw sizes to an outlet cover. Dean laughs to himself before offering his help, “Anything I can help with?”
“Jeeze, what got his panties in a bunch?” Jo mumbles with a bit of amusement that Cas can tell is there to mask her genuine concern.
He takes Ben’s hand, looking both ways as they cross the gravel parking lot. They reach the front and Dean takes a brief moment to collect himself.
Cas rolled his eyes and snapped his fingers, this time his own pants disappearing. Dean let out a strangled noise; the size of Cas’ cock was always intimidating at first glance, even after all this time. “I don’t know how easy I’m going to be able to take this, Dean. I’m still under the effects of the poison.”
[Dean 11:06 AM]: Claire needed our help.
5:31 PM
And now? He got to see if he had what it took to do it himself.
“I don’t have time for that.” Dean dragged his hand down his face and pushed past the duo. He unlocked the
"Goddammit, Sam," Dean grumbled quietly under his breath. "I'm sorry, you shouldn't feel pressured–"
[Sam 11:04 AM]: What happened to giving Cas a chance to get used to being human?
“What!?” Dean whispered in surprise. His eyes followed to the door where the quiet brunet who sat in the front row entered sheepishly.
“Ready, Cas?”
“Dude, no soliciting.” Dean pointed over at a sign by the door. “No bothering my customers.”
1:25 PM
“So you’d stop self-sabotaging yourself! She wasn’t mad when I told her!”
“I will tell you to stop, but I need you, Cas. Please?”
“It means that you had a specific issue that needed resolving, and I couldn’t fix it.” Cas picked up a pair of cards off a table and handed one to Dean. “Or I uh, I wasn’t your first choice.”
“Cas doesn’t need to waste more grace on me. I’ll be... Hey!” Dean found himself held down in place by Sam. “Let me up.”
“Cas, are you sure we shouldn’t stay here the night?” Sam asked softly.
“He needs to be held accountable.” Missouri looked over at Dean and pointed at him. “If you miss even one session with Castiel, I will personally kick your ass.”
“Get to your point, Ash.” Cas stood next to Dean and rubbed his back, comforting him. “It’s been a long day, and Dean—”
“He doesn’t remember—”
"Please, Sir?"
“WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU’RE DOING?” The room behind them exploded, their fellow mourners crying out in outrage.
Dean fought not to roll his eyes. Castiel clearly didn’t want to be there any more than he did. “Mrs. Moseley, I don’t need a tutor.”
“Not as sorry as my father’s going to be if he doesn’t get his ass here now.” His cell went to voicemail for the second time. “Fucking hell.”
“Angel.” The siren spat to the side before looking back up at him. “Say I wasn't working alone. Why would I give away my partner? Wouldn’t it make more sense for me to make sure they stay safe? Unlike the way you gave away green-eyes back at the pool table?”
“And you promise Kevin will be there at Noon to relieve me?” Dean sat up, cursing under his breath.
"You were expecting somebody else?" Cas looked at the door. "I hadn't heard from you since your last text message. I was concerned.”
Using the smoke can, Dean let the smoke slowly drift out of the nozzle and down into the hive. The change in the bees was almost instant, and despite being calm before, they appeared to chill out even more. Almost like they were buzzed out on the good stuff. Dean chuckled at himself. Buzzed out.
“What? Why?” Dean watched in confusion as Cas turned around and headed to the front of the shop. “Cas?”
“The girl hit several marts in that time frame. I don’t know what exact time she was here.”
"Come here, Dean." Cas patted his lap, and Dean carefully climbed on top, straddling him. "I said you were clever. I saw the whole thing. The bees weren't upset or offended, and it looked like you might have actually been enjoying taking care of them... if the shaking of your hips were any indication."
"I can do that?" Cas replied sarcastically. "I had no idea."
Kevin appeared to be satisfied with Cas' answer and nodded.
“You’re not my boss.” Cas pushed himself to standing, unknowingly giving Dean a look at his toned arms. “I don’t think my boss actually checks if I do open the store. It’s not like we turn a profit in there. Not with fucking streaming services.”
Dean gestured to everyone to move back before he walked over to the edge. While it didn’t appear that the ball had broken anything or hit anyone, the cursing below continued. Dean leaned over to see an irate someone tugging at the door. Was it just a coincidence that the person yelled when the ball went over the edge? Dean quickly spotted the ball and turned to ask Cas to run and grab it.
“Coming!” He turned quickly, hoping no one caught him staring at Cas. It was bad enough that he was fighting with the woman he was actually dating. If someone saw him staring at Cas? Yeah. That was not a thought Dean wanted to linger on.
Charlie rolled her eyes before lighting the joint and taking a puff. She gestured to Dean, asking if he wanted some, and he held his hands up. “Thanks, Red, but no thanks. I gotta stay sober for this hell hole.” She shrugged and passed the joint to Ash. “Behave you two, and I’ll keep the end-of-day discards for you.”
Cas joined them, his fingers tenderly pressing at where the knife was protruding from Dean’s side. “I think it’s punctured his lung, Sam.”
“You made Lasagna this morning? What time did you get up?”
“She loves you too, Claire.” Dean kicked a pebble out of the way. “Which is why it probably frustrates her that you won’t let her help, but you can run headfirst into danger and get hurt.”
Dean shook his head, stealing a glance at her. “No. It’s still a sexual act. When I said six people, that included any kind of sexual act. I didn’t exclude oral sex.” He handed the change to the customer and turned to face Lisa. “I’m gonna ask again. How many?”
“I don’t know if Cas loves me.” Dean frowned as his hand dropped to his side.
Dean's hearing shut off as his brain processed the words 'glory' and 'hole' rolling off of Cas' tongue. If not for sheer force of will, Dean would have easily blown his load in his pants right there. It certainly didn't help that Cas was oblivious to what he was saying. These were words in his everyday speech because they were part of his job. Dean heard glory hole, and his mind instantly went to the clubs that he would never admit he went to when lonely.
“Stop the sassin’. Your momma would be rollin’ in her grave right now if she heard the way you were speakin’.” Missouri leaned forward on her desk. “Hell, if she knew that you were turnin’ this down, she’d roll again.”
“I didn’t need to hear it, Dean. I knew. I saw it in your eyes.”
Almost.
class for you with a more intimate setting."
that the reason you cheated on me? It was because you thought I cheated on you.” He glared at her, his shoulders tensing in irritation. “How the fuck did you come up with the idea I would cheat on you? You were my first love, Cassie!”
“You still planning on joining me and Charlie at KU?” Dean leaned forward and rested his chin on his fists. “I could request you as my roommate.”
“I know it’s not.” Dean’s face warmed up at the small gesture. “You won’t let me think that anyway.”
Cas’ eyes flashed open, glowing the bright blue the brothers had gotten used to over the past decade. His attention snapped to Dean, and he gently placed his hand where Dean had been stabbed. The familiar gold radiated from Cas’ hand, and Dean’s coughing eased.
Cas didn't rise to the bait, instead talking to the students. "There are no expectations for you to make a sphere like this today. However, the closer you can get, the easier the next two classes will be. Go to your benches. Let’s get started."
“Lebanon is her hometown, as much as it’s ours.” Cassie Robinson was a bitter subject for Dean, despite the fact it had been years since they had last seen each other, let alone date. “Awww, let me guess. You get an invite?”
Cas tilted his chin up. “And I love you, Dean.” He smiled as he leaned in to capture Dean’s lips with his own.
love with.”
“As do you.” Cas gripped Dean’s hips and thrust up carefully as Dean continued to take in every last inch. “I’m not going to last long.”
“Sorry, Cas. I missed your question. I was lost in the feeling.”
"Not at all," Balthazar replied. "Cassie isn't going to blow into that, so he can put it right back into the crucible. If he blew into it and then fucked it up, we have a mistake box that we break the glass into. That glass is then melted down and used for more artistic pieces rather than the practical pieces we also make."
“You were my best friend, and I yours, Dean,” Cas replied softly. After a moment, Dean felt a hand rest on his cheek and his face being lifted. “And I’m sorry I was too blinded by my feelings to realize that you didn’t feel the same.”
“What was that, Cas?”
“Yeah, of course, I do…” Charlie trailed off as the proverbial light bulb went off over her head. “Cas.”
“Cas?”
"It moved on from there. Now we occasionally blow off some steam." Dean took a moment to watch several expressions run across his brother’s face. Excitement. Joy. Confusion. And now Classic Bitch Face #127.  "What?"
“Excuse me?”
Charlie walked over and swatted at Dean’s hand. She started to pull a bobby pin out of her hair when she shook her head and gestured for Dean to look at the keyhole.
coming off
"I'd be more than happy to come in for an interview. Just tell me... Now? On the phone? Of course. I'm free if you are." Cas pulled back out and, for a brief moment, Dean thought that Cas was ending the scene. "Yes, that's correct. Both my Bachelor's and Master’s are from Boston University." Cas slid back in and nailed Dean right in his prostate, causing Dean to slap his hand over his mouth to keep from crying out.
Dean licked his lips and swallowed. "As ready as I'm going to be."
“Don’t think she wants to lose you either, Kiddo.”
Dean huffed out in annoyance. “That had a little to do with it.”
Charlie rolled her eyes and stood up, crossing over to Dean and resting her hands on his shoulders. “I told you so you wouldn’t be caught unaware. It’s been fifteen years, Dean. What are you worried about? In all our time as besties, that’s the one thing you never explained to me.”
Lisa nodded in confirmation. “Dean, this is Alistair Black. Alistair, this is Dean Winchester, my boyfriend.” She hugged his arm and scooched even closer to him.
How the hell was it so fucking busy so fucking early on a Saturday? Weren’t people supposed to sleep in? Dean rolled his eyes as the next person walked up to the counter. “Anything else I can get you?”
An inflatable T-Rex Costume.
And over the parapet.
“One, I loved her; I wasn’t in love with her. Two, why the fuck did you tell her I was going to go on a date with Cassie?”
Dean shook his head as he fought to keep himself from thrusting into Cas’ hand. “No, I mean I’ve been missing out on you.” Cas rewarded him with a kiss, which he quickly melted into. “It’s different when it’s with the person you’re
“No, no, no, Cas, wait!"
“Probably just doing the stuff that women do to get ready. Makeup, hair. The whole ten yards.” Dean leaned on the counter and looked over at Cas. “You think I’m making a mistake.”
“Dean, be quiet.” Charlie interrupted.
“Not that any of them would have a chance.” Dean shrugged. “Not interested. I mean, we’re graduating in a few months. People are heading off to college. Hell, even though I’m not going far, I don’t want to string anyone along.” Dean watched as Cas frowned. “Dude, I’m not gonna leave my number one guy high and dry.”
Dean would never admit how attractive he found Cas during a fight. One, because he would never hear the end of it from Sam; and two, he knew that his feelings towards the fallen angel were unrequited.
“So… You’re closing up, right?” Cas took his phone and gave Dean’s back. “There’s honestly nothing keeping you here.”
After what seemed like several minutes of nothing but 'mhmms' and other one-word answers, Cas spoke up again. "No, I understand. I'm extremely hard-working, dedicated, and loyal. I stay on task, and I've been told that my ability to handle multiple projects at once is impressive."
“I’m sorry, what was that? Lost your voice all of a sudden?”
“That was only meant as a backup plan if you didn’t get into college. You got in!” She shoved the test at him. “You’re trying to fail on purpose.”
