It’s too late, now, isn’t it? Tony’s sealed his own fate. He’s gotten a taste, and it wasn’t enough. It’s only a matter of time before he comes back for more. Tony can’t wait to taste Steve again.
After the Iron Man demonstration, Stark told Tony he would try to find out some more detailed plans for the transistors. He said something about having left them in his office, disappearing out of the door, Cap looking wistfully at his back.
Steve would never have thought that he would one day ask a weredog if he was friends with a scarecrow, but here they were.
With those words, he buried Tony in his arms, pressing his face into his neck, and breathed in, letting the tension of the last months release as he reassured himself that Tony was, really, going to be okay.
Tony watches as Steve walks up the steps to the entrance. His back is straight. Tony doesn’t know if he’s found a new spark of fighting spirit since Tony left him in the cell, or if it’s just for show.
Steve’s jaw tenses, a tendon pulling in his neck. Is he debating the pros and cons of beating Tony to death versus beheading him? Is he wondering if he shouldn’t just get it over with until Tony’s so broken he won’t be able to speak, let alone disappoint Steve anymore?
“I don’t want to do it without you. We just moved here, and you said we would have the shop together. Don’t break your promises.”
Tony tries to talk, tries to move, but his limbs won’t cooperate, and his helmet is so damaged that the mics don’t work anymore. His vision blurs and greys as Steve punches and punches and punches and
Steve shakes him again, and his hands tighten until Tony gasps in pain. Steve lets him go as if burnt and punches the wall, then swears violently.
There was no threat in the words, but the hint was there. Steve backed off, looking for another heating source, but after two careful walks around the kitchen, he still couldn’t find any. He turned back to Jarvis.
At his curt words, there was a flash of anger in her eyes, which she schooled behind a smile as fake as Steve’s was.
Sharon is screaming something in Tony’s ear, but it’s just distorted enough that he can’t make sense of her words. Her hand comes into his field of vision, dripping red. Was she hit too? No, it doesn’t make sense, she wasn’t anywhere near Steve when the sniper shot. Tony’s gaze follows her hand down Steve’s collarbone, past the star, and to the crimson mess of the stripes.
He couldn’t continue like this, he should send a letter to Natasha, apologise for not telling her. Maybe James would agree to carry the letter to her. Why was he here, anyways? He still hadn’t told Steve. Was there something else he needed to say? Or was he hiding from the Witch? Wasn’t Shield safe enough? It had to be safer than the home of the man that was being hunted by the Witch, anyhow.
These falling stars were killing themselves, he understood. And that boy was saving one of them. He put his hands to his mouth and ate the star, the light pulsing pink and purple in his throat before dying in a midnight blue glow in his chest. Steve cried out loud at that, afraid for the boy, and why wasn’t he getting closer?
They start light, stretching for five minutes, doing a few burpies, running two laps across the gym to get the body warm and the blood flowing. Every time Steve breathes, he pushes oxygen into his lungs, oxygen that passes through the respiratory membranes into his bloodstream into his muscles. If he exerts his muscles, they’ll ask for more oxygen and he’ll breathe heavier and his heart will beat faster and there will be so much movement in his veins, and Tony can almost hear the blood rushing. He should make Steve break a sweat, put him through his paces, anything to make the flow of the blood in his arteries stronger. If Tony bit Steve’s bicep, he bets it would spurt out like water from a burst pipe. Beautiful.
“You’re very courageous, St—Rogers. My knight in shining armour. You know what, I’m going to promote you to Captain of the guard of the moving castle, what do you say, Rogers?”
Is this Steve’s idea of a punishment? Is it some kind of retribution for making Steve forget, for lying to him? Is this Tony’s sentence, to get killed over and over again by Steve? Or is this a way for Steve to vent his wrath without any long-lasting consequences? Kill a Tony, you’ll feel better?
Steve, at a loss, had shaken the bottle thrice, thinking very hard of the feeling of relief that came when a coughing fit was over. The liquid had changed colour, Jarvis humming approvingly, and Steve had given the vial to the girl. She had offered him a bronze coin, thanked him very politely, and disappeared before he could ask himself why she had given him so little money.
He’d walk to Ma’Hattan, see what he could do, and then he would send her a letter. And write that she shouldn’t come. Yes, that would work.
He couldn’t stop himself from glancing at Stark’s naked back, and the curve of his bottom, and… he stared right ahead, purposefully ignoring the fact that he was carrying a very naked, very attractive man upstairs.
Meanwhile, Stark seemed to have lost all strength, his head falling dangerously low, his torso bending worryingly. His skin was glistening wetly, then glistening too much for it to be natural. He was taking on a green tinge, his skin mollifying, turning to slime. Soon, there was a pool of slime around Stark, and his whole body was covered in it. It had started flowing into the fireplace from where it dripped from Stark’s head, and Jarvis was retreating as far as he could, urging Steve to take Stark away before he became extinguished.
She managed to strike him in the middle of the chest, a bright burning agony that made his heart stutter. It was a terrible pain, white-hot and searing, as if she was branding a star right into his chest.
Tony looked away, sighing deeply as he sat down on a bench. He scratched at his marks and offered Steve a half-smile.
“Ah! I know. Simple, but truly effective against a fickle man like him. Now, don’t even try to lift the curse, you won’t be able to tell anyone about it.”
Tony’s life is a series of mistakes. Looking up to his father, trusting Obadiah, trusting Yinsen, keeping himself alive, letting the Avengers in. Mistake after mistake, and he made the worst one yet when he let himself get a flavour of Steve. He was always going to, but he’s given in too soon. How long have the Avengers been assembled? A few months at most? It’s not enough to have settled into anything. It’s not long enough for the team to survive what’s about to happen between Steve and Tony. With a little bit of luck, Tony will be the one to die when it goes down. He hopes he’ll get at least one good suck in before that happens, though. What better way to die, than tasting the sweet ambrosia of Steve’s blood?
Steve felt faint at her words. It had been a trap, after all, but that meant that she didn’t have Tony. He was still safe, she didn’t have him, he could still make it out, it could still work out fine, he just needed to let Steve go, she didn’t have him, it was all good.
“Heart attack. I need the electricity to power the repulsor pump that keeps it beating, but it’s weak, and steadily getting worse. Is there really nothing you can do?” The desperation leaked into his voice.
“I’m going to disappear soon. Thank you for the tips, Stark. And Cap, I’ll make sure to find you in my reality. Such a pretty fella like you, would be a shame to never meet you.”
He could send the armour. He spends so much time in it already, no one will know that this time there is no one behind the faceplate.
Tony’s a little surprised that Steve only brought Thor and Black Widow with him, but then again, his wrath might be so consuming that he can’t think clearly anymore. For all he knows, they’re here to stop Steve from doing something too drastic. They aren’t angry with him, and Tony wonders if they even know why they’re here. Do they know what he’s done? Do they know what’s waiting for all of them? Or are they trusting Steve to be right, to know what he’s doing, when he accuses Tony of being a traitor?
Tony’s working on his latest armour when Steve walks in. He’s in full Captain America gear, and has the air of urgency around him that usually means there’s an Avengers emergency, but there hasn’t been an alarm, so Tony doesn’t know what’s going on.
But if he’s absent, Steve will think that Tony believes himself to be better than him, that Steve is below his notice. If he’s absent, he won’t be there to make sure that no angry civilian jumps Steve. He needs to set an example, too. He wants to show that he’s taking his responsibilities seriously, that he’s going to be on the field as a Director. He doesn’t want to be someone that hides behind closed doors and written commands.
What really distressed Tony, however, was that Steve had seen the Witch of the Waste so close to his home. He’d been very upset at first, wanting to know if the Witch had seen Steve, if they had talked, if there was any chance that she could have known that Steve had been in her vicinity. When Steve had assured that no, she hadn’t seen him, and she hadn’t shown any sign of feeling his aura or her own curse or anything like that, Tony had been mollified somewhat. Until he had realised that the Witch was looking for him and his home, and that she was very close to succeeding. For all they knew, she could be standing outside the shop window right now.
The warm light made the clouds glow golden and orange, Brooklyne gleaming underneath Steve. From here, it looked almost peaceful. There wasn’t any sound on the hills apart from the wind, some birds chirping, and…an angry snarling?
Sure enough, it’s only a few minutes before the familiar scent invades Tony’s senses and the back of his neck prickles. He turns around to face Steve. He’s wearing his uniform, cowl down. He’s standing in parade rest, his shoulders drawn back tight, his chin high, hands behind his back. The blush high on his cheeks undermines the steely resolve in his eyes. Tony inhales through his nose. Under the alluring scent, there’s a tremor of fear. Steve is here for Tony, then. He’s going to lay everything out in the open. No more hiding, no more innuendos, no stolen glances. This is it.
Steve might have slept, he might have died, but something brought him back. The light had changed colour.
The scarecrow was hopping along the castle, the cloth fluttering in the wind, bouncing up and down and getting dangerously close to reaching the door. Of course,
“You didn’t want to listen to what I had to say, so you just made me forget, huh? Just like that? Is this your way of making it right? Huh?
Time to see if Steve is feeling murderous again or if they can actually get something constructive done this time.
Hearing her dismiss his entire existence in one swoop was enough for Steve to flush angrily. If she wanted to insult him like that, she could do it outside the shop, and now. He stepped forward, ready to make her leave, but she raised a finger, and he found himself unable to move.
“I mean, not that letting out a little steam isn’t understandable, but we’ve got more pressing matters than a little friendly murder between—” and he stops at that, because what are they? Teammates? Former friends? Enemies? Executioner and death row inmate?
There are many things they need to work out, how the time loop started in the first place, how they broke out of it, where the other teammates are. They should be making plans on how to deal with the aftermath of Tony’s betrayal, because Tony and the Illuminati need to be held accountable, and now they have something they didn’t have, and maybe they can fix the incursions with the time gem, now that they have it. The future is rife with new possibilities, but that can come later.
He couldn’t see what was happening in the outside world. There were only impressions of light and colour. Light blue in his upper field of vision, a darker shade in the middle, shapes and forms that had no meaning.
The soldiers drew their weapons, shouting at him that he was going to regret sticking his nose where it didn’t belong, and Steve silently watched as the girl slipped away into the safety of the main street. He’d done good, and whatever happened now, it would be worth it. He let the guards circle him, muscles tensed and ready to bolt or fight his way out. He’d never fought men with bayonet mounted muskets before. One of them lunged at him, and he sidestepped the sharp blade at the end of the gun. The soldier had aimed for his heart. The alcohol had gone to their heads, and they were trying to kill him. He didn’t plan on dying like this, however.
Tony struggled up into a sitting position, grabbing his chest with one hand, wiping his brow with the other.
Of course, Tony tries to find Steve anyway. Just to know where he is. Just in case Nomad needs help. But it doesn’t work. He tries, and tries, and tries, but Steve’s gone.
Steve gripped his shield tighter, staring at Jarvis, body tense and mind running. Tony had fled towards the harbour, Steve realised.
The moment he was out of the gate, the armour reassembled itself, Jarvis apologizing softly for the abrupt disappearance, Steve reassuring him that it wasn’t a problem, and thanking him for the help.
He can almost see it, can almost guess how it happened. The Steve he left was well on his way to tyraniccal obsession, after all.
“Yes, I guess you’re right. It’s just so… I didn’t expect Tony Stark to be Iron Man. It seems almost too good to be true. Sorry, hm.”
Tony dares to smile back, and Steve kisses him again. This time, Tony closes his eyes, and he barely registers the world going orange behind his eyelids.
He’s kind, and he doesn’t want to acknowledge it. He’s handsome, too, and one of the few things that I don’t like about him isn’t even a personality trait, but the fact that he…”
He’s known it since the first time he took off his helmet in Steve’s presence, that night in Stuttgart. The smell hit Tony like a brick wall, making him choke on it. Even Loki’s inhuman scent-- wrong and biting sharp-- paled in comparison to the heavy drug that was Steve.
“I will, okay, I will. Please concentrate on burning while I help Tony,” Steve hurriedly answered. Jarvis seemed to accept the answer and closed his eyes, turning dormant, glowing so faintly Steve would have thought the fire had died down to embers. But when he saw that Jarvis was burning through the logs faster than he used to, he realised that he was recuperating. Good. Now to take care of Tony.
“Good morning, sir fire demon.” He couldn’t be too careful with his manners. The fire demon looked amused, though, and crackled a bit before answering:
Tony’s strength left him, the last of his magic aura exhausting itself to give him his human appearance again. His legs gave out.
“Ahhhh…My head—I can’t—I don’t—Where is this coming from, there’s something I need to say but I don’t know why and it hurts so
He picked flowers at random, half-formed ideas about how to combine them floating in his head. When he had a good number of flowers, the sun was long gone, the sky a gradient of blue and black. Near the horizon, the blue was almost the same colour as Tony’s magic.
He took a step forward, determined to make her talk, but when he opened his mouth again, he found he couldn’t utter a sound. His body was stuck in the same paralysis as the night he’d been cursed. He couldn’t move, and this felt awfully familiar. The Witch sauntered towards him, cackling lightly.
Now, he’s wandering the streets in the same clothes he’s worn for months, looking for a woman he can’t help. It’s Christmas tomorrow, and the blizzard is so thick that he can’t see more than a few feet before him.
In less than ten minutes, they were back at the castle, Stark making sure the door was properly locked, before stumbling over to the sofa. His hands were trembling, Steve noticed.
Steve talks and laughs with Tony, opens himself up just a little more every time they spend time together, and Tony doesn’t know what he wants most: to kiss Steve, or to kill him.
He blinked tiredly at Strange, then snapped himself awake once he realised who was standing in front of him.
As soon as the scarecrow touched the skull, they fused into one in a cloud of orange smoke. When the smoke cleared, there was a man standing in front of Steve, as tall as Tony, his black hair slicked back elegantly, hints of white strands at his temples. He had a tasteful goatee that reminded Steve of Tony’s moustache. He was clad in dark blue clothes, the dark red robes he’d had as a scarecrow transformed into a grand cloak that was swaying lightly around him.
. This man has a bigger rack than half of the women Tony's fucked-- but the eyes are all wrong. Where they were ocean-blue, they're now icy cold. Any warmth is gone. The only way to get any heat from those eyes would be to come too close to Steve and suffer ice-burn.
The silence goes on as Steve’s breathing grows heavier and Tony retreats far into his body, ready to take a beating.
The scars couldn’t be anything other than magical in nature. They were a dark blue, just under the skin, and fanned out from the centre of his chest, just next to his heart. They all originated from a crude circle, and spread out across the chest, the ones reaching the furthest circling a nipple and licking the collarbone. They seemed alive, almost, as if they would start moving any moment. Steve stared and stared, but apart from a faint rippling under the scars, nothing changed, which didn’t reassure Steve in the slightest.
Steve couldn’t see their expressions, but he knew that the magic users could not spare a moment of distraction, or the other would hit them. Steve couldn’t risk calling for Tony. Most likely, he wouldn’t even hear him, but in the off chance that he would, it could fatally distract him.
He can’t come up with a good reason to keep fighting, so he lies there, and waits for something to happen.
It’s a matter of days before Tony’s life as he knows it ends. Tony isn’t even trying to be polite about his hunger anymore. Every time he and Steve are in the same room, he doesn’t look away from the super-soldier. Several times now, he’s licked his lips unconsciously while watching Steve, as JARVIS has told him. Tony wants to gorge himself on Steve, and he wants Steve to know it.
From what Steve had understood, the Witch of the Waste had done this. To remind Tony that his time was up.
He wondered if his ice block would ever melt, or if it would stay cold forever, trapping him there for all eternity.
The words were whispered, but Steve still heard them. Hearing Tony so desperate made his heart ache. What did it matter if Tony didn’t love him? Steve cared for him, and Tony cared for Steve, and that would have to be enough. Matters of the heart were not important right now. Tony was dying, and Steve wanted to be there for him.
He propels himself against Tony, and they crash into the wall, Steve’s eyes boring into Tony’s as his skull cracks against the reinforced steel. Steve’s screaming in his face, but he can’t hear him, and one of his eyes doesn’t work anymore, and there’s something sticky oozing into his hair and neck, and his legs give out at the same time Steve’s expression shifts from furious to confused. He doesn’t register falling to the ground, because he can’t see anymore, and then he can’t feel, and then he can’t think.
This was…this was important. Something important was happening, Steve could feel it in the way his heart was beating faster, in the heat rising up his cheeks and ears, in his stuttered breathing.
“What Ms. Potts means is that we’re glad that you’re back, and that if you ever do this again, we’ll both quit. Sir.”
“I—I can’t. I. I don’t want everyone to know about the incursions because that would lead to mass panic and guilt and they deserve to live in happiness, even if its’ a lie, because the next months might be our last, might be everyone’s last. And I hoped we would find a solution before it would get this serious. We’re working on it, we’re recruiting and we’re putting the best minds on Earth on it and—”
If Steve hadn’t hesitated, at that crucial second, shield high and blinding in the dust and noise of the city crumbling around them, he would have cut Tony’s head in half.
The dog was panting, chest expanding as if it had made a great effort. It wasn’t growling, just trembling slightly in front of the fireplace. Jarvis was silent, most probably trying to understand why the dog had entered the castle. Was it looking for Tony? Did the dog hate him that much? Or had Lord Fury sent it? There wasn’t anything on it that suggested at a message.
Tony didn’t come home in the evening, and after a quiet dinner with James, Steve went to bed. He thought he’d be too worked up to sleep, but with everything that had happened that day, Steve fell asleep in minutes.
Tony knows that he shouldn’t even be contemplating this, that it’s the height of unprofessionalism, but he’s just so tired. He can’t afford to be anything else than at his best in this line of work. He’s putting people in danger just by being unwell.
mistakes you did back then, and the worst part is that you don’t even know what I’m talking about! How can we even get anything done if you don’t remember a single thing? I heard rumours, Tony, and saw some footage from your time as Director of SHIELD, and you were a fucking wreck. You were a wreck, and you were having hallucinations and you were blaming yourself for my death and I can’t make any sense of it because during the war, you were doing so much heartless stuff and acting like you couldn’t care less but clearly you did! Did you see yourself at my—at my funeral? Because you couldn’t even say a single fucking sentence before you broke down sobbing! And I was dead, and then I come back, and you’ve deleted your fucking brain, and you ask us if we really should bring you back, and what the fuck is that, Tony? What the
Around him, the remaining suits of armour where busy fighting Strange and James, who were fighting back to back, holding their own. James was ripping into them with his arm, the unnatural strength working to his advantage, while Strange made circular motions with his hands, conjuring up portals and spells in bright orange sparks.
He opens it, because he wants to get this over with, but he misjudged Steve, Steve who throws the shield at him and cracks his sternum and watches as Tony falls to the ground, chest heaving, searching for air that doesn’t come.
Don’t waste your breath, Tony wants to say, but his words won’t come. He desperately wets his lips, head feverish with thoughts that trip over themselves.
And with that, Stark had effectively cut off the conversation. Steve excused himself from the bathroom to give him privacy and started cleaning up the leftover slime from the stairs and floor. When he was back in the kitchen, Jarvis was unharmed, but his eyes were still troubled. He asked Steve if he had seen anything strange, and Steve knew that Jarvis knew about the marks, or at least suspected they were there. He told Jarvis about them nonetheless, his suspicions confirmed when Jarvis became even more worried.
“Thank you for the explanation, Mr. Rogers,” the King said. He was smirking, lips curled up behind his hand.
Weaker than he had felt in years. Weaker than when he’d been bed-ridden for a week with an awful cough. His head was hurting, his joints aching, his heart beating a little too fast. What had she done?
He didn’t want to think about it. So what if Stark couldn’t settle on an identity? So what if he was nice to his customers? So what if he practically gave away his spells to the poor? So what if Steve was allowed to stay? So what if his smiles made Steve’s heart stop? So what if he’d saved Steve’s life? So what?
He walked down the stairs, surprised when he didn’t feel the magic anymore. Did it only affect the ones that walked upwards? Steve decided to try it out. He walked up a few steps, but nothing happened. He supposed the magic knew somehow that he’d already seen the King.
“Oh, please, call me Tony. I think we can, uh, stop with the formalities now that you know who’s behind the mask.”
“I—It’s hard—my memories—all over the place. Bu—no. James. I’m James. James? James B… Buc—I don’t remember.”
Tony came down just as Steve put the eggs on two plates, stopping his train of thought. He was wearing tight-fitting clothes that betrayed the lack of bandages underneath. Why had he taken them off? Steve tried to see if he had already healed, eyes focusing on his chest. He couldn’t see anything. He looked at Tony’s face then, trying to see if the cut on his temple was gone. He felt himself go red when his eyes met Tony’s. Tony knew he’d been checking him over. Even if it was out of concern.
“Mr. Rogers, I’ll know if you’re lying to me. I assure you; I want nothing more than the best for Tony. I’m worried, because he hasn’t told me anything relating to his health in months now, and I’m afraid he’s hiding something from me.”
“I thought that since I have so little time to live, I could make the best out of it. What, don’t you approve of my ways of dealing with my impending death?”
“It hasn’t come to that. Yet. We were lucky, Steve, really lucky. We had the gauntlet, and then the next earths were already dead, or got destroyed before we could do anything. We haven’t had to kill a planet yet, and I hope with all my being that it’ll never come to that, but we’re running out of options. Everywhere we turn, it’s another dead end. All others who know about the incursions keep telling us this is hopeless, that
Steve’s neck is a wonderful shade of red, blood rushing to the surface capillaries, just millimetres away from the surface. Tony wants to see where the blush ends. He puts a little more weight on his knee, just because he can, and stands up. Steve loses no time in turning around, the blush ever more pronounced on his face.
“I saw you, clear as day, and I never forgot. I knew I had to see you. I never told anyone about you, except for Janet. She had to know that I might leave one day to find you. I don’t know if she really believed me when I told her, but she was confident that there was such a small chance that we would ever meet, that she could stay with me without fear of competition. When we broke up, I started looking more seriously for you. I searched relentlessly, and finally found myself on the hills outside of Brooklyne, where, according to the rumours, a man with the exact same characteristics as the one I was looking for lived. Unfortunately, the Witch knew about my search, and she was ruthless in a way I couldn’t be, kidnapping and killing people that looked like you. I made the mistake of letting you slip through my fingers, on the first night we met, because I wanted to give you time to get accustomed to me. She found you faster than I could come back. I’m sorry. You could say that it’s my fault that she cursed you in the first place.”
Really, it was good that Natasha wasn’t interested. It meant that Stark wouldn’t be in a relationship anytime soon, and that was good.
The shield severed Jocasta’s hand, ricocheted against the wall, and flew back into Steve’s hand. Steve didn’t stop to think about the impossibility of what had just happened: his strategy had worked, and now he needed to kill Jocasta.
James helped Steve carry Tony to the couch, where he insisted Steve join him to rest from his coughing fit. Steve didn’t need to rest, but he saw that James had brought them a blanket, and Steve couldn’t resist spending time in close proximity to Tony, so he sat down on the couch. He caught the knowing look that James sent his way before slinking out of the kitchen, where to, Steve had no idea. Honestly, he didn’t care.
You get used to living in the streets very quickly. You know where to sleep, how to avoid the cops, which doorways are free and which parks stay open all night.
Thor’s lighting strikes, and his electricity amplifies one of the armour’s unibeams tenfold. Steve raises his shield above his head and the beam reflects harmlessly on the vibranium surface instead of disintegrating his head, reflects into Tony’s chest, and he feels the intense heat and knows the RT core is overheating and they’re all done fo—
In the land of Americanah, where such things as magic suits of armour and levitating cloaks really existed, it was quite a misfortune to be born the eldest child in a family. After all, everyone knew that you were the one who would be pursued by bad luck, that you were destined to fail your endeavours. As it was, Steve Rogers was the eldest of two siblings, which entailed that he had the dubious honour of being the failure of the family.
a heart attack? Tony, what’s wrong with your heart?” Cap was so pale, you’d think it was his own heart that was failing.
He can’t let it be over yet. He’s crying again, crying at the thought that this will be over, or maybe crying because his chest burns so badly. It doesn’t matter. Steve’s holding tightly onto one of Tony’s unresponsive hands and that is enough to make the pain recede.
Steve hated this, hated feeling so helpless. Hated that he had helped the curse come one step closer to its fulfilment.
Steve felt the heat rise up his neck, his cheeks, his ears, and knew that he was beet red. He’d been waxing poetic about Tony instead of talking about his issues. In short, he was doing the exact opposite of what he had come to do. Desperately, he tried to find something that would dissuade the King, and came up with nothing better than:
Stark groaned, a long, drawn out sound, and curled in on himself. Steve stepped closer, not really knowing what to say, because Stark had a point. It was very plausible that Steve had messed up while cleaning the jars. He stopped moving forward when he saw what was happening with Starks’ hair.
His feet were getting heavier. He needed to rest. But if he stopped, he wasn’t sure that he’d be able to stand up again, so he continued, carefully stepping on stones and using the silvery moonlight to lead the way. It was almost ethereal, this dark hill with glints of grey and silver and blue on the stones. He looked up at the sky, the moon a great circle of light amidst the twinkling stars.
“I don’t know. It’s hard to keep track of, sometimes, all the names and teams. Then again, you wouldn’t know, would you. Now that you have everything recorded and filed.”
Tony twisted on himself, and where he’d been a moment prior, a concentrated flash of yellow ripped through the air. It was smaller, more precise than the Witch’s previous attacks, as if she’d managed to focus her magic into a narrower beam.
And he wasn’t dead, but wasn’t this much worse? Tony, but twisted into an inverted mirror of himself, twisted into someone the old Tony would despise?
Tony considered lying, but there was a good chance that the man behind the armour, or his possible acolytes, would recognize his face soon enough. Didn’t mean that Tony was going to tell him his whole life story, though. Maybe it didn’t seem like it, but Tony was on a top secret mission.
Stark was gone half of the time, always looking charming with his sparkling eyes and unruly hair. He never came home with anyone, and Steve couldn’t decide if he preferred not seeing the victims or if he hated the idea that Stark killed them somewhere in the night, leaving them to rot in some dark alley.
He can delegate, of course. He’s not alone. He has people he trusts, and others he trusts less, but the simple truth is that he’s the only one who can do his job the right way. Steve understands this.
That was a point towards there being a man inside the suit, and towards Tony being in the US, or at least in Allies territory. If that was the case, maybe the golden parts of it were just a very thin membrane covering the arms and legs, with the red parts and the helmet being actual armour. Tony shifted to aim at a leg instead. The muscle definition was precise enough that the material couldn’t be rigid. A bullet would pass straight through, Tony reasoned.
Steve gripped his shield tight enough to stop his trembling and jumped into the fight. He couldn’t reach them, high as they were, but he got an idea when he accidentally ran into a stray spell ray.
Behind him, Tony and Strange were showing no signs of having heard anything. James was still frowning at his arm. Steve supposed he would be the one to open the door. He grabbed his shield, almost as an afterthought, and opened the door just as the conversation behind him grew heated.
After two hours of opening door after door, Steve accepted that there wasn’t, in fact, any end to the castle. But only some of the uncountable rooms were lived in. There was the kitchen, a bedroom, a bathroom—and hadn’t that been a horrible surprise, when what he first thought was an unused and grimy closet had turned out to be a
“Steve. The reason I was a mess after the war is because you d—died. When I woke up I was so surprised, I couldn’t believe that I wouldn’t have hidden a backup somewhere, but then I read the news, and I instantly knew why past me decided to delete his brain. It was because you were
“Thank you. I told Steve already, but the Witch messed with my memories. It’s hard to remember certain things. This helps, though, my head is—it’s clearer.”
They fight, and Thor rips through the armours, Black Widow and Hawkeye working in perfect harmony, Steve smashing through everything indiscriminately, Hyperion flying with more grace than Tony himself. The armours won’t hold long enough for Tony to escape, or for Steve to calm down.
I asked my best friend to kill me, Tony thinks. I asked my best friend to kill me and he almost did it.
“I didn’t know you were going to Shield, otherwise I would have! I’m very grateful for Jarvis and the armour, thank you. Next time, I’ll ask you, certainly.”
Tony shivers at the frigid voice. It’s good enough. He isn’t in the mood for jokes or anything other but the truth anyways.
The little girl that had knocked on the port door had wanted to have “another vial of the cough medicine.” Steve had smiled at her, told her it would just be a minute, then hurried back to Jarvis and hissed at him to tell him where he could find the medicine. Jarvis had directed him to one of the cupboards, had made him fill an empty green glass vial with water, had then made him add a colourful powder that smelled sweet. Then he had told Steve to cast a healing spell.
It killed him to fight against Steve. He never wants to live through that again. Tony shouldn’t have let it go this far. He should have tried harder. He should have found a way to make Steve understand. It’s why he lost his mind, in the streets of New York. He couldn’t find a way out of the war that didn’t end with either Steve or him dead. Steve was never going to stop. And Steve’s always been more important than Tony.
(Tony knows what the iron man looks like when he consciously lets himself lose, when he stops fighting, when he misses lethal shots that would have killed Steve in a millisecond on purpose. He doesn’t remember, but he saw the footage.)
“Tony Stark, former adventurer, now spy, at your service. Captain America, huh? Guess I should have known this would be your codename. And you’re a part of the avengers?”
As he said the words, Steve realised that Stark was essentially asking him to lie through his teeth.
“And the way he just flaunts his presence! This morning, I woke up, opened the curtains of my window, and there it was, his monstrous castle, just on the hill! It frightened me, to see that he dares to move his castle this close to the town. It’s a hideous thing, I must say, dark and shooting out smoke and bright lights and high-pitched whines. I reckon that the man living in such a place must be quite hideous himself. “
He inhales, searching for the scent of Steve. It’s faint, but Tony can tell that Steve was here this morning. If he remembers correctly, Steve should be about done with training new SHIELD recruits. Depending on how it went, he’s headed for the gym or the kitchen.
Steve didn’t want to be instrumental in Jarvis’ death. He liked the fire demon, who had protected him and let him enter the castle all these months ago. Besides, he and Tony were on very good terms. They’d lived together for years, and it was obvious that Jarvis was Tony’s best friend, and that Tony meant the world to Jarvis. He couldn’t imagine how Tony would react to Jarvis’ death.
Tony waited for the couple to come to a decision. He was getting the hang of this “think before acting” business.
Tony was hunched over one of his armours, humming to himself as blue and white sparks flew everywhere. He had his back to Steve, and Steve stopped in the doorframe, looking at him. He had taken off his shirt, obviously to avoid getting it dirty, since he hadn’t been wearing workshop proof clothes when he’d fled down there. Steve could appreciate the bunching and stretching of the muscles on his back, his skin glistening with sweat.
very sorry for the late chapter, I was so caught up in the MTH frenzy that I completely forgot about this. whoops.
Steve tells Tony that he won’t put himself in serious danger, and Tony believes him. This isn’t worse than little kids holding their breath until they can’t anymore. Breathing is vital, as is a beating heart. Tony is just playing it a little more high-tech.
Tony struggled weakly, gasping when the palm of the suit dug into his chest. He looked at Steve, then, a resolve in his eyes that hadn’t been there before.
He needs to see Steve more than he fears Steve’s reaction to seeing him, he realises. Tony can hide in the crowd. Steve doesn’t need to know he’s there.
“I know, I know, but it’s fine, I haven’t let her into the castle, she can’t get to Jarvis. It’s fine, we can just go visit her and defeat her together.”
The blue halo pulsed before dimming slightly, giving Stark a more human appearance. His face was blank, but Steve had seen the flash of hurt before the expression had been wiped off Stark’s face. He couldn’t find it in himself to care. Stark was a liar, and it was his own fault if hearing it hurt him.
There wasn’t any way that Steve could move the fight, he realised. Not without bodily throwing himself out there and dragging them to the land again. Which was a ridiculous notion. Because Steve wasn’t strong enough to drag two adults anywhere. If he’d been his old self, however…
He would be able to see his home, would be able to meet the people he knew, would be able to go to the bakery. It would solve the problem of Steve missing his hometown.
Tony doesn’t recognise this Steve. He’d never supersede justice like this. He’d at least give Tony a chance, wouldn’t he? Or has he already decided that what Tony did is a capital offence?
She hates flowers, and she hates this place. We’ll be safe here. As long as you don’t set foot in the Waste, you’ll be safe.”
Steve takes the decision out of Tony’s hands when he jumps across the mats, lunging at Tony. It’s a straightforward attack, Tony sees three different ways to evade it already, but the feral part of him wants him to jump right back at Steve, collide in mid-air and sink his teeth into his neck. Tony compromises with a side-step combined with a headlock. For a second, Tony squeezes too much, and Steve chokes slightly, the sound pulling Tony into a vision of Steve choking on his own blood. It distracts him enough for Steve to drop his weight and elbow him in the stomach. Tony stumbles back and barely blocks a side kick. Steve grins at him, the smile sharp and hungry. He’s like Tony in that aspect, he knows the fight and enjoys it. He has killed his fair share of humans and aliens alike. He knows what it is to see your enemy’s blood on your hands and have your own sing in response. Tony grins back at him, a curl of the upper lip, a smile that doesn’t show the bottom of his upper teeth, hiding the fangs.
He doesn’t know what to say. What do you say to someone who has realised everything he believed in was false? What do you say to someone who thought you were finally working together, building the best Avengers team the world has ever seen, who now understands all that was just so you could focus on the real threat.
There’s an orange glow, and they both watch as the time gem appears, and that’s not right, it shouldn’t be here already, and it shatters, and Steve still hasn’t said a word—
He spent several hours in the shop, the anger slowly seeping out of him as he finally did something with meaning. It didn’t matter how tall or strong he was, he could do this. He could take care of his shop.
thing he wouldn’t get. Apart from Tony taking interest in him, of course. But that was a lost cause. Hell, Tony had every reason to hate Steve now.
Steve soon lost himself in the cleaning, dusting, and arranging of the furniture and supplies. He didn’t have any paintings he was willing to sell yet, but he left a space for future paintings in one of the corners. He left another corner free for Tony, where he could have a counter and sell spells or talk or do what he wanted to do.
Sometimes Tony doesn’t know who the Iron Man is supposed to be protecting. Is it a metal suit to keep the sunbeams from touching Tony? Or is it a walking prison to keep the bloodthirsty monster from tearing open the throat of the nearest civilian?
Steve had experience in cleaning the house and cooking, it had fallen on his shoulders when his mother had died.
Flying back, Steve thought about the things he had learned that day. Natasha knew who Stark was, and was in love with someone else, who was also cursed. Stark would not break her heart, and for that Steve was grateful. But there was something about what Lord Fury had said that made him wonder. He’d said that Stark was “clearly smitten”. Jarvis had said something similar the day before. Was Stark serious about Natasha?
Steve understood two things simultaneously: This man had just used magic, and he’d saved Steve’s life.
He puts on his armour, intent on flying away. If he can’t survive in close proximity to Steve, he just needs to go away, hide somewhere while he figures out how to fix this. Maybe he can open up a communication channel with Steve, work things out with the safety of distance between them.
Tony looked at him, eyes electric and inhuman. Gone was the darker glint, replaced by an alien glow. He was clad one of his suits, but instead of the familiar red and gold, it was colourless, shining silvery grey. Wisps of it slithered around and on him, hiding his body, infecting it, twisting him into someone that Steve couldn’t recognise. In place of his heart, there was a black hole with tendrils emerging from it. He’d coloured his hair black again, his teeth too sharp, hands turned into claws. The silver goo was enveloping him from head to toe.
He had wild eyes, Steve noticed. Wild and as grey as his fur had been. His hair was shaggy, falling to his shoulders, a dirty brown. His arm, though, was what really caught Steve’s attention. It was shimmering faintly, silver strands of magic running up and down the skin. Steve had seen that arm before. This man was the same one that had come with the Witch of the Waste when she cursed Steve. Was he here on the Witch’s orders? Should Steve throw him out? But he’d been at Shield, with Lord Fury. Was he a prisoner there? Or was he another victim of the Witch?
“Let’s try to find out who you are, huh?” Tony murmured. The hand that was petting the weredog glowed a bright blue, Tony muttering under his breath.
He set the kettle of water next to Jarvis, who glared at Steve. Which was fair, since Steve had more or less made Tony run away. But if he managed to convince Jarvis that it was for Tony, that it would help the wizard to drink a warm brew—
Steve's right eyebrow twitches. He's not used to people blatantly disrespecting him. Well, it's time someone showed him that not everyone will dance at his beck and call like good little monkeys.
Tony shot off into the building clouds, leaving a stream of light behind him. A smaller stream of yellow light followed him up into the darkness.
She smiled, and Steve feared the worst. What if she’d killed him, or banished him to a dark realm, or corrupted him?
The next morning, after a lot of clanking and banging, Stark was finally done. Steve heard him practically run up the stairs, carrying a disk-like object in his hands. Stark entered the kitchen, breathing hard, his cheeks flushed, his eyes twinkling despite the dark bags under them, his hair messy, wearing a sleeveless shirt and loose pants. He had soot on his hands, and small burns on his shirt. His arms were on full display, and Steve couldn’t help lingering on the well-defined curve of his biceps and forearms. The muscles in his chest and arms were bunching and shifting from carrying the object, reminding Steve of exactly how strong Stark was.
How dared he? How dared he act like that, like life was just a big joke, when he destroyed those of the people around him?
He didn’t want to believe it, didn’t want to accept that she had changed his body, his very being, into this shadow of what he should be. He wouldn’t be able to do anything like this, he realised. He wouldn’t have the strength to help in the docks, he wouldn’t have the lungs to walk all the way to the bakery in the little free time he had. No one would recognise him, they would ask after Steve, and what would he say? What could he even say? They wouldn’t believe him, they would chase him out, and he’d have nowhere to go.
Steve’s all over the place, mixing everything, but he’s right, he’s right, and he almost understands, almost gets it, but Tony can’t tell him, because that would break the last shreds of their friendship.
Jarvis and Stark couldn’t agree on that last part. Jarvis was sure it was a spell, while Stark was adamant that it couldn’t be, because what kind of spell asked the caster to finish it? You either made your own spell or learnt one from someone else, but you never completed someone else’s spell. Jarvis wasn’t so sure about that. There were other kinds of magic, sorcery that Stark didn’t know of, he argued. It had to be a special spell, that had sneaked into the castle somehow.
, to be fair, but he knew when not to force the issue—if he had to, but it was an insult to both of them when Tony lied.
He needed to help Tony. He didn’t care if he was running towards his death, or a trap, the only thing that mattered was Tony.
Steve takes one look at him, and throws the shield right at Tony’s head, running at full sprint towards him, barely dodging his warning shots. He’s on Tony in an instant, and Tony lifts off, because he doesn’t want to be on the ground, and maybe Steve’ll calm down if he can’t reach Tony. But Steve is too stubborn to let go, and they smash into the ceiling instead, hard enough for Steve to cry out and squeeze Tony’s arm until the metal starts to dent. Steve’s bleeding from a head wound, but his eyes are clear when he stares into the faceplate, piercing right through Tony, and he’s still furious and this is going to end with another one of them dying if Tony doesn’t
Tony was looking at him, his eyes a deep pool of blue, and Steve could drown in them, dive right into them and never resurface.
They were awfully close to each other, weren’t they? Tony wondered if they didn’t care about appearances, or if they had simply forgotten that he was in the same room as them.
They lock gazes. Tony’s chest is heaving against Steve’s. Their hearts are beating almost in tandem. Steve’s shirt is soaked through, leaving little to the imagination. Tony would just need to lower himself those last few inches to kiss Steve. He could bend his neck, bite at one of Steve’s nipples. Tony is willing to bet his fortune that Steve would arch beautifully into the pain. With Steve’s heightened pain threshold, Tony would be able to bite hard enough to bruise. He’d see the capillaries burst before his eyes. All that blood, just a bite away.
“Who do you think you are, talking to us like that?” The tallest of the two sneered. The other one put a hand on the strap of his musket, and Steve realised he might have miscalculated a bit. They were both armed, and had the authority to arrest him, and, well. Even Steve couldn’t outrun bullets.
It doesn’t make sense at first. Steve was shot in the shoulder. He shouldn’t be bleeding from the abdomen. Tony was there, he got between Steve and the aggressor, he’s wearing the armour.
He made it three steps, and that was when a robot in red and gold burst in, blocking the entrance. Tony aimed the gun at the glowing light in the centre of the chest, looking for any sign of allegiance to the Axis or the Allies. There were none.
He opened the door wider, and the scarecrow leaped at him, arms swinging wildly, one of them hitting Steve square in the face. He fell backwards, pulling the door closed as he lost his balance, shutting the scarecrow out once more.
“Maybe some other time. Now, before I give you this paper, what exactly were you trying to do with this spell?”
Three weeks after the battle of New York, Steve puts team training sessions in place. The activities range from mock-missions to fights in full gear to tactical programs to sparring. Tony immediately tries to come up with a good excuse to avoid sparring. He doesn’t know how to move or fight like a human anymore. He can hide behind the armour in fights, pretend that the unnaturally fast reflexes are due to Jarvis. The armour is a crutch, in more ways than one. He doesn’t want to smell sweat and adrenaline and blood up close. He’s not stupid enough to think that there won’t be any blood in Avengers sparring sessions. It happens fast. A wrong fall; a scraped knuckle; a bloody nose, are to be expected sooner or later. Tony doesn’t need that siren-song.
“I—I don’t eat hearts. That would be a little too ironic, even for me. Where have you even heard those stories?”
The same dead voice, the same empty eyes he’d had when he first met Steve. If Steve hadn’t been able to see his chest moving, he’d have said he was dead.
The blue glow around Stark had completely disappeared by now, his hair back in its normal shape, his feet touching the ground once more. He sat down heavily on the floor and turned towards the fireplace.
But why was he flirting with her? Couldn’t they have a professional relationship? Or was Tony incapable of spending any time near a good-looking person without flirting?
how low he’s come? And selling useless things, as well. You wouldn’t happen to be a noble or a knight in disguise, would you? No? You’re just a poor kid, aren’t you? You don’t even have the money to buy proper clothes. To think that when I finally get the right one, he’s just some peasant. Incredible. After all the effort I went through to find you, this is quite disappointing. It’s a shame, really. But that doesn’t matter. I just need to remove the concurrence.”
Stark slept through most of the morning, resurfacing a few hours past midday, looking well-rested. He had changed clothes, wearing something sumptuous in deep red, his earrings glinting golden. Steve suddenly felt inadequate, in his white linen shirt and paint-stained pants. He had paint on his hands too, he realised, and flushed.
He needed to know more before he could form a judgement. He had misjudged Tony too many times to fall to the obvious conclusion. He refused to believe that Tony was just being his infamous libertine self, not just after realising that the Witch of the Waste was so close. He opened his mouth, ready to ask for a reason, when he saw the walls come up behind Tony’s eyes.
There’s a pounding at the door, it’s too soon, Steve shouldn’t even be inside the tower yet, but here he is nonetheless. Time’s up.
“Yes, well, since Strange disappeared when he was sent to confront the Witch of the Waste after she threatened the King, the position is open. And the King wants me. But I really, really can’t accept his offer. So I’m going to ask for your help to convince him I’m not suited for the position. All right?”
Some days, if he was feeling particularly lonely, he would put away the brushes and canvases, close the shop, and walk to the bakery across town to buy a pastry and sit in the town square, looking at the passers-by and thinking about painting them, or the flowers, or the shifting light. If he hadn’t been a first-born, he’d have liked to be a painter. Instead, he helped others pursue his passion.
Tony screams as Extremis kicks in and forces his heart to beat again. He lost concentration, he slipped, he hit enter. Steve is trying to keep him close, but his grip is weak again, his hands cold and dead against Tony’s trashing form.
But that didn’t mean that he would let Stark get away with it. He had to warn Natasha away before he managed to make her fall for him, because he would just leave her with a broken heart and an angry soul.
how fire was supposed to work. The flame grew stronger as it burned the log, and Steve realised with surprise that it was eating the wood. If he looked closely, he could make out a fiery tongue swirling around the wood, pulling it onto a maw that grew and grew as it consumed its fuel. In less than a minute, there was a hearty fire illuminating and warming the whole room. The fire was glowing a strong orange-red now, with hints of purple and blue-white in its centre. The maw was nowhere to be seen, but Steve still heard the
Tony’s with a woman he almost loves, and they could almost be cuddling. They’re wrapped around each other, sucking the warmth from each others’ body and leaving too little in return. His teeth are shattering.
The irony of the situation isn’t lost on Tony. He’s here, in his workshop, in his home, surrounded by his teammates, but he knows no one will come to help him. It’s his fault, anyways. It’s his armours that are shooting at Thor, restraining Black Widow, exploding around Hawkeye’s arrows, making sure Hyperion and Starbrand are too distracted to realise that this isn’t a brawl, isn’t a mere disagreement, is anything other that the collapse of the lie Tony has spent months cultivating, protecting, all the while knowing it would come to this if Steve ever found out. Tony doesn’t need to remember the final moments of the war to know that this is what Steve looks like when he’s about to kill you.
And that, that was suspicious. Because Steve had his inklings about who exactly that boy he saw was; there was no mistaking those eyes, with that colour blue. That deep blue that stared at him right now, that was mirrored on his shield, that had blinked at him in confusion amidst the dying stars.
The armour susurrates around him. Tells him what he doesn’t want to know: he got hit too close to the heart. The bullet shattered his spine nerve on its way to burst out of his chest. It never made it out of him, kept inside by the chestplate. That’s one bullet out of three that he took for Steve.
“Don’t look at me like that. It happens, okay? Anyways, long story short, she recognised me and immediately attacked me. You know the rest.”
When Steve could see again after the blinding flare, he watched in awe as Jarvis writhed, now as tall as Tony, flames licking the walls, burning brightly in all the colours of the rainbow, his maw wide open and laughing, his eyes slanted and bright white.
“Natasha wanted to make sure you were in good hands, so she sent me to ensure your safety. But from what I’ve seen, you’re more than capable of taking care of yourself. Nice shield, by the way. I was lucky you didn’t have it with you when I first entered the castle, you’d have bashed my head in.”
“That must be it. The spell must have slipped by when you had the door opened, magic and time and space is always a little tricky with that one. It’s fine, we’ll just have to go there and try to find where the spell came from. Maybe someone has the other half. But not today.”
He’s freezing. He wraps himself tighter in the bedsheets. They’re flimsy, nothing like what he has in his own bed. But the mansion is in ruins, and the halls of the tower echo with ghostly whispers of team-mates that aren’t around anymore.
am I supposed to think, huh? I thought Extremis might be messing with your emotions, but you were all over the place! You were fucking spilling your emotions everywhere! And then you come back and you don’t remember anything and I tell myself to move on but how am I supposed to do that if you never explained why you did all this, why you felt it was necessary, because you always have those pretty reasons, but now everything you have to say is that you’re sorry but that you’d do it again. And then you pull this shit and I still don’t understand what’s going on, and I’m so angry I can’t even think straight but now we’re both here and we have nothing better to do and I want, I need to know. I need it to make sense, because there’s the Tony that I thought I knew and then there’s the Tony I see and I don’t know which one is the real one, if there even is a real one. And you never give me any answers, but now you said you’d answer me, so do it. Do it.”
Steve wasn’t sure if he was supposed to have heard these last sentences, but he stopped wondering about it when he saw that Stark wasn’t moving anymore.
His darkest secret? His most heartfelt love declaration? Does he offer his forgiveness? Does he absolve the ones who wronged him?
Tony smiled awkwardly. He had no idea who Thor was, but Jarvis was a familiar name. A little too familiar. A lot of coincidences were piling up.
Tony shuts off half his nervous system in his attempt at alleviating his pain. It’s too much, too soon after the pleasant numbness from a second ago. It feels as if his heart is trying to claw its way out of his chest.
He doesn’t care about anyone other than himself. He’s just going to screw them all over, and he can’t even feel bad about it. What is
He won’t be Tony Stark, that’s for sure. Whatever happens when Steve and he collide, he won’t get out of it unscathed. The anticipation is killing Tony. It’s like an electric current, buzzing through his bones, making his hands shake just a little. Soon. Soon, he’ll know.
Steve scowls at him, frowns down at his hands, and when nothing happens after a minute, growls a little. Tony is quick to placate him, because he really doesn’t want Steve to be even angrier than he already is.
Steve’s never been really good with dealing with his feelings. He either turns into a maudlin, self-doubting man, or he bends them into anger, and projects it onto someone, until the fire burns itself down.
Besides, Stark was covered in goop, Steve was panting like an old dog, so it wasn’t really—It wasn’t—It wasn’t like that.
“Come on, Tony. I know… I know this isn’t easy for you. And I would be all for taking it easy, taking care of yourself, God knows you need it. But you have work to do, Tony. You can’t afford to waste the day away.”
It was time to leave. Stark turned the circle next to the door to the red part, gave Steve a paper with an address and a drawn arrow pointing up, and bid him good luck before ushering him out of the door.
The man was trembling, his left hand clenching and unclenching, and Steve recognised the distress he’d felt when he realised he couldn’t tell anyone about his curse.
“I know where I want the blue door to lead to, but the red one… What about moving to Brooklyne? This is where you’re from, right, Cap?”
“We’re moving the castle, changing our addresses so that the Witch won’t find us,” Tony explained briskly, then paused as Steve furrowed his brow.
Steve would have to ask Jarvis about it, but not now, because Stark was walking down the stairs, clad in a flamboyant attire. Steve couldn’t help but notice that it went up to Stark’s neck, hiding any marks. Clean and clothed again, Stark exuded a different kind of beauty than before. There was something less artificial about him, as if he’d lost one of his fake layers, revealing a little more of who he was.
His heart isn’t beating, and he hurts, but Steve’s arms are around him, they’re touching from head to toe, Steve a searing heat all along Tony’s back. The pain almost doesn’t register beneath the awful relief.
He’s in the workshop, but Steve is there with him, and his armours are online again, and the orange glow is still there. They’re still in each other’s arms, but the time gem floats between them, whole and serene.
“Tony? The clock is ticking. You have eight minutes before someone starts asking questions. Get up.”
He barely took the time to ensure that the weredog wouldn’t escape before he rushed out through the door, paying no heed to Jarvis’ protests.
“Don’t worry, this is just a spell to keep intruders away. Just take my hand and step into the black.”
Steve rubbed his nose and thought about what had just happened. The scarecrow had attacked him, and almost managed to enter the castle. It’d been clearly hostile. Maybe it was angry that Steve had pulled it out of the bushes. Why, though, Steve had no idea.
They were even, Steve realised after a few minutes. None of them was gaining the upper hand. How long would this fight go on? Should he try to intervene anyways? Maybe he could…maybe he could throw his shield at them. He looked at it, tried to imagine himself throwing it, and ended up with a picture of his foot crushed under the shield.
“They are. I knew that she had cursed me when they first started to appear, years ago. I thought I had more time, but then the curse caught up with me, and now they’re growing faster. You’ve seen it yourself, they’re more widespread than a few weeks ago. They—they drain my energy, slowly but surely, and one day they’ll have taken everything I have, and I’ll be dead.”
It was only instinct that prevented Steve from getting impaled on her hand. He rolled away at the last second, the space where his throat had been just a second ago now a charred hole.
Tony left after Steve had assured him that he wouldn’t let anyone in, and that he would have his shield ready.
He grabbed a glass bottle, half full with a yellow liquid, threw it, and it shattered on the floor, the impact sending spell papers flying. Immediately, a sour smell rose, and Steve watched in horror as the tiles started decomposing before his very eyes. What had been in the bottle? Were the fumes dangerous? Oh God, what was he doing?
If Tony doesn't go back, he won't revert after the incursions. With Extremis, he can easily shut off life-support of his comatose self. The AI is already self-destructing, but he can help it along, slip it a virus, kill it slowly. It'll be child's play to take the current Tony Stark's place.
Steve would love to sit down, near a fire, drink a warm bowl of soup, and sleep for fourteen hours. He could almost see it before him, feel the warmth of the hearth, taste the salty vegetable broth.
Stark didn’t seem angry, only amused, which made Steve feel just foolish, and not foolish and panicked. Jarvis had done his best, but Stark was skilled in magic. Steve should have thought of that earlier.
He floated higher and higher, almost until he touched the ceiling, bathing the whole kitchen in his ethereal brightness. He laughed then, a tinkling laugh, and swirled around.
He looked at Stark, who affected an air of casual interest. As if he wasn’t dying to know what Steve thought of it.
When he felt better, he looked up and took in the scenery. It smelled heavenly. The flowers were beautiful, pastel pinks and blues and white peeking through the grass or swaying slightly above it in the light breeze. Steve could hear the trill of birds, water gurgling near his feet, leaves rustling behind him. They were on the edge of a grass field, streaked with small water streams, with a forest behind them. In the distance, there were majestic snow-covered mountains. At the edge of the treeline, there was a mansion, its red bricks completely covered in vines. There was a path winding into the forest, leading to what looked like a village, if the puffs of smoke in the distance were any indication. Stark was walking towards the mansion. Steve followed after him, wondering if this was one of Stark’s houses.
Oh god. 24 years. He’d not only passed through universes, but he’d gone forward in time as well. Tony needed to sit down. If he couldn’t get back to his own world… He didn’t want to think about it.
It was nice, he thought, to have a nickname. It was quite flattering, too. Not to mention that no one had ever given Steve a nickname before (apart from his mother, of course, but that didn’t count). He could live with being called Cap.
He could walk in the hills for a while and hope for the best. He walked down to the door, and stopped when Jarvis said:
“You’re right. We can continue this conversation later, after we’ve moved. Alright. Steve, do exactly as I say.”
Steve approached the front gate and wasn’t surprised when he saw the gravure in the plaque: STARK MANOR, it read.
They sat, looking at the fire, Steve acutely aware of their shoulders and thighs touching. He had never been this close to Tony before—at least without a danger nearby or either of them in varying states of unconsciousness—and he couldn’t stop thinking about it. He dared a glance at Tony. The feathers were slowly falling off him, some stuck in his hair and in the blanket. The scales were receding, leaving the marks as the only reminder of his curse. He burrowed further into the blanket.
Steve turned around, and was astonished to discover that during the night, the purple flower plant had sprouted several new roots, one of them protruding from the root from the day before, almost as if the root had birthed the second, smaller root. Tony’s spell had done wonders.
He wears his sunglasses all the time, to protect his eyes from the glare of too-harsh light, but also to keep his eyes from shining ghastly in the dark. He smiles with his mouth closed, rebrands his persona to fit the repenting superhero. He wears darker colours, but that’s just because he likes it, wearing wine red, blood red, crimson. He likes reminding himself of what he is.
He can hear again, and the noise is from the ship-wide alarm. They’re under attack. He needs to take action, they need him to be in command, he has a job to do, people to protect, enemies to defeat.
“No. I don’t want to hear your lies, Tony. You’ve been lying to all of us, to me, for all this time.
He would have to start with the bathroom, he decided, if only because he would have to use it as well. He’d take one of the empty rooms to sleep in. But before that, he wanted to ventilate the castle. He went to the door and opened it, staggering back when he was met with the hustle and bustle of a busy street.
Steve jerks at that, and it’s yet another thing that Tony doesn’t remember, one of the meaning-heavy sentences that refer to things he has forgotten, and he’s tired of not knowing what’s going on in Steve’s head anymore. He guesses the same could be said for Steve. When did they let things become so bad, that it’s not even obvious that they’re going to work together to break the time loop? That Tony isn’t sure this isn’t something of Steve’s doing?
But he did say that he had an emergency come up. What’s the protocol again? Check-up after 4 hours? 8 hours? 24 hours?
, and I’ll focus on the more urgent matters,” Steve reasonably said, “as in what we’re going to do now that the Witch has found two of your addresses.”
The key! Between the excitement of learning about science and the relief of having a possible cure for his heart, Tony had temporarily forgotten about it. He fished the key out of his trousers, and, true enough, the electric blue light was back, growing stronger by the seconds. Tony thought about letting the key go, but this was his best chance at going back to his reality. If the key didn’t send him into another reality, that was. He chuckled nervously.
He wants to call it a glitch in Extremis, but he can’t give any truth to the words that Steve yelled at him in the Helicarrier.
The human skull, was that what he was looking for? Could it be a metaphor for his death, or his human part that was dead now that he was a scarecrow? Anyhow, it wouldn’t hurt Tony to give over that skull.
A bright electric blue glow erupted from the stone. Tony rushed towards it, eyes trained on the shimmering light, already fading. He put his fingers to the crack in the rock just as the glow disappeared. He dug around, taking off his gloves and using his nails to fish out the key from where it was hidden. As it fell into his hand, he let himself breathe out in relief. He’d made it. Pepper and Rhodey would be here any minute, bringing light with them. He could hear them getting closer. God, who knew Fury would have him do even crazier stuff than his adventures for Marvels?
Who was this man? Why had he helped Steve? Would he ask for something in retribution, just like some warlocks were prone to do?
The look on her face was earnest, but Steve didn’t know Potts, and he felt Stark’s condition wasn’t his secret to tell.
“I should have known not to try anything with Rhodey. Well, at least you tried, Cap. I’ll have to figure something out. And, well, if worse comes to worst, at least I won’t have to be court sorcerer indefinitely.”
It’s a quality Tony has always admired in Steve, his dedication, his resolve to fight until the end. Steve never surrenders, never gives up, and it has saved them all countless times, but now that this resolve is directed against Tony, it can only end in a tragedy. Because Tony won’t back down either. What he’s fighting for is more important than hurt feelings or betrayal. He can’t take his own, or anyone else’s, feelings on the matter into account. There is finding a way to end the incursions, and nothing else.
Had the dog—man? Weredog?—attacked Tony at Shield because he was courting Natasha? Or was it because he worked for the Witch?
It may sound insane, what Steve’s saying, but he’s right. He found a neat little loop-hole. Tony will be technically dead, but still conscious. The average human loses consciousness about 20 seconds after their heart has stopped. Tony’s almost sure that he can last longer thanks to Extremis. He’ll be dead, and he will be able to touch Steve, for real. Not just a glance, or a punch, but a full-body contact.
“I didn’t think it would do this. Huh. Maybe I was wrong, I thought this was some sort of kale. Jarvis, do you know this one?”
He’s letting her down. He’s letting them all down. God, he’s pathetic. Can’t even get out of his own bed.
He stood in front of the teahouse for a long while, trying to understand, half-hoping that the mysterious magician would come back. Of course, nothing of the sort happened, and Steve resigned himself to never seeing the stranger again and walked home.
Steve didn’t like how familiar she was being with them. Jarvis had given his full name, and Steve followed suit.
He gathered the flowers that were left and noticed something odd. One of the bigger ones still had part of its root, which shouldn’t have happened, since Steve had been careful to cut them when he picked them. Steve gave the other flowers as food to Jarvis but kept the odd one. He put it into a vase of water, he wanted to see if the root would develop. If it did, he could plant it in a pot. He’d picked the flower because it had been so different to the others: wrinkled dark green leaves with a violet midrib surrounding a cluster of white-purple flowers in the middle. The leaves had reminded Steve of an exotic kale, and well, maybe it was edible.
When Stark left for the day, Steve put on his heavy coat and his shoes, took a slice of bread with bacon on it as his meal, and bid Jarvis goodbye. The fire demon was confused, trying to keep Steve inside the castle, asking where he was going. Steve assured him he would not be gone long, that the castle was clean and stocked with food and that they would survive just fine without him for two days. Jarvis settled down when he understood that Steve would be back.
“If you insist. I do think it’d be more convenient for me to wait here, by the fire, it’s a bit chilly in my house.”
With a wink, Stark walked away, leaving Steve with the shield, looking at the reflection of the dancing flames. Stark wasn’t wrong in that he could use something to protect himself. If anything, he would look less ridiculous with a shield than a frying pan. It really was a magnificent thing, but it could be even better. The stark surface of the shield was all sleek lines and cool colours, but Steve wanted to have something of his on this. He was going to paint it.
me, all that time, you used me and the Avengers. Letting us handle petty stuff like supervillains while you deal with the real threats with the other grown-ups.
“Come on, Shellhead, this is Mr. Stark, there’s no way around it. He looks like him, he knows Rhodey, this is him. I’ll go fetch Thor.” Cap took a few steps towards the door, but stopped when Iron Man noisily dropped himself in a chair. Cap immediately turned around and crouched down next to Iron Man, putting them at eye-level. He murmured, achingly soft: “What’s wrong, Shellhead? We can figure this out, it’s going to be ok.”
“I’ve missed you too, friends. Now, I have some very interesting things to tell you about where exactly I was. Trust me, you’ll never guess who I spoke with.”
Steve’s blush is back in full force, and this time Tony can see his mouth as his lips part in a silent “o” of surprise, the widening of his eyes, the lashes that are sinfully long, the straight line of his nose, the arched brows. There’s a strand of hair that’s gotten loose from Steve’s head, and it curls slightly over his forehead, damp with sweat. Steve’s eyes are the same blue as tightly compressed glacier ice. They’re the only cool thing in Steve’s face.
“Oh, he thought I would believe that? Everyone could see you’re not his cousin, if anything, you’re his type—but that isn’t important. So he sent you, huh? That jerk. Just you wait Stark, see if I’ll let you get away with that.”
“Why did she curse you?” Steve took the reins of the conversation. Or better said: of the interrogation.
Steve is working with outdated information. It's good to see he's as useless with technology as he's always been.
A fleeting thought crossed his mind. Wasn’t he supposed to be wondering about O’Casta, if she and Tony had something going on? He hadn’t even told Tony that she had come by. But it didn’t seem that important now that he was face to face with Tony. It could wait.
Steve shouldn’t really judge, though, should he? He’d just falsely accused Stark of something horrible. Of course, everything else was still true, but Stark wasn’t a murderer.
. Years, and he hadn’t told anyone, had hid the marks behind a supposedly cosmetic spell, until Steve had barged in and exposed him inadvertently while cleaning his house. Had he been planning on never telling Jarvis about it? Not miss Potts, not King Rhodes, no one?
Even now, Tony can’t bear to entertain the very real possibility that Steve will be hanged for treason. His mind revolts at the mere thought. It won’t happen, Tony will make sure of it. He still has some favours he can cash in. There is simply no way that he will let Steve die, nor let him get imprisoned for life.
Tony stares at the ceiling. Like this, he can almost pretend he’s alone in the room. Pretend that no one knows where he is, that no one cares about him or what he’s doing.
She looked around her, then back to Steve, and seemed to realise he was ready to force her out of the door if necessary. She walked away, asking Steve to notify Tony as soon as he came back; that she’d been looking for him. After she closed the door behind her, Steve breathed out and rushed to Jarvis.
Tony can’t suppress a low moan at the thought, and the sound makes Steve’s hips stutter upwards, grinding against Tony. They both freeze at the feeling. It’s enough to break the spell. Tony lets Steve go, stumbles to his feet, and practically runs away. At the door, he can’t resist a glance backwards. Steve is lying in the same position as Tony left him, eyes wide, blushing furiously. There’s just a hint of bruises on his wrists, and Tony has to pinch himself to keep from jumping the distance and enacting everything he fantasized about. He stutters out a thanks for the spar and goes straight to the workshop.
“I’m going to make breakfast. Do you want anything? Or maybe you only eat wood? Does fried wood taste better? Actually, do planks taste different than sticks or logs?”
“Don’t worry about it, Coulson. You can put him back in my quarters, I’ll let him run around after Stark leaves again.”
Her scream echoed around them as he cut through her chest, reaching inside of her, until the edge of the shield hit the blackened lump that had been Janet’s heart once, and cracked it straight through the middle.
Steve had a myriad of questions, but he didn’t utter a single word while he was being led through the streets until they stopped before a teahouse. The stranger turned to Steve, then, his smile binding, asking if he would fancy a cup of tea?
He asked Jarvis to slow down the castle enough to let him jump off it without difficulty, which the fire demon did. He opened the door, enjoying the brisk breeze on his face, looked out over the grass, and slammed the door shut again with a scream.
Steve’s trial starts in twenty minutes. He’s set to arrive at the federal courthouse five minutes before. He’s still in his costume. It’s necessary that Captain America the symbol is tried, and not Steve Rogers the man. Tony wants to believe that Steve thinks the same.
“Yes. I was trying to catch a star myself, but then I saw you and tried to run towards you, but I fell through the darkness before I was close enough. I wasn’t sure if you’d remember me, if it hadn’t been a strange dream, or just an echo.”
“Don’t look at me like that. First of all, do you really think I wouldn’t have cast some spells on my workshop’s door? The moment Jarvis opened it, I knew. And then, imagine my surprise when I arrived at the Shield castle and felt Jarvis’ magic! Come on, you can’t have believed that I wouldn’t know? So, what were you doing there?”
She walked to the fireplace, letting her hand trail over the artifacts on the mantelpiece, pausing slightly at the human skull.
But Stark didn’t give up. If anything, he became even friendlier, accepting her refusal but redoubling his advances.
Steve fist cracks against his jaw, and, oh, he must be angry beyond reason, because there is none of the careful control Steve always has over himself. His punch is explosively deadly, too forceful, and Tony’s jaw splinters, shredding his cheek and tongue, and the momentum twists his neck until there’s a sickening snap, and the world blinks out.
“Oh, shouldn’t I have said it? I’ve always thought about it, you know. What you would look like in the nude. Or maybe it’s something
She looked at him, examined him, and all he could do was widen his eyes. Had he heard right? Was she really the Witch of the Waste? The same woman who had allegedly killed the Sorcerer Supreme and threatened the King? If that was right, and he had the sinking feeling that it was, Steve was in very big trouble. He had no inkling as to what she was talking about, but if she considered him an enemy, she would kill him without hesitation, and easily. He couldn’t even speak, much less defend his life. What was it with everyone wanting him dead tonight?
As Cap said it, he went from angry to disbelieving to confused. Apparently, the situation didn’t make any sense to him. Well, good, because it didn’t make any sense to Tony either. Nor to Iron Man, judging by their earlier confrontation. This was a mess. And what was that about Tony being Iron Man’s employer? Tony knew his every employee, and this one was not part of them. It seemed like this was one big misunderstanding, but Tony wasn’t about to correct Cap. If he could keep Cap as an ally, he would.
He continued hollering at the castle to slow down, which it did, although only enough for him to run after the receding door and knock breathlessly. The moment he hit the wood, the door swung open, narrowly missing his face, and he stumbled into the building. The door closed with a bang, and Steve lay on the ground, trying to get his breath back. His legs were jelly, his heart had never beaten faster, and he sounded like a train whistle when he sucked in mouthful after mouthful of air.
Laughing turned out to be a bad idea, unfortunately, because it reminded Steve that he wasn’t feeling up to the mark. His laughter turned into hacking coughs, and when he finally got his breath back, Stark was standing over him, staring at him concernedly. He muttered something under his breath, fussed over Steve a little bit, rearranging the cushions under him and covering him in a blanket—Steve didn’t have the heart to tell him that it was way too warm for a blanket. He was just happy to be taken care of—and took a step back.
Tony doesn’t need Extremis to tell him that Steve won’t make it. He’s too pale, too still except for his desperate breaths. Steve must know it too, because his eyes are too wide, his pupils too small.
They’re in a stand-off. Steve has control over their lower bodies, but Tony is steady enough on his knees to resist any attempt at rolling over. He could try to dislodge Steve’s legs around him, but for that he needs his elbows and hands, and they’re busy holding Steve down. They’re almost nose to nose.
Jarvis had crackled a bit, then told Steve that he was wrong, there was magic in everyone, and that he just needed to believe in it. He’d urged Steve on, and Steve had caved.
She muttered something under her breath, swiped her hand in the air across his chest, and Steve found himself enveloped in a strong gust of wind. When the wind died, he was alone in the shop once more, the witch and her lackey nowhere to be seen, and a great fatigue had overcome him.
While his body convulses, choking on blood, Tony has the hazy thought that an accidental decapitation isn’t really the type of execution reserved for traitors.
This was a conversation that Steve couldn’t take part in. He looked over at James, who was watching his left arm pensively. Steve could understand. It’d been so easy for Strange to change back into his old self, he’d just needed to touch a skull. Or was it his own skull? That was…uncomfortable to think about. But Steve had no idea how he could break his own curse, or James’, for that matter. Tony’s curse wasn’t going away on its own either. From where he stood, the marks were clearly visible on Tony’s throat and even his face. He didn’t have long, even if the third condition of his curse wasn’t met before the end of the day.
“Now come on, Cap, nobody asked you to be such a sarcastic imp. I just can’t go, okay? Trust me. Gods, I can’t believe the King wants me to go look for the Sorcerer Supreme. In what world would that end well, huh? Jarvis, tell Cap how bad an idea this is.”
“No… It’s back to its original colour—it’s gone! Everything is gone and everyone will see it and he will see it and I don’t want him to kn—I can’t believe it. It’s not—I can’t live like this. This is—I can’t.”
Sometimes, there’s blood on civilians, frightened children and teenagers and adults, sobbing and pleading for help. When Iron Man swoops in, they open their arms in relief and cling to him in unconditional trust as he flies off with them. They’d be so easy to control. He’d fly up, high into the sky, carrying them away from safety and into his claws. Higher and higher, until they don’t have enough oxygen, until they gasp for air, their throat working beautifully. He would only need to open the faceplate, let them see his teeth, and their confused fear would turn into terror. They’d struggle, then cling to him even harder as they realised that they'd fall to their death if he let them go. He’d lower his neck. Maybe kiss their jaw, lightly, before trailing down until he found the jugular. He’d bite them slowly, let them feel every millimetre of his teeth sinking in. Maybe they’d trash, or scream, or maybe they’d freeze, base instincts telling them what he knew all along: that they were prey, and he was a predator. He’d take his time, sip slowly, languorously, until their grip on his armour slackened, faltered, slipped away.
Excessive consumption of alcohol can lead to iron deficiency and anemia. If Stark men are made of iron, and Tony doesn’t have enough of it, then what is he?
He didn’t know what to say other than that, so he stood up and shuffled to what looked like a pantry. After some digging around, he found what he wanted: an egg and two thick slices of bacon. Now to find a pan. Jarvis didn’t say anything, but Steve could feel the burning gaze on his back as he moved around. When he had the pan and a lick of butter, he walked back to Jarvis and held the pan up.
Steve steps in, and glares at Tony. His stance is battle ready, but he doesn’t attack right away, and Tony thinks they might break the circle of violence this time.
. He loved these pastries, felt as if he was opening a secret present when he tasted the chocolate filling. He was eating one, sitting on a bench near the fountain, thinking about what he was going to cook for his dinner, when a nearby group of older women caught his attention. They were sitting in a circle around one of the tables, sipping lemonade and eating
He needed to leave as soon as possible, but which door should he leave through? The port? Ma’Hattan? The hills?
He doesn’t know how to make sense of that. How can he reconcile his meticulous planning, his machinations, his manipulations, the awful things he’s done to keep things from getting even worse; and this desperate need for it all to stop?
He’s right. Not so long ago, Tony spent thirty seven minutes without a beating heart and pulled through with a clean bill of health. It was most likely Steve who performed the CPR. Tony never asked, and Steve never said a word about it. When Tony stopped his heart that time, he overloaded his heart via the armour. He doesn’t actually need the armour to stop his heart. He can send a simple command, override Extremis’ health safeguards, and manually stop his heart. A simple electric shock should be enough to start his heart again. The armour can be in stand-by, ready to jump in if anything goes wrong.
“Yet again, I find myself asking what I should do to you. I could…it would certainly be deliciously taunting to take your heart, but, well, I don’t really need it. I don’t really need you, you see, just need Tony’s love for you. I guess I can let you watch as I destroy him. Yes, that sounds good.”
“Honey, you can do nothing against me. You’re so hopelessly outclassed, it isn’t even funny. You are
He’s not worried about the anti-registration faction anymore, not as much as when Steve was putting his life in danger every day he refused to register. They’re in the next phase now. Making amends, reparing the damage they did, paying for their crimes. Tony only has one thing in mind, and it’s the trial.
He heard Tony’s voice, and breathed out. He hopped down from the stool, wincing as his knees protested at the rough treatment, and surveyed the room. Every available space on the walls had been covered in his paintings, a good three-quarter of them painted this afternoon, all with the theme of protection. They were moving, his knights patrolling, the sky changing colour above his painted mountains, the shield glimmering.
He sat up, rubbing his head with one hand, the other one still clutched around the key. He wasn’t in the cave anymore, that much was obvious. Looked like the key really did its job, then. Now, the more pressing matter was
“I handled it! It was hard finding her, okay, she’d changed name and appearance, but I thought that I could learn about how she’d taken over Janet’s heart. Besides, Janet was growing weak, there was something going on. Jocasta was eating her heart from within, and it’s not like I’m exactly looking forward to that happening to Jarvis and me!”
Would it be better or worse if Steve knew about the time loop? Is it better if Steve is so angry that he wants to kill Tony, or that he kills Tony because he knows the time loop will reset? It’s obvious that the time loop resets if one of them dies, but is there another way to reset it? Does it reset after a determined amount of time? Does it reset if one of them is unconscious? Why is there a time loop in the first place? How can they break it?
“You did everything you could. James, we’re no match against the Witch. This wasn’t your fault, you were coerced.”
Tony pulled his gun out and flipped off the safety switch, creeping closer to the door. He slipped the key inside one of his trouser’s seams. It wouldn’t be found if he was captured. He wasn’t going to take any risks, nothing here was indicative enough for him to feel safe just yet. It didn’t feel like he was still in Gotland, though. The gym felt
Tony knows before he opens his eyes that today is going to be a bad day. Not that he has good days anymore, but this one will be worse.
Tony’s always been a man of excesses. He’s never been shy about enjoying himself, never passed an opportunity to find pleasure in a drug, in a drink, or in someone. He’s not used to being kept wanting. This time is different, though, because what he wants is Steve, and he can’t have him.
Steve couldn’t believe it. Was his problem going to be solved that easily? Not even a day of travel, and he’d already found someone that could help him? But then again, the fire demon might be asking for something impossible.
Unfortunately, Steve knew it wasn’t a dream, because he didn’t have the imagination to come up with all that. Which meant he had to answer Stark.
Steve was walking home from the docks one evening when he heard loud voices in a nearby alley. He immediately went to see what was happening: someone might need his help. There were two soldiers crowding a teenaged girl, standing too close to her with a glint in their eyes that made Steve’s jaw clench. The girl was backed against a wall, talking with a pitch that was high and panicked. Steve planted himself in the middle of the alley, readying himself for a scuffle. This wouldn’t be his first one, after all. He’d developed a habit of never knowing when to stop when he saw a situation going south. Natasha always used to laugh at him when he’d come back home with a black eye and bruised knuckles, telling him he’d never go far in life if he wasted his time on street fights, to which he would respond that he wasn’t going to go far in life anyways, so he could just as well make the best of it, couldn’t he? Sarah, their mother, would only ask why he had gotten in a fight, and when he replied that he’d seen someone getting bullied, or stopped a thief, or helped some poor soul, she’d smile approvingly. Steve knew he was a bit too bull-headed for his own good, but he couldn’t back out of a fight if he was fighting for the right cause.
This should make Tony happy. They’re both attracted to one another. They both like each other. They do. Just because Tony wants to bleed Steve out doesn’t mean he can’t like him as well. How many humans have bonded with their hens, kept them as pets, lovingly knitted scarves and hats for them, only to drink them up in a nice broth when they were too old to lay eggs?
Tony can’t help himself, he’s drawn to Steve. He invites him down to the workshop, gives him art supplies, insinuates himself in Steve’s life. He can’t stay away. He’s a parasite leeching onto the best thing that comes close enough.
Sometimes, Tony wonders if Steve before the ice was like this too, or if the silence, the absolute stillness, comes from his time suspended in water.
“Steve Rogers, I’ve heard a lot about you. Imagine my surprise when I learned that Tony was sharing his home. You’re a unique man, to be let into Tony’s home while you were complete strangers.”
Tony hopped down from his shoulders, spreading his wings and flying unsteadily to the ground, where he collapsed. Steve rushed forward as he transformed back into his human form, unconscious.
King Rhodes looked every bit the man he was rumoured to be. He was clad in silver and grey, understated colours that somehow managed to enhance his dark gaze. Everything about him was dark. His clothes, his eyes, his hair, his skin. The only point of light was his crown, rubies and sapphires glinting red and nearly white in the silver crown. There were small rubies in his clothes, too, Steve realised as he got closer. King Rhodes was known to be a strict but just ruler, and his clothes fit well with that image; there was no unnecessary glamour, but the touches of colour made him more human. Without the rubies, he could have been a bronze statue, a machine fit to wage wars and subjugate the kingdom. With them, the King let the human underneath the mantle show.
The room was clearly the space of a skilled magician or inventor, or maybe both, although not a very orderly nor organised one. It needed tidying up and cleaning. And the fire was almost out.
Steve was almost sure that Stark had caught a falling star, and now he was telling Steve never to do that.
As soon as he set foot into the Waste, he felt the magic of the Witch, trying to ensnare him, trying to make him fall, trying to catch him and kill him. But he kept running, mindless of the dry air, mindless of the stench of death around him. He kept running, straight forward, certain that if he ran fast and long enough, he’d find her.
Didn’t Stark give her updates on his well-being? Didn’t she know about the curse? What was safe to tell her?
“Yes, exactly. I’ll tell you exactly what to do once the time comes, but it’s getting late, and I still need to do a quick errand, so why don’t we postpone this conversation, okay? Good night!”
Tony nodded and beckoned James closer. They repeated the same process as last time, Tony visibly struggling more this time. But James seemed to have more power, and together, they managed to turn him back into a human, albeit with more body hair and a stronger musculature. His nails were a bit longer than was normal, and his teeth glinted a little too much in the light from the fire. But he was human enough. Tony himself had changed shape too, his hands more like claws, scales running up his arms, stray feathers sprouting from his skin and hair. He was half-raven to James’ half-dog.
Why was everything and everyone determined to make Steve’s life so miserable? Was it not enough to be born first? Or was that the reason for all his misfortune?
She bent down and picked Jarvis, Tony’s heart, up. It throbbed weakly in her hand, the black and blue almost swallowed by the orange-red fire. She smiled, her mouth opening wide, her jaw unhinging until it was a gaping maw.
Her stingers, because that was what her hands had turned into, were the size of Tony’s body. She attacked him viciously, not giving him the time to grow bigger. He was struggling, Steve could see, losing feathers to the stingers, doing all he could just to stay out of the Witch’s reach.
It’s mid-afternoon and Tony is alone in the team kitchen, sipping on a glass of water, looking out through the window. It’s a beautiful day.
Steve, after gently lowering Tony to a chair, tried to approach the weredog, but he showed his teeth at him. He wanted to be left alone, then.
And true enough, there was an injured raven perched on his shoulder, its feathers dull and matted with blood and grime. Tony didn’t look good at all, but at least he was alive.
Tony’s eyes widened, and Steve could see every emotion that played in them. Surprise, incredulity, gratitude, joy, and hope. Tony pushed himself up, helped by Steve, and his face lit up when he saw Jarvis.
O’Casta really was the perfect contender for Tony’s heart.  She was striking, tall, and smart, and she knew a lot about magic. In short, she would fit perfectly with Tony. She really was the opposite of Steve, short, ugly Steve.
“In fact, I do have half a spell. It appeared in my kitchen a few days ago, come in, I’ll show you.”
He drops to the ground, pushes Steve off and steps out of his armour, hands up, hoping that his surrender will calm Steve down. Steve’s sneering, shield in his hands, and then his arm’s a blur and Tony feels a
(or maybe one of you wants to draw or write something in this universe? because I'd love to see it!)
Steve offered him half his plate and chewed nervously on his breakfast. What was he supposed to say now? How could he stay long enough in the castle without Stark getting suspicious? He could claim to want to be an assistant, but he really didn’t want to help Stark kill more people. He looked around the kitchen, desperate for any inspiration, when it hit him. The untidiness of the place was something he could use.
Oh God, what if she was looking for Tony? His house was just a few streets further down, she was almost on his doorstep already.
Tony kept himself limp and studied the helmet in front of him. There were slits for the eyes and the mouth. His opponent had striking blue eyes that were currently narrowed in suspicion.
“How can you say that it’s ethical to destroy a planet? To play God? How can you even consider that an option? All life is sacred, you can’t sacrifice some of it to save the rest, because that makes all other life complicit in genocide. You can’t. I told you you wouldn’t know who you’d become, and I can’t recognise you either. How could you do that, Tony? How do you live with yourself, knowing that you destroyed
“I can’t believe it. Here I am, stuck with you, and you’re saying you can’t engineer your way out of this? I thought you were supposed to be a genius, a master of the machines, or is a time loop too much for the
But even as he said the words, he didn’t have his usual self-assured expression. He knew that he wasn’t believable, but tried regardless, and Steve knew he had him.
Tony can feel the thrumming of the ventilation, but to his eyes, the speck of dust is animated with its own life. It’s almost like it’s dancing, swooping gracefully and spinning around its own axis, carefree in its lightness. It’s the perfect antithesis to how Tony’s feeling.
After Steve had gotten some sleep, he went back to the kitchen to see the dog still sleeping, Tony looking somewhat better than the day before. He was less pale, but Steve could see the mark on the base of his throat where Tony’s collar was open. It was a harsh reminder that they were on a finite timeline.
It took a while, the streets getting busier and more winding the closer he got to the city centre, where the castle lay in all its stony glory. It was on a height, looking over the city. Steve hadn’t seen it before, but the “thousand-step stairs” were famous across the kingdom. Word was, if you weren’t determined enough to climb the stairs, then you didn’t deserve to see the King. Steve had never liked that rumour, because the most determined man would never be able to climb these stairs if he had no arms and no legs. But the symbolism was strong. When you walked on the stairs, you would be able to see the whole city, and the whole city would see you. You couldn’t just go see the King on a whim. From a military standpoint, having the castle on a height was smart as well.
“I took Thor, Black Widow, Hawkeye, Hyperion and Starbrand with me the first time, but they gradually disappeared until only we were left. I don’t know why, and I don’t know why we’re in a time loop, and nothing I do changes anything.”
Stephen—The Sorcerer Supreme—believed me and saw for himself that the desert was growing. He wanted to find another way to stop the sand and was looking for a way to magically restrict the Waste when the Witch attacked him. Being too close to her territory was his downfall. If he’s still alive, he’s somewhere in there, inside her castle.
Cap crossed his arms, frowning, and Tony got the distinct impression that if Iron Man didn’t give a good explanation, Cap was going to take Tony’s side.
Steve’s hand rubs on Tony’s arm, the sheet still between them. Steve’s heat dies before it can warm Tony up.
“I don’t understand. Apart from some weird energy readings, there is absolutely nothing wrong with him.”
Tony and the Witch were both high in the air above the water, Tony surrounded by blue magic and the Witch by yellow magic. They were shooting beams at each other, loud bangs echoing in the air, the waves underneath them tall and wild. They flew around each other, dodging and shooting, yelling incantations and curses in strange tongues.
“I—I didn’t want to give a wrong impression. I’ve always known who you were, but you didn’t seem to want me to know, and I followed your lead. I don’t know if it’s because you didn’t want the awkwardness of living with someone whose advances you had rejected, or because you wanted to keep the secret.”
The transformation altered him: Tony is a predator, through and through. It made his bad qualities worse, and he knows it. He keeps away from people, mostly, because he learned that he can’t be trusted with anyone without a protective suit of armour.
Feel free to ask me questions if something is unclear, or if you're just wondering about something. I'd love to hear your theories and thoughts about the fic as well <3
But he’d saved Steve. He couldn’t be the man that ate his victim’s hearts, could he? Besides, it didn’t matter, because he was gone. Steve was just glad he was alive.
He clicked his tongue, making a twirl with his index, and Steve felt a slight breeze flow around him. When he looked back down, Stark had added golden details to the hem of the shirt and the pants. At the hem of the sleeve, Stark had added a swirling motif with small circles scattered in the design. On a closer look, they weren’t circles, but rather the shield, complete with a little star and stripes. The detail was stunning.
the transportation artifact? We’ve been waiting hours for you to come back, all the while not knowing if you even
He needed to save Tony, needed to fight with him, for him, needed to stop the Witch from doing anything to him. He wouldn’t let her do anything.
Around him, the flashes of light were everywhere. The explosions echoed in the hallway, making an unbearable noise. It was too much, too much input, it was all happening too fast.
Jarvis’ voice resonated around him, cracklier in the enclosed space, but somehow more intimate as well. Steve settled down. It made sense that Jarvis had some kind of control of the armour, since he controlled the castle. It had to be more difficult to control a whole building than a mere suit, so Steve should be just fine.
He started walking back to Pott’s shop, the address having changed once more, now glowing the familiar blue of Tony’s magic. He took his time, trying to think of a way of telling Tony about the failure of his mission. What could he say to soften the blow? He didn’t have any excuses. What would Tony think? He’d asked Steve specifically to convince the King not to appoint him as the court sorcerer, and Steve had managed to achieve the opposite. The King had seen right through his words, twisting and bending them until they said the contrary of what Steve tried to say. The King had seen that Steve hadn’t meant the bad things about Tony, and Steve had even helped the former by complimenting Tony like a fool.
Fifteen minutes. If he suits up now, he’ll be there in time. He can put the armour in the suitcase when he arrives, to avoid getting noticed.
Extremis goes haywire and rushes the symbiote into forming into his armour as he gets spit out on the other side. It whispers into his brain what he can already see with his own eyes: he's not in his own time anymore. Not in his Seattle mansion, either.
He swallows, throat dry as he lets the word that have been hidden inside him for longer than a decade come to the surface.
Steve looks at him, searching his face for something, and leans even closer, their breaths mingling. His eyes drop down to Tony’s lips, and then they’re kissing.
“You smacked a scarecrow with a frying pan? Wow. That, uh, that must have been exhausting. Good job, by the way, thank you for protecting my castle.”
Steve looked desperately for Tony, for his armour, anything. Carefully, he inched away from the protection of the crates, towards the water, his shield held high before him. He startled badly when something touched his shoulder, whirling around and thrusting his shield into whatever enemy had taken him by surprise.
There was a lot to do in the castle, besides tidying up and cleaning: when Stark was gone, Steve was the one who had to help the customers of Anthony’s Sorcery Store with spells and charms. When Jarvis had first told him to answer the door, he’d panicked, heart beating too fast at the idea of dealing with magic items. He didn’t know any magic, how was he supposed to help anyone?
There was silence for a while. Then a tinny voice spoke with a North American accent: “I’m the one asking the questions here, mister. Put the gun down.”
Steve had never seen Jarvis this agitated before. Nor that weakened. What was happening? Had the armour’s destruction taken a toll on Jarvis? Or had Jarvis helped Tony with his magic as well?
Steve was suspended in mid-air, the fluttering papers frozen in place, the wood not decomposing any further. Jarvis and Stark were moving, but everything else was immobile, including Steve. Stark muttered under his breath, drew a circle in the air, and the wood was back to normal again. The bottle was still empty, but Stark picked it up carefully, then threw it into the fire, right into Jarvis’ maw. It disappeared with a crunch. Then Stark put everything else back to its rightful place in a matter of seconds.
He opens his eyes. Steve is staring right at him. He’s crouched by the head of the bed, his face inches from Tony. His head is slightly tilted, and he doesn’t move when Tony recoils.
Cap couldn’t quite hide the forlorn expression on his face. How was he taking the news of Iron Man’s identity, Tony wondered? It didn’t feel right to pry though, so he started cooing at one of the Iron Man gauntlets instead.
Well, they didn’t need to know. Besides, Tony knew that the Gestapo had sent their newest Zemo to retrieve the key, and the Nazis getting their hands on this artifact was not an option. If the artifact worked as it was described, it was a teleporting device. Tony wasn’t clear on the physics, but he’d seen enough weird things in his lifetime to know that sometimes science couldn’t explain everything.
Tony stops smiling. He hunches in on himself a little, as if he's just now realised the gravity of the situation. Steve's eyes twinkle. Steve can barely keep the smug smile away from his face, it's fucking laughable. Tony can read him like an open book.
Beside Steve, the armour collapsed into itself, the glow gone. Steve immediately crouched, fists up, looking for the danger, mind frantically hoping that Jarvis wasn’t hurt. In front of him, Lord Fury had dropped into a fighting stance, eye wary and alert.
Still, if the Witch was so powerful, surely she could guarantee that the curse would happen? Maybe the words were a metaphor for something else. Maybe it wasn’t talking about a mandrake, but something that was symbolically connected to a mandrake, or maybe mandrake was something else for magically versed people. Steve had no idea, really. How would he know what to do? And Stark had said himself that it was difficult to best the Witch.
His limbs are slow, heavy. His head is too full. He feels stuffy, as if someone has put cotton inside his head. He wonders if his veins are blown up, if his sinuses are full.
He was trembling so badly that he couldn’t even stand up without help from his shield. He needed… He was so cold
They left a wide-open spot on the floor, Tony directing Steve to take white chalks and draw a wide circle on the floor, four other smaller circles surrounding it symmetrically. He drew an intricate pattern into one of the smaller circles, a five-pointed star in the centre, various geometrical figures surrounding it and blending with it. In very specific places, he added symbols that lit up blue as soon as he marked down the last one. He instructed Steve to copy the drawing into the other circles while he worked on the middle one.
Steve strained all he could, but he was stuck in place, a horrible repeat of that night so many months ago. The Witch was close to him now, so close that she reached up and rest a hand on his cheek. If he could, he would have bared his teeth at her.
Tony isn’t a vampire, not exactly. He’s still alive, for one. It’s just that now, he feeds on blood. His DNA was changed when Yinsen turned him. Tony’s most probably a mutant or a mutate, one that developed bat-like qualities.
He also knew that all the clients systematically underpaid Stark. Which meant that either they paid Stark in another manner—food? Information? ……Sacrifices?—or the spells were of a very bad quality and weren’t worth more than that. But that didn’t make any sense, because the customers always came back happy with the products, thanking Steve or Stark profusely, always so happy. The spells had to be genuine. Besides, Stark was a potent wizard; he had a fire demon. Steve had read that if magic users that make a contract with demons aren’t powerful enough, they will be consumed by the demon, in a few minutes or several years, depending on the power gap. Steve had asked Jarvis about it and Jarvis had said that raw power wasn’t the issue with the contract.
“Yes, with Tony. We’re partners. There are others on the team, we’re super powered individuals who try to fight for good. And you, you were an adventurer? I can hardly imagine Tony going on adventures, he’s always so busy with the company--well. Maybe I don’t know him as well as I thought I did.”
“There is no way into this caste other than the door, and I would have noticed if a spell came sailing in after me. Steve, did you see anything? Did you leave the door open for a longer time, maybe?”
No wonder Stark didn’t want anything to do with her! Bad enough that she attacked sorcerers and threatened kings, but it was personal between Stark and her, which meant that everything would be worse.
He coughs again, and this time, he can’t breathe in after. His chest is too tight. There’s fresh blood splattered on Steve’s cheek.
Hi! Thank you for your comments, I love every single one of them, but life's been hectic lately, so I haven't had the time to sit down and answer to them yet. I promise I will!
Which made things simultaneously harder and easier since Steve wouldn’t have to look for some trinket or body part—thank God—but would have to know what to look for before finding it. Would Jarvis tell him if he asked him about it?
, the right cave. He checked his watch, swore when he couldn’t see anything, and used his internal clock instead. If he was right, the ray should land on the key in three, two, one—
Thor tells Tony to stop joking, and Tony can’t help but laugh, because can’t they see that there is nothing to joke about? Here they are, the three giants of the Avengers: Captain America, Thor and Iron Man, and one of them has come to end another. Tony and Steve are pitted against each other again, and this time Thor is here, and Tony knows he won’t take his side.
They were completely focused on each other, paying no mind to the frightened guards on the docks that were ordering them to cease their fight immediately and surrender.
“When I met you at Shield, I’d just managed to turn into a man for the first time since the Witch discarded me. I told Natasha about your curse, but then I changed just as Stark came to court her. I was so angry, I thought—the Witch had cursed me because of him, and now he was stealing my—so I attacked him. I’m sorry, Stark, I didn’t know you weren’t actually courting her. Natasha explained it to me after Steve and you had left. She told me that you had approached her to ask about Steve.”
Which is the wrong thing to say, because Steve is on him, pinning him to the floor with a knee on his back, his arm in a painful twist between his shoulders, a rough hand shoving his cheek into the floor. He can feel Steve’s breath on his neck, and it’s ragged, almost raspy. His fingers are like a vice around Tony’s wrist, thumb digging into his skin, feeling Tony’s elevated heartbeat.
From one moment to the next, Stark had completely changed. Where he’d been standing upright and close to Steve, he was now leaning slightly towards the woman, a dazzling smile on his face, his voice a lower drawl than it usually was. He looked every inch the seducer he was reputed to be.
You never intended for me to find out, did you? You were perfectly happy lying to all of us, manipulating us, keeping information from us. You’d have done so until we all died in a blaze of glory, wouldn’t you?”
Instead, he raised his shield, and shattered the rotten door. He jumped inside, adrenaline coursing through his veins, all his senses sharp and alert. He needed to find Tony, and together they’d fight the Witch. He ran inside the castle, through corridor after corridor, rushing past room after room, all empty, or filled with debris in various states of decay. There was nothing left but the putrid smoke and the oily black rocks.
“I know! I know. It was a long time ago, alright? But it’s a little problematic. Because the King doesn’t care one bit about my past relationships—says it’s my own fault, I’ll show him “my own fault”, just you see—and I need a reason for him to discard me. He can ask someone else to risk their lives against the Witch, I need to be as far from her as possible. But how can I convince him to—oh. Oh! I know!”
Tony shrugged. It had seemed like the thing to do at the time. He couldn’t help but notice that Cap was torn between believing Iron Man and him. He ultimately put himself closer to Iron Man, and Tony cursed inwardly. Cap wasn’t going to trust him, then. Cap turned to Iron Man, putting his back to Tony. Tony was a little bit insulted to be dismissed so easily.
Stark ignored Cap, and started rooting around in the lab until he found a paper with the blueprints to a small device, a “pacemaker”. He thrust it in Tony’s hands,
him. Steve is attracted to him. Steve wants him. Tony doesn’t know why or how, but the facts are there. In hindsight, it’s obvious.
Tony’d been looking for Strange for all this time, even though he’d said to the King that he didn’t want to. Yet another example of Tony saying something and doing the exact opposite. All his lies had been uncovered, Steve realised. About why he was seeing Natasha, about him eating hearts, about his so-called promiscuity, his so-called egoism, and now about the reason why he’d been visiting Jocasta, and where his heart really lay.
Steve coughs, and Tony breaks free from the all-encompassing need for long enough to remember his place. He lets Steve’s wrist go as if burned and makes a show of examining the shoulder wound, without actually looking at it. He’s holding his breath the whole time. If he could get away with it, he would have screwed his eyes shut to remove any temptation. When he’s done, he taps Steve lightly on his good shoulders, takes a few hasty steps back, and spouts something along the lines of the wound looking good and not infected. Tony has no idea if what he said is true or not, but he doesn’t care. Steve’s looking a little weirdly at him, but Tony counts this as a success. He hightails it out of there.
Was the King an acquaintance of Stark’s? Only his friends called him Tony, the others calling him Stark or Anthony or any of his false identities.
He pushes someone out of the way, and there Steve is, his shoulder red, but his eyes are clear. Not a life-threatening wound, thank god—
Stark sighed, looked at Jarvis meaningfully, to which Jarvis raised his eyebrows. Stark sighed again, deeper this time.
“See, Tony, you’re saying that, but I still hear the hesitation. You don’t want to, do you? You desperately want there to be another way. I know you. You prepare for the worst, because that’s all you see, but you always hope that things will still turn out okay. So what I don’t get is why you don’t involve as many people as possible in this. What could it hurt, Tony? If six men can’t find an answer, then maybe you could try the entire fucking superhero community! We’re hundreds, thousands, and there are many that are smarter than you! Why do you always do this? Why do you always make our decisions for us? Didn’t the war teach you
He was met with a man in bland, formal clothing, who introduced himself as Sir Coulson, and led Steve to a private garden. Sir Coulson left him alone after instructing him to sit down and wait. He hadn’t mentioned the ever-present armour, or even asked why Steve was here. Did he have mind reading powers, perhaps? Steve wouldn’t put it past him. His smile was unnerving.
Because that’s what Steve’s been doing, isn’t it? At least three times now, Steve has fought Tony with the intent to kill, and succeeded two times.
And that, that didn’t make sense, because Steve was sure of it, he’d heard those old ladies, heard about the disappearances from Mrs. Carter herself, he knew that Jarvis had to be lying. Except that Steve knew for a fact that fire demons could not lie. He’d even tested that particular statement with Jarvis, verifying for himself that the information in the books was not erroneous.
“Also, I forgot to tell you, but you’ll visit someone else before seeing the king. She’s one of my old friends, we studied magic together, and she’ll tell you how to act properly in front of a king. See it as getting you used to grand people.”
When Steve entered the kitchen, Jarvis was awake again. He turned to face Steve, his fiery face frowning.
Yinsen forced Tony to stay in this world, and Tony has to deal with that. He still oscillates between seeing this as his penance or a stolen chance. He won’t lie, there’s been a few times where he’s spent a little too long staring down the barrel of a gun, or into the glow of the repulsor node on his gauntleted hand.
The curse had been completed, and Steve couldn’t do a thing as Tony convulsed before him, hands scrabbling at his chest, trying to stop the marks from pulsing and undulating further and further along his body, until every inch of his skin was covered by it, until they reached into his mouth and nose and ears and eyes and—
The air around Tony seems to stretch, too thin to let sound pass, to thin to let him breathe properly. He drops to his elbows, the armour suddenly too heavy to bear. It leaves him inches from Steve.
The world doesn’t seem so harsh anymore. He’s relaxed. Calmer than he’s ever been, he thinks. He’s ready. He’s ready to sleep. To slip into it. Steve will wake him up.
During the first few months of having Steve as Nomad, Tony’d been obsessed with the costume. He’d been happy every time he could see Steve, because in the armour, no one could see him trail his eyes down the tantalizingly low V-neck of the suit. The cape had been fun too, until Steve confessed he’d had to rip it off after tripping over it. Tony hadn’t laughed like that in a long time.
Steve gasped. This was everything he’d wanted to hear, everything he’d never dared to hope. He breathed out in relief. The last uncertainty about Tony’s errands had been cleared: all this time, when Steve had thought he was off flirting or fleeing his responsibilities, he’d had feelings for Steve only, and he’d been looking for Strange.
Dinner was a quiet affair, Stark not being his usually talkative self. In a somewhat desperate attempt to get him to talk, Steve mentioned the King: when was Stark going to the audience? It fulfilled its purpose, because Stark started gesturing and talking animatedly about how he could absolutely not accept the request. The King was making a mistake, he proclaimed. Everyone knew that it was a bad idea to appoint Stark as the Sorcerer Supreme, especially after the former one had been defeated by the Witch of the Waste. The King had sent a new letter, requesting that Stark present himself at the court within the week, and what was Stark to do?
His prediction turned out to be pretty accurate, he started his descent just as the sun disappeared beneath the horizon. He had maybe thirty minutes before the darkness would be complete, and he started his search for wood and a suitable place to rest.
It was misty outside, the grass hidden beneath a thick layer of floating droplets. The castle wasn’t moving, which made sense if Jarvis was sleeping. Still, it was the first time the hills were entirely silent.
. And I know that knowing about the incursions is already putting your whole world upside down, and I know that it would have killed you to lose all hope. And I know it’s selfish of me to take the decision and the knowledge out of your hands, but I do it all to protect you, and I want you to be as happy as possible, and I can’t bear to see you lose yourself. I also know you’ll never agree with me about this, but I want…I want you to stay true to yourself, and if I have to lie for that, then so be it. Nothing is more important than—nothing is more important than you.”
Steve stared at the door, silently thanking the gods that Stark had accepted his flimsy excuse so readily, and decided to inspect the castle before he started cleaning it.
He wants to vomit at the thought. Has it devolved to this, is Steve ready to kill Tony for what he’s done? Has he made himself judge, jury and executioner in the matter?
Tony was clenching his jaw, staring resolutely at Jarvis, who flared up briefly before sighing explosively.
How could Steve have ignored that? How could he live with this fiend, how could he help him, when he knew what he did during the nights? Steve was just as bad as Stark if he didn’t say anything about it. How could he? How could he smile and laugh with Stark, turn a blind eye just because the man was charming?
Tony pretends to struggle, thinks about Steve holding the gauntlet in his hand, the other earth in the red sky, thinks about his hope that with Steve, with the best of them, they’ll manage to save everyone. He knows now that there won’t be any coming back from this. If Steve couldn’t do it, no one can. It might be a good thing that Tony won’t see the world end after all.
It was heart-warming. He wondered if Jarvis was that protective of Steve, or if maybe Stark had told him to defend Steve. He scoffed at himself; now was not the time to daydream. He squared his shoulders and drew himself up as much as he could. He knocked on the heavy gate.
Steve stepped back inside. He looked at the door, then at the window he hadn’t noticed next to the door. Outside the window, there were grassy hills moving past at a leisurely pace. It was undeniably the view he should have if he opened the door.
Tony entered the kitchen just as Steve was about to carry one of the vases to the shop. He didn’t look happy, at all. But his face lit up when he saw the flowers.
Steve was glad that Stark wasn’t intimidating like her, even for someone with his status, power and wealth. It felt like Stark was still down to earth somehow.
“Do you really think you can make a difference in this world? Do you really think that being idealistic and hopeful will do any good? Don’t try to fight your destiny. You’re meant to be insignificant. Don’t act like a hero.”
