For some reason John didn’t like the word ‘needs’ in that sentence. It haggled him a little bit, Sherlock didn’t have ‘needs’ right? Well he was soon to find out.
“You can’t learn everything from books you know Dr. Watson. Or can I in fact call you John?” The sarcasm was clear and the laugh at this point it appears had left John. “Oh but you know that Doctor. I did some research on you John, in my prison car ride on the way over here and you appear to be fairly popular. Congratulations on the sickening blog by the way. You have been to war. You were blown up and shot at and lost colleagues, some of which undoubtedly despite all your efforts and reading and training could not save. And now here you sit in your OCD office in an Edwardian static building with nothing but your druggies and your books and your quaint chairs by the window. Is that why you limp? Because, you don’t have the imagination to return to war? Unfortunately Dr. Watson you are a goldfish in a tedious pond and I refuse to play.”
Question is did she ever find the dividing line?”
John received a phone call informing him of Sherlock's apparent kip nap. Will he make it to the meeting point, or is it all a rouse...
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock was surprised. Everyone always answered save their loved one. He was even more curious about John than ever before. “Can I ask why?”
On catching up with Sherlock, John realised, "Sherlock what happened to the yellow pages?"
"No Raj, it's fine, if you did, we did not mention any names with in the case, only circumstance so it is safe, I am simply curious, a third opinion never hurts Raj, especially a strangers opinion, helps ones mind tick, I have only had my... colleague here to speak too on this, what do you think?" Raj relaxed a little more and the previous boyish friendly grin reacquainted his face. "Well I dunno' all the facts right, but, it sounds like you lot fink' it's the half bruvva, but that's what everyone expects right? like it's the obvious one innit, so maybe look else where or sum'mit." Sherlock sat back in his seat and steepled his hands below his chin. Under his breath, audible to John alone Sherlock repeated the words, "some one else, some one else, some one else."
Immediately John grabbed the two suitcases, did one last sweep around the hotel rooms and then placed Sherlock’s smaller of the two suitcases on Sherlock’s lap. He then attached his own to the hook on the back of the wheelchair and fled the hotel room into the lobby. Once in the elevator, it seemed to take double the time to reach the ground floor. John felt like he had pushed the '0' button a thousand times before the doors finally closed. Watching the numbers count down was more daunting than it should have been. Ground floor arrived and John hastily pushed Sherlock over to the reception and said, “We’d like to pay and check out for rooms 506 and 507 please.”
On hearing her name Lestrade immediately exclaimed ‘How do you know her name?! That’s our most secret case Sherlock!” Lestrade acted once more as if Sherlock had never been away. Always trusting Sherlock’s words it seemed.
John turned round his whole body to face his friend, his face was in anguish, "Sherlock that would have been too soon after your surgery! You silly bastard!"
They then walked together in single line along the carriages in the aisle. Their allocated seats where in carriage D, they jumped on at carriage B so they had to amble along for a minute or two. To be honest John appreciated the walk, he was aware they would be sitting for the next four hours or so. 'Who knew it took so bloody long to get to Somerset' was what John thought at that initial look at the boards. On finding and taking their seats, which rather wonderfully were table seats*, Watson and Holmes sat facing one another. They settled in and the man with the trolley came along and Sherlock bought a coffee (which he deduced was terrible and told John so) and John bought a tea (which he informed Sherlock it was nice but over priced and tasted mostly of fake milk.) Half way through their beverages John asked "so Reverend Paul Delaney? What do we know about him?" Sherlock leant forward, which made John imitate, making the men close and secretive. "Don't say his name too loud, the news isn't out remember John, we don't want any unwanted questions." John nodded, "to avoid this I've written a list." Sherlock removed a small black notebook from his left pocket and slid it across the table. John opened it at the page of the marker, and written was a organised list. John had a slight giggle at the mess of the handwriting and on Sherlock asking "what?" John just replied that he was "excited." A little white lie but it didn't matter. The list went like this;
Love you both x
Ooooooo aren't I a tease
“She is our landlady John, she has her flaws like all goldfish but she is a nice woman who understands my needs, and is never particularly bothered if the rent is paid late or not, I ensured her husband went to prison, something she was hugely grateful for,” Sherlock rolled off the knowledge at his normal demeanor.
“Right so, would you rather always have to say everything on your mind or never be able to speak again?” Sherlock didn’t even have to take a breath.
They queued at the bus stop directly parallel to the train station. There were several older couples, and one crying infant strapped in a pram alongside a bedraggled and clearly exhausted mother. Apart from that they were quite alone. The bus pulled in a mere three minutes later and the pair clambered on with their small number of possessions, Sherlock showed his transfer ticket to the driver who had an utterly ridiculous curly moustache and huge mutton chops as grey and wiry as an ancient poodle, (something that both John and Sherlock would laugh about later) and John did the same with at least a "hello" and a "thank you," something Sherlock it seemed would never get the hang of. The bus was slow and people came and went from the large thunder of a vehicle. John and Sherlock mainly sat in silence. Sherlock had insisted that he needed an aisle seat and on John asking why Sherlock simply pointed at his legs, with an obvious face; wide eyed and urgent. 'Why did he have to be so bloody tall' John thought as he slithered in to sit at the tinted windows that were peeling at the corners.
John leant forward and said with a safe smile upon his lips, “Sherlock, you are one of the most intelligent and provocative people I have ever had the pleasure to meet. And I say people, because even if you don’t believe it or feel it, you are human. You care and you strive to benefit others because you need to. You have no idea why you need to, or why you are this way, yet you are. You just be Sherlock. You exist as much as everyone else, if not more for all you feel, or all you avoid to feel, you experience the darkness and the greatness of humanity with every death you look into.”
I dedicate this Chapter to Grace who is going through a tough time right now x
Driving into the Capital made Sherlock feel his wanderlust burn, after this case he simply wanted John to continue driving until London made her demands once more. Champs Elysees was sparkling under a midnight sky, late night shoppers waltzed romantically amidst the smell of meat cooking as it sizzled through the air from the moonlit entrepreneurs. John felt his eyes droop and his skin was tight on his knuckles, he needed rest. Paris of course, was exciting, he thought of his grandmothers words from when he was a boy,
“Lestrade, I have finished my treatment and am clean.” Sherlock pointed one now open hand in John’s direction without breaking eye contact with Lestrade, “This is my doctor and new colleague Doctor John Watson. He is a military doctor and a man smarter than any of your officers. I have trust in him, so he is with me. I will not be without him from now on. Your concern with my brother is false, I am better, John will assert to that. Now Eleanor Scott...”
Without even questioning Mary came and took the mug from her John’s hands. She sat back down and placed her and John’s mugs side by side on the side table, preparing herself to break up a fight. This was more than likely as John was in his ‘Captain’ stance. Feet wide, Shoulders back, arms to the side and chin up.
John and Sherlock are heading to France to solve the murder of a controversial American Politician, and part of that journey involves a ferry ride in which John doubts all that he is doing.
key card, where’s yours?” Lestrade was visibly frustrated.
Sherlock had a bishop located in F1 that could come in handy at this point, however if he solely used the Bishop it would take two moves to reach the castle, which may be one more moves than he can afford. But Sherlock wanted to appear brave to John, he could choose an easy option and move his King directly behind the pawn at D3 making John’s using the castle to take the King impossible. But Sherlock was a gambler, he knew that playing safe in this world was boring anyhow. Sherlock silently moved his Bishop from F1 to E2. His Queen was protected but he now looked bold in his choices. John smiled at his option. It’s definitely not what he would have done, but it was good to learn that Sherlock didn’t play safe. John wished he could be more like that. So many times in his life he was avoided risk at the fear he’d lose control. Maybe that was something he could learn from Sherlock in the future. Now it was time for a really offensive move.
“Well this account looks like it was the input, they pumped her pay into this account, and it’s as anonymous said, between 20’000 and 60’000 pounds, always, bar one.” Sherlock placed his hands into the steeple position under his chin and continued to walk backwards and forwards. Then asking “regularity?”
Once the laughter settled John turned on his side and stared at his breathing friend. There wasn’t even a mark on his head but John remembers the smell of the blood. On bad days he even tasted it in the air. There was so much of it. All over Sherlock’s brilliant head, his brain apparently made to mush on impact. Just the thought made his stomach twist.
GUESS WHO'S BACK BACK
LeT tHe GaMeS bEgIn
*knees buckle*
The fucking feels
John smattered around both their hotel rooms, hastily trying to get all of their belongings together. He also attempted to clean up any of Sherlock’s blood, which some how seemed to be on everything. John was so caught up in what he was doing and the feeling of panic made him miss Sherlock’s initial efforts to try and catch his attention. “John” was all Sherlock could muster, he was quiet at first, but the more he felt himself spiraling the more he raised his voice. They were literally running out of time. They had now approximately just over three hours to be at the airport, en route of being out of the country. If they weren’t, they would most likely be recaptured by the gang and taken back to that god-forsaken place were they would definitely die. John really really really did not want to die there.
Sherlock placed clenched fists on the desk and moved his whole form down to be eye level with Lestrade.
Walking along the platform, John realised that this was once again a new place. In the short month he had known Sherlock, he had been to a immeasurable number of places, more than he had done in arguably his whole life. Since coming back from Afghanistan, he became sort of stagnant. There were affects of course, that is inescapable, part of the job or whatever, but it meant that for years he just sat in that office feeling unsatisfied in anything, wanting simultaneously to go back to his glory days as a hero, being needed, but also never revisit them again for the fear it may revel. Then drugged up Sherlock arrived, reeling and pacing, both of them had met when they were at their lowest function it seemed. Yin and Yang on a collision course. Then that room, that office came alive again. The place where John at one stage could only get distracted in his books and his increase for knowledge in his field, often wanting to be anywhere but there. A bloody ridiculous curly haired detective changed all that. Immediately John was fascinated with Sherlock's world, not only did he want to see it, he wanted to be in it. And here he was.
LESTRADE BOUND
Sherlock stayed out of it. After all this was not his home. This was not quite his John as it was two years ago either. He shuffled his feet anxiously. If he were completely honest with himself he would prefer to have some private time with John. The self-admission made his eyes cast to the floor.
As soon as it was in place Sherlock leapt behind it again and back into his room where John could hear a great deal of noise of things being tossed around carelessly. Then there were several frustrated phrases along the lines of “where are they?” from Sherlock before John heard a hum of contentment only for him to reappear moments later with a stick of white chalk raised in his right hand.There was definitely never a dull moment with Sherlock. As if to focus, John slipped off his black jacket and undid the top button of his blue shirt, then untucked the shirt from his trousers. Sherlock reared around the great board and faced John much like a professor would to a student. He clasped both hands behind his back, chalk still in hand and began with their current findings, “now John, name of victim.”
Like Muhammed Ali vs Donald Trump real
(See the end of the chapter for
“Who knew?”
Sherlock spoke simply “thoughts Watson?”
"Right, what do you think Holmes?" John had his arms outstretched and his fingers wrapped around the end of his jacket sleeves. It was too long for him, but at least it was a convincible British police uniform. Barbour, dark green, fit for a motorcycle it was that durable. Sherlock carried disguises with him as often as a case demanded it, or so it turned out. Underneath the fine coat were Johns smartest clothes, a white and blue gingham button up and some grey suit trousers. In comparison to Sherlock's dark grey suit with a burberry perfectly to size, it was admittedly plain. "You look good in disguise John, try it more often," was all Sherlock said without looking at his companion. It was only after Sherlock finished buttoning his cuffs that he rounded to face the shorter man. John puffed out his chest and took a deep breath to follow, he was extraordinarily nervous. What they were about to do was incredibly illegal. Imitating a police officer could buy twelve months imprisonment, longer in home territory. Maybe it was a good thing they were doing this in France. "John stop worrying, they won't know anything about our real selves." John nodded, maybe a little longer than necessary, but Sherlock's words for once were not only helping, but they were also well timed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What did they say exactly?”
Kind regards,
“Sherlock I don’t understand and I may never quite get it, however you are back now and I need you to stand up.” Sherlock looked like a child getting told off at school. He too placed his mug on a table and ever so slowly stood, his eyes never quite looking at John. He was also bracing himself for a kicking.
Sherlock nodded and interrupted, “back to him later, do continue.” John nodded back and did just that, “the letter informed us of the death, the smuggling and some stuff about its author, next was the visit to the morgue, she had bruising in certain places, suggesting she was bound, we concluded she died of shock, her heart gave out, then we went to her house, nice, clean, full of books, and the beehives, she was dedicated, clever, then we found the other letters, from her father and one from whoever anonymous is, for the writing was the same…” Sherlock interrupted a second time, “
Once laughter settled, the papers came back into mind and they turned their mutual attention to it once more, Sherlock pointed again to the aforementioned section, "it details a deal over Oil." John scrunched his face, still not there. "An Oil contract between the Bush government and Bahrain." John's eyes widened, this was big, bigger than he ever thought imaginable, John took a step back and crossed his arms, as if protecting himself from the paper itself. "Why would Delaney have these?" John said, Sherlock walked the short distance to the table and picked up the last piece of paper and walked close to John before handing it to him, John scanned it and it was a series of signatures, it seemed to be around thirty or more names. On even closer inspection things started to become clearer. There he was. Large and bold,
John was momentarily bemused, “Michael?”
“Yes John, please do.”
“Mary can you come and take my mug please.”
“If I’m comfortable with a patient like yourself then yes bare foot does suit me.”
“John, we need to go to China.”
An extremely slow twenty minutes after arriving at the gate, they were called to board and due to the wheelchair, both Sherlock and John were allowed to board first. John could have cried with happiness when he saw that plane. They left the wheelchair at the bottom of the plane entrance steps and witnessed it be taken away by an employee of the airport whilst they ascended the steps. Sherlock nearly collapsed every other step, but by some miracle he made it to the top and even said a relieved ‘hello’ to the welcoming crewmembers on board. John could have kissed the pilots with their stupid fake tan white smiling faces. But in that moment they were Jesus coming to save John from hell itself. John saw Sherlock to his seat and did one final health check before he felt comfortable enough to go to his own seat a few rows ahead.
John felt his stomach flip, he wanted to ask ‘fucking why?’ all this time he never truly appreciated the incest theorem yet now the man involved in the escapade of what takes two to tango sat in front of him, begging them to not tell his wife, it was all just sad really, not quite the final hurrah he had anticipated, Henry didn’t even look mean, he just looked weak and disappointingly normal, but John held his tongue and let Sherlock continue, “that you what? Say it, for the microphone and for your very confused lawyer.” Henry took a deep breath and said out loud for the first time in his life, “don’t tell my wife that I, that I, had relations of a sexual nature with Eleanor.” Mark looked disgusted, heinously repulsed, he couldn’t help himself, “Henry?! With Eleanor? Henry I can’t defend that! You told me I knew everything!” Sherlock thought this was all going very well; they were even more like gold fish than he had imagined. With every word Henry spoke to defend himself, Mark shrunk further and further away from him, “Mark I love her! I still love her! It wasn’t like that! She was a half sister! And we met when I was a teenager, and she was older! I love her Mark and someone killed her!” Mark had clearly decided enough was enough and he said “good day to you gentlemen” before leaving the room to then subsequently leave the building. Henry said “Mark?!” over and over again until he had left the room. Henry turned panic towards Holmes and Watson, he said limply, “you can’t question me without a lawyer, it is against the…” this time it was John that was irritated, “for gods sake mister Scott, be your own lawyer, you know this game, we, like you just want to be aware of what happened to your sister, clearly you want us to find out who did it otherwise you would never have given us this letter!” Then a light bulb went off in John’s head.
“Today of course Sherlock, do you think I’d let you go home to get another fix? A car awaits outside.”
John continued, “before reporting her death to the police did you move Eleanor from her place of death?” Henry hesitantly nodded, “did you dress her and apply make up to her face?” Another hesitantly nod, “did you brush her hair and place her in her bed?” Another nod. “How was she before you moved her?” Now it was Sherlock that was lying back and John that was leaning on his elbows. Henry spoke slow, soft and afraid, “I let myself in with my key to hers, she’d just got back from Shanghai, the trading’s I mentioned in my letter, she’d been with them, doing what she did, as soon as I found her, like that I blamed them, the gang, the smugglers, so after I wrote the letter and sent it to you I went out there, to confront them, they say it wasn’t them, they said they’d do anything to discover who it was, it seems I wasn’t the only one who loved her.” Now Henry took a sigh to truly answer John’s question. “She was naked, face down on the floor, she looked afraid, her eyes were really wide and her mouth open, I’d never seen bruises so fresh, she was still,” now a tear rolled down his cheek and he stuttered out the final words, “she was still warm. I debated calling the police immediately but she would have loathed to be found like that. So I couldn’t leave her as she was, so I did my best.” Sherlock said matter of fact, “you realise that your tampering makes it difficult to find a murderer don’t you?” He nodded and with a weak smile Henry added, “that’s why I contacted you mister Holmes, you’d be able to figure it out regardless.” Sherlock ignored the flattery and he had a burning question he needed an answer to, “why bring a lawyer in today if you didn’t do it?” Henry wiped his face of salt water and actually laughed, “Because ‘Sherlock Holmes’ is intimidating. I was afraid, that’s all, Mark is… was a friend.” The smile faded and the three of them sat for a while. It was probably ten seconds maximum but it felt like a millennia whilst they just sat there. Henry asked hesitantly, “So who did it?” Sherlock and John looked at one another, then back at Henry, then at the same moment both said, “We thought it was you.” Henry was appalled and exclaimed “me?! How could you think I did it?!” Sherlock rolled his eyes and said, “half brother lawyer cheating on his wife with his sister, also involved in the same smuggling gang as the victim, oh yeah such a difficult leap.” John loved it when Sherlock was sarcastic, in another circumstance he would have laughed. Then Sherlock did something strange, he repeated himself, something he detested doing, “half brother lawyer cheating on his wife with his sister, wife with his sister, wife with his sister.” Sherlock looked at John with wonder in his eye, then things happened very fast, he looked back at Henry and asked without really wanting an answer, “Henry, tea? Coffee? I’m dying for one myself, John let’s get coffee, we’ll be back soon Henry, it’s okay don’t panic we know it wasn’t you.” Sherlock pulled John, the folder and its contents from their seated positions to then be dragged out of the door. On the door closing, all John could say was “what the fuck was that! We fucked it up! Shit, jesus, who did it if not him oh god! We have no other leads!” Lestrade came out of the door with the one sided window in the same fashion, and the three men stood in the corridor, two only giving expletives and the other in deep thought. After a moment of loudness Sherlock said even louder, “shut up! Mind palace!” John and Sherlock had talked about the mind palace in therapy many moons ago but he was yet to see it in action. He ceased everything and stood completely still like a puppy who’s just been caught stealing from the cupboard.
http://www.chessguru.net/chess_rules/position.png ----> This may help with the chess parts
John was lying on the sofa looking slightly more content than earlier. If he was out much longer they should probably call for a doctor or something.
“What are the facts dear Watson?” The change of sound made John stop his automatic pace, the men stood still, facing one another. Maybe a meter apart, Sherlock measured it to be three feet exactly. John took a single step, watching his feet as he did so, closing the gap to two feet now he took to looking his detective in the face. John took a deep breath, bare foot and now full of tea he was finally ready to crack this thing. “We have the initial letter from anonymous, full of details and clues itself, proved by the finance statements and letters in mandarin we found later, we think anonymous to be the half-brother, lawyer…”
‘The Langbury’ was atop a hill facing out to sea. It was large and the white night lights made it much more intimidating that the orange mellow of the streets below. There were not even any moths flitting about in awe of the electronic beams. The door had been left open for the two of them, clearly someone knew they’d be in late or they were just extremely trusting hotel owners. A teenage lad sat at reception with his face squashed into his palm, eyes closed breathing heavy. Clearly John wasn’t the only one who wished for sleep. Without any consideration at all Sherlock pinged the bell and the boy awoke with a start and immediately went into job mode, “good evening, welcome to the Langbury where we offer exclusive services such as spa days and even tours of this historic town called mine head, how can I be of assistance today?” He said it all as if it were the same word. John was almost certain he was just sleeping talking, his eyes were so heavy and his head was slowly swaying. John knew how he felt. Sherlock spoke as if it was still midday, not a syllable dragged, “Rooms for Sherlock Holmes and John Watson please.” Then all of a sudden the receptionist sprang to life, he sat up straight and his eyes widened, “you are that detective bloke from London! It is a pleasure to meet you! I love a good crime story me, yeah, you must be here about the beach murder then? Who did it? Actually who is it, no one even knows that yet! Must be someone big if you are here!” He laughed nervously and Sherlock did nothing to ease it. Both Sherlock and John merely stared, not amused. John raised an eyebrow and spoke in a knackered drawl, “if you don’t mind it’s late and we have to be up early, so if we could just have the keys to our rooms…”
Pluck out his heart and feed it to the birds
Once finished he tossed the documents to John, “Doctor’s opinion. Molly where is her body?”
John and Sherlock have made it to the airport in Shanghai, there is crime organisation out to recapture them and with only two hours to get out the country and back to the safety of 221b the chances of survival are looking slim. Will they or won't they make a flight?
“Simple,” chimed Sherlock.
“John, sweetheart Sherlock is here.”
Both of them were admittedly still quite drunk, however they were in between a good night out and being the most hung-over anyone has ever been. Which made the realization of what was to come resentful to say the least. John went to speak again but found his mouth immensely dry. Thank fully the woman who charged them for the drinks had seen ahead and placed two small bottles of water on their trays. John opened the bottle and downed the whole thing. Just the act made him realize how much he needed a wee.
John stood dumbfounded and had no clue what to do. He heard Sherlock run back up the stairs to practically shout like a child who had just heard an approaching ice cream van, “John! Come on, we have a murder to solve!”
(See the end of the chapter for
I know I used that gif before, but it's too perfect.
This meeting had been pre-arranged, these two were the owners of the dock and managed its daily comings and goings. Sherlock spoke to them as if he knew them well, "Bonjour, it is a pleasure to meet you," Sherlock let go of John's hand and removed his I-D card from his coat and flashed it in their direction, a little bit too flamboyantly John noted. John did the same, without such drama, the local pair leaned closer, making the boat creak, to inspect the cards, and in approval they nodded and handed them back. The chap took a long drag from his cigarette before saying a word, in albeit an incredibly strong accent, "Bonjour, oui, we know ooo you are, the er two agent de police from London non?" John nodded and spoke confidently, "yes, that is correct, we are investigating the murder of Paul Delaney? Heard of him?" Both shook their heads and Sherlock took the initiative, "he was a very important man and he was found dead merely days ago, we believe this to be the very boat the people who murdered him fled on," there was an awkward pause and the four of them stared as if in a wild western waiting for someone to break peace. Sherlock said in a painfully cheerful tone, "mind if we hop on deck?" If they weren't trying to be in disguise John would have undoubtedly wiped his brow and sighed until there was no more air in his lungs, instead he smiled so wide that his cheeks ached. Those already on board merely shrugged and Sherlock 'hopped on deck' and then went to great pains to help John on in the most touchy-feely manner imaginable. John could feel his ears go pink, Sherlock needed to reign it in. John gave Sherlock a stare that said it all before returning to his act. Sherlock cleared his throat and then began his deductions whilst John asked the questions, "can you describe the people who brought this boat to dock?" The woman finally spoke now, her voice much deeper than expected, "There were three, et they were all men, how'd you say, er, they were dressed far too smart to be sailors, ai-je pas dit que?" She asked the question to her french companion, who nodded in answer, "I said it to him at the time, alle, they all looked er similar, like they could sibling, pardon, could be brothers non," John intervened, honing in on something particular, "what did they look like?" She continued, "ah oui, all blonde, quite grande, big gentlemen, not gros, er, not fat, opposite," John was getting excited now, "what were their accents?" She was momentarily confused, he took another drag, "where did it sound like they were from?" She understood, "L'Americaine, for definitely, l'Americaine." John felt triumphant, they were getting somewhere, three Americans potentially related to one another, "did they say where they were going?" Before the lady could answer Sherlock shouted from inside the boat cabin, "John! I think I found something."
“221b Baker Street please.”
Sherlock and John need to act husbands for a case, they also need to imitate police officers at risk of arrest just to get on a murderers boat...
“No I’m going, I’m a doctor, and I have to be with him.”
Sherlock stood and marched off into the oncoming maelstrom away from the cold wash he’d just been given.
John shook his head "Sherlock you were..."
is my phone?" Sherlock said the words before he even made it into the hotel room, and he was upset on finding that John was not there. "John?" Sherlock spun in a circle and buzzed into the bathroom and back. He threw his arms in the air, exacerbated and headed down to the lobby, hoping to find his friend there. "Bonjour, avez-vous vu mon court ami à la stature de l'armée et le visage grincheux?" The chap behind the counter was momentarily taken aback with such a description, yet a wave of realisation washed across his face. "oui, il est entré dans un taxi ce matin." Sherlock responded baffled, "il est parti?" Fervent nod accompanied words, "Oui, il avait l'air inquiet." Sherlock walked away with concern rising in his belly, his head was racing with the multitude of possibilities. Why would he leave? Did he say something the night before? Shit, did John finally leave, had he had enough of the case? Enough of him? Despite all of his words and promises, of course he would leave. Sherlock placed his hands in his pockets and kicked his feet, swinging one after the other. Then his pockets felt empty. "The phone" he breathed to himself.
Anderson was now a meter away from the Detective and the Doctor, he paused in his chase and uttered “well I don’t know Sh…” Sherlock waved the letters around midair as if in mocking, “Do the police know?”
With that Sherlock hit the 'reply' arrow button and sent the single word 'coming.' John saw the word being written out and then sent and he felt butterflies in his belly. He rolled his fingers against his palms twice and watched the detective race to his room to assumedly finally get dressed. John saw clothes being thrown everywhere but not the detective actually dress. Without seeing Sherlock he asked, "who's Reverend Paul Delaney?" An admittedly out of breath Sherlock shouted back, "he was a governor for the state of Alabama." John made an audible gasp and he too raced to his own room to pack a bag. This was big. A case that spread internationally, even more so than their first and last case. John had a million questions immediately. Within another one-hundred and twenty seconds, the pair met in the kitchen prepared to go. Sherlock asked "ready?" John nodded and with that they were out the door headed to Kings Cross train station to go to the town of Minehead.
On the twelfth day John handed in his leaving notice and said goodbye to all his colleagues and patients he checked on often. He had enough money for a while, as the severance package was pretty good. The main problem was that he lived at his job. The building had accommodation so he lived there, he was at work 24/7, or close to it. He had to be there for patients anyway, but where he would live for now, who knows? Sherlock put his book down at one point on the eleventh day because he’d had that same realization.
Sherlock guffawed and laughed out loud then on realising John wasn't laughing with him, his face fell, "oh you're serious."
Where is he
“I assume you mean the harder stuff, not cannabis which practically every simple minded person has taken. I took codeine pills to begin with, but the side affects were irritating and didn’t aid with my thinking, I began to experiment, meth was pedantic and unreliable, Diamorphine was good for a while but it relaxed me so much that I found myself unable to run around cases, Ketamine followed but the paralysis in the crash was in the least a nuisance, then I reached Cocaine.”
Sherlock grabbed at the corners of the towel beneath him and clenched his whole body, his toes curled and his breathing became difficult. A hissing noise escaped from between his teeth and John told him to breathe. On the sting lessening tears still escaped from Sherlocks' eyes down to the floor beneath him. Throughout this process John had put some thread through the eye of the needle and waited for Sherlock to be ready. Some of the wounds didn’t need stitching; they would definitely scar but would heal on their own. But others, they would continue to bleed unless seen to. “Sherlock I need to do some stitching okay, this should not be as bad as the sanitizing.” Sherlock just winched out a “god” before painfully nodding. He squeezed his eyes shut whilst John did his work. After around 5 minutes had passed, John had done all he could see. With another piece of material from his tee he then cleaned the torso of blood, fresh and dry. The water was cold and it made Sherlock get goose bumps all over his arms and begin to shiver. Once he was clean on his front John grabbed another towel from the bathroom and wiped him dry, this would help with the coldness that had spread from the liquid to his core.
John unbuttoned the detective’s shirt as fast as his hands could move, and what he found underneath was more than alarming. The shirt had to be pealed away from the skin, all the blood and sweat had made a sort of glue between fabric and flesh. That action alone made Sherlock hiss through his teeth.
I'm so sorry it has been quite so long, 31 days to be precise since the last chapter was posted, this month has been one of the hardest ever but I am absolutely brilliant now, and I am on my Christmas holidays so I will try and write as often as possible, which hopefully will be often x
Sherlock sighed and waved a hand before pressing on with his deductions.
The tent had a thin pole at each corner with which, police tape wrapped around the outside of the tent, Sherlock lifted it up and watched John and then Olivia slip underneath the temporary door he had made. Now that they had reached their destination, there was a slight pause, a hesitance most likely caused by some sort of preparation of what they are about to see, or maybe even the surrealism of the present alone was enough to justify such a moment. Maybe Olivia wasn't very good with silence, "there were lots of people here earlier, press and all, understandable seeing as not much happens here, we had to get the tent from another police department further in land, for most of the day the poor sod has been under a towel and behind a couple of wind breaks." With that Olivia walked through the little awning, moving the water proof plastic as she went to allow both John and then Sherlock to enter. There was a bit of a pang and John put his nose tight to his coat sleeve. That did not prevent from his eyes beginning to sting. Such smell evidently did not bother Sherlock, he was already down, expensive fabric upon his knees touching the damp dark sand that stretched out to meet with salt water. He reached into his bag and pulled out a full magnifying glass, if John knew he was bringing that he would definitely have laughed at a more suitable moment. It was an old thing, single lens, same magnification across both sides with a copper border and a patterned handle that looked like a tortoise shell that had been shaped and polished.
gahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Sherlock nodded and John could feel excitement rising in his chest, a real case interview. "Can you get us in?" was all Sherlock said, Lestrade nodded with a cheeky grin on his face. Sherlock uttered a child hood "yes!" as if he had finally been told he can have an ice cream. "Haven't got as far as an interview in ages!" Sherlock clapped once, "brilliant. John we need to head back to 221b to prepare." With that Sherlock whirled around and began to walk away, Sherlock was not one for goodbyes, John was still getting used to the social skills thing, so he had some how become Sherlock's mouth piece, or fake interpreter, something along those lines. "Erm, well Lestrade, Greg, thank you, see you in the morning, Sherlock will get him." They shook hands and Lestrade corrected him, "
"No! no!" was all John could not help himself but utter.
With a weak smile John spoke whilst looking into the eyes of his resurrected friend.
QUICKIE FLUFF/ANGST
A stout Chinese man wearing what was clearly an insanely expensive suit entered the room followed by one of the huge faceless men holding a chair. It was placed in front of John and Sherlock. The man sat and John didn’t shy away from him, he stared him right in the face whereas a very weak Sherlock could barely lift his head from staring at the floor. The man crossed his legs and spoke confidently, “John Watson, your friend has provided us with the information we need, and now we are going to let you both go. But when you leave this building, if we see you again, we will kill you.”
John moved his castle from H6 to D6. He picked the piece up off the board and sat it slightly cocky onto its resting place. On doing so he looked up at Sherlock and lifted one eyebrow whilst opening up his palms as if to say ‘come and get me.’ Sherlock was correct in the two moves behind assessment. He knew that John would move the castle and take the pawn at D3, but this is where his play had been decidedly clever on Sherlock’s part. Whilst John had been focused on the bishop taking the castle at the step behind, the bishop was also capable to take the castle at D3. The question is would John notice?
Sherlock is told that he has to remain in hospital for a few more days and boy is he furious. He asks one thing of John and one thing only.
John panicked, his eyes flickered to the door, waiting for Sherlock to float in and fix this mess he'd made himself, "no, no that's not what I said, don't quote me on any of this!" With that the reporter stood and walked triumphantly out of his seat and headed for the door. En route however, he met Sherlock who had heard enough of the conversation whilst walking towards the bustling breakfast room. "Good morning deceitful journalist, you can print Delaney was murdered and you can also print that Detective Sherlock Holmes and Captain Doctor John Watson are on the case, have a nice day" spoke Sherlock with not a shred of sincerity. John sighed with relief, he wasn't in trouble after all. Sherlock left the man standing in limbo before hurrying out of the room. As Sherlock sat at the table, John asked rather than providing a pleasant greeting, "why'd you do that?" A tea pot arrived and John thanked the smartly dressed gentlemen and as Sherlock began to pour them both a mugful he said, "with us involved, and confirmed involved, they are less likely to focus on the actual murder, but instead they'll focus on you and I, they'll most likely assume we're lovers, especially likely due to the fact that we did in fact share a bed last night, we live together, you were my doctor and you're a military man , several kinks many are attracted towards and to top it all off we do actually look like a couple that could work, it's brilliant, people John, gold fish are so distracted by gossip they can't actually focus on what matters. Milk?" John's jaw was practically scuffing against the table top. "Sherlock, I'm not sure if I want the public involved in my... our sex lives." Sherlock raised an eyebrow and said as a joke, "oh so we do have a sex life now?" They laughed before a waiter interrupted with "are you ready to order?" John shook off his slip up and said, "full english please," Sherlock said the "same" and the man asked how they like their eggs, at the same time both men said, "sunny side up" before sharing a surprised smile. As the gent walked away John wondered if that would be quoted in tomorrows papers.
Sherlock swallowed hard, he hadn’t thought so much as to the deliverance, the prevalence of his wording had never been very important to him. He reeled deductions and was inconsiderate with most. But not with John.
“Yes quite, she definitely had money, anonymous was right about that, bear in mind she only has an apartment in this building, but even a floor of that building is spacious.”
“John that’s it. Shock.”
His legs lay beneath him and he was reduced to a pathetic sprawl. An undignified action that Sherlock knew he did not deserve.
John had begun to sweat just a little bit, it wasn’t visible but he could definitely feel the perspiration on his upper lip. He needed to get used to this. Sherlock wrote John’s information on the board still at the top with a series of arrows, like a linear flow chart. The words now read ‘
“221b Baker Street sounds good Sherlock.”
The taxi was hot. All Sherlock could do was think of John. Where was he. What had they done with him. He needed to figure this out and he needed to figure it out now. "Shut up and think" he said to the air. The taxi driver was concerned. This guy looked well dressed but was clearly a loon, he wanted to drop him off as soon as possible. Sherlock unaware of his drivers concern, shut his eyes hard and felt his mind race. Connecting the dots before he even could. The victim, Paul Delaney, he was arrogant, asking for too much. His pattern was greed and pride. The man went after what he wanted and felt like he would not be stopped. This was established. They had seen that back in England. Oh how Sherlock missed England. John WILL not die in France was his overall emotion. Stop. Stop thinking of John and solve this. He punched his leg hard and brought himself back. Back to the case. The case. Paul was a patriot. White supremacist with a Christian agenda. Homophobic. Divorced. The man was not likable. Rich, alcoholic, his face was purple. His stomach had nothing in it but drink. But who would kill him? Who. Think Sherlock. The DuPont fortune. Who else got that money. Who else.
On the thirteenth morning, both prepared to leave the rehabilitation center. Weirdly enough it wasn’t just Sherlock who felt like he had been rehabilitated. John himself was also different. He no longer limped and he felt the most optimistic he’d felt in years. John surprisingly didn’t have many possessions, apart from his books which he had organised to be sent over to in a big load in a few weeks time. Sherlock deduced the practice of minimalism in John’s life had something to do with his need for order and control. It wasn’t OCD, just preference. Sherlock was already planning how to use this to both of their advantages. The books even may be of use for their now joint profession. Sherlock only had his suitcase with some clothes that Mycroft had ‘lovingly’ sent over, travelling light had always suited him.
John made a “hmm” noise before he began to rejoin Sherlock in the search for clues. They swept about the room and instead of the initial overlook they’d just given; they began to look at the minutia of the room. Admittedly Sherlock more emphatically than John, but that was simply in his puppy dog nature.
A flight attendant had arrived with a first aid kit and informed John that they would be emergency landing so he should get buckled in. One of the people whose seat he was currently in was now seated in his seat several rows ahead. The other person was told to follow the attendant to a seat right at the front. They were preparing to land. The captain of the plane spoke through the speaker as if nothing had remotely happened,
“Nope.”
You. Are. Welcome.
Sherlock poked John in the chest with his right forefinger to emphasise his words. The slight pressure of the finger-push made John almost fall backwards into the aisle. At this stage they were so drunk that they probably believed they were having a very serious conversation, when in reality they were just spouting utter shit. John took his next words as seriously as he could muster, he too put his drink down and licked his left forefinger before proceeding to smooth down both his eyebrows with the saliva atop his fingerprint. The action made Sherlock chuckle like a giddy schoolgirl.
“Nothing is easy John.”  So the two men attempted to entertain themselves, or attempted to sleep mostly (to no avail,) for the next twelve hours of their flight. They talked about their intentions on arriving in Shanghai occasionally. Both companies did some reading about the locations and the economy of China. Research was always good. Preparation was important, and John especially liked feeling ready for whatever he was about to face.
“What’s that Sherlock?” John asked.
The room was so quiet that John could hear every word from the other end of the phone,
The cabbie nodded as if to be appreciated for a human being with his own identity rather than an essential organ of this transport. What happened next proved to both Sherlock and John that they were definitely back in London, and proved Sherlock's love for the city. Raj spoke with the thickest cockney accent the men had arguably ever heard. "Awight' lads, where ya awf' to today then?"
Both John and Sherlock head back to 221b, they plan and prepare for their interview with a potential murderer tomorrow morning. John reminisces about the case, and it is evident that this partnership is valuable and one they both wish to hold onto for as long as possible.
“Sherlock Holmes, hungry?!”
On John’s returning he asked Sherlock, “you not need to go?” to which his companion replied, “I went around an hour ago I think.” John hummed before realizing, “how’d you get out? You’re in the middle seat?!” Sherlock made a half shrug and said, “I just climbed over you, and you didn’t even flinch, I nearly fell into your lap at one point as well.” John was surprised at how that image didn’t even disturb him. He felt pretty comfortable with the idea actually. He shook his head as if to get the idea physically thrown out through his ears.
“Yes, right the travel books, mainly in Asia, the East, what the letter from anonymous said.”
John sat and thought for a moment. He was right, things would change, and they would go through difficulties, it was unavoidable, but ultimately it would be worth it, and Sherlock was right, the job would consume almost everything, but that is what John wanted, at least for now.
Mrs. Hudson opened her ground floor flat door and to John’s eyes she did look like an awfully kind woman.
There were still signs of police all over the apartment. There were numbered pointers everywhere, and yellow tape over some of the doors. Sherlock ignored all of it. He swooped around the place like a bat in its cave. Blind but able to see everything. He mainly used his eyes and this tiny pocket microscope, but Sherlock also did… weird stuff. He would sniff items occasionally and even lick some things about the room. He was like a tornado tearing around. Or Taz the devil. Whirling about, making deductions and decisions about the murder and the victim and the person’s life and the police involvement. He was a spider spinning a most elaborate web. Anderson would pretend to look busy, but really he wasn’t thinking about anything useful. John meanwhile was busy looking through the books upon the shelves. Sherlock eventually joined him once he’d given the room a once over.They stood side by side facing the shelves. Arms crossed, deep in thought. “Initial thoughts John?”
He took a deep breath and began “On the roof I realised that there were only a number of options, either I…”
She kissed him on the cheek and then on noticing John her eyes practically exploded out of her head.
“Watson, do you always work bare foot?”
Whilst Lestrade was in terror, Sherlock and John entered as calm as anything. John followed Sherlock’s lead and he felt his heart racing, adrenalin coursing through his system. “Consulting Detective Sherlock Holmes.” Sherlock outstretched a hand with a sly smile; a twitchy looking Henry Scott stood and shook it abrasively, as did an understandably slightly calmer Mark Warren. They introduced themselves in an arguably unconventional manner, all that was said was “I guess you know who we are.” As Sherlock took a seat, John out stretched his own hand and answered the comment with confidence, “oh yes we do, Captain and Doctor John Watson, assistant to Mister Holmes.” The three remaining men shook hands and then all proceeded to take their own seats. Sherlock sat facing Mark, with his back to the mirror, and John sat facing the suspect, back to mirror also. John had never felt so cool in his life, and he was a soldier with a set of medical qualifications. He wanted to feel this way as much as possible, and by Sherlock’s side was the only way. Perfect.
Anderson practically jumped, “alright, alright.” He pulled it out his pocket and Lestrade grabbed it and sprinted back down the corridor, leaving Anderson bemused and the rest of Lestrade’s colleagues in humour but unconcerned.
the same,” John nodded again and carried on, “looked the same, and the, and the prints all match out, then we went to China” John paused for a quick but sharp in take of breath, “concluding that the smugglers group, whilst violent, and dramatic, they did not kill Eleanor, she was an asset, you think that the, the erm, boss guy may have even loved her, and erm I don’t know Sherlock I’m running out.” John rubbed his hands together nervously. Was that good enough? Was he good enough?
Once their breath was vaguely back to normal they watched the water for a moment lap up against the beach, almost disbelieving that such a calm looking thing could bring up a body, all four of their cheeks pink from the exertion, and then Sherlock said, “and by the way they were definitely not the murderers.” John asked with a big grin in full knowledge the answer would be good, “how could you tell?” Sherlock shrugged his shoulders in jest and said, “they were both at least, hmm I don’t know, eighty five?” John half laughed half gasped in pure shame, “oh god we must have scared the shit out of them!” Sherlock nodded, fully aware of the matter.
Sherlock plopped himself down in a chair like a triumphant cat. John remained standing and quiet for a moment. He headed over to the desk near the bookshelf and picked up a picture frame that stood on the desk. He smiled at it before bringing it to the table. He delicately sat down opposite Sherlock and placed the picture frame in front of him. “This is a picture of my grandmother, she was blind and was shot by some one in her own home over in Tottenham not far from here. Taped to her was a note that read ‘Sherlock Holmes did this.”
"Sherlock, don't turn it down! You've just been in major surgery!" Sherlock turned the dial anyway and said "Morphine affects thinking John, we need to get on with this case, process it, you definitely aren't going to let me leave here for the next few days even though it was what I would prefer, so let's get on, we are still in the country, relatively close to our capturers, so still in danger, therefore we need to solve this." Sherlock's face turned to a wince as the lack of morphine took affect. John turned the dial back up and said "I'd rather you worked pain free for fuck sake." Sherlock went to turn the dial back to its previous position but John sternly said "leave it or so help me god." Sherlock admitted defeat and sat up as comfortably as possible. "It wasn't them, it wasn't them that killed Eleanor."
Sherlock arched his eyebrows. “Threat?”
He hopped about the room like one of Santa’s elves, getting down on his hands and knees to look at every hemstitch in the tartan rug placed under the wooden table located in the center of the room, then from the same position on all fours, he looked under all the furniture, and once he had done that he climbed the furniture, settling upon a table top (much to Anderson’s protest) to look at the top of the closets, cupboards and bookcase.
“What is a ‘lifer’ in your terms exactly John?”
John sighed and rubbed his eyes before pinching the top of his nose. John turned the hazard lights on and then took a deep breath and got out the car, slamming it shut. The motorway was loud and cars whizzed past completely ignorant of John and Sherlock. John climbed the boggy hill and on getting closer to Sherlock he noticed he was inspecting a tall piece of grass. Twiddling it in his fingers and watching the light bounce of it. John slumped down next to him, his hands resting in his pockets in an effort to not show their nervous twitch. Their arms rested in comfortable contact and they said nothing to one another for a moment. "European Beach Grass" Sherlock mumbled. "Sorry?" asked John, watching Sherlocks long fingers flick at the tiny seeds. They watched them float on the wind to wherever they may plant themselves to fulfil their small destiny. "Ammophila Arenaria, or European Beach Grass, strange for it to be here, it's a South Africa native." John turned his gaze to Sherlocks profile, "why's it called European then?" Sherlock giggled for a single syllable, "we claim to have found it, it was brought over and planted around Europe, but it's strange for it to be here, it's used to salt water and sand." John gave a polite hum. They were being so careful of one another, in fear the other might break. John looked out to the horizon blocked by concrete, "Sherlock, I'm sorry if I, that wasn't my intention to, I..." Sherlock interrupted him, "John, I'm, i'm not very good in social situations, I never have been, I envy you you know." John pulled back his body and finally met Sherlocks eyes. "Me?!" Sherlock nodded and gave a sad smile, "Of course, you are comfortable in every environment you come across, I find being in a morgue much easier than being in a bar or well, anywhere that requires what most call 'fun.'" Sherlock said 'fun' like it was a foreign language, "I don't know Sherlock, I mean we've had fun right? For example, what about my old office, we had fun then? Or the plane journeys, well, several of the plane journeys, not the one where you passed out, that, that was definitely not fun, and what about since coming here hey? The hotel room, breakfast, for fuck sake we went crabbing like six year olds this morning!" Sherlock smiled with teeth and really listened to John's words, "Yeah exactly that was fun, and just because you don't like bars or being surrounded by extroverted strangers doesn't make you any less enjoyable to be around," Sherlock could feel himself well up, it was like a big swell rising in his chest and he attempted to force it away by staring at his leather clad feet. John continued, he knew Sherlock needed this. "it is okay to be cautious about people, it took you a while to be used to me didn't it, and look at us now? Living together, working side by side, driving to France for christ sake," Sherlock laughed and John joined in, "Sherlock you are like no one I have ever met, and for once in your life believe that is a good thing, you are like no one else and that's good, so many people would be dead if you were more like me, and you know things like what this type of grass is, if you were more like me you'd just walk on it, but you have already seen it doesn't belong here and you want to know why, and that is great, like you have said to me before, never stop asking questions, you're the same, just a much more intellectual same." There was a brief pause, a moment for Sherlock to engrain these words to the inside of his self. "and Sherlock."
Sherlock smiled for only a flicker. This is better than he had imagined, someone with him every step of the way asking the right questions. With a slow soothing voice Sherlock replied, “she must have made a mistake, even in being careful mistakes can be made.
On that note John turned and they entered the Morgue in search of finding the body of Eleanor Scott.
John hurriedly got his life back together once security checks were over; he put on his belt, got his shoes back on, collected their things, and on pushing Sherlock in the departure lounge he definitely felt safer. Surely they couldn’t have monitors through security? If they went through security then the only way to leave is to fly? Right? The monitors would have seen them exit security, and gone back to their hive to inform mister clinically insane crime boss that they had gone and all was well. Or at least that is what John was telling himself.
John and Sherlock arrive at 221b to soon becoming flat mates.
(and find what will you have left)
“Hang on, so let me get this correct, you want me,” John pointed at himself and his words became increasingly quiet, “to pretend to be your husband?” Sherlock popped his lips and said simply, “yup.” John was still none the wiser, “and that would help the case and our disguise how exactly?” Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed, “The French love a gay couple, and we know that stereotypically the French are less likely to trust a British accent right? English even more in historical context, if we were to play husbands working together, they’d be so thrown about our personal stories of affection and meeting that they’d let us search the boat without asking the wrong questions.” John bought it immediately, it could work, “and right so we need to get fake uniforms, change the image and names on those ID cards, create an entire elaborate rehearsed back story about how we became husbands and find some wedding rings.”
The rental car was small, a dingy pearl pink nissan micra Sherlock had paid a fortune to 'borrow' for a 'few days' off the only certified rental company in the whole of Minehead. The only problem was that this car rental company was by day only. Unsurprising to John however, Sherlock had managed a deal. God knows how long they'd be away for. Cramped for the two men as it was, John was excited. He hadn't had a proper road trip of any capacity for as long as he could remember. And this was a long one. Drive from the west coast of England all the way across to get a ferry from Dover. Then most likely they'd stay in Calais and do some investigating, find the Cleopatra, and see where it led from there. From Sherlock's theory the next step would be Paris, and this was something John sincerely hoped for. Paris. Fucking Paris. It needed no explanation. Imagine Sherlock in Shitting EuroDisney. For the first half an hour of that car journey John thought of little other than finding an excuse to get Sherlock to Disneyland. He pictured him with a face of misery wearing Mickey Mouse Ears being dragged around the ride that insatiably sings 'it's a small world' over and over again. John would pay his entire army pension to see such a site. Since John had known Sherlock, his companion had remained almost entirely occupied and it was only in the short days between this case and the last, that John had seen a dangerously bored Sherlock. In therapy, Sherlock had confessed that it was his minds appetite that caused his drug taking. So when thirty five minutes into the car journey Sherlock professed he was 'bored,' John knew he was in for a long ride.
John put out his hand and said, “My name is Dr. John Watson, and I think Sherlock needs a doctor around what with his previous substance abuse and erm such.” They shook hands, and whilst they did so Sherlock dramatically mouthed to John behind Mrs. Hudson’s back “erm such?!” John semi shrugged in response and once again was trying not to laugh. It was all a bit surreal.
So standing on those docks with Sherlock scrambling around, and the old man on land, John mostly just stood, bobbing with the water only inches beneath him, and looked at the moon and its reflected light on the water. That is until Sherlock caught him out, "John you're doing that thing again." John put his hands in his coat pockets self consciously, "what's that?" Without looking at John, he replied, "liking the sea." John let out a 'ha' noise only as long as a breath. They looked at one another and both John and Sherlock shared one of those moments they seem to be having a lot lately. It's all so surreal but it feels so natural, as if it has already happened. Here they were, nearing midnight, on a floating pier surrounded by boats, one of which most likely belongs to a murderer of an American Governor. This morning they were case less and in London, and now a new mystery needed to be cracked and apparently the two of them were the only ones capable of doing it. Both parties felt this way, why is it happening to me? What have I done to deserve this? To deserve him? A friend and ally. A kindred spirit. How did I get so lucky? It did not need to be voiced. Sherlock smiled coyly and placed the torch in his mouth so he was hands-free; the back end of the torch between his teeth made his grin particularly infectious.
lonely."
“If they are telling the truth John, about all of it, then clearly he must be someone high up, maybe even someone in the public eye, with lots to lose.”
"Shit. John."
“Brother mine, I’m sending you to rehab.” Sherlock scoffed. A most expected response, but Mycroft was in a state of genuine concern, a joke was the last thing this could possibly be. One must look after ones own.
. All of these documents were password and encrypt protected. Sherlock never wanted anyone to read them, especially of which John. He knew the mockery that was likely to fly his way.
Sherlock drew a line under this first set of information before turning back to meet John’s gaze and say “players. Who’s involved?” John looked down at his entwined fingers, and spoke slowly with caution, “Anonymous, could be a relative or a lover or both, and, the Asian black market smugglers who wrote those letters in Mandarin.”
THIS TOOK FUCKING FOREVER
On seeing Sherlock enter Molly immediately brushed her hair behind her ears with her fingers. “Hi Sherlock” she said whilst her cheeks turned pink. On John’s entrance she became even shyer about the whole thing, her wide smile dimmed and worry got stuck in her eyes.
John awoke by the sound of Sherlock’s voice for what felt like the hundredth time. Except this time something was different. The air itself tasted sweeter and everything appeared to be in abundance. The walls were whiter and the world felt pain free. The thing that actually made John open his eyes was the feeling of the breath upon his face. Sherlock was face to face with John, knelt down, in his hospital gown with barely an inch between their noses. “Sherlock!!”
Mycroft looked down at his manicured cuticles for he knew the next thing that needed to be said would not be received kindly. Once clearing his throat he said “I’ve told Lestrade that he is not permitted to give you any cases until you have successfully finished your treatment.”
On seeing Sherlock, all of the staff they passed either audibly sighed or rolled their eyes. There was a collective ‘here comes trouble.’ Sherlock it seems had single handedly made the police of London work in a mutual understanding, all because they were less intelligent than he. And Sherlock wasn’t even getting paid for it, nor did he ever have the agenda to make the police work as a group without divide.
To win in chess remove The King
THE GAME IS ON FUCKERS
They still need to get out the country, and the case requires attention.
Sherlock took a sip of water and shuffled in his chair for a moment. “Cocaine gave me a hit unlike anything else, I have taken it in every form but straight into the veins gives the largest amount of focus. It’s like injecting petrol into a well-oiled engine. It makes me go without any quandary; I can focus entirely on the work and I can almost forget that I am as human as the police officers and the cadavers I work with.”
“I just like playing chess with you John. I’ve only ever played with my brother, and he is a bad sport. You on the other hand have expressed you want a fair game regardless of who your opponent is. You must have been an honorable soldier.”
It was at this crucial point that a very lean waiter appeared. John thought ‘cheeky bastard I am trying to be smooth and now this tw’
“Why couldn’t I have been? Even if I didn’t play a role, even if you just, FUCK.”
As both men departed the plane, one on his back and one on automatic, John could not help feel as if he was falling down a rabbit hole. So deep, that getting yourself out will require every ounce of your soul.
He waded into the bar space from the night before, he headed over to the table at which they sat. A couple sat at this table now, munching upon breakfast, "move I need to go to my mind palace." Both looked as if Sherlock had just slapped their grandmothers and then taken his dick out, he used his hands in large exaggerated movements, "MOVE." Grabbing their croissants, they left frantic and terrified. Sherlock sat where he had only hours before. Where was his phone. He tapped his hands upon the crumbed table and felt the device spinning under his fingertips. It was here last, he was fidgeting with it. Then as he was leaving he put it in his belstaff pocket and tipped the barman. The bar. He leaped to its surface and was huddled over it in seconds, and by this point the entire breakfast buffet had become an audience. He ran his hands over its sticky plateau, skating to find where he had put the money. A sniff and a lick next to a beer mat confirmed where he had placed the blue euro note. He should not have drunk as much as he did. By the time he had left that room his phone was not in his pocket, and someone had removed it at the very spot he now stood. "Tu!" he bellowed to the same barman from the night before, "qui d'autre était ici hier soir?!"
“So their co-operation ended there. As did her life.” Sherlock sighed and then concluded, "my statement was her everyday spendings, ate well, she travelled a lot understandably, mainly first class with British Airways, lots of currency exchanges, Yen obviously. It all matches up."
The surgery was without a doubt a success, and once more John was impressed by the standards and ethical practice of this place. Everything about it was alien, practically no one here spoke English yet they knew the human body regardless of where it came like a children's maze. It was all easy, and completely unfazeable, it made John proud to call himself a doctor. He wished all doctors unanimously practiced this way on an international scale. Like clock work, nothing to worry about. As Sherlock departed the four walled surgery into no mans land, once more John returned to Sherlock's bedside awaiting his return. He decided that regardless of what was to happen, he had to ensure that no matter what he wanted to remain by Sherlock's beside, as only friend or more. Even then John didn't want to risk it, he wanted to be here with him, wherever here was he didn't care. As long as he was with
Faux tanned unlike Afghanistan
WHOOP WHOOP
Quote is Hawking just if you wanted to know. :D
Sherlock placed the key in its place and fiddled for a moment before the positive click was heard, John and Sherlock shared a mutual hum of appreciation for no more complications. That was until they entered the room. A single double bed sat in front of them, plain and mocking. Worse of all it just looked so comfortable, all John wanted to do was to climb in and pass out, but some negotiations needed to be in order. John uttered an “oh god.” Both staring at it, bags still in hand, unable to continue with the next action, for the next ten seconds the duo just stared blankly at the sheets. Sherlock spoke hesitantly, “well I’m okay with it if you are John, in fact I am not bothered at all, I know you, you know me, and people share beds all the time, every day in fact.” John nodded, more to try to force Sherlock’s words into acceptance. Like beating a wolf into submission, he fought with the whole thing. “Yeah, sure, erm, yes I guess you are right Sherlock, and I am very tired.” At ‘very’ John stressed the word emphasizing how tired he truly was. So with that they stepped forward and both put their bags down, without looking at each other John informed Sherlock, “I’m just going for a wee.” Sherlock made no sound, and as John entered the bathroom, locked the door and whilst he was peeing, he all of sudden had a million questions. ‘What side of the bed will he want? Is this going to be weird? Will this make things awkward? That is not what I want. Does Sherlock feel awkward about this? Oh god! What if he sleeps naked?! Surely not with me in the bed, right? What if he kicks me in his sleep? Should we build one of those pillow walls they make in films? Why are you getting so worked up about this?! It is fine, it is fine, it’s all fine.” As John flushed the toilet and proceeded to wash his hands he looked himself in the mirror and puffed out his cheeks. He stood in his military stance to brace himself for whatever weird shit might occur, then he unlocked the door and on leaving the bathroom the sight internally freaked him the fuck out. Sherlock sat in the bed as straight as a rod, fully clothed, but in different clothes to earlier, on the furthest side nearer the window. John was so not prepared for the image. He looked so casual, like a different person, without that coat and that suit, and John had never really seen Sherlock look as exhausted as he did now. He looked younger. John gave a nervous “hi” followed by a little chuckle escaping the two of them. This was a bit weird, despite what they’d both agreed. John went and knelt by his bag, unzipping it to collect some clothes, he normally slept as naked as the day he was born so he didn’t have any pajamas per say, a t-shirt and his… “Sherlock do you mind if I sleep in my underwear? And erm and a top of course” he added hurriedly, “it’s just I don’t have pajamas is all.” In reply Sherlock lifted the duvet to reveal he himself was only in his underwear, they both laughed similar to before and Sherlock said evidently tired, “I too don’t have any John.” With that John stood and took off his jacket, even though his back was turned to Sherlock he felt very self conscious, he placed his jacket down and turned to the sleepy detective and said as confident as possible, “I’m just going to change in the bathroom.” Sherlock nodded, he dressed very quickly whilst John urinated in fear that he may be caught mid-change.
Sherlock began to become excitedly animated, which put smiles on both Molly and John’s faces. “Someone has broken into her home, they’ve bound and gagged her, and maybe they’ve told her something that was so destroying it stopped her heart. Or maybe it was the attacker itself that was the shock. Or the fear of impending pain or death was too much to bear. So could be an accidental death. Brilliant! John you’re brilliant!” With that Sherlock ripped off his gloves and began to practically sprint to the door, leaving John to once again rush after him, on the way out John too ripped off his unused gloves, threw them in a bin, and shouted a thanks to Molly.
“The document says heart failure was the cause. For such a young age you were right to assume some kind of injection into the veins would have caused that Watson. But it isn’t that, it’s niggling at me. God! What was it that killed you Eleanor! What! Think think think.” Sherlock’s frustration was tied with his impatience.
“No she wanted more. She, unlike you, did play poker. She was good too, I played her and she took almost one hundred thousand pounds off me. Clearly she didn’t spend it wisely, otherwise she wouldn’t want more, or maybe it was just greed, funny thing- the human heart.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“This isn’t a Tolkien story you know, the world has a certain level of expectations about feet John.”
It was fast approaching one in the morning. The night was cold and both Sherlock and John wrapped their coats close around their goose bumped necks. They walked alone on the black streets that smelled always of the sea; all bar the decade old orange tinged streetlights. Some blinked menacingly, forever threatening to go out. They hummed and could be heard without being seen before one turned every corner. Once in view the moths that circled their potential paradise swatted around the lights in a manner that the planets orbited the sun. The single star, that has and continues to provide us with life and will ultimately take it from us. To the moths, this was their sun. Sherlock and John most definitely orbited each other. However, not in conventional polar order, they were more, elliptical. Working with one another they were at the closest point, it was rapid and electric. Without the work they weren’t in that place, not yet anyway, much slower, at least it was for now a continued orbit, always heading towards the next quick point. Gradually however, it was morphing from elliptical to polar. Closer and perfectly timed. In tune with the other, all signs read and acted on in the right way without threat of a mistake. But just like gravity, whilst liberating, it cannot be rushed or argued with. Yet, at the same time ‘because there is a law such as gravity, the universe can and will create itself from nothing.’
They placed the opened letters flat out on the table that Sherlock had recently stood atop, and the two men inspected the letters in front of them, hoping it would lead them to the justice Eleanor deserved.
“John your question.”
John and Sherlock have just left for their first case together, John sees the difference in Sherlock immediately, and it worries him.
Sherlock immediately knew that name, he continued reading eagerly. John was right, he did like this.
(See the end of the chapter for
(Warning some swearing. I'm British, can't help it.)
Sherlock turned to the board and wrote down below his previous jottings, “
There were thirteen letters in total. Seven of them were useless, promotional letters from shops or well-known service companies. But the remaining six, they were decisively points of interest. Two were debit card bill expenditure's from the same bank corporation for the last six months, and the residual four were hand written letters. Two in English and two in Mandarin. John and Sherlock split the letters into three each, Sherlock slid the two English letters and one of the bank letters to John to which John spat “you can read Mandarin?!”
“Yes ther..”
“I know all that already, John trust me on this, I am not a normal person, my mind is leagues above everyone else. Don’t take it personally. I think you should skip to nearing the end of what the program holds. Introduction is most unnecessary. What do I need to do to not be on cocaine again, give me the secret my brother has paid the fortune for. What is it?”
“Well Mr. Holmes you should be.”
Holy bananas. What should I write about next? Should I continue this fic? Start another one? Let me know pleaaase.
(See the end of the chapter for
kill an American Governor," which made John giggle. Most of what Sherlock said now was to either impress or humour John, it was a nice change to how he used to live. Speaking to other people was usually a bitter exchange. Everyone was so stupid and vacant. John was like no other, Sherlock could speak to him, really speak to him, and not only could he keep up but he would come up with things Sherlock wouldn't even think of. It was normally the human touch, the heart behind a motive. John had more humanity than anyone he had ever met. It made the illogical side of the cases more accessible to Sherlock. People are illogical, and John could see it, it was invaluable.
Anderson attempted to locate some pride, “Well, it’s disrespectful, you can’t just go looking through a dead woman’s mail.”
People love to watch trauma. When humanity is stripped down to what really matters, death, love, sacrifice, gore, we cannot help but stare. It’s like witnessing a car crash, it’s horrible and we know that the whole time in that moment, yet we cannot peal our nosy little eyes away from it. We all want a piece of trauma because it is what we fear the most. John in this moment was the car crash. To everyone else on this plane, he may be the man who could not save his friend from death. To everyone staring at him, this man they see before them is about to lose everything. The man who never did enough. The people on this plane will never know the outcome of these two men’s story, but they will envision the worst. It is our nature. We envision the worst and stock it up in our long term memory in the hope that if this happens to us in the future, we will either do better, or at least cope better, but ultimately survive. To everyone else on this plane, John was just as dead as Sherlock.
Now John looked even more confused. “No I’m sorry, I’m calling bullshit on that Sherlock. You spend you’re whole life ensuring people DON’T WIN. You are the good guy on that, meaning that YOU are the better man.” Sherlock gave a brief sigh.
“Forgive me John, I am not… I am not used to talking so freely. I must have forgotten my..”
(See the end of the chapter for
Also this chapter took me forever so I hope you appreciate it y'all.
Miles below
John moved his hand to Sherlock’s neck to which he pressed two fingers on his pulse to make some form of health assessment. It was slower than he wanted, but it remained strong.
The good thing about Paris in the height of the tourism period, was that everything was always open. 24 hours a day, Paris had its lights whether it was by the sun or the ever glow of the night. John and Sherlock checked in and did not bother heading up the stairs. A conversation had started that had no patience, there was nothing they could do about the bad guys they were chasing after until the sun rose, so they sat in the bar. It was nice, swanky sorta' place. Sherlock ordered two White Russians from the midnight barman, who seemed pleased that someone ordered an interesting cocktail for once. John was impressed at his perfect French for the second time that day. Sherlock told John to "go find a seat" whilst he watched the barman prepare the drinks with all the flourish of his training. John swivelled round to find the entire place deserted, all apart from two men in black suits sitting in an alcove. They looked like part of the furniture, blending in with the hushed light of the blackness outside. John pulled off his coat in a stretch of relief as he sat at a corner table with a wonky leg. It would do, and on sitting down John knew he did not want to move for a while.
Why would he send them a letter if he had done it? Guilt? Ego? Was he covering for someone? Why have someone you know is bloody good at his job investigate a murder you have part taken in? It didn’t make sense. John went through the logic and he couldn’t make sense of it. It was simple thinking he tried to brush it off but he had to follow his gut. Sherlock was in mid sentence about something to do with the smugglers when John interrupted, “mister Scott why did you write us a letter?” Sherlock looked offended and he shuffled his feet under the table to lightly tap his foot against his doctors, he was agitated, this was not what they had discussed. Henry looked tearful but bemused, “Mister Holmes is the best there is, and I knew he’d find out who killed her.” Then it hit Sherlock too, the nagging blaringly obvious fact he had missed all along, god did he hate when that happened, why would he send them a letter if he had done it? He’s been so dragged down by the horrid but true fact of the incest he’s missed the complete obvious. It was the forced morphine in Nanjing he blamed for such a misjudgment.
The two of them had drunk that much in only an hour and forty-five minutes, no wonder they were shit-faced. Sherlock still swaying and blushed from their laughing pulled the wallet out of his jacket, John went to protest but was too drunk to take any genuine action; he could barely lift his head from the head rest. Sherlock handed over one of his several cards to which John just uttered the word “money” as if drunk he had made an association and just had no other choice but to say the word. They paid for their drinks and by the time the woman went to hand back the card the two buckled in men were fast asleep. The lady smiled with relief and placed the card on the moveable tray in front of Sherlock for him to find when he woke up.
Sherlock ignored Molly before moving over to her filing cabinet, leaving John to stand awkwardly near the door. Molly tried to rectify the silence, “Sherlock, aren’t you going to introduce me to your friend?”
Sherlock walked away into the rest of the room away from their conversation. John gave an impressed huff and a shake of the head. Sherlock really was brilliant. “Who said that line Sherlock?”
“Well Sherlock I think you’ll find (* hiccup *) I am very good in the bedroom. Most memories I have of any sexual encounter are phenomenal to say the (* hiccup *) least.” When Sherlock went to reply, the same air-hostess who had been serving them their drinks the entire time wandered over and said, quite concerned, “Sirs, I have to tell you that we cannot legally provide you with anymore alcohol, drunken behaviour on arrival is an arrest-able offence. So…” She was interrupted by the eruption of laughter that came from the two drunken men. They could not stop laughing, to the point where John fell off his seat into the aisle, which made Sherlock and he laugh even more. Sherlock had his knees up to his chin in an effort to try and make himself breathe.It probably wasn't even her words, they just couldn't help it.
"Where is Redbeard?" Sherlock asked for what felt like the one hundredth time that morning, "you know where he is darling, stop insinuating that we go get him, he's too big for the plane sweet heart" spoke his mother. Sherlock huffed and placed his squidgy face on her shoulder so as not to look at any of them. What he was able to see was the many people rushing about the airport terminal, trying their hardest to get to wherever they needed to be. All moved at the same pace, regardless of if their flight was to be off in seconds or not for many hours. "Where are we going?" Mycroft was speaking with some urgency now, and he was almost being dragged by his father by the sheer pace they were going. "Myc' you figured out where we were going before we booked the tickets, why are you asking?" Their father was kind, but impatience was getting the better of him. Mycroft's little palms were starting to get clammy, he was scared of flying, he had been since he could remember, but no one else ever knew this, he thought in acting dumb they'd worry and turn around, or at least pause. He confessed it was minute probability but he had not said anything dumb since he was Sherlock's age, maybe they'd just notice. "It's a very long flight" was his only manic reply.
“How the bloody hell did you remember all that?!”
Sherlock shook his head with the same slight smile still upon his lips. “Sherlock this is going to hurt, and hurt a lot, but I need you to sit up, I need to do the same on your back as I have done on your front. I also want to check your skull.” The smile dipped back into tight lips and Sherlock, with John’s help, winced his way to an awkward seating position in which he was almost entirely propped by John. The sounds of pain that escaped Sherlock’s lips made John almost cry. Whilst he didn’t have the physical injuries Sherlock had, mentally, he was not at his strongest. He pealed the shirt off completely, slowly and carefully, and the back was even worse than the front. The lines etched across his back would most likely never leave.
John awakes in his Shanghai hotel room to find a surrendered Sherlock and six gunmen. They are taken god knows where and to John's peril separated. John doesn't know where Sherlock is, nor if this is related to the Eleanor Scott case. Will they get out?
“Oh no John that wouldn’t do, we need to be in London, both of us. The job, it’s instantaneous, we have to be in it, live it constantly. Especially when the heat of the chase is on. I have a spare room, stay there, there's already a bed and some furniture in there.”
Sherlock spun on the spot to once again face John, “which line?” John waved his hands around whilst trying to remember the quote. “Calculated risk, and profit and loss and…?”
There really was not much John could do. He frantically buckled himself in, checked Sherlock was strapped in to, which he was, and then he bandaged his head in the most haphazard way possible, but it would do for now. All who could see were gawping at the near hysterical Doctor. Sherlock was still breathing but it was minimal, minute sort of hiccup breaths. He needed his throat unblocked and open as soon as possible. John looked into the tiny green box with the smallest amount of supplies. He could use a syringe, remove the needle and suck out the blood from the back of his throat, but on a plane that’s about to land such intricate work was dangerous. The straws could also be used as suction, somehow, (John had done something similar to this in Afghanistan, he saved a mans life with nothing other than a straw and a small knife.) But, again it was too delicate. Not only did he need his esophagus unblocked, he needed surgery to cease the internal bleeding and to let him breathe. John knew the surgery would be invasive and would mean that Sherlock would have to stay in hospital for a few days. For the remaining three minutes of the descent John did the best he could, watched Sherlock nervously and held his head so that there was no chance he’d choke on his own blood.
“John stop, you are not trivial like this. If we argue, we argue, but the work is the most important thing John. It's the most important thing to me, and if I know you as I think I do, it will soon become the same for you, if not immediately. So 221b Baker Street?”
His lazy stretch turned into a pounce. Just like that he was at Sherlock’s throat; he had run at Sherlock so hard that the force had taken both Sherlock and the armchair down. In a chokehold Sherlock gasped, “John please.”
I'm real sorry.
“He?!”
"Hello... Raj." John was really not quite as confident.
“I tried to be anyway, thank you Sherlock.”
Have To Survive This.
A happy smile stretched across John's face, "no. No Sherlock I haven't."
“What? Sherlock you could have..”
John sat attached to that chair for what felt like days. It more than likely was for all he knew. He was given water and food by the same man who would impatiently feed him with a spoon, in what was most likely twice a day by John’s calculations. After a few days of nothingness and numbness, a metal camp style bed was wheeled into the room and John was detached from the chair and instead attached to the bed. The mere two steps in between the chair and the bed had John wincing. He hadn’t stood for days. His backside hurt from the constant contact with the chair and his arms refused to move from the position they had been locked in for however long it had been. His entire body appeared to crack and he even treated himself to cracking his neck when he sat down on his new form of prison. The chair was wheeled out and once more he was alone besides the camera that’s light blinked constantly red, watching him deteriorate away, chip piece by piece.
“I must be honest Watson, the lasagna looks rather disappointing.” Said Sherlock whilst poking at it lamely with his fork.
John felt his stomach twist and contort beneath his clothes. Nausea rode up his oesophagus as the taxi veered through the city streets. It was a beautiful day, the weather was mild and the sky blue. It did not make enough of a merry distraction however. Sherlock was in a public place, he must look fine to not attract attention, so that meant he must be fine. On the other hand, he might not be there at all, this could so evidently be a trick, underground in a place filled with the actual remains of the dead. He would have no phone service, and if those they are dealing with are as powerful as they both think, then he was in big trouble. Sure it might be a public place, but if they were working with the French government then it could be closed for the day. Open only for John. Leading him down the rat trap like a lamb for slaughter. The more he thought about it, the more obvious it was that this had to be a trick. Why would they want him there for any purpose other than harm? Why let him have Sherlock back? But where was Sherlock otherwise? They had taken his phone for sure, so they had made physical contact. John thought back to the phone call, swelling the words over and over in the hope to better understand them. The car shuddering over a raised cobblestone made his brain jolt. They were American, absolutely American, so that made their theory still on track. Paid assassins travelling to collect their pay. They couldn't kill them too could they? Especially someone with a reputation like Sherlocks. It would blow the whole story open, people at the village in Minehead knew they would both be travelling to Paris to investigate Delaney's death, it would be a great risk for them to murder Sherlock and John. At least that is what John was trying to tell himself.
“No, you?”
“I’m happy to be in your company too Sherlock.”
Back to Paris.
He looked up from his defiant stare out the window down at the picture. She was easily recognizable and Sherlock most definitely felt responsible for her death. John continued with his story.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Everyone does. But if you genuinely feel that way, then I’m afraid you may as well walk out of here a lifer.”
diag-nonsense, facing one another as he did so. "That makes me very happy and proud to hear you say such a thing detective." Sherlock fiddled with the hem of his coat, "oh yeah?" Moments shared happiness was embellished with a question, "you want to talk about anything else?"
“Well, when did you first take drugs, and what kind was it?”
John and Sherlock get ready for the day together (Sherlock shower sings and John fluffily looks after Sherlocks feelings like a cat would its kittens) then an encounter with a reporter at breakfast over a case has John and Sherlock talking about their sex lives.
“Okay statistics alone John it is a man, and besides if you were going to write a letter to me about the death of someone you care enough about to write said letter, wouldn’t you be as neat as possible?!”
Sherlock and John commence their first case, and it all starts with an anonymous letter and a discussion ensues before THE GAME IS ON.
“Please John can you give me something, anything, just something to get me through this.”
Of course, Sherlock wanted John to be in this moment for as long as possible, never before has he heard such praise.
“John I can’t do it, just tell my brother the dickhead that therapy went well, we have a lot of money he’ll buy you a yacht or something.”
Once the brief hug ended John went and gave his unofficial Mrs. a quick kiss before saying with a big grin “Sherlock do you still not eat?”
Love you all.
“Well Sherlock, John, can I call you John? Course I can, you are welcome to stay, and I am glad to have another pair of hands to keep Sherlock under control.”
The letter was written on very nice paper, thick and embossed with a sort of eggshell tinge rather than that usual grey-white colour we know so well on the cheap printing paper that’s used in everyday life. This, this paper then obviously came from somewhere important. By the time Sherlock had read it John had returned from his room and on John’s entering Sherlock held out the letter, inviting John to read it’s hand written scrawl. Once John freed Sherlock of the paper, Sherlock lay down on the sofa and placed his pressed fingers upon his chin. The words required thought then.
*even more manic* WHAT DOES IT MEAN WHAT DOES IT FUCKING MEAN
*throws cane*
"Sociopaths typically emotionally destroy those that are close to them, we feel a sense of entitlement, of which normally comes from rage, a deep underlying psychological rage, it means we act in a way that nothing is off the cards, anything could happen when around a sociopath, especially a high functioning one, we are the pinnacle of Machiavellian nature and all we want is success John," Sherlock wrung his hands as he spoke, "usually sociopaths and kind, trusting people don't get along and find each others company a nuisance, so theory one, you are neither kind nor trusting," John rubbed his eyes as if temporary blindness would somehow make his sense of hearing better, "theory two, whilst unlikely, I am a selective sociopath, theory three, I am a sociopath, however, in the chase of a cure, in various studies it has been proven that whilst sociopaths do not respond to punishment, we do respond to incentives, and somehow you have provided me with such things, or you yourself are the incentive John."
John’s jaw dropped. He meant a consequence, but not this consequence! He hadn’t been drunk in god knows how long. Were they comfortable enough with each other to do this yet?! “Sherlock are you sure that’s a good idea?”
Paris was a change, hell Sherlock was a constant change. A good one. Sat at traffic lights he looked over at his passenger who had an elbow rested against the window and a chin sat atop a childish fist. His eyes were shifting quickly in their sockets, meaning it was clear that he was mid-deduction when John began to speak, "you realise you are still wearing your wedding band?" Sherlock shook himself out of whatever concentration he had been in and proceeded to extend his left arm and outstretch his hand as if it were the most alien thing he had ever seen, "oh, so I do." As fast as he had moved previously, Sherlock then ignored the gold encircle and pulled his knees up on his chest, resting his long limbs precariously entwined in a tight weave. "Aren't you going to take it off?" John persisted. He felt a rise of panic rise in his chest, h
Sherlock and John have managed to get out of the smugglers den and they assess the damage in John's hotel room. Sherlock is very injured. He has been tortured and John needs to step in to ensure nothing gets worse than it already is. They have four hours to leave the country, in any case they may have got the information they needed despite what they have had to endure. How will they get out is the next problem...
“Mr. Holmes my name is Doctor Watson, I’ll be the one overseeing your treatment.” John’s outstretched hand hung in the awkward air and Sherlock did nothing but scowl at the sight of it. John put it back by his side and chuckled out an “I assume that this wasn’t your choice then. Don’t worry most people don’t have a choice. Then again you are not most people Mr. Holmes. Follow me if you will.”
"Oui?"
(See the end of the chapter for
In reality Sherlock thought this game pretty tedious, but he really was bored and antsy so he agreed to John’s game.
When Sherlock awoke he rubbed his eyes, gathered his thoughts, and had a realisation that potentially changed everything. It is as if he had run full pelt into a brick wall. John sat in front of him as he had a few days previously, awaiting eagerly for him to say something, anything. Well maybe anything but this, "John I can't do this."
John perked up a little in his seat, a game, good, this had the potential to pass at least an hour.
“It may be vomited all over you in the next half an hour.”
"I don't want to know how, I want to know why."
Sherlock put a thumb to his mouth and smiled cheekily. The two men then proceeded into fits of giggles. They couldn’t stop laughing until the plane began to make its ascent. They both wiped tears from their cheeks, and took several deep inhalations of breath, before the reality of the long flight and the enormity of the search that lay ahead kicked in. John looked over at his friend and asked “Sherlock what is our plan when we get there?”
"Arrivée," spoke the driver nonchalantly, not realising the peril John felt himself under. "Ah right." John paid the man and left, without a thank you. After all the man may have just delivered him to his death. John tapped the button on his phone, awakening the screen. It had been half an hour since the call. "the heart made out of skulls" he uttered under his breath. Visiting here was always something John had wanted to do, something on his bucket list, never under these pretences did he think he'd be doing it. It was a small green building in an island of a ring road that John was headed for. There was a queue of maybe twenty people, all waiting in line to see one of Paris's top attractions. John faced the back of the line, checking his phone like a nervous tick. He grabbed a leaflet from someone handing them down the line by the entrance, it had several different languages, English sat underneath French; 'It is estimated that the remains of six million people lay down the catacombs.' It must be pretty big, two more would make no difference, thought John, as he entered a ticket booth. He paid his way and headed to the stairs marking the descent into the crypt. It was a long winding staircase, and the excitement of those around him made John feel like he was in some sick horror film. The deeper he found himself, the more ill he felt. At the bottom he felt his stomach flip and the darkness ahead did not help. For around twenty minutes John walked, down shallow and thin corridors made of stone, it was a mining shaft originally, the cause of which found the mountains of skeleton remains, John let people walk quickly away from him and he walked fast to get away from the previous group, suspicious they were after him. He was provided with small comfort by the fact that he now only had one choice; to go forward. His feet propelled in a crunch of stone, unafraid, however the rest of him wanted to turn and run.
It was at this point that John broke down. The fact that Sherlock was in arms reach the entire time made the entire ordeal worse. He could have been behind him in a queue somewhere and never even noticed all because he hadn’t turned around. He felt betrayed and deeply uninvolved. Tears rolled down his angry cheeks.
On the journey home Sherlock could feel all his senses coming alive again, his deductions became quicker and more specific the longer the journey went on. And he had to admit, drug free all of it was easier, better. Both Mycroft and John were right. Drugs didn’t benefit his work at all. He would point out every adulterer, gambler, dealer, liar and more to John in that car. And once again John would just utter praise. Sherlock didn’t think he’d ever get used to it. People normally called him freak or something just as cruel. It had made a hard shell out of him. With everything John said he could feel parts of it chipping away, and it was nice, but mostly scary. Sherlock had never let his guard down to anyone before. Yet Sherlock trusted him, and he figured that if they trusted each other completely, with their lives even, the better they would work together. It may have only been two weeks but they were unbelievable together. If someone where to meet them it would appear that they had known each other since birth.
Arriving at Paddington forced Sherlock to cut his reading short. They ascended up the escalators two steps at a time and at the top John was even momentarily out of breath, Sherlock on the other hand bounced towards the screens. To Sherlock he had no preference when it came to train stations. He simply needed to get from A to B. A was a train terminal in London, irrelevant which one, B was the crime scene in Minehead, Somerset, South West of England. John on the other hand really preferred Kings Cross over Paddington. Kings Cross had recently been renovated, and it was brilliant. Clean, functional and well designed. The boards where huge and forced everyone to look in the same direction, like a herd who had been notified of an animalistic warning call, it was uniting. It was popular with the tourists, due to the brilliant Harry Potter series. They had a shop dedicated to it, and there was always a huge queue to get a picture taken at the trolley that was built into the wall with the
By the time he’d done this John was still scrabbling around the flat looking for the book, to be fair to him he had only officially lived here for less than eight hours, and of those hours he’s spent 10 minutes in 221b itself.
Sherlock and John shared a mutual laugh, and Mary felt a pang of jealousy at the fact that she was not aware of the private joke. So much so that maybe she should leave them alone. What if Sherlock figured out who she was? Who she really was? Potentially she should be as far out of Sherlock’s life as possible. A wave of panic hit her.
Sherlock's first night is over, John sees Sherlock naked and somehow Sherlock is okay with that, to the point that he actually speaks in therapy.
May have gone OTT on the gif front post fic. Not even sorry.
WHAT NOW
fav chapter line: "Oh John for god sake don't become a feeling idiot in this moment." John just began to laugh, Sherlock had just made them a 'we.' He felt butterflies in his belly.
http://www.chessguru.net/chess_rules/position.png ------> once again you made this
tingling
*catches cane*
Sherlock almost laughed, “You think Lestrade is the only detective I have wrapped round my finger? They’re all idiots! They all need me!”
“ John, it’s a tactic, they won’t hurt us.”
Enjoy xxx
BACK AGAIN GEN'
Also there may be a Jimmy Fallon and Elmo gif at the end. You are welcome.
“Well Sherlock, I think you have got through the worst of it, and if I am with you I can check signs and prevent you don’t use again as much as possible. I think having a doctor around will be good for you.”
“When?”
“Did you just say yes?”
Sherlock
John followed Sherlock to the sofa and sat down next to him. Anderson at this stage may have not even been here. “When did you learn all that?!”
As he brought the box over, Sherlock brought his observation to light.
Sherlock and John continue their first case together, they make their way to Scotland Yard and meet with Lestrade. On hearing Anderson's future involvement, Sherlock throws quite a tantrum...
Sherlock, fucking
John leant down and unzipped the black rucksack. He pulled out a large charcoal grey folder and heaved it up to then rest it upon the table. Due to its weight John opened it slowly and the first thing that was in the file were pictures of a dead woman. Eleanor. Cold and stiff, at both the scene of the crime and from images taken at the morgue, they were all pulled from the initial file Sherlock and John read through at St. Barts. All though they were upside down to the brother and his lawyer, they both grimaced and looked away. Mark spoke up, “is this really necessary?” Sherlock was clearly irritated, “we are trying to solve a murder not play tea and cake. This man was the brother of this woman, he of all people I’m sure wants to know who murdered her.” Henry looked up so fast he most likely would have pulled a muscle in his neck, “murdered her?!” This made Sherlock even more irritated, “don’t play games, look at her. Really look at her.” Mark spoke up once more, “this is outrageous,” and even John felt pretty shitty about what was happening, but he reminded himself that this might be the man who murdered the woman that was in these pictures.  Henry did look; he swallowed hard and then unwillingly gagged. Sherlock ignored the response, “see her wrists and her neck, round the mouth also, bruising and a lot of it meaning that she was bo…” Henry had had enough, “stop! Stop it! Alright, alright, of course I know, of course I do!” John felt a tingle go down his spine, they were getting somewhere. Henry straightened his suit and smoothed back his hair, he took a breath and said, “I wrote you the letter to pick up her case, I know your work well Mr. Holmes and I want to see justice done.” It appears they did not need the ‘hand-writing test’ they devised. It all seemed to be going rather well this interviewing criminal stuff. Sherlock spoke calmly once more, “John.” With that John turned the page of the file and what lay on the page was a photocopy of the letter that Henry spoke of. Lying directly next to it was the letter of the same type, the letter from that of a lover. John swiveled around the file so that Henry could see both letters. On quickly scanning both his eyes widened in absolute horror, “please, you can’t tell my wife.”
“Glad to be back. Actually, beyond glad to be back. I have some stories to tell you.”
“I was worried that, well I mean, people cannot know I am still alive.”
Sherlock knew it immediately, it only took four beats, "California Soul by Marlena Shaw." His face was like that of a proud peacock. "Right yes, yeah, your turn." Sherlock sat for a bit longer than twenty seconds but he gave a clearly nervous, "yes alright" before he began a very sweet hum. John tried not to laugh he really did, he bit his tongue and tried to focus on the road, as if he was intently trying to recognise the song in Sherlocks shaky hum. After maybe fifteen seconds of humming Sherlock stopped and said an impatient, "well?!" John shook his head violently from side to side with a very restrained smile. Every muscle in his face was aching from its constraint. He cleared his throat and said, "Sherlock I don't know I'm sorry." Sherlock huffed, "it was the original scooby doo theme song." John could not hold it any longer, he laughed so hard that he had to pull the car to a stop on the hard shoulder in fear of crashing. He folded himself over the steering wheel in an attempt to find gravity again but it was not there. He laughed until Sherlock got out of the car and stomped onto the grassy merge. Once John was able to put his ribcage straight again, he sat up and did feel genuine guilt. He could not have helped it. Then he looked out the left window and saw Sherlock sat in a huff at the small hills peak. The fact he looked so lost wiped the smile from John's face. He appeared so alone on that verge. John vowed there and then to not make fun of his friend, or at least persuade his friend to be comfortable enough around him to laugh along. John sighed, he so wanted this to be fun for them both. He was trying but Sherlock was so different to anyone he had ever met. He needed something other than this. Maybe he should buy him a crossword book at the next stop. John felt maybe he had not been very considerate of Sherlock, it wasn't his fault he got bored so easily, John felt he had been impatient in that stupid pink car.
“How often are the payments made?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“She’s quite unmarked. One tooth is chipped, but it looks as if it broke of a long time ago, so cannot be to do with her death. Her nails are as if they have been freshly cut, but not filed. They are not smooth but would most definitely get caught on a piece of fabric. Her eyes are slightly yellow, could suggest a potential drug user, most likely nothing particularly harmful but definitely illegal. There are a few bumps on her head, but nothing to suggest enough violence to kill her. Now the bruising is obvious, clearly, she has been restricted in someway. Gagged also. Most likely all at her point of death. If she died whilst these restrictions where in place, but she wasn’t found with them then this is homicide, but it could have been accidental.”
John shut the lid and unzipped the largest of the two pockets to find a plain grey cotton t-shirt. He brought them over to Sherlock and as carefully as possible slipped the top over Sherlock’s head and down his pale and gashed body. On the trouser front he now hesitated. “Erm…”
Alright a cheeky quickie
If anyone is curious to read or revisit the drunk previous flight that is mentioned in this chapter, they are chapters 20 and 21 of this fic.)
John and Sherlock hopped off the train at Taunton Station. From here they would need to get a one hour bus to Minehead, their final stop. They talked a many number of potential theories on the train journey, who would kill an American Governor? Why? Sherlock made the crude comment of "who
This young man looked at John for what seemed to be the first time, “rooms? Oh no sir you just have the one room, we only got a call for the one room.” He frantically began to flick through the paper work that sat on the desk in front of him. Sherlock spoke up, “it’s fine, just give us the key, as you can see my friend here is tired.” Sherlock gave a weak smile and then received a fervent nod, John rubbed his eyes and blinked hard several times in the hope he wouldn’t collapse right there in the lobby. A cupboard on the wall was open and there were around sixty individual hooks, all numbered, some with keys hanging and some missing. The key removed for them was number thirty six and they began to head to the curved stair case left of the desk, the receptionist spoke to them anyhow, probably following protocol, “third floor, breakfast is from five thirty until ten.” Sherlock and John ignored him and headed to their room. Sherlock could feel an imminent crash. John could feel the ground beneath him with each step but he was paying no attention at all, one hundred percent autopilot.
By the time John had taken his attention off the wheezing individual, Sherlock was already bounding around the pier like a Labrador looking for a tennis ball. The floor beyond the gate was thick concrete and at a calculated slope. Near the waters edge, algae clothed the grey manmade decline. A wooden bridge maybe a meter long was the breach between the land and the floating path system that connected and made all the boats accessible to their owners and detectives alike. Sherlock had the torch at this point, looking through boat windows with his face plastered against the panes. John could see fairly well, his eyesight was good and army training had involved a fair bit of night patrols. Night didn't scare him, as a child he feared the dark the most of all things, most people do, it is an inherent mutual fear we all possess at one point or another in our lives, however on Johns travel to Afghanistan the night watches were normally most welcome to him. The heat of the day had waned, and instead of hearing the orders from fellow soldiers, screaming or continuous gunfire, he could hear the buzz of the insects and hear himself breathe whilst everyone who had also killed a man was tucked in their beds, most likely dreaming of home, a hot meal or women. Sometimes attacks would be at nights, however the defenses at base camp were so much more advanced than the attack itself that the squabble was nearly almost always over in under an hour. It was considered a good fight if they lasted ninety minutes without retreating or all being cut down. When John returned to London from injury, he would often spend nights wandering the streets of London, fearing nothing and almost wanting a fight. It became more difficult when the limp came in, but the cold and black of the night did not bother him, war had trained him to find it a comfort from the blackness of the daylight. At least at night it was supposed to be dark.
However as the months rolled on his certainty in his best friends return wavered. After around a year the doubt positioned itself and around two months ago the acceptance of death overpowered anything else, but hope stood firm and it seems the underdog belief was correct, John always had followed his gut. Once again it did not fail him. He did wish it were sooner. Two years is a long time.
John stood and once more visited the hotel fridge; he pulled out a small bottle of liqcorice-flavoured tequila. He loosened the cap before handing it to Sherlock, “here. Drink it quick, nasty stuff but it’ll ease the pain.” Even before John could finish his sentence Sherlock had downed the drink in one swift action. The vile taste made him painfully cough once he’d swallowed it all. John lightly patted Sherlock’s shoulder before finishing the collection he was on before his patient needed seen to.
John and Sherlock awoke almost four hours later when it was announced that they would be landing soon. They both shot awake a tad startled by the loudness of the words that came out the speakers. “Good evening passengers, I hope you’ve had a pleasant flight, we will be arriving in Shanghai in just under twenty minutes.” John rubbed his eyes and Sherlock stretched out like a cat, both yawned simultaneously. "You alright Sherlock?" John asked in a rather croaky voice, Sherlock just hummed back.
Without missing a beat John threw down the paper and stood up and went to leave the room, "John where are you going?"
Like Beyonce and Oprah real
“Blimey Sherlock it’s ginormous.”
“Ya’ know I have no idea.”
“That was immensely stupid.”
The drive proved fairly arduous and mostly exhausting. Sherlock and John were now much more comfortable sharing this tight vehicular space after John's kind words atop the mound splayed at the side of the road. Eight hours and fifty five minutes dragged by before reaching an end point. There was traffic all the way to Dover, including dead stands at points on the motorways and several bouts of road rage from Sherlock (of which John was surprised by.) An agonising wait at the ferry port was particularly stressful. Most dull were the people that 'helped' them, to the point that for once John agreed utterly with every begrudging comment Sherlock made about the employees. They were sloths in neon jackets, flailing arms as way of direction advice and slurred sentence quips that resulted in nothing other than confusion and chaos. Eventually they were on the ferry, one of the last ones to leave dock. It was only then that both parties began to relax. John felt that initially excitement about an investigation across the channel seep back into his now tired bones.
Lestrade gave his orders and Anderson gave a slightly less dramatic protest but he submitted quickly, this was actually his job after all, and they both exited through the door without a farewell and in the almost the exact huff stroll. John raised his eyebrows and said a kind "nice to meet you Greg,” before departing to follow the two malicious detectives, one the lesser professional, one the unfathomable genius.
THE GAME IS REALLY ON
The tantrum that Sherlock erupted into was like that child you see in the supermarket who is told by their mother to put the chocolate cereal back on the shelf. He was all like ‘oh god why’ and ‘no’ and ‘Anderson is the worst.’ Amongst all of this, John raised his hands in a questioning manner and asked a now stressed Lestrade “who’s Anderson?”
“Quite right John.” Sherlock breathed in reply.
“I told you John, I shan’t be here long.”
go agaiNst the flockS
Despite this, all John could conclude was that he wanted it; he wanted Sherlock, in his entirety. John’s final thought before casting his eyes down on his unconscious and un-kissed friend, ‘oh, why couldn’t that have been real.'
John and Sherlock made it through six vodka and cokes in an hour, and the questions became increasingly personal. They were all hypothetical innocent scenarios up until the fourth drink. And then they just at some point hit the fuck-it wall; by the eighth they could hardly string a coherent word together. In a slurred drunken manner John asked “best sex you’ve ever had?”
On entering said Taxi Sherlock asked “John do you have any money on you?”
I'm the cat. You're the racoon. Take it oR SO HELP ME.
“Of course not but I hoped it would be enough. Brother you know I have access to every CCTV camera in the city, all I have to do is get my pigeons to find you and whomever you’re working with and give them the same threat I gave Lestrade.”
“It’s pretty gross anyway Sherlock.” John glanced down at his watch. “Gosh look at the time! We really haven’t followed your program, not even closely. There are these sheets that I need you to do. You will obviously find it tedious but would you mind doing them? It’s for paperwork purposes; I’m to send them to your brother to prove that you are in fact getting better…”
To Fight This, We Have To Win For
(See the end of the chapter for
John began to laugh, unashamedly so, he could now completely understand why Sherlock thought Anderson was useless. After his giggle he said to Anderson “I think if Eleanor could hear that now she would tell us to open her bloody mail if it pointed in the direction of who killed her. And anyway, even if the contents were embarrassing she wouldn’t be affected because she’s dead.” Sherlock had to bite his tongue from wanting to say “Finally!” He couldn’t believe he had met someone who was on the same page as he was. Ironic that was all his brothers fault really. At this Sherlock handed half of the dozen or so letters to John and at the same time they opened the letters one by one, assessing the contents of each envelope. Anderson stood like a dumb animal unable to do anything but moan about the whole affair. By the fourth letter Sherlock just said “shut up Anderson,” which made John snort, much to Sherlock’s happiness.
Candlelight flickers stone
“Mother would not like your sarcasm.” Tutted Mycroft.
Whilst Sherlock finished his talk he sat back in his chair and moved a second pawn from B2 to B4.
I love you thank you for your endless and loving support. Find me on instagram, 'watson_to_my_holmes' and tell me what you thought. Special thanks to @relentlesslycheerful with your help for the conclusion, it's something I'd have never thought of without you.
Then, an email.
"John?" The woman exclaimed, "I thought your name was Joshua? Like one of Moses' spies? Joshua," Sherlock appeared panicked at the cabin door, John went to speak, rather desperately in fact, but Sherlock beat him to it. "He prefers John, he always thought Josh was... effeminate," with an accompaniment of a shit eating grin and splay of his fingers, It would do. Well they knew something real about them now, no going back. Both the french man and woman stood taller, ready for action, distrusting in their manner but willing to let whatever this shambles would entail to continue, for now anyway, after all they said they were police. Now Sherlock resumed his excited manner and had to continue with a real name, "John, come!" Sherlock vanished into the blackness of the hold, John flashed an awkward smile to those he was about to turn his back on, before moving swiftly off deck, feeling like his shirt was tightening around his neck. At the boat cabin door he loosened it nervously with a finger to no avail. Initially the cabin was dark, and it proved seeing difficult, however after a second or so his eyes adjusted. At first there did not appear to be anything unexpected, it was a modern boat with all the furnishings, a breakfast bar now laden with decaying fruit, a small sink one would have to lean over to reach, a fold away bed and some books upon a shelf. Nothing untoward and John would have undoubtedly been completely lost if it was not for Sherlock pointing out his findings.
“So they killed her?”
Sherlock awoke maybe an hour after John awoke from his own disturbed slumber. In that whole time John paced anxiously, questioning whether his feelings where genuine compared to some sleep deprived or stress induced insanity. If they were, should he tell Sherlock? If it turns out not to be, should he tell him about his dream anyway? God this was all so confusing. When Sherlock woke up John just said, admittedly timid, "hello. How are you feeling?" Sherlock just groaned and said "what happened?" John took a cautious step closer to Sherlock's cheap hospital bed and said "you collapsed on the plane, we are in a hospital in Nanjing, they had to emergency land, it was all very dramatic, you would have loved it." A nervous laugh escaped from John's mouth. Sherlock was now fully out of the depths of sleep and went to prod around his chest.
Quickie.
“Exactly, specifically there are most on Shanghai, business sector and upcoming international affairs corespondency site, there are also Chinese economy books. Eleanor was paying attention.” John thought briefly before turning his face to make eye contact with Sherlock. With a knitted brow he asked, “If she was so careful, how is she dead?"
John jumped in as if he had always belonged, “about what?”
The landing was smooth. So much so that the two relaxed gentlemen barely even noticed the plane make contact with the tarmac. Such a knock better befitted a speed bump in a hummer. Both men actually slept for most of the long haul flight, so were strangely refreshed. Although the past two weeks had had a definitive strain. Less than a month on the job and John already felt like a holiday. They hastily collected their bags and Sherlock could not wipe the smile off his face. On walking through the automatic doors at 'arrivals' Sherlock even did a little twirl and said to John "breathe it in John! London!" John just laughed. He too was very relieved and did share Sherlock's excitement.
Bargain to have
Sherlock walked from his allocated room to John’s now welcoming office. He felt the cold floor press against the balls of his feet. It was almost liberating. He could see why John did it. On nearing the door Sherlock felt what seemed to be butterflies in the pit of his stomach. He was excited. Why was he excited? The questioning look on his face remained until he passed through the doorframe.
“You let me believe, for two years Sherlock, you let me grieve.”
Nearing the exit Sherlock shouted, “John I need a yellow pages, we need to know everything about the woman! Who she knew, who she worked with, who she loved, hated, all of it.” John breathily replied “Why are you running for a yellow pages?!”
John started to laugh then, really laugh. He was hit with relief. He was going to get married and his friend was alive. In fact Sherlock could be his best man! That is something he couldn’t consider until thirty minutes ago. Sherlock bloody Holmes. Only he could return from the dead. John always had a teeny amount of hope. It was large at first, for example at the funeral he was resolute in his belief that Sherlock would jump out from behind a tree by the church and expect everyone to laugh. When he didn’t John covered it up with maybe tomorrow. John would find himself buying necessities at the supermarket expecting Sherlock to put Jam in John’s cart when he wasn’t looking, even if he didn’t reveal himself this would let John know that Sherlock was okay. That is all he would have needed.
“You should avoid dairy and processed foods for the time being. Natural sugars only Sherlock.”
Sherlock reached forwards with his left fingertips and moved a pawn piece from E2 to E4. “Do you know why chess was invented John?”
As soon as John went to ask what Sherlock was doing, it became clear what he was trying to tell him, at the fourth button the shirt was open enough to reveal something John had missed. There was a very thin looking cut maybe an inch long stretching from the gap between the rib gage down towards the belly button. John winced a little bit and there was an audible gasp from Olivia, as Sherlock endeavoured to continue to undo the rest of the buttons John looked away until the shirt was completely open. On returning to look at the body there were a further three marks of the same width and length varied around the gut region. John could not take his eyes away, "how? How could I have missed that?" Sherlock said a comforting, "it's alright, not easy to detect unless stumbled upon. You were right about one thing, he was killed on land, either bare chested at time of stabbing, or his shirt has been replaced once he has bled dry. The salt water would also have washed any remaining blood away from making contact with the fresh material fibres, it also helped that he has washed up on his back, meaning that if there are no wounds on the back the blood has no way of forcing itself out without a heart beat, however I think there is not really any blood left in this body meaning that he has been dead for at least twelve hours at the time of washing up and the shirt would have been put on or replaced a long while after death, most likely just before being dumped into the water judging by just how clean the shirt is, too difficult to do on a boat unless the boat was large, we need to know of any sitings of boats of a considerable size maybe three miles off shore, too risky further in and it can't be any further out than that other wise he would not have washed up at all, washed out to sea instead. He could have been dropped maybe eights miles along the coast line in juxtaposition for the tide and the time, this body is fresh, under twenty fours when taking in consideration the overall flexibility of the joints and the limbs, so not much more than that, so that is our search field, from those figures and judging by the condition of his skin, I would say he has been in the water for at least seven hours, either the murderer wanted his body to wash up for someone to find, or they are just a complete idiot who had no plan when murdering an American Politician, amateur, statistically I would hazard towards the latter. This means that we have a definite place of murder, to drag a body over board takes strength, could be more than one involved in the murder, place of murder means there would have been a lot of blood spilled, messy and hard to completely cover up, and we are looking for a fairly large knife with a sharp point. Olivia, he needs to be moved to where he can be fully inspected within the hour and we need to begin questioning people immediately, tell no one specific facts, only that there is a dead man on the beach, we also will need keys to access the dock, we need to inspect boats." With that Olivia exited the tent and she was soon heard talking on the phone to whoever could make all of those a reality. "Brilliant" was breathed out of John, genuine amazement written all over his form. Sherlock felt an internal jolt of delight, showed nothing, and then proceeded to pull the two sides of the shirt back together and put the central button through it's allotted counter part so that Paul was semi covered.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why? Well so I wouldn’t die obvio.. oh you mean that why.”
“Cases, murders. That is what I need. Otherwise I go stir crazy. I need something to understand, fix. I’ve never met anyone whose been able to keep up with the logic it takes to locate and solve all the moving parts a murder case dictates and demands. The police, they need me. It works because they are all useless. If any of them were good at their jobs they wouldn’t call on me so often.”
“Sherlock” she said cheekily whilst tapping him across the chest with the back of her right hand “well who is the boyfriend? Introduce me to the man you’ve obviously ran away with for the past two weeks.”
It read
John obeyed without question. He was wearing boxers and a t-shirt already, so to prevent any form of impatience he simply slipped on the jeans he threw on the ground before and went to kneel before another angry bark was heard from one of the six gunman. Sherlock spoke once more, “Shoes.” John nodded and slipped on some socks and shoes. It took him longer than usual because his hands were shaking so much. Then he knelt.
John stood for what felt like a too long a time, he stretched out his body and Sherlock noticed the slight painful twitch when John rotated his left shoulder. Must have been where he was shot. To take him out of the army it must have been pretty bad. The limp really was psychosomatic. Then something amazing happened. As John walked to get the papers he spoke of he didn’t limp. He walked straight and thorough.
John was so concerned he felt his nasal passages burn and his eyes water, "what Sherlock?"
Sherlock was intolerably calm in his response, “Mister Scott, I am a detective on your daughters case, I know it’s late, must be awful for you,” at this statement Sherlock rolled his eyes at John, which made John even angrier about the whole thing. “I just need to ask you some simple questions, were you aware of your daughters professional part of an international object smuggling corporation located somewhere in the East?” John was so furious and ashamed by the whole thing he went to grab the phone off Sherlock, of course Sherlock ignored and simply put the phone on speaker and held it high the air so John couldn’t reach. He tried; he really did, at one point John even jumped in his attempt to end this embarrassment.
“Well it’s a threat really, a dangerous one, it’s indirect but definitely something that would make Eleanor at least panic, it’s given us a motive, but tracing this back to the organization is not going to be easy to place. Funny normally you find who did it before you find the motive. Guess this one is the other way around.”
sign directly above it. John thought it was fun, it was great that such a thing gave purpose to an entire generation. Paddington was just as historical due to that famous lost bear from Peru. However it was scattered, the boards where old and small and all over the place. So John had a favourite, however the thought of a case with Sherlock over rode his inhibitions. He didn't voice any of this to Sherlock, he'd probably call it trivial or something and mention his 'A to B' thought track.
“And?”
Sherlock is bored on his shared road trip with John. After Johns suggested car game goes to far, they have a conversation that's be coming for a long time.
John said his final goodbyes on his way out and he had a definite spring in his step. Sherlock simply made courteous nods, and on exiting the building they walked to the next more populated street to ensure Sherlock could easily hail a black taxi.
John looked up to meet grey eyes, "did he put money towards the creation of this?" Sherlock nodded slow and concise. "Sherlock, he funded the beginning of war." Sherlock nodded gravely once more then spoke softly, "it appears obvious now why his life fell apart, left the church certain he'd get a huge chunk of that black gold, divorced when that didn't work out, joined politics to ensure his safety, I imagine once Barack came into presidency his views would be forced to scatter, he was on a path John, he managed to get his hands on this documentation once more and has fled with it, hoping it'll save him, maybe hoping to use it to black mail later on, the question is were his murderers aware of this, and if so were they assigned to him to end his life off American soil, and if yes, who by? Them leaving this all suggests no but he's too involved that it thwarts any other motives." John began to pace, paper still in hand, thinking so hard he felt a headache coming on. "There's more." With the younger mans words, John stopped pacing, and he inched closer to the pages once more. Sherlock pointed to one directly in the middle, John unafraid leaned down to study it. He understood this one, "the French government knew about it." Sherlock uttered a woeful "yes." John stood upright as comic as a meerkat.
Okay so six gifs may be the limit
Mary had no pretense of allowing Sherlock into her and John’s house. How could she? After what he had done to her John. Or rather, their John. THEIR John. Mary told herself often that she wasn’t the first. Yet, a small part of Mary was rooting for Sherlock. After all the incredible adventure stories she had squeezed out her boyfriend, how could anyone not be curious. Besides the man successfully staged and faked his death for TWO years. He had to be worth something, some form of reconciliation. He was after all the reason as to why she met John, maybe she deserved to give John and him a chance.
As soon as John sat down and made himself comfortable, Sherlock was up on his feet again, John threw his hands in the air and huffed. One day on a case they’d had together, one day, and John had already pretty much figured how it was going to be. Sherlock began collecting things from about the flat, paper, pens and most curiously what appeared to be a very old professor style blackboard on wheels. It had a wooden frame and the board flipped over 360 degrees on particularly squeaky hinges. Sherlock pushed the ancient beast from his bedroom, with arguably a dramatic effort, and placed it in front of the sofa where John sat.
“I guess it never came up, now the letter can you run it for prints?”
“Every idea I have is a good idea John.”
John and Sherlock are flying out to China to make progress in a smugglers case, on getting bored on the long flight Sherlock suggested a drinking game, hilarity ensues.
Sherlock sat up excitedly and swung his feet round to touch the floor so he could face John.
“Well, Sherlock I believe your brother informed you I was the best in the business? Well he wasn’t wrong. You indeed won’t be in here long Detective Sherlock Holmes. Right where were we? Oh yeah chess.”
“Call me the queen for all I care, I won’t be here long anyhow. Weakness?”
"no I'm not" Sherlock interjected, John shot another look
She unwove herself from under John’s arm. Her action was accompanied with the words “maybe you boys should go out for dinner.”
Once more John went to protest but found he was beaten to it, “he isn’t my boyfriend Mrs. Hudson, he is my doctor and I didn’t run away, Mycroft forced me into rehab. Which has resulted in John living with me for the foreseeable future, if not forever, I am going to skip all the questions and just assume you are okay with that. He will help with rent and he is incredibly tidy much to your joy I’m sure.” Sherlock gave a clearly forced smile, which made John have to bite his lip in an attempt to not laugh.
(See the end of the chapter for
John gets real
bloodied by that hAwk
Sherlock seemed to zone back into the conversation, “and many cases to come John.”
I actually really like this chapter. I cannot wait to write the conclusion guys. Who knows where these two will go next.
Sherlock had woken John once before, in Shanghai, however that was at gun point. He wanted to do it right this time, pacifistic and at zero threat. John had heard Sherlock watching him this whole time. He knew Sherlock was looking at him for he could feel it, and he heard the detectives foot steps inch closer, making faking sleep increasingly difficult. He walked over and shook John's arm gently with an open hand. "John" he hushed. John took a deep inhale and opened his eyes as slowly and sleepily as he could muster. On breathing out a tired "morning" he think his acting passed. He felt he'd made the right decision in not embarrassing the detective. Sherlock mimicked a quiet "morning" before going about his routine. John rolled out of bed for the second time today and made his way into the bathroom and on shutting the door and undressing, Sherlock was doing the opposite. Sherlock heard the shower turn on and thus thought it safe to disrobe. The suit he was to wear today was one of his best. Savile Row, exact measurements with secret seam pockets and his favourite red thread to the collar button hole to match his Belstaff coat. It was a very dark grey, almost black at a vacant glance, but a trained eye would have spotted its true colouring. The shirt underneath was crisp white and he questioned whether to have two or three buttons undone before deciding upon two. And of course this suit meant that going commando was the only way forward.
Sherlock and John need to escape China, they have only three hours to get out of the country and back to the safety of 221b. With Sherlock in serious pain it proves more difficult with every painstaking second that passes by. How are they going to get home?
"I think we should pick them up, put them in 221c, leave a window open a little bit, then you can have bees then?"
“Well detective bring it on. I have spent many days playing chess and I too am competitive.” John rose from his chair and stroll to his desk that lay consumed by the left side of the extensive book collection. He bent over with one leg straight in the air in order to keep his balance, whilst pulling what appeared to be a large foldable chest set from under the desk; there must have been a hidden shelf under the initial wooden paneling, for he didn’t bend down low enough to enter one of the cupboards on the side or even to where it could have rested upon the light wooden panels on the floor.
(See the end of the chapter for
John opened the door and said “Sherlock this place is unbelievable! I simply won’t be able to afford it, any of it, I was so excited by the trip and focused on the case I forgot about the financial side of it all…” Sherlock stopped him there and said “John please this is for the case, I have an account set up for professional spending’s, we work together now, we just both use the account, if we make any money from the work we just feed it back into the account. We are here for the work, cost isn’t an issue but the case is. If we live we solve cases, so we simply pay to live and solve, that's all.” John nodded, it did make sense, and they would make money from this case, anonymous said so in their letter.
"Yes I know, tortured, neglected, I was near pneumonia, malnutrition blah blah blah it doesn't make a difference! The case John, this is what I was saying, it defies all! Eleanor is dead and we need to solve her murder, it's our job."
Sherlock and John arrived at Kings Cross at 3.46pm. On seeing the boards it became obvious that this station would not take them to were they wanted to go. Oyster cards in hand they took a very short tube ride to London Paddington. John loved the Underground. Unlike lots of people, the Underground made him feel safe. Its intricate series of tunnels and opposing streams of people made him feel oddly secure. Maybe he liked the anonymity about it. Becoming a soldier gave him a code and a position meaning that he was just a part of the thousands of other men that had signed up, important but minor all at once, the city did the same thing for John. London: the city that literally never sleeps. Millions of faces to be amongst and be a part of the beating heart of the place. The underground did this especially, he felt simultaneously at the centre of the world and insubstantial all at the same time. He asked Sherlock over the screech of the metal on metal that lay beneath them "why do we not use the Underground more?" Sherlock looked up from his free copy of the 'Evening Standard' that awaited him in the seat to look at his assistant. "Being above ground is more beneficial for the work. Looking out the window of a taxi you can see it all and the crime that may have or will occur, it allows me to really see London as it truly is. Underground only allows you to see people on platforms, who you share a seat with and the black innards of the tunnels, may sometimes be useful but, that's all it offers from a professional perspective." With that Sherlock fleshed out the paper with a single shake and continued to read a story about the drug abuse caused by a Surrey member of parliament. John just nodded, accepting the reasoning, he looked at the front of the paper and realised that tomorrows headlines would probably be about the man of which they were heading to investigate.
