“Come on then, soldier.” He grabs their coats and holds the door open for Steve to hobble through; glancing back at the damned room one last time to finally put this sorry nightmare to bed.
It was at this very moment, that Tony knew he was truly fucked.
“Get out,” the words were nothing more than exhalations from Tony’s mouth but they were deafeningly clear to Steve. “Please, Steve just- leave, now.”
Steve slowly starts to shake his head and then opens his arms in a display of arrogance. His mouth twists up into a dangerous smirk that screams hurt and destruction.
He knows Steve is pushing down the urge to drag the same old fight up- he can see how tightly he’s pursed his lips together which was usually a gateway for exploding.
“Have we met before?”
“I look forward to it.”
“How highly illegal.” Tony deadpans and claps the doctor on the back as she slides out of the door. Steve watches her go with a wave before he’s clearing his throat and shrugging his shoulders at Tony’s watchful gaze.
“I’m good thanks, lovely.”
“You’re away with the fairies, bro. You had a fight with the big man or somethin’?”
“Stop thinkin’ so loud.” Steve murmurs and presses his lips to Tony’s sweaty temple. Tony huffs into Steve’s pec which causes him to shudder involuntarily at the ticklish breeze of air that furls over his nipple.
Pepper hides a smirk and smooths her dress down for the hundredth time that evening- or maybe for that hour- as Tony’s brain was melting through the boredom.
“I probably shouldn’t be holding you like this then.” He sighs. Tony shrugs and moves his hands to cup Steve’s elbows; two weights firmly anchoring them both to the ground. Politics had a funny way of sweeping people up like a tornado and spitting them back out with no pride and no energy. Tony hated how much he understood that now, even after all this time.
Just like that, the bottom falls out of Tony’s world.
Steve chuckles but Tony just shifts in his chair uncomfortably. “Sorry about him.”
“He-he had the nerve to accuse me of extortion and I just…” Steve fumes to a bored looking Bucky and knocks back a shot of tequila with a grimace. His best friend just raises his eyebrows sarcastically.
Tony blinks in quick succession at the sight and immediately his heart lurches to his throat. He screams for Steve but his feet are weighted to the ground by blocks of concrete with The Avengers’ party colours slashed into the side.
“T’others…” he whispers groggily, Tony nodding vigorously to calm him down.
He wets his lower lip and allows himself to remember, for a split second, what it was like when he’d watched Tony stop breathing. “Am I fuck.”
Steve opens his mouth to scream back at him when out of nowhere, five gun-wielding strangers dressed head-to-toe in bike leathers explode through the elevator like something out of a shitty superhero movie.
Steve waits as Pepper whispers praise into her daughter’s wild hair. It feels too intimate and like Steve shouldn’t be there. The sun begins to properly set, casting looming shadows into the water.
“Stop making my staff cry.” Pepper continues with a glaring warning that sends shivers down Tony’s spine. “I’m not joking. Watch what you say, otherwise you’re dealing with the consequences. I’m done. I’ll get Natasha to replace me, seen as she was already thrown in the deep end today.”
“The nightmares are back I’m guessing.”
Bucky holds his hands up placatingly.
“You need to let the past go.” Matilda chimes in softly, her fingers yearning to reach for Tony and wipe away the tears collecting at his waterline. Never in her few precious years as a certified therapist had she seen such pain in two individuals. She had never seen the effect of childhood trauma as explicitly as the anxiety slicing through the President sitting a foot away from her shoes. “Sir, you have a damn lot to be thankful for, and you must not jeopardise the good things by allowing the bad to continue kicking you up the ass.”
“Fine,” Steve sighs and drops his focus to study the very intriguing sight of his left fingernails. “The fake threat has shaken Tony as much as the shooting did because now he’s in constant fear that I’m gonna get hurt again. People hate him, boys, like really loathe him and he doesn’t trust anyone not to try and kill me.”
“That’s good to hear.” He announces and Steve glares at his mocking tone. Dr Beech sighs and puts her signature at the bottom of a piece of paper with a flourish of twirling lines before looking at her handiwork with pride.
“She’s shaken and has a few cuts and bruises, but otherwise she was okay when I left her. Bruce and I took her back to Bruce’s to clean her up. We had Peter as well but then his aunt picked him up to take him to their local clinic so Nat got some sleep.”
The induced coma had taken all of the tension out of Steve’s body, and for the first time in ten years, he looked relaxed. Tony hates this with his entire being.
Heartbreakingly sluggishly, Steve lifts his shaking head to look directly into Tony’s eyes. They look broken; destroyed with pain and tears. His eyes- his husband’s beautiful eyes- weren’t blue anymore but instead a pathetic grey that were metal dull.
“In one gesture, Barnes, I need you to point where Steve is.” Tony garbles quickly and disappears through some glass doors when Bucky wordlessly points to his left, still clearly in shock.
“Make me, baby.”
“Have you had these nightmares before?”
Sam pipes up with a cough and a frown. “Why are you lying now then?”
“Don’t.” Tony whispers quietly and bites his lip hard enough to draw blood.
“It’s Happy,” she had whispered hoarsely to drag a finger down Tony’s jaw. The mere mention of one of Tony’s oldest friends caused his heart to go into overdrive. “Tony he, he-”
“The kid? Yeah, I’m with him now. The medics want to take him to hospital to check him over but he’s being as stubborn as you which isn’t surprising. Bruce is with Nat, she’s okay.”
Steve raises his eyebrows at Tony’s pathetic scramble for the right word to describe a woman he’s never met who’s fucking his ex-boyfriend.
The beginnings of a smirk ghost over Steve’s lips but it’s quickly replaced by a frown.
“He’s alive.” Rhodey reminds him and a pang of guilt rips through Tony’s abdomen.
“You don’t have an allowance.” Steve chuckles pointedly and gestures to the door rigidly. “Fuck off, please, and go and do something useful.”
“How can I move on, when I sleep in our bed and do the job that we used to do together every day?”
“I could ask you the same thing.”
He drifts for a few more hours and obediently drinks the coffee that Pepper thrusts at his face about three hours in. He comes round to somebody gently tapping his shoulder and he leaps up from his position reclined against the Pepper- the woman fast asleep. Steve.
The headline across The Washington Post branded huge, capital letters into Tony’s eyes. Each word was an ugly reminder of Tony’s loss of temper, of hating Steve Rogers, of losing Happy.
“You’re beautiful. Fuck, Tony… sweetheart, you’re the most exquisite person I’ve ever met. You’re an asshole seventy percent of the time, yes, and my god does Pepper deserve a pay rise but Tony- I love you.”
“I didn’t even know you went to therapy.” Steve mutters and Bucky snorts loudly.
“Are you gonna tell me what’s going on here or-…” Steve wonders aloud to Bucky’s back before he’s turning round again with a sigh and handing Steve the paper.
“Our wedding night would’ve been a bit different if you’d had that.” Tony taps the straps on the pelvis brace securing Steve’s right leg into position.
A loud car horn reverberates through the house and Tony pulls back with a frustrated groan. He gives Steve another apology kiss goodbye and races out the door to jump in the sleek Audi; Nat sat in the back and already frantically composing messages on her phone.
“He’ll be okay.” She nods but Tony doesn’t believe her any more than the paramedic. “I’ll drive you, we’ll follow the ambulance.”
“Yes?”
“Avengers Tower: the HQ of President Stark’s political party in downtown New York was attacked this afternoon by five masked gunmen.” The reporter tells them seriously, images of the shattered glass and huddles of emergency services playing behind her. “The only casualty presently seems to be President Stark’s husband, the politician Steve Rogers, who was apparently shot, according to witnesses. An Avengers source has informed us that Mr Rogers is receiving urgent medical treatment, and the President is reportedly at his bedside. All five intruders have reportedly been arrested. Sophia Powell has more information from the CIA for us- Sophia-”
She nods in understanding and shows them through some more double doors; the kind receptionist giving them an encouraging smile as they go.
Tony’s nostrils flare but Steve stands his ground. “I’m done with this conversation. Go to LA.”
Pepper coughs wetly like she’s trying to cover a sob. She does a bloody good job of it too, because Morgan just beams and goes back to her sheet.
Steve’s tongue flicks out to wet the seam of his lower lip and oh Christ, he had a horny and slightly high-off-Vicodin muscly man on his hands. He couldn’t really complain. His husband was alive, and there had been many moments when Tony had to imagine burying the love of his life.
“Why aren’t you at the airport?” Tony can’t help but complain and Nat shrinks down in the chair, her eyes flicking between the two alpha males in quick succession. Steve narrows his eyebrows and crosses his arms in agitation.
“You deserve the Presidency, honestly. You were the better candidate at the end and I screwed up so…”
I’m happy now that I’m not with you, is what Tony hears, even though its clearly not what Steve meant.
The receptionist’s phone rings shrilly, slicing open the silence and she widens her eyes at them both sheepishly.
“He says he’s watching me die all over again,” Steve nods grimly and Bucky runs a hand over his face. “It takes me hours to convince him that I’m alright.”
Her waterproof boots are neon green with pink flamingos trimming the toe and heel. They’re bright and obnoxious and so typically Tony and Steve adores them. He tells the girl exactly that and she turns to her Mom with wide eyes gleaming with pride. Pepper pushes a hand through her tousled hair and tells her
“How many times did you throw things at the TV?”
“Pepper?”
“You,” Clint says a few weeks later and throws some files down on the desk Steve’s falling asleep at with a grimace. “Look like shit.”
Pepper sniffs loudly and shudders behind him so he pulls her round to wind an arm around her waist. She places a gentle hand on Steve’s thigh as they survey the damage one idiot with a gun could do.
“You said he was flying to LA to give you both some space, right?” Nat mediates from her position reclined in Tony’s chair. Tony nods and she continues with a sigh. “Well that’s a good thing. You did say you needed to sort yourselves out before dealing with the marriage, so maybe this break is exactly what you need?”
There’s a hand sliding into his and as he looks up in surprise, Steve’s smiling with glassy eyes that make his heart clench. Steve glides his thumb in soft circles over his wrist bones.
Tony remembers the panic alarm attached to his phone after he’s pulled Peter down next to them to escape more bullets as Nat karate kicks one of the intruders in the balls (“hope you feel that in your throat, fucker!”) so buries his face in Steve’s chest whilst his husband grabs a folder to beat them off with and unlocks his phone to send an alert to the building’s security.
“It’s not yours either.”
Three days later- three fucking days, Pep- after Tony had fussed around Steve like Dr Beech and her stethoscope of icy death (“Steve, stop exaggerating, it wasn’t that bad!”) Steve had finally snapped and called Pepper in a huff to get Tony out the house.
Morgan stares up at him, entirely too trusting and too sceptical all at once. Tony radiates through her and Steve has to swallow heavily.
Steve shrugs, and oh god Tony’s chest
Steve doesn’t know whether to laugh or cry. “Thank you.” He settles, and shakes his head to himself. “It’s not enough, but thank you. For understanding, for letting it happen for- I- I didn’t- didn’t- um…”
Sam groans and throws his hands in the air.
Pepper squeezes her eyes shut as a sob vibrates through her skin. It killed her, to see Tony so broken. She smooths a hand down the back of his neck and pulls back to gaze deeply into his eyes.
“She’s a shrink?” Steve spits.
“Tony!” Pepper’s running towards him, dried blood around her temple and a shock blanket covering her shoulders. She shrugs it off and grabs onto his trembling hand.
There’s a fast rhythm of
“Please excuse me but I have some more people to converse with.” He winks at Rogers and Barnes and moves to walk away when Rogers shouts over his shoulder:
“All fine, baby. They were here earlier. You’ve had so many people send you cards, it’s like your 30th all over again.”
“Only four. You’re three down from the last solo speech you did.”
for the first time in nearly fourteen days. His lungs scream at being forced wide open as he inhales as much clean, content air as he possibly can.
Satan attempts an encouraging smile at Tony: well done, I’m proud of you, we did it…
Tony gasps and smacks his hand to his heart in mock offence. She had a point, after all. “Touché.”
“We thought we’d walk to the lake, if that’s okay with you?” Pepper says quietly, her voice breaking on every other vowel. There isn’t a single sign of exhaustion etching her features and Steve envies her wholeheartedly. Sleep was fleeting, nowadays. His bed was huge and cold. It wasn’t empty because he was in it, but every night it felt like a continent and Steve was drifting through the ocean like Titanic all alone.
“Mr Rogers,” he smiles politely and holds his hand out, which the other man shakes with quiet confusion. “Tony Stark, leader of The Avengers.”
“Tony,” Steve uses his grasp on the marble to shift his body weight round with a focused grimace to give his restless husband a pointed look. “Please, for the love of god, go to work.”
Tony told Fallon exactly what he thought about Rogers. Needless to say, the excited tinge to her demeanour when she hung up should’ve warned him really.
“Well, I certainly wasn’t expecting this when I woke up yesterday morning.” Tony chuckles easily from the beautiful marble lectern and the whole room laughs good-naturedly with him. Tension floods through his veins but he has to pretend- he must pretend- that his first Presidency speech is only being made to the 500 or so people sat before him, and not beamed around the globe from the countless cameras pointing their empty black mouths directly at his face. His eyes scan back down to Nat’s carefully constructed speech and with a deep breath, he continues.
Pepper locks the door behind her with a jolt and gives Morgan the go-ahead to set off. She throws herself off of the porch and disappears past her outdoor tent, still erected with Tony’s spirit laughing carefree on that miniscule plastic chair, and down into the dense trees. The adults watch her go silently and Steve’s lips quirk up into a small smile.
“How are you doing? Okay?”
Matilda raises her eyebrows slightly in support and Tony drops his hands to his knees with a loud huff.
“It’s okay. I didn’t want you to hurt yourself.” Steve replies, his voice getting lost in the shadows until it sounds faraway and shaky. “I’ll always protect you.”
So, this is it. After many months, many (many) hours of writing and re-writing snippets, this little bundle of joy is finished. When I first started this, I never thought that it would reach the length that it has, nor did I think it would inspire/excite/make cry this amount of people. You're all amazing and I'm so grateful for the support.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’d like to take this moment to thank my brilliant party from the bottom of my heart, and especially my world-class team at the Avengers Tower. This would not have been possible without you.”
“I know,” Steve’s voice is gravelly from the little sleep he’s getting at night so he clears his throat to try and resolve how tight it is. “This is what heartbreak looks like.”
“Generally?”
The seconds trickle by like water: impatient, swift and impossible to catch. Matilda bites at her lip as a wave of emotion cascades through her lungs, but she realises how important her guard is and inhales it deep into her nerves. Something that Tony had mentioned pops into her head and it makes her smile slightly.
Luckily, nobody here seemed to be recognising him. Well, nobody was trying to make conversation if they did identify him which was a bit of a blessing. The country way, he mulled over and continued to weave through the lazy crowds whilst peering over people’s shoulders at the fresh produce, seemed to be minding your own business and not doing a double take when Iron Man crashed your fresh fruit stall. Small mercies, hey.
Bucky purses his lips and drops down into a chair next to Sam, where the smaller man is rubbing the red marks stamped across his neck and muttering complaints to himself.
“Oh god,” Tony groans and grabs some coffee from the side. “Let’s get this over with.”
Tony Stark’s Mom had helped him to realise that Steve had his heart. Now, as she surveyed the two grown men finding starved solace in each other after worlds of undeserved pain, a gentle realisation settled in the room which lifted the atmosphere from black to gold. She at long last saw the future, and knew that Tony Stark was finally going to be okay.
Pepper follows his line of sight and tries to suppress her laughter.
“Tony?” Nat calls after him when he’s taken two steps- he drags his torso round to face her and tries to hide how his throat is closing up. She grins and salutes him with a gloved hand. “Congratulations, Mr President.”
Matilda nods in agreements, her hair bouncing around her jaw. “We can both do our best to help you cope with the nightmares, but we will not stand back and watch them ravage you because you assume that they should just happen.”
“Tony will never agree to this.” He grumbles but pockets the note anyway which makes Bucky smile.
Matilda’s eyes flit between them as Tony sighs and leans his head back to stare at the ceiling.
“Um, Tony?”
“You have an abusive father; you get trauma-induced nightmares.”
His voice drips down Tony’s shivering muscles like honey and soothes his aching lungs for a moment. Then, Vision’s horrified features swim into his vision and he pulls back to blink rapidly at his husband, greedily drinking in the sight of Steve awake and breathing.
Steve groans and slips his eyes closed for a second. “I know, I just- oh god, I know. Clint, and Sam, and Nat… I was in a bad place when I left, so picking up the phone to ring back scared the shit outta me if I’m being honest.”
“As you wish.” Tony whispers and knocks their foreheads together in a breathy exhale. Steve nods happily, his face spreading into the widest smile Tony had seen in weeks. “Love you, baby.”
, Tony grins.
“Tony,” Matilda leans forward over her knees and places a solid hand on his shuddering thigh- present and comforting and promising. “Why did you agree to this session?”
The aggravated dragon sitting on Tony’s chest stops blowing flames and dissipates into a resigned ache of fatigue. He appreciates Matilda’s thought-process and starts to mentally thank Bucky for recommending the therapist- even if he did have cartons of milk older than her.
Tony falters and re-reads the sentence to himself again just to make sure the words swimming on the page were actually the ones he needed to say.
Steve’s eyes widen in shock, his whole expression dropping into one of utter disappointment. Detachment shines in the baby blues as his pupils study Tony with increasing concern. Tony remembers when those eyes stared at him with joy, pride and love. Guilt clenches his heart like a whipping. It hurts just as much as the punch Steve had given him when they’d broken up.
“See!”
“Mr Stark,” Rogers replies with a deep, soothing voice that melts down Tony’s spine like honey. Tony steels himself and pushes down his hot flushes aggressively. “It’s good to see you. How are you enjoying this evening?”
“What?” Tony yells and jumps in the air to face Pepper, nearly taking out a passer-by on the way. He tries to subtly point at the man and fails. Pepper winces and yanks his arm back down to his side. “That’s Rogers? The biggest political pain in my ass ever?”
Steve nods jaggedly and gently puts Tony’s shaking hands back down to his sides with his fingers still circled loosely around his wrists. “Of course I’m okay, gorgeous. Fuck, Tony sweetheart, I’m alive and so are you and everyone’s fine.” A whine escapes Steve’s throat as he shifts down onto his good leg, his fingers twitching to pull Tony to him. In the days of successive nightmares- nightmares that haunted Tony’s sleep for weeks, nightmares that he solely blamed on his bastard father’s ghost- Steve could just let Tony tumble into his lap and hold him for as long as it took for the monsters to go away.
“One of my interns, Natasha, started her job today. She spent the first hour being yelled at by horrible journalists because she didn’t know how to answer the invasive questions that they were asking her. She was sobbing by the second hour, Tony.”
“We’ve both lost somebody we love.” She whispers into the lights. Steve can feel his eyebrows knitting together in confusion.
He settles for lying through his teeth.
“You are not giving up your dream because one singular asshole put some metal in my chest.”
Pepper struggles with the remote to switch the TV off and the picture disappears immediately with a click. Tony just stares at the screen with increasing relief and horror.
Bruce flicks his eyes between the young woman and Tony, completely ignoring the pitying look in Steve’s eyes, and bows out of the room with a pained grin. The door slams behind him and the three bodies hear his muffled curse after the loud noise.
“Yes,” Steve growls and pushes through the small gap between Tony and the door frame to slam the door behind himself. “You fucking can.”
“Please watch yourself.”
Steve can only blink at the other man in disbelief. “Jumping to my defence is what I pay you for, Barnes.”
Rogers clenches his jaw with increased pressure. Jackpot.
“What, this now, or the last two and a half years?”
Steve deposits their many empty glasses on a passing tray with a snort and jabs Bucky in the back to get him moving. They float past the lifeless corpses of New York’s highest society with matching shit-eating grins. He catches a glimpse of Stark chatting to a pretty redhead as they leave and sends him a mock salute, to which Stark just clenches his jaw at and promptly ignores him.
It’s a fair point and Steve’s features quirk up into a fond smirk. The red rings etched around his eyes sort of dampen his ethereal beauty, but Tony doesn’t mind. His husband doesn’t hate him. They have a chance at be okay.
“No,” Steve berates and slides his warm hands into Tony’s hair. “This isn’t like last time. I won’t let it. You’re exhausted from looking after me, you’re exhausted because you’re the fucking President, you’re exhausted because that false security breach has plagued your mind ever since it happened and you’re exhausted because you love me.”
“Will do, buddy.” Steve replies with a nod, even though his friend can’t see him. It’s a sub-conscious reaction now, to nod and shake his head to himself when he’s on the phone. Bucky told him it’s because he isn’t using his words properly to express himself so he’s back to relying on visible gestures. Buck’s completely right, and that hurts like a motherfucker.
“I’m so sorry.” He mutters, not knowing what else to say.
“Because while that is something I do not condone-”
Tony’s mouth deceives him and lets a small whimper of terror escape; he sounds a bit like a dying parrot.
“Tony-”
“You don’t say.”
“I don’t have the energy…” He admits with a strained laugh and shoves his hands into his suit pockets to clench and unclench his fingers in the fabric. Vision chuckles from where he’s holding the car door open but his fingertips are gripping onto the metal too tightly.
Pepper lost Tony. He didn’t lose Tony; Tony wasn’t his to lose. This woman lost her husband, the love of her life, and she was pitying Steve like he was the widow destined for a life of pain.
Steve’s lips move slowly under the oxygen mask so Tony helps him pull it temporarily over his chin.
“Of course it does. You have a country to run, sweetheart-”
“We transferred him straight to the ICU. It was thought best to place him in an induced coma for the next few hours, just to see how he copes with breathing on his own at this present time. He is alive, however, I cannot stress to you the importance of the next twenty-four hours and how critical he is right now.”
“I don’t care,” Tony shakes his head quickly. “He’s my husband; I have to see for myself that he’s alive.”
“He’s on crutches,” the words somersault out of Tony’s mouth in a verbal vomit as the car speeds along the highways and Vision makes call after call to his entire team. “If someone’s got to him, he can’t defend himself he- fucking hell!” A scream tears its way through his chest as his whole body shudders against the leather, Nat placing a steady hand on his shoulder to stop the vibrations racking through his bones.
“Really?”
“You’re an animal.” He breathes into Tony’s neck; Tony laughing in surprise at the fondness dripping through his voice. Out of nowhere, Tony clenches his thigh muscles around the jutting bones of Steve’s hips in warning, their crotches pressing together heatedly.
“Just like you said to me in hospital: you have nothing to apologise for,” he states quietly and shifts his hand down to cup over Tony’s ear. “None of this is your fault.”
“Are you crazy?” Peter shrieks incredulously and waves his hand around above his head to signify the utter chaos that was occurring above them. “You don’t think people would’ve already noticed this?!”
“Rhodes, stop. I’m okay pal, so is Steve.” He finds himself soothing the other man, rubbing a hand up and down Rhodey’s back to quell the vicious shivers racking his frame. Rhodey sighs extremely heavily into Tony’s shoulder and Tony slips his eyes closed for two of Steve heartbeats.
This causes the back-breaking weight of remorse sitting in Tony’s stomach to somersault like a trapeze artist. He remembers those clashes with Steve- the bad ones at the end in particular- how similar the hatred he used to feel towards his ex-boyfriend was to dying.
“Go!”
“With a huge dick.” Tony finishes helpfully and manages to swiftly avoid Pepper’s palm making contact with his shoulder.
A restless silence falls on them both but Tony’s never felt so tired in his entire life.
Steve regards him for a moment; his big, blue eyes shining with unshed sympathy. “I know.”
Steve’s eyelids flutter closed in pain at Tony’s words.
Bucky whistles in sympathy and gently prods Steve’s foot with his big toe.
“If I’d just gone to LA-”
Her vigorous body language as she made her speech brings a grudging smile to balance on Tony’s lips. He lets his eyes slide from Matilda to his husband and finally- finally, goddamnit- allows himself to breathe.
On the other side of the state, Pepper was attempting a very similar conversation.
“Doesn’t surprise me.” Nat fires back and eventually puts her phone down to smile at her boss gently. They ride in silence for a couple more hours; broken occasionally by Vision commentating on the winter hue clouding the landscape stretching out from the roads. Snow threatens the air outside and ices up the windows in tiny lattices of white but there’s another kind of tension clenching the air that has Tony’s legs tapping the seat in steady rhythm. He could sense Nat watching him with a worried expression but he knows she was anxious for no good reason, after all: didn’t everyone get nervous for important meetings with people who could bleed you dry within hours? The issue was that Tony didn’t normally get apprehensive about meeting with the investors, in fact, they just pissed him off. Maybe it was the Presidency that was making everything scarier than normal?
“I have been,” Steve replies carefully and pulls his shirt further down his abdomen. “But we decided to have a small vacation.”
“You?...”
The following morning sees Tony dejectedly leave for a meeting he was unable to get out of with Nat firstly running to the door and embracing Steve tightly. She tells him how glad she is that a nutcase with a machete didn’t manage to break in and crack open his skull like an eggshell which unsurprisingly doesn’t make Steve feel much better.
Tony bursts through the doors, and screeches to a halt at the panicked, baby blue eyes with flecks of beautiful forest green that dart up from the desk.
“I said, don’t.” Tony hisses and Steve’s eyes widen. He feels exhausted from crying, exhausted from not sleeping, exhausted from worrying about a life without Steve. It wasn’t his fault.
Unexpectedly, the eerie silence caging the house when the car finally screeches to a halt was worse than if every siren was going off and thirty riot vans were parked on his impeccably trimmed grass. Apprehension clawed up into Tony’s throat, scratching hot blood from his glands, as he catapults through the door in a tumble of flying limbs.
“Red line, red fucking line!” Tony screeches to himself and looks around wildly at the multiple corridors tunnelling off from the double doors. Pepper spots it first and runs towards the corridor, helpfully marked with ‘Resus’; her heels clacking splittingly on the tiled floors.
“Hi, um, I’m looking for my husband Steve Rogers?” Tony asks her. Recognition passes through her eyes but she suppresses it professionally to check her paperwork.
be a good idea?
Tony swallows and twists his fingers in his shirt. “I was so fucking scared.”
Dust crackles under his shoes as he stands politely on the front porch and rings the doorbell. Nobody answers.
Some people cheer, most clap and a handful stare back at him in stony silence.
“I love you.”
“You’re alive.” Is all Tony can grit out; the vice crushing his chest ramming into his arteries like bullets.
Bruce hovers around the therapist’s shoulder tentatively and Tony has to physically clench his muscles to stop himself from actually kicking his friend out.
He hates the fucking words as soon as they leave his dumb mouth.
The tremor through his voice was pathetic. He should be celebrating, he should be elated, it’s everything he ever dreamed of, he… he-
“Go and shamelessly flirt with your supporters.” He sighs and reads Tony’s mind in one fell swoop. “Just be thankful I’m not there to be jealous.” It’s a line that old Steve would say, not the confusing robot he was currently married to.
“I know you do, darling. But it’s not me you need to be telling that, it’s him.”
Tony growls in irritation and tightens his grip on Steve’s hand. His husband watches him with dark eyes.
Tony laughs in spite of himself, the timbre sound echoing flat and bitter.
“Fuck, I forgot about the kid!” Tony curses and Rhodey’s gaze softens. “Was he alright?”
Tony swallows so heavily, he was fairly sure his organs were trying to crawl up his throat. “It was so real- I… I watched you die, again. Again, Steve, it’s happening again.”
“Because I want to get better-”
Never in Tony’s life had he felt so conflicted. Never, in one moment of terrifying confusion dating back to his childhood, had his head been so heavy with tension. Just like his statement had said after the attack: he was taking time to heal his family. The country didn’t understand, after all, what was an army without a leader? How could they grow without anyone at the helm? Frankly, Tony didn’t give two shits. The attack had made him realise that he was already spiralling and he desperately needed to be saved.
“But the sirens?”
Tony begins to seethe and his hands curl into fists.
“I wanna believe that.”
Surprised, Tony can only blink quickly and chuckle. Was he joking?
“Just collecting some supplies-”
Iron Man and Captain America in a committed relationship was never going to have worked out. Everybody told them, warned them even. Pepper even gave them an ultimatum: they could have their roles within The Avengers, or they could have each other. On paper, it was simple. In reality, it was crippling anxiety on missions, it was disagreements on tactics and it was long, drawn-out nights of screaming and hurting.
Pepper shakes her head and tucks her hair behind her ears to grab her oldest confidant by the shoulders. “Honey, you’d just be in the way. He knows you’ll be right by his side when you can, okay?”
Tony crinkles his nose in confusion. “We?”
Suddenly, the door swings open behind him and Rhodey’s standing there, flushed and breathing heavily. Tony opens his mouth to greet him before he’s got an armful of his best friend with Rhodey pressing his cold nose into the fragile skin at Tony’s neck.
“Wow. You really are a rainbow of unexpected diversity, aren’t you?”
“They’ve rushed him straight to theatre. You two should wait here, and somebody will come and find you when he’s out?” She tells him gently and Pepper drops into a seat to ease her heels off.
“Please, sir, let them do their job. He has a good chance of survival if they can get him to hospital now, but you’re gonna have to let them help him for that to happen.” The paramedic soothes and fucking hell, he was strong. Tony just flails in his muscly arms, still sobbing as the medics fit an oxygen mask over Steve’s face and jam tubes into his arm. The dressings padded around his torso begin to bleed dark red as they move him onto a stretcher and carry him from the room; the kind paramedic letting Tony go from his hold to follow.
“It’s a lady never tells,” Pepper blushes as a very handsome man turns his creepy sights towards her. “And you’re the biggest slag I know.”
His two closest friends stare in weird synchronisation at him as he opens his mouth to retaliate in defence. Bucky tilts his head at Steve as his frown deepens with every passing second of Steve’s hesitation until he realises that there’s no use keeping anything from either of them.
Pepper pulls him down onto a rock pile and they make themselves comfortable. Morgan pulls out a piece of notepad paper complete with yellow butterfly borders from her coat pocket and stands facing them. Even though she was only four, the small girl oozed confidence. Defiance shined in her eyes and Steve couldn’t help but feel like he was looking straight at Tony.
“Sorry I shouted at you.” Steve apologises, his fingers gently ghosting up and down Tony’s ribs.
Steve exhales deeply to keep his emotions in check and shakes his head protectively.
“In case I’ve deeply offended you- which, I’m very sorry for- I don’t think you’re a whore. There’s nothing wrong with your body count and I shouldn’t have used it against you.” Steve says, too softly for Tony’s hay-wired brain to really process. Instead, he watches Steve grapple with his jeans until he’s fully dressed. He quickly throws some red sunglasses over his eyes to hide the bitter self-loathing that tortures them.
Clint scoffs. “You deserve someone who loves you back, man.”
“That hurts so much, Steve.” He grinds out and drops his hands to his sides in defeat. “I love- I
Tony scoffs and salutes hello at Vision when he waves from the front passenger seat, aviator sunglasses perched on the top of his head and an apple core in his hand.
“Mr Stark.” The surgeon holds her hand out warmly; the exhaustion lines etched around her eyes taking the life out of them. “I am Dr Beech, I presided over Mr Rogers’ surgery.”
It’s all quiet for another week before Rogers calls Tony a “useless product of weaponry indoctrination”. Tony’s never been so angry in his life. He goes to The Associates building to scream at Rogers, but ends up slamming him up against a wall to kiss him senseless.
What, in the actual fucking heavens of all that is holy, can he say to that? Steve’s ribs clench with panic as he goes to defend himself- goes to defend him and Tony- but Pepper’s already looked away like she’s said her peace. Did she expect him to deny it? How could he? He’d seen Pepper lose everything that day and had watched as she’d sobbed for her husband. He’d stood there, blankly, as she had the love of her life snatched away from her. But then again, so had Steve.
“You flatter me, Clint.”
Bile rises in Tony’s throat but he swallows it down with only a small wince at the burning that scratches down his flesh.
“The shooting wasn’t your fault, sweetheart.” The brace caging Steve’s hip and upper leg whirs sickeningly when he flexes the bone. “But it wasn’t the Presidency’s fault either. You can’t blame what happened on your occupation, because then those sick bastards have won.”
“Oh no, Pep, me and Natasha, we were never-”
Neither of the two broken souls knew what to say. Steve didn’t want to start the same argument again, not when it was an argument that they’d had too many times before. Tony was impossibly drowning in his own feelings and wasn’t exactly sure there was anybody he could trust to pull him back up.
“It’s so nice to finally meet you!”
“May I ask how your rehabilitation is going, Mr Rogers?”
Pepper’s phone vibrates and she checks it with a frown; her features melting when she reads the text message. “It’s Rhodey- he’s just pulling up the hospital. I’ll go and get him and then I’ll ring Vision and get the whole security team over here.”
Howard’s nasty grimace fades into his head and he swallows tightly.
Steve laughs a bit at this, and sniffs heavily. “Our marriage-”
“…was the burglar alarm, which went off by accident. The alarms are monitored, you know that, and I was contacted to say that one of the wires had tripped in the security system and to not worry about it. There wasn’t a security breach and I was- I am- absolutely fine.” Steve tells him slowly and carefully; being cautious to keep his tone as gentle as possible as to not spook his fragile lover. Tony just slides his eyes shut in utter relief.
Steve physically blanches. “What? No, you don’t!”
“Pep, my darling,” he groans and presses his palms over his face to block out the jarring light. “Please, don’t. I know, okay? I know how this looks.”
“You’re… oh my god- I… congratulations!”
“Take me home then, slave.”
“Because I love him.” Tony demands with all the certainty he could muster. Then, when he turns to face Steve with red-rimmed eyes: “I love him.”
“Fucking hell Tony, oh my god that son of a- I thought he was flying to LA?” He yells. Tony sniffs into his fist.
“Surely you know who that is?”
Tony stands, lost, in the middle of the farmer’s market with a basket in one hand and an empty shopping list in the other. Jesus Christ, he should’ve just asked Jarvis to do an online food order for him whilst he relaxed in his sweatpants and watched Grease. Not, standing in the country bumpkin part of upstate surrounded by people with missing teeth and straw hats.
Steve sighs and contemplates whether he should save his best friend from the angry wrath of his used-to-train-with-the-military boydyguard. Decision made, he shrugs fondly and watches as Bucky puts Sam into a headlock.
A groan. “Oh, fine. We first met and I was a cocky little shit…”
Matilda- their alarmingly young therapist- can only sit there with a stunned expression as Tony leans back in his chair.
“Right,” Matilda sighs and shuffles forwards so she’s sat on the edge of her chair. “Tony, I don’t blame you for being tense about the security breach. After what you’ve both been through, it’s to be expected. We need to make sure that going forward, you’ve both got ways to cope with the stress that’s undoubtedly been forced on you and then we’ll try and do something to help those nightmares. Is that okay for the both of you?”
“Two.” Bucky complains and cracks his neck with a pleased groan. “It was beyond boring, Thor Odinson has really lost his edge. The only thing that made it a little more bearable was Tony Stark going full arrogant-asshole on Steve’s sorry ass.”
Suddenly, Pepper appears from deep inside the swell of the sprawling house and opens the door. She fixes Steve with a friendly smile that borders on pity. Steve suppresses the urge to run.
There’s the sickening vibration of a bullet hitting skin, Steve’s mouth opening into a perfect hole of excruciation, and then nothing.
“Nice speech.” Steve tells him as soon as he’s accepted the call and Tony snorts loudly into the phone. Members of his party filter past the hallway as a shortcut to the main arena from the smoking areas and suddenly Tony’s itching to have a glass of something strong in his hand.
“I would’ve carried on with my day still thinking that you could be dead.” Tony counteracts carefully, not wanting any apprehensive emotion to bleed into his voice. “At least I know you’re alive. And, that you’re ha-happy.”
“I’ve got Sam on speed dial and Buck’s gonna come in at lunch to make sure I’m still alive. It’s all in hand, Mr President.”
“You?”
“But you didn’t.” A singular tear rolls down Steve’s cheekbone. He lets it drop off the edge of his jaw and it pools at his neck. “You didn’t, you still have me.”
On it is the name ‘Matilda’ scrawled haphazardly in marker pen and a phone number underneath it.
“No!” Tony almost shouts, his body language bordering on hysterical. He shifts closer to Steve’s knees and lifts their conjoined hands to press his lips against the fragile skin on Steve’s inner wrist. “Listen to me, for once. Nothing- not one goddamn thing- is more important than you.”
Tony openly voices his annoyance this time with a loud moan of indignation.
It seemed that they were even more difficult to cope with after he’d won the Presidency and expected more of him- probing Nat over and over again for statistics that she and Pepper just didn’t have.
Bruce sighs over the speakers and it crackles like excruciating white noise. “Both. Pep, and the kid.”
Morgan regards him carefully for a few seconds before she nods seriously and starts playing with a loose thread erupting from his jeans. “Me too.”
Tony tries to ignore him and turns back to his enemy with a forced smile. “How has this year been for you?”
And that- that causes all of the heartache Steve had suppressed over the last fortnight to overflow and ignite his veins in fireworks. He slaps a hand to his mouth and breaks down into heaving, ugly sobs that rack his body pathetically. Morgan doesn’t blink. She just crawls into Steve’s space and arranges herself on his lap like this is normality. Her arms wind around Steve’s waist as far as they’ll go and she rests her head against his heart, feeling the erratic but gentle thumping under her skin. Steve throws away any control he’s got left and rests his chin atop the girl’s crown to sniffle into her hair. Pepper surveys all of this with her own tears erupting down her cheekbones but doesn’t touch either of them.
“I had to.”
“Funnily enough, not this time.”
With a pained whimper, Tony throws his head back and clenches his eyes shut. “Why does God hate me?”
The media never normally dared to ring Tony’s office- he paid people to deal with these sorts of phone calls. How this woman had managed to reach his office line was something he needed to take up with the team, and not politely.
They watch Steve for a little while longer and have a pleasant conversation with one of the nurses who comes to check his vitals; her eyes constantly diverting to Tony’s tear-tracked cheeks.
“We need to get you home as soon as possible.” The older man states very slowly; a deathly sheen of nausea white matted to his skin.
His husband pushes the laptop further down the marble and rises from the stool to pad slowly towards Tony, whose façade is about to implode. Steve’s jaw keeps visibly tightening and Tony knows what that means. He winds his strong arms around Tony’s waist and crosses them at the base of his back to rub two comforting hands up and down his spine. Tony wanted to push him away and remind him about everything they’d discussed but Steve was blinking really fast now and- oh god.
“Are you gonna come out with us?” Nat corners Tony in the stifling moonlight afterwards, the crisp winter air so harsh he was struggling to breathe. He forces himself to take a huge gulp of air, wincing at the iciness that stuck to his tongue and marred his lungs.
WritingYay x
Nat shoots him a worried look before they’re opening the doors to be swallowed up in the hungry sea of predators.
It doesn’t take them long to catch up with Morgan. She’s sat on a log prodding at a caterpillar when they come silently around the corner and jumps up brightly when she spots them. Pepper lifts her arm to allow the child to burrow into her warm side as they wander further down the embankment. The trees become more and more sparse as they emerge out onto the lakefront until Steve is drinking in the mottled blue when he tips his head up to breathe through the atmosphere.
“That,” Pepper announces in a sing-song voice and slaps him on the shoulder. “Is Steve Rogers.”
Tony freezes. “Have you seen-?”
“Nope, but I’d like to.” Tony runs his tongue against the seam of his lower lip. “Man, he’s fucking gorgeous.”
“You don’t need to tell me that,” Nat fires back and thanks Tony when he helps her shrug on her coat. “Vision’s just gone to tell the driver to pick us from the main entrance so we don’t have to stand freezing to death in the car lot.”
The hip brace caging Steve’s pelvis as well as the stitching branded into his torso glares at them mockingly.
Whilst talking, she manages to surround them both by attendees of the live speech; all wanting a chance to congratulate the new President.
“You better, Cap. I’m gonna need my husband by my side if I’m running this clusterfuck of a country.”
The two men stare at each other for a heartbeat before Steve’s saying very slowly: “What the fuck?”
Steve’s nose crinkles in confusion. “Did Nat write that?”
However, after a particularly explosive conference that left them both hurt and reeling for a few days before two passionate rounds of wall sex in Tony’s office, the ball of fondness and compassion in Tony’s chest was growing. His hurtful words against Steve began to lose their heat until it got to a point where he had to pretend how much he loathed the man. It was clear that Steve was finding it hard to keep their show rivalry fiery as well, judging by how soon he would call Tony with deep apologies after talking bollocks.
“You have no idea how scared I’ve been.” Tony admits into his husband’s warm- alive- skin and Steve stiffens and pulls back to hold him at arm’s length. Without Steve’s body pressed against his, Tony realises how much his body was shaking and he becomes painfully aware of how wild and terrified his eyes must look.
“What are you doing here, Steve?”
“You spent all that time hurting.” Steve whispers, clearly voicing his thoughts aloud. Tony hangs his head as tears prick violently behind his eyelids. “And you never let me help you.”
“Ah, and you babe. I would say I’ve heard so much about you but…”
Steve pales in a second. He inhales sharply at the way Tony’s shivering under his clothes and shakes his head. “I didn’t say that.”
“Thank you for letting me have him.” He states very slowly and nearly breaks when Pep’s eyes soften. “Even just for a little bit. It was enough. He was enough.”
“You ready?” He cuts him off with a forced smile and stands back slightly to hold his arms out at right angles. Steve snorts and twists his body to lift his legs off the bed and place them on the floor agonisingly slowly, his hands also outstretched. Tony rests his arms under the other man’s and clasps Steve’s elbows- engaging his core to help pull his husband up to his feet. Nails from Steve’s tense fingers dig crescent moons into the fragile skin at his inner elbows but Tony bites his tongue to stop himself from complaining. Once successfully up, Steve has to catch his breath so they stand there holding onto each other for a moment, slightly swaying. Tony’s hands slide down onto Steve’s hips and he squeezes the good one with a grin.
And fuck it all to hell, he’d only gone and forgotten to track down the bastard mushrooms.
Mirage-Steve dissolves into billions of tiny pieces that explode into his skin- drawing blood from Tony’s empty well of pain.
Pepper clears her throat.
“What are you doing, man?”
The couple shuffle to the adjacent room and make themselves comfortable opposite Matilda who gives them a beaming smile. Tony’s waiver, the NDA he had asked the therapist to sign, lay neatly on the floor.
“I’m sorry,” erupts from Tony’s mouth and he scrambles around in his brain to desperately find the words to continue when Steve does a double-take in fear. “The sirens- Vision said there was a security breach and I thought-”
“It doesn’t make any sense.” Peter voices obediently and Tony jabs his index finger at him enthusiastically.
Tony lets his eyes slip closed and holds his breath, waiting for the nightmare to slam back into his sub-conscious. It doesn’t, and all he can feel are Steve’s trembling fingers warm against his scalp.
when Steve finally plucks up the courage to make the laborious drive to see Pepper and Morgan.
“My beautiful, courageous warrior.” Steve mutters into Tony’s skin, the other man sliding his head onto Steve’s shoulder to twist his fingers into his hoodie. “I love you so fucking much.”
“Yeah, do you need it?”
“Oh, the muscleman here showed them that they were mistaken?”
“You don’t need that.” Steve says straight away, blunt and final.
The car pulls up outside the doors not a moment later and the duo rush out straight into the warmth of the vehicle. They tumble into the back laughing when the driver pulls away much more sharply than strictly necessary.
“Do you have your phone on you?” He asks quietly after a few minutes of silence and Pepper raises her eyebrows.
Fuck. They’d really screwed this up.
“Really? Who, Tony Stark? The son of the most hated man in weaponry? Gee, Steve, thanks for the enlightenment!”
Immediately, Steve’s eyes began to fill with tears.
“Oh?”
“I don’t mean Nat.” Pepper interjects calmly and sends him a look when he chokes on his exhalation. “You- he always- you know what I mean.”
Agonisingly, those captivating eyes become clearer until two pools of ocean blue are visible- drowsy and unfocused but alive.
“Will do.” The love of his life promises, even though Tony knows damn well he won’t. With one last glance at each other that has Tony physically clenching his ribs to stop himself from breaking down, Steve allows himself to get swallowed up by the crowd, leaving only the heady scent of fresh pine in his wake.
“Whatever, you can say what you want. I guess I deserve it.”
“This is not a moment for insult-slinging,” her voice is firm and authoritative but carries a gentle tone to it that makes Tony feel guilty and relaxed simultaneously. “The months around when you two first met sound hectic and full of contrasting emotion. I appreciate you sharing that time with me, Tony. I can only imagine how hard it must have been.”
“Through those doors, and then round to the right, follow the red line on the floor and it will take you to the resus reception. Ask there and they’ll be able to tell you if he’s in surgery yet.”
Tony’s phone rings exactly ten minutes after his first public speech as President had been made. He excuses himself swiftly from an obligatory conversation with Pepper and one of the more influential attendees (whose name he had forgotten in half a second) and manages to find an empty hallway to hide in.
Tony sends her a withering glare and watches Rogers slide his arm around a beautiful woman’s waist to gaze deeply into her eyes. He looks like something out of a cheesy romance movie and Tony fucking hates the swell of want that bubbles up in his abdomen.
“Great. So, how about you start from the beginning of this for me so I’ve got the full picture?”
“Give her a kiss from me.” Bruce tells him over hands-free as he speeds down the windy country roads.
“Tones… where are you?”
“I’m really proud of you.”
Tony inwardly laughs at her greeting, because did she know who he was? Was she aware that he was the guy Steve had been fucking three years prior to their break up? Did she know that Tony had hidden an engagement ring in his underwear drawer from the moment they got together to the moment Steve had run away? Fuck that, did she know that said engagement ring was still buried under his motherfucking Calvin Kleins?
he’s not prepared. He isn’t ready for this.
Convincing Tony to at least give Matilda a chance had been the hardest thing Steve had had to do in what felt like years. At first he was adamant that he didn’t need therapy, but then one particularly awful nightmare had nearly stopped his breathing as he thrashed about in the sheets and Steve was done. He was over watching his husband fight demons in his sleep every night and he was over watching a zombie version of Tony try and run the country every day.
He felt numb.
“Oh uh,” Rogers gestures to the hovering man with his elbow and Tony gives the stranger a professional smile. “This is my bodyguard, James Barnes, but we call him Bucky.”
Two and a half years. That’s how long it had been since they’d had their first physical fight and Steve had packed his bags and left. He’d left Captain America, he’d left the team and he’d left Tony.
Steve’s complexion was grey. Immediately, Tony’s mind sub-consciously constructs similarities with a corpse and the pressure already smothering his chest goes into overload.
“You were amazing!” Pepper greets him and kisses him on the cheek. He thanks her distractedly.
“Persephone Gelder.” One particularly memorable young woman introduces herself to Tony with a flourish of her fur coat and Tony just blinks at her blankly.
behind Pepper and she turns to the noise with raised eyebrows. Morgan comes barrelling around the corner like a small brunette bullet and very nearly collides with Steve’s legs. She stops at his feet and looks up at him through her lashes with a wide grin. Her neck has to crick almost all the way backwards for her to be able to properly engage with Steve, so he reverses down a few steps so they’re almost at matching eye-level.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Pepper snorts, like Steve’s flippant brush-off of a dynamic that fired his soul for the best part of his life is stupid. “I was the ‘other woman’, Steve. He loved me and Morgan, I know that. He was my husband, the father of my child, I know I was loved. But, you? He loved you in a different way. It was still fierce, and unrelenting, even when you drove each other to the brink many times- just… different.”
No, Tony reasons, as the car finally pulled up to a plush office complex in New Jersey… he was just being weird.
Steve casts a critical eye over him. “You wanna try that again?”
“Yeah,” he croaks after a short while. “I loved him.” Loved, not love. He wasn’t Pepper; he didn’t have the right to use the present tense anymore.
“He was drunk last night and stepped out into a road… a motorbike was nearby, and it was dark and- she just didn’t see him, and they couldn’t restart his heart-”
“Oh god, um… I don’t know! I’d marry Liz and I’d probably fuck Tyler because that man is smokin’… but then Taron can sing- oh this is shit and ridiculous. Buck, let me do you.”
He couldn’t wait for the next opportunity to rile Rogers up.
Nat doesn’t turn his way, but raises her eyebrows at Tony’s greeting of swift obscenities.
They stare at each other for a moment and a shared thought passes between them: who’s gonna break first?
“Fucking investors and their inconsiderate shitty meetings about bastard money-”
The TV blares to life with the news, and the Avengers Tower imposes the entire screen.
When he returns, Bucky’s got a post-it note in one hand and a pen clamped between his teeth. Steve sends Sam a concerned look as Bucky starts to scribble something down.
He’s just settled on making chicken tikka masala skewers when a hand settles on his shoulder. His muscles automatically tense under the intruder’s flexing fingers, but he doesn’t jump a mile and whirl around to the smack the person between the eyebrows. No, because- oh, why goddamnit was this his life? Here? Now?
“Can’t we just wait in the recovery rooms?”
“I was- I am scared that Steve’s gonna get hurt again because of me and my job,” he says very slowly, aware that Matilda’s nodding along with him and Steve’s starting to breathe quite deeply. “I can’t watch him die again. It broke me.”
“I wrote this for my Daddy.” She begins and points behind her at the lake. Steve doesn’t follow until- oh, oh fucking hell. She thought Tony was living in the lake, because that’s where they’d released his arc reactor at his funeral. “He’s not here anymore.” She clarifies to them, just in case they’d missed the last two weeks. Her tiny index finger prods at the thick air with severity. “Momma told me he’s gone to live with the angels, but I think he’s living in the magic lake with the mermaids.” Pepper nods in exaggeration from Steve’s side but he’s too dumbfounded to do anything. “He an’ the mermaids are just friends though, Momma, cos he told me he loves you to infinity!” A radiant smile blossoms over her features before it drops to reveal confusion. “I don’t know how much that is. I think it’s more than three thousand.”
It should be the other way round; Tony screams to himself, I should be protecting you.
Tony wriggles in his hold to release the nervous energy thrumming through his veins that leaves an empty exhaustion in its wake.
“I’m a star.”
Tony was painfully aware of how serious his best friend was being. He knew how much he was hurting his party.
“You okay?”
Tony flicks his eyes up to Pepper’s quivering features as she visibly sighs in relief at his alertness.
“You’re finally off then?” She jokes and moves round to Tony’s side to check that Steve’s dressings were still in place and that he hadn’t pulled any stitches when pulling that hoodie on with a slightly worried maternal expression.
Pepper thanks her and asks where Steve had been taken.
“It sort’a scared the shit out of us when we couldn’t get hold of you for over two years, asshole.”
Steve’s shackled to the wall.
sounds peaceful and rehearsed. Death was never peaceful; it was abrupt and deafening and messy.
All the tension in Pepper’s shoulders breezes out of her in one elongated sigh.
“I didn’t say anything!” Tony suddenly yells out of nowhere, the pent-up anger he’d been experiencing for weeks erupting from his façade in spurts of lava. Steve recoils as if Tony had kicked him.
For old times sake, let me know what you thought of this last bit- if that's not possible, smash it a Kudos as anything is appreciated.
He can see the young girl consider the possibility for a moment, before she concludes that Steve was worth saving with tiny flowers and reaches up to stick one behind his right ear. It tickles the sensitive skin at his cheekbone, but the broad smile he’s got plastered to his face is worth it.
Why, the actual fuck, did he think cooking for a God, a couple of assassins and Earth’s most dangerous supernaturally-enhanced weapons would
Alannah grins, showing off a set of sharp white teeth (a bit like a shark) and holds her hand out for Tony to shake.
“Yeah, I know.” He murmurs back and blinks back tears with a cough. “I can’t blame you for that. You moved on.”
In the end, he had asked Bruce to have a word with Tony. It didn’t take long for one of Tony’s oldest friends and his rudimentary psychiatrist to show him what an important opportunity he was passing up. That and a bit of blackmail, and Tony was ready to talk.
“This is bit different from our first dance.” Steve jokes hoarsely and Tony has to roll his eyes at the heated glint shining in his husband’s eyes.
Steve twists his expression into one attempting to represent confusion and laughs forcefully at Bucky.
Then, the heavens open, and floodlights scorch down on the building from around four helicopters as dozens of SWAT officers swarm the floor to pounce on the gunmen about five seconds too late. It takes Tony a heartbeat to realise that the splitting screaming he can still hear is coming from his mouth.
“Fuck.”
“But the Presidency-” Steve tries again but was swiftly cut off by the older man: heartbroken and lost.
In reality, the smile screams loss and pleads for help. It makes Tony close his eyes in desperation as the room begins to spin.
Tony suppresses the urge to turn around and tell him to go fuck himself. Instead, he pretends not to have heard the son of a bitch and lets the crowd swallow him up to deposit him back to Pepper.
“I’m sorry.” Tony croaks after a while and reaches out with his ring finger to gently run parallel with the angry mark down Steve’s neck. Steve catches the finger with his other hand and presses his lips to the pad of it fiercely.
Every nerve-ending in Tony’s body felt like it was on fire. Peter screams painfully somewhere close to Tony’s left ear, but his entire focus is on the plummeting dead weight of the man he loved more than himself, his whole pelvis area painted death red.
“Because talking about my emotions- my… feelings- got kicked out of me by Howard by the age of about seven. I didn’t trust anybody with my heart, Steve, not even Pepper for a long time afterwards. How could I say: yeah hi, I know you’ve just confessed your undying love to me, but compassion and care is something I’ve never been given so you sort of scared me half to fucking death when you broke down my walls.”
“Tony? What’s happening?”
you so much it physically hurt and you just left.”
Steve sighs into the wood and cracks his neck to flit his eyes upwards. He gets an upside-down frown from Clint that screams pity so closes them again in acceptance.
Matilda smiles, broad and pleased, as Steve leans forward to knock their foreheads together comfortingly.
“Tony,” Steve says, and winds an arm around the woman’s waist when they finally reach other. “This is Alannah, my fiancé.”
Morgan’s scrawny body radiates much-needed heat into his chest, allowing him to
“Oh, thank god for that!” Bucky’s demeanour does a one-eighty in less than a second as his eyes light up into a relieved grin. “I genuinely thought I was gonna have to have, ‘Here lies Bucky Barnes-Steve Rogers killed him with boredom’, on my gravestone.”
The next day, Rogers- no, Steve- copies one of Tony’s speeches word for word on a Fox interview. For his troubles, he gets a lapful of an angry and horny Tony to drive him over the edge.
Tony can only blink in horror. A journalist.
“Why are you still here?!” Tony barrels on and Nat shrinks away from the doorway as she tries to quietly sidle out of the office. “If you’re gonna go to LA, go! I don’t need you here!”
Tony laughs hollowly.
“Because talking about my emotions- my… feelings- got kicked out of me by Howard by the age of about seven. I didn’t trust anybody with my heart, Steve, not even Pepper for a long time afterwards. How could I say: yeah hi, I know you’ve just confessed your undying love to me, but compassion and care is something I’ve never been given so you sort of scared me half to fucking death when you broke down my walls.”
Nat dives for cover under Tony’s desk when one of the bastards fires his gun at her, narrowly missing her head and instead shattering an expensive painting mounted on the wall next to a filing cabinet full of alcohol and forgotten dinner invites. Steve- his hero complex still as big as his ego- tackles Tony to the ground behind some drawers as bullets squeal past their temples. There’s a scuffle as Pepper manages to grab a metal paperweight to chuck at one of the gunmen when he turns his back to point a gun at Peter, the object clanging off of his skull to send him crumbling into a pile of limbs on the floor.
“Not a soul.” Steve confirms with a soft nod and sighs heavily into Tony’s temple. “Bucky was here earlier to check that I was okay but he left after lunch- after that, nobody was here. I’m fine, Tony. Nobody got to me. I’m safe.”
“Well right now, my career takes priority.” Tony bites back and immediately regrets it, Steve’s expression shuttering off into one of offence.
“Don’t joke.” Tony can only whine with a frown as he pulls the material down extremely gently past Steve’s ribs to his waist. Steve’s expression immediately softens into one of guilt, his hand coming up to cup Tony’s jaw and slide his thumb over his soft lips.
The realisation that everyone he cared about most in the world was still breathing blankets Tony in a haze of numbness; he starts to feel shaky again.
How was he supposed to answer that question? Well, I was just given the devastating news that one of my oldest friends is now dead and we’re not even thirty but yes of course I can talk to you about my latest policy whilst my ex-girlfriend breaks down over a kettle…
“All of the alarms are going off at the house. It might be a security breach.”
“Fucking hell, here we go.” Steve mutters irately and drops his hand from Tony to run it through his hair.
“Okay, ‘Fuck, Marry, Kill’.” Bucky crows and slides onto the kitchen counter, his sock-clad feet bouncing off the cabinets in a steady rhythm. “Uh, Tyler Hoechlin, Taron Egerton and… Liz Gillies.”
“My legs are open twenty-four hours like 7-Eleven?” Steve roars, pushing Tony in the chest so that he stumbles backwards under Steve’s strength. It throws him off for a heartbeat before he’s squaring up to the taller man with gritted teeth. Ah yes, his interview that day had been an interesting one.
“You’re an idiot.” She tells Tony, who pinches the bridge of the nose to relieve pressure on his head. He swivels on his chair away from his desk to take in Pepper’s flagging posture.
Steve rolls his eyes but nevertheless leans forwards to graze a kiss against his husband’s full lips.
Then, Tony notices her. How could he not?
He nods and she leaves swiftly, closing the door behind her with a thump as she disappears past the glass. Steve’s heart monitor beeps monotonously but it’s the most comforting sound Tony has ever heard. Beeps mean his husband is alive.
Matilda hides her shock well, and instead settles for nodding slowly and flicking her eyes towards Steve.
Steve nods slowly but refuses to make eye contact. Instead, he clears his throat and watches the steady stream of people ambling by.
“I’ll miss this bed.” Steve murmurs as Tony’s helping him pull a hoodie over his stitching and many bandages. Tony does a visible double-take; a smirk forming over his lips.
Pepper had entered his office with her complexion void of any colour. Immediately, Tony was jumping out of his chair to pull the shuddering young woman into his arms.
Tony reaches down to cup his crotch sub-consciously with a wince. “They’re insured.”
She throws her hands up silently and he shakes his head with a snort. “You are one confusing woman, Romanoff.”
what she’s thinking, because that’s what her four-year-old brain has convinced her happened to her Daddy. “Do you like my wellies?”
The hospital sheets look stark white against the natural tan of Steve’s skin, even though he had clearly lost a lot of it to the month of rehabilitation he’d spent in hospital. Tony had made it imperatively clear that he would not have Steve home until the man was on no more than five different medications and could walk independently with his pelvis brace and two crutches. If Steve was so determined for Tony to go back to his job (y’know, the small responsibility of being President) then he was gonna be home alone for long periods of time and god forbid if the man didn’t have enough strength to keep himself alive after having a bullet smashed through his organs.
Bucky bites down the temptation to throw a euphemism at Sam and instead tilts his head to the side at Steve staring emptily out the window.
Afterwards, when Tony’s curled up on Steve’s chest as his enemy draws lazy patterns into his hips, Tony sighs heavily enough to dislodge his head from Steve’s tanned shoulder.
“Glad to hear it. I assume that’s why we are such worthy opponents?” He questions with a light tilt of his head that increases the puppy dog nature. However, with the dangerous glint in his eyes, he looks a bit more like a hyena. Tony shivers.
“You know we said about starting over, marriage wise?”
“I let Howard hurt you for too long after the bastard died,” Steve chokes out; a warm flush of frustrated red climbing up his neck as he cries out of sympathy and anger for the hell his husband had gone through. “No more. No more, Tony, I promise.”
Still complaining under his breath, Tony gathers up the last of his things and stomps up to Steve with a pout. He slides his hands round the amused man’s ribs in a feather-light touch as to not put any pressure on Steve’s scars and impressive Tate Modern display of bruises.
The trees are just beginning to turn, huge plumes of burnt orange and blood red. Green clings onto the vegetation like mould as a reminder of last season’s beauty. It’s something Steve wants to hang onto with both hands to force summer into the present. He yearns to strip the trees of the rust and replace them with vibrant shades of green and pink blossom. He yearns for the sweet smell of honey nectar and sun. Tony loved the sun; any excuse to whip out those godawful red sunglasses. That man always saw the world through rose-tinted glasses, even when Steve had broken his heart, when Nat died, when Thanos roared.
Recognition flashes in Rogers’ eyes before he too was falsely smiling and confidently gripping Tony’s hand. The woman standing with Rogers had disappeared but the beautiful brunette man hovering around Rogers’ shoulder stayed exactly where he was.
“I’m fine. Not a scratch.” He replies wearily but Steve’s shaking his head, his breaths shallow and unfocused.
“Daddy used to tell me stories. He tol’ me all about Iron Man, and Captain ‘Merica, and Hulk.” Her small arms bow into right angles as she shows off her muscles and Steve forces himself to chuckle. “I think that he is brave. He was really, really clever, even cleverer than Momma!”
“As much as I’ll miss the bullet that was wedged into my hipbone for an evening,” he replies with a sarcastic jaunty shake of his hand in a pirate movement. “I did ask Dr Beech to put it in a pot for me but apparently she couldn’t understand me through the anaesthetic…”
Something odd flickers through Tony’s gaze before he’s dropping his head to fixate on the floor. “Appreciated.”
“You can see him now, sir that should be fine. I have to warn you though; he won’t look like the Mr Rogers you know at the moment. There’s some bad swelling, and he’s under heavy sedation which means numerous machines.”
“Where did you think I was going all those times I mysteriously disappeared for a few hours?”
“I hear you, I hear you: private hit squad?”
The raucous knock at the door startles Tony from his sleepy stupor. He pauses the movie with a groan and drags his body to the front hallway.
Pepper’s eyes are glassy with unshed tears when she turns to face him again. “Steve.” That one word carried so much pity and sadness. She seemed physically pained to say it, but then it hurt Steve in a million ways to stare at her and little Morgan and comprehend what they had lost. “I was well aware when I got with Tony that I was sharing him with you.”
“Hi.” Steve’s voice mirrors Tony’s for hoarseness, and there are already signs of puffiness ringing his eyes. “Congratulations, Tony.”
“Is LA really a good idea?”
“At least one of us managed to escape the toxicity of life as an Avenger.” He half-jokes and tries to ignore that he’s started shaking.
Tony smiles fondly and leans back against his chair as Matilda gets comfortable again, Steve warm and alive at his side. “We met over twelve years ago, and Steve was a cocky little shit-”
“He’ll live.” She says absentmindedly and pockets her stethoscope to write something down on a form, Steve sending a wide-eyed glace at Tony who just crosses his arms with a smile.
Tony observes as Dr Beech throws some questions at Steve about if he was in pain (he wasn’t) and if he remembered what had happened (the haunted cloud over his eyes and his sharp nod broke Tony’s heart). Satisfied that he was out of the woods, Dr Beech leaves Tony and Steve together alone.
“Uh no, it means T’Challa is getting better at writing speeches,” Steve chuckles back as an uneasy silence falls on them both. “Or is it Nat?”
“Steve.” Tony’s throat lurches immediately and Vision’s lips press into a thin line.
“I’ve heard that Stark can ruin a reputation in a heartbeat so I’m not gonna open my mouth and make more enemies for a fight between you and him.”
The Presidency was his job, but Steve was his life.
“I do not salivate over Thor Odinson,” she demands and deftly flips him off. “He’s just a very impressive and attractive man…”
“I’m gonna go and make some tea, okay? Stay here.” His campaign manager orders but Tony can’t feel his legs anyway. Seconds trickle by as he waits for Pepper and desperately tries to not stare at the framed picture sitting in his desk: Pepper, Happy and him at a college party, laughing, drunk and carefree.
“As the first openly L-”
He hears Pepper throw down the newspaper and take a deep breath; big enough for Tony to know that she was trying to keep her emotions in check.
“No, no- fuck, Vision no-” he demands and claws at his throat in desperation to make it allow him to breathe again. Nat inhales sharply and whips out her phone to call Steve. He doesn’t answer.
He nearly gets knocked out by how aggressive Steve shaking his head is.
As expected, the street outside the venue was heaving with various news anchors itching to start smear campaigns against paralytic politicians. They manage to avoid the many cameras by slipping around the corner and into a grimy backstreet, where a sleek Mercedes is inconspicuously parked. The driver window rolls down to reveal Sam’s grinning face, the harsh light of the streetlamps shadowing his contours. He jerks his head at them as they quickly pile into the backseats in case any of the journalists had spotted them sneaking away.
“She’s on the young side, yeah, but Bucky recommended her so she must be good at her job.” Steve placates as they watch Bruce converse with the young woman in the other room. The physicist had taken a particular professional shine to Matilda and it was proving difficult to separate them.
“Pull yourself together Stark.” He mutters to himself and digs his fingernails into the fragile skin on his palms. “This is the man you love, and hate for a job. He won’t kick you out or laugh in your face…” Out of nowhere, something his Mom had always said about him slipped into his mind and his heart nearly burst. “He… he has your heart.”
“Is that aimed at me?”
“She looks about twelve!” Tony hisses in the kitchen and Steve rubs a hand across his eyes tiredly.
“I don’t know what to say.” Sam admits softly and runs a hand through his hair. Steve gives him a soft smile and nods.
“You won’t.” Pepper tells him with so much conviction, Tony believes her. She drops a kiss against his collarbone. “He’s strong as fuck, honey. You know that.”
“I guess I deserve that.” Steve nods quietly, his knuckles clenching through the material of his skin-tight jean pockets. “I shouldn’t have just left without any explanation.”
“Mr Rogers suffered extensive internal bleeding.” Is the first thing she says and Pepper puts her head in her hands. Tony can’t breathe. “The bullet entered the right side of his torso here,” she points between the last two ribs on her own body. “And travelled in a downwards motion, possibly because the gun was being pointed at a diagonal to get that leverage through Mr Rogers’ body. It then made contact with his liver before settling just above his pelvic area. He’s incredibly lucky that his pancreas remained intact somehow; although the bullet did not exit his body so we had to remove it.”
However, it’s his two best friends, so he swallows this welcome and stands by to let them in.
“No!” All at once, Tony boiled over. It was like somebody had flicked a switch; suddenly, Tony could feel and it hurt, so much. “Listen here one goddamn minute. You’re insane to be involved with me at all Steve, let alone lo-… have romantic feelings. We’re political rivals, arch enemies. Whatever golden bubble you’re in right now, it won’t last. It won’t. We’ll loathe each other by the end of it, believe me.” He crosses his arms adamantly as Steve exhales heavily and drops his head.
Sam and Bucky’s eyes meet in the mirror as they share a worried glance. The Associates were still building their mark on society whilst The Avengers had already recruited most of their members. If one thing was for sure, Stark and Steve were going to have to keep their personal hatred out of their political rivalry, or everything was going to go drastically wrong.
Tony’s greeted with bored blue eyes when he walks into the hospital room with a folder. The eyes immediately light up when the gaze drags upwards from a newspaper (“there aren’t any cartoons in this one!”) and Tony’s heart clenches with love.
“I really fucked this up.” He whispers hoarsely; Pepper letting out a little whine as tears bubbled up in her eyes.
Three weeks and two days later saw Tony experiencing pain he hadn’t felt since his childhood.
“It’s a fucking travesty,” he scoffs and shakes his head. Steve drops his head in a shy giggle so Tony places a finger under Steve’s chin to direct his gaze upwards. “You’re still the hottest man on earth, Steve Rogers.” Tony eloquently projects every word right into Steve’s eyes so that he understands and remembers it.
“I just-”
“Say bye to Alannah for me.”
Silence.
“She said she’s good. Go on then.”
“Good,” Nat does raise her gaze at this point to give her boss a butter-wouldn’t-melt smile that hid a snarl pissed enough to even derail a furious Pepper. Now, that, was an impressive feat. “Because I was about to rip your balls off.”
Tony blows air through his teeth and bites his lower lip in irritation at the sorry excuse of a person he was turning into.
“I’ll make sure the courts throw the book at them. Don’t worry.” She clears her throat and kisses his cheek before gesturing at Steve. “He remains to be your top priority.”
Pepper catches her lip in her teeth and squeezes down on the flesh. “I do, actually.” She ducks under a low-hanging branch. “I need to know that somebody else is feeling as shattered as me.”
“They caught the assholes.” Tony dumbly repeats and she nods with a small smile.
“We can’t blame our marital issues on the fact that we’re in the public eye,” Steve reiterates gently, concluding that a riled-up Tony was not going to end well for neither him nor Matilda. The young woman had masked her face to look impassive, but Steve knows fear well enough to identify the lost apprehension in her features. “That’s what I said. What has happened to us for the last decade has happened because of who we are both individually and together, not because we’ve chosen to talk shit as a day job.”
Pepper had just laughed, and left them alone for another day.
He holds Morgan tight around her midriff and feels her bony thighs shuffle about on his legs as she tries to make herself comfy. It takes a few minutes for her to fall still, and suddenly she’s fast asleep curled up to a man she’s never really known like a limpet. Night had enclosed the space quickly and now it was a free astrology show. The sky was a carpet of twinkling stars, and Steve wonders which one is Tony.
The other man rolls his eyes and pushes his shoulder so Steve has no choice but to sit up with a groan. He can see four of Clint as he desperately blinks to ward off the distorted shapes of dizziness that clouds his vision. All four Clints give him an unimpressed huff.
“Not likely!” Pepper singsongs back and Morgan giggles. Her laugh sounds like icicles breaking and it’s beautiful.
The man unconscious in the bed was not Steve. It wasn’t his husband. Tubes ballooned into his wrists with various IV lines and painkillers seeping into his system. His body was covered in sterile bandages that wrapped tightly around his abs and were clearly designed to cover the blood seeping through the wounds; they failed. Swelling marred his chest and armpits, as well as his face which made him look like a cartoon. Against the beeping machines that littered the room, his six foot two love looked absolutely pathetic. It wasn’t his Steve, it couldn’t be his Steve.
The post-it note burns a metaphorical hole in Steve’s pocket. Steve pretends not to notice.
Steve’s resolve breaks and within half a second, he’s got Tony wrapped up in his arms like a child. He whispers soothing nonsense into Tony’s hair as the broken man just hangs on for dear life and cries into Steve’s shoulder.
“I talk to her when things get... complicated.” Bucky explains when Steve looks up in blank misperception.
“I’ve gotta be somewhere, and you shouldn’t be here.” He blurts out and removes himself from Steve’s grasp to re-dress himself whilst throwing Steve’s clothes at his head to get him moving. There’s no hiding the surprise and disappointment that clouds Steve’s features.
She was tall, curvaceous and annoyingly pretty. Funnily enough, she looked stereotypically Irish, with tousled curls of stunning red hair and sun beam freckles littered across her nose. The woman looked carefree, like she actually slept at night instead of having nocturnal Star Wars marathons, and she was heading straight for Steve.
“And?”
Nat winks sarcastically. “I try.”
“What exactly are you scared of?” Matilda’s eyes seem like pools of sympathy and Tony wants to throw up.
His voice catches so he steels himself. Don’t let him know you care, Stark. He swallows tightly as Steve looks away with a grimace.
“Yes! We talked about this, Steve. Space would give us time to focus on ourselves before we heal together. I thought you understood!”
Wait… no. That wouldn’t have solved anything. He should’ve moved on two and a half years ago. Perhaps, now it was time to finally look after himself.
“He looks so peaceful.”
Tony’s lips twist into a sob as he bites his lip hard enough to make it bleed.
. He’d waited nearly three years to hear that all his effort hadn’t been a complete waste of time. Steve had wanted the same thing, he-
“He’s probably tired, restless and jealous.” Pepper mutters with a frown. Her black dress had spots of oil still on it from the protestors earlier but she was too angry to change it so was displaying it like a warrior stance. “I know how he feels.”
“When I heard all the commotion, I knew it was the building. I just knew Tony, there- there was this ball of nausea in my gut and I thought ‘please god not him’. I just kept repeating to myself as I ran over ‘don’t let it be Tones’.”
It takes a second of suffocating tension, but suddenly Tony is nodding back and opening his arms with a smug smirk. Steve’s chest constricts with excitement at this beautiful, complicated… whirlwind of a man. They stare at each other silently before Tony bites his lower lip and looks up at Steve shyly through his eyelashes.
Out of nowhere, Tony feels suffocated. Steve’s muscles feel as hard as rocks and the arm casually draped over his stomach is like lead. He needs to get out, he needs-
Steve just blinks silently at him, unfocused but glaringly understanding.
It was safe to say that the bottom falls out of Tony’s world in one shattering second. Steve was getting married… oh god, Steve was getting married to
There’s a pause before Tony’s shaking his head slowly and forcing his eyes open to stare blankly at the wall. Steve exhales sharply out of his nose and continues the gentle pressure in his husband’s hair.
“Because you have a dartboard covered in newspaper clippings of Rogers’ party, The Associates, to hammer with pointy missiles.” Pepper points out. “And because you talk shit about your opposition to the press without being bothered to look up who they actually are.”
“I’ve given my excuse.” Tony holds up the ingredients with a frown. “What about you? A source said they’d seen you in Ireland a few years back, but we’ve heard nothing since?”
The door swings open to reveal Dr Beech, looking more tired than ever, but positively beaming with a clipboard vandalised with hurried blurts under her arm. Tony slams back down to his heels in sheepish alarm and schools his expression into one of stoic professionalism. He gestures to Steve with raised eyebrows and a knowing smirk to indicate his innocence; it’s a look that Dr Beech chuckles at with mirth.
“Just-”
“Baby?” He whimpers but Steve’s staring through at him and not at his glassy eyes like he’d hoped. “Steve? Steve-please hang on just- HELP! HELP ME PLEASE!”
“So should you.”
Pepper snatches the newspaper from the table and clenches it so tightly, angry lines of tension fan out the pages like a lantern. She holds it up to Tony’s face and angrily jabs the page with her index finger.
“Don’t start!” Pepper warns him sternly and grabs his hand to pull him from the wings and onto the main floor where voices of bigoted millionaires filtered through the velvet curtains. “They insisted and they have the money. What was I going to do? Tell them to shove their extra billions up their asses?”
The car screeches to a halt. Tony exits with shaking legs and peers up at Steve’s building. Once he arrives at the right floor, after he’d nearly bottled it on the way up, the elevator doors slide open.
“You’re a fucking hypocrite!”
“Okay, right- let’s have: Angelina Jolie, Rihanna- she’s fucking hot, guys- and… oh I know,” Sam’s eyes harden into something animalistic as he bites his lip. “Clint.”
“Fuck. You.” He interjects every word with giving Sam a hard long look at his middle finger as his best friend cackles to death in the chair. “Go fuck yourself, you asshole.”
“You don’t get it; I almost lost you.”
A whimper escapes the President’s chest, his feet flinging him across the marble to gather the injured man into his arms. He presses his forehead into Steve’s neck and took liberty in basking in the steady pulse thumping away under his nose.
Tony loosens his tie with one hand to give the aching ball of anxiety nestled in his throat some room.
Pepper taps her daughter on the cheek with a dark red nail etched in bronze lightly. “What about Steve?”
“Actually yes,” the soft tone from Fallon’s voice disappears. “We have some intel that you had a rather heated discussion with Steve Rogers at an event a few weeks ago. The paper is running the story, so do you have any comments on the situation? Why Mr Rogers made you so annoyed, perhaps?”
“-and anything you need cancelled, just let me know… Tony, honey?”
Tony grits his teeth, notices how the sunlight reflecting on his framed photos creates a halo of warm light around Happy’s head and opens his mouth.
“You ready?” Nat’s wavering voice splinters Tony’s daydream. He shivers involuntarily when Vision opens the door for him so he reverts back to his President Tony Stark, Bullshitter Extraordinaire expression with a raised eyebrow and a nod. Time to work.
“Sweetheart? T- Tony?!”
Bucky’s standing next to a plant pot whilst chatting to a young woman with tousled auburn hair. He looks up to see Tony as his eyebrows jump to his hairline.
“You thought there were more intruders, and I would be vulnerable because I’m still in recovery.” Steve finishes for him and all Tony can do is nod shakily against his collarbone. “Everything’s okay, I promise. It was nothing.”
“He’ll be fine.” Nat assures him but she can’t look him in the eyes. “The security team will make sure he’s safe. Please, babe, calm down.”
Pepper raises her eyebrows slowly at his stammering. Steve takes a huge breath, and marvels at the mosaic of individual lights projecting onto the ripples of the lake.
“She’s a therapist,” Bucky corrects firmly. “And a very good one at that.”
Looking back, Tony couldn’t be sure whether it was the irritation that he had been disturbed, the realisation that he would never see Happy again, or the memory of Rogers’ nasty scowl as he mentioned Thor that made him say what he did.
“Yeah… the LGBT bit?” Steve sounds small and nervous so Tony swallows his annoyance and forces his voice to sound even.
He, he lo-
“Pep-”
Steve swallows heavily and lets his shoulders properly drop for the first time in months. “Don’t you dare put up with the nightmares. They are not something that you should feel like you have to contend with, baby.”
The market bustles away; not one person pays the two men any attention. It’s freeing to be able to converse with someone in public privately, but Tony secretly wishes that someone would jump in and back him up.
A slightly shorter but just as muscly man standing to Rogers’ right nudges him on the shoulder to focus his attention towards Tony. Up even closer, Rogers’ eyes had flecks of forest green marring the planes of blue and Tony revelled in finding a flaw so early on.
Pepper drives like a bloody maniac to follow the ambulance to the best private hospital this side of New York, throws it in a parking space and runs after Tony to the reception.
Tony stumbles backwards in shock and blinks at Steve rapidly as his heart starts to go into overdrive. Steve shrugs his shoulders like he hasn’t just dropped the biggest bombshell in the world with an apologetic grimace.
“Stay here!” Steve suddenly shouts over the deafening crescendo of guns firing and screaming to point at the window. “I’m gonna smash the glass to alert people down below.”
Around eleven, a raucous knock at the door interrupts him from his sleepy stupor as he’s halfway through an episode of Dynasty. He groans loudly and pushes himself up from the sofa to politely tell the unwanted visitors to go the fuck away.
Bile rises up into Steve’s throat as he surveys his husband, his broken, shattered husband, and grits his jaw to exhale quickly through his nose.
“And you?”
“Now look what you’ve done!”
“You didn’t
It’s a low blow, not to mention a childish one. Steve grits his jaw, but softens it to gently nudge Alannah in the ribs. They talk in low voices for a heartbeat and Tony stands there feeling more out of place than ever. After a few hushed sentences, Alannah gives him a small wave and meanders off back through the market with a meaningful glance at Steve over her shoulder.
“Fucking Clint?” Sam murmurs under his breath and Steve chokes on his own saliva to laugh uncontrollably. Bucky’s features twist into a murderous rage as he points his index finger at Sam dangerously.
She shakes her head. “There’s no point.” Her voice is sympathetic and slow. “The surgery will most probably take hours, especially if it’s a shooting injury- that’s what the paramedic report said. We don’t know where Mr Rogers will end up either: he may go into a recovery room or they might take him straight to the ICU. The best thing to do is to wait here. The doctors will update you when they can, I promise.”
“No, seriously, you look like absolute crap.”
It’s two weeks after... the
“I must say,” Steve begins to mutter, fingering through the collapsing piles of paperwork on Tony’s desk lazily. “It would be very interesting to know how you managed to pay for all of those campaigns using only the money your sugar daddies- sorry, I mean sponsors- were sending you-”
“No honey,” she leans forward to wrap him up in a hug as he clings onto her waist to press his nose into her hair. “Not yet- you can still fix it.”
Because-of-fucking-course.
The question catches Steve off guard. He whirls around to face Pepper and jams his hands into his pockets awkwardly. She doesn’t retract the enquiry. She just waits patiently for him to blurt something out as they slowly traipse down the woodland paths in Morgan’s racing dust.
“Nobody was here.”
“Steve-”
Tony repeats his thanks over and over and loses count of how many times he had to be interested in someone in the first few minutes.
“Good morning Mr Stark.” A posh and slightly Australian sounding voice melts through the speaker as Tony frowns to himself in confusion. It was a voice he didn’t recognise. “This is Fallon from The Washington Post, how are you today?”
“She’s a sweetheart.” He rasps. A crescendo of catastrophic evil explodes in his ears and he knows he’s outwardly wincing. And, fuck, Pepper notices it too because her expression shutters off into a complete void of sympathy and Steve wants to scream.
She rolls her eyes cheekily. “Come on, let’s go and make The Avengers a force to be reckoned with.”
“There’s being wary, and there’s waiting outside the door when I have a piss in case I ‘can’t get myself back up’, Tony.”
It’s at this moment that Tony realises how so very fucked he is.
“She’s trans.”
Steve snorts. “You’ll have your staff memorising the schedule and all the side-effects and horrors within ten minutes of us getting home and you know it. Talking of which-” he cracks his neck with a haze of pleasure and beckons to Tony with a crooked finger. “It’s time I gave Jenna her room back.”
“A gentleman never tells…”
“Yeah, apparently it’s a bit of the statement I have to deliver in the morning.” Tony nods and attempts to smile back, he really does, but the ravaging animalistic wave of emotion is biting down on his chest. “I did say it didn’t sound like me but she wasn’t having it. She’ll probably cut it though, she knows me.”
“You already abandoned us,” Tony continues, desperately not wanting to be in the market any longer. “You already abandoned me. I can’t do it to the family too.”
He hears Pepper screaming his name but all he can see is Steve, all he can feel is Steve. Or, more pressingly, the increasing lack of Steve. All he can feel is the nauseatingly faint and slow pulse fighting deep in Steve’s wrist.
“You- you-” Steve stammers, his eyes looking decidedly glassy. Tony tenses and tilts his head tiredly. “You’ve never told me any of that-”
“I shouldn’t have come up to you.” Steve voices with a small huff, the golden hue of country sunshine- a sunshine that came straight to the ground without having to bounce off a few skyscrapers first- illuminates the white blonde streaks in his hair. “I’m sorry, I should’ve just- ah. I should’ve left you alone.”
“Well, if you’ll excuse me…” Tony knocks back the rest of his champagne in one to grin at Pepper with double thumbs up. She starts shaking her head frantically as he starts edging closer to Rogers and his group of attractive cronies with another drink in hand. “I’m going to go and introduce myself to my new best friend.”
He hated the countryside. He hated Steve and he hated the perfect life his ex-boyfriend had managed to achieve with Alannah. Most of all, he hated himself for not being strong enough to tell the son of a bitch exactly where to go.
“Don’t you fucking dare!” He shouts when his knees allow him to lurch his body to Steve’s, frantic hands running over the blood soaked garments. “Not when I need you the most, you unselfish, egotistical bastard… do-don’t you fucking die on me, not now.”
He pushes all this down- deep, deep down- and laughs at the ridiculousness of the situation. Steve was engaged to someone far more attractive and far less complicated than him. Tony was stuck at the compound, fighting a losing battle with the UN, still trying to piece himself back together after Steve, and still couldn’t find any bastard portabella mushrooms for the skewers.
A week later, the doctors decide to bring Steve out of the coma. They tell Tony that he requires more surgery, which apparently goes as well as it can when your internal organs have been terrorised by a small flying missile. After the last surgery, Tony sits by Steve for hours, waiting for him to wake up. Flowers and cards adorn his bedside table; from Pepper, Rhodey, Sam, Bucky and the others. Tony hadn’t been able to bear staying in the same room when Sam and Bucky visited Steve the first time; the state of their eyes when they’d left told him he had been right.
“You finally found somebody who makes you happy, happier than I ever made you, and you freaked out. That’s okay, you’re allowed to freak out, but Tony sweetie-” Pepper drops to her knees in front of her best friend to run her fingers through his unruly hair. “You can’t throw a bond like that away.”
“Pep? Fuck, what happened?”
“No,” Matilda’s lips quirk up into a small smile. “What scared you about the security breach?”
He flicks his eyes up to peer at the sky through his eyelashes. “Everything.”
He won’t cry in front of Nat, he can’t cry in front of Nat…
“He’s Buck’s Clint now, Stevie boy! Oh, fuck- No, Bucky, OW!”
“Can I help you?” He asks, a bit stunned. Steve’s actually quaking with anger and Tony wants to step back but stands his ground to stare defensively at the blonde man.
“When will you get it into your stupid, overly-egotistical head,” Steve grinds out with all the attitude of Pepper at her most frustrated. “That I don’t see Tony Stark, Bullshitter Extraordinaire. I don’t see the cocky, selfish and rude dickhead that the world sees- well, at least not all the time. I don’t see the broken man who was painfully let down by his father. I don’t see all those people Tony-”
Tony steels himself before sending her a crooked smile.
Dr Beech’s features tighten and Tony’s heart drops through his stomach.
Steve frowns deeply at him. “Tony.”
“Talking to Steve.” He holds his phone up and Nat sighs.
“Uh-” Steve seems taken aback by the question and immediately Tony’s chest goes into overprotective mode. “I’m good, thank you. It’s hard to get out of bed some days, physically and mentally, but just being with Tony again is helping loads.”
Nat laughs too, but she doesn’t hide the relief that’s dancing through her eyes. The anxiety lines that have creviced her beautiful face since she became Tony’s PR co-ordinator soften slightly under the gentle glow. “Okay. Please go and get some rest then. I’ll need you to have your head screwed on for the statement tomorrow.”
“Everyone here is so old,” she complains and pokes Tony to get his attention; his focus firmly stolen by a pretty blonde commandeering a large crowd by chatting about nuclear physics. “How are we supposed to further our political agenda with these dinosaurs? They’ll all be dead by the time you’re President.”
“What? No, don’t- Tony that’s not a fair thing to say.”
“Right, you fucking satanic asshole-”
“The surgery we have just performed on Mr Rogers was able to successfully remove the bullet from his pelvis. We also managed to stem the internal bleeding for now, but he will need further operations to repair the damage done to his right side ribs and liver lining.”
“Must be. My god, our Presidential run is going to be good fun.” Not willing to back down from a fight, Tony retaliates with arrogancy that has Rogers frowning.
Pepper turns around with a huge, animalistic grin. “But sweetie,” she simpers. “It is- you’ve got me.”
Steve’s smiling when Tony cranes his head round to glance at him. It’s not a proper Steve smile though, and that surprisingly hurts. The slightly-scared smirk that is plastered to his ex-boyfriend’s lips is the one he used to save for the cameras back when he was still Captain America. Back when he was the love of Tony’s life. Back when they were all a family and everything was
He also needs to come clean to Rhodey. The Alpha would want to know why he break-up with Pepper and he hated lying to Rhodey. The man had been like his brother and guardian since they were in University together.
Not only that, Howard expected Maria to give birth to an Alpha as their first child and resented both Maria and Tony for having an Omega instead of an Alpha as his first and only child. By the time Tony was four years old, his mom was drowning in depression. An unfair expectation was a dangerous thing.
He swiftly moved around Steve before walked away in long strides even though Rogers could (and would) catch up with him. “You’re all the same, but whatever. I should have known.”
Another thump, a giant man with long wind-blown blond hair and holding a hammer landed onto the opening hatch and stormed inside. Tony quickly recognized him from the archives SHIELD had shown him. Loki’s brother, Thor was also known as the god of thunder and strength of Norse mythology.
His stomach tightened beneath his shirt and he quickly read the file. Tony’s file was over five inches thick file and SHIELD even gave him a video reel.
"Germany was previewed… this was opening night.” Tony rambled. “And Loki, he was a full tail diva, right.” Steve nodded in confirmation. “He wanted lights, he wanted parades, he wanted a monument built to the skies with his name plastered on it!" Tony freeze, his body locked up in shock as it hit him.
Tony looked over at Bruce at that comment and smiled. "Or you'll be suiting up with the rest of us." He said confidently.
Cap frowned at that, worried what his companion might say next. “Tony, these things are still coming!” Steve said trying to appeal to Tony any way he could.
… His real soul-mate.
Funfact about the movie: Remember the scene in the helicopter with Tony and Steve before Thor come. Movie Tony was clearly trying to impress Steve based on the interview from Joss Whedon and RDJ.
Regaining his balance, Iron Man came flailing back, repulsors flickering. Half a dozen warnings flashed on the HUD showed a gunner reappeared where Steve was trapped on a broken catwalk overhead while he struggled to push himself upright. The super soldier didn’t detect him.
Steve and Pepper: Sub Alpha-they are only submissive in bed
“SHUT IT!” said the genius, slow and clear and so loaded with venom his words positively dripped with it. “I HAD NO TIME FOR YOURS OR FURY’S SHIT!” Not when Coulson was dead remained unspoken. Tony swallowed, composed himself after his outburst. “I'm not marching to the tune of Fury's fife.”
"Where is the Tesseract?" Thor demanded, looking down at Loki with a heavy frown.
He ignored the voice of reason in his head and press on. He was doing them both a favor, not ending up like Howard and Maria blasted marriage! Pepper was amazing and loyal, she was safe!
He hurtled towards Steve and barrelled into the remaining gunner at full speed, took him out. Tony collapsed on the ledge when his suit stuttered and fritzed with sparks. He rolled over, switched the faceplate up, gasping a little. His head swimming and he felt like he had run a marathon. He closed his eyes tiredly, just for a second, just for a bit of rest...
“You were on that list? Are you above or below angry issues here?” Tony said mockingly to Rogers.
Jarvis traced the two aliens in no time. The moment Tony saw the two figures, he didn't hesitate to hurtle down and tackled the blond god right off the cliff in mid-flight. Grabbing him by the neck, Tony carried him to a clearing.
Steve needed relief from the urgency that had been building, building, just beneath his skin. Pressed flush against Tony, one leg between the genius' thighs, and yes, Tony was rocking into the heat, that warmth, that hard-
“It is what now, widely known as Half-mate.” at Steve look he continued “A half mate is the mother or father of your soul-mate. He had a son call Anthony Stark, the Iron man… Unless Howard has another child, somewhere…” which highly possible considering what a womanizer Howard was before his marriage and all the scandals about him having an affair… “He is probably your real soul-mate.” He hoped this wouldn’t blow in his face later.
“Are you really that naive? S.H.I.E.L.D. MONITORS potential THREATS.” Natasha said sternly to everyone arguing in the lab.
She yelled. “Don’t think you could just get away with this, HOWARD STARK!”
He had tried to get over his fear, but every time he thought about exposing himself so completely and intimately with her, something inside him froze up and all he could see was Obie reaching for the Arc Reactor.
The gentleman held his gaze from the opposite side of the room, sipped his drink lazily. He was captured by, trapped by, a pair of large, well-set, heavy-lidded eyes the color of some faraway ocean. Those eyes held him entranced; the expression not in them so much as behind them spoke of shrewdness, assessment, and cool, clear-headed cynicism.
“Look to your elder, people.” Loki voiced with amusement as he levelled his staff to the man, "Let him be an example." a low thrum emanating from the core of his staff.
This was way better than Anthony ever imagined.
“It's his M.O., isn't it?” Bruce quietly intimidating voice had drawn the attention of everyone in the room. “I mean, what are we; a TEAM? No, no, no. We're a chemical mixture that makes CHAOS." Bruce said gravely, trying to put some distance between him and everyone else. “We were-we were a time-bomb.”
Tony looked up at Rogers-who was reaching out to him- with contempt spread thick across his features. Rogers had no right to make him feel like this, not now, not when he could see himself spending the rest of his life with alpha as special as Pepper.
It was refreshing as it was surprising for Bruce to finally have someone brought it up without even a flicker of hesitation. He could feel the other guy preened in the back of his mind. With what he used to read about Tony Stark he wondered if it was just childish curiosity and penchant for trouble. Even Betty couldn’t be fearless of him. She was simply able to look pass her fear.
Instead, Rogers glared; even as he glared he looked thoughtful. Tony didn’t know what the other man saw, but apparently, Rogers decided that Tony wasn’t worth his time and back of.
The argument couldn’t distract Steve from Tony for too long, the super-soldier shifted his eyes from Tony to Fury, he took the opportunity to verbally attack Tony. “I'm sure if he still made weapons, Stark would be neck-deep…”
Tony was lying, he had to be, there’s no way Howard would ever go that far. If what Tony said was true, the casualties were too great to quantify in any scale. Steve felt ill. “You… you were lying! Howard woul….”
Nick Fury turned toward the Thunderer, his voice two levels higher. “But you were not the only people out there, were you?” he glared. Thor could saw the resentment lurking in his eyes. “And…” Fury’s voice turned even louder, sharper. “You were not the only threat.”
Steve could smelt Tony even before his sudden entrance. Tony's presence was like a lodestone magnetizing all his blood, drawing his soul toward him. Tony looked dashing, Steve’s heartbeat erratic. He got up out of his chair. His eyes followed Tony as he strolled into the room like he owns the place in his ironed and neat suit.
“You were made to be ruled. In the end, you will always kneel.” Loki smiled showing his white teeth, very pleased with his speech.
Tony turned red with anger; it was Howard who had degraded Tony his whole life. The man loathed him so much for Tony’s presence reminded him of his failure in searching for Rogers and would take out all his anger and frustration on him
Steve fully recognized the game by now. “Where am I?” his voice hard as iron.
Surprised by Tony's action, Bruce had to catch his breath for a moment before his lips curled into a big smile. At first, he didn't really know how to react to Tony, wondered if it just childish curiosity to meet the 'other guy'. However Tony was comfortable enough around Bruce that he shocked him in a tiny room full of breakable things to show him that he trusted Bruce’s control unlike everyone else, unlike Bruce himself.
Pepper might not be his soul-mate, but he loved her deeply. She was the axis on which everything else in his world turned to. He would not let this ruin what they had the happiness he had gained.
He left Steve’s floor the last on his list.
Tony fished for the key and gave Steve a silver key labeled with his respective floor number.
Tony’s voice was getting frantic. “Lever! Now!” no answer. The rotors picked up speed. His grip slipped and his eyes widened in alarm as the rudder advanced away from him. He let out a cry of pain as the force of its blade crashed into his backside with a harsh clang. “Uh-oh---,” Tony said, right before he was sucked under the spinners. The smaller router knocked the metal of his suit around like a pinball.
"And you need to focus on the problem, Mr. Stark!" He warned, watching Tony moved around the lab with all his confidence.
“Wait! Wait! Hold on!” Tony gestured with his hand for Steve to stop, and Steve’s electric blue eyes leveled on him again, warmed his blood. The tension in the room was electric and left the entire room still. “How was this now about me?” Tony asked, annoyed.
Steve angrily pushed at his reckless soulmate.
Cap raised the shield just in time, gritted his teeth at the impact, letting the hammer's hit vibrated but defused the power. The kinetic energy was immense; the clearing filled with a blinding light and a heavy shock-wave that blown off everything standing within a mile and Thor of the ground.
“You called that a great man! 30 out of 1600 children who were irradiated while they were in their mother’s womb during that explosion suffered clinically severe mental retardation. Children born to mothers who received whole-body radiation doses of between 50 and 100 radiuses following the bombing had an increased risk for small brain size and mental retardation. Some estimates state up to 200,000 had died by 1950, due to cancer and other long-term effects. From 1950 to 1990, roughly 9% of cancer and leukemia deaths among bomb survivors were due to radiation from the bomb.” he paused to let it sunk in.
Flashback
Steve could practically hear Tony’s heart cracking. He wanted to say he wanted no one except Tony but he knew it would be useless to argue. Steve would save the argument for later when he had worm himself into Tony’s life and won his trust. He curled his hands into a fist, and he looked frayed at the edges, like he was going to split apart any second.
Steve raised his eyebrows, looked down at Tony, surprised by how devious and underhanded he was being. Hacking into S.H.I.E.L.D computers? That was a risky move. "Yet you're confused about why they didn't want you around." He replied with a shake of his head.
“Is that really what you think, Tony?” His voice was low and hurt.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I am sorry.”  Tony said, far weaker than he intended but not any less sincere for it. He licked his dry lips.
“Tony.” He whispered Tony’s name like a forbidden spell cast to forged love upon someone's heart. “P-please, I-I love you.”
It was amazing Pepper didn’t address the elephant in the room yet. She probably thought he was having PSTD like after Afghanistan and the fight with Obie. Amazingly he wasn’t, that was the only good thing with the soul-bond, even when he was dying in space he felt like he wasn’t alone, that Steve was there with him, reached to him, protected him. It was a nice illusion.
The journey back to the Shield base passed in a blur. Shock seeped through Steve’s body like an anaesthetic; dulling the pain, fuzzing the edges.
‘What footage?’ was Tony's first thought. Then Tony was horrified when he remembered the footage in the cave. The day he learned of Shield's existence, he immediately aware that Fury must get his hands on them.
“Tony…” Steve sounded like he was swallowing poison.
“You think it is that easy.” Anthony’s tone mocking. “That I will just give myself to you.” Sure his Twin-flame acted as he differed from other Alphas but Anthony wasn’t born yesterday, he would test him first. “Tell you what. Give yourself to me first. And I will consider it.” To emphasize what he meant he rubbed his hardness on Steven’s thigh.
Children were taught about how perfect, wonderful and sacred soul-bond and Twin-flame were since they could speak. Notwithstanding the bullshit that TV and adults tried to brainwash children with things like 'Something about being with your soul-mate made your blood sang with the serene hum of Zen gardens and all the ever-lasting beauty and joy of meeting your soul-mate.'
“I’ve been away from the ton for four years. Left because of family and estate business, just return to drawing rooms and ballrooms.” Anthony answered. “How old are you? It doesn’t matter. I just want to know?”
Happy had asked Tony permission in courting Pepper. Even though he was a bit bitter, he would rather lose Pepper to a man like Happy knowing he would take care of Pepper and gave her the undivided love and attention that Tony failed to give Pepper. Just seeing the smile on Pepper’s face was enough.
"I missed you too." Loki grinned, shaking his head. Thor huffed at that response
I love this man beyond measure and reason. He is not my boyfriend.
Dream
Howard was a middle-level Alpha, he should have a pretty high chance of getting an alpha son. He believed at the least he will have a low level alpha as first born/only child but instead he got an Omega. Something to him is unthinkable and shameful. It was one of the reasons he abandoned Maria and Tony other than being bored and wanted to go back to his obsession.
His thoughts soon dissolved as pleasure arrowed into his body as his body moved on his own and met the blond’s, as the two…
He wasn’t living anymore, he was just following a routine. He felt like a prisoner. Spending time with his wife felt like an obligation. There was no feeling behind it anymore.
Tony seethed at Steve, it was so much easier to fall back into anger and hate. It made him strong. He would never give in to this curse bonding. He had seen and experienced the aftereffect of a failed bonding in the shape of being locked inside a dark closet, Howard’s and Maria’s handprints burned into his skin, his back bleed-legacy of Howard's skilled with a belt, in the glass that cut through his skin when Howard threw a bottle at him, in his broken rib when THE HYPOCRITE caught him making out with a Beta, his parent tore into him with the edge of their tongue, his mother became a shadow in Howard’s life and needlessly wasted her life away, and in every poisonous word, they used to degrade him!
Tony startled awake from his slumber. The first thing he noticed was the soft body against his that female curve and lavender smell. Oh right, Pepper! It felt like a bucket of icy water thrown to his face, pulling him cruelly out of his soul-dream daze. The second thing he noticed was cum between his legs. “Shit.” He muttered.
“I am mocking you?”
Steve looked between the two scientists, sighed as he tried to wrap his head around all the new information and possibilities that S.H.I.E.L.D was working on dangerous projects and hiding things on purpose.
"Tony!" No response. "Tony, I'm here!" He shouted louder, looking around outside. Tony heard Rogers' voice through the HUD over the sound of explosions and the super-soldier’s form came into view on the HUD.
And to his shame, he had responded. Abandoned his rational and logical side in an overwhelming drive to capture and seize, seduce and possess. He had sunk so deeply under the heady rush, under the enthralling spell, that if the whole team had come tramping through the room, he wouldn't have noticed. He should have steeled himself to resist, to hold firm, to not let Rogers bend him to his will.
“A hero? Like you?” Tony mocked him; his eyes went dark and hard before he moved in for the kill. “You’re a lab rat, Rogers. Everything SPECIAL about you came out of a BOTTLE.” The venom Tony spat with that line could have KILLED A ROOM FULL OF COBRAS.
Steve sat in the apartment that SHIELD had set him up with, staring at a manila folder with hope and nervousness. He remembered how fucking painful it felt when he read the file about Howard, Peggy, and his team and found out they all pass away.
Bruce didn’t take it well. "Where? You rented my room." he said loudly.
“No…” Steve said strongly, his gaze could make a basilisk proud “I understand.” Tony was taken aback by the pure fury in the other man’s face as their eyes met. He wondered if Rogers would hit him now.
Every time Maria found out about Howard and his mistresses, it stung so badly she couldn’t breathe.
“I could get there faster.” Tony exclaimed, checked the location. Steve felt his protectiveness rose. There’s no way he would let his Omega endangered himself unnecessarily.
Thor stepped closer to Fury, his gaze scorching on the Director’s back “I thought humans were more evolved than this.” he said sharply.
"He turns." Maria Hill informed him icily.
"Not here." Thor shouted back, shoving Loki backward. "You give up the tesseract, you give up this poisonous dream. Come home." Thor's voice softened at the end, he pleaded to his brother.
Steve swallowed. No, he didn’t want that, would never want that. He had seen so many died in the war… to ever wish that. His purpose as a soldier? Should he hide behind the stars and stripe uniform and cling to the last thing he had that's familiar, the last thing he had that's close to home - how to be a soldier, how to obey orders… will that be easier or worse? In the military, he at least wasn’t a fish out of the water, but there were still many changes, he didn’t know how to use current weapon or technology… he wanted to resist it… he wasn’t ready, he didn’t know if he would ever be ready!
Steve didn’t let his smile falter. He kind of expected Tony to went all professional like this. A flame of hope had been kindled in Steve after he heard about Tony and Pepper break up and he could not bring himself to blow it out. “Thanks.” One step at a time, he would wait for Tony his whole life if he needed to.
That earned him a glance and an eyebrow raise. “I don’t like it.” Steve repeated, casting a look at their prisoner. Loki had been tied up and cuffed to his seat
He could feel him, even though he couldn’t quite see his face. It filled every atom of his body with such warmth that all the ice that numbed him to the world was gone. He wanted to stay here forever with Howard, even though he knew that was impossible!
Tony could hear his mom sobbing uncontrollably while nursing her cheek. Usually Tony was smart enough to not get near them when his parents were fighting, drunk or both but this was the first time he saw his mother cried and it broke his heart.
Maria with the help of their helpers transformed the mansion into their love nest. They were really happy and in love.
Few male Alphas would bottom for other Alpha let alone an Omega. He expected Steven to be scandalized, pushed him roughly and stormed out angrily while cursing him.
How could someone as smart as Tony Stark rejected something so sacred and wonderful… wasn’t soul-bond what everyone wanted
So far, Tony had refused to come to every team movie night, choosing to work himself until he couldn’t anymore. Steve was grateful that Tony had prepared movies from 1940 to now, he just wished he could watch it with his soulmate.
The sound of Tony’s voice felt like the most beautiful sound in his life. Steve- cowl pushed back- laughed in relief and had few barely noticeable tears trickled down his cheeks. Hulk beat his chest in triumph and roared victoriously to the sky. Thor looked down at him, dumbfounded and happy with the situation.
Tony sped quickly through the streets, between destroyed skyscrapers and over the heads of the other Avengers waited to see what might happen next. He increased the propelling jets in his chest, aimed the nuke up another part as he got closer and closer to the propelling jet of blue light of the tesseract. He skated up the side of Stark tower, flipped vertically as he led the nuke higher and higher into the clouds.
“Then you should have taught him properly!”
He closed their distance, his imposing form towered over the woman. “You…” he growled. Her legs felt weak at the growl of the Ultimate Alpha, smelled the agitated alpha’s scent grew stronger.
What was with death and people long for the one thing he knew wasn’t real. Steve’s warmth wasn’t wrapped around him, shielded him, and demanded he lives.
Tony ignored him and laughed mockingly. “You era of glory is long over Capsicle, most superhero and super-villain nowadays totally outclass you. You are useless, nothing but a smudge in a history book.” he continued meanly, dashing Steve’s fragile hope that his soul-mate wasn’t like what he saw in the footage.
“Master Antony, are you okay?’’ he heard Jarvis’ voice coming closer. The butler helped him up. “Ma’am I think you had drunk too much.” There was a hard edge to Jarvis’ voice.
Soulmate or not what Tony had done made his blood boil. Granted, Tony baited and let Lieutenant James Rhodes took and kept the suit but that didn’t excuse what he had done.
Tony wondered why his mother stay in a broken marriage when she was still young and gorgeous. Surely they were plenty of rich Alpha would have her if she just kick Howard out of her life. Then it down on him that maybe it was the soul bond that poison people mind into thinking that they were only one road to happiness. The sweetest poison that poisoned one’s mind, made you believe in fake feeling and unrealistic dreams before slowly ate at your soul. It made people pathetic and miserable. Tony vowed he would never let a soul bond dictate his life. He refused to end up like his mother.
Notes:
“You’re not the guy to make the sacrifice play.” Rogers said, looked him in the eyes with focus, scornful glare. “To lays down on a wire and let the other guy crawl over you.” Rogers snarled, and that felt like being shot because he had let Yinsen laid down on a wire for him, didn’t he.
It was so weird. Steve had been clinging to the last thing he had that's familiar, the last thing he had that was close to home - how to be a soldier, how to obey orders-like a baby with a security blanket that he became completely blind to the glaring facts. Only when Doc. Banner said it all, Steve realized that Tony-- as irritating as he was -- and Bruce might have a point, and if they did, he couldn't let it lie.
"Just... find the cube." He said, walked out of the lab with resignation and a little defeat.
The Iron man coolly, studying and assessing Captain America's body, mentally dissecting him and dismissing him all at the same time.
Cap circled Tony, his stepped slow, sure, as he looked down at him with such cold hard disdain-like only Howard did. No wonder Howard loved him so much. Surprised, surprised-like father, like his lab rat! It was nearly a relief because finally; Rogers was showing him his true color. It was another proves that Howard was so wrong about Captain ‘perfect.’ He was just some asshole vintage Ken dolls with a stick in his pert, 1940’s ass.
Tony walked towards him and, swiped the programs to the edge of the screen so he could speak to Bruce. They were eye to eye now. "Hey. I read all about your accident. That much Gamma radiation should have killed you." He reasoned, willing Bruce to fill the gaps.
“My people want nothing but peace with your planet!” Thor voiced defensively.
Tony's eyes were disappointed and mocking. That was it the man was an idiot, he could be the other's leader but never Tony's.
And I imagine with Tony luck with relationship he has been hurt deeply by alpha before-I mean with his wealth and company of course they will be some female /male alpha who would try to conquer the untamable Tony Stark and try to “break him” or make him fall deeply in love before stealing his invention’s blue print.
"Why shouldn't the guy let off a little steam?" Tony asked, instinctively placed his hand on Rogers' shoulder, as if looking for more support.
Steve’s smile looked wicked like it had been cut into his face with a knife. “I had seen ALL the footage. I knew what you did. I knew what a bastard you were.’’ Steve goaded him.
After Obie’s betrayal, she was the only one he trusted to helm Stark Industries. Pepper was younger than him and nowhere near as intelligent but she was brilliant and frighteningly efficient. She possessed a keen eye for details and never seemed to fail at a task given to her. Pepper handled each task with ease and grace. Tony was in way over his head, the only thing moderate about Virginia ‘Pepper,’ Pott was her alpha pheromone.
"I'm listening..." Loki snorted, smiling cheekily as he looked into the distance for Thor.
But Tony didn’t appear through the portal. Instead, Steve saw an expanding light, an explosion that came from the detonation sweep through the open portal.
There was no answer. Steve’s heart was rising in his chest. His hands felt clammy. He couldn’t lose Tony, he would rather die.
Steve jammed his hands into his pockets as if to keep them from gravitating back to touch the Omega.
Tony’s beauty struck him like a lightning strike, searing his senses. A pull almost overwhelming to process, far stronger than anything he ever felt toward Howard. He was staring back at Tony and he felt like everything slowed down, like everything fell to silent, at that moment he couldn't even tell if he was still breathing or not, even the sound of own heart-beat was lost to him.
It was so warm… he felt himself cuddling a warm body, legs entangled. He felt at home, something he hadn’t felt since he woke up in this foreign world. As consciousness return, Steve opened his eyes and gazed up into the face of a devilishly handsome man with dark hair who looked so much like Tony. He couldn’t help but stare besotted at the man. Something chorded inside of him, he knew this man. ‘Tony’ something inside him whispered. ‘His soulmate, his lover, his husband.’
Tony looked over, raised his eyebrows.
Howard had searched for Captain America obsessively again after his son was born. When Tony was only two years old and Howard's search had yielded nothing since finding the Tesseract, he turned to the bottle to forget his woes.
“A higher form?” The Captain sound horrified. Then he felt disgusted at Fury, he was just like Loki; a controlling bastard who needed mass weapons to feel secure of his damn power and who wasn’t afraid to tear worlds apart if it got him what he wanted.
The real reason Howard, his father gave him so much pain was never because he wasn’t good enough. It was because he knew his son who was from the lowest caste, an Omega, would outshine his skill at a young age and he absolutely hated it. Hated it so much that he taught a child that physical blows hurt but words could wound for a lifetime and shown him how much he didn’t deserve to be loved all before Tony reached kindergartens.
Tony was waiting for Steve… Captain America right by the elevator. He stood up straighter: sharp, crisp, composed. Not Tony but Iron Man.
It was his biggest nightmare since he went to war, and now it wasn’t a dream anymore!!!
Anthony dropped his forehead against Steven’s. Their breathing melded, hard and heavy. Both of them had lost a few buttons.
The night after the New York battle ended
Steve was both surprised and alarmed at the intensity of Tony’s anger. He had done more than stepping on a landmine… just by mentioning footage. Tony Stark had something he didn’t want anyone to know. Most likely something dark and he knew Shield had the evidence. Was that why he was working as a consultant for free… and came here as an Avenger?
The Omega’s hair appeared solidly black, straight, and rather long but fashionably styled with wind-blown, slightly ruffled locks. A reddish full mouth, tan skin and long lashes, Steven’s heart thumped distinctly faster in anticipation.
“And I loved you, Tony, I always would."
Tony heard the bone-deep despair sound of Rogers internally screaming his name through the bond and he couldn’t contain the tear that fell from his eye… ‘If there is a next life…’
Tony wasn’t weak. He was a survivor who survived an un-anesthetized surgery when men he didn’t even know cut through his flesh. He felt every cut into his skin, every vibration of the bone saw, every pull on every muscle before he felt an electromagnet bolted and screwed into his body. He felt the horrible pain and thank his goddamn eidetic memory he could never forget any of it even if he tried.
Loki scowled. "I am king." He shouted in response.
They sat for hours until sunset. Anthony heard the sound of Steven set aside his instrument. The gorgeous blond covered the painting before prowled forward to him. Anthony wasted no time he pulled Steven by the back of his neck and crushed their lips together.
Bruce barely realized everyone was now looking at him with suspicion.
"But I didn't want it." Tony insisted. “Two people being soulmates didn’t mean they would be good together in a relationship. It was just the universe screwing with us, and I didn’t want any part of it.” Tony looked so tired. His dilemma was understandable after all his parents were soulmate and they were far from happy. “I couldn't do this, Pepper, I couldn't." It would destroy him if he opened his heart to Steve only to be hated once Steve realized how broken he was.
Summary:
Steve grabbed one of the parachutes lying around and put it on in record time. “I don't see how I can.” More than getting back the Tesseract, every fiber of his being wanted to protect Tony. He felt like he could burn the world down to protect his soulmate and it scared him!
They were missing two members, his armor was damaged and Barton a. k. a Hawkeye was unconscious. Loki escaped and Coulson- Tony cut himself off there, swallowed the lump in his throat. He sighed, Bruce was probably right when he said the team really was more like a time bomb but he still held hope the guy would come through at the end. After all, Bruce saved Harlem.
He needed to tone it up, kept them in the dark. Patted Thor on his bicep with a smirk and walked past him. "No hard feelings Point Break, you've got a mean swing."
It rubbed Tony the wrong way that Rogers found about Phase 2 first. Another reminder, of how he had failed to measure up to Captain America. He silenced the part of him that was secretly happy that Rogers proved he was not merely a mindless outdated relic of a soldier. Tony put on his mask and acted like it was no big deal.
“Kneel.” The trickster panted for breath. Steve smirked, it seemed Loki wasn’t used to long fights
By the end of the day, Rogers would hate him so much he wouldn’t even look at him let alone admit to any kind of soul-bond then Tony would be FREE to happily continue with Pepper.
Tony had stopped looking at him like he was the brunt of the joke, but the silence plagued them was brittle. The plane ride seemed so long, even though Steve’s logic told him it hadn’t been that long. He couldn’t stand it anymore “I don't like it." Steve hissed under his breath to get rid of the brittle silence period.
It also explain Steve jealousy as Tony Stark had history of dating man, woman of every caste especially beta. Pepper is special case since she is less territorial, a lot more understanding, and had care and work for Tony for years
“I love you too.” He whispers, and all Steve can see are stars.
“Did Nat tell you she was going to write the gay bit?” He accuses sharply and Pepper’s expression immediately falls into her professional one.
Tony blatantly ignores her correction, even as Steve gives him a side-eye and smiles tightly as her face flushes red.
“We had great sex after that.” Tony pointedly doesn’t answer Steve and instead hides behind humour to shatter the frozen panic on Matilda’s features. “Then we were married the following year.”
“I’ll ramp up the security.” Pepper murmurs and smooths the creases in her dress. “They won’t know you’re here.”
“Open your eyes, handsome.” Tony breathes, his fingers laced with Steve’s. Dr Beech shoots him a sad look from where she’s injecting something into Steve’s veins.
“You don’t owe me anything.” Tony snaps and rolls his eyes. “The team, on the other hand?”
Not exhausted. Shattered, like broken. Shattered: like hearts are into millions of pieces when the one person you would die for passes away themselves. Steve always hated that expression.
Steve straightens out his palms and points them towards Tony. It’s a show of placation and vulnerability, but it sort-of makes Tony hate him a bit more. “Then leave. Take your freedom and just go.”
Tony and Steve share a look as an agreement passes between them.
Tony’s lips quirk up into a soft smile. He brushes his fingertips through the strands of Steve’s hair that was flopping over his forehead.
“I’ve lost my v-line.” Steve states in a slight warning with annoyance curtaining his features but Tony can’t subdue the amused burst of laughter that erupts from his lungs.
They sit for a while longer on the rocks as the setting sun bounces off the water surface and back into the forest, dappling the dying leaves with rays of golden hope. Morgan happily scurries around the lakeshore and picks some wild bluebells. She spends an age threading them into Pepper’s hair until droplets of vibrant blue cascade down the waterfall of auburn.
Steve rolls his eyes with a laughed sigh. “I believe you.”
“That was nothing.” Rogers instantly dialled up to high alert at Tony’s revelation. “Fury’s an idiot.”
Tony can only nod silently and try not to lose it, Pepper’s hand a warm weight in his.
, felt abandoned. But I- Tony, I can’t be sorry for running away to Ireland. Being a coward meant I met Alannah and well… I’m happy. Honestly, T, I’m happy and I’ve not been that in a really long time.”
She nods in quiet confusion before he remembers himself, grins falsely, and shakes her hand. “Why, of course!  How could I forget?” Every lie felt like smoke unfurling between his teeth.
“Steve Rogers? He was brought in about two minutes ago, shot wound?” He yells at the receptionist, who takes one look at Tony, blinks, and scrabbles around to find his mouse. Two agonising clicks later, he stands up to point them both through some double doors.
“You… you-” Frustration creeps into Tony’s voice and Steve’s eyes widen. “You fucking madman.”
Bucky drops his gaze for a heartbeat before he’s out of his chair and disappearing into the nearby office. The remaining men watch him go in tight confusion.
“Fuck knows, the speech comes to me- I read it out loud and hope to god I’m not pleading my undying alliance to you or anything as I go.” He scoffs, painfully aware that he’d been gone too long. Pepper was gonna come searching for him at any minute.
“Good,” Tony rocks forwards onto his toes to place a gentle kiss to Steve’s lips. He whines breathlessly when Steve attempts to deepen it and pulls back to swat him on the chest. “Down, boy.”
“Assholes.” Tony fumes when they exit the office in a flurry of coats and briefcases with Nat hot on his heels and a haughty frown perched on her face. “Miserable, boring assholes.”
Tony had also done rather well for being bored out of his mind and had convinced a handsome man called T’Challa to join their party. Regardless to what Pepper thought, it was because the man was impressively intelligent, and not because Tony found him very fuckable.
He loves this man.
Steve looks up in alarm at Bucky’s horrified gasp.
“Thank fuck.”
Relief flashes through Steve’s eyes. He gulps and lifts his chin defiantly.
“Oh, this is bad.” Tony mutters and flings the newspaper down on his desk. Pepper looms over him with a face like thunder and crossed arms as her fingernails tap an explosive rhythm on her wrist.
“I won’t be offended if you don’t want this, or even chuck me out of the house,” Bucky starts and goosebumps begin to ravage Steve’s forearms. “But it might help.”
Tony throws his head back in exhilaration when Steve latches his mouth onto the fragile juncture between collarbone and neck- his teeth grazing promisingly down the planes of golden salt.
“You nearly died.” He croaks and more tears threaten to mirror Steve and spill over his lower lashes. “What did you expect me to look like?” Heartache squeezes at his chest so he takes a deep breath to compose himself. Steve notices and lets out a pained whine.
“Glad to see you back with us, Mr Rogers.” Dr Beech greets with a low voice. Steve just blinks at her and then back to Tony, who just smiles at Steve’s obvious confusion. “You’ve been in a coma for just over a week and you’ve had a few major surgeries so try to remain still for me, okay? I’m gonna need to ask you some questions.”
Steve turns back to him with a sigh and pushes his hands deep into his pockets. Defensiveness. Great.
“No one is as good as me.” She replies and arches her gaze up from Steve’s bandages pointedly, Tony masking his features with a blank smile. Steve bites back his urge to snort loudly.
“The Carter Memorial Hospital- I’m with Pep.”
The ICU was again, pretty empty. Only one room seemed to be filled, with a couple of people asleep next to the bed or standing around nervously. Dr Beech reminds them to be prepared, before pushing open a door marked with the number three.
“Hi Captain ‘Merica.” She almost-whispers like she was too afraid he was an apparition that would suddenly disappear. It takes Steve a moment to realise that’s
“When can we see him?” Tony croaks and the surgeon sighs sympathetically.
“I don’t know where it is.” His voice cracks so he clears his throat roughly. “Where are you?”
“I’m-”
A horrible, thick silence descends on the trio; the only audible sound being the monotonous tick of the analogue clock in the room. It’s clear that Matilda doesn’t really know what to say, judging by how quickly her eyes are darting between them like fireworks. After a few seconds of Steve digging his nails into his palms and Tony trying to swallow past the boulder in his oesophagus, she clears her throat determinedly.
“I’ll give Thor Odinson your best! I’ve heard that you two used to be… very close.”
She had pulled back to fix her gaze firmly on his; her eyes wet with hurt and red blotches dotted around her cheekbones.
“I’m okay,” Steve holds his hands up and nudges the other man. “I just want him to be okay too.”
“Oh, baby.” Tony whispers as his tears bubble to the surface again. He tiptoes forwards to graze his fingertips over Steve’s knuckles, not knowing whether he was too fragile to touch or not.
“I told Natasha to include it, Tony. The sponsors asked that it had to be a factor of the speech, apparently they wanted to do some PR damage control of their own.”
“Uh, no. Listen to me: this is not your fault.”
It was clearly a story to make Tony feel shitter than before, but also a story to warn him about further interactions with journalists. The awful thing about the whole situation, was that Tony didn’t regret voicing his exact thoughts to Fallon. He hated putting the party and Pepper through his mistakes- he knew Happy would’ve disapproved- but there was a huge part of Tony that rejoiced in getting Rogers back for his awful behaviour at Thor’s event.
“I’m a lucky man, Pep.”
Tony frowns and snorts slightly. “What, because she’s engaged to the old Captain America? That’s a bit narcissistic, don’t you think?”
Tony frowns. “You’ve gotta stop talking like it’s a done deal.”
“Nope, not your fault.”
Tony silences him with a single look as he nods once, vigorously. “I stand by what I said after the conference. We’ve got to sort ourselves out before we even touch the marriage.”
“I’m so sorry.”
“Vis-?” Nat stops halfway through her sentence and Tony looks up from his seatbelt in alarm. He follows Nat’s panicked gaze to his bodyguard’s face.
Tony races to the doors with Pepper hot on his heels and throws a thank you over his shoulder. The variety of patients sat in the main waiting room watch open mouthed as their new President runs past them covered in blood.
Rhodey pulls back and his posture immediately tenses at the sight of the broken body strapped into the bed.
“What in the actual hell, are you doing here?” Steve asks and claps Tony on the shoulder before he can drop his shopping in exhaustion. Standing face to face with the 6’2” blonde brick wall that broke his heart stirs too many painful memories for Tony to handle, so he settles with chuckling nervously and running a hand along the back of his own neck.
Have a brilliant week, and I'll be back very soon-
Even though they both slip into the same bed that night, their bodies were continents apart with heartache and confusion swirling into the Egyptian cotton sheets between them like cyanide. Insomnia crippled Tony into a state of hysterical worrying as his mind constantly spun into tornados of muddled thinking- nothing made sense, not one tableau projected into his head gave him answers.
“If I lose him, Pep…”
“Yeah,” Rhodey nods simultaneously and reaches forwards to brush his knuckles along Steve’s forearm. “Thank fuck.”
“No,” Tony whines in something that represents encouragement and lifts a hand to sweep away some collecting tears on Steve’s lower lashes. “Don’t say that. I’m okay, we’ll be okay…”
“I see you.” The younger man moves to cup Tony’s jaw with both hands and slide his thumbs up to his temples; the sunglasses perched on Tony’s face slide off with Steve’s fingers. Tony slips his eyes closed to catch the tears pooling in his lashes. “I just see you.”
“I love him Pep.”
With a predatory snarl, Tony stalks up to Steve in two long strides to jump towards his chest, legs winding around his waist. Steve’s arms immediately catch him and rest under his ass as they claim each other’s mouths with desperation. Steve bites down on Tony’s plump lower lip to demand entrance as Tony opens up pliantly. He licks into Tony’s mouth with a pleased groan; Tony’s palms sliding down his taut stomach and coming teasingly close to his waistband.
“Hey, no, it’s okay. Don’t do that, you’re okay.” Steve soothes but his voice keeps cracking with every emphasis and Tony’s heart breaks because he’s putting them through more shit… he was the cause of the trauma, again. Steve was the one who was shot, yet Tony was falling apart like the weak piece of shit Howard so lovingly reminded him he was every day since he could talk.
The blonde man had muscles that were bulging out of his suit. Yes, he had a blinding smile and oceanic eyes that seemed to look right into someone’s soul, but the stranger was toned and ripped simultaneously, and Tony was fidgety, drunk and horny.
Tony blinks.
Sensing that the conversation could lead the two volatile friends launching at each other in his car, Sam clears his throat and taps on the wheel nervously.
“Fuck, I handled this so wrong.”
Tony physically recoils into himself and Matilda turns her attention to him.
“Oh yeah,” Tony taps his finger to his chin sarcastically and makes a show of staring at the ceiling in thought. “Extortion charges wasn’t it?”
“You’ve slept with the majority of New York!” Tony yells back. Steve scoffs and rolls his eyes with a forced laugh.
Tony snorts and wills the hot flush of
“How’s he looking doc?” Tony enquires and shifts backwards to make room for Dr Beech to fuss over Steve with a stethoscope whilst his husband obediently patiently answers her questions and coughs when prompted; even though his diaphragm visibly shudders with the fragility of his healing ribs.
At this, Steve blanches and tries to swallow the huge ball of shock stuck at the base of his throat. Sam turns to blink at him in silent agreement and suddenly he doesn’t know how to respond.
Steve blinks at Tony in slow motion, his captivating blue eyes still melting into liquid every second.
The reason for Tony’s mess is sitting at the kitchen table when he gets back to the house, a laptop open in front of him, his shirt open collared and a half empty bottle of vodka acting as a paperweight and blaring like a siren on top of a folder.
“But then it isn’t fun anymore…” Tony forces himself to whine but nevertheless, mutters a quick ‘bye’ and hangs up; Pepper storming around the corner like a bulldozer. Except, it isn’t Pepper, but Nat who narrows her eyes mockingly at him.
Sam splutters a laugh as Steve sends daggers at his friends.
Tony had pressed his lips together with a shiver. “Oh god.”
, she deduces, and waits until Steve can breathe through his nose efficiently.
“You love me.” Tony mutters dumbly with wide eyes, pupils blown wide with disbelief. Steve’s mouth drops open in shock before he’s nodding vigorously and moving closer to the trembling man.
“You don’t mean that.” He whispers, his vision blurring. Tony hangs his head and laces his fingers behind his head in a protective gesture. Steve can’t breathe; the media storm was bad, but this… this- this was unbearable. “I won’t give up on you, I won’t.”
“You were a good fuck, Steve!” Tony yells at him and suddenly everything goes into slow motion. Steve snaps his head up hard enough to make his neck ache and takes in Tony- shuddering through hysterics- with wide eyes. “You made me forget Howard for a while and it felt good! You were my therapist, asshole, not my boyfriend!”
“No pal, me and Tony are golden, honestly. I think he’s just shaken up from that false alarm with the security after, you know, what happened at the tower.”
Tony sidles further around a corner to escape from a particularly rowdy looking bunch of young martyrs rallying past the quiet hallway. None of them spare Tony a single glance but his hackles rise all the same.
Surprisingly, Nat nods in understanding. “It’s like you’ve got too much to say, but when you open your mouth, neither of you can find the right words?”
Tony sighs with relief once he’s slammed the car door behind him. He takes a moment to just breathe and survey the clean atmosphere of upstate that was so different to the constant panic of New York. A blonde head pops up in the crowd and for a moment his heart squeezes at the thought that Steve was coming to find him. The person melts away again, leaving an empty pain to simmer through his blood. His fingers clench tightly around the wheel to ground his presence, and he inwardly makes a promise to never come to the countryside ever again.
“As the first openly LGBTQ+ President in US history…” he trails off, painfully aware that people were glancing slyly at each other in the audience. Did this really need to be said? “I will strive to present America as the welcoming and forward-thinking country I know it can be.”
He turns to find Steve’s sleep-warm, sated body curled up in the sheets with one hand fisted in the pillows like someone was going to rip them away. Tony reaches out to smooth a hand through his hair but thinks better of it and rolls over onto his back to count the shadows displayed on the ceiling; his heart lurching about in a storm under his ribs.
Clint’s expression immediately softens.
Tony immediately recognises the aftershave wafting from the person. It smells of pine and cinnamon and… home. Fuck.
“And how are you, Pr- Tony?”
Tony doesn’t miss the look that passes between Vision and Nat when their gazes meet and he wants to throw himself out of the car.
to, Steve, you chose to. You chose to leave me to pick up the pieces and keep everything going alone. You ran away to Ireland with your tail between your legs because it was the easy way out. Don’t you dare,” Tony spits, and puts down his basket to point his index finger in Steve’s face in anger. “Say that you had to. I didn’t force you to. We could’ve made the situation work.”
“I just-”
“Probably not, but it’s an option.”
“Fine. I’m not doing too hot after we had a faux security breach here recently. It brought back the fear from the shooting and I’m constantly scared.” He explains and folds his arms petulantly. Steve exhales sharply and looks away.
“Shitting hell,” Steve mutters, his hands gliding large circles over Tony’s shuddering back. “Fuck, sweetheart, take a deep breath for me.”
The shrill whine of his phone ringing makes him jump, his nerves settling into a fiery burn at being forced back into action. He assumes that it would be Rhodey, or Pepper’s Mom checking up on them, so reaches across to pick it up without giving it a second thought.
“Morgan’s got a speech prepared that she wants to say for her Daddy.” Pepper drops on him and
and that’s that.
“I’m really sorry.” Tony can’t help but say and Steve squeezes his eyes shut; drops his head to gently knock their foreheads together. It takes three seconds for the gut-wrenching, agonising sobs that Tony had held for so long to batter his broken body. Steve follows him embarrassingly soon after until they are two thirty-somethings in expensive suits holding each other on a lifeboat as the world rips them apart one particle at a time.
“Yeah? Well- oh, oh fuck…” Steve licks a long stripe up behind his ear. Tony’s trails off into a breathy moan before turning his head to explosively slot their lips together. “Let me show you just how much.”
“I’m really fucking sorry that the team, that
The thought of working with Steve in close proximity after telling him he wished he was dead causes Tony to feel incredibly sick. The thought of pretending that he didn’t love the other man so fiercely it ignited his fucking veins made him feel even worse.
“I’m fine thank you, Dr Banner.” She nods with a polite smile and Tony gestures to the door with a sigh.
Rogers picks up on the threat almost instantly and his smile darkens.
Tony whirls on his husband, his expression alarmingly thunderous, and jabs his fingers into Steve’s personal space with every snapped word: “Really? Because it really fucking seemed like I was to blame when you were dying in hospital after some gunmen tried to murder me because of my job, right?”
“She’s not gonna rifle through your thoughts and diagnose you mentally unstable on the spot, Steve.” Bucky continues with an eye roll. “Matilda listens to what you’re saying and she genuinely wants to help. It worked for me, for fucks sake. Me, Steve, the guy who doesn’t have feelings.”
“Then you should close your eyes.” He tells Steve hollowly with a firm nod. “Nothing about me is pretty.”
“Sounds good.” Steve replies after a few seconds and Matilda relaxes.
Complete astonishment wafts from the end of the phone as Rhodey listens in tense shock.
Tony nods in understanding and goes to turn to Vision with a fragile smile. He’d already expressed his gratitude to the team when his stomach hadn’t been somersaulting like a trapeze artist.
He trails off with a breathy exhale that has Steve gathering Tony’s forwards to his chest in order to press his lips against his hairline.
After that, the weeks blur into one. They talk utter shit about each other through the media, only to meet up in the evenings to fuck each other into heaven. It was a fair statement to say that Tony had never found such hatred and pleasure in one person.
Tony gags.
His breathing quickened with every word until his chest was heaving with caged sobs; the room spinning in patterns of sterile tiles until everything seemed dull at the edges. Pepper yanks the phone from his hand and places a comforting hand on the back of his neck as he shook through ragged heaves. She says something to Rhodey before hanging up and pressing closer to her friend to rest her temple on his shoulder.
“No!”
“You were shot,” Tony grumbles and crosses his arms over his suit defiantly. “Excuse me for being wary.”
“You do know you’ve managed to pick three of the most beautiful people in twenty-first century Hollywood?” Steve points out and taps the lid of his pen on the table. Bucky shrugs and points at Sam aggressively.
Steve punches his arm and calls him a cheeky bastard. The room starts to pulse with tedium as it radiates from every skeleton roaming around the vast space.
“Politics has ruined our relationship from the start.” Tony nods hoarsely and Steve can’t help but look away as his stomach drops. “I tried to put my career first when we first got together and when I received the Presidency-”
Tony doesn’t challenge him, and Steve’s expression drops further.
Out of nowhere, Steve came hobbling into the hallway on his crutches with a fear-stricken frown imprinted onto his face.
“Oh god, what?”
“Tony-”
Pepper just nods, not trusting herself to speak. She opens her arms and braces her torso when Morgan runs into them to climb onto her lap. “Good girl. Amazing work, baby.”
, Steve. What hope has Earth got, if I’m not there?”
He sounds shaky, but the conviction in his voice somehow causes a pattern of claps to echo throughout the room and a few people cheer. A quick glance to his left reveals Pepper smiling from ear to ear in the wings.
“I ruined every-everything.” Steve manages to get out through a particularly painful looking crying inhale that sends shudders through his shoulders.
Paramedic after paramedic sprint into the office and surround Steve with gloved hands and needles. One of them gently removes Tony’s hands from his body and softly pulls him away. Confused, Tony downright refuses and gallantly tries to get back to his husband.
Tony opens his eyes to flick them to the sky and will them to stop welling up. His throat constricts in a hot ball of fiery aching.
“I’ve gotta say,” Pepper murmurs and swishes her red Versace dress around her ankles like a Kate Bush music video. Tony sighs heavily into his champagne flute and wills his imminent death. “When you invited me to this evening, I wasn’t expecting… this.”
“You- you… look awful.”
He nods absent-mindedly. “Thank fuck they’re okay.”
“Thor certainly knows how to throw a party, but if there’s one thing about me, I never stop working.”
“Doesn’t matter.” Tony finishes for him but Steve clearly had a point to make.
“Well done, Morgan.” Steve basically whines and drags the back of his sleeve against his eyes. Tears pools against his lower lash line but he blinks them back with every facial muscle he has. “I know your Dad is real proud.”
Steve looked up at her in horror. He managed to both curl in on himself and scoot closer to Tony. Tony gave Darcy a wink and a 'I know, right?' look.
“Are you sure there was no explanation for his actions that would put your mind at ease?” Thor asked.  “Not to argue, but if it came down to putting food on your family’s table, many people would ignore their high-minded principles.”
“Finally, let’s all remember.  With or without the suit, I’m Iron Man.”
Captain Rogers was the next to approach him, once Natasha had let go.  He had a tentative look on his face, but a smile won out as he extended his hand.
“We hoped that he was with you,” Phillip said, eyeing the now-burning wreckage of the airship.  “Is it possible that he escaped before us?”
I'm not sure about this chapter, but I wanted Rhodey and Sam to have a voice as well.
“Like what?” Steve asked.  He sat down again.
Sorry that it's been so long.  It's not abandoned by any means.  I've just been swamped and have had a hard time concentrating.  So here are two chapters as thanks for your patience :)
“Do you know much about computers, Captain?” Samson asked.  Steve shrugged.  “It’s an imperfect metaphor in this case, but until you all acquire both neuroscience and psychiatry degrees, this is the best I can come up with,” Samson said.
“You are asking me to lie,” T’Challa said.
None of the others would really get it, though Natasha probably came closest.  Steve just saw his friend.  Sam saw a way to help Steve.  Wanda saw a way out.  Clint, well, he got it.  He understood what it was like to be a tool.  To be used against others.  He knew what recovery from something like that should look like, even if it was because his own hadn’t.
The peace was interrupted by the doors to the cell antechamber sliding open.  King T’Challa walked in, without his normal retinue.  Captain Rogers stood, walking to the reinforced glass wall that separated them.
But while he did agree that the Accords were dangerous, he was not best pleased with how his idol had handled things.  When trying to convince the world that you didn’t need oversight to keep you from running off half-cocked and making things worse, perhaps you should, for example, not run off half-cocked and make things worse.  While he could appreciate Captain Rogers’ sense of loyalty to his oldest friend, he had played directly into Thunderbolt Ross’ hands.  The fact that Stark, Rhodes, Romanov, and Vision had signed the document and stood up against their former teammates was probably the only reason that anyone in power still gave any credence to the thought that enhanced individuals shouldn’t all be locked up.
“Who is we?” Steven asked.
Even her son rolled his eyes.
“And so we are here to find these villains,” Thor finished. “Not only to find Loki, but because we believe they have nefarious purpose.”
Everyone but Tony headed to the cargo area of the gondola.  It was packed full of crates, which according to Tony was the reason that they had been able to catch up to the ship, even with such a large lead.  The crates were arranged in a methodical manner, with a main aisle running lengthwise down the center of the airship.  A large ladder was affixed to a hole in the ceiling, allowing quick access to the upper area.  They avoided it for the moment.
“Ladies and gentlemen, honored delegates, and members of the press.  I am here to present more information surrounding the inception of the Accords, and their misuse and abuse with respect to the events in Vienna and Leipzig.”
“Marie says that she saw the cart pulling up outside of Les Danaïdes,” Hogun explained.  He gestured to the map.  “Here, near the Louvre, at 19 Rue de Richelieu.”  Sif, Fandral, and Volstagg all raised their eyebrows.
“Who is going,” Bucky asked.
“Very well.  Then there is one more task we need to take care of,” T’Challa said.  “It would be a good idea to approach this from a variety of paths.  Someone has to alert Stark and the other Avengers.  I’m sure with the bombing, they know that someone is after them, too.  I can give them what we have, and let Stark set his AI on them.”
"Your sketches.  They're quite good," the man said.
The search for Loki continues without the wayward engineer.
“We are going to follow that ship,” Tony said.  His tone was simple and matter-of-fact.
Steven looked at Bucky and shrugged at his friend’s questioning glance.
The other two men were introduced as Fandral and Hogun, and Thor embraced them as brothers as well. When he winced at Volstagg’s clap on his shoulder, they all frowned at their friend.
“Will miracles never cease?” T’Challa said, unwinding himself from his meditative pose.  “So what do you plan to do about it?”
“Clint, you’re all pissed off that I had Wanda confined to the compound?  Well, did you bother to wonder why?  Because you surely never called me to ask.  Friday, pull up the video,” Tony said.  He stood up and began pacing around the table.  Footage of a masked protest hovered above the table.  Some of the individuals held signs that said ‘Burn the Witch’.  An effigy of a woman dressed in red hung from a noose.
“Well, she slept with him and then he couldn’t remember her name,” Natasha explained, with a smirk.  “She really didn’t like that.”
Parker, M>Designation-Guest:  “I will eventually be able to go home, right?  I need for people to take me seriously, not call me a bimbo.”
“What can we do in the meantime?” Thor asked.
“I warned you that this plan might have unintended repercussions,” T’Challa said.
"Are you interested in mechanics?" Lady Frigga asked.
I can honestly say that I’ve never been more proud of anyone than I am of you right now.  Big Green is jumping for joy.  He says to tell you ‘Tin Man is Hulk’s favorite.’  If you have any specific requests for souvenirs from Asia, now is the time to tell me.  Hulk and I are craving schwarma.
"Hey, look! Me on a pair of crotchless panties. Can’t say that I’m surprised."
“You are too kind,” Steven said, taking out his notebook and pencil.  He remembered Lady Oxford from her visit to the Borson’s.  Her husband looked to be just about as friendly.
Because sometimes the truth hurts.
"Of course you will join us," Loki said.  "Thor's Father will be in his glories.  The entire museum staff is acting as if they uncovered the answers of the ages."
“Then so be it,” she had said.  “I will not hide behind you all any longer.  I’ve let you all act as my shield against those I have wronged.  I need to stop.”  And with that, she had left to gather her things.
“I agree with Colonel Rhodes,” Vision said, surveying the room.  U.N. security forces did not do much good in Vienna.  What makes you think this will be any better?”
“I do.  And I owe him,” Tony said.  “When I asked him to trust me when we were creating Vision, he could have walked away.  Hell, any of the others would have walked away.  But he trusted me to get it right.  He placed his faith in me, and he hasn’t given me any reason to regret it.  He deserves the same from me.”
"How about this?  Thor and I will finish this section of the exhibits, and we'll stop by and pick you up once you've completed your sketch?" Loki said.  "Now, I really won't hear any excuses.  You are just too intriguing to let get away."  He rubbed his hands together in glee.
Tony set his tablet down on the breakfast table.  He had spent all night going over government contracts, and he was ready to stab his eyes out with a spork.  The leaps he had made in medical tech from his work on Rhodey’s new exoskeleton would do wonders for returning vets and others who found themselves in those circumstances.  His main focus was to keep the costs low enough that insurance would cover them, but really, in the end, he’d eat the costs himself if it helped wounded soldiers and kids.
Steve’s head jerked up. "Holy mother of—"
"I just want to go on record as saying I don’t want to discuss Stark and women’s underwear in any way, shape, form or fashion," Clint added, following on his partner’s heels. He stopped behind Tony to look at the screen. "THOR! Come in here! You have to see this," Clint yelled.
A rather imposing woman walked into the room, followed by a young man in very fashionable clothing.  Lady Frigga rose, and curtsied.
Steven and Bucky wore what passed as evening dress back in New York, but Steven felt dowdier than the servants.  Loki and Thor assured him that no one would think anything of it, but he caught the sidelong glances from several of the women in attendance.
"For Thor' mother," he explained.  "The Borsons don't have the extensive gardens that they once did.  I try to bring her flowers whenever I visit."
Every picture, every video showed a Tony Stark who was vastly different from the gleeful badass who had delighted in mocking everything and everyone around him.  No, that Tony Stark had been replaced by a grim-faced tech titan, flanked at every moment by Colonel Rhodes and Vision.  The remaining Avengers stood guard over Tony like guardian, warrior angels.  Steve could see the change in Rhodey’s gait, and the faint bulge under his pants legs that were most likely an exoskeleton.  And he noticed the watch that was a War Machine twin to the red and gold watch that Tony wore.  They were never less than vigilant and never unarmed.
He departed to his friends’ laughter.  He dodged around a group of middle-aged wives and re-entered the small exhibition room.  He found two of the curators discussing the tablets in question with a third man, an obviously wealthy patron.  One of the curators had unlocked the iron cage in which the tablet resided, and removed it to a small table.  The other was pointing out notable features, even going so far as to flip it on its back to show more markings.
“I can do better than that,” Steven said. He took his sketchbook from his coat. He had made a rough drawing of the ship that morning, trying to capture as much detail as possible. He tore the page from his book and handed it to Hogun.
Tony was starting to get a little offended on Steve’s behalf. He certainly wasn't offended on his own behalf because hello? She had a point.
“They’re my family,” Clint said.  His head hung low, and the bite was gone from his voice.
“So we’re letting Bruce into the clubhouse?” Rhodey asked.  “Are you sure about that?  He might not have taken up arms, but do you really think he would have been on our side?”
Everyone at the table had a look of horror on their face.  Steve stood up, certain that he was about to have to make a run for the nearest bathroom.  He really shouldn’t have eaten a large breakfast.
"This little fellow is from a site in Essex," Loki said, holding up a small golden bauble, inlaid with colored stones.  "The gentlemen who sold it to me said that it is part of a sword scabbard."
“They were not completely wrong, though.  What I have learned is that some of the parties to these Accords were looking for a group of attack dogs on a leash, a way to legitimize their power plays with no regards to the people involved.”
“Are you actively trying to make the situation worse?” he asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oooh, you're a Yank," Loki said, a gleam in his eye.
“So what is your solution?”
Lady Frigga's smile dimmed.  "He is with his father, taking care of some business," she explained.  "They should return soon."
“What?  Why?” Captain Rogers asked.  His eyebrows were drawn together in what seemed like concern.  His jaw clenched.  Interesting.
For some reason Loki was represented as well. "Huh. Loki’s face on a pair of green thermal underwear. Must be the frost giant thing?" Tony mused.
“That the man was a confidence artist,” Thor said, with a shrug.  “And not worthy of your time.  Don’t let him ruin your evening.  As soon as Loki is done with his tablets and scrolls, we can leave.”
“He’s over there taking advantage of some new person,” Steven protested.  “I cannot in good conscience allow that to happen.”
"Will you tell them beforehand?" Jarvis asked.
Tony stopped to take a sip of water, and let his last statement sink in.
"Trust me, he wasn’t running away from accountability,” Tony assured him.  “From his perspective, he was carrying a live nuclear warhead out of a population center.  It’s his ultimate version of accountability.  You have to understand that Bruce, well…”
"Steve, you know you’re not allowed on Etsy without adult supervision," he said. After the whole deal with Darcy and the link to the red, white and blue glass dildo, they had decided as a team to forbid Steve from the site. Safe search could only do so much, and no one wanted to see how the super soldier serum stood up to heart attacks.
No wonder Tony is wary of them.
Steve pulled on his cowl before slapping on his helmet.
Maria Hill “Sir.”
Later, the pain inside of him swelled up like rising dough, until he felt like it was choking him.
That was the Ace in the hole Fury had on Tony. And there wasn’t a single moment Tony believed Fury wouldn’t use it against him. He trusted the guy as far as he could throw him. If the video ever got out of public it would risk everything Tony fought for!
“Mr. Stark, please. He is just a baby,” Tony could hear Jarvis pleaded.
“Does Loki need a specific kind of power source?” Steve desperately needed Tony's attention.
Spurred into action, Steve quickly prevented a second shot by launching his shield at him; it clanged off Loki's armor and ricocheted back. Steve charged, his shield slipping back on his arm as his punch connected with Loki’s jaw causing his head to snap to the side.
The strong disapproval tone of the Alpha made his stomach churned. It irritated Tony, he was not going to let the bond or fucking Rogers told him what appropriate or not.
“Stark, we’re losing altitude.” Fury’s voice hailed through the HUD.
He and the other Avengers helped out the midtown clean-up efforts. Tony complained but they all knew he was glad to help. It was hard but fun. It was days after they finished helping out that pained him. Without anything to take his mind of everything he had lost, he easily fell back into his depression.
