Steve felt conflicted. But when he'd first woken up Phil had always been the voice of reason. He'd been grounding and calming and he'd facilitated so much of his recovery. Steve trusted him. And he knew he only had Clint's best interests at heart. Steve let out a ragged breath. "I won't tell them, Phil. I swear."
"No worries," George waved it off. "Wish someone had done the same for me."
and you were
Tony grabbed a dishrag and wiped his hands, but it didn't do much good.  "Yeah, SNL's the funny one.  Or at least, it
"...geez, seriously, how loud is that television?  Is Clint deaf or something?" asked Tony, oblivious to the water he was dripping all over the floor.
...but then there was the race tomorrow.  Brilliant.
"He'll heal," said the soldier brusquely.  Certainly, the soldier had been stabbed through the hand on a number of occasions.  It was no big deal.  It was just something that happened occasionally on missions.
"Rabbit," he translated.  Tony and Sam looked lost.
Steve had had no idea this here but something in his chest warmed at the thought that Tony had bothered to have this all put in. It was hardly a simple route outside but it was a lot quicker than the walk all the way down.
"Okay," said Tony, taking Steve's hand and giving it a squeeze.  They followed Eric and Piper through the hotel lobby toward another suite.
"Tony.  Look at me.  Remember to take serotonin or you'll end up with one of those awful hangovers.  And try to drink at least one more bottle of water before bed."
Steve leaned in the door.
"What, you never saw a dick before?" asked Tony.  He looked over at Phil's nest. "Jesus, Coulson, did you tear up my entire fucking house?"  Phil looked pained. "Nice nest," he added, realizing that, to an omega, such an enterprise was on par with a maestro's opera.  Phil beamed at the compliment, his eyes still flitting from Steve to Tony. Clearly he was in a personal heaven: a barely-clothed Captain America and a completely naked Alpha.
Tony and Sam found the stairwell.  It was empty. Poured concrete with a thin metal railing, it had the cavernous, echoing feeling of an industrial shaft.  It was not especially friendly.
"You mean the one in Tijuana in the eighties?  Do you trust that, 100%?"
"Hi Aunt Peggy," said Tony awkwardly.
"They're doing everything they can, Banksy," Donner reassured him.
"Oh," said Tony, examining the martini.  "Well... get me a double-double then.  Chop-chop, double-double."  He went back to adjusting the gauntlet.  His plan was to get good and drunk and sleep away the rest of the flight.  Until he passed out, though, he was pretty sure he could get the gear-shift problem fixed.
, I just had surgery last Thursday.  I had a hernia."
So far, there was not a single indication that Jarvis had even been a part of Howard Stark's life.  Jarvis was probably the man behind the camera, always on the periphery of his life.
No.  No.  No.  Tony was
The drive to the hospital felt strange. He knew Boswell was old, but he couldn't stop thinking about... about this being Tony one day. Steve knew it was selfish, he should be thinking of Banksy right now, but--
Karpov had a radio clipped to his belt and an old Klashnikov slung over his shoulder and had donned his beret; he looked ready for a fight.  The soldier learned why quickly; the radio was chattering away, static-y voices declaring that Base 23 was compromised.
Tony threw back the drink obediently without breaking from his pacing and handed her the empty glass wordlessly.  He couldn't calm down.  The ticking time bomb in his chest... the thing with Vanko... Steve hurt, probably because of him... and on top of all that, there was something else... something wrong... Tony wasn't sure what but it made him feel jittery and anxious.  He wanted to hit someone.  Hit someone
"Phew, okay... let's get this show on the road," said Tony, throwing it aside and walking into the garage.  "Steve, go get me... let's see... I need... okay, I think i have some old fiber cables I can repurpose somewhere around here...  I'm gonna need a sledge hammer, that wall over there will need to come out... we'll need all the jennies up and running to do this, so I'll put a hole here, and here..."  Tony's mind had already begun building; he gestured madly around the garage, his inner eye seeing the finished project, unconcerned with the amount of destruction he was going to need to do to his house.  You had to crack eggs to make omelettes.  Tony liked cracking eggs.
"Well, maybe I'm entitled to a pain attack.  My work is compromised and I can't go down to the shop and my mate is bonded to another Alpha who can apparently hijack his brain and try to kill me."
"Aren't
Tony clung to Steve's body and followed her and the others out of the cargo hold into the sharp, hazy sunlight of a hot Yemen afternoon.
He found Banksy and Tony back where he'd left them. "Well?" Banksy looked up.
"A surprise for who?" asked Steve.
"Nope," said Tony.
Steve looked a little sheepish when he noticed the headboard too... oops?  Right when he thought he was used to his own strength, he ended up breaking something.
"Why am I smelling coffee?" he asked, feeling a lot calmer.  The hair on his neck was finally flattening. Obviously due to Pepper's calming presence.
"I bet he eats
After all, Steve was America's golden boy. Their sweetheart. Logically, after bonding (ha, someone should have told Bucky that) it was normal for the couple to copulate a
"--we
"Pepper!"  His voice was high-pitched and frantic.  "How normal is aggression during heats?"
"Yeah. I'll find one," Steve yawned and lifted his head up a little wearily to offer her a faint smile. It was late evening, probably a little late for Peggy to stay up. Steve didn't want to make her sick. "Can I come back tomorrow?" He asked.
picture for the front. He looked happy in it. It was nice.
"You're a
"We've got this- you know that, right?" Steve whispered and pressed a kiss to the side of Tony's neck as he felt the nervousness bubbling up in his mate's chest. He squeezed his hand back and then pulled away.  "Give me one sec."
"Waffles and coffee?   Forget that, wake me up with a blowjob," replied Tony, giving Steve's ass a slap.  He scurried away before Steve could retaliate, knocking over an orchid and cackling as he ran up the stairs.
"Tony..." Steve sighed fondly and went to set the food down by the bedside, the bacon shiny with syrup. He sat down on Tony's edge of the bed and reached over, tucking a loose strand of hair away from his face. Tony always got spectacular bed hair; it was strange and intimate seeing him so unpolished at times. "It's okay. We have time." He murmured and drew his fingers down across Tony's cheek almost as if he was making an effort to remember it. Then he seemed to realize what he was doing and drew his hand back.  "But you oughta eat now. Don't want it to get cold.  Hey, and there's coffee, too." Steve said, looking over at the tray briefly before back to Tony. Who still looked utterly dead to the word. "You know... you don't have to come on this if you don't want to, right?"
"That's Tony Stark," said one of the students nearby, a girl of about fourteen, who was filing her nails and looking bored.
"Literally nothing?" Steve echoed, blue eyes bright with mischief and voice deceptively soft. "Well then, I guess won't bother trying...but I did have an idea in mind," he hummed and pulled away, feigning seriousness just to wind him as he walked into the wardrobe, dropping the towel as he went. He grabbed the clothes him and Aria had agreed on earlier - black jeans, a white shirt, navy blue waistcoat and a tie to match. The tie was
Steve put a hand over the microphone so Clint wouldn't hear him speak. "Clint and Natasha are my friends. Not just Avengers. I'm not quitting my team; just my boss." Steve pointed out and reached a hand over Tony's shoulder, slowly shutting the fridge door. He'd made them closer in the process, their noses almost touching. "When I woke up and I had nothing I still had Nat and Clint," he said, voice a touch gentler.
cooler this way."
Tony pushed Steve's shirt up, his fingers dancing over Steve's stomach.
"We haven't seen much from you, Mr. Stark.  You've been fairly reclusive since the last couple of... mishaps."
The asset had a yellow ball he was rolling idly back and forth on the bench's surface next to him.  Its rubber surface was smooth against his palm.
"How's February...?"
Sitwell frowned at Steve's refusal, but still looked like he was mulling over the idea of the simulator unlocking or opening up bonds.  Making minds more accessible.
"Oh, come on, Laura, it's Steve.  He's practically family," said Clint, who was still bouncing Lila and trying to get her to calm down.  She looked like she couldn't even remember why she was upset.
nuts," joked Tony, tracing Steve's jaw, searching for the downy hint of his beard.
of them.
?" asked Bucky, who could hear a female voice in the background.
He hadn't known.  God help him, he hadn't known.
"-I just want to know I'm your only Alpha.
"I'm more concerned about HYDRA using this to have an exact location on Ironman and Captain America."
"Because if they find out, they will
"Sometimes they even get mated," Hal whispered conspiratorially.
Y'all ready for an emotional roller-coaster?  Steve sure isn't.  The next 4 or so chapters are going to be a trip and we, the authors, make no apologies for that.  Cliff-hangers will abound.  Enjoy.  - T
"I don't know, Tony."
"It's forced you don't want it," Steve said and half-rolled his eyes. He reached up to curl his fingers over Tony's hand. "I know what you want Tony. I can
"Rogers... if you think I'm going to say
"Yeah, but there's a few stops I want to make first," Steve breathed.
"Tony, I got this.  I'm still the liaison for Stark Industries.  And SHIELD is handling Steve.  You need to take it easy."
"We shouldn't go for twelve hours again. That was too much," Steve tried to say, too out of it to notice how Tony seemed to hesitate for a second and perhaps even disappear. Steve felt sympathy pain for his headache but that was normal in heats, when your body wanted to mate but you didn't.
Steve's voice was asking for a progress report.
"It's fine, Steve's driving," said Tony, who didn't seem to appreciate that even the bartender looked a little off-put by his downing two margaritas in less than five minutes.
Tony shook his head.  "You take the bed, Steve.  You heard the doc, you need your beauty sleep."  He stifled a yawn, then said, glibly, "if we're both so terrible then I guess we're a good match, huh?"  He gave Steve a hesitant smile.
-" Steve's voice was breaking as Kate slammed the door behind them. It hurt so much- because he
"Stevie, so help me God, if you make us late, I'll find a way to make you skinny again.  Rise and shine! You can't lay on that couch all day. Now, come on, I gotta girl to meet, you're gonna make me look bad."
The three of them weren't clear on their next steps, but all agreed they needed to get out of the middle east and to the United States of America, where Steve and Stark were.  This was a surprisingly easy task. They waltzed through airports, showing envelopes with the word "BOARDING PASS" written on them in black marker, and with Wanda's help, agents smiled vapidly and let them board planes, thinking everything was fine.  She made them see passports where there were none, and when Bucky let off the metal detectors, she stepped in and the agent waved him through without even a cursory pat-down.
"I've heard of a guy named Selvig," said Tony, tenting his fingers and swiveling in his chair. "He's an astrophysicist.  He's from Culver.  Culver turns out some the best, most brilliant, most hilarious unstable whackjobs you've ever seen.  They had Banner, too, before
"It's not nice to turn me off," he said, well aware she'd cut communication to and from the jet on the ride over.  "...I'd much rather be... turned on." He grinned and winked.
Steve managed not to sound angry. If anything his tone was oddly empty.
Tony dragged over a gauntlet, half-open, and began moving the internal wires around.  It felt good to be back in the lab, back at work, back with his tools. Tony worked in silence for about ten minutes, but then thoughts of Donner began to creep into his mind, and so he had JARVIS turn on some music, and turned the volume all the way up.  His bond was quiet; Steve, he suspect, was asleep.
"We didn't
"Gleason! Maybe hold off on Steve's third sedative," Maria said, phone still pressed to her ear.  Steve was muttering something in Russian incoherently. He clearly wasn't going to be much use in a fight either way.
"Agent Rumlow, this is Nick Fury, director of SHIELD.  Mr. Pierce directed me to you. I just wanted confirmation that you were not currently involved in any operatives in the last 48 hours."
... Tony felt a lump in his throat, felt a rush of affection for the man.  And with it, an intense desire to protect him, guard him, take him,
see my family the rest of the year, because of
Tony would have to tread lightly.  He couldn't stand the idea of giving up Steve, but he wasn't going to let himself get taken advantage of, either.  Learning to trust Steve at all was going to be an arduous, uphill process and the only reason Tony was embarking on it at all was that he felt he had no choice.  Life without Steve was an abyss.  Even since they'd paired, Tony was unable to untangle his emotions.  He loved Steve. He wanted Steve. No matter what happened, he still needed him: deeply, desperately, hopelessly.
"Er...not really."
?  It's by Black Sabbath.  They're a band?  You might like it.  The lyrics anyway, I don't know about the style.  The lyrics are about what you said, about people romanticizing war.  That was the first song I ever learned to play.  We can listen to their album in the car;
Tony hummed in agreement and interest.  He was a fan of Bacardi. "So China's the heir to the Bacardi fortune?"
Steve grabbed towels before he headed outside to find Tony still in the pool. "Are you ready to come out yet?"
In a smaller meeting room, Tony looked down at his text, then did a double- take.  Hammer? ...
," Steve read out and raised a brow at Tony bemusedly. "Is the cookie threatening me?" he asked good-naturedly. "Kinda feels like it is."
"Steve." He heard Natasha give a long, defeated sigh. "You need to get out of the hotel. I'm more worried about Tony than you. Bucky will probably try and kill him." A chill ran down Steve's spine.
, I would think you were propositioning me."  His voice grew a little more serious. "Of course, you don't have any other real bargaining chips right now, do you?  Your unfortunate little stunt looks like it's going to shut down quite a few schools owned by Trinity Corp., which, I'm sure I don't need to tell you, I had ample amounts of money invested in.  This is a very unfortunate turn of events for me, this unpleasantness with all the schools you're shutting down. And here I thought you'd behave, considering how generously we let you and your mate go overseas for your anniversary, and how lightly we decommissioned you.  You realize, of course, that you're still partially government property, and we didn't have to let you go at all. But
"It's good tears. I promise," Steve reached up to rub at his eyes. "It's-- it's good tears." He sniffed. "Promise."
"I think it was from the end of the honeymoon," Steve whispered. "That time on the desk."
"You know they're treating you like a performing monkey?" he asked coldly, looking at the kid.
Banksy introduced Danielle McDavid ("head of Status Alliance and one of my best friends") and the interview glided on.  Banksy plucked off Tony's Santa hat (Tony saw Jeanette, offstage, cringe, and he knew that his hair was probably a mess) and plopped it on Boswell's head, prompting audience hysterics and a good-natured groan from Boswell, who agreed to wear it "only because it means so much to you, Tommy."
Because of the sheer size of Tony's home, the search was taking a while.  Tony kept checking his watch impatiently; he was tired and drunk and in pain and wanted nothing more than to collapse into bed.
"You're here to take away my omega!"
"Didn't even know they were a thing," he admitted quietly. "Didn't exist back in my day." Steve traced the pad of his thumb over the bump of his collarbone. Steve sighed and let his eyes slip back shut.
"There.  I'm up," said Tony grumpily.  He pointed to Steve. "I bet Banksy doesn't boss around Boswell like this."  He'd been hoping Steve would use his "powers of persuasion" to issue an order sexier than "get out of bed," but he also knew this interview was important to Steve and despite his general orneriness, he did actually care about the interview.  It would be the first one they ever gave side by side, unless you counted the announcement at the expo. But Tony didn't like to admit when things mattered to him. He'd avoided telling Steve his trepidation about Christmas. Tony had a tradition; every year he and Pepper went up the lodge on Christmas eve.
Rhodes was an Alpha and a lieutenant colonel; he walked up to Steve, exuding dominance, and barked, "
"...but they've already been bonded."
"We think it would be best if you came to see him now.  He's awake and he's very comfortable, but--"
"If they enjoy it, isn't that what matters?"
"I just don't want him to miss it," said Tony.  "...boy, Malick is gonna lose his fuckin' mind. You better warn Fury," said Tony.
Phil hung up.
Pietro nodded to her, then looked over at the sniper.  He was far away, but had already stopped and was staring at them.
Steve was totally taken by surprise at Tony wearing the pin. He'd never even thought about the fact that, whilst he wasn't allowed to make this about status, Tony could. His chest warmed and he walked over to kiss him on the cheek only to have Pepper reach out and smear the foundation off his mouth with the same sort of sigh his mother used to give him when he came back home covered in mud. "I love it, really," Steve told him and turned around to find Aria pushing a glass of juice into his hand.
"Although... if they do walk out, everyone will know it was me. So we should probably get out of there too," Steve pointed out. "We don't want a room of angry Alphas on our asses."
The idea of facing the omega who had humiliated him, emasculated him, was unbearable.  Tony wondered, vaguely, if maybe this was part of Steve's big omega rights campaign.  Acting like bonding was no big deal.
"Yeah, a break sounds good," agreed Tony as he missed the ball and JARVIS flashed "I WIN" across the screen at him.
He pulled a face in the mirror, sticking out his tongue in concentration as he tried to fix his hair. "Can you get this right? I don't know what it's trying to do today..."
"The way people look at this relationship worries me." Tiberius admitted. "Because of Tony's... past."
Something warmed in Steve's chest. He nodded and leaned over to kiss Donner's forehead in an act of tenderness that surprised himself before he pulled away, still holding Tony's hand, leaving his cousin and the baby to spend the rest of the night in peace and quiet.
Tony nodded, once; better than nothing.  "Okay.  Okay, good.  Where's my jack hammer?  I gotta build a super collider.  Start up a new project file, index it under Particle Accelerator, use my private server.  Can you get into CERN and yank their blueprints?  I need that, but it's gotta fit in the house.  But we can knock down some walls, we're in remodel mode--"
"I can't deal with this roller-coaster with you. Suddenly you care, then suddenly you ignore me for two months and kick me out of my own home."
...Steve blinked in the bright light shining out of the other man's chest, startled by it.  The man looked middle aged. The light in his chest was strange; Steve didn't understand it but he was grateful for the light.
"You seen the news yet?"
Yes, he remembered that.  That man had worked for the Treasury.  He had been an omega with blue eyes. Killing him had made Bucky feel... something.  He had given his mission report with a crack in his voice that had earned him a re-training session in the chair.  Afterwards, he had remembered the numbness in the tips of his fingers, the smell of burning hair, the penlight being shined into his eyes.
He noted a drop of blood trickling down the blond's arm.
"Baron, Colonel, a pleasure... Mr. Pierce, please take a seat... is this the asset?"
"She's a degenerate?" asked Steve, even more confused.
. He could have done so much and all I can think about is, what if Bucky had told me I should stop trying to get enlisted?  And what if I had listened? Then I wouldn't even be here.  Bucky was a jerk sometimes but he always encouraged me, even when the things I was doing were impossible.  He always encouraged me.  But if he hadn't then I couldn't've-- I just can't--"
"Doug," Tony corrected him sharply.
suit to make sure Tony doesn't put a toe out of line."
The waiter brought it and set in front of him before setting Tony's dessert down before him.
He was trying not to think over what had just happened but it was inevitable.  He and Steve were bonded, but he was still embarrassed and disgusted by everything Steve had just seen.  His father, drinking at 9 am, and the omega he'd grown up with, never meeting his eyes, calling him "sir," being casually bossed around by the family.  In a way, almost, that was worse.  Steve knew he'd been a POW, knew he'd spent three months in a cave, and could probably guess at everything that had happened to him there.  But Tony had never communicated all the minutiae, and it was that that bothered him.  He'd never shared Yinsen with anyone.  It just felt too personal.
.  He turned that word over and over and over and over in his head.  The way it had dropped from those lips.  It carried the same impact as
Afghanistan had changed on that.  War wasn't noble or fun.  War was ugly and brutal and Tony wanted nothing to do with it.  Seeing all this old stuff of his father's made him feel sick, because clearly, Howard had never learned what Tony had.  He had gone to the grave with a idealistic impression of war, that it was somehow honorable and sporting and that his weapons were only a force of good in the world, and that if they were ever used otherwise, well, by golly, it was hardly
in itself. It almost felt like he was watching Tony kiss someone else and it was made even more awkward by the fact that Tony wasn't enjoying doing it. Tony's own uncomfortableness was palpable. But Steve was horrified because he understood.  He didn't need DeSoto to explain anymore. He got it.
Banksy curled over, his head leaning against Steve's shoulder. "I just... I don't know what to do now. There's this hole. And I've got nothing to fill it with. I'm beginning to understand why Donner wanted to go back to him, even though Gideon is such an ass." He sipped at more of his wine. "It's feels like I've lost a limb. Like a part of me has been... amputated."
Steve hadn't seen Howard Stark in over seventy years, but there he was, in the flesh, looking exasperated in a friendly kind of way.
Joan had sidled up to Steve and was blushing madly.  "Can I feel your biceps?" she asked. She and Maria both touched Steve's arms, giggling like schoolgirls even though they were closer to Tony's age than Steve's.
"Gleason!" Maria snapped. "
The only real thing he could say he was happy about was the knowledge that he was going to go out in a blaze of avenging glory.  The fuckers had no idea what he was planning.  He was going to burn this whole god-forsaken hellhole to the ground, cleanse it with fire.  They wouldn't know what hit him.  They thought he'd been broken, and in a way, he had been.  But he had every intention of bringing them all down with him.
Steve cried out at the bite mark. It felt good but it burned, God it burned. He was shaking. Steve's neck throbbed with a pain he'd never felt before. "Bucky.
the feeling of something metal against my neck. I just
"--no sneaking out, no business, remember, this is a
"How much does he pay you?" asked Aria incredulously.
said the guy with glasses.
Steve wasn't a natural liar. It had taken a month of intense training from Natasha for Fury to even consider him for the job in the first place. She'd taught him how to lie and deceive-- how to use his
chance of impregnation because, if you look at the cloaca again, you'll see it curves up dorsally.  Gravity is pulling all that junk down. You squirt up, and omega's hole is facing down, and now you've ruined your bedsheets!  Which is why, if you're really trying, here's what
When he entered, he saw Steve first, and the man with the eyepatch second.
"I, uh, I still feel capable of performing my duties," he added.  He rubbed his left arm; there was an itch in the crook of his elbow.  He rolled up his sleeve to scratch it.  There were old scars, needle marks everywhere.  Buck looked down at them.
"They're already going insane." Steve waved a hand. "Maybe we can finally give them something worth talking about."
He saw Tony half awake in bed when he returned and slipped back under the covers, leaving a plate with the rest of the pastries on the bedside table. Steve curled back up next to him, not wanting to be anywhere else for the rest of the day and night. He'd figured they'd earned an almost 12 hour sleep in all honesty. The serum gave him so much energy. But when he crashed, he
He went back down the hall to the elevator to go back to his room, wondering what kind of auction it was and where it would be held and, perhaps most of all, how the hell it was legal.  Perhaps it wasn't.
Tony let Steve pull him down; his ankle was throbbing again.  An arm instinctively went around Steve's waist; the two of them sat there on the couch, staring at the jungle of flowers in front of them.
Tony waited for Steve to undress (with his usual military speed and precision) and kneel again before he touched him.  Another soft hand down the neck, over his mark, down Steve's spine. Steve's skin twitched in response but his posture remained perfect.
"Yes.  Clint is mostly deaf."
There was another rush of air behind them. Steve twisted around. "Who's there?!" He called out. "I know you're there!"
he doing?  He wasn't sure.  "I thought... never mind.  I... I was... trying to find Rogers."  Tony was suddenly feeling a lot more energetic.
"I'm honestly doing good. I'm fine." And he meant it. Spending a day with Clint and Natasha... and Laura... it had been amazing, exactly what he'd needed.
Steve trailed his fingers over a few of them and felt a sudden urge to draw them.  They were geometrically fascinating.
Tony took a step forward as well.  He and Justin were nearly touching, their faces less than a foot away from each other.
, he thought with irritation.  The idea of his brain being hijacked by his hormones frustrated him.  He'd always sort of thought bonding was stupid and here he was, a complete sucker, falling over backwards to forgive an omega who'd been nothing but trouble and also happened to have the most gorgeous sparkling sapphire eyes that Tony could get lost in for hours.
"They got Johnson, Coulson, and Hill, they're down."
"Which is what it's supposed to do."
Steve reached out for Tony's hand just as George was putting on his 'Alpha' voice.
"No, no, I swear, I won't leave you alone, you're home, Steve, you're home in Malibu, not Kunar," babbled Tony.
"I didn't mean to. I didn't mean to upset him. Please. I didn't...I didn't want to hurt him. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry, Tony. I'm sorry I'm not good enough. Please. I'll be better. I'll be better." Steve's shoulders shook and he screwed his eyes shut to stop himself from crying. He was shaking under Pepper's touch. It was comforting to an extent but it wasn't his Alpha.
Tony looked up.  A young man was shifting his weight, a nervous, excited smile on his face.  Another Alpha.  Tony suddenly realized that he'd never actually seen an omega at this place, except with an Alpha.  Shit.  Had he dragged Steve to one of those places where it was casually Alpha-only?  There were laws against discrimination, but often, upperclass places drew an Alpha-centric clientele and it became a sort of unsaid rule that omegas were expected to stay away.  And sadly, most did.
He remained crouched a couple of meters from Steve, watching him, sipping his drink.  Steve didn't look well. He still smelled delicious, but nearly getting punched in the face by Captain America had been a sobering experience.  Tony felt a lot more in control than he had since Steve's heat had started. He wanted to reach out and comfort Steve, but he didn't want to get within reaching distance.  The Mark VI had him pinned pretty good, but Tony wasn't going to get cocky and take any chances.
Tony poked his behind the ear and DeSoto practically melted.  It was a dirty trick, Tony knew that, but he was teetering on the edge of a breakdown and he couldn't deal with a panicked omega babbling about "being good" and shit.  The scent glands provided a rather easy bypass to relaxing an omega. DeSoto was still kneeling but was limp over Tony's lap, eyes glazed, looking perfectly content.
He couldn't remember who he was or how he'd even gotten here.
Steve liked Tony with his glasses on, even if they did perhaps make him look a little older.  Maybe he liked that too. "We're going to a research base. Forty-five scientists. Twenty-five armed personnel.  Maybe mutants, too.  Whether they're captive or hostiles, I don't know.  But I have a plan; don't worry," he said, honestly quite excited by it. "It's just a basic recon mission so we're going to be using stealth.  But we'll get into that later. It's high security, which means the personnel probably don't know what's going on the actual labs.  So ideally we'd like to capture one of the scientists, which I doubt will be very hard."
He rolled onto his side, propped up on one elbow, watching Steve with undisguised interest, the sheets draped at his waist.  The arc reactor was glowing, strong and steady, the triangle sharp in its center.  Tony wondered if Steve thought the scars were gross.  He had, for a while.  The light had kept him up, too, for months.  But now, two years later, he was so used to it, he couldn't imagine it not being there.  Sometimes, if he woke up to a dark room, a pillow pressed over the reactor, he panicked, thinking it had gone out and that he would die.  Its glow was comforting, a promise that he wasn't going to buy the farm... not yet, anyway.
One of the other flight attendants walked past, in her pencil skirt and heels.  Steve blinked, rubbing his face in confusion.  The dream had felt so real.  And the plane was so... so comfortably and elegant and different.  He felt disoriented.
"How many drinks have you had?"
) and get a useful point in the right direction, but that was it.  Steve could be anywhere.
"Take off that ridiculous outfit!"
Steve followed her.  The expresso machine was in the kitchen, anyway, so he had an excuse.
, Steve." A pause, then he added, somewhat deviously, "And I've been brushing up on my Russian so that you and Dark Angel can't talk behind my back anymore.  возьми это, омега! ...but don't tell Natasha, I want to call her out on it next time she says something mean about me in Russian. I wanna see the look on her face!"
While Phil and Steve had slipped off to speak, in Steve's room, Tony had given up on glasses and drank straight from the decanter.  The head of RAID was smoking and it turned Tony's stomach.  His French was limited to getting deals made and women in bed (it was the language of love, after all) and he didn't have the vocabulary to explain what had happened.  Even if he had he wasn't really sure.
Tony checked the date with JARVIS.  It was July second.
"Hm?  No, I have a flight back to the east coast on the twenty-third."
he thought to himself.  He was really getting the hang of this whole being-bonded thing.
He shut his eyes, basking in the glow of imagined glory.
"Wear a suit.  Not a
Only Phil remained where he was, a look of alarm on his face, but his heat preventing him from leaving his nest.
Tony pulled away very slowly and stared at Steve without moving.  The silence spooled out.
"Where's my milkshake? Where? Oh my God. George! Put my milkshake down!"
But he and Steve were anything but traditional.
He shook his head, running a hand over his face.
"You just introduced us.  He's your personal... assistant," said Julie, eyes flickering to Steve.
) closing his eyes and stifling a yawn. He didn't plan to nap; he just wanted to hold Steve for a few minutes before wandering back downstairs to attack the piles of boxes of notes that were still probably scattered all over the floor.
him, Tony felt hints of both embarrassment and arousal.  But he obeyed and he was glad he did when he was rewarded a moment later: a moment later Steve had returned, naked, thighs shiny and cheeks pink.  He moved to straddle Tony, gripping the base of his erection as he lined himself up and then sank down.
They got to the stairwell; Tony could hear boots several floors up, stomping their way down.
"It helps," she said flatly.
"Take out all of the HYDRA members that are with you out ,and I get you somewhere safe. I can look after you and your sister. Without a means to an end," Steve breathed. "I mean it."
"Jesus," Steve muttered and ran a hand over his face. "Did you say sixteen?"
Alpha," emphasized Gideon, adjusting Steve a little more so his posture was more natural.  "There you go. Comfortable. ...good boy." Steve's body shuddered. "Yes, that's right. Good boy... very good... you like kneeling don't you?  It's instinctual. Good boy... just relax, breeder."
"This is ridiculous," grumbled Tony.  "Who knew having a baby was like going to the DMV?  Can't you hurry up, Donner?"
There was a thump on the other side of the door.
The doctor gently informed Steve that he'd just had a miscarriage. That he'd been just over a month along, if that. That it was very common.  Especially the first.
Steve looked down at Tony dazedly, eventually figuring out that the wetness on his leg was Tony's own release. He was admittedly a little surprised by that.  But then, when he gave Tony head, he usually got off on it, too.
The door clicked and the tech walked in.  She was an Alpha with pale, thin hair and a pair of thick-framed glasses.  Her lips were pouty.  She looked like a caricature of a woman scientist.  Steve could feel the defensiveness rolling off her in waves; her expression was stony and he imagined she'd taken a fair amount of shit in her field because of her looks.  Under her white lab coat, she was wearing a dark button-up shirt and there was a chewed-up pencil behind one of her ears.
weird one, and he was a century old and pumped full of experimental chemicals.
Pietro shook his head.  He wasn't just shaken. He was embarrassed.  And the last person in the world who could understand was probably Bucky, who was an Alpha, who had been raised a century ago, and whose mentality was simple and fractured.  "No. Everything is fine. Where's Wanda?"
Tony snorted a little at the joke.  Two glasses of scotch in, he was feeling slightly more at ease.  But he still wasn't going to put the collar onto Steve, at least, not while anyone was watching.  It was far too intimate.
"Well, at least it's not Captain Britain," said Joey cheekily.
Tony didn't have the heart to tell him that he wasn't just trying to make Steve better for Steve's sake, but his own, too.  Tony felt guilty because he wasn't sure he really believed what he was saying, and besides, he needed Steve to feel confident in himself.  Because when Steve didn't, he got reckless in his attempts to 'prove' himself.  Tony had always thought of it as a sort of Napoleon complex, a throw-back to the days when Steve was short and thin and weak.  But from that day on, Tony found himself thinking of it as guinea pig syndrome, and carried with him the shame of knowing it was his father who had probably suggested testing the serum on an omega in the first place.
"Sometimes it's your job to question those orders," Steve muttered, eyes narrowing.
On the lawn, Natasha and Lila were teaming up against Cooper in an epic snowball fight.  It was strange to see Natasha acting so... maternal, almost.
, if anything. The way he'd treated him. After everything he'd done.  Liberating his camp, against orders, no less.  And yet here Steve was, asking Bucky if
"...what's going on?" asked Tony, nodding towards Steve's phone.
"...I'd rather if you were there," he admitted quietly.  He felt like it wasn't fair that he was going to harangue poor, broken DeSoto, and Steve would get to sit in the kitchen or bedroom, blameless.  Tony already felt like the bad guy, just because he was an Alpha, part of the lucky class of people born into it. He didn't want to do this alone.  Besides, wasn't interrogation Steve's thing? In Cuba, he'd broken a guy's leg.
His eyes slid over to Karpov and he reached out weakly.  "Steve," he slurred.
mean he had to enjoy his company.  On a personal level, Tony was awful to work with.  Even Pepper had already apologized a few times; he was not, she assured Steve, normally so combative with people.  She didn't understand why he was acting like this, she said.  He was often a jerk but rarely cruel.
Maggie Frond was having none of it; she made a beeline for them, to head them off before they could finish.
Steve had been bonded?
"James.  Focus. Water.  Do you need it?"
is definitely one of those."
"You're awake," said Steve, eyes darting between his Alpha's damp chest and face briefly. "I, er, made breakfast... I figured you'd want to get your strength up."
And then he was gone, and so was Steve.
Steve's breath sucked in when he felt the head of Tony's cock against him. That alone was enough to make him considerably more aroused, his entrance getting wetter. Sighing softly, he ached up into the kisses along his throat, his hands moving to Tony shoulders and then to trace down the curve of his back. It was weird touching Tony like this, and being touched... everything felt different, lighter, almost.
"Congrats, Mr. Malick," said the general.
was in charge.  He'd never put Steve in his place and this, he supposed, was the natural consequence of that.  Steve was an uppity, demanding, spoiled omega who thought he had the right to tell Bucky where they were going and what they were doing and when they were mating.  Bucky was hoping this bad behavior was just a consequence Steve being upset by that Tony fellow, and once he'd calmed down a little, he would perhaps start acting normal.
The other man turned around suddenly, snapping his fingers at Steve.  "Wake
"It's not your fault," Steve murmured, reaching for Tony's hand and grabbing it. "Promise. He'll get what's coming to him."
The pub Tony had chosen, King's Stores, turned out to be the most remarkably old-school pub in the world.  The windows were all closed against the cold, but it was still lively, with the bottom half painted black and the top part brick.  The floors were wooden and so was the furniture. Tony looked pleased with himself for accidentally selecting a good-looking pub. (He had made the cab driver drop them off at the entrance of Frying Pan Alley, where Tony had taken several selfies with the street sign, prompting one annoyed passerby to mumble, "Bloody tourists.")
"Don't tell me you're taking up smoking again."
Tony frowned.  Steve's words, about doing something fun, didn't match his tone or his smell.  His tone and smell had a vague sense of discomfort to them, an edge Tony didn't like.
Since Tony had been planning on dying, he hadn't made many plans for the week.  His schedule was wide open and he planned to spend the day digging through Steve's private life, learning who the
"I need a drink," said Tony.
David smiled patiently. "Just, in case..."
"Mmm-hmm," hummed Tony, continuing his ministrations, running his tongue over Steve.  He was slippery, sinfully juicy, and Tony prodded his eager hole gently, tasting him, all too aware of how turned on he was.  Steve was practically dripping.
Steve, in the meantime, still had his head in Tony's lap. He opened his eyes slowly, looking up at Tony with a glassy expression. He looked pale. "I t-think he's going to kill me," he whispered, soft enough so only Tony and Natasha could hear. And for the first time since Steve had met Tony, he actually sounded afraid.
Steve actually laughed. "Yeah. Just a little."
Steve thought about it. "I probably shouldn't." It felt too soon to leave Tony alone for the night. And with the anniversary and...everything. "But thank you, that's very kind."
But Steve didn't really hear her; his eyes were already rolling back in his head.
"Everything's fine," said Pepper, giving Steve a terse smile.  "I just... I don't know if you recall, when your heat started, Natasha gave you a memento.  You dropped it and I thought you'd want it back."
"No.  It's too late for that now.  About eighty years too late.  And even if I was willing to let you touch me, which I'm not, you aren't in a state of mind even capable of consenting right now. And there are cameras watching us. And we're locked in a cage," Steve pointed out calmly, backing away against the wall; it made easier to stand and it felt safer to put some distance between them. He swallowed back his tears. It was so hard to see and hear Bucky like this, reaching for him and asking for him.
"In," said Tony, pushing off the railing for the balcony.  "You guys play?"
Steve's clothes dropped to the floor, along with Tony's.  He fed Steve another ice chip, liking the water Steve's lips sucked it off his fingers.
"I think that's a brilliant idea Steve," Tiberius told him. "Here, I brought you two some snacks. Make sure you eat. That's a lot of medication. I'll, ah... leave you two to it.  "I'll see you in an hour."
He went to the bathroom to brush his teeth, gargling some mouthwash to rinse out the bitter taste of gin, knowing Steve was upset with his drinking.  He padded out and slipped under the covers with Steve. The bed was warm, about a million degrees; Steve, as usual, radiated body heat.
"In the flesh," confirmed Tony.
Tony was both looking forward to it, and dreading it.  He liked the idea of showing Steve off, of preening in front of the cameras and have people praise him.  But he was also nervous; this was something intimate and meaningful, and he couldn't ignore the obvious reality that his omega was an uncharacteristically commanding type.  That he was getting dragged into a progressive civil rights spotlight, and that Tony wasn't really someone who was especially into that.  Sure, he was progressive in his own way... but not publicly.  Publicly, Tony went out of his way to be as shallow as possible and to hide anything he really cared about.  But there was no hiding Steve.  For one thing, he was over six feet tall and probably over two hundred pounds of sculpted muscle.  There was no overlooking him.
"And better than ever!" added Tony.
No, that didn't make sense.
"I love you too," Steve murmured, voice thick with emotion and sincerity as he returned to sentiment. Tony was hot and pulsing inside of him, a branding mark of claim. He let his eyes slip shut, the feeling almost blissful as he felt Tony's breathing syncing up with his own.
"Save it, Stark."
"Open it!" agreed Tiberius.
than them," Steve breathed. "Please. Don't fight me with this. Just give me this chance. If I get hurt again I won't go on another HYDRA mission, okay? I just want
"Just came by to say hi."  He looked around the room. Obviously Pepper was doing her best to keep things in order, but there was a plate on the floor and an odd sock lying on an armchair.
"It would, sir.  Setting autopilot for Wilshire Boulevard.  Estimated time of arrival is four minutes."
"He found it?" Natasha confirmed quietly.  Steve dropping the hammer down and lifting the goggles to run a hand over his face. He nodded. The Alpha smiled subtly. "Good. I'll text Fury."
"Least you have pants," he said. "They've just put me in this gown thing."
"You said that name before.  Karpov.  After the practice simulation," Natasha said softly, gaze darting between the two of them. "Steve, we should go.  ...Steve?  Steve!"
"So-- so Stephanie won a date with him?"
"Bed," said Tony, biting Steve's neck ignoring her.
The eyes flicked away again.  Submitting.
He was used to being offered things.  Before he killed people, they offered him things, bargaining for their lives.  He'd been offered all sorts of favors, money, power, sex... none of which had any appeal to him and did nothing to slow him, because the only thing he wanted (if you could call it "wanting") was to obey.
"I have a mission. They've called for me." Steve said quietly. "Just a HYDRA base, nothing big. It's a research lab. Natasha will be coming too, I imagine, if that... makes it any better," he murmured and his gaze dropped down to the floor briefly before he braved Tony's facial expression.
," he said.  Steve looked up; so did Phil.  They were sitting on the floor together, holding hands.  Tony's mouth watered; he might as well have found the two of them in the midst of a naked pillow fight.
"We should go to where Fury's at, make sure he's okay too," Steve said quietly, his gaze finally flitting down to Tony's face. He didn't think he'd ever seen his Alpha so unsure before. He reached up and brushed his fingers against Tony's cheek lightly. "It's not your fault, you know that, right? I told you that morning, to ignore how I felt. It was just..." he trailed off. "Bad timing."
Steve dropped the case at the foot of the bed; the handcuffs that were still attached clacked against it.
"Thank you Phil," Steve offered him a tender smile. "I really appreciate it. Seriously."
"Mm-hm.  ...I thought about Sarah, too, like my great-grandma."  Donner's head was literally dropping. "She's beautiful, isn't she?"
"Yes," they said, simultaneously.
Tony glanced down.
The adults let Cooper lead them up the stairs.  The walls were lined with family portraits. Clint and Laura, then Clint, Laura, and Natasha.  Then a bulge, then a baby, then Cooper, then another bulge... the photos lining the hall beside the stairs was like watching a fast-forward version of Clint's life blooming in front of Steve's eyes.  Natasha was in every single one, except for the very first few.
"Shut up."
. Bucky wouldn't have done this to him.
"Maybe another day," Sam said with a gentle laugh. "See you guys there, yeah?"
Suddenly his mind drifted to Bucky.  He and Steve had surely felt something like this toward each other, hadn't they?  And did they still?
Jack caught Steve's eye as Pepper was shooing them away and he offered him the tiniest smile, one omega to another.  The smile communicated a sort of embarrassed sentiment.
He had expected either a classroom or a couple of couches or something... instead there was a bed and staring over at them was a gorgeous woman, dark hair tumbling down to her breasts, red lips open in a startled expression.  She reeked of post-heat.
But at least it was warm.
"Did you get a place at Harvard? They said you nearly did law."
"Eldridge," commanded Tony.
"...we'll see Fury tomorrow and... and we'll work everything out.  Everything will be okay," Tony said, quietly, vaguely, more to himself than to Steve.  He was already distracted by his phone.
"It's the exact opposite of that!"
"No," she said curtly, ears going from pink to red.  "Come on, hurry up or we'll be late. Steve, don't get crumbs on your tie.  Tony, don't put scotch in your coffee."
Steve realised he was crying; his shoulders shook a little. "I t-thought he was gonna... gonna..."
"He'll be going to the auction tonight, yes."
taking that away from him. He nodded and gestured for Phil to lead on. Natasha moved to step in line next to him.
Wanda sighed again.  She sat on the edge of the bed.  "I can try. But I cannot make any promises.  Close your eyes. Think about him.  It's easier for me like that."
Tony reached up to rub his chest.  His blood toxicity had skyrocketed to sixty percent after using the reactor to power the suit.  He needed to change the core, immediately.
She and Happy were relaxing.  Tony rarely saw Pepper relaxing.
She grabbed the assault rifle off of his shoulders and threw it over hers.  Steve watched with a frown etched into his features. Seeing a "nurse" handle a gun with such ease was... unsettling.  She was already aiming it at them.
"Be thankful you're not going to a detention center, Stevie.  The vote was three-five to send you and Stark both to Guantanamo."
Tony beamed at the tiny, sickly, shaking omega on the couch.  "How'd you get past the security system?  Did you scramble the PIR signal?"
"Really?" Steve stared down at the glow through the t-shirt and something warmed in his chest. Was this a big deal? It kinda felt like one. The thing kept Tony alive after all. "And yes, I like the plan. Better to just get it out there," Steve breathed. The thought was a little nerve-racking...there would be so many people there. So many cameras. And suddenly they'd be analysing his and Tony's every move. What if the paparazzi started asking inappropriate questions now? How would Steve even respond to them?
There was a large crack down it.  Tony didn't remember hearing it crack but they were definitely going to have to foot the bill for that.
?  You actually think I'm a good person?  Most people find me to be an insufferable ass.  Charming, of course,
Another black car behind them. And then another to the left.
Every time he leveled something with a missile, he felt pride, not horror.  He never considered that flattening a mountain was an analog for flattening a city block.
"I figured if Hitler hates 'em, they must be alright," replied Howard with a laugh, accepting a drink.  "His name's Stane, great guy, sharp as a tack.  Hey, is that Ruby over there?"
The asset's head snapped up so fast it hurt.  "Colonel?" he said, looking around hopefully. He blinked in confusion.  He was in a bathtub in the empty house. There was no water, and he had no memory of coming here.  How long had he been out? Had he been asleep, or just... waiting. "Colonel?" he repeated, getting up and stalking out.
She smiled sadly.  "I wouldn't."  She leaned over and kissed his forehead.
"So, did you find you sometimes had trouble connecting...because of Steve coming from a different era? After all, bonding and relationships in general were viewed very differently back then," Boswell said.
"Mm-hm... your blood pressure is remarkably low..."
"You never turn it off, do you?  Everything's a big joke to you, isn't it?"
Steve moaned and threw his head back as Tony came inside of him and made him shudder, his back arching up as Tony spilled inside of him and filled his hole.  He was stretched out wonderfully, eyes fluttering shutter in please as Tony stroked him. Steve's fingers tugged on his hair as he came beneath him.
"C'mere," demanded Tony, holding his arms out affectionately.  "I'm out of bed, give me a reward. Let me kiss my boy. Then I'll put on your Christmas vest."
Steve's eyes narrowed when he saw a flash of movement outside. Just a bird. Probably.
"...miss me?" asked Tony, lowering his sunglasses a little to grin at her cheekily.
Steve was gripping Tony's hand too tightly, he realised. He winced and loosened his grip. Had he hurt him? Oh god, had he?
it is!
"I need a
"Is Jinx expecting?" asked Maggie, holding open the door for Tony and Harry.
How had he gotten here again?
"Just lay back... just relax, okay?  You're pleasing me... feel..." said Tony, sinking to his own knees in the water and pressing his cock against Steve's thigh.  "Feel that? That's how pleased I am... you're a good boy, Steve... you're my good boy..." He reached out and ran a hand over Steve's wet hair.  Both of them were panting a little.
"In the room with the chair. With the witch. They called her a witch. Witches aren't real, though, are they?" Steve asked; his tone was almost child-like.  His heat was making everything seem surreal and dreamlike and he was starting to doubt everything he'd just seen.
"I'LL LET YOU LICK ME!" yelled someone.
He stepped out of the room to find Vim; she awkwardly patted his arm to get his attention. "You gotta break the chain before we can lift him."
'stupid.'  Stan, c'mon, it's my party!  Can I lick your neck?"
safe spaces. I'm bonded; I'm fine with the way things are."
Trey and his brothers both shrieked with delight and everyone burst into laughter; Brooke looked smug and Tony looked startled at how thoroughly he'd been shot down.  Taylor was already tweeting about it; Arcadia gave Brooke a high-five.
"I know how to... tie a tie normally? Can't we just YouTube it, isn't that what kids do nowadays?" Steve asked, half joking. He knew that his terrible approach to technology was usually enough to make Tony smile.
Tony let out a small hiss at the feeling of Steve clenching.
If Tony had had the suit in New York he could have gone straight after Bucky... and probably would have killed him. It was a sobering thought.
The laughter at the table went from boisterously loud to an awkward, quiet giggle. Steve was taller than all of them. Bigger than all of them, too.
He checked the quiz.  The options included Captain America, Union Jack, Mockingbird, and Spiderman.
Pepper had escorted him to the shop, filling in what little she knew.  Downstairs, Tony was lying on his back on one of his couches in the corner, staring at the ceiling, eyes vacant.  None of the monitors were on; the suits stood empty along one wall.  Rhodes had never appreciated that Tony's shop was normally buzzing with activity.  Quiet like this, it was eerie.
"Hi.  Sorry.  I'm a huge fan.  Sorry, you probably get that all the time, it's just that I'm a huge fan.  Can I shake your hand?"
Tony shivered, holding still, his skin breaking out in goosebumps at the cold counter under him and Steve's teasing mouth exploring his body.
Goddammit, Bucky.
He stared down at his hands. There were shaking. That was the malnutrition.
"No," she agreed softly. "He's not." Then Natasha patted his arm, a weird gesture for her in itself. "You better get back down there. He might need your help."
"Not a problem, Mr. Stark, not a problem!"
"You're not tired already, are you, super-soldier?" called Tony teasingly.
"What resolution?"
While Tony had no real interest in doing anything other than  limping around the house and fucking Steve as much as possible, he wanted Steve to get what he wanted.  He was willing to bend over backwards for him; he had expected that Steve, who was only a couple of weeks away from turning 93, would have all sorts of weird old-timey traditions he wanted to do.  So far, they'd been so busy bickering and trying not to get killed, they'd barely had time for anything else.
He had already grabbed a towel, mind still churning, trying to recover the previous night's memories.  He knew he'd gotten plenty of facts of interest but he could not remember a single one. The things that stood out were how
Steve saw Three across the room amongst them. She was shaking. But he couldn't go talk to them; they wouldn't let him through the crowd, no way--
Tony decided to let it go, even though he doubted the program could be resurrected.
"Well, you were getting pretty worked up outside, before you know I was bonded.  I know how it is.  You get obsessed and everyone seems like a threat.  ...do you like chardonnay?  We have chardonnay and a sauvignon.  ...Meha only drinks white, I'm afraid, so if you're a Merlot guy, then you're out of luck."
The phone rang again but Tony ignored it, too lost in bliss to really care much about whoever was on the other line.
Which was the point, really, in Tony's mind, of horror films.  He liked to watch them with women and had the women snuggle up to him, squealing, and wrap his arms around them.  He hadn't expected Steve to be susceptible to the same trick.
.  Oh, you're in trouble now, Colonel."  One of the other men was sniggering.
about safe spaces for omegas and felt guilty all over again.  Tony had never before spared a thought for any of these issues.
"Oh, God," groaned Rhodes.
"No!" said Natasha, laughing in a way that made it seem like it was probably very much on purpose.
"Bucky?" he said in confusion.
Pepper dragged Tony toward the car.  They bumped into Brooke on the way out.  Tony babbled something about a threesome; Pepper yanked him away.  As Rhodey had once observed, redheads were Tony's own personal kryptonite.
"Hey, you gonna stay for dinner?"
"I don't want kids now, no. But...like he said, it's kind of early to just make a decision like that Tony. What about...after HYDRA? Things will be different then. I don't know."
"You brought the suit?" asked Pepper, smiling broadly, her lips barely moving.
"What, I'm not allowed to
"Pepper, gimme a math problem."
Steve sucked in a soft breath as Tony's fingers explored. He swallowed thickly. He knew he was touching Bucky's mark. He knew it on instinct. And he felt gross, for a moment, before he pushed that doubt away. Steve felt dizzy, almost, and let his eyes slip shut.
?  That HYDRA was targeting him as a source for something that wanted, something only Steve had, and they'd stop at nothing to get it?  That Steve had been shot?  For Tony, those were much more pressing concerns.
And he resented that he wasn't choosing this.  He would have liked to have had a choice in the matter.  Not that he
His eyes were watering a little and the flush on his skin didn't looks so healthy now. Steve sat woodenly in the bath with his legs drawn up to his chest. He still felt a little strange...maybe he was still delirious still.
"Director Fury is still trying to call back sir," JARVIS announced. "I believe he's quite concerned.  Also, he seems aware that your power and phone line is working normally."
Steve was getting hot all over as Tony played with him, teased at him...he was getting wet down there again. He shifted closer and gasped as he felt the head of Tony's cock nudge against his entrance. Steve leaned in, their mouths almost touching and noses dragging together. He sucked in a breath as he lined himself up.
His words were fragments. Steve stuttered, metal fingers tightening as he tried to shout.
dangerous?"
"...probably," said Tony slowly.
"Everyone always knew I was an Alpha," said Tony.
"Do you think we should call an ambulance?" Sitwell asked.
Gleason shrugged helplessly.  "We're doing the best we can, but... his body is resistant to most medications.  Short of poisoning him, we can't really guarantee he won't get pregnant."
Steve got Tony a finger of his favourite whiskey and set it down by the bedside before moving to get back under the sheets. Steve was happy to sleep himself. It had been a long day- a long
to try them out some time. Tiberius got him a few CDs of artists missed out on. (Apparently he had a thing for Elton John. Steve hadn't checked him out yet.)
He slid down the bed as Tony crawled up, his knees just slotted above the dip of Steve's shoulders as he continued to jack off on top of him. "Do it. Fucking cum on me Tony. I want you to," he panted, his entrance twitching around the toy inside of him. Fuck. He felt so fucking full.  "Do it.  Do it!"
"Welcome, welcome, Mr. Stark, Captain Rogers, super great to have you on... congratulations on your bond, of course, Bozzy and I got you a little something..."
It was like his body was singing, calling to him. Steve felt like he was on fire, every part of his body tingling and as Tony thrust into him-
Then again, it wasn't like he wasn't being kept satisfied.  The serum had made Steve someone who had energy to spare, and in addition, he'd begun spending the weekends at Camp Pendleton, trying to build up an immunity to heat inducers.  Every Saturday evening he came home reeking like sex and Tony took him in every conceivable position and corner of the house, happy to accommodate Steve's arousal. Steve mentioned he was seeing more of Clint, which Tony took to mean that Project Thor had either petered out or had stabilized.  SHIELD had gotten very, very good at hiding from him; occasionally he tried to break into the system just for fun, but mostly, he was content not to. It wasn't that he trusted them, just that there was no longer very much interest. And maybe, deep down, he was worried about what he'd find. The Winter Soldier, Bucky... it haunted him.  He and Steve didn't talk about it, even though, on occasion, one of them would get a pang of emotion that wasn't from the other, or a dream that was a little too vivid to be only a dream.
"Oh, he's just like that," said Sam, waving a hand.  "Typical brass dick-waving."
"Can we just do nothing all day?" Steve mumbled.
Tony reached up to stroke Steve's hair.  "Uh... yeah... yeah, that's it, that's the end," he reported.  Personally, Tony liked horror movies that had miserable endings where people either died or were maimed or remained cursed or found out they'd been dead all along.  "It's okay, Steve, it's not real, the found footage thing is just a gag.  I've got you, baby..."  He kissed the top of Steve's head gently as the credits rolled, one arm around his body, the other still stroking his hair.  It felt weird to be holding someone bigger than him, but also nice, the weight of Steve's body; Steve had practically wriggled onto his lap.
Jesus Christ, since when had he had such dirty thoughts?
Steve had disappeared within a few days and neither Aria nor Natasha nor any of his other friends had, to Pepper's knowledge, had any contact with him.
One of the drawbacks to bonding was an inability to hide feelings.  No doubt Steve could sense and smell exactly how he felt, which was a lot less confident than he would have liked.  Tony relied heavily on bravado and swagger as a defense mechanism, but with Steve, it was impossible. The truth was, Tony was nervous about mating again.  He and Nadine had had a brief talk. Tony wasn't thrilled with the idea of talking sex with a total stranger, but Nadine had mentioned that a lot of Alphas had trouble because the necks of their omega felt unfamiliar.  "It's normal," she said. "You get used to it."
Tony disconnected the call and had JARVIS book the hotel and forward the details to Rhodey and George.  He looked over at Steve miserably. "I'm gonna go down to the shop for a while. I need to get drunk." He reached over and carded his hand through Steve's hair.  "It'll be okay. After July, all those camps are going to bite the dust. Let's just... focus on getting Donner and planning... planning this charity thing for our anniversary."  He waved a hand around the room. "If I never see another fucking orchid again, I would die a happy man." He sighed. At least he knew that the proceeds from the flower sales would go toward helping the omegas they would liberate.
Tony wondered if Steve would notice if he slipped off to masturbate.  Tony's pool had been home to a number of gorgeous creatures in the past, but none quite like Steve.
been secretly monitoring Steve, though," pointed out Tony.  "Maybe you weren't the only one."
"I read about it," Steve said quietly.
Eventually they told him to just shut up and smoke some more.  He obediently smoked while Amber wiped off his face for him.  He still had Pearl's ball in his pocket and she was watching him with great interest.  He no longer felt afraid of her.
"For which branch?" asked JARVIS.
and that was what mattered. This was just him keeping a up a persona. Steve was sure that, at least, Nat was truly aware of that. Sam looked skeptical but he had every right to be.
"Uh-oh," said Tony, who could spot work a mile away.
Tony stalked across the room, loosening his tie, and checked the minibar.  Sure enough, restocked.
Tony played with his coffee cup for a several long moments before he began speaking.
Steve grunted as he was pulled up, arms flailing a little as he tried to push back and failed. Gideon didn't smell good. He smelt musky and heady. He was gross. He reminded Steve of Schmidt, or someone equally foul. "W-will never cooperative with you," he slurred, trying to sound menacing and somewhat failing.
I'll be right back!"
A shiver ran down Steve's spine as Tony's fingers curled through his hair and wordlessly guided him to where he wanted him to be. The fact that he didn't even have to say it just turned Steve on even more. His cheeks were still pink, but had died on a little. They would soon fix that.
"Right," Steve said.
Natasha was leading them toward stairwell 4 when their comms all crackled.
He heard the door click and his breath hitched a little.  He didn't dare look up to the Alpha he was alone with. He didn't exactly like Chantelle, but at least he knew her.
"They can be taken off," jumped in Kitty.  "It's not like we don't provide a key."
"Oh, I remember, alright," chuckled Happy.  "She said, ‘I've got to show Mr. Stark this, right away--’"
"Shut up, Greg!"
"These are for you, and these are for your mate, Steve Rogers."
One shot. Two shot.
Steve sighed and leant his head back. "Wonderful...."
Natasha saw an opportunity and took it.  Steve was in no condition to be by himself and she didn't want to let him go without a fight.  Lightning-fast, she plucked his cell phone from his back pocket and took a step back.  "...it's from a blocked number," she reported, holding the phone hostage.  "I'll give you the phone, but please, Steve.  Please don't lock yourself away.  Or at least let me lock myself in there with you.  I'm worried about you."  The phone continued to ring in her hand.
"Well, good for you," he said patronizingly.  "...if Mr. Stark wants me, I'll be here all day."  He sipped his rum, not budging from the couch. It was a dismissal.  DeSoto might have acted terribly submissive when it came to Alphas, but clearly, he had no trouble treating his fellow omegas like equals.  The sad part was that his opinions and ideas were clearly not his own, but his Alpha's. It was Stockholm syndrome to the extreme.
"Oh! It's a proper yoga outfit for you, because your leggings right now can't quite cope with the stretch," Aria explained. The outfit was white and pale blues. It was thoughtful.
"Oh, please, you're not even ninety-three yet," she scoffed.
"Steve, wait--"
He moved to pull down the collar of his dark jacket, a little ripped across the torso from when he nearly fell off the roof. It felt weird to expose his neck to the cameras; the back of an omega's neck was a private place.  "You left a mark like this once. But this one isn't yours anymore." Steve swallowed, gaze flitting down to avoid watching Bucky's face as he revealed the very permanent mark the other Alpha had left upon him.  "It means that he will find me eventually, probably. And it means that he will, probably, try to kill you."
Steve nodded in thanks. It certainly didn't
"No need for that.  He doesn't speak," said Karpov, putting a hand on his shoulder.
"I'm in the middle of a session," huffed Dr. Brennan.
Fury turned around in his seat.  "I'm going to get out first, go left.  Carter.  You go right.  Cover Rogers.  Rogers, you..."  He reached out and put a hand on Steve's shoulder.  "...you get to that dinner.  Got it?"
"Aunt Peggy,
"--and you're having another one of your little meltdowns because Steve had an Alpha
He clinked his glass against Arcadia's and then downed his drink. The alcohol burned and almost made his eyes water. Still, he would need a lot of these to feel drunk. "Jesus, what did you put in that?" he wheezed.
"...so I'm guessing we're all on probation now?" ventured Phil.
, you made me breakfast and you were looking at
"You won't hurt me Tony," Steve assured him, running some fingers down his cheek. "I know it won't be the same...but I think it's almost more important than it was before. That might sound stupid but-- it feels more significant now somehow.  He smiled sadly. "I can't have a flashback to something I don't remember, Tony," he murmured and looked away for a moment, sadness briefly crossing his features before he seemed to push it away.
"Certainly, Mr. Stark."
Steve ran the pad of his index finger on the inside of Bucky's wrist, curious to see if he would get a reaction. He tilted his head, blue eyes bright. "I wish you could get closer," he whispered, words leaving his lips before he had a chance to even ponder them.
The soldier's heart dropped a little.  There was the girl, the one with the weird eyes who made him see visions.  The hair on the back of his neck rose a little. She stared at him and even though she was a beta and he knew she couldn't smell him, he felt like she knew everything about him anyway, his thoughts and feelings and all the tiny little pheromonal smells that an Alpha would have been able to sense.
The doorbell rang.  "I'll be right back sir," Jarvis said, head still bowed as he quickly left the room in a tactical exit.
“...some hawk eyes you have.”
"Well, let's see... I'm your friend and I'm worried about you.  How's that for a good reason?" asked Natasha.  "Are you okay?  ...do you need me to bring you anything?"
When he returned to the bare, depressing, cracked-pavement parking lot of the motel, he let himself in quickly.  The room was dim and smelled like musty disinfectant. Bucky was sitting crossed-legged on the bed, watching
"My name isn't James.  It's Bucky."
Steve didn't know why he said it. Steve wasn't usually quite so...forward.  Well, not with friends, or loved ones. He usually kept confrontation to the battlefield. But it was like something in him just...snapped.
"Tony.  How you doing? I double cycle."  The voice was thick with a Russian accent, rough from years of smoking.
It took Steve a little while to drift off, but when he did, he didn't dream.
"Dinner."  Tony considered.  "I was thinking of
Vim and Vigor clung to each other harder, as if convinced they might be separated.  Sera's 'Alpha' moved in front of him protectively, his expression one of determined bravery, even though the lobby was swarming with police and medics and students and staff, and a lot of people were taking pictures.
Wanda had broached the topic, once again, of ditching Barnes.  Pietro felt terribly conflicted about it. One one hand, yes, Barnes was a massive liability.  He was like an overgrown child. He was mentally unbalanced, and the twins were starting to grind their teeth every time they heard him talk about Karpov, which was easily ten times a day, if not more.  He was yet another body Wanda had to move through security lines, which drained her energy, and his arm was easily identifiable. Pietro had gotten him to wear a sweatshirt but keeping him in it was another matter.  On the other hand, though, they had to admit that Barnes was an exceedingly powerful ally. He was trained as a sniper and his martial skills were second to none. He obeyed direct commands willingly and readily, and, perhaps most important, he had a bond to Steve, who had a bond to Tony, who was the twins' target in the first place.
Steve just shrugged. "As stupid as it sounds, I didn't intend to upset anyone. At least..." His gaze drifted over to Tony's unconscious form. "Not like this."
"Do you want the bed?" Steve asked. "All I've done for two days is sleep. I'll happily take the chair. I can just prop my foot up on the mattress." Tony looked about as terrible as he felt. They'd made a right state of themselves. Tony was so tired he was taking a while to answer. While he hesitated, a lump welled up in Steve's throat.
or your money back!"
Tony tore a hole through the floor with a jack hammer and another through the ceiling with a sledge hammer.  It all would have gone faster if he could use the suit, but his blood toxicity was so high and his condition so unstable, he didn't dare risk it.  Instead, he did things the old-fashioned way, wearing not a mech suit but a pair of ratty old jeans and a wife beater.
Dr. Brennan pulled the tape recorder out of her purse and set it on the bed.  Tony mumbled something about multi-meters in his sleep.
He was already falling asleep. Steve could feel it tugging at his bones. The knot lulled him into something, a sleepy something. He wanted to stay connected and close to Tony for as long as possible and this was the best way to do that.
"...Yes. Although his position is supposed to be classified."
"Early and often," said Natasha, a hint of her accent creeping into her voice.
Charlie snorted.  "Yeah, that's the last thing omegas need.  ...how's that?"
"Mm... Brent Walker, I think," said Tony.  "Y'know Jeff Walker's mate? He's doing it pro bono."
And then he heard it and Steve's eyes cracked open in the water.
The audience looked deeply uncomfortable with this shockingly candid, confessional-style eulogy that touched so heavily on omega rights.  Most of them probably had no idea that Banksy and Boswell were arranged.
"Stark rockets are never duds.  It was a one-in-a-million chance."
And Steve's last words, that Tony was a
"I did."
, they probably
He felt better seeing Tony in a giant suit of armour. Steve was pretty sure he couldn't punch through this if he tried, it was really nothing like Vanko's. It looked impenetrable.
But Peggy fit the bill.  She was one of Steve's few links to the past and her approval actually meant something.  Tony wondered if being Howard Stark's son was a good thing or a bad thing.  Peggy and Howard had worked together in the forties and fifties, and by all accounts, Howard had been something of a reckless lady killer back then.  Tony didn't want Peggy to think he was fucking around with Steve.  Surely she'd understand, as an Alpha, that Tony's commitment to Steve was just that: a commitment.
Tony looked down at the grid of tiny Styrofoam bits on his leg and brushed them to the floor.  "It's not like I've been out partying since you left. I haven't been seeing anyone or throwing crazy parties or anything," he added, a bit defensively.  He needn't have bothered. It was obvious just by looking at him that he'd been doing nothing but binge-drinking and wallowing. "I missed you. I just... it's not
"Y'know, take a break, recharge our batteries."
"Steve?"
"Go have your heat, Steve. We'll be here when you get back."
"I'm not answering that."
After stepping outside the hotel, he picked a direction and walked in it, his feet taking him towards Brooklyn automatically before he even realised where he was going.
But he was also very aware that if they induced a heat he may well be asking for something else he didn't want. Steve swallowed.
of Steve wearing a collar, he couldn't help but remember Steve's panic when he first tried one on, or all the shit with Bucky that had happened immediately following.  The whole thing had turned him off on the idea of a collar entirely.
He didn't know who to text. But Natasha had told him to so... he texted Clint. Because this partly an omega thing.
"You love fuck?" repeated Tony in a murmur, slowly rolling his hips, thrusting rhythmically, languidly, into Steve.  "So articulate, Rogers..."  he purred teasingly.
Aria frowned at him.
Steve had seen Tony like this before: manic.  But it had been a while and to be honest this was pretty manic even for Tony.  If he'd told Steve he'd injected himself with hummingbird blood, Steve wouldn't have been surprised.  Even standing still, Tony was still vibrating with excitement, and his hands, operating independently, had picked up a screwdriver and were adjusting some hex bolts along the side of the suit.
"What was that?" asked Dr. Emmett.
"So while it technically doesn't have to be metal, or designer, it
Steve let out a long, slow breath.
"I wanna try and stay for the birth," Steve said.
George reached out and lightly punched Steve's arm. He nodded towards Tony. "I'm glad you got one of the good ones."
, when an omega was in heat, both parties lost their minds.
"You've got us," Danielle emphasised, kneeling down too with her hand on Banksy's arm. "It'll be okay."
He found Steve in the kitchen, on round 2 of breakfast.  He walked up and wrapped his arms around him front behind.  Steve's neck looked much better. What had initially looked like a single mangled bite had resolved into two overlapping marks.  It wasn't as good as his own mark being untouched... but it was definitely far, far better than Barnes's mark replacing his entirely.
Tony looked down.  Steve was lying on the couch; Tony was grabbing one of his wrists, pinning down the opposite shoulder.  A bruise was blooming on Steve's neck where Tony had been sucking at the skin.  He didn't even remember pushing Steve back.  He'd been so absorbed in Steve's neck, the warmth of his skin...
Tony's body was still shaking, sweating; he felt sick with fear and his breathing was still ragged, but the smell and taste of Steve was overwhelming and the compulsion to mate him overwhelming.
Tony laughed, hugging Steve to him, giddy with delight.
.  We had a
"I'm going to send you an address," said Fury.  "There will be a man at the address with his own security detail. He has a hard drive on his person, and I need it.  It has critical intelligence on HYDRA operatives.  It won't be far; he's within your reach. You could be back in bed by midnight."
Inside Tony's shop, Gleason and Area were admiring one of Tony's half-finished Iron Man suits, which was hung up by the shoulders by some chains and was absolutely dripping wires.
"...were
Downstairs, Steve groaned and leaned his forehead against the floor. "It kills," he whispered.
"Okay, fine, whatever, just make sure someone brings me my coffee," snapped Tony, who just wanted Martin and co. to leave.  The moment they did, he looked at Natasha.  "We can just leave, right?  They can't officially detain us, right?  We can just get up and walk- or, in my case, limp- out of here.  I want to go back to Malibu.  Sleep in my own bed.  Bang my omega."
Arcadia rolled her eyes at Tony as they passed him. "Seriously? How do you even put up with that? You really are a goddamn saint, Rogers," she said, squeezing Steve's arm as they slipped into the kitchen. There was a lot people in the kitchen, still, but it was considerably less crowded. Steve stared down at the 'Smarties' in his hand and remembered Aria's instructions.  He dropped them into his pocket instead of taking them.
Before Steve could finish, there was a yell.
"...do you want to still use the master bedroom or... or do you want to, y'know, have separate rooms?" asked Tony hesitantly, scratching his beard.
Tony grabbed a bottle from the bar and padded over to him.  "Hey," he said gently, throwing an arm around his waist. "I'll come with you."
He had thought the Winter Soldier was going to kick him, or pick him up or point a gun at him but not... not this.
"...biology is disgusting.  ...could the glands heal again?"
"Really not your scene, huh?"
"Alrighty," said Richard, who was between Donner's legs and couldn't have been more disinterested or submissive at the moment.  "Well, Donnie. You're fully dilated. You're just about there."
"Want us to wait in the car, boss?" Happy asked as he turned in to park, referring to himself and Pepper.
Steve pulled his shield out to hold in one hand. "Nat, get as much info as you can off of the computers. Everyone else, with me," he said, listening toward the hallway.  The echoing sound of footsteps was edging closer. He felt a pang of something in his chest and he internally sighed. Steve had
Tony beamed at Steve as he fought with his tie.  Tony didn't normally do "cute." Frankly he thought they looked like dorks.  But he was happy to let Steve dress him if it meant he got to do
"Because I'm so stable?  ...you really
"Hey, boss.  Hey, Captain," said Happy, who was sitting on Tony's couch reading a tabloid and sipping on a cup of coffee.
"It's not Avicii," said Aria unapologetically.
Aria nodded and rushed through into the kitchen to tell them; they'd taken a break to allow Steve to collect himself.
"I will die. Or at least my dick will die. Please...don't," Steve said weakly, leaning his head back against the pillows. There was a pink flush on his cheeks that tinged his neck too.
"Look who's learning about modern politics!  That's funny.  You're funny.  We should have you saying that!"
Tony admired her.  That was some incredible diplomacy, right there.  Simultaneously giving in to Tony while also refusing to let him boss around what was hers.  Tony was impressed.
"How about water?"
Steve didn't sleep that night; he was so goddamn giddy. He started drawing in his room and got carried away, grabbing a stool from the kitchen so he could move up to the ceiling and draw up there too. Steve tended to channel his positive energy into art now, and his angrier energy into running or the punching bag.
"Hey, are you Captain America?" asked the boy, sounding excited.
mark- and bring their foreheads together.
"I don't know if I'm ever going back to SHIELD," Steve said honestly, half of his toast already gone. Somehow, Steve managed to eat gross amounts of food without actually appearing
He watched Tony take a sip of beer and sighed fondly. "You, lay off the drinking? That would be nice..."
Carter looked down at the gun.  It was a newer model, one of Hammer Industries' SIR semi-autos.  And it was jammed.
Natasha smirked. "And how did that go for him?"
Aria drove a small car that was bright yellow in colour. Steve felt it suited her personality just right. She was wearing a sleeveless vest top that showed off a tattoo on her arm. It was a bunch of multi-coloured flowers, a metal shape of some sort peeking out from between them. It might have been a horse shoe, but Steve wasn't sure.  His guess was that the tattoo was for Aria's moms.
"You're right...men like Gideon, they're really not worth it. I bet he voted to send us to Guantanamo. Asshole."
Tony suddenly remembered seeing a thing on National Geographic about how starfish impregnated other starfish by detaching an arm and having it crawl off without him.  Or maybe that was squids or something. Whatever. All Tony knew was that his penis was currently threatening to do the same. Clearly, it had its own agenda that had nothing to do with Tony's comfort.
Steve was aware of nothing going on around him. He heard a lot of voices but he didn't take notice of much else. He reached blindly for Tony. Aria knelt down beside him and helped him find his Alpha's hand for him. He mumbled out a thank you.
The phone he'd bought from the gas station chimed in his lap. He pulled over and picked it up to look at it, the screen angled away from Bucky.
Tony gestured to the jungle of orchids.  "Where would we put it? We'll spend Christmas at the lodge, it's fine, they'll have a tree up for us there.  ...you're coming too, right?"
The spell broken, Tony was marching up the stairs to the main floor, Steve on his heels.
Tony tugged the blanket around himself.  He felt shaky and queasy. He had decided heats weren't nearly as fun as they were cracked up to be.  Every time he thought about Bucky, which was about every five seconds, a flame of anger shivered up his spine.  The hair on the back of his neck was permanently spiked.
Tony looked up; Steve and Aria were walking toward them.  Steve was crying.
"...you have a girlfriend?" said Tony, eyes narrowing.  Pepper had a family and Happy had a girlfriend? He didn't like this at all.
"A lot of Alphas make the mistake of trying to control their omega before establishing that there is a reward for good behavior.  That results in a nervous omega... one who wants to avoid punishment instead of trying to please you. Don't confuse being firm with being cruel."  She pointed to Steve. "Your first Alpha withheld affection, didn't he? I'm guessing you never felt good enough, did you? Your attitude is classic... you were spoiled and indulged but you were never treated
Clint made grabby hands at it. "I want it," he said. "I can smell it from here. It smells great."
boring," Haley agreed. "Speaking of, let's go dance." She grabbed his hand. "My mate hates dancing."
"And you say Steve called Sitwell knowing he was HYDRA?"
"I love you," Steve whispered and then stepped back, head ducked down. Bucky followed. "Listen to me." He held up his hands. "You need to get out of here and you need to get Wanda and Pietro safe!"
"...Steve?" he ventured.  He was pretty sure Steve would be mad at him when he pulled away and stopped massaging behind Steve's ear, but for now, Steve looked completely out of it.  He didn't know how much Steve really understood. Currently Steve's overwhelming look was one of dopey compliance and his feeling was one of peace. It was like hypnosis.
"Hey, you did good. Both of you. I think we've got this," Aria said, patting Steve's arm good-naturedly as camera crews and lighting riggers moved around their living room, trying not to upset any of the hundreds of orchids. "The next proper interview you guys do should be a pair one. I might get you something on a Christmas chatshow, okay? We need to cement
"полковник Карпов?" he repeated tentatively. He needed someone to explain to him what the fuck was going on.
A pair of red eyes appeared in front of Steve's.
Rhodey looked at Steve, then at Tony.  His stomach turned.  He knew that look of aggression.  In an instant, he took several steps back and held his hands up.  "I don't want him, Tony.  He's yours."
He'd almost been expecting Aria and Pepper but the two had clearly seen the sense to give them some space. Steve had three days until his public apology on Friday. He had time to think about what to say and how to say it. And he always did speeches better on the spot anyway.
," said Marcus darkly, and the mood in the room shifted.
"It's Steve's house too," Aria pointed out. "And if no one came around whilst you went on your little tinkering sprees, Steve would be left alone for like... days on end." Unlike Pepper, she was less sympathetic to Tony's whims and was evidently more concerned about how they impacted on Steve. "I'm going to yoga later," she told Steve. "You should try it out. It's very in this century."
Tony smirked as he pulled over a fourth drink.  "It was
Tony walked into the room suddenly, hair tousled.  He was wearing a robe but it was open and he seemed entirely unconcerned with his nudity.  He reeked like sex.
One of the suits shoved a paper at him.  "We have a search warrant. There's reason to believe you're unlawfully detaining at least one person here."
"...I'm fine.  Sorry. Fine." He forced a smile, and focused on his beer.  Steve was staring at him, concerned. Tony hated it. Hated how obviously it bothered him.  Steve was stroking his hand and his brows were furrowed with concern. Steve's face was very expressive.
"MUTE!  JARVIS, please record this, this is gamma test 1 of the Mark VII self-assembling armor.  We're using a miniature model 2 palladium-core RT in the node, electromagnetic lures on a low frequency, uh, what, 300 Hertz... ready when you are, Jarv."
Steve lifted up a piece of broken scaffold and tossed it aside so a couple of stagehands could run past.. "You guys stay safe. I'm gonna work out what the hell is going on," he told them and then lifted his phone to his ear again. "Nat? You on your way?"
getting a dog.  Dogs are gross.  If I wanted someone to slobber all over my crotch I'd go to any club in America and yell,
"Is that your real name or a fake omega name?"
The soldier hopped onto the countertop and rolled up the sleeve of his right arm.  Karpov pulled out a small brown bottle and a syringe.
"It's... it's not us, though, right?  Me and you... we're good, yeah?" he asked hesitantly.  "'Cause that's all I really care about, Steve.  I thought I would be dead by now.  But I got a new arc reactor and a second chance and... and I'm really happy that I found you and you let me mate you.  I feel like everything is going good... better than good.  I'm happy.  You're happy, right?  The last couple of weeks, they've been amazing, yeah?  We're good?  As long as you and me are good..."  He trailed off.  Steve wasn't quite meeting his eyes.
Tony slipped their hands together.  There was no real tenderness in the gesture; it was for show.  "Well, c'mon, 'mega.  Let's go give 'em what they want," said Tony.
not the one controlling the drones.  This isn't me.  I swear.  Zero liability."
good.
!  ...you look eager, beaver."  He sauntered in and ran his fingers through Steve's hair lovingly.
"Oh, no," Steve whispered. "Not this again."
"Aw, shaddup, Barton," said Tony affectionately.  Like Clint knew anything about kids. Ha.
"Thank you Nat!" Steve called back and then she hung up. An
Steve felt a strange sense of relief when his sketchbook was closed.
Steve didn't know what he wanted anymore. He didn't know what to think. What to
"...well, hospitals are places for healing," cut in Gleason.  "Captain, I'd like to suggest you stay here for at least a couple of days.  We need to keep an eye on that wound on your neck. Dual bonds tend to get more irritated and heal slower; whatever else the military doctors might have said to you, I think you should be on bedrest for the next week.  I doubt they see many dual bonds." He rose. "I'll be in tomorrow to go over some lab results with you. ...is there anything you'd like me to bring? This room doesn't seem especially... homey."
"You got
"If he gets sick, that's on you 'Captain'!"
"He's not picking up," Brock said.
The high, vaulted ceiling with the exposed oak rafters and the massive stone fireplace were a far cry from the smooth white surfaces of Tony's Malibu manor.
Tony let Steve drop him into the bed, only because he was turning inward, letting the information sink in.
"Steve, it wasn't-"
She laughed.  "...are you kidding me?  C'mon, own up. Was it my hair?"  Bucky tilted his head a little. Cece's smile faltered.  "...your omega is a man, isn't he?"
"It's not exactly a sexy kind of oil. Tony!" Steve sighed, almost fondly as Tony got down onto the floor. It meant a lot that the other was prepared to do this but seeing Tony on his knees didn't exactly give Steve some special kick, it was more the anticipation of what was going to come next...
of them?
He gently took the band from Steve's hands, got out of his chair, and knelt, holding it out to Steve.
It was such a stupid question to ask.
"I'm arousing you, aren't I?" demanded Tony, pushing the heel of his hand into the muscles of Steve's back.  "You
Steve took Tony's hand and gripped tight as they went up in the elevator together to the offices of Project 84. He didn't think they'd ever felt so responsible, collectively, for something so truly out of their control. It wasn't their fault Donner looked like Steve, or that Malick was an asshole, but they had ultimately set in course the events that led to their bond being severed.
much, did he?" asked Jed, peeking in.
"I remember her," Steve said. The last time they'd seen her was when Tony had found out about Bucky. That felt like such a long time ago now...back then they hadn't even really known Bucky was alive. Steve envied that ignorance.
"Well, that's good, I guess.  What's Project Thor?"
"I know," Tony murmured back.  He avoided Steve's gaze, looking down at his hands instead, fiddling with them.  Tony preferred his hands to be busy.  He wished he were building something.  Or playing guitar.  Hell, he would knit if he had to.  Sitting here like this, doing nothing, was driving him crazy.  "...you will," added Tony.  He hoped Steve would, anyway.  He wanted to trust Steve so, so badly, against all reason, even after two massive betrayals in a single week.  He loathed himself for feeling so close to Steve.  The only other person he felt this way with was Pepper and she had earned it after a decade of unwavering service to him.  The only thing Steve had done was let Tony bite his neck.  And yet, here they were, stuck together.
Steve watched Tony curiously and the moved to break the cookie in his own hand. He tried a piece of the biscuit and hummed approvingly before he stared down at the paper.
He had to reassure Tony ever since he'd decided to watch finding Nemo. Tony had rushed upstairs in a flurry of panic only to find Steve sobbing over a children's movie. They were still acclimating to being bonded, feeling each other's emotions.
He heaved up his rifle and found him in the scope, and slowly, slowly began to squeeze the trigger.
"Mm-hm.  Spruzzo and The Sunset have always been," said Pepper.
"Why are you doing this?" he demanded as Steve turned the page to a picture of Tony eating a snowcone, his mouth red with syrup.  "Is this punishment for not calling?"
Pepper switched tactics.  "Tony.  You can't just bail on your omega.  That's not how a good Alpha operates."
it. It was like a pull towards him. Like Steve was drawn to him without thinking (more so than before). He could feel the pang of confusion practically throbbing in his chest and it made Steve's own heart feel heavy. His Alpha was upset- he'd upset him. They were automatic thoughts, Tony was
Ow!"  Iron Man climbed heavily to his feet, the gears whirring, and hit the thrusts again, this time making a perfect exit through the hole.
He was pretty sure if Steve weren't pinning him against the edge of the bath he would slip down into the water, a happy, limp mess.  Tony had had sex thousands of times but was certain that ranked in the top ten, at least.  The rush of hormones that accompanied his orgasm felt unfamiliar and weird.  He knew this was all part of the normal bonding process, probably, but that didn't make it any less weird.
"If he was, I wouldn't be able to tell you, because it would be classified," said Phil.
"Hey!" protested Tony.  Fury ignored him, yanking the ankle monitor onto his leg roughly.
Bucky squeezed his eyes shut, concentrating.  "I... I'm not authorized. It's classified," he said.  He felt conflicted. He really wanted to give Steve everything but he also know he wasn't allowed to divulge that sort of information.  Steve had a point; who would he tell? But there were no addendums to Bucky's orders not to reveal mission details or locations. He couldn't tell Steve even though he wanted to; doing so would be defying a direct order.
Something warmed in Steve's chest. He knew he had Nat's support but he honestly never expected to hear her sticking up for Tony like that. It meant it a lot. It meant everything, actually. She offered him a small smile as they stood.  "I know you're just looking out for me," Steve told Sam quietly. "I just... your concern isn't necessary. I promise. There won't be any sleeping around and I'm working on the drinking thing.  I can look out for myself, man."
They ran along the beach. The sun was just rising over the sea, meaning rich oranges and yellows bled out into the sky. It was a calming sight after the night they'd just had. "You know all this stuff with Donner will blow over, right? One day he has to come to his senses," puffed Sam.
"Hey Steve.  You should call your agent," said Tony, leaning against the door frame, eyeing Steve's body.  "You know people are gonna wanna get interviews.  An assload of them."
"Status Alliance is all about giving omegas control over their own destinies," said Danielle.  "We just want what Alphas have always had. The right to carve out our own paths."
"You stabbed my friend in the hand," he informed Steve.  He didn't sound angry. He didn't sound anything. He was simply stating a fact.  His eyes had a weird, glassy emptiness to them. His hair was long, past his jawline, and there was a shadow of stubble on him, and heavy bags beneath his eyes.  The handsome young soldier Steve remembered from the forties was only a ghost of a memory on this man, yet it was still him, and remarkably, he was still Steve's age.  As if they weren't both shoved seventy years in the future, with nearly all their acquaintances aged or dead.
, specifically, he'd grown to love it again. Steve enjoyed the rush that the tightness in his chest gave him every time he hit the one minute mark under the water. Growing up as an asthmatic in a crowded tenement building in a bustling city, he'd never quite been able to catch his breath.  Now, he could hold it for impressively long amounts of time.
"Come," said Karpov.  "We have someone we'd like you to meet.  A new friend."
Tony sank further down into the bed; he'd kept his clothes on.  "Never mind. It's my fault you went to him. I shouldn't have pushed you with the mating, or the collars, or... or noticed Pepper.  M'sorry. I'm going to bed now. Good-night." He finished off the wine and set the empty bottle on the floor by the bed, then rolled over, closing his eyes.
"...this is probably the smoothest March we've ever had," said Pepper once Tony had disappeared.  She gave Steve a small, tired smile. "He always goes alone. I'm glad he had you out there. ...here's your itinerary for the rest of your trip.  There's nothing for tomorrow, just in case Tony's still, you know... under the weather. But the day after that I scheduled three meetings with jewelers to talk collars with you two, assuming you still want to pull this publicity stunt at the Alphas United conference, which, I can't emphasize enough, I highly discourage."
"I'm taking the week, Nat," Steve snapped as he slammed the car door shut. Phil and Clint had taken another ride to New Mexico.  Natasha had offered to drive Steve to his place; he had sat sulkily in the passenger's seat, scowling out the window, clearly not willing to talk.
Steve heaved himself up onto the stage.  "Well, they ain't controlling themselves!  Call them off!"
"Okay, boss," said Happy mollifyingly, positioning himself so Tony could lean on him.
Then again, it wasn't like Steve was stupid.  He had the internet, after all.
"Tony... Tony listen to me..." she murmured as they dragged him away from Steve's room.  "I know this is bad, but you have to fight it.  It's worse because we're in a plane and the air is re-circulating, but once we're out, you'll feel better.  You'll regret it if you do this, Tony.  You need to try to get control.  I know you can do it.  I know you're in there."
"The Winter Soldier works for him.  I think.  I don't know.  I was in his head, and Karpov is like... like his Alpha or something."
"How did he look?" Steve asked softly.
Someone else laughed.  Most of them had seen Steve eat before.
Steve nodded and then Donner was off.
compromised now. How did he know you were at your old apartment?  Only you and Fury should have known, plus, what,
"I'm not!  I'm not! Tony,
"--the Winter Soldier project was to create super-soldiers using the serum.  Project Guiding Star was about mind control. My program is
He didn't have time to think about it though. He heard footsteps. He recognised the director's heavy footfall, and there was two more with him, probably scientists. Wonderful. "Bucky," Steve whispered into his ear. "If they ask why we kissed. Don't tell them, okay? Make something up."
The doctor had seen him naked before but Steve still crossed his legs to cover himself a little.
He was most vulnerable during heat.  That much was obvious. Wanda and Pietro were lying on the beach, wearing sunglasses they'd stolen from a sidewalk vendor, their heads touching.  In moments like these, out of his heats, he liked to pretend he was beta like his sister.
not as my PA, so I don't think it was out of line to ask!"  Tony squirmed over to press himself closer to Steve, and rested his head on Steve's shoulder.
drink?  How had he ended up here?
Steve smiled against the massage table.
Tony paused, because Steve was effectively blocking the other Alpha and the omegas and he wasn't about to hit Steve.  His whole body was quaking with a low growl. His face had a slightly grey pallor and was clammy, like he was about to throw up; the reason was obvious.  He clung his right hand to his chest, and it was obviously swollen and painful.
one that Aria and Pepper had picked because it had mass appeal to all stations.  They had decided that
. "Only if you want to, of course," he added quickly, knowing it was a precious subject.
"No, Donner. You can come with me--"
.  I'm not a walk-up.  I'm a vehicle.  You would serve an airplane if it pulled up, right?"
He brushed their lips together. The gesture was intimate, comforting.
"Yeah," said Steve.  It was like he could feel Tony's gaze on the back of his neck without having to look up. A moment later, he felt Tony's fingers on his bond-mark, gently tracing its outline.  "I... Googled it," Steve admitted. "Just because it tastes bad one time doesn't mean it always will.  The gland and the mark, they can change over time."
Tony's working fingers made him shiver involuntarily as they passed over serum-smooth skin. Steve watched Tony stand and took the hand when it was offered automatically. Their fingers slotted together just right.
"I love you too," Steve told him, voice strangely serious as he reached forward to grab Tony's hand.
