“You mentioned yesterday that you have dogs, Mr. Amberley?” said John, noticing that the dogs were nowhere to be seen.
“… It’s healed,” said Mycroft, after a long pause.
And when the house sparrow returned to him from flitting about the bushes, Young Sherlock stretched out a hand to it—his bird, his 'friend', the only thing that yet knew of his gift—and the moment his fingers met the little bird's wing, the bird died with a shock of darkness.
“They saw the message I left for you and realized I was speaking to others outside the Tong. They came on their own, to try to stop me from talking before I could betray them. They feared that they would be punished for my actions. I could not make them listen to my reasons.”
“You’ll bother Mrs. Hudson.”
Sherlock whirled on his brother, and practically roared to the room at large, “
“I underestimated how stupid you are.”
<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
Sherlock whipped around to see John casually putting his hands behind his back again, trying not to laugh.
died,” said Sherlock offhandedly.
“I’m not a tool. Or an experiment. We have no idea if our Gifts interact,” said Sherlock, struggling and failing to sound firm.
“Oh my God,” said John, dropping into a chair. “I was hoping you’d be wrong for once. I was really hoping you’d be wrong.”
bad?”
That was it.
John blinked. “Wait. So… so when you and I were leaving Bart’s, there was a break-in? By someone that wasn’t you.”
“No,” answered John, holding open the door for Lestrade. “I think he said something about trying to talk to some museum curator about teapots. I don’t have a clue either,” he added, when Lestrade gave him a baffled look. “He’s barely in now. It’s Moriarty at all hours of the day. I’m under house arrest with no idea what’s happening.”
Sherlock’s feet connected with the knees of the man attacking him, sending the man flying, and Sherlock rolled away and to his feet just as his opponent smacked the pavement with a grunt of pain.
John looked at him squarely. “I definitely could.”
He rounded the far corner, in the direction Mycroft had indicated, and John’s shout was lost in the noise from the fire alarms and the steady beat of his feet on the floor as he ran.
“Back?” repeated John, and he couldn’t keep the hint of frustration out of his tone. “You’ve barely been here five minutes and you’re off
“In this instance, I disagree,” said Mycroft.
Sherlock snorted. “I don’t do loose. I prefer being tightly wound, not shapeless with extra room for surprises.”
“That’s one opinion,” mumbled Sherlock grouchily.
Sherlock nodded. “I can assist—“
“I’ve long since stopped expecting anything like that.” Another agitated click of the umbrella. “Even when I am acting in your best interest.”
“And we would have lost our chance at capturing the sniper and vexing Moriarty,” Sherlock replied. “So it was a mutually beneficial partnership.”
"Hi," she said again, quite clearly flustered. She looked at Lestrade and hurried to say hello to him as well, even more pink. "Hi Greg. Everything all right?"
Someone had planned to smuggle John’s body out through those doors not two weeks ago.
. John lurched upright with a yell, eyes still half shut as he flailed around to look first at the pillow that had collided with him (now on the floor) and then at Sherlock. “What the FUCK—“
Oh shit. Shit. Shit, shit, shit,
He answered Lestrade’s questions with a minimal amount of sarcasm, and led the way inside.
“Are you sure you don’t want something to eat?”
"I know." John thought about this for a moment. "All right,” he said, turning back to Sherlock. “So no one wins. Our bet, I mean.”
because GAH it’s such a great phrase
strange dream.
“Why on Earth would I suggest sending
He wouldn’t be positively identified; he was sure of that much. And of course, he always kept a few tricks in reserve, in case of emergency. So, as long as John didn’t prove too much of a hindrance, it should all go according to plan.
It figures Mycroft can't stop himself from getting involved.
Sherlock knelt and set his phone on the floor, looking from John to Soo Lin and back again. He wasn’t sure if he could bring himself to touch her, terrified that at any second she might cross the line between alive and dead and he would unknowingly —or knowingly—bring her back to life. But doing nothing wasn’t an option.
Sherlock and Lestrade both looked around in unison, and found the stairs empty.
(See the end of the chapter for
“So the other Black Lotus being here tonight was just coincidence?” asked Sherlock, doubtful. “Why would your own people attack you? Without being given an order to?”
, every single one of them. All suffering from the same failure of imagination.”
John waited for a long moment before he returned back upstairs. He opened Sherlock’s laptop and searched for news. Nothing.
John stood next to Mycroft, watching the cab trundle down the street and around the corner. He glanced at Mycroft out of the corner of his eye.
“I’m going to be honest, I have been
Sherlock opened his mouth, and what tumbled out somehow managed to cling to what remained of his usual stubbornness. “What the
Sherlock jumped over the coffee table and landed in the middle of the hall, attempting to block any view of the stairs from the door, just as the door flew open.
“Look, we can call it magic, we can call it a miracle, we can call it whatever the hell you want,” said John. “That part doesn’t matter so much.” He rubbed his shoulder absently. “I think I’ll patch this up anyway. It’s a clean shot and all, but if I’m going to be around for a while, I think I’d rather not have a gaping hole in my shoulder. Hopefully I can fix this myself, though, so I don’t have to try to explain it to a surgeon.”
“Or, not dying. In your case, apparently.”
. It’s out in the open, and I’m meant to see it. Meaning that the real message is that I’m being watched, and I should
“You look like you’re about to rip your mobile in half,” came John’s voice, interrupting Sherlock’s thoughts like a bucket of cold water.
“You have to leave,” said Sherlock flatly, without looking at him.
, for anyone interested or who might want to use something like this in their own writing ;D
“Really?” demanded Mycroft, face red. “Do you have a better explanation for John Watson being here?”
“Sure,” said Sherlock without any enthusiasm, and he shuffled into the living room to take a seat in his usual chair.
“There’s no need to be melodramatic,” said Sherlock dourly.
Sherlock ran his fingers through his hair agitatedly, breathing fast. “If I touch a body that Moriarty has already brought back and made dead again, and nothing happens, then it seems as if our Gifts do intersect. So I’m willing to bet those he brings back can be made dead again by me, and those I bring back—“
John nodded. “Right. Well… thanks, again.”
“If there was anything, John, you’d be the first to know,” said Sherlock.
“More than anything, we’re just glad you’re okay,” said John, giving Sherlock an exasperated look.
On the arm of his chair, his phone buzzed again.
“I know what you mean, dear, I’ve got a hip,” said Mrs. Hudson with a knowing nod. “Drives me mad, sometimes. If it wasn’t for the occasional ‘herbal soother’, honestly… But anyway, how about I make us a cuppa before I head back downstairs?”
John crossed his arms. “That’s something. Not that I want to do what Moriarty wants, but we can’t just ignore the fact that Gruner’s making life hell for a lot of people.”
It was, John thought, quite possibly the worst possible choice of words Mycroft could have made.
Now was the time to run. He just—wasn’t sure how they were going to do that.
John’s heart couldn’t decide if it wanted to race with relief or stop dead at the sight of Sherlock. He raised a hand, taking a step in Sherlock’s direction. “Let me explain—“ he started.
Sherlock stepped forward and opened the door to the closest one of Mycroft’s cars. “You need to leave before you start giving life advice.”
Sherlock blinked.
John sent a text.
Someone was rounding the corner up ahead, and it was not difficult for Sherlock to recognize who it was, and run after.
“I shouldn’t have to, since
“There’s more we should talk about,” said Mycroft a moment later. “Regarding Moriarty. If you’d like to discuss it.”
It was a case, Sherlock realized.
“More exciting than urgent.” Sherlock held up a little scrap of paper for John to see. The numbers John had photographed were copied onto it, with the numerical translation and the associated word beneath each one. “I translated it on the ride here. It says ‘after closing today’. So she must either have the information we need or be expecting to have it by the end of the day. Either way, we’ll know in a few hours.”
Sherlock stopped at his chair by the window. “This was your personal bag, and the way you perused it yesterday suggests it was as you’d last seen it and had not been tampered with, so the placement of objects reveals plenty—for instance, the condition of the letter. You have a handgun stowed in there. Your bearing reveals you are serious, cautious, and assertive. And may, on occasion, curse like the best of them.”
A passing woman, older and small in stature, rounded the corner ahead of him and ambled past. She nearly collided with him. Sherlock sidestepped her (any other person might have offered a steadying arm, but this was Sherlock) and kept walking.
Something that John's getting progressively more annoyed about. The poor man's bored! BOOOOOORED. Especially when Sherlock's undoubtedly being dangerous and exciting. John's frustrations with being left behind and so often in the dark is undermining his confidence that he should be there. Rather leaves him wondering, what's the point of being alive again if he's useless?
“Good God,” said Lestrade. He took out a set of handcuffs. “So it was him? Are you sure he did it?”
“Seven seconds,” said Moriarty, eyes on his watch.
“Oh, don’t be naïve,” said Mycroft. “You had to know I would get involved the second Lestrade had to call me to help save your life at the Lucky Cat Emporium. And you had to know I would take notice when someone as questionable as he is—“ He pointed an accusing finger at John. “—has something to do with it.”
John laughed, dropping the pillow on his lap. “Give it a few hours. I’m sure he’ll call soon with something for you to do.
John’s behavior over the last two days was seemingly normal, if bland.
John shrugged again. “I’m biased, but anything to do with both Moriarty and snipers is going to make me suspicious. There just aren’t many guys as good as this one running around, and if he’s had military training, he’d know when and how someone like me would be vulnerable, and he’d know how to take out someone like Shan without causing a scene. Might as well check. If the bullet from me is still on file—“
we’re being watched. That’s why we needed to get back to Baker Street. If he can threaten those people, he can buy them, too. I’m sure in the cleanup it wouldn’t be too hard to hide something small. Then he wouldn’t even need to waste the manpower stalking my every move. He could just listen to me tell him exactly where I intend to go and what I intend to d—“
that he was capable of? Most people, in the sixty seconds Sherlock allotted them to answer his questions, assumed the experience wasn’t real. It was a dream, it was heaven, it was a weird hallucination and they would wake up in the hospital any second now. The few that processed the reality assumed this was their special “last chance” to say anything to those they were leaving behind, never mind that a total stranger was the one speaking to them. Even the cabbie had been more amused than anything else, focused on his confession and not the circumstances of their conversation. Most of the people he brought back to life didn’t understand, and most didn’t want to. John was perhaps the only exception, and that was only after a significant amount of explanation significantly well after the typical sixty seconds.
It was the same man and woman who’d paused to eye them when they’d arrived, he realized. He recognized them—Anderson and Donovan. He hadn’t interacted with them much at the Lucky Cat, but it wasn’t particularly difficult to see that most of Lestrade’s people, and these two most of all, were not fans of Sherlock.
“Are you having any trouble breathing?” asked John, leaning forward a little and shifting Sherlock’s shirt so he could look at his chest and side.
Sherlock grunted in response.
“Really?” Lestrade paused uncertainly, but he looked reassured all the same, and after a moment he smiled a bit. “Well, good. I bet John agrees with me. Anyway, keep me posted if you figure anything out tonight, and otherwise I’ll text you in the morning about looking around. Do you want a lift home?”
Lestrade reached the door first, and held it open for Sherlock. “Careful now. Don’t enter without me.”
“Come
Moriarty gave John a brief appraising look, his gaze back to Sherlock in a second. “Wow. Your pet’s figured out the problem here before you. That’s a bit embarrassing.”
had to live with, then it’s your own fault,” John went on. “He can’t help being like this. It’s not his fault he has this – Gift, or whatever.“
“I’m not considerate,” retorted Sherlock. “Twenty minutes ago you were complaining I’d almost gotten you killed.”
And completely fine.
“What?” said Sherlock. “No, of course not. ‘Useless’ is an empty soap dispenser in the bathroom sitting there reminding people what it could be doing while doing nothing at all.”
I was so excited to finally write this chapter, though it took me several re-writes before I was happy with it. But I'm so excited to bring Moran in at long last. I always had the headcanon that John and Moran had crossed paths somehow in Afghanistan - admittedly, not like this, but it’s all that much more exciting if people died in the process, right? … Right?
Might as well complicate things with Mycroft... haha... Because Moriarty's not enough of a problem on his own... hahahaha...
The curtain hanging by the window swayed gently in the breeze.
It was the break between classes and dinner. Young Sherlock always spent this time reading, generally on his own in some quiet corner of the building. It was February, so he was restricted to the indoors. And his desire to find a place to read away from everyone else came with the stipulation that, if there were to be any trouble, he would be far away from everyone who might think to step in.
Sherlock leapt up off to the floor and to his feet without warning, making Watson jump in surprise.
on his chair. “Then if that’s settled, the next step is to get you out of here. I don’t want to risk you being seen talking to me.”
Sure enough, it did come.
Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade was surprised and a little disconcerted when it took the Detective nine minutes and several seconds to return from the morgue. After all, he wasn't aware that Sherlock was leaving behind the man known as John, who was lying in the dark in a coffin, trying to make sure he'd not just imagined the last nine minutes (while also contemplating exactly how a very much alive person should endeavour to look more dead).
“A client, not a pet,” repeated Sherlock.
“Your time, specifically. He wants to kill
Marvelous. Just what he needed. Further complications.
John looked at the building, and then at Mycroft. “And if I refuse?”
The Detective didn’t believe in luck.
Lestrade no longer looked quite as sour. "I thought you said you had nothing to go on—"
“Yes you would,” Sherlock replied.
Sherlock’s fuse was already short, and he found it getting shorter by the minute.
“Good.”
It was not especially difficult for John to grasp the urgency of the situation. By now, he too had heard the footsteps coming up the stairs, and while he did not possess Sherlock’s mind, he was in possession of enough intellect to put two and two together, to understand that the steps on the stairs could only bode ill for the two of them.
“Yes.”
John swapped his gloves for a clean pair, carefully making sure they covered his skin once pulled over his sleeves, and this time Sherlock observed with interest, feeling less irritable now that he was in a little less pain.
He could see John, in his mind, standing with arms crossed and a faint scowl on his face—but, the imaginary John gave a satisfied nod.
Both brothers looked at one another, eyes searching.
? And you’re
“Concerns,” repeated Mycroft. “Yes, some rather significant concerns.”
I hope the long chapter helps make up for the delay, and with any luck it'll all be much more to-schedule for the foreseeable future! I should be back to regular updates once I'm done with classes and my summer work is up and running. By the end of May, for sure.
Sherlock nodded. “If they involve covert assassinations, explosives, or guarding Moriarty himself, then I think Moran’s arrest is a very big loss.”
information,” corrected Lestrade. “You just didn’t figure that out.”
John shrugged. “I don’t mind a change in scenery. All I do is sit in the flat anyway. I’m more worried about our safety than anything else. And frankly, unless you give me a way to help you, it doesn’t really matter to me where we’re working.”
John let out a long, exasperated sigh. “
Sherlock slammed his laptop shut.
John Watson, captain, army doctor, and, he had thought, utterly ordinary.
This was, strangely, the one eventuality that Sherlock was not prepared to handle.
“Give me a break,” said John wearily. “You like evidence, yeah? Give me a chance to collect some before you hold me to any conclusions.”
Another dove somewhere in the garden sang a few sad notes that sounded like a funeral dirge for Young Sherlock's childhood.
He had no idea why he would be at a swimming pool.
“I’m positive,” said Sherlock. “It fits. It all fits. I’m an idiot for not seeing it before.”
“But Inspector Lestrade could offer no clues regarding your background,” added Mycroft. “He mentioned medicine.”
,” said John forcefully, like every ounce of his being was being poured into that one word.
Soo Lin went on, “But I wanted to leave the Tong. I thought I could, if I disappeared and left London. I could start over, working like I do now but on my own terms. Since we came to London I have been fortunate, in a way, to be placed in the museum—I was able to live a life that was not always in the shadows. Even small things, like caring for teapots in the museum’s collection, have meant a great deal to me. I could be happy living that kind of life. I thought, maybe, my brother and I could run away and start over. So the last time I saw my brother, I asked him to come with me… but he would not. He had been their weapon of choice for so long, and he was no longer able or willing to change. We argued. In the end I decided that I was going to leave without him. I would have already left London by now. But that was before…”
“Can I
Employer. Employer,
Ahead of him, Moran had slowed. At Sherlock’s shout, he stopped, and slowly turned on the spot, so that he and Sherlock stood at opposite ends of the deserted street. For a moment, they both stood, breathing heavily as they watched one another.
“I’m don’t understand,” said John blankly.
Sherlock hesitated. He leaned out the door a fraction to peer left and right down the street, and then he looked over his shoulder at John, who had just rejoined him and was standing in the hallway. He turned back to the woman, sighed, and stepped aside, ushering her over the threshold.
After all, does Mycroft know about Sherlock's gift?...
“You seem to have recovered from the shock, for what it’s worth,” Sherlock said to Mycroft.
? How could there be nothing? How could an entire network of people have neglected to take note of something he was
Sherlock’s glare was so intense that Lestrade was beginning to sweat, and the suggestion died off.
“I wouldn’t be, if you’d let me do my job,” John added.
, Sherlock! Preferably before we go charging into your flat, since the location and security are now quite clearly compromised—”
A loud bang interrupted Amberley. He, John, and Lestrade all looked around, but didn’t see anything. “Did you hear something?” said Amberley anxiously.
A mistake he had never before made with a human life.
“Look, I’m…” he said, looking awkward. “I’m sorry about the whole, uh, you know.”
“All doors can be opened,” said Sherlock, a little too smugly. He clarified, “With the proper application of knowledge and skill. And a set of picks. Really, this would have been moderately more challenging if the lock used a keycard. For a museum’s security, this is beyond subpar.”
To his surprise, Sherlock seemed to ponder this rather seriously for a moment before he said slowly, “I don’t think so, no.”
John stared.
“I wouldn’t do anything rash if I were you,” said Sherlock coolly. “He isn’t going to get you out of a murder charge this time.”
Obviously, the skull couldn’t think, nor could it express any kind of thought whatsoever, but even the skull was probably thinking the same thing as John.
"We just wanted to see him," said Lestrade. "Part of an ongoing investigation."
, exactly?” demanded John, making to step around Sherlock and keep going. Sherlock shifted to block him again. “How you killed someone by not sending me back? Because I’ve figured that much out on my own now, no thanks to you.”
Sherlock’s throat felt suddenly constricted. “You.”
The loading dock was not subtle.
John’s expression was somehow both blank and full of meaning, layers upon layers of emotion that Sherlock couldn’t even begin to parse or decipher.
Lestrade had called him up three days later with a particularly perplexing locked-door homicide. He'd chosen the case for a few reasons. For one, cases as gruesome as these tended to scare away the amateurs. Secondly, there would certainly need to be a lot of evidence bagged and collected, meaning the whole team would be called in, which offered a prime opportunity to see how the newcomer interacted both with the crime scene and with the rest of Lestrade's people. And finally, there was the simple fact that Lestrade had
“He thinks it’s worth coming here to see for himself,” said Sherlock in exasperation. He’d spent a solid thirty minutes trying to convince Mycroft that there was nothing to worry about, to no avail. “Potential bomb threat and terrorist implications and whatnot.”
“Good, yeah, fine,” said John with a nod. He paused, and cleared his throat. “Good,” he said again, before plodding his way upstairs. Sherlock heard the bedroom door close behind him with a gentle click.
“And would you look at that!” interrupted Sherlock, voice practically dripping with fake enthusiasm. “A dumb idea just found a friend.”
“How’s your head?” he asked.
Sherlock slowed, breathing heavily even though he’d only gone a short distance, and finally stopped in the middle of the street.
This was his first day back as a civilian, and he had no idea what that meant. No idea what to do. No idea how to pass the time.
“I’m busy. Aren’t you a soldier? Shouldn’t you be ready to leap into action at a moment’s notice whenever a crisis arises?”
I couldn’t resist the opportunity to write John’s side of the pool meeting, just for this chapter. After all, he did just vanish in the last update... to where we all knew he'd end up. All things considered I think he's keeping it together really well. Real well. Super. Not panicking at all... definitely no internal screaming... 8[
The object—a tiny glass needle—shattered.
you to know.” He smiled anxiously, almost laughing, though largely from nerves. “I wouldn’t mind it if you thought a little better of me than ‘blackmailed drug addict’. And strangely enough, I think this is better. So—this is the truth. And I’m… not ashamed of it.”
I'm also very new to the site, and this is my first ever AU, so I hope it isn't horrible. XD
“Why the
“Okay.” John decided to trust that that was true, if only just to save himself a little bit of stress. There was enough already. “I’ll text Mycroft and Lestrade to meet us in a few hours, after we’ve all gotten a little rest.”
“Decided to look though old cases for potential connections to James Moriarty. That is what you do when I’m out and you’re here, isn’t it?”
Sherlock sat back, his expression transported as the pieces clicked into place. “It’s where I began.”
“… Did you bring your gun?”
was in the proximity!” fumed Lestrade.
“Or trying to kill us.”
Molly nodded in agreement, smiling a little, while Lestrade looked over her shoulder at Sherlock with an expression of undisguised skepticism.
John looked around and noticed a chair in front of the desk. He sat, hands in his lap. “Your plants could use some water,” he mumbled.
And being watched.
“No,” said Lestrade flatly. “You’re going to get her fired just by asking nicely for things you aren’t allowed to have.”
Sherlock turned and lazily dropped into his chair, and steepled his fingers under his chin. “Have I missed anything?”
“He did tell you things. None of the things you were looking for, of course, but that was the point. People are likely to say too much about one thing when they think you’re listening for another.”
John and Sherlock looked at one another. John’s face was set, his expression hard, his tone forceful. “You don’t have to do anything he says. If you stay, then we’re both dead no matter what. So just go. Go,
“If I have to do something drastic, I will. But I’m hoping he’ll get distracted by a war or a new bakery next to his mansion and he’ll just piss off. Just a matter of time,” said Sherlock. He wasn’t sure how long it would be, but surely Mycroft would go away sooner or later. Sherlock was quite certain that Mycroft didn’t care about him enough to meddle forever. He always gave up sooner or later, out of annoyance or indifference. They weren’t emotionally close enough to one another to be bothered expending much energy annoying the other.
Sherlock blinked in surprise once more, for three reasons.
“Obviously.”
He regretted ever half-wishing something would happen at the flat. He regretted being bored. He regretted missing anything other than peaceful calm.
“I’m not. I was just worried about you, that’s all.”
“In that case… Perhaps you should show him the bomb now,” said Moriarty’s voice. “Just so he knows where we stand for all of this. Show him the bomb, nice and easy, and say…”
His head was bleeding.
The driver fell out.
Another slightly ahead-of-schedule update. Just couldn't stop myself posting a little early. XD Happy Saturday!
Sherlock blinked. Then he blinked again. And once more, in a state of utter confusion. “What?”
GET OUT OF HERE, JIM, NO ONE INVITED YOU
After a moment, he realized he could feel Sherlock watching him, and he turned his head to look over his shoulder, opening his mouth to say something benign and vaguely reassuring. But he stopped.
Sherlock heard the woman hiss something (“Bì zuǐ!”), and then she snapped at the last man standing, “Before we are
Not dead.
His mind, so often full of thoughts, was eerily blank.
Mycroft’s eyes widened, and his gaze turned to Sherlock. “Is he in danger?”
But if they did, Sherlock knew he would be exposing them to incredible temptation. And incredible danger.
Gruner unlocked the door to his office, revealing a room just as expensively decorated as the rest of the house and filled with dozens of glass cabinets housing numerous delicate ceramic dishes and vases and sculptures.
By the time he made it to Bart’s, it was late. He saw Molly’s car still in the lot where she always parked during the day, and knew by the hour and by the number of paper bags in the backseat of her car that Molly was not working late, but had instead gone out to get groceries before remembering she’d forgotten something at the morgue. Something mundane, there was no question. It was perfect timing. If she was in, of course she would help him look into things…
Lestrade looked more and more uncomfortable with the idea the longer John spoke, which John could easily see.
And the sparrow raised its head, let out a cheep, and leapt up, flying around and around his head, and then up into the trees.
“Both are correct.”
Mycroft shook his head ever so slightly. “No, you weren’t.”
They said their goodbyes, John promising to keep them updated as best he could, and then he set off into the house. He could just make out Mrs. Hudson saying “You know what Sherlock is like… he’s just a bit worked up…” before he stepped inside.
“Of course it is,” said John. “Look, I know you’ve been enjoying the intrigue with Moriarty, but the rest of us are more anxious than entertained.”
Thanks so much for your feedback, comments, kudos, support, and patience most of all! <3 You're all incredible -- thanks so much for coming along for the ride with me ~! :D
John glared, and tried, “Or at least get someone to come here and assist—“
Sherlock gave Watson a look that made Watson shift uncomfortably from his seat in the case, feeling distinctly as though he were being examined from the inside out and was about to be (metaphorically) dissected. It was unnerving. But Watson matched Sherlock's stare—admittedly with far less intensity—until the thought came to him that the Detective was not so much glaring at him as he was staring furiously into space, which just so happened to have settled itself somewhere in front of Watson.
Not the skull.
John leapt to his feet, shoving an ID in his back pocket and grabbing his gun out of the drawer in his bedside table, before he hurried to the bedroom door. He held the gun in hand as he descended the stairs quickly but carefully. The air was filled with a cloud of dust before he reached the bottom, a dense haze of smoke and particles only just beginning to settle, giving the air a greyish tinge. John’s foot touched the bottom of the stairs with a crunch of broken glass.
John turned away from them, catching up to Sherlock and Lestrade.
Sherlock: you could at least try to come up with something original
A handful of policemen and firemen were still lingering around the room, but Lestrade ushered them away. “Give us the room for just a minute?” he said.
Reading, commenting, and kudos-ing (?) and anything else are hugely appreciated -- it tells me I should keep going! XD
“I know perfectly well that there’s nothing I can do to make up for what I said before, or what I didn’t say,” said Mycroft, straightening and looking up at Sherlock. “So I simply hope that this will help repair some of the damage I’ve done.” He held the folder out to Sherlock.
“I’ll do my best,” said Sherlock, turning and waving at a cab a short way down the street, which rumbled up to the curb in front of 221B. “And you, don’t get seen.”
“Fascinating,” said Sherlock drily. “Mrs. Hudson, don’t you have somewhere to be? Chatting up Mr. Chatterjee next door or some such nonsense?”
“I have a clue,” said Sherlock defensively. “I have many clues. Just—insubstantial ones.”
Sherlock had a strange look on his face, and it dawned on John with a jolt that it was a kind of embarrassment. The Detective trailed off, and after a moment, John understood why. “You don’t know.”
**leaps into the Sun**
“And yet,” continued Mycroft, “I’ve found you are quite difficult to identify. In fact, as far as I can tell, you don’t exist.”
Sherlock glared, hitching an outraged frown onto his face, as Gruner set down the dish.
"Well obviously, I'd prefer that," said Watson with an amiable smile and a shrug. "But - well, not like I can do anything about it."
John crouched down next to Sherlock, who tried to sit up until John held him down with one careful hand on his shoulder.
Dying, but not yet dead.
“The Roll of Honor hasn’t been updated since last Friday,” said Sherlock, as John leaned forward to squint at the screen. “News of your death won’t have been publicized.”
“You can get that from a knock on the door?” demanded John, more impressed than disbelieving.
John smiled a bit. “Doctor first. The soldier comes out when I need it.”
“Sounds like a start,” said John, looking up. He paused, then added, “Do you mind if I step out for a bit?”
“Money,” said Kitty bitterly. “Every spare cent I have, just about. For his bloody china collection.”
“It would appear,” said Sherlock finally, “that we were not the only people in St. Bart’s who shouldn’t have been that night.”
Sherlock wrenched his thoughts out of his head and back to the real world, and frantically waved down a cab. As soon as one rolled up to the curb, he opened the door and barked his address at the driver. By the time the car had started moving, he was lost in his own thoughts again, running through scenarios and overanalyzing every word of the note from Moriarty jammed in his coat pocket.
Sherlock pinched the bridge of his nose, eyes shut tight. “Obviously we have almost nothing to go on, and anything I say will be tantamount to conjecture, but…” He looked up at John. “I think so, yes.”
The bottles were more interesting. A single matching pill in each little bottle.
“Your point being?”
Sherlock pursed his lips, understanding John’s unease, but he said, “She came to us because she thinks the situation is so dire that she needs to be able to act even if she’s dead. You and I both want to make sure that doesn’t happen. But she’s almost certainly going to die if we don’t catch the sniper before Moriarty gives the order to get rid of the Black Lotus. A lot of people are almost certainly going to die. If there’s a chance we can prevent that—“
“Nothing,” said Lestrade. “It’s just—“
“Speaking of hospital,” said Mycroft, “I think we may want some officers to accompany those who do need more complex medical attention, Lestrade. I’d rather not give Moriarty the opportunity to further compromise my staff.”
John’s eyes widened. “There’s more?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, though he smiled a little as well. “I suppose so,” he said. “Your medical insight and your experience handling crises of this particular nature proved rather helpful, that’s all.”
“I doubt it,” said Sherlock snidely, just as his phone buzzed in his hand.
Mycroft: lol be serious bro
John fell asleep on the sofa, and was woken when Sherlock chucked a pillow at him. After a few utterances of “sod off”, he grumbled, “So what’s going on?”
“It would appear John has gone out,” said Sherlock. He sounded far more nonplussed than he felt.
On the contrary, he was now very, very interested.
“He’s your brother,” said John vaguely. He had no intention of ever mentioning his private conversation with Mycroft. “He’s had a lot to think about. And I imagine he feels like he has some catching up to do.”
Sherlock gave Mycroft a look which showed quite clearly that he was debating how best to go about throttling him. “And how long is that going to take.”
“I’ve done a complete cost-benefit analysis,” said Mycroft (which made John roll his eyes, but didn’t seem to surprise Sherlock). “And no matter how I look at it, this
But keys were rattling in the lock on the other side of the door.
“No.”
. I can get you a deal. One that can truly protect you and the people you lead. Tell me everything, and I don’t have to die, you don’t have to die, and your people of the Black Lotus don’t have to die. I doubt Moriarty will be quite so generous.” Sherlock stared into Shan’s eyes with enough intensity for her to believe every word. “I can help you,” he said. “If you work with me.”
Distinctly possible. The world was spinning under his feet.
Watson had happened.
“Fine,” said Sherlock. He swept to the door, grabbing his coat off the back of a kitchen chair as he went and tugging it on. His phone was unceremoniously shoved in a trouser pocket. “I have a few idiots to attend to.”
“Because of Sherlock.”
“But I don’t know anything about that,” said John again.
Sherlock turned around quickly, looking up. A woman was craning over to look at him and the cabbie; a few other pedestrians were behind her. It would seem that people were beginning to notice the dead man flopped ludicrously on the ground.
~o~O~o~
“I will,” said Soo Lin, bowing her head, making her way to the stairs. Sherlock and John followed, hanging back as she took her coat off the hook by the door and pulled it on. When she was ready to leave, she looked at Sherlock again, with another small, determined smile, the corners of her mouth trembling ever so slightly.
John gestured hopelessly. “He said it himself. He doesn’t know how he can do it, but he’s spent
“I suspect a full day,” said Mycroft, who to his credit looked completely unperturbed by Sherlock’s death-glare.
He kept watch out the closest small window, and within two minutes, responders had arrived, and within four minutes, the (very much dead) cabbie was lifted onto a stretcher, and carried away. The crowd dispersed within eleven minutes.
"Don't touch me," said Sherlock sharply. He could not permit Watson to be dead just yet. Not until he'd figured out how this happened. It wasn't as if it mattered if he let Watson stay alive for a few more minutes. The damage had been done. There was no going back.
He was always sure.
“I didn’t have a choice,” said Sherlock.
!” she cried, gaping at him, and Sherlock shifted uncomfortably. “What on Earth have you gotten yourself into?!”
The case had been a particularly weird one, involving several plastic flamingos and a pitchfork. All anyone could get out of it was that, somehow, someone had impaled a woman with a wide variety of garden implements, and the entire thing was one ridiculous mess. So, naturally, Lestrade phoned Sherlock.
Then he crawled to the other side of the door, moving to the man’s side, and he got to work.
“Well, I guess not
“Even so—“
At 9:13am precisely, Sherlock’s phone rang.
“But—“ said Lestrade.
Amberley let out a scream. Lestrade took a step away from Amberley, and John could see why; the man looked demented. Amberley clapped his hands over his mouth.
“Once you’re allowed to go back to work.”
But John went on, “But I think so. Correct me if I’m wrong, but you were supposed to kill the informant outright. That’s why you blew up the convoy moving him. But he lived, and you had to cover your tracks. I mean, sure, I got in your way, but only because you did a shit job taking out the informant in the first place.”
“There’s no need to be rude.”
“But that doesn’t mean he isn’t suspicious about it for other reasons,” objected Lestrade, glancing around the car park as if concerned Mycroft was going to appear behind him and strangle him. “Suspicious enough to seal all the records and look to me for information. Without knowing you brought John back from the dead and inadvertently uncovered a multinational underground criminal empire, it just looks like you’re poking around a case that involves the stolen body of a dead veteran and a guy who looks a hell of a lot like said dead veteran, and
“You’re such a killjoy,” said Sherlock.
“Mud. London and Sussex,” repeated Sherlock.
Sherlock gaped at Moriarty, avoiding John’s gaze as if it was eye contact and not skin contact that would kill him instantly, because he knew the truth would read on his face if they looked at one another. “What are you
Hoping for more regular weekly or biweekly updates from now on - I start grad school this week, but I'm hoping I still have a decent handle on my life even with that??? Maybe I'm insane. I probably am.
“Don’t start lecturing me about tetanus, I’m set on that front.”
All of this passed through the Detective’s mind in the span of a second; out loud, he said, “Can I help you?”
This was not the response Sherlock had been expecting.
So much for lying low, John thought, but it was not as if he could have hidden from the landlady forever. And she seemed nice enough.
Thanks, as ever, to my amazing beta,
John scowled at Sherlock, nodded stiffly to Lestrade and Amberley, and left the room to get dressed.
Sherlock turned his back on John, pacing the length of the room a few times, and after a moment, John dropped the pillow he was holding back onto the bed.
Sherlock generally preferred the company of his experiments and empty flat to the company of actual, living people.
“I’ll do my best to be prepared for whatever eventuality,” said Sherlock.
“Do you really feel that way?” said Sherlock softly. “About me, I mean.”
John raised an eyebrow. “Can I help?”
,” said John. “I know what I’m doing.”
“No. sort of. Not really. It’s a random proximity thing, there was no choice or decision-making or any similar thought process whatsoever. It just happened.”
Soo Lin nodded tentatively. “All right.”
Sherlock, for all the world, looked like he felt eight years old again. He looked frightened in that way children are when they hope against hope that everything is going to be all right, that the cynicism and cruelty of the adult world will pass them by for just a little longer.
“… You’re scaring me, smiling like that,” said Lestrade, staring at Sherlock with an unnerved expression. “What did you just figure out.”
Sherlock inclined his head. “Good idea. Better for you, I’m sure. I am curious to see how you heal now that your body is now instantly renewing on the cellular level. Recovery time may be interesting.”
“Isn’t that the case with the soldier?” asked Molly. “We don’t have his body, you see. It – maybe Detective Inspector Lestrade mentioned it? There was a break-in and someone took the body. It was awful. Security is so much tighter now; we all have new badges and more night guards, and…”
don’t think it was a good idea!” fumed Sherlock, temper immediately soaring from ‘pacified’ to ‘murderous’.
is Moriarty’s message?” said John pointedly.
“I have no desire to go anywhere or do anything,” said Sherlock. “Moriarty… can wait a day.”
. Like I said, I’m saving that for something special. So I won’t kill you until I need to kill you. But obviously, that doesn’t mean you can run off and keep interfering with my work without consequence. Don’t be stupid. No. We’re here tonight so I could meet you, and so I could warn you that if you don’t back off, I’ll burn you.”
Then Mycroft said, when John remained silent, “In any event, it ends now.”
He had done this many times before. This time was no different.
“I do,” said their visitor. “I want to. I hope you can help me, and that I can help you as well. Though I understand if you do not believe me. Or trust me.”
John noticed Mycroft take a careful step back when Sherlock approached, eyes flickering to the photo, and he just hoped that Sherlock didn’t notice too.
“Because we’re out of options,” said Mycroft stiffly.
John leapt to his feet, following Sherlock into the kitchen. “Well? What is it? Is it the message from Moriarty?”
, went his mobile. Lestrade was calling. Sherlock clicked ignore and made a point of knocking his phone to the floor and not picking it up.
Sherlock caught the trainer and held it up. “It was a kid. And he clearly loved these. You’re right that he was meticulous in caring for them. You can see they’ve been cleaned, and re-laced, several times. Three—no, four times. But you can see traces of flaky skin from his fingers on the new laces and around the inner edge, so he suffered from eczema. Shoes are British-made. Twenty years old.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Wait, what are you talking about?” asked John in confusion, but Sherlock did not reply. He wasn’t going to fill John in on only half the details. Not if he had nothing of value to tell.
When John went downstairs the next morning, he glanced at Sherlock’s closed door.
“Keeping an eye on Mrs. Hudson,” said Lestrade. Mrs. Hudson chose that moment to appear at Lestrade’s elbow, wearing a nightdress and dressing gown and with a soapy skillet clutched somewhat menacingly in one hand, though she too lowered her weapon upon seeing the group clustered by the door.
Different dead person.
“Then just be careful,” said John. “I don’t want to have to rescue you from Moriarty’s personal kidnappers again.”
,” said Lestrade, after a long silence.
Sherlock stumbled, but John kept him upright, and Sherlock pretended it had never happened. “Civilians aren’t supposed to have guns,” he said finally.
“So that’s something,” said John.
“A consulting detective.”
," said Watson, looking at Sherlock with an unapologetic expression of awe.
from you. We are
“Christ alive!” spluttered John, sitting bolt upright and looking around in all directions. He caught sight of Sherlock standing at the door through bleary eyes and sank back onto the bed with a look of deepest loathing. “You absolute
“A few days, I think.”
A pause, a loading screen, and then his blog refreshed. His message was posted. Moriarty would see it.
There was a flash of darkness, and the victim slumped back to the floor, just as dead and impaled as she had been two minutes before.
Sherlock sent back a simple ‘
Sherlock reentered the living room, stopping to look at John, one eyebrow raised. “What?”
"Oh…" said Molly, just the slightest bit hesitant. "I… well, I'm sure it's okay… I mean, strictly speaking you need family permission and stuff like that, but since I can't find anyone… And, I mean, there's an open investigation, so…"
Sherlock bobbed his head once in a dizzy nod. “Mrs. Hudson,” he said, glancing towards the stairs.
John convinced himself to sit and drink his own cup of coffee. He did so slowly, drawing it out as if hoping Sherlock would materialize during that time. Sherlock’s coffee cooled, then grew cold. John’s mug sat, empty, in his hands for quite some time before he finally set it down.
“Yes.”
Five minutes, one second.
John rubbed his eyes, and went on, “We have to just sit and wait while Soo Lin is risking her life trying to get us this information. And there’s nothing we can do. We can’t protect her, and we can’t have the police protect her, or even Mycroft’s people, because if she does anything different or starts hanging around different people, then it’s obvious that she’s betrayed the Black Lotus. But she’s not safe.”
"What do you need?" Molly continued, holding open the door for them.
Sherlock leaned his head back and opened his eyes, determined to stay on his feet. “All right, I’ll wait here while you—“
Mrs. Hudson coughed rather loudly.
Sherlock shrugged. “Seems reasonable. We’ll wait here until closing, and then we look for her. In the meantime, we keep an eye on that door for complications.”
“I want to help,” said Sherlock, catching a look in her eye that he recognized. After all, he’d seen it before. That fear at the mention of the name Moriarty. The fear that the fate of her Black Lotus followers was resting on her perfect execution of every move of the plan. “I
Sherlock smiled politely at Lestrade and Amberley, muttered, “Sorry about that,” to Amberley, and strode forward with his hand outstretched. “I am Sherlock Holmes,” said Sherlock. Amberley shook his hand; his handshake was quick, firm, and controlled, and he quickly let go of Sherlock’s hand and returned to his sullen stance beside Lestrade. Sherlock’s eyes widened as information surged through his mind, but for the first time in his life, he kept his conclusions to himself, instead saying, “My friend… I mean, colleague, Dr. Watson, will be out in just a moment. He’ll be accompanying you to the crime scene.”
That said, I’m REALLY excited to get back to writing and have been churning things out as much as possible. I actually wrote most of this chapter between lecture sessions at a conference… apparently atmosphere loss on rocky planets and the dire state of global climate policy in the USA really get me in the writing mood HAHA
“Do you want to bring him back?” said Moriarty. “Back from the dead in an instant. I know you’ve done it before. Come on. For me?”
John smiled. “Sorry to have added to your stress.”
“Back on his feet?” asked Mrs. Hudson, following John’s gaze. Besides John, she was the only person who’d seen the state Sherlock was in before he and Mycroft had made up the week before.
"Sorry?" asked Watson uncomprehendingly.
“… You say the weirdest damn things, Sherlock,” said Lestrade finally.
John looked up from stowing leftovers in the fridge long enough to make a face.  “I get that much. Could Gruner help?”
“Tomorrow evening. All right?”
Sherlock mumbled something along the lines of “Killjoy.”
“How,” he said, “could you possibly know about the drinking?”
“No, not particularly,” said Sherlock. “I just thought I’d inform you.”
Silence stretched on for a moment, until Mycroft said, “If you and he have the same abilities, then you’ll be able to best anticipate his moves, as he has anticipated ours. So you tell me: how should the rest of us be of use?”
But Mycroft didn’t pause. “Not to mention the sensitive nature of the circumstances surrounding this man’s demise. His death might not be unusual, but he died in the course of his duty, in an active warzone, responding to a situation of national importance. You’ve taken advantage of a soldier with the potential for posthumous decorations, and I haven’t even touched on your possible reasons for doing so.”
“Of course, I could have figured out how to get all of those things myself.”
Sherlock pursed his lips. That could be true. It didn’t mean it was safe to throw caution to the winds, but it was possibly something worth a little reassurance. He could remember Shan’s warning:
Sherlock cut him off, nodding again. “We need to go.”
Over an hour had passed, and John was halfway through making himself lunch when Sherlock returned. “Hey!” he called by way of greeting, leaving his sandwich on the counter. “How’d it go?”
“Your choice,” said Mycroft.
Sherlock caught the photo, looked at it, and froze.
Kitty gaped, and Sherlock continued, “I’ll be in touch. Your information might be enough for me to bring Gruner to justice. I make no promises, of course, but I hope that the next time we speak, I’ll be able to let you know he’s been formally charged.”
Sherlock stepped to one side, largely blocking John and the ambulance from view. “I don’t need you,” he said flatly. “You should know that by now. I can’t stop Lestrade from calling you on my behalf, but don’t expect me to be dutifully thankful.”
BACK TO THE ACTION
Sherlock looked at Soo Lin, and then glanced up at John, meeting his eyes. His brows were furrowed, face lined with worry, but his eyes had the same look to them as Soo Lin’s. As soon as he saw it, Sherlock knew where he’d seen that look before.
He didn’t know. All Sherlock knew was that Moran was getting away, and he had
The world, which had seemed to slow for his deductions only a minute earlier, now spun much faster than it was supposed to, as if trying to make up for lost time.
At the door, Sherlock paused, and turned back. “… Well,
Sherlock’s face was deadpan. He shifted, fingers drumming a fast tempo against his leg. He resisted the urge to argue or roll his eyes. It would just be wasting time, and the fact that he was here, speaking to the driver he’d accidentally killed, seemed like the quintessential lesson in the hazards of inattention to time management.
In the same split second as a gloved hand was clamped over his mouth, John saw that there was a lotus tattoo on the man’s exposed wrist.
“Because I thought you’d rather not fight in public,” said Sherlock coldly, striding to the door and opening the door of the room. He inclined his head in a gesture for Mycroft to step out. “Unless you’re fine with being scolded in front of John.”
“You don’t believe in luck.”
This was new and distinctly painful.
John nodded, but didn’t interrupt.
“Bomb squad looked at it and popped the lid to make sure it was safe. Which it is,” said Lestrade, standing back and looking wary nonetheless.
“Without explicitly telling you government secrets, let’s just say he left us an invitation, which translated as a warning,” said Mycroft. “A riddle, to which the answer was a kind of congratulations and a threat if we did not back off.”
killed you once before—and staying here is just tempting fate. You can’t stay here. Not when it just means you’re at risk when you don’t need to be.”
“So, no name.”
The aim was clearly to intimidate. So what could he do that he hadn’t already done? What could he do to get Sherlock’s attention that was more personal, more immediately threatening, than setting off a bomb across the street from his home? How much closer could he get? How—
Kitty had told him the camera would be in a (locked) desk drawer in Gruner’s (locked) office, but the task of gaining access to a few locked rooms and drawers wasn’t beyond Sherlock’s capabilities. No, it would just be a matter of distracting Gruner when the time was right. A knock at the door from police might do the trick… it would just take one well-timed text to instill a little distracting chaos.
“Then you’re an idiot.”
Sherlock frowned and sat up a little straighter. He hadn’t noticed this. Perhaps John’s agitation had been masked by Mrs. Hudson’s presence and behavior, but clearly now that John was no longer playing host, he was visibly distraught, even if he was controlling it well.
He lifted the lid.
happening.
“Let’s look at you, for instance. Some of the more obvious facts you know I know,” began Sherlock at a quick pace. “For instance, we have already established from our conversation in the morgue yesterday that you are—or at least were—an army doctor. You said you were stationed in Sangin, Afghanistan. I was informed you are a captain. I can gain further information without too much difficulty. Your dog tags and uniform indicate that you’re a member of the 5
John was gaping at him.
Now, this chapter does leave some things unexplained (some of Sherlock's findings, some of Sherlock's actions, etc.) -- they'll be explained soon enough, fear not.
Who died when he kept a person alive for more than a minute was a matter of random proximity. And, it seemed, the cabbie was the unfortunate moron who’d been in the wrong place at the wrong time.
John glared.
John studied Sherlock’s expression, in a way that was clearly reminiscent of Sherlock whenever he was trying to make deductions about someone. The similarity did not go unnoticed on Sherlock’s part. After a moment, John said, “Why do I get the horrible feeling that you
Sherlock didn’t understand, but he decided not to push the matter. He finally nodded to John’s makeshift sling. “Repaired your arm, then? Successful?”
Sherlock wrinkled his nose. “I’ll live without one, somehow.”
They sat in silence for a moment, each lost in thought.
“Yes,” said Sherlock simply, though he wasn’t entirely sure how true that was. “Just a client.”
sorry
And Sherlock recognized him.
"... That's." Sherlock wasn't sure what that was. He blinked, looking at the pages. Even with the writing upside down, he could make out John’s handwriting. A tight scrawl, not unlike the stereotypical doctor’s scribble, but with a more intelligible slant and spacing to it indicating an attention to legibility. An emphasis on the letter J; sharp and slanted. Leaning letters for a left-handed writer. Highly legible capital letters compared to lowercase letters, suggesting possible use of capitals for important memos and standard capitals-lowercase for more informal or personal writings. A signature no larger than the rest of the words, indicating neither pride nor low self-esteem. A slight flourish to the W. No dots over the i.
“Surely you can do better than that,” said Sherlock, sitting back.
Young Sherlock vowed to keep the strange truth about his strange Gift a secret from the world forever.
Sherlock blinked, and then he snatched the photo out of Mycroft’s hand, angling it so that John could look without getting too close.
He shifted, easing to his feet, and he crept towards the open door, wincing with every movement as the floor seemed to sway and his muscles burned in protest. It took an entire minute to cross the room, and then Sherlock peered around the edge of the door.
Sherlock looked at John, and took a deep breath. “I want to make it known that if you die, I’m never going to forgive you,” he said tightly.
Young Sherlock spent the vast majority of his childhood, after the discovery of his Gift, at a boarding school far from home, family, and friends. It was there, on his own, that Young Sherlock discovered the laws governing his Gift. It was there that Young Sherlock learned everything he could about controlling his ability to bring the dead back to life, by creating the Rules, and adhering to them, every moment of every day.
John ran his fingers through his hair, horrified. “Are you seriously telling me that Moriarty basically cooked up a poison in his kitchen so he could murder a little kid?”
… I’ll be there in twenty.”
“Just this once, mind, I’m not your housekeeper.”
John tried for a tight-lipped smile, which felt utterly fake. “Good. I Just… need to know when I ought to be worried.”
Sherlock shook his head. “I don’t have people that I am close to. I don’t maintain familial ties; in fact, I hardly even acknowledge them. I don’t preserve relationships. The first Rule I have is that, in order to stop others from using me and to stop myself from letting them, I have to work alone. I don’t have backup. I don’t have colleagues. I don’t have friends. Alone
a soldier. A doctor, and a soldier. I killed people in Afghanistan. But this isn’t Afghanistan.”
“And you’ve no one to blame but yourself,” replied John.
Now I want yours.
“Where is he?” he demanded, without preamble, his tone promising swift retribution, whether or not the law addressed any situation like this. “Do you think I’m stupid?! Don’t mess with me, Sherlock. I’m done.
A little late, but at last, an update!
Lestrade, determined to win at least one of the day’s arguments, complained yet again that he couldn’t possibly explain how he’d solved the serial suicides case, since using Hope’s testimony was impossible.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, and turned his attention to the envelope. Sure enough, his name was on the front. Or rather, “GET SHERLOCK” was printed on the front, with a little smiley face. “You didn’t open it?” he said, turning it over a few times in hand.
Sherlock look at him, and dared a smile. “All good Rules have their Exceptions.”
John mused over this. “I’ve no idea about the ‘black lotus’ bit,” he admitted at last, looking intently at the letters before getting a fresh cotton ball and carefully washing the bloody writing away.
After a moment, John crossed the living room halfway, closing the distance between them while still giving Sherlock some space. “There’s something else, isn’t there,” he said. “Something you’ve deduced about Moriarty that you didn’t tell Mycroft and Lestrade.” It wasn’t a question.
Sherlock's eyes were drawn down to look at the phone timer in his hand, the entire weight of gravity suddenly crashing down on his spine with as much acceleration as could be gained.
But before he could get the full sentence out, Sherlock cut him off as he stood suddenly. “
, you
How many times had John protected Sherlock in the last two months?
“Not yet.”
John blinked in surprise. “That’s… kind of dramatic, don’t you think?”
John frowned. “It
“So he’s bragging about getting away with murdering children? This is like his own personal talent show?” said John, looking at the shoes with a newfound level of revulsion.
, asked an unwelcome voice in his head, an impatient question echoing down a long hallway in his mind.
“And you’re
After a moment, Molly opened a drawer and revealed a long, dark case, easily large enough for a body, and built for travel. Obvious, thought Sherlock, considering the man must have been killed overseas in order for him to be relevant to the informant's demise.
“Just about,” said Sherlock from the floor, very loudly. Ears definitely ringing, then. He shifted and coughed. “We need to…”
John wasn’t there.
Sherlock nodded. “So I don’t need to look for Moriarty. I just need to look for…”
John—who was halfway through making a sandwich in the kitchen—joined Sherlock at the living room table. “Is that from Mycroft, or from your Network?”
No one had ever thanked him for his Gift, though.
Lestrade was standing at the doors to the morgue, with his arms crossed over his chest and a deep frown on his face. Behind him and through the doors, Sherlock could see officers from the Yard bustling about.
It wasn’t too long before Sherlock’s phone buzzed, several times in quick succession, and John was pleased to see that this time Sherlock was reading the messages and not just throwing his phone across the room in annoyance.
were too afraid to try,” said Moriarty, a little disdainfully. “And you,” he added, turning to John, “assumed it wouldn’t work, and made him even more doubtful.”
“If you have an alternative explanation, I would love to hear it,” said Sherlock, allowing a hint of a dare to enter his voice.
John stared.
“Anything related to Moriarty. His whereabouts, his plans. Or his interactions with Moran. If you can talk about something more telling than the weather, then it ought to offer us
John’s expression was determined, resolute. “So you can apologize and I can say thank you.”
do. Everything I do is intimately tied up with death and dying. I’m not going to get emotionally invested in every death I investigate—it’s not practical. If I shed a tear for every dead person I’ve come across in my work, I’d have died of dehydration years ago. You can get wrapped up in the horror of it all you like. But I’m looking for answers.”
John stared. “Do you do that a lot?”
So this must really be Moriarty.
John shook his head. “I’m not leaving.”
But John ignored him, temper flaring. “If you’re going to refuse to take proper precautions, then you’ve got to deal with the consequences!”
“Oh,” said John disappointedly.
“Must have been a bird or something?” said Lestrade. “Hitting a window?”
“Uh.”
Sherlock whirled about and turned on Lestrade. “Why did you have to come marching in here like an absolute moron?! You could have dealt with
"That took a surprising and disconcerting amount of time," was Lestrade's comment upon the Detective's emergence from the room.
“Sounds like Lestrade has his hands full,” commented Sherlock, speaking quietly in the emptiness of the hallway.
It had been his choice to let the cabbie die.
“Where the hell is my head for my experiment, John? Why the hell is the fridge filled with cake and what the hell did you do with my head?!”
As soon as he finished, Sherlock waited a full ten seconds (the time moving so slow, just
—to be open-minded.”
“You sure that’s not just your massive ego talking?”
“You’re sure it was him?”
“Isn’t it?”
Anyway, Mycroft’s use of the word “abaddon” in code hopefully does not seem out of place. One thing that always interested/amused me in the show’s portrayal of Mycroft in particular was the use of biblical names as codewords (namely LAZARUS as his codeword of choice for Sherlock to fake his death, as Lazarus was a saint brought back to life by Christ four days after Lazarus’ untimely death). To my understanding, “Abaddon” in Hebrew texts refers to destruction and is associated with the realm of the dead, and in
“I act on his behalf,” said Shan coldly. “It is, as I am sure you understand, of the utmost importance to him that his identity remains uncompromised.”
I do want to say one thing in the hope of keeping your interest: Moriarty may be entering the fold here, but he might not be
John opened his eyes. Sherlock had stepped away from Mycroft, and was now standing in front of him. His overall expression looked more or less in control, but from his eyes he looked anything but. Anxious and concerned and frustrated all at once.
“Why you?”
Sherlock sat back, scowling, but considering.
An hour after closing, John broke the silence. “What do we do if she doesn’t show up?”
yours,” objected Sherlock sharply, enough for John to make eye contact, though only for a moment.
“Yes,” said Sherlock. “And no. Not in so many words, maybe, but the whole point of this is for you to try to get a read on Moran. Which is something you’re very good at in general. Trust your gut, and try to keep a level head.”
Comments, kudos, subs, and bookmarks are all appreciated <3 - and comments are especially appreciated, so please leave one if you're enjoying the story thus far! ;D
“To everyone, I think. For one, I don’t think you’d strap a bomb to someone for dramatic effect.”
“Then what’s the problem?” John persisted. “I know you tend to do everything yourself, but you aren’t usually quite this hostile about it. Rude, yes. Single-minded, yes. Hostile, not so much.”
“All right,” he said, the weight of dread dragging him down like his scarf had been transfigured from wool to lead. “We talk to the cabbie.”
He was going to need a lot of tea.
Sherlock couldn’t think of anything to say. Was
“But you met him. You met Moriarty. In person.”
“Is it?”
John looked at Sherlock, a smile tugging at one corner of his mouth. “Come on now,” he said. “Who’s the bigger freak here? The consulting detective, or the recently reanimated semi-immortal doctor? Just saying.”
“Poison,” mumbled Sherlock.
“Sending out messages to some of my Homeless Network,” said Sherlock, when John asked some time later. “I make sure some have disposable phones so I can get in contact when I need to on short notice. They’re always happy when I do. The ones that have the time to spare to help me out always get something out of it as my way of saying thanks.”
Then he stared at the photograph.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “I thought as much. I couldn’t believe you found me by virtue of your skill alone. So?”
“We’ve talked about not being reckless with anything related to Moriarty before, Sherlock,” Lestrade added. He looked thoroughly shaken. “We’ve talked about why running off on your own is a bad idea.”
Outside, the afternoon pedestrian crowd milled about, passerby occasionally moving past on their way to or from all sorts of destinations ('bakery, home, cafe, mistress' apartment, barber', Sherlock's mind chimed in, before he made note that there were more pressing—and interesting—matters at hand than passing strangers). The expected hum of local traffic was broken by a loud and constant honk of a car horn.
“We’ll see you again soon,” said Sherlock firmly.
Hadn’t she
“You know nothing of us,” objected Shan calmly. “You have a good memory, Mr. Holmes, in spite of your current condition, but you are still ignorant.”
John quickly drew back his hands. “Sorry,” he said. “But I don’t think you can actually walk.”
Searching the flat for answers was only leaving him coming up empty.
“Because I invented the job. I am the only one.” Sherlock gave a careless shrug. “When the police are out of their depth, which is always, they consult me.”
“Sit,” said Mycroft.
Sherlock sighed loudly. “Is it really so hard to believe that I spent a few years letting someone else fund my research and provide me with access to high-quality equipment so that I could acquire just another certified form of justification for people to take my professional opinion seriously?”
“All I can say in my defense is that it was all a bit… let’s just say it was a bit of a surprise,” said Mycroft. “Though it explains quite a lot, in hindsight. Redbeard, for one. You shutting us all out. Your choice of career.”
See you soon (I promise!) with the next update!
Sherlock’s expression was dark, and just as cold. “Because I
~o~O~o~
“Leaving already?” interrupted a man’s voice. Sherlock didn’t need to look to see who.
“It’s one of the deadliest poisons on the planet!” said Sherlock impatiently, holding up a shoe and waving it around.
the bit about terrorism. Your lot isn’t going to catch him. You don’t have the resources, manpower, or experience. Mycroft’s people aren’t going to catch him if they’re dancing around and he kills their agents every so often to remind them to back off. I doubt any foreign government has a better chance of bringing him down. So who is left other than me?”
John looked up at Sherlock, who stared out the window past John, lost in thought.
John Watson.
“I won’t stay long,” said Mycroft, unperturbed. “This will only take a moment.”
Inside, the lobby was completely empty. But within a few seconds, little lights scattered on the walls around the room began to flash as fire alarms went off, the painfully loud shriek echoing around the room. Sherlock crossed the lobby to the elevator, but stopped before he pushed the button. The elevators wouldn’t be working, if there was a fire anywhere in the building—and even if they were, it was beyond stupid to present an adversary with the opportunity to confront someone cornered in an elevator.
“… Do you think the sniper will get to them faster than we can get to the sniper?”
Sherlock looked doubtful, but not entirely unconvinced. “Seems a bit unlikely.”
But as he said it aloud, it clicked.
In almost no time at all, there was noise at Sherlock’s elbow. Sherlock seized the railing of the stairs just as a hand grabbed at his shoe, and he kicked out, foot connecting with something solid behind him. There was a grunt of pain, as the newcomer behind him tumbled back down the stairs. Sherlock surged ahead, and reached the top stair just long enough to see out a cluttered shop window before he was tackled around the middle with such force that he and his attacker nearly fell back down the stairs.
tell you? I’m not worried about all of that. I don’t care if there’s a risk. Whatever danger I’m in is danger I’ve acknowledged and accepted.”
died. Which means bringing the responsible party to justice. Focus on that, instead of on how terrible the death itself is. We can’t bring Carl Powers back. Not really, anyway. But we can make sure Moriarty pays for it, if we can use this as an opportunity to learn more about him.”
“Why does everyone keep saying that?” demanded Sherlock hotly, snatching the letter back out of Mycroft’s hands.
Lestrade looked too shaken to be indignant or embarrassed. “Piss off. I’m not going to be a victim of random proximity.” He glanced in Hope’s direction uncertainly, clearly to make sure the cabbie was no longer with them.
to be done,” said Sherlock. “When you first approached me to look at John’s body, we didn’t have any information and the suspicion was terrorism. Now we know who had John killed, and we also know he’s been involved with at least half a dozen other murders and who knows how many major crimes, he has incredible reach and influence, he has access to impressive funds for his criminal ventures, he’s capable of intimidating even the Secret Service, he’s got an international empire nested in the heart of London, and there’s
“He’s a lot crueler than anyone knows,” she insisted. “Even more than you think. And he’ll do anything to stay on top.”
John stood. “You’re a dick. And I’m done.”
“You did have my attention.”
John blinked, caught off-guard by the change in tone and argument. “Sorry?”
“This is ridiculous,” snapped Sherlock, sliding away down the sofa. “I’m done. I don’t need to be examined in a thousand different ways. My body will heal on its own without you hovering around. I’ve managed on my own before you happened and I must have managed well enough, considering I’m not dead.”
trace of Moran, now that we know what he looks like and some of his recent movements.”
"Am I free to go?" continued Sherlock, not bothering to mask the irritation in his tone.
Not for the first time that night, John wished he could pat Sherlock on the arm without risking death. “He’ll catch him, right?”
John moved to sit in the armchair across from Sherlock again, holding onto his cup of tea. “Is that a bad thing? Just – I don’t know, ignore him?”
Different.
Soo Lin was alive. The sniper was caught. Gruner had escaped death by inches (less than that, really). And as news of Gruner’s near-murder spread, the rest of the Black Lotus might at last have realized that Soo Lin was right, and scattered. He had a feeling he wouldn’t encounter them again.
” under his breath—and Sherlock, grudgingly, did as well, but he paused.
Sherlock waved the cautions away with an airy wave of a hand as he left. “See you later.” He paused halfway out the door. “Oh. Can I borrow your gun?”
“Oh. Glad to know you’ve been finding everything fine.”
“Here’s the real question, though,” said John, tapping the kitchen table with his index finger. “We never found Moriarty in all this time. He always found
He’d suspect it was all a lie, and he would believe that the lie threatened Sherlock’s career, reputation, and—maybe, to someone who had no idea of the truth—his life.
“So there’s no doubt,” said Mycroft, in a way that said that doubt had been his last hope.
“You don’t want Mrs. Hudson to open the door if there’s a chance it’s anyone
“Do you know him?” barked Lestrade. He pointed at John. “Did you know him before you brought him back?”
“Great,” said John, cutting Sherlock’s train of thought off at the station of ulcers. “So the point of painting the door is to send you a personalized warning.”
His stony indifference effectively accomplished two goals, which were that he successfully dissuaded the cabbie from trying to strike up some kind of conversation, and that he could focus on other things and forget, for the time being, that he was in a cab.
“To turn it off?”
Sherlock lurched forward to the door through which Moriarty had vanished, and he wrenched it open, aiming the gun inside. But the locker room beyond was already dark and deserted. Moriarty had planned his exit, and taken it.
“Really?” asked John in surprise. “Where?”
Sherlock moved his hand away from John’s face, and he and John both shifted positions slightly as John turned back around. “Not a terrible shot,” said Sherlock, and John had to remind himself Sherlock was injured so he didn’t elbow him.
“So we both had something to gain from you doing as I asked. But instead
Mycroft scanned the letter, and frowned. “Sexy?”
Sherlock nodded and shrugged simultaneously, wondering the same question. “I should think so, yes,” he said. After a pause, he added, “And I hope I am right. For both our sakes.”
Sherlock pulled the laptop towards himself and glanced at the article. “One less thing to worry about. Lestrade said I’d probably be called on to testify, but the trial won’t be for a couple months, so I can put it aside for the time being.”
“… I think I wish you
“You sure?” said Sherlock. Sherlock gave him an innocent look that made John want to punch him in the face.
Young Sherlock's life, forever removed from any possibility of normality by his childhood discovery of his life-restoring-death-giving Gift, was irrevocably changed.
“Um… no, I’m lost,“ John rubbed his eyes. He giggled. “To think I’ve been you for less than a day and I’m already exhausted. Holy Mary. I need sleep. Well, what would you do next, Sherlock?”
Moriarty beamed at the phrasing. “Just so.”
“Essentially,” said Sherlock. “Though you’re oversimplifying.”
his message?” asked John. “What’s the point in sending you something linked to a crime that’s decades old? Why incriminate himself if he’s gotten away with it for this long?”
“Not that I know of, but like I said, I wasn’t in. What’s going on?”
It was the kick to the head he received as soon as he hit the floor that decided the matter for him, and the world winked out of view.
Kitty smiled thinly, her expression bitter. “Too late now, anyway.”
“God, if you’re just going to keep repeating everything that I say—“
However, in the time it had taken John to check their surroundings and start to reply, Sherlock had dug his set of lockpicks out of his coat pocket and started on the lock. In just under ten seconds, there was a soft click, and Sherlock turned the handle to open the door.
It had not reacted to his approach.
Mycroft ignored him. “I have my reasons for asking. My brother and I rarely see eye to eye, but that does not mean I do not act in his best interest.”
The moment he was gone, Sherlock sank onto the sofa, and didn’t move until the sun had risen the next morning.
on delaying you by twenty-four hours, if you’re going to insist on keeping 221B as your base of operations for this investigation,” said Mycroft. “You cannot work somewhere that isn’t safe. Consider John, and Mrs. Hudson, if you aren’t going to consider yourself.”
“How would people figure that out?!” demanded Sherlock.
for someone with Moran’s set of skills, he would have known about him, and he would have sought him out once he’d died. We can deduce that the age of their partnership is more or less the same as the length of time since Moran’s death, since there’s no sign that he was working with Moriarty beforehand. Moran had a few minor disciplinary problems in the course of his time in the military—mostly brawling, some gambling—and has been a ghost since his death. I might argue that the fact that Moriarty wanted a
Finally, Moriarty took a step back, looking Sherlock up and down as if sizing him up. “I don’t want to have to force the issue, but I will, if you make me. The flirting’s over, Sherlock… Daddy’s had enough now.”
Sherlock repeated himself impatiently. "Afghanistan or Iraq?"
. Letting the police find her body after a raid against her people is a message, I’m sure of it.”
a person, Sherlock. Not like you spared me much anxiety, in any event.”
“Well, she’s not happy with you. Not after all the fuss you’ve caused us. Caused her. Caused our employer.” The man leaned down to look Sherlock in the eye threateningly, and Sherlock spat in his face. He recoiled with a yelp of disgust.
“Give them a choice? I’m willing to bet he would take the other pill. Then it’s not just murder, but a battle of the minds. Didn’t you pay attention when he said he wished he’d had a chance to have a go against me? Clearly, it was a mental exercise. A challenge. After all, it’s boring, otherwise.”
“The solar system, Sherlock.”
The voices were increasingly forceful.
“Maybe an hour ago.”
“You’re ridiculous,” said Sherlock. “I’m not sure I’d feel sorry at all.”
Sherlock paused and frowned as he pulled it out of his coat pocket, but he stopped frowning when he saw the text was just from Lestrade, and not someone more annoying.
, so…?!
“You know what I mean,” Sherlock said quickly, an edge of exasperation entering his tone in his haste to explain. “Moran’s made it clear he’d like nothing better than to do you serious, lasting harm. I’m protected by whatever it is Moriarty wants from me, but you are not. I wasn’t about to bring you along, without means of self-defense, when in all likelihood Moran would have shot you without hesitation.”
“But…” said Mrs. Hudson, doubt written all across her face. She stood to one side, opening the door wide. “You’d better come in,” she said, gesturing for them all to get inside.
“She’s out of surgery,” Molly said. “Seems like everything went well. Obviously I don’t know too much but it sounds like you were able to get her the help she needed quickly enough that they were able to minimize hypovolemic shock. They want to give her time in recovery, and then when she’s awake and they’ve made sure she’s feeling okay, they might let you go back to check in on her yourself. But the important thing is that surgery is over, and it was successful.”
“It’s not
He didn’t know what his plan was. He wasn’t armed. Moran almost certainly still was. The best protection Sherlock might have afforded himself would have been to bring John—but John, unarmed, charging after an armed and unrestrained Moran seemed almost unthinkably dangerous. He was sure that while Moran would have no qualms about killing John.
“We can search,” offered Lestrade.
Shan stared at him, eyes wide. “… Mr. Holmes,” she said finally, flatly, as if she needed his confirmation that this was happening.
John stared, mouth open. “I’m
“Still not learned your lesson?” asked the man, fists clenching. Definitely a London native. Lots of travel. Left-handed. A twinge of fear in his eyes every time he said ‘employer’. So, a recent recruit of some kind. Not trained in combat. Just an easily-intimidated, greedy moron.
John was a threat in Mycroft’s eyes. And that was it.
But in exchange for giving back life, something had to die if the life he'd restored lingered too long.
Sherlock blinked, and then he too hastened down the stairs.
A foot poked him gruffly. “Wake up,” the speaker demanded again. Male. Middle-aged. Anxious.
Sherlock made a face. “I know. The math is just easier to talk about.”
A full second passed.
John shrugged and nodded. “Fine. But I’ll be the judge of how much that is.”
~o~O~o~
“Depends,” said Sherlock honestly. “With Lestrade’s underlings, it’s almost always a bad thing.”
Sherlock couldn’t begin to fathom how Moriarty had learned about his Gift without witnessing it. The only people living who knew what Sherlock was capable of were John, Lestrade, and Mycroft, and… none of them would have compromised him. John was a complicated affair because John was supposed to be dead, but no one would look at John and infer that he had been somehow, magically, been resurrected. It wasn’t
was it slow.
enjoy? ;D <3
He stared at her. “… You know.”
meanwhile, John really just wants a cup of tea
“Nor am I,” was Sherlock’s reply. “Not yet.”
I also have been spending an infuriating amount of time working on rehab for my knee. Don’t tear your ACL/meniscus, folks; it really sucks for creativity and productivity. Stretching, strength training, and grumbling about stretching takes up more of my day and mental energy than I care to admit. I have some astrobiology fieldwork coming up next week, so we’ll see if I’ve done enough… (I probably haven’t, but I’ve tried, and therefore no one can criticize me)
Sherlock looked at her, and the half-formulated lie he was concocting in order to get access to the cabbie’s victims bloodwork gave up without much of a fight.
John let out a small, hollow laugh. “What does that even mean?”
?!” asked John, mortified. “How?”
John nodded. “Me too. Take care. And thanks again for getting us some news about Soo Lin. I think we were both just about at the end of our rope before you did.”
“So… What do we do?” asked John.
“You understand that this places you in considerable danger,” said Sherlock. “Talking to me right now is dangerous. Assisting me is on another plane altogether.”
“Your body is constantly regenerating cells and vitals in order to sustain life. The initial touch sets off a chain reaction, like a spark that ignites an expansive coal mine. It could burn forever. The process is endless.” Sherlock regarded John with interest. “It does not heal past damage, so I’m not sure if the way you’ll recover from future injuries is affected, but the past has been made non-threatening, so that it makes the continuation of life possible. You’re semi-immortal.”
The sound of the door swinging shut reverberated around the room for a long moment, slowly fading away into silence. Several seconds passed, and neither Sherlock nor John moved. But Moriarty did not reappear, and the sniper lights did not return, and the silence stretched on.
Mycroft nodded. “Until we can find a more secure facility. I wanted him somewhere more monitored than a standard holding cell. Our security staff undergo a higher level of screening.”
“You think?”
They had a black lotus tattoo on their neck.
“Are you all right?” demanded Sherlock, grabbing John by the shoulders and half-lifting him off the ground as he examined John for injury.
But Sherlock didn’t respond, and after a moment, John made his way back to the living room, exchanging something of a knowing look with the skull on the mantelpiece as he went.
“Probably,” said Sherlock finally. “So let’s just catch him before he kills us, shall we?”
If he wanted to live longer than a week, in all likelihood.
"Hey, I have to ask," said Lestrade, throwing up his hands defensively, although he didn't look convinced. "Do you know how dangerous this business is? You have to be careful.
"Annoying," commented Sherlock.
“You know I am the way I am out of necessity,” said Sherlock aloud.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Obviously not. There’s an alarm after hours.”
“This isn’t a systematic occurrence,” said Sherlock, and he matched Lestrade’s venomous tone. “This is a singularity. It’s not like I’ve been habitually lying to you—this is the first time it’s happened. And frankly, it seemed best not to tell you because I knew you’d be too stupid to understand and too ridiculous to listen.”
“Of course. I was just about to text him to find out when.”
“But,” spluttered Sherlock. “But—“
But Sherlock shook his head, running one hand absently through his hair. “Never mind. Forget I said anything.”
He had to make some effort to be understanding of John’s coping mechanisms. As ludicrous and impractical and unpleasant as they might be. He owed it to John, somehow. It was not an equivalent exchange, to ask for the man’s cooperation in exchange for no closure. After all, John was effectively closing the book on his past life. It hadn’t even been a week, and no doubt John had not yet found a way to resolve many of the outstanding variables, but Sherlock doubted there were many people who would willingly spend any portion of a second, limitless life stuck with him.
“So shut up already.”
“Good,” said Sherlock, with a satisfied finality. “I’ve already discussed the issue of living space with my landlady this morning. The bedroom upstairs is through that door—“ Sherlock pointed to a door to the left of the fireplace overtop of which the skull was still surveying the room. “—and is yours. There’s also a bathroom. There’s another bathroom here—“ A gesture down the hall. “—and obviously we share the kitchen, living room, and rent.”
John’s eyes held Sherlock’s for a moment, before he dropped his gaze. His shoulders caved inwards. “It’s just that…” He pressed his palms to his eyes for a second, then looked at the screen again, expression hard. “That man, right there, killed me. He killed me, months after he died on my watch. There was probably nothing I could have done to help him, but I still would have done anything I could to keep him alive. I still
John, standing just behind them, swallowed.
As promised, the next chapter, in a punctual fashion!
“Hey.” John’s voice interrupted his thoughts—just in time, really, as Sherlock’s legs rather decided they had done more than enough work for the time being, and he sank sideways, clutching at an upended table for support.
“Those were completely different circumstances, and you know it,” retorted John.
John smiled at her. “You really understand him, don’t you.”
Sherlock dropped the last sample into the box for Lestrade, and then carried his laptop back to the table by the windows in the living room. He bent over to refresh the page—open to his blog post about the shoes—but there was nothing. No comments.
“No. None whatsoever.”
Sniper lights appeared suddenly all around the room. Red lights danced on every door and every conceivable target—John, Sherlock, and Yao were all covered in little red dots. All three froze, still and silent, and the tick of Moriarty’s watch echoed in their ears.
The second was that he could not tell John about this. For less obvious reasons. But something told him this was not likely to be taken well. Normal people and their proclivity for sentimentality rarely meshed well with death. Especially deaths they may or may not have unknowingly had something to do with.
“Because there’s probably not much more I can learn from him at this point.”
“You have no way to know that,” said John gently.
John shrugged. “It was nice to get out for a little bit this past week. Hopefully that’ll tide me over for a while.”
Lestrade pointed them in the direction of his squad car, and all three of them hurried to it, John staying close to Sherlock in case he should fall, but Sherlock staggered alone with singular determination.
“You don’t?”
“Not this time,” said Sherlock, and he followed his brother into the hall. “We’ll be back shortly,” he said over his shoulder to John, who looked utterly bewildered, and he closed the door without further ado.
The door to the morgue opened, and Lestrade tentatively stuck his head in the door.
“Pretty much, yeah.” John dropped into a chair. “He was the first one I lost, actually.”
Moriarty nodded. He strode towards Sherlock, a menace somehow coloring his casual steps. “I told you I wanted your full attention. I think at this point I’ve made it clear why I deserve to have it. It might have been cruel for me to spring all of this on you without warning, I know, but I was hoping for
Lestrade glared at Sherlock. “Piss off,” he said.
That being said, I've got chapters in progress and a (very detailed) plan and I anticipate updates every other week for the near future, and hopefully even more frequently in about a month.
John looked at the little dish. “Really? How much?”
“Really,” said Lestrade, meeting Sherlock’s gaze squarely. “Look, you need to be up front with me.”
“But—“
“None of them ever touch me,” said Sherlock again. “It—“
John could feel the tide of the conversation turning, the curious waves of questioning becoming a violent undertow promising a slow and merciless drowning. “Hang on—“
In his head, Sherlock could replay the moment that Zhi Zhu Yao died over and over in vivid detail, the rush of air and the line of blood running down Yao’s face so visceral in his recollections that the memory feels real when he conjures it.
“The—what?!”
Sherlock sat up a little straighter. There were only so many possibilities, but there was one that was on his mind more than any other at the moment. “… The Black Lotus’ assassin. Zhi Zhu.”
Lestrade sighed, clearly not fully convinced but unwilling to argue any longer. “Then get home. You can give me a report tomorrow when you’re in better shape. We’re lucky we found you when we did, and I think it’d be stupid to push it until you pass out.”
Sherlock shook his head. “That’s the point. We need to go back to Baker Street,
“Moriarty will want me dead sooner or later,” said Sherlock flatly. “You do understand that, right?”
how this plays out for you.”
And link to the UPenn research is
The woman sighed. “I’m sure you understand your position,” she said, with a very pointed little look in John’s direction. She inclined her head. “If you please.”
“Like…?” prompted John. He was hooked now, leaning more heavily against the table, fortified by tea and curiosity.
that there happens to be a sponsored serial killer loose in London creating enough panic over multiple supposed suicides to keep both the police and news media distracted for who knows how long? I don’t believe in coincidence.”
“Why, can’t you take them?”
"Sorry."
“Holy shit,” said John, head dropping into his hands.
He waited, holding his breath.
“Ah.” Sherlock spun his cup slowly between his hands. “I understand if not contacting her is difficult for you, but I hope you understand how necessary it is. At least for the foreseeable future until the details of your murder are brought to light and addressed accordingly.”
“Yes, yes,” said Sherlock, waving a hand dismissively. He looked over at John. “Are you going to do that again, or can we proceed?”
John tried—really,
The advantage to taking the same car as Mycroft was Mycroft’s apparent ability to get away with having his driver go well above the legal speed limit through parts of London without consequence. As a result, Sherlock’s cab had only just reached Baker Street by the time Mycroft and John were pulling up to the flat. Sherlock had slammed the door of his cab and was digging around in his pockets for his keys.
“Did you talk to him about the dish from Moriarty?”
“Then tell me.”
That was an unexpected stroke of good luck.
“Chalk it up to paranoia,” said John. “That, and I know you.”
But anyway, we are back on track, so sorry again for the unexpected hiatus and with any luck at all it won't happen again :P
Which meant someone else had come to collect John Watson last night.
The cab ride to meet Lestrade was a reasonably quick one. It was enough time to receive a few more indignant texts from the inspector, but even so it was a little under half an hour before Sherlock was standing on the sidewalk in front of the Yard. He quickly walked inside, past the staff at the front desk who simply waved him along when he flashed his ID (they all knew him, and they all knew that if he was here it meant he’d been summoned by Lestrade), and to the lifts. Sherlock stepped inside, pushed the button for Lestrade’s floor, and he ascended to the tune of some horrifically bad, concentration-breaking elevator music.
"Now you return to being dead," said Sherlock, shaking his head as if to clear it, regaining his focus. "Time is up—"
“Who?”
John got quickly to his feet and scanned the shattered windows and what he could see of the street beyond before he crossed quickly to the front door of the flat. He moved purposefully, in a way that meant he was braced to take cover if there was another blast. He grabbed Sherlock’s scarf from where it hung on a peg next to his coat, and returned to the windows. He crouched, offering the scarf to Sherlock.
In the locker room, John gave himself a few minutes to get himself together. His headache was a distraction, but one that would fade. Thinking, as difficult as it was, helped. John reached up to touch his neck, feeling the skin where he could remember a needle pinching the skin sometime before. How long had he been unconscious? The locker room lights were mostly off, and the glass panes in the poolside door suggested an equally dim room beyond. But then, that didn’t necessarily mean it was late; it just meant that there was no one anywhere near him who might hear if he made a racket.
John held up a hand. “Hang on. So you think his twenty-year-old shoes, delivered courtesy of Moriarty, are going to help you prove Powers didn’t just drown?”
the other day?”
“But you have to understand that that
“How did you know I was with Mycroft, anyway?” asked John, interrupting Sherlock’s thoughts.
didn’t you let me come
“He knows better than to argue with me about it,” said Sherlock. “And this little gift from Moriarty is for me. Not for Lestrade and his pack of idiots.”
The difficult thing was, John wasn’t sure he knew how to help. Not this time. Not with this. What sort of reassurance or advice could he possibly give? When Moriarty—already terrifying enough in his power and skill—had just matched the only hidden advantage they had against him?
"I'm always careful," said Sherlock frigidly.
That didn’t mean there wasn’t something sad about it, something that made the knowledge ache where it came to rest.
BEING DEAD? AIN'T NOBODY GOT TIME FOR THAT
“That’s impossible,” said Mycroft.
“Unlucky for you.”
“No,” said Lestrade, a little wearily. “You’re the one with the magical powers to hide. You can decide what risks are and aren’t worth taking. If you get in trouble, it’s not my problem—it’s yours.”
“But…” said Mycroft. “But that means…”
Envelope addressed to you on my desk.
John rubbed his eyes. “Oh my
John slumped in his seat. “Never mind. I just want all of this to be over. No more impending doom or constant threats to life and limb.”
Sherlock feigned annoyance. “Only a little? You come back to life and simultaneously take down a serial killer who’d already killed four people in order to aid the terrorist threat that killed you in the first place. And you only feel a
John picked it up, checked it over, and stowed it at his back. The sense of security it gave him was a lot more than it normally would have been.
Sherlock tugged the blanket off his shoulders and hurled it as far away as he could, his arm and wrist screaming in bloody protest, and he glared at the paramedic so he didn’t have to see how pathetic his throw had been. “If you put that goddamn blanket on me one more time—“
It was at this precise moment that Sherlock knew he truly needed to get rid of Lestrade.
“I don’t need to be watched constantly,” added Sherlock.
The afternoon passed by at a meandering pace.
i'm probably grey because of you
, John?” added Mrs. Hudson anxiously. “The upstairs is a
“Oh, I don’t think there exists a more plausible explanation than that. I have to admit, your explanation is a lot better than what
“Hey—“ said John.
Sherlock paused, inwardly collecting himself.
I won't say too much beyond that -- there's a lot coming up, and I hope you all enjoy it as everything starts coming together at long long last... ;D
“Well, if they were definitely broken, I’d stick you on bed rest for a week or two to make sure you didn’t make anything worse moving around and getting into trouble,” said John, impossibly patient.
On the front step was a woman.
He needed.
the British government. That is, when he isn’t too busy being the British Secret Service or the CIA on a freelance basis,” continued Sherlock.
—that she could get him that much closer to finding Moriarty. Alive, she could have been persuaded to cooperate with the police, in the interest of protecting her followers.
Amberley grunted. “It’s an absolute disgrace if a painter’s house looks like rubbish, Doctor. A man’s home is his castle. Or Haven, in this case. I call the house the Haven. The paint makes me calm. It’s nice to repaint.”
The voice was familiar.
—' had to be silenced for the sake of knowledge).
Perhaps trapping Hope was an act of kindness. Without it, there can be blissful ignorance. Humankind has the ability to go about their lives as oblivious idiots without the need to know and understand and change. To have the potential for hope is to have the potential for disappointment.
A moment later, John reentered the room with all the screens to rejoin Sherlock and Mycroft, a few of Mycroft’s many employees at his heels.
~o~O~o~
“I’ll tell you. But it’s not gonna make a difference,” said the cabbie, shrugging. “The whole city’s going to hell. He’s taking it there.”
~o~O~o~
The rooms were quaint and dimly lit, with a collection of mismatched furniture and knickknacks scattered about. A beautiful and painstakingly well-kept Stradivarius sat on a stand in the corner, surrounded by sheet music and pencil nubs. Papers and books lay strewn about on almost every available surface. A human skull sat on the mantelpiece, surveying it all.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I should take a look at the bedroom upstairs and get a feel for the flat, I suppose,” said John, looking around. By daylight, he felt he was getting a much better look at everything. Details leapt out and distinguished themselves. The place held that much more charm and character. And was that much more obviously a bit of a mess.
The elder Holmes—who had been observing the carnage that was Baker Street with an inscrutable countenance—sighed. “I told you I wasn’t particularly interested in your opinion on the matter. Are you all right?”
She turned to face the door, and immediately she smiled, much more broadly and openly than she had when she’d come to see them at 221B almost a week earlier. “Please do. I was hoping you would stop by.”
I’m aiming to finish most of the remaining chapters as quickly as possible and very close together, so I can release them without any unexpected waits in between. My hope is that the rest of the summer will grant me more time than usual to work on fun-writing rather than just work-writing.
Sherlock touched the screen on his mobile phone to see the time, thinking to himself that the fact that the average arrival time for London ambulances is eight minutes. Eight minutes is a long time in terms of getting much-needed emergency medical attention, but is just as long in terms of time spent letting the sniper prepare his operation without making an effort to interfere.
“All right, but we’re going to need to come back to that later,” interrupted John. “I need to figure out the situation first. The…” He waved his hands in a hopeless search for the right words, and finally just gestured to himself. “This. Please.”
John’s frustration and irritation evaporated, to be replaced by a stunned and painful sort of awe.
“Doubtful,” said Sherlock. “He might have constructed it without Moran’s help, but he probably didn’t plant it himself. He likely had Mycroft’s blackmailed staffer do that to avoid unnecessary suspicion.”
to find—“
“A fair bit, yeah. I’m sure you know even more than I do.”
His life was one where there was an impossible significance to something as seemingly straightforward as a handshake.
John almost laughed at the complete lunacy of the situation (confused terror did strange things to a person’s nerves, it would seem). After a few seconds of struggle, he managed to get his shirt on and buttoned; as an afterthought, he grabbed a length of wide cloth bandage out of his bag and looped it around his neck and across his chest to form a makeshift sling for his left arm. He should give the stitches a day or two to reduce any risk of irritation or infection, and it gave him an excuse for the shouting.
“That is the complicated part, isn’t it,” said Sherlock, again absently stirring his tea. He looked out the window, his expression oddly focused, as if he was seeing something invisible.
happened.
(See the end of the chapter for
“The painted numbers on our door a month ago,” Sherlock guessed.
When a body vanishes, the last thing people would think is that it got up and walked out. And Sherlock intended to keep it that way.
It was only a matter of time, and his chance would come.
“And that shouldn’t be hard, since we’ve met,” said John. Sherlock got the impression that he was psyching himself up. “And died in front of each other. Loads to talk about. Great ice-breakers.”
“On the contrary. As far as I can see, it’s the only meaningful option available to us,” said Mycroft. “Moran has been entirely unresponsive to everyone I’ve sent in there, regardless of how charming, intimidating, or straightforward they’ve been. There’s nothing to be gained from sending me in to talk to him, as I’ve been directing everyone up to this point and all it does is expose me more. And I refuse to allow you in there, when Moriarty’s made it perfectly clear that his primary aim is to kill you. I think it would be wise, and reasonable, to assume that anything Moran would tell you would be specifically to put you in Moriarty’s way. Or he could attack you while you’re in the room with him. Which leaves John as the only remaining choice with any potential value.”
“I suppose you would know,” said Moran at last, a smile tugging at the corner of his mouth. If anything, it made him seem more dangerous, rather than less. After a moment, he continued, “All right. Then, if we’re both being honest with one another, I have to ask: is this—“ He gestured from John to himself to John again “—supposed to be making me nervous?”
“Now,” Moriarty continued, examining the fingernails on one hand, “I’m going to be honest with you, my dear—I don’t like getting my hands dirty.” He glanced up at Sherlock, black eyes flashing. “I’m sure you understand what I mean. But sometimes, it’s just
And yet here he was, with a man shot in the head for the sake of persuasion. And it was Sherlock’s fault that Yao was dead.
John wasn’t trying to look clueless or calm or unfazed anymore, and he didn’t care.
Sherlock glared at him. “Why must you assign blame for everything? No. It’s because you stormed in here and told him all of this when I wasn’t ready. That was my information.”
Mycroft raised his eyebrows. “Do you?”
Sherlock finally took a left turn and they entered a dark and deserted stairwell.  Sherlock climbed, keeping to the right side of the stairs, and John did the same. Sherlock was the faster of the two by far, flying up two flights of stairs with ease before stopping at a large window in the stairwell, which lead out to a fire escape situated in a side alley.
Sherlock just stared at Moriarty.
“Why?”
This case with John had changed everything, so maybe it was right for life to keep going and keep changing.
we’re talking about.” When John didn’t speak, he continued, “Didn’t that explosion make it plain? Moriarty doesn’t care about destroying things—or destroying people—to get what he wants.”
“I am
“Very funny.” Sherlock sighed, and continued, “This isn’t something I ever planned for. And it makes taking Moriarty down much harder than it was to begin with. But more than that, I have to reevaluate so much of what I thought I knew about how my Gift works.” He rubbed his eyes. “Plus death is not an obstacle for him when it comes to getting information or assistance. And I am inclined to think, based on the events of the last few hours, that he is less concerned about the sixty-second rule than I am.”
Sherlock’s eyelids twitched, and he reflexively refused to comply.
The room exploded into action. Doctors moved patients, soldiers changed positions, weapons were drawn and fired.
“You need a hobby. Knitting, maybe.”
“How?”
John looked away.
“Oh,” said John, frowning in surprise. “Okay. You okay?”
“We’re being watched,” Sherlock said, without looking at any of them. He traced the spines of books with his fingertips.
“That’s… horrifying,” said John.
John shrugged, turning his eyes to his notebook. “Suit yourself.”
“Anderson will never notice. Just give me his files and he’ll think he lost them. Or his head will explode. Either way, it’ll be fine.”
, and
“I have
Enjoy!
One touch gave life, and a second touch took it away, forever.
Mycroft’s jaw shifted, and it looked like working out his choice of words involved ungluing his teeth. “With all due respect, you have no idea what this is like,” he said, with just a little bit of the condescension he’d had a few days ago. “How difficult this is to process. It is impossible to rationalize. There is no way of explaining it. There’s no precedent for dealing with something like this.”
“Did you know about this?” he demanded, without preamble.
“Because if I ride with you, you’ll try to talk to me,” said Sherlock shortly, climbing in the car and slamming the door, before it drove off.
Anderson puffed up and prepared to start firing back insults, but Lestrade hurriedly ushered Anderson from the room, placating him all the way. Lestrade had then led Anderson out of insult-hearing range, assured him that Sherlock would be lectured for his behavior (a lie, but a well-intentioned lie, on Lestrade's part), and then he had returned to the unattended Sherlock.
Sherlock focused on Watson, studying the man again to see what he had missed. But he could not figure it out.
“Mm,” grunted Sherlock, not looking at him, and John stomped off to his bedroom, mumbling under his breath.
Sherlock tilted his head to the side inquisitively, looking Moriarty from head to toe. The usual deductive insights weren’t enough to paint a clear picture of… anything. Moriarty smiling in spite of a gun being leveled at his head probably said something about the man’s character, but then, Sherlock had known for a long time that Moriarty wasn’t like every other criminal.
if they could have things their way, John and Moran would probably just punch each other while
And with ten words, he had broken the first Rule.
“Sister,” corrected John. He’d meant to earlier, but he’d been too busy being impressed. “Harry, short for Harriet.”
“I’d never met him, heard of him, or seen him until the morgue two days ago,” said Sherlock coldly.
John let out a short breath.
Sherlock smirked, a little, and rolled his eyes. “Sorry.”
“Just me,” repeated John.
“Helpful, Sherlock,” John said sarcastically to the room at large.
In this particular moment, he vividly remembered a dark street some weeks before and the feeling of this man’s fist colliding with his cheek with enough force to send him to the ground before he was drugged and abducted by the Black Lotus. He remembered.
“Psychopaths crave appreciation. They crave challenges,” said Sherlock thoughtfully. “He’s gone so long without being noticed. I doubt many have even gotten close to pinning anything on him—Mycroft and the rest of MI5 were closest, perhaps, but Moriarty shut them down with relative ease. But we’ve been dancing around one another for weeks, and so far I’m not dead and I’m still looking. My track record for solving complex cases is nigh on spotless. And I’m a lot cleverer than MI5.”
And why shouldn’t there be?
“Call it whatever you like,” said Mycroft, in a tone of absolute disinterest, waving a hand. “My brother is relatively autonomous. Solitary. He operates independently, in everything he does. So it would naturally catch my attention if he begins associating with someone on a regular basis,
Sherlock and John both froze, John half-concealed in shadow on the stairs to his bedroom, Sherlock with his arms partially raised on either side, in the semblance of a rather overzealous shrug.
Enjoy!
“Where are you going?” said John breathily. His heart pounded in his chest.
Lestrade’s mouth was hanging open, but this didn’t seem to deter John.
dead, and he had
Mycroft raised an eyebrow. “You've met him. How many friends do you imagine he has? I'm the closest thing to a friend that he is capable of having.”
Sherlock took it and copied him. “John won’t approve,” he muttered, mostly to himself—but then, he reasoned, him sneaking a quick smoke was probably the least of John’s worries right now. Cigarette lit, he passed the lighter back to Mycroft and took a long drag. He scowled on the exhale. “This is
John ducked his head and kept his face angled down at the magazine he’d grabbed. He strained to hear, listening so intently that it was several seconds before he noticed that the magazine he was pretending to read was open upside-down. He quickly flipped it the right way.
. No thinking like that. No thinking like that.
Sherlock ignored him.
to exist, and be like me. Whether we are capable of believing it or not, Moriarty and I share the same Gift.”
“What in the—“said Lestrade, but stopped short at the sight of Sherlock dressed in a jumper hiding behind a chair while John, clad in his bathrobe and buried in files, brandished the other sock in his hand.
Suzhou numerals. 32, 5, 112, 19…
"And you know that… how?" said Lestrade.
John smiled, holding back a laugh. “Hey, it’s better than bed rest.”
He was surprised Lestrade didn’t pull a pastry out of a coat pocket, as only baked goods could possibly soothe Lestrade’s nerves.
“And definitely a real sniper’s,” added John. “Sounds like standard military issue. British Army snipers use .388 Magnums too.”
Sherlock put this from his mind and made his way through the familiar halls to the morgue. When he reached it, he was pleased to see that the lights were on and that the only person inside was Molly Hooper. Reliable Molly.
“Just thought I’d ask,” said Sherlock, rolling his eyes, and he swept out the door. “I’ll be back!”
Moriarty’s voice broke through Sherlock’s panic. “Am I right?” he asked, practically bouncing on the spot with obvious delight. “I am, aren’t I?”
“If you lose your brother because of this, because you’re
I'm hoping to update this on Mondays as often as I can (little tricky with school and thesis-writing, but I'm nothing if not determined XD). Thanks for sticking with me thus far! I hope this gets better and better as it gets rolling!
“I don’t think that’s a good idea,” said Sherlock slowly, even as every corner of his mind screamed horrified protests at doing any such thing.
“Aren’t people in the military supposed to be good at following orders?” asked Sherlock exasperatedly.
John stopped at the foot of the stairs, looking confused. “Sorry, when was this?”
The image of the man he and John had passed in the hall on their way to find Mycroft just after the explosion—face-down and unmoving on the floor—flashed through Sherlock’s mind. “I can ask him,” said Sherlock, though the prospect made him inexplicably uneasy.
He needed to stop expecting Watson to act like ordinary people. He was making assumptions. Only idiots made assumptions.
Sherlock gave an exasperated sigh. “Ah, the simplicity of your mind. Fine. We have a deal.”
“I just don’t
They didn’t need to.
In one instantaneous, perfect moment, the world slowed for Young Sherlock as if it was showing him exactly what he had to do.
Sleep didn’t come.
There was a loud pounding on the front door downstairs. John jumped and Sherlock flinched, but they could hear Mrs. Hudson’s call of “I’m coming! Just a moment…” and both relaxed a fraction as they heard the door open and close calmly.
“Want to try a rematch?” said John.
“Gruner missed a kill shot by a few inches, and a few of Mycroft’s people are going to need a little patching up from the scuffle as they were subduing him,” Sherlock said, voice slightly muffled by his hands. But.” He looked up, and it was like the dread that been hanging on his features for hours had ignited. It was a burning energy behind his eyes. “But we
He’d suspect it was all a lie.
HOLY CRAP IT'S ABOUT TIME
So he did what he always did. He saw, and observed, and deduced, and hoped that would be enough.
Sixty seconds after the dead bird got up and flew away, a second bird dropped out of the sky. A dove, at his feet.
bizarre lucid dream, or he was actually dead and this was the post-mortem holding pattern.
The truth isn’t like a litter of puppies from which you get to pick the cutest. There is one truth in moments like this, and even if it’s the meanest, ugliest puppy you’ve ever seen, you still have to deal with it.
lax.”
Sherlock
“Incriminating,” echoed John.
Sherlock let out a frustrated noise. “You can’t be this ridiculous!” he said. “You’re leaving, now.”
“You mean Moriarty’s impending invitation.”
Molly bit her lip. “Oh.”
John shrugged slightly. “I’d think less of me.”
I've had this idea for an eternity but was never quite brave enough to write it. But, uh… time to get brave?!
Within minutes of the cleaners leaving, Sherlock’s phone started to buzz.
“No,” Sherlock admitted. “No, we wouldn’t be any more involved than we already are.”
murdered,” said Sherlock.
“But—“
. I think he’ll talk to you. He can ignore scrutiny from me and my people because we know nothing of one another. But he can’t ignore you.”
Sherlock said nothing.
(See the end of the chapter for
He checked the timer.
“Because he’s expendable. He doesn’t need Gruner. Gruner’s simply one of many.” Sherlock shook his head slowly. “Just a toy. A pawn. A useful asset that’s now been cut loose.”
This chapter was actually really hard to write, largely because of Mycroft BEING A JERK and me trying to balance reactions. I'd originally wanted to bring in more of John's thoughts, but it became really jarring switching perspectives all over the place (thank god my beta pointed this out).
Sherlock would sporadically get up and pace the room, or flip distractedly through his files, or even take up the violin resting by the window once more and play rapid-fire scales. Anything to keep busy, anything to keep distracted.
“Suspense won’t hurt, and the wait gives us more time to get as much information about Moran as possible before you talk to him,” said Mycroft.
Sherlock grabbed his long black coat and stormed out of the flat, leaving John to stare after him.
“No, actually, no, you can’t,” interrupted John, and Sherlock turned his head to shoot a glare at him. “We need to get you out of here,” John went on, matching Sherlock’s glare, before turning away from Sherlock altogether to look at Lestrade. “Sorry, Greg, but can you…?”
“Why?” John smiled, and shrugged. “Because we
the fun to come
“So let’s just be careful not to push them,” said Lestrade, joining Sherlock inside, and the two of them walked through the entryway and into the large bare room where Shan had been killed. “Let’s just be cautious and…”
“I think you’ll find it does,” protested John.
Now we begin to delve into the real dramas… bwahaha.
“Did you kill me?” said Hope, suddenly looking just as shocked as everyone else, and he sat up a little to get a better look at Sherlock. “I just assumed it was the aneurism.”
“You heard me.”
Moriarty made a dismissive noise. “Don’t tell me you’re shocked?”
Young Sherlock met the teachers’ gazes levelly, and it was then that Young Sherlock’s understanding of the importance of deduction was fully kindled into being. For without insight, without evidence, without knowledge, it was impossible to understand anything.
“Do the cases have anything to do with Moriarty?” asked Sherlock, not looking up.
After a moment, Mycroft continued, “Is that all you came here to say? To force me to accept that this is all real?”
John looked at the photograph.
“Oh.” Sherlock blinked. He hadn’t considered this. But then, he’d long since grown utterly unaccustomed to working with other people.
Sherlock hurried through the door and led the way down the stairs as quickly as he could. John followed a few steps behind, and they wound their way down flight after flight until they reached a door to one of the lower levels. Pausing only for a moment to listen at the door (even though the only obvious sound was the wail of the alarms), he pushed the door open.
John took a deep breath—or at least as deep a breath as possible against the weight of explosives pressing on his ribcage—and shut his eyes. He leaned against the wall.
And then deeply, deeply concerned.
“No shit,” said Lestrade, who was now clearly suppressing a giggle. “But what does it have to do with a piece of pottery? And what’s with the flirting? ’I like watching you dance’… What, is he stalking you?”
?" said Lestrade.
“Because there are two possible ways for me to have a photograph like this,” explained Mycroft, picking up the photo and holding it up. It took an unexpected amount of willpower for John to both not look at it and not look away. “Either you’re the man in the photograph, or you’re trying to be.”
Alone, thought Sherlock, was protecting. Alone meant safety. Reason. Logic. Caution. Alone meant intelligent decisions and objective deduction and staying far away from morgues where a cabbie was lying dead. Where the first human Sherlock had accidentally made die was now lying.
“Sherlock!” called Lestrade’s voice from the opposite end of the hall, interrupting his thoughts.
“Pretty twisted,” commented John with distaste.
Sherlock had never cared much about the arts, but somewhere in his mind he had filed away a piece of ancient mythology. In the Greek poet Hesiod’s
“And,” continued Sherlock, sensing John was thinking something along those lines, “we know Moriarty has an easy enough time coordinating his people and organizing international efforts, if he’s able to get his sniper out to the middle of nowhere in Afghanistan and then recall him to London a matter of weeks later. So the sniper isn’t tied to anyone or anything else that requires much attention, not if they’re so mobile.”
The cab Sherlock had ignored a few moments earlier rolled past, window rolled down. “I’m guessing you still don’t need a ride,” called the cabbie miserably.
Sherlock lay in bed, searching every word, every file, every memory in his mind palace for one whisper of Moriarty, until he finally gave up on sleep.
“How often am I in over my head?” said Sherlock, raising an eyebrow.
WHAT'S THIS
“Don’t get mouthy with me,” she cautioned, but Sherlock was already sweeping down the hall away from her, and Donovan didn’t follow.
“Carl Powers had some kind of fit in the water,” said Sherlock. It had been years since he’d given it much thought, but he could recall every detail of the newspaper stories with ease. “He was a good swimmer but he just—seized up. Everyone assumed he’d had some sort of episode. Maybe choked. There was no obvious cause of death. No revealing trauma. Apparently some of the other children tried to help him out of the water once they’d noticed, and the lifeguards did the same, but it was too late. He was dead before the paramedics got there. It was deemed an accident, but there was something wrong. Something I just couldn’t get out of my head.”
AND HE LOOKS AT ME
He was alone.
"I'm - sorry?" said Sherlock, not understanding.
Sherlock no
When he felt in-control enough to walk without falling over, John crossed the locker room and made his way down the rows of cubbyholes until he found the exit. He seized the handle, and tugged.
“No one’s been by?”
“What did you have in mind?” asked Sherlock absently.
This chapter ended up being about three times as long as I had originally expected, so I’ve actually moved a large chunk of it to the next chapter. XD There’s just too much happening, haha
“Three days,” Sherlock agreed. The two settled into their usual evening silence before eventually plodding off to their respective bedrooms, each planning a day in the life of the man they both understood completely and not at all.
“What?” he said finally, and it came out as much more of a demand for information than a comforting query.
“Have a nice day,” said Moriarty brightly, waving one hand.
“But… but where are the bodies, then?” said Lestrade.
And then:
to him?”
,” said John.
Sherlock shifted in his chair. “I’m inclined to side with John. As much as I need the information you’re offering to get for me, I’m not willing to subject you to that great of a risk.”
“A different life?” said Sherlock, with a miserable laugh. “One where I’m not a freak in the eyes of just about every living being on the planet. And most the dead ones too, I expect.” Before John could say anything, Sherlock laughed again, rubbing his eyes. “Apologies. Self-pity gets old.”
Either way, there was something nice about it—about having someone determinedly fighting his moral corner. It was certainly a change from Lestrade’s people, with Donovan or Anderson muttering derisively in the background.
“This is why I like experiments better than people,” said Sherlock grumpily to no one in particular, before he slipped back outside and onto the streets of London.
“And it couldn’t bloody wait until I got up?!” demanded John, fury clearly the only thing keeping him from crumpling back into bed.
It could be anyone. A total stranger. It did not matter. The mistake had been made. The reaction was irreversible.
None of his attackers had guns drawn. He could see a small caliber handgun in the belt of one, and a knife strapped to the thigh of one of the others. But the gun was away, so clearly they didn’t just want him dead. The woman had held a glass needle and potentially had more. So, their aim was to leave Sherlock alive but subdued and unable to discern where they were going. The three men who had joined the older woman were all younger, as well as strong, muscled, and skilled. At least two were trained in some kind of hand-to-hand combat. No obvious marks of a gang on their faces or hands. Little talking. But certainly all a team—were they partners? Not mercenaries. Smugglers? All Chinese. The woman was not related to any of them. The one Sherlock was currently in the process of tripping had a drinking problem that he was attempting to conceal from the woman. The other two were competing. This was a competition, as well as an assignment.
Young Sherlock practiced, and Young Sherlock read, and Young Sherlock waited. He wouldn’t be the one to start a confrontation—instead, he would endeavour to be the one to end the confrontations. Permanently. He just wanted to be left alone. To be ignored, even. That was all he wanted. To be left alone. None of them knew about Young Sherlock’s Gift for bringing the dead back to life, but then, they didn’t need to know for their taunting to hurt. Young Sherlock was already alone. That was painful enough, without their help.
Soo Lin looked down at her hands in her lap, and Sherlock got the distinct impression that she wasn’t proud of her affiliation with Gruner.
Sherlock could have laughed at the mundane absurdity these three sentences had in the context of the entire situation. Instead, Sherlock pushed the door open, and stopped in the doorway.
There was, disappointingly, nothing. Honestly, a little pathetic.
“Yeah, yeah, it is,” said John, smiling before he retreated inside. “Now that we know the Black Lotus is watching you, I’d like to remind you once again not to get abducted.”
“I have absolutely no idea,” said Sherlock glumly. “None whatsoever. We know of only a handful of people who are or have been connected to Moriarty. And honestly, I don’t know that any of his living ‘employees’ would be willing to work with us anyway. Moriarty seems very – possessive, when it comes to his people.”
Feeling distinctly more awake now, John looked around the rest of the flat, but there was no sign of Sherlock. At last, he came to a stop in the middle of the living room, licking his lips anxiously.
“There’s no one in the lobby,” said Sherlock. The atrium was barely visible through the glass framing the doors, but it looked like it was utterly devoid of activity. “I don’t see anyone. Including security or personnel at the main desk.”
John and Sherlock had spent the better part of three hours in the waiting room. In that time, they’d had no news—although, as John had pointed out a couple hours earlier, they were unlikely to get any until Soo Lin was out of surgery, awake, and well enough to receive visitors who weren’t related to her. They had exchanged few words beyond that; stress, shock, and exhaustion all possessed a numbing effect that made simple things like small-talk take an insurmountable amount of effort.
John stood at his side. “I was kind of hoping…” he said quietly, and Sherlock knew he’d been thinking of the coded graffiti as well. He glanced at Sherlock. “Maybe she’s inside?”
So when the hair on the back of his neck suddenly stood on end and something in his mind screamed a warning, without clear cause, Sherlock didn’t question it. Instead, he stepped out of cover and started to run towards the voices in the dark.
After a pause, John followed.
Lestrade did not argue when John called him early the next morning and requested that he call Josiah Amberley in to the station again. John told Lestrade to tell Amberley that a man from Essex had called in with information about Mrs. Amberley; he gave Lestrade a random address out of the phone book.
Normally, his physical state wasn’t of much interest, but Sherlock couldn’t help but note that everything—and he meant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9o19CaOSuD8
Sherlock hurried down the stairs and out onto the street, ignoring Mrs. Hudson’s curious call of “Sherlock, what’s all the excitement?”. He took a few seconds, looking right and scanning ahead for John.
After a pause, John asked, “Do you know where Mrs. Amberley and Dr. Ernest are, then?”
After navigating a few hallways without incident, Sherlock had reached the morgue, entered, and received a solid blow to the head from John for his troubles.
When Sherlock didn’t elaborate, John prompted him. “So…?”
John rounded the chair he’d been leaning against and sat down, still looking anxious. “Admittedly, most of my morning has been watching Connie Prince with Mrs. Hudson, but I have had a little time to look around the web for news. And there’s no mention of me, anywhere.”
“Since the investigation has not yet concluded, I’ll reserve my belief for later.”
“I don’t care,” said Sherlock venomously. “I’ve been exiled against my will.”
“Mycroft?” said Sherlock absently, sending a text to Lestrade before answering. “Oh, he might even be better than I am. But he’s so
“Sherlock,” said John unexpectedly, touching Sherlock’s sleeve near the elbow, his tone suddenly urgent, all anger evaporated.
seconds, that he almost screamed) to make sure the writing was dry before he let his coat sleeve fall again.
“I’m fine,” said Sherlock automatically. The last thing he wanted was to have to deal with people. If John had anywhere else he could go, Sherlock would have kicked him out too, until he felt in control again. Accepting help in the process of escaping the Black Lotus was one thing, but being babied was something else entirely. And entirely unacceptable.
At this time in his young life, Young Sherlock had never been in close proximity to a dead thing before. But because he was young, exceptionally curious, and extremely bored, Young Sherlock was not fazed by it. Just interested, and a little sad. But, Young Sherlock reasoned, he should honour the little thing by learning as much as he could about it, and then using said knowledge to prevent a similar incident from occurring ever again. As he stood there, looking at the bird’s body, he was already trying to determine the best way to alert birds to the presence of the pane in his window (in a way that would conceal the large crack in the glass from his father as well, as it would undoubtedly become a 'big deal').
“Apparently,” said Sherlock. He
This chapter was a little challenging, I'm not going to lie, but I hope I reached a decent balance for Sherlock's reactions and behavior. Besides, there's so much drama just waiting to be drama'ed (not a word).
Lestrade, interestingly, was waiting for Sherlock at the elevator doors. Sherlock stepped out of the lift and nearly collided with the policeman.
“Yes,” said Sherlock shortly, feeling mildly ill.
“I’d like to point out,” said Sherlock, “that you’re currently griping about the cost of a parking ticket that might be a couple hundred pounds at most—and yet, somehow, that
?” they demanded in unison.
Sherlock was perched in his usual chair by the window, long legs crossed and phone resting on his knees as he idly went through phone messages and a few sparse (and dull) case requests on his website while John puttered about in the kitchen making himself what had to be his twentieth cup of tea that day.
John looked at Mycroft, trying to match his coldness. “I might be wrong… but I
“I’m asking you to go as a… friend,” said Sherlock, hesitating before the last word as if unsure whether he was allowed to use it. When John doesn’t object, he continues, “I know you have your pride and your history and there’s a sense of responsibility to it all. I know you feel committed to this. To me. To helping me. And you’re the sort of person who doesn’t take that kind of commitment lightly. Obviously.”
“Time,” repeated Sherlock blankly.
“And why is that?”
“I appreciate it,” said Lestrade, smiling. “Good luck.”
“You set off the bomb on Baker Street so you could see who was living in our flat,” said Sherlock—he knew it had to be true, so he didn’t frame it as a question. “We would have to evacuate, and the time spent milling about on the street gave you more than enough time to observe us.”
not happen. His Rules were comprehensive, rigid, and without exception.
He was interrupted by the arrival of Detective Inspector Lestrade, who walked right through the door and into the middle of the apartment and narrowly missed being smacked in the face with one of Sherlock’s socks. Behind him a stranger stood in the hallway looking disgruntled.
“Not a civilian.”
It was already late.
He stepped inside, leaving a perplexed Mrs. Hudson behind, and crossed slowly to the stairs, listening. There was no noise from upstairs, good or bad. He hesitated a moment longer, almost hoping he
to go on. With any luck, that won’t be the case now.”
I really wanted this to be a chance for Sherlock to gain a little insight into Moriarty's little network of evil, and also establish a good, solid reason for John to venture out of 221B in spite of Sherlock's instructions to stay put. Sherlock knows John is skilled and capable, but knowing and
, rather than something to
“Probably pointless, I know,” said John, anticipating disapproval.
He had to know. Whether to understand or to ensure that he never fell prey to that part of his mind again, he did not need to know, and he did not care to. The fact that someone was dead as a result of his carelessness had to be blocked out. He had to delete the part of him that still struggled to process that weight on his conscience (the part of him that screamed '
“And back to work,” said John.
“And now you think we have the terrorist’s name?” said John.
And finally another update!
John laughed again.
Sherlock waited a long second, and then he lunged. Sherlock didn’t need to have his eyes open in order to know where to strike; he could deduce enough from his footsteps. He knew the man was peering at him, a little too close, and as Sherlock’s eyes opened he grabbed the man by the shirt collar and heaved down so hard that the man’s head slammed into the beam that Sherlock was supposed to be bound to, bashing his skull into the wood just over Sherlock’s head. The man’s muscled arm smacked Sherlock’s face, a black lotus flower tattooed on his wrist.
“Don’t you fucking die on me,” said John—but even as he did, Moran’s eyes locked with his and grew dim, like a candle flame being smothered.
“Lovely,” grumbled Lestrade, and he and Sherlock haltingly followed John up the stairs, ascending silently and carefully.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
Because Sherlock was talking to the victim.
Sherlock paused, for only a split second, to debate how much to say. But his own curiosity won out, clamoring to see what sort of reaction this string of deductions would receive, and it took all of two seconds for Sherlock’s inquisitive, scientific, and slightly vain mind to take off at full tilt.
Sherlock raised a hand, poised to tap Watson once more, with his eyes glued on the timer. "Well, it seems apparent from your testimony that it was an operation focused solely on the elimination of the informant you attended. A specialized lone gunman who rigged the original explosives. In your last seconds, the informant grabbed you to transfer his message and effectively pulled you into the sniper's kill shot. The sniper is likely former military employed by individuals with more destructive intentions. Rest assured we will find the persons responsible. Your death had meaning, or whatever it is that will make you feel better. Goodbye." Sherlock glanced up to make contact.
At last, the curtains were all drawn, and Sherlock turned back to face the room. He moved a few steps forward, and sat in his usual chair by the window. John sat in the chair opposite.
Lestrade backed down. He almost always did. "I know that. Christ, it's not like you haven't proven you're capable a hundred times already."
Glass glinted in the old woman’s hand in the light from a streetlamp.
“But actually interesting?” ventured John, getting caught up and swept away by Sherlock’s excitement.
If only Lestrade knew.
John trudged sluggishly down the hall to Sherlock’s room, and knocked. When there was no reply, he cautiously turned the handle and pushed the door open. “Hello?”
“I won’t do it again, I promise,” said John. He looked around, this time seriously getting a bearing on his surroundings, figuring out the best way to get out of the coffin. Finally, he clambered over the side and slid onto the shelf supporting the coffin, before dropping to the floor.
“Mm.” John yawned again. “You going to be ready?”
Thanks as ever to my incredible beta
Moran passed under the east end of the bridge and through the wharf, still a distant figure occasionally moving out of sight. Then Moran turned left and vanished between two buildings.
You'll undoubtedly have noticed that -- as I mentioned in the previous chapter's notes -- I've made several noticeable changes to Soo Lin's backstory and timeline. Specifically, Soo Lin is still a member of the Black Lotus when her brother is killed, and she is placed in the museum as
Finally John said, “Just… tell me how to be you. How is it that you can have all of these thoughts in your head and still manage to make sense of it all? I don’t understand.”
“Mission accomplished,” said John.
Mycroft closed his eyes and took a deep, slow breath, which was as close to an open admission of dread as he was capable of. “I thought as much. That explains the explosion. I assume he sent another message?”
“I don’t like sharing,” said Moriarty simply, with a little shrug.
The stranger straightened and surveyed him. “Sherlock Holmes,” she said, her strong accent suggesting she was a native of China.
“Of course I can,” said Sherlock automatically, almost irritated, but he didn’t do anything.
Thanks for reading! Your support and feedback means a lot! <3
“Unless you’ve brought me coffee or a cigarette, I’d advise you to move back out of my reach before I break your nose,” said Sherlock, in a painfully civil (and hoarse) tone.
“You didn’t have your gun with you. What use would you be without a gun?” Sherlock replied.
There’d be another message in no time.
Though of course, in this instance, ‘I don’t care’ really meant ‘I care very much, and possibly more than I care about anything else’.
Or at least, this seemed like a good lie to tell himself until he was alone.
“Yeah. That is – I mean…” John gave a quick recounting of everything that had happened to him, from the moment the Black Lotus had broken into 221B, to waking up in the locker room, to finding a bomb on his chest, to hearing Moriarty in his ear, and finally to walking out to the pool to join Sherlock. No one said a word while he spoke, other than a few squeaks of horror from Mrs. Hudson.
“Fuck off,” said John tightly.
Sherlock’s phone buzzed in his pocket.
“See what you can figure out,” said Sherlock. “From the shoes. Explore my process.”
Sherlock hesitated a moment longer, then turned and started the walk back to rejoin Mycroft and John.
The click of the lock disrupted Sherlock from his thoughts just enough to glance in the direction of the door, and then at John, bouncing on his heels with a newfound rush of excitement bubbling up in his diaphragm. “That was uncharacteristically cowardly of you, Inspector,” he said smugly.
“Yeah?” said Lestrade, and he heaved a miserable sigh.
Almost.
“Are you meeting Lestrade later to look for messages?”
Sherlock had never been one to tolerate another person digging around for his secrets, and this was no exception. In fact, this might be one of the most significant examples of situations in which inquiries were not welcome. In fact, unwelcome. Actively discouraged. Largely forbidden. Universally prohibited.
“There is a code,” said Soo Lin. “A code which all smugglers in the Tong know. You will have seen it.”
Sherlock glanced at John too. There was a hardness in his expression, standing out despite the backdrop of fear, a resolve that Sherlock wished he had. Sherlock’s heart was beating against his ribcage like something trapped and hysterical. He felt as if he could practically hear John’s heart doing the same. And yet John still looked impossibly composed, poised for action. If it was a question of fight or flight, John—the doctor, the soldier—would almost always choose fight.
This was not the perfect arrangement, Sherlock knew. For one, he was breaking the deal right from the very start. John didn’t know everything about his being alive again, and Sherlock wasn’t about to tell him. Sherlock wasn’t going to tell him about the cabbie. He wasn’t going to tell him about the one-minute rule. And for another, Sherlock knew no one, save himself and a select few, who could remove emotion from the equation. And John was not one of them.
Josiah thought killing his wife and neighbor was a good way to address the issue of their affair—there was no affair, by the way,” Sherlock said to Amberley, who looked up at him in horror. ”You can tell from her toothbrush—but then you were too blinded by… oh, what's the word…”
"Oh," said Watson, comprehension dawning on his face. "That's why you said not to touch you before."
Thank you all for sticking with me so far! Thank you for your patience and feedback and support, it means so so much!
Sherlock’s arms fell forward and he growled in discomfort.
“Want to see some more?"
His laptop flashed a message that it would switch to sleep mode in sixty seconds if he did nothing.
“Mm.” John sat in the opposite chair, looking over at Sherlock. “Considering until a couple weeks ago, every spare minute since I’ve been alive again was filled with something dramatic, it feels… weird. After being brought back, and adjusting, and Jeff Hope, then the Black Lotus fiasco, and Shan…”
This person had a black lotus tattoo on their ankle.
wouldn’t?”
“I don’t know what game you’re playing, but no piece like this would get into London through anyone other than me,” said Gruner, and Sherlock thought he looked almost manic all of a sudden. “Tell me how you got it. The truth.”
John pushed at the poolside door again, but it didn’t move. The silence stretched on, and after several minutes of quiet, John leaned against the wall once more, and he waited.
There was a black sedan parked a short distance away, just outside the perimeter set up by the police. A driver sat behind the wheel, not engaged in any obvious task but still at attention, and a woman stood to one side of the car, her eyes glued to the phone in her hands.
“I’m disturbed that you just know that off the top of your head,” said John, but he nodded. “How did the killer—how did Moriarty, assuming it’s him, get his hands on that kind of poison?”
"All right, all right…"
And it wasn't John Watson.
He answered. “What,” he snarled groggily.
He wasn’t sure what to do with John.
Sherlock and Lestrade parted ways, Sherlock walking back to the street to flag a cab.
“Apparently.” Sherlock sighed. “They entered shortly after I retrieved you from the morgue, and were apparently after rather the same thing I was.”
as we know him.
This chapter was rather tricky for me, because it felt like a return to the slower pace of chapters past; however, there's a reason for this.
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitched in what might, under better circumstances, have resulted in a smile. “That’s your obsession with morals talking again.”
“Sherlock,” said John. “Patience is a virtue.”
“I guess,” said John, a little grudgingly. “That would make things too easy. And that means the sniper is useful only in terms of information, not for actually foiling any sort of attempt on your life.”
coming off.
I like watching you dance.
John walked through the front door of the club. It was totally silent, just as it had been before, none of the men loitering around the foyer saying anything. John glanced around, and then he walked briskly down the hall. He remembered the route easily enough, and he didn’t stop until he reached Mycroft’s office door. He paused, wavering, and then he took a deep breath, squared his shoulders, set his expression, and opened the door.
When they had closed, Sherlock took a few steps back and ruffled his hair. He turned to find John in his seat in the corner, and crossed over to him. He spoke very quietly, so no one else in the sparsely-inhabited waiting room would hear. “When she comes back, and until she leaves again, we pretend we don’t know one another. You keep your head down. Ignore me. Her. Anything she says about Soo Lin. Pretend you’re reading a magazine or something.”
The next chapter may also be a little late if I'm traveling but I really hope it's on time
The second thing was the overwhelming, nauseating smell of chlorine.
There was a long pause, and then the door opened to reveal Gruner. He looked even more severe in person, his haughty expression accenting and accentuating his short greying hair and slightly narrowed eyes. He looked down his nose at Sherlock.
“Unless you’re busy,” said John.
In any case, we carry on! Hoping to get lots of writing done in the next couple weeks, since I have my candidacy exams in May (which is kind of like your midway qualifiers for your PhD, for those who don't subject themselves to a lifetime of being in school XD) and will be in geoscience+astrobiology hell for most of that month. No schedule promises, for that reason, but I can say I have several chapters in various stages of completion and they'll be up as quickly as I can spare five minutes for fun-writing rather than work-writing. ;D
“I know you’re frustrated…” started Lestrade, but Sherlock ignored him.
The refusal was halfway formulated in Sherlock’s larynx and a third of the way out of his mouth when he forced himself to stop.
Somewhere beyond the pool room was the sound of a door opening and slamming shut. John and Sherlock spun, looking towards the door through which the sound had come, and Sherlock scrambled to pick up the discarded gun and raise it again, aiming at the door at the far end of the pool. Neither of them moved, or spoke.
“It’s not the delay that’s got you upset,” said John, after a moment of watching Sherlock furiously typing.
“Oh my God,” said Lestrade, rubbing his eyes.
Molly turned back to him, and smiled nervously. She held out a hand. “You’re John, right?”
John stopped and turned to look over his shoulder. “Yeah?”
“Oh, there’s no ‘we’,” said Moriarty. “No, this is where you back off.”
“It’s not hard. The intervals of buses driving past, with the deeper, slower rumbling and the sound of the doors opening and closing, and the view from the stairs of this charming little prison, are sufficient for determining our location. Your people, meanwhile, do nothing to hide their identifying tattoos. And their source of work. If your goal is to hide Moriarty from people like me, you’re really doing a terrible job. I barely start digging around in Moriarty’s business, and you all immediately panic and drag me in here to threaten me into silence. So then. Are you intentionally stupid or do you only now realize how dumb you all seem to me? Tell me this wasn’t Moriarty’s idea. I’m underwhelmed.”
“No, I didn’t,” said Lestrade.
“Which could be as simple as the offer of not being dead,” John pointed out. “Speaking from personal experience… that offer isn’t worth nothing.”
Sherlock bypassed both of them, and stepped to the front door. He paused, listening for a few seconds for noises outside as John and Mrs. Hudson moved to the landlady’s apartment, and then he opened the door decisively.
“Something on the order of an obscenely large fortune,” said Sherlock.
“That’s what
He had no idea what would happen if Moriarty touched John—if it would change nothing or if his action could be Sherlock’s reaction.
But perhaps Pandora was simply keeping it safe, because she knew it would be needed later. She’d keep Hope in the jar, locked away somewhere buried deep. Who knows how long she’d need to keep it?
,” snarled Sherlock again.
Also, a random note: the Suzhou numerals are the same number system the Black Lotus use in the show; in the show, Sherlock mistakenly refers to them as Hangzhou numerals, a misnomer that originated in a Unicode 3.0 error. Pointless tiny detail that I figured I'd mention just in case anyone was like "that's... not what the numbers are called in the show".
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “This isn’t a joke, John. Stop it.”
Soo Lin nodded. “You have to go. You have to catch the sniper before more of us die.”
John said nothing.
Mycroft bristled, and he and Sherlock stared at each other, eyes narrowed, with the sort of intensity that John would associate with two aliens trying to set one another on fire with their eyes. Some sort of furious, silent debate must have passed between them, because after a moment Mycroft straightened and took a step back. “We’ll discuss this elsewhere,” he said coldly. “We can have a private conversation then.”
Young Sherlock had brought a dead sparrow back to life with a single touch.
“Time to start digging again,” suggested John, and Sherlock nodded, though without much in the way of excitement.
The front door downstairs slammed.
John rubbed his eyes and laughed, albeit a little nervously. “Let’s be positive,” he agreed. “At least until breakfast. For now, neither of us is dead, and we’re back home where we belong. That’s enough for now.” He made his way out of the kitchen to the foot of the stairs leading up to his bedroom. “You sleep too, okay? I think you need it.”
"So you've no idea what the message meant? You didn't hear more?" Sherlock asked, fingers steepled under his chin as he thought.
And, this mini-break has given me a lot of time to strategize going forward.
Sherlock and John both froze. “Shit,” said John, backing up a step and bringing Sherlock with him. He raised his gun to his chest, doing his best to be ready to move while still keeping Sherlock standing, and as soon as the newcomer was mostly in view, John leveled the gun, before immediately lowering it with an exhale of relief. “
in being at Bart’s…
“Everything he does is theatrical,” said Moran. “Often enough, people pay attention to theatrics more than facts.”
Then, taking a breath, he stepped forward and climbed into the car.
John nodded, and took a deep breath. “I just have to get him to talk to me.”
“But knowing that they’re right means we can act on them,” said Sherlock. “It gives us direction.”
Sherlock shrugged. “We are both very accomplished at arguing, especially with one another. Though we were also talking about long-term plans. Security measures, too.”
Check the timer.
Lestrade stared after him, then turned his gaze to John. “It’s
Sherlock took it.
“Are you sure?”
“Oh, no, not really,” she said, face turning red again. “I help him out sometimes, but I don’t think that means I’m someone he trusts. I don’t count.”
Sherlock shrugged as much as was possible with his hands cuffed behind his back. “Should I care?”
This chapter marks the start of the endgame, as this universe’s oldest rule, “cabs = bad news”, makes one more appearance. I wanted to give our guys a little time to review the latest developments before shit, inevitably, hits the fan for everyone.
John’s face grew serious. “No ‘or’,” he said shortly.
He didn’t need anyone.
"You are dead. You're very much dead. But you're not for the next—" Consult the timer. "—forty-one seconds, during which time I require your cooperation. Moving on," continued Sherlock crisply, and he succeeded in remaining blatantly detached. "Afghanistan or Iraq?"
Sherlock laughed a little. “All right, doctor. Well, sooner would be better than later.”
“Apparently, the only thing he said all night was that he wanted a smoke,” said Mycroft, in a tone that said he sympathized with the sentiment. “Dawson picked them up this morning.”
Moran left the building, it makes more sense to establish how the hell he got out in the first place. Want to fill us in, Mycroft?”
,” said John sharply. “That choice makes no sense, and all you’ve droned on about for days is how everything you do is driven by logic. Deliberate choice, not random proximity and chance bullshit.”
a story, Sherlock,” said Mycroft. “It
It took Sherlock a full five seconds to process this enough to say “thanks anyway”, which prompted a good minute more of back and forth reassuring Molly that everything was fine, no worries, it’s not important anyway—when in fact everything was not fine, there were worries, and it was incredibly important anyway—before Sherlock managed to say goodbye and leave the morgue.
~o~O~o~
a bit possessive.”
Speaking of complications. John instinctively put his hand over the wound in his shoulder. “Is this a risk.”
quipped Sherlock’s mind, and he filed that deduction away for later examination. He was confident he already had John’s partial trust, but not his complete trust.
“It’s worked out well for both of you, I think,” said John with a shrug. “He gives you cases to solve and you help him with the ones no one can solve. Everyone wins.”
Sherlock frowned.
Sherlock permitted himself a rather self-satisfied smirk. “And this is why I keep you around, John.”
“It’s not like he wasn’t dangerous to begin with,” said John.
“How much of being a consulting detective involves being a smartass?” said John.
The beginning of this chapter is supposed to be the pseudo-quiet before the storm.
This was his first day back to civilian life, John realized with a jolt.
And even though his mother, and his father, and his brother all thought Sherlock was getting very excited over a rather uninteresting tidbit from a rather grim and morbid event, Young Sherlock was sure.
Sherlock blinked. “It’s a what?”
At last, I return!
“I’m sure.”
“Do you have a death wish?” demanded Sherlock.
“I was wondering if Mr. Holmes is in,” she said, sounding bored more than anything else.
His mind went utterly blank as panic squeezed a strong hand around his throat. “Uh.”
“My brother is the power behind the throne. Every throne. Metaphorically speaking, of course.”
John set his bag down next to the door, and stepped inside. He looked around the rooms, taking it all in, and didn’t say anything until Sherlock said from the kitchen, “Do you mind shutting the door? I’d rather not have my landlady wander through asking about the noise and complaining about her hip again.”
“Following Moran,” said Sherlock, coming to a halt in front of the other two men, and not looking directly at John.
Sherlock sighed, equally amused and exasperated. “It’s not worth the risk. At least not yet. I’m only beginning the investigation. Just stay here, lie low, and heal your shoulder. Have some tea. Something.”
John and Sherlock looked at one another, and then at him. “… Is it?” asked John doubtfully.
“I’m sorry, really,” said John again. “I wasn’t sure when you were coming back, and I let my guard down. Sorry. I’m really sorry.”
John sank into the closest chair, blood from his nose running down his chin and dripping onto his shirt.
“You all right?”
John shook his head, also trying to shake off the sense of unease that crept up on him every time he thought too much about Moriarty, and said, “He does seem to pride himself on having a huge network that’s hidden from view and kept strictly in line.”
!” he yelled again, just as he rounded the corner and Moran came back into view.
John let out a sigh, as Sherlock and Mycroft once again exchanged matching glares. After a long pause, he let out a second sigh, and squared his shoulders. “… Okay. So – so if I’m talking to Moran, what
“And why should I?” asked Mycroft, and his voice had taken on a new coldness.
“I may also have chemicals lying about, and might use the kitchen table for experiments.” Sherlock sighed. “Problem?”
all known witnesses to Moriarty’s criminal dealings in London,” Sherlock corrected. “You were in the process of obliterating the pawns tied to
“You’re going to explain it,” corrected Sherlock. “You solved it.”
But Mycroft had noticed the box in Sherlock’s arms. “I don’t believe I recognize that.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John gave a rather dry laugh. “No kidding,” he said, pressing his palms to his eyes for a moment before sitting up. He looked at Sherlock. “Right. We need to talk, I think.”
Molly beamed at his reply. “Nice to meet you. Officially, I mean. That is—I recognize you. You were a corpse last time, but I remember your face.” She turned bright red and quickly went on, immediately flustered, “Corpse is probably insensitive. Is it? Sorry. You’re the first person I’ve ever spoken to who was dead in my morgue in a non-permanent way. I mean – it’s – I’m making an idiot of myself.”
