“Hello, Dean.”
Dean pushes himself up so he’s sitting properly and smiles.
mouth barely open,
And then he scowled. He felt himself rise from the chair, he faced the grey sky, and he yelled.
Dean knows exactly what they’re gossiping about and can you blame them? She is a beauty.
After 3 years, Dean became just as worried.
green fields either flooded or burning
To Samuel: she gave a lover. A girl with blonde, wavy hair and sky blue eyes, who died much too early. He kissed her when she arrived and Amara thinks he’ll never stop.
Dean shook his head. He’d find out soon enough. His fishing rod was waiting for him at the end of the dock along with two folded-out camping chairs. Dean only ever remembered one.
At first, it was clear that they were confused as Amara handed them the child. Dean had taken her without question, Castiel standing warily next to him.
The rest of the day Mary spent talking and talking and talking.
Dean rushes to where Cas has propped himself against a wall. His eyes are squeezed shut in pain and his teeth gritted. Dean shifted Castiel into his arms. He’s heavy like dead weight, moving stiffly until his face is pressed into Dean’s neck. “Cas, Cas you just gotta stay with me. Ok?”
He looked His calmest this way,
But it wasn’t exactly home either.
“You saved the world, Dean.”
Chuck didn’t live to see if he was right.
eyes gently closed,
“Yeah,” Dean tried to sound like he agreed. He really did, but he knew it came out annoyed.
“He can’t Dean,” He took a deep rattling breath. “Besides, I’m ready.”
Dean laughed. A bitter, hollow laugh. His whole life he had been taught to fight monsters. He learned to hunt. He survived Hell and Purgatory. He’d defeated demons, angels, gods even. And what did him in was a stupid mistake on a lame hunt against 5 vamps. A milk run.
“Daddy, did you know male bees don’t have stingers?” She had asked Dean while he brushed her hair.
There’s a blinding blue light and Dean has to remember to close his eyes. He presses his face into Cas’s hair and that’s when he feels the pain.
“Dean, her physical characteristics have you spelled out all over them, but I’m quite happy her mind is mine.”
I sat beside Him
“That’s why we should stay with him!”
asking me to save them
Amara watched Mary from the window, sleeping with her full lips open slightly and her hands squeezed tight around a plush moose.
taking a whisper of breath in
Dean hated it.
Heaven.
“Unfortunately, not on Earth with you.” Dean smiles, shaking his head. “I’m here now though. So, tell me, in all the world where would Dean Winchester like to go?”
“Ah yes, mini-me. That must be where she gets her green eyes from.”
“Does it have a happy ending?” The girl who had approached him first looked up at him with startling blue eyes.
Sighing, Dean gestures for the rest of the kids to come closer.
smooth
A piece of rebar, the equivalent to a giant rusty nail, had pierced through him, impaled him. The worst part was that it was his fault. He couldn’t hold his own against the vamp. He was pushed right into the damn thing. If he had only been a little more to the side. Just a couple inches, it would’ve missed him.
Cas is smiling at him now. Not with his mouth, his lips have barely moved from frown to line, but with his eyes. Those gorgeous eyes.
nose. This is not my body, Dean. I don’t look like this. I am a multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent, so forgive me if I look at her and see that she looks exactly like her father, because she sure doesn’t look like me.”
“Dean, we have to go.” He heard Sam say.
but He is the protector
She had so many facts in that tiny brain of hers.
“Yeah, so glad she has your head,” Dean said between kisses. “Wouldn’t want Mary to grow up stupid like her Daddy.”
He took a deep breath.
He went to sleep just another pawn
“Cas-”
“Did you just imply that our daughter isn’t like you?”
sometimes He would cry out my name
“I love you too, dummy.” Dean kisses the frown off his face. It was short and chaste, but they have time for something hotter later “Now, I think the question should be “Where in Heaven” but I’ll let it slide this time. How ‘bout visiting my folks? They around?”
His face is relaxed
“I admit, I was hoping you’d live a few years longer, but, Dean, I’d have done it again even if you only lived another day. I will always save you.”
both waves and fire swirling
forgetting He could feel
When all was said and done, Amara gave the Winchesters one last gift.
“Now shut up and go to bed. I love you, but you’re exhausting to be with all day. No one should have to endure this much stupid for long periods of time.”
Dean doesn’t know how long he’s been crying and thinking, but it’s long enough for Fake-Cas to reach out and put his arms around him. Dean leans into it, bringing up his arms to clutch at that stupid trench coat Cas insists on wearing. Dean knows this isn’t real. He knows this isn’t Cas, but Fake-Cas is here and he’s warm and right now Dean will take anything.
What can he offer Dean Winchester, most prolific serial killer in the history of the world?
Castiel carries on, “
needs to pay the mortgage!”
With Kevin he’s free to be himself.
"Friday morning." He almost says Sunday, but suddenly decides that he doesn't want Castiel knowing he's giving Michael a chance. He's a big boy, and doesn't need Castiel's permission for shit.
Somehow, behind iron gates and stone walls, Dean Winchester had learned of Castiel Novak.
“Do you think Charlie will unite Moondoor with the Fairy Kingdom?” Kevin asks.
“Mmm,” he hums noncommittally.
“A brother?”
. Castiel doesn't need to ask to know that Dean hasn't let out his emotions in a healthy way. He'd been too worried about bills, about Sam- his developmental years got crushed beneath John's boot and while Dean is mature and can handle anything life throws at him, he's still… naive.
Nodding slowly, Dean licks his lips and leans back again. He seems to contemplate Castiel for a few moments, before saying, “Whaddya want outta this?”
For good measure, Castiel stabs Michael in the back, over where his vessel’s heart is, taking a tired, perverse pleasure in the way the archangel twitches and groans in torment.
i've never read the bible; all research is done via google and some sites i forgot to save the links to; just remember this is a work of fiction thanks!
Castiel blinks rapidly. “You got kicked out of snooping on
They finish their dessert in silence.
Castiel sends Benny a flat look, some of his frayed nerves soothing. “I’m not talking about it.”
“Sometimes you worry me,” Dean laughs from across the table. “Like you’re a serial killer or something.”
“Be back in a bit!”
“Oh my God,” Dean whispers to himself. Castiel’s wife and unborn baby- shit. Backing away, Dean feels his eyes burn and his chest compress. He’d had no clue. Castiel keeps his personal life so under wraps that probably no one knows but… damn.
Arguably, the most important meal of the day.
That’s it. Tears prickle in Dean’s eyes, hot and unbidden. Sam looks mildly alarmed at the change so Dean rips his gaze up to the ceiling, feeling his brow tremble and his throat start to close. “Cas, that’s-...”
dead...”
matter?”
Reaching up to start pulling her fiery locks into a ponytail, her pale elbows flash this way and that as she talks, threatening to clock Dean right in the nose. “Are you gonna stay late today?”
Castiel’s good mood immediately dissipates, anxiety ripping through him. “Is she alright? What happened? Did the baby come?”
on the door to the club. His hand in Benny’s, Dean looks like an elegant princess being led to her carriage, the soft smile on his lips suddenly making Castiel regret having Benny lead him to the cage and not himself. From here Castiel can’t tell makeup details, but Dean is absolutely
“You don’t belong in prison, Dean. Neither do you belong on death row.”
Castiel sends him a wry smile. “At least someone would be getting action before I die.”
The line dies.
He’d been so good looking that Dean had nearly forgotten that he was paying some twink kid for sex. A Hollywood smile, shiny coiffed hair, and dressed to the nines. Definitely a sight for sore eyes. Things hadn’t started out all bad; he was a little aggressive and liked to call Dean names, but that was a walk in the park compared to some of the other stuff he’d gone through. But the more Dean saw him, the more their sessions started to spiral, until eventually Michael had beaten him so bad Dean had had to stay in the motel for two whole days licking his wounds. But he never saw Michael again after that, and then about two months later he met Castiel. He thought Michael might have come to his senses about seeing a prostitute for sex- it never occurred to him that Michael might have felt bad for how he treated Dean.
Sitting down as well, Castiel makes a soft noise before pulling something out of his pocket. It's the crumpled up business card Michael left a few days ago, the one he'd shoved into his apron and totally forgot to throw away.
A series of eye rolls and laughs, and then the Singer-Harvelle’s leave, the restaurant a fraction dimmer without them. Smiling to himself, Dean collects the hefty tip, long past complaining. He gathers his things, closes out his till, says goodbye to the crew and Charlie, then pulls out his cell phone as he steps out of the restaurant.
do you ever just... *clenches fist* want to write a different ending for this stupid show because you know the stupid writers are gonna fuck everything up and you have 0 faith whatsoever that we'll get any sort of satisfactory ending?
“Cas,” Dean leans forward as much as possible. “Did you communicate with Chuck? Or someone who said they were Chuck?”
More memories come back to him. He sleeps less and less, feels that tingle under his skin more and more, knowing that his grace is resurfacing and returning to his core. He’s now fully aware of his and Dean’s romantic relationship in “their world”, but here… he’s unsure how to approach that subject. Of course, since the very beginning, he’d felt a draw to the man. He’s still of the firm belief that there’s no other human as beautiful and radiant as Dean Winchester. Being attracted to someone physically and learning that attraction runs so deep and ancient is… well. A lot to handle. Castiel sometimes gets so overwhelmed by the sheer force of
“Oh my God,” Charlie says. “Oh my God. Oh my God, Cas, what- what did you-?”
to their devices and when He chose to return He was dissatisfied with their comings and goings?”
we are entering the stage where i don't have much written, after this, and we begin the perilous journey of me writing whenever i even have a sliver of wi-fi and posting while scream-crying.
Michael's foot finds his under the table again. Dean glances up, sharing the small smile.
The tall grass and flowering weeds rustle, dispersed not by wind, but from the charge of their grace crackling through the air.
Part of that feels dangerous.
Drumming his fingers over the vanity top, Dean finally exhales shortly and nods. “Ok.”
“Other than the fact he’s sure they all deserved to die?” Charlie asks flatly.
“Don’t worry, buddy, we’re gonna get you outta here,” Dean says, his voice firm but a fine tremor running through his frame. He stops petting Castiel, digging into his pocket to pull his cell phone out. “Do you have Sam’s number saved?”
“Thanks Charles,” Dean says softly. She waves him off before leaving the kitchen. Sighing, he grabs a towel to dry his hands and arms, holding back a groan. Of
The same boys from yesterday corner him in the locker room again. This time Dean isn’t undressed, thankfully, still in his gym clothes as he waits for the inevitable attack. He knows bullies- they’re predictable and uncreative.
Dean strikes the match, the three of them all exchanging a glance. Castiel holds his gaze for a beat longer, then closes his eyes, keeping his bleeding hand over the bowl.
Everything dissolves from there to raucous laughter and needling. Castiel takes a moment to absorb everything; Ellen and Bobby jumping between joining in on the fun and reprimanding the kids for a swear word here and there, Jo truly being a sister to Sam and Dean, and of course, Sam and Dean themselves, their most vibrant when with one another. Somehow everyone manages to clear their plates and dish seconds between burning one another, and through it all, Castiel feels… tightness in his chest, coiling and expanding and coiling tight again.
Dean weighs his options. There's really only three: go hook, go play with Sam, go with the hot dude to a bar.
He’s alright. Perhaps he should go to the doctor about getting migraine medication… but he’s fine.
The DJ adjusts the spotlight to swing over towards Dean’s cage, momentarily (and visibly) stunning the dancer. The crowd follows the light, a murmur falling over the crowd as the music fades to silence. Dean looks frozen for a moment, staring out at the crowd and likely realizing the magnitude of him getting up into the cage dressed as beautifully as he is…
Coughing, Castiel pulls the page away from his face. It feels like fire is licking at his eyelashes, but he presses on.
, but crossed it out until it was barely legible. His eyes flick up to Dean as he remembers writing down the last one. Dean looks healthy and well taken care of, not like he gets abused and assaulted. While his personal appearance lends to the thought that some big burly man would claim him, something about his easy confidence and attitude has Castiel thinking things might be different than they appear.
The casual domesticity of their exchanges always manage to leave Castiel with that warm, expanding feeling in his chest. Dean is such a thoughtful, empathetic, kind young man, always ready to put others before himself--a trait Castiel knew he possessed very on in knowing him, especially upon learning what Dean has done in order to support his brother, but a trait that still sometimes catches him by surprise. There was a brief period of time when Castiel worried that Dean might suffer from codependency issues, given how he tends to latch onto people, but those worries were bypassed when they started falling into a better routine with one another. Dean is a natural caretaker. He’s not codependent. Castiel is fairly certain that if Dean were to be alone he would function perfectly fine; however, Dean is his best self when he’s able to shine with company.
“I might not ever be ready.”
They’re in a clearing.
“I date,” Castiel replies, “casually.”
“How did you sleep?”
When Castiel peels himself - literally - off of Michael, he stands on wobbly legs, looking up when a whistle catches his attention. At the ridge of the crater stands Sam and Dean, both of their faces pinched in worry. Dean throws something down at Castiel- he catches it deftly, despite the rapidly deteriorating use of his limbs.
Castiel tries to think back to before university, but… his memories fuzz. He can’t remember anything pre-college. Not his family, not his friends or where he lived. Thinking that he probably just needs more (restful) sleep, he shrugs. “I believe I read it before college, but I know I took some classes on religious theory.”
Castiel is violently reminded as to why he doesn’t date. The woman across from him, April, is pretty and smart, but she definitely has an angle. Castiel can’t tell if it’s sex or money. Most people “their age” going out on dates are looking for something serious, but so far Castiel seems to be scraping the bottom of the barrel. Just his luck, he supposes.
The holidays don’t feel so intimidating, anymore.
, a sheen of glitter tastefully applied to his exposed skin from chin to toe.
“Kinda weird, isn’t it?” One of them says. Dean knows he’s a senior. “I’ve never seen a guy look like him before.”
“Who?” Castiel asks, straightening and running a hand through his hair.
Mighty flaps of beastly, invisible wings signal the arrival of Michael. He stands tall and proud in the parking lot, looking at Castiel and Dean as though they’re insects under a microscope. They freeze. Michael lets out a patronizing laugh.
last one?"
“Don’t think of it as being selfish. Think of it as self care.”
Dean takes the knife. He’d be lying if he said he’d never thought about physically hurting Michael. He’d been slapped around so many times but never felt the inclination to return the blows. It had all eventually built up to that final night when Castiel kicked Michael out of their apartment and after that… the anxiety had lessened, but the weight had gotten heavier. How could someone like Michael just make their way through life expecting the world to be handed to them on a platter? How can he just treat people like shit and expect goodness in return? How could he treat Dean like that, not only in private but in front of God knows who? How--
“Hey, dumbass,” he shouts up at them.
Kevin grimaces. “I guess we’ll burn that bridge when we come to it. Take a shower. It might help you feel better.”
The weak joke startles a laugh out of him, and then suddenly he can’t stop laughing at the absurdity of it all. Adam Milligan, nineteen-no-twenty, missing a year, eaten alive by a ghoul in the shape of his mother and now back from the dead for some reason, needs a new shirt. Kevin starts laughing too, because even he can tell this is
She doesn’t walk like his mom when she paces over to him. Her gait is predatory, like a cat, and her eyes are hungry. And she doesn’t speak like his mom when she talks – the voice is the same but the cadence, the familiar rhythm, the soft clarity of it, all of that is gone. And Kate Milligan isn’t – isn’t—
“You’re related to the Winchesters. All that life was gonna come back to bite you in the ass someday.”
“So he’s your brother?”
He shrugs again. “Just trying to see how far I can get.”
freaking out, but mostly he just feels dazed. Like he’s stepped into fantasyland and suddenly every creepy-crawly and cryptid has come to life, and all he can think is,
Cas bought flowers, because it’s appropriate or something. Just some carnations from the grocery store. Dean stares at the white blossoms and wonders if Sam is looking down on them and rolling his eyes.
“We have some history. It’s not gonna affect you. Just… Sam’s been through a lot of stuff. Like, more than the average hunter goes through, and trust me, we go through a lot. It kinda messed him up. He’s not a violent guy off the job, but he was talking like he knew you, so don’t be surprised if there are some unpleasant memories floating around on his end. I don’t know if he has many good memories about anything anymore.”
They lapse into silence. Michael fidgets. The trees whiz by, and they’re starting to share the road with tankers and moving vans.
Through the passenger-side window he notes that Adam’s got a thousand-yard stare on, slowly clenching and unclenching the fingers of his right hand. He must be miles away in his head – he wonders if that’s an anxiety thing. He raps on the glass to wake him up a bit. The full-body flinch that ensues kind of makes him feel bad, so he tries a placating smile. Adam just gives him a slightly put-off face and pulls the seat belt over his lap. Score one for Kevin.
After what seems like an eternity, David presses two tickets into his hand, along with a wad of twenty-dollar bills and a slip of paper.
Beth had been possessed by a demon once, almost fifteen years ago. It had taken her body for a spin around the neighborhood and killed three people (Rachel, high school teacher, mother; Sierra, sheriff, parishioner; Brendan, frog enthusiast, twelve) before a local hunter had recognized Father Correias’s daughter beneath the blood smeared on her face and the vulgar taunts spewing from her mouth. Daniel brought her father to the place where he had tricked her into a devil’s trap. The exorcism was fast and brutal and left her unconscious for two days. Father Correias explained it as a sudden flu bug. No one ever found out.
Dean turned his head to face him as he sat next to him.
He seems like a good kid. Enough that, given everything else wiped from his brain, he’s seemingly hard-wired to
Kevin winces. “You probably don’t want that.”
“I was on a bus,” he says hesitantly. “To Minnesota. But… I guess it’s gone now.”
“I told you when we met that your spiritual stuff seems kind of weird. Like, I don’t even notice most peoples’ souls, or internal energies, or qi, or whatever you want to call it. I think that might have something to do with it. Maybe someone’s trying to hide you.”
“I don’t think that would help,” he answers carefully.
“It was hard to see through your – whatever your protective charm is. It kind of made the edges go fuzzy. But it’s like you have some kind of… I don’t know. Energy, I guess. To be honest, I’d say it’s not entirely human, but I don’t know if that has implications for you, since we don’t know whether it’s a part of you or not.”
“No offense, but it looks like you’re going to ask me to cut my hand and participate in a blood ritual any second now.”
He doesn’t exactly know how to phrase this without sounding delusional but then he considers that he’s an amnesiac who woke up in the woods and was taken in by an old couple before hitching a ride back home with freaking Father Callahan. Whoever that is.
getting lied to, stabbed, possessed, tortured, and killed, or maybe playing right into some asshole’s hands and getting possessed and being used to lie to, stab, torture, and kill innocent people, or—”
They are standing on an immense boulder that rises from the ground, half-buried in earth.
“I,” he starts, but Martha shushes him.
“I don’t know,” the kid says. Then he looks over at him, cautious. “Where are you going?”
The coffee machine gurgles to life and begins to cough up black coffee into a glass carafe. David comes downstairs a few minutes later, greeting both of them gruffly and turning the stove on for eggs. She puts a few slices of bread in the toaster and watches Michael yawn for the fifth time. It must have been a terrible dream to give him such determination in staying awake. Light is just beginning to creep through the curtains, now, and he has a very long way to go.
“Tell me something you remember,” he says, determined to keep Adam from clamming up again, because even if their conversation can only get freaky and weird, this is a twenty-hour drive and he is certainly not going to think to himself the whole way there if he doesn’t need to. Adam blinks at him, confused for a moment, then leans back in his seat and sighs
“Wait. Where are you going? I mean, it’s nice of you to offer, but I was trying to get further up into Minnesota, so…”
She smiles, and it’s far too bright and clinical to be natural, with too many teeth, and he swings from relieved back to full-on alarm mode in the space of half a second.
Kevin wipes his mouth with his hand. “You’ve known me for, what, a little more than a week? Give Sam time. He’s gonna take better care of you than I ever could. He’s good with people. I prefer not to be. You seem like a nice guy, so…” He interlaces his fingers. “I think you’ll get along.”
“I don’t know,” she admits. “Just a hunch, I suppose.”
“Where are you trying to go? Besides west.”
He clamps his mouth shut, obviously thinking that it is not a good idea to tell Michael too much about the literal slasher-film-level gorefest that probably played itself out in his house. Too late. Michael dashes off to the bathroom to puke up his breakfast and Kevin makes a distressed noise from his place on the bed.
Now shut up and jus’ – c’mere, Sasquatch.”
There were rumors starting to spread about a man in a trenchcoat driving a black Chevy up and down the East Coast and hunting down every bump-in-the-night he could get his hands on with chilling methodicality. On occasion Sam would head out to Mount Nebo, Webster Springs, or Marlinton on a weekend to get a heads-up on local monster activity – he wasn’t hunting anymore, but he wasn’t stupid, he wasn’t going to be caught unawares – and sometimes he would catch a faint whisper of Castiel’s hunts.
He raises his eyebrows. “She was
“His name was Adam,” he says, and watches Michael’s face for a reaction before he continues. “Adam Milligan. And wouldn’t you know it, he went missing around the same time while he was at the University of Wisconsin. No body. I looked him up, and he’s registered in the Wisconsin clearinghouse instead of Minnesota.”
adam sees an old-new face.
Windom is suburbs and farmland, but mostly farmland, so they pass long stretches of bare fields, brown dirt and withered stalks. More houses appear as they head to the center of the city, and at some point he begins to give Kevin instructions, which Kevin doesn’t question. It’s a gut thing. Turn left here. Pass two lights and take a right. Left here.
He’s just saying words, but for some reason, a chill runs down Adam’s spine. “Okay, so… are we going to run some allergy tests, or something?”
“All right,” Kevin says quietly. “You sure you don’t have anyone to stay with? Do you know your dad’s name?”
A familiar place.
Pete. Is he okay?”
“Where to start. Um, well, as I said, he’s a hunter. He’s married, last I heard, one kid. He should be about – thirty-nine by now. He lives in West Virginia, where we are currently headed… like, what do you want to know?”
Michael’s footsteps precede him. As expected, Rodney’s clothes are about half a size too big on him, but seeing that high school football T-shirt still fills her with nostalgia.
Martha frowns. “No, don’t be. There’s no replacing him. You are your own person, Michael, and that’s enough. You just happen to be a lot like him, is all.”
He comes to in – the basement. His mom is leaning against the door, arms crossed and a smirk on her face. There’s something in his mouth. He strains his eyes to see it but his head throbs and his vision goes fuzzy for a moment. He tries to spit the thing out but it’s elastic, and rough, and he comes to the conclusion that they’ve stuffed pantyhose in his mouth, and he barely manages to keep from retching,
“Are you ready?” His palms are warm.
interested in the harebrained angelic scheme du jour, I can’t help you.”
Then it slams back into place with no warning. It’s less the pain than it is the shock that has him falling on his ass. He can hear the sounds of ceramic shattering and Kevin cursing loudly, but he can’t see any of it through the sudden aura blurring his vision. The pressure morphs inside his head, twisting, and then something switches off. A strange numbness washes over him, and his vision clears. He sits there in a daze as Kevin props him up against a cabinet, still swearing, and starts picking up the pieces of the plate he dropped.
Kevin snorts and feels around the console for his coffee. “Anyway, I’ll probably stick around for a couple of days to catch up. If you hate the guy after that, we’ll find somewhere else to drop you. Cas can probably swing some memory wipes, or whatever.”
Kevin sighs. “You know, that’s what it’s supposed to be like, but in the end, they’re just places. Sometimes they’re hard to get out of, and sometimes people don’t want to leave. But there are angels and demons flapping around on earth, so there are ways and means. I’m surprised we haven’t heard from anyone so far, actually.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Gee, thanks, mister,” he croaks, sitting up and wiping the sleep off of his face. “I don’t think I’m a vegan.”
David flips the light switch on. “Michael? Are you all right?”
“Yeah, sure.”
“I don’t know. Either you’re a world-class scam artist, or you can actually help me figure out what the hell’s going on. I have no connections and nothing to lose, and you can’t kill me, as far as I know, so yeah, I’ll bite on the whole freakshow deal.”
“No reason to be scared, hon,” she reassures him. “David and Martha are good people.”
Cas looks
let's get this party started!
Michael’s stomach does a flip. Now that the purpose of his journey north actually has an end goal, and a very specific ETA, he’s getting some jitters. What the hell are they going to find? Is his brain just shutting down his memory because it’s protecting him from some really bad stuff?
“People are gonna recognize me at your club. And it’s
“Your wife had an accident. She’s been brought in for emergency surgery.”
Rolling his eyes and smiling, Castiel puts his empty mug in the sink. "Very well. Don't hurt yourself."
“Don’t tell dad,” he whispers.
“We shall continue as we have been,” Castiel says easily. “And when we are ready and it is time for more, then we shall have more.”
Dean’s sitting on the bench, elbows on his knees, face buried in his hands.
Fuck. Great! Castiel’s beautiful wife died and to carry on her passion he opened up a gay bar. He still wears her wedding ring. Garth says he’s never dated in all the time he’s worked there, which was basically since the day it opened. Oh fuck. Dean kissed the owner of the bar he works in, kissed a
“Because you took care of it?” Castiel asks plaintively.
But… the safety net would be nice.
The gunshot makes Dean flinch and yell in surprise, his body curling in on itself. Castiel tucks the gun back into the back of his pants, his own ears ringing slightly, before he moves towards Dean and starts yanking the broken chain free of the D-ring, the only thing that’s been keeping him safely out of Dean’s reach. His heart pounds, his ears clog with adrenaline, but this close to Dean… nothing happens. The man doesn’t try to grab him or pin him or do… anything. He lets Castiel get the chains free, smiles some sort of familiar, knowing smile, and then wraps the chains around his forearms to keep them out of the way.
The first snow has fallen. Dean loves the first snow, how it blankets the city and muffles all of the noise for just a short while. Hell, he even loves shoveling the driveway, to Castiel’s surprise. He has some pretty awesome memories of winters with his family; driving out to the mountains to rent a cabin for the weekend and do their best to sprain something while sledding, the house always smelling of casseroles and pie, shittily made scarves and gloves that his mom tried valiantly to turn into something passable. Even throughout the tough years with his dad, Dean always found time to appreciate the snow with Sammy and try to instill some semblance of normalcy in their lives.
“You will regret all of your trespasses, Castiel,” the man says, his voice booming. His eyes glow, the shadows behind him morphing once again into the image of wings.
“So, as you said, ghosts are pure energy, given the fact that they aren’t matter,” Dean says. Castiel is caught by the way his green eyes shine and dance. “So could we agree that ghosts might be a form of…
“And-” Sam bowls him over. “-I want you to know that… whatever you do that makes you happy is important to
“I’ll wring your neck,” Dean threatens.
He hears the measured breath Castiel lets out of his nose.
,” Michael sounds a mixture of hurt, confused, and angry. What fucking right does he have?
Sticking his tongue out, Dean turns to put his elbows on the island. As Castiel walks to the sink to start cleaning up, Dean's voice stops him.
He sees the swing before it happens. Today the boys are pissed and insulted, all their moves predictable. With his back to the lockers Dean takes them down, two at a time, swinging and kicking. He takes a few punches too, but these guys are bullies, not actually any sort of fighter. Dean’s wily and quick, using some wrestling moves to keep him on his toes as he takes them down. With one of the assholes left the gym coach finally comes into the locker room, drawn in by the sounds of yelling and lockers shuddering. He quickly moves to pull the boys off of Dean, yelling at them all to cool it and knock it off. He asks if Dean’s ok; fully aware that things look to be in his favor, Dean nods stiffly, reaching up to wipe his bloody nose.
“Yes sir,” Trevor grumbles. “Sorry sir.”
Charlie looks at him like he’s grown a second head. “They… aren’t doing that at all, Cas.”
Dean closes his eyes. “Better get outta here before Bobby n’ Ellen show up. They’ll wonder why an old man is checking in on me.”
Two, that he doesn’t know shit about art but
Desperately wishing to bring Dean into a hug, Castiel stands to refill his coffee mug instead. “There’s no rush. The beauty about having all of your needs taken care of, is to have the time to think about what you want without a hurry.”
"Do you believe him?"
Silence. This time it’s a little tense. Dean’s staring at Castiel like he’s seeing him for the first time. A vacation together is kinda… well… romantic, isn’t it? Or is he just reading the situation wrong? Blinking a few times, he says slowly, “That… sounds awesome, Cas, but um. What… kind of vacation?”
“Charlie,” Castiel says tiredly. The percolator isn’t done making the coffee, yet. “I can’t do intellectual discussion right now.”
“Don’t go to a motel,” Castiel finds himself saying. “You can stay with me.” He’ll have to spruce up his guest bedroom to clear out some of the dust bunnies, but he has room. He can’t stand to think about Dean going through what he did tonight and going off somewhere with no support, to be alone with his thoughts.
was Dean’s greatest accomplishment.
“That doesn’t answer my question.”
“Toes in the sand,” Sam confirms.
because Crowley likes him - Castiel Novak is the top journalist in his field because he worked his ass off for it.
He leaves, and Dean stares at his bag. There’s a full length mirror on one of the walls, so he turns to it to assess himself as-is. Plain clothes, plain face, plain hair. People of all sorts call him pretty, but he has a hard time seeing it when he’s like this. His heartbeat quickens the longer he looks at himself.
“If we are in a time loop won’t we also have to alter time itself? Not just our location?” Castiel asks.
The buzzer sounds, causing Castiel to nearly jump out of his seat. Gathering his notepad, pen, and recorder, Castiel holds the items to his chest as his glasses slip down the bridge of his nose. Dean watches him quietly, and Castiel swallows past the lump of nerves in his throat as he tries to level his voice.
A strange look passes over Sam’s features, something very close to sympathy, before he too returns his gaze to his laptop. “Chuck mentioned once that our Earth was the one he liked the best, because Dean and I were in it. I don’t think Michael would be so quick to get rid of it. Too much of a daddy’s boy, even though daddy’s dead.”
Crazily enough, his relationship with Benny only strengthens. The guy saw him at his most vulnerable, and there’s something special in that; especially since Dean had trained himself up to avoid and be suspicious of all law enforcement. Figures that now Benny’s the shit, since he cuffed his dad and hauled him away. Ash is still weird, but a little less so once he found out how old Dean is. Not that he'd been a creep, but Dean thinks he's up to something sketch behind closed doors and probably knows better than to get near someone else who's tangoed with the law. The rest of the staff is welcoming and kind- Chuck is the daytime bartender, Meg is another waitress who honestly kinda scares Dean sometimes, but the icing on the cake?
proof.” Putting his elbows on the table, Dean runs his hands through his hair, seemingly gathering his thoughts. “Now, antimatter. A gram of antimatter could produce an explosion the size of a nuclear bomb, right? Shit’s powerful stuff. It’s raw
Lifting a hand to smack the man's forearm out of the air and away from him, Dean scowls. "Fine. Your customers are my johns at the end of the night and they pay me way better than you could."
Running a harried hand through his dark, tangled locks, Castiel does his best to get his breath under control as he runs his other hand over his body, checking to make sure that there’s no blood anywhere on him.
Carefully, Castiel exits the kitchen. On his way to the front door he stops by the hallway table, pulling the glock out of it, controlling the trembling of his fingers. He checks to make sure it’s loaded. Holds it behind his back, then reaches for the handle of the door.
"You seem focused on the costumes. You do know that strippers… strip, right?" Castiel tilts his head.
Laughing, she rolls her eyes and shakes her head. “My Mother’s day breakfast has been hijacked.”
- offscreen sexual harassment
He loves his mom so damn much. How did he get so lucky?
hold against you. And you know I’m not--and will not--be perfect either, right?” He rests his forearms on the table, leaning towards Dean a bit. “Nothing that happens between us will make me stop caring for you.”
Something in Mary softens, though her brow stays furrowed. “Surely someone can take responsibility for him.”
The bound and gagged man weakly tries to kick at Castiel. Castiel’s big, strong hand snaps out to grab his ankle, breaking it with one mighty, expert twist. A tortured scream gets caught behind the duct tape, Castiel leaning bodily away from his car so the sound doesn’t carry to Dean on the other end of the line.
Dean rattles off the song and artist without a second thought. It’s the song that he dances to alone in his basement room in front of his mirror, carefully and quietly so no one hears him; it’s a song that makes him feel safe and sensual at the same time; it’s a song that fills him to the brim and makes him
“Right-o, my man,” the man smiles huge, ignoring the prissy woman in line trying to get his attention. “Name’s Ash. Go on in and find Benny- big ol’ guy, scruffy, biceps too big for his shirt. He’ll take you to Cas at the bar.”
Uncomfortable, Castiel thinks about Dean. He answers honestly, “No. I have a ward.”
“No longer a lady of the night?” The man asks, settling back in the booth. His words are casual, his tone a mimicry of it. His eyes are sharp as a hawk’s.
“Yes,” Castiel replies.
Castiel’s gut swoops. He wants to believe it’s from Dean’s smart comment and not from the nickname. “I suppose that’s true.” He shifts again in his chair. Dean’s eyes track the way Castiel’s forearms flex when he laces his fingers on the table. Goosebumps erupt on his skin, but he continues. “However, serial killers like Ted Bundy and Jeffrey Dahmer suffered from delusions, yet had moments where they fit into the neat bubble of society. I’m just trying to understand, Dean,” Castiel says, his tongue fattening and wetting with Dean’s name on it. He swallows, and then continues. “I am trying to understand how a man who passes all his psychological evaluations with flying colors can tell me that he’s been hunting monsters for the better part of his life.” His head tilts. “Unless monsters are a metaphor?”
Michael's eyes are wide with surprise and disbelief. Then, of all the things he could say, he asks, "Did you press charges against your father?"
“More or less,” Dean confirms.
Castiel doesn’t reply. The silence in the kitchen is suddenly deafening. Curiously, he glances over his shoulder as he turns on the tap to start cleaning up. Dean is frozen, bacon halfway through his mouth, eyes wide in surprise and unseeing. Without saying a word Castiel starts washing the dishes, movements slow and gentle, avoiding any unnecessary clanging and banging.
Dean slips out of the house when Castiel isn’t home. He runs the bar at night but he goes in during the day, too, to lend an extra hand or catch up on paperwork. He’s kind of a workaholic, actually, but Dean can’t really blame him. Nothing worse than sitting in a home, alone with the ghosts.
Benny closes the door, the silence of the employee room nearly deafening.
The corner of Castiel's lip quirks in amusement. "Yes, everyone around us is scandalized."
Dean stares at the ground, not saying anything. Sam looks like he wants to reach out and touch Castiel, offer him comfort in some way, but they all stay on their points in the triangle. Castiel feels the hollow ache in his chest, does his best to not let his knees weaken and collapse. This feeling in his chest is so…
Dean bit back a sob. "Hey, buddy."
Castiel starts picking apart his muffin. “Have I told you what Dean has told me? About his victims?”
He rubs the bridge of his nose firmly. “Everything looks like a video game that is losing its rendering.”
? He’s sure his mom won’t buy him a pretty dress. Or tighter jeans. Or shirts that accent his body rather than hide it. Or, God forbid, makeup. It’s not that Dean wants to crossdress, necessarily - yeah he knows what that word means - it’s just… there are some clothes that make him feel better than others. More… delicate. Dad spends so much time drilling masculinity in his head, Dean started rebelling about a year ago, though in the privacy of his own room. He started accumulating… well, items. Soft shirts, frilly… undergarments. Maybe that makes him a crossdresser. Who knows, he’s only fourteen. He just knows what he likes, and he definitely knows what his parents won’t let him wear in public.
Castiel straightens and closes the fridge, opening the freezer. There’s fresh meat packaged neatly next to his TV dinners, and his eyes bounce between the two with indecision.
Castiel’s jaw clenches. “They were people, Dean. Not things.”
“Don’t follow me!” Dean hisses through the open window.
He picks up the page.
“Where did he come from?” Charlie asks.
What does he have to show for himself?
“Ellen and Bobby,” Sam mumbles.
gone?”
” Pamela says, a bit of amusement in her tone. She sounds pretty laid back for a defense attorney. “
next to it, but he covers it up by fanning the ticket idly as they walk to the door. “What kinda art installation is it?”
“Enough that I’m looking for houses in a different state.”
to be what Dean is talking about. Standing up, Castiel gathers everything, pocketing his recorder. His eyes throb. His shoulders ache.
This time Dean’s heart stops in his chest. It’s glued to his ribs, which have also stopped expanding, his lungs filled with air and frozen on the exhale. His organs feel uncomfortable in his body. He can’t even sweat. He can’t even process the possibility of dying here tonight.
“The fact that you’re aware is enough,” Sam says gently, but urgently. “And you fought
That catches Castiel's interest. “What happened?”
Thirty seconds later the door opens again with an atrocious buzz, Castiel glancing up to see the same guard guiding Dean Winchester, serial killer, by the elbow towards the table. His feet are cuffed together at the ankles, his hands bound in front of him, the blue prison jumpsuit doing nothing to hide the breadth of his shoulders and the firmness of his chest. Castiel clenches his jaw to keep his gaze clinical as Dean settles in across from him. The guard attaches the chain of the ankle shackles to the legs of the chair and then fastens the chain of his wrists to the D-ring on the table, Dean sending the man a charming smile.
“Oh,” Dean says from where he’s curled up in the corner of the couch. The hearth is throwing warmth from the crackling fire, highlighting the gold in his hair and casting shadows over his jaw and shoulders. “Ellen says you should come to Thanksgiving.”
Smoothing his shirt down, Castiel dislodges his wrist and turns to face Dean. “Please let me know if he causes you trouble in the future.”
“You-” Dean’s voice pitches a bit. “Mom, you didn’t- did you- the-?”
Dean jolts so violently, his chains snap taut, his fists slamming the table so hard it vibrates even though it’s bolted into concrete as he stands. Surprised, Castiel whips back in his seat, though Dean isn’t anywhere close to reaching him, eyes wide and heart in his throat as Dean trembles with rage across from him.
“Trevor, this is the third incident this year, including yesterday.”
“I would have made pancakes if that were the case.”
“Your mother,” John says, his voice raw and hoarse. “She’s in the hospital.”
Shrugging, a pleased flush spreads on Kevin’s features. “You’ve helped me out so many times. Just returning the favor.”
“Oh, boy, lookee here. Hiya, Sammy! Let’s get your brother up and goin’, huh?”
“Wow.”
When it comes to Castiel, though. Ever since that clumsy kiss Dean treats him like a hot potato. His touches are quick and perfunctory, or he waits for Castiel to initiate it first.
Some tension bleeds from Dean’s body as he reaches up to grip the vertical bars with both hands, wrapping his fingers elegantly around the steel. His face still reads nervous, but like he’s done it a million times before, his body starts moving around to the sweet chords of the song. The murmur of the crowd brightens and intensifies with the song and the start of Dean’s dancing, all the noises appreciative and positive.
“Nothing has to change immediately,” Castiel says. “I merely wanted my… intentions known. We will go at your pace.”
“YouTube helps a lot,” Kevin explains. “You should look up some tutorials.”
“What would you like to do for your birthday?”
What he does remember is Castiel holding his hand over the knife handle to angle it properly, so he gets the best slice from ear to ear across the throat. He remembers Castiel carding fingers through his hair as he straddled Michael’s body and drove the knife into his gut over and over again. He remembers kicking Michael into the hole in the ground and turning to see Castiel wearing the prettiest, most genuine smile he’s ever seen.
him? About the- about his victims being monsters and not
A thousand questions get trapped behind Castiel’s teeth. Instead, he grunts again, “Have fun.”
“My bet is witness protection,” Charlie says. “Dean’s being protected by the government while locked up, and Sam’s being protected out in the free world.”
“I’ve got the spell here,” Sam says, holding up a piece of paper. “Cas, we need your blood. Dean, you’ll light it.”
“Bathroom,” Castiel replies dryly.
Castiel’s eyes narrow.
When pulled, Castiel knows the rope will draw a bridge. And with that bridge he will reach the other side of… whatever “this” is.
“Heya Castiel,” an unfamiliar voice greets. “My name’s Chuck. You got a second to chat?”
The boy makes an airy, positive noise in reply. Castiel leaves the hospital room, nodding at Benny who walks past him to head inside. On the walk through the maze of hallways and people bustling about, Castiel resolves himself to do anything he can to help Dean.
“Dancing?” Kevin tilts his head. “What kind of dancing?”
“Dean,” his brother returns with the same level of warmth. Then, teasingly, “Miss me already?”
the world.”
“Donald Trump,” Dean finger-guns sarcastically.
, it’d be Michael.
A boy’s vision of his mother is truly something unique. All of his life, Dean’s been a mama’s boy, despite doing his best to impress his father at any turn. When it came down to it he loved curling up with her, loved spending time with her, talking to her. She knew everything about him- his preferences, his thoughts, his secrets. There is not a single person in this universe who understands Dean as well as his mother, not a single person that he could ever let his guard down so freely with.
Dean smiles fondly. "She sounds awesome."
Making sure that the flush is gone and the sheen of sweat on his collarbone has dried, he hops up the steps directly into a cloud of the scent of mom’s pot roast. In the kitchen mom, dad, and Sam are already seated at the table. Shuffling in, Dean takes his seat next to Sam, kicking his foot under the table just to annoy him. Sam huffs and glares, while Mary stands to start serving their portions.
Reflexively Dean reaches up to tighten the undone lapels of his father’s old leather jacket. "Nah."
“Y’know, sometimes I wish you’d talk like a ten year old,” Dean snipes as they head down the sidewalk.
Breathing heavily, Castiel blinks down at his hand. His vision is clear. His shoulders don’t hurt. There’s no ringing in his ears.
As they turn the corner onto Dean’s street, the first shoe kicks him directly in the gut.
“Woah-ho, boss man!” Garth claps Castiel on the back as they pass again. “What’s the celebration?”
“Fuck.” He rubs his hands over his eyes. He has to get over this crush quick or he’ll sink. He’s more thankful to Castiel than he can even fathom and the guy is just so… frightfully earnest. If there’s a power imbalance it’s probably the power Dean holds over Castiel. He’s not an idiot. Castiel is looking for family, too.
Castiel runs a hand through his hair, situating himself to sit better on the stool as he leans over the counter, keeping his voice private. “What do you know about Dean Winchester?”
“I didn’t mean to-”
Charlie’s hand is hesitant where it rests on his shoulder. That itching sensation starts up again; he shrugs his shoulders, rolling them, then turns around so he can look at Charlie.
“Y’know, I’m actually grateful for you,” he says as Michael squirms in pain, blood dripping down his face to stain his fancy silk pajamas. “I always had to learn lessons the hard way.”
Castiel’s life is finally starting to slot into place. He has a beautiful life, a woman he loves with his entire being; they have a baby on the way, and Castiel’s job… well, it’s what he went to university for, it’s what his parents wanted, it’s a way to pay the bills comfortably, support the family, and have a little extra to play with. He doesn’t like it by any sort of stretch, but he works nine-to-five on the weekdays and has the weekends off. His life is fairly cushy, to be honest. A little boring, but cushy.
ing in appreciation.
That matches the time stamps on Dean’s cell. “Why didn’t you get us earlier?”
apartment, Dean. Alone.”
Like he’s still got a job to do.
Dean was made to do this- to perform and appreciate himself while letting others appreciate him. Castiel’s best guess is that Dean’s closeted, or maybe even struggling with his identity. He’s seen it in enough people to recognize it.
“I ain’t got a restraining order against you but that don’t mean I won’t call the cops the second I see your face without an invitation.”
“People,” Charlie says carefully.
Laughing, Dean reaches out to grab one of the pillows, throwing it at Castiel’s head. “You should get a body pillow. The ones you cuddle.”
The first touch is electric. It’s just the pads of Castiel’s fingers slipping over Dean’s soft, smooth skin, but then the heat starts spreading through him, a familiar warmth that his subconscious relates to lazy mornings and a dark room and soft sheets.
“I did,” Castiel replies.
“I did, thank you.”
“Can you get my water bottle?” He asks Sam.
His cock leaps whenever he has those images. Strange.
He earns himself a wry grin from Dean. “A date.”
“If you can’t talk about it,” Sam says with a smug tone of voice, “then you shouldn’t be doing it.”
Castiel gasps awake. His phone is ringing on his night stand. He picks it up, curling over his knees and putting his free hand into his hair. “What.”
“He’s a very intelligent man,” Castiel continues. “He’s passed all of his psyche evals. He’s certified
“Why would I?” Dean asks, leaning forward so he can lift a hand to scratch the side of his nose. The chains of his cuff jingle and jangle.
Questions burn through Castiel. How long has this been going on? Dean has clearly been in the hospital before- had the injuries been worse? Had it taken longer for him to heal? Dean had told Castiel that he’d been finished with school, but Castiel can see now that Dean likely dropped out. Did he drop out to work? To- to sell himself, to support his brother and home when his father couldn’t? The odd nights Dean took off from the club, was it because-
us there.”
“Do you ever?” She teases. Leaning forward with her elbow on the table, she sends him a small smile. “I think you don’t know what you’re doing because you don’t know how you feel about Dean.”
He’s, Castiel slowly realizes, beautiful.
Pouring himself a coffee, he wonders where Castiel is. Who makes coffee and then doesn’t stick around to drink it? Ambling from the open kitchen to the equally open living room, Dean starts snooping around. Is it snooping if it’s all displayed? There are pictures on the fireplace mantle: Castiel and his weird brother he’s always complaining about, Castiel and a few friends.
"Yeah," Dean says, suddenly feeling a little cagey.
"We have a well-compromised cohabitation."
The woman finally opens her eyes, surprise and pity in them as she looks across the room at him. “Oh my God.”
Dean pockets his ticket, glancing around. “So… like, copies of the Mona Lisa and stuff?”
“You’ve been through a lot, Dean,” Castiel says softly. “You’ve handled everything remarkably well.”
“I…” Dean says slowly. “...figured I would stay here. Or also go to Bobby n’ Ellen’s, with Sammy.” That sounds right.
That’s one of the best things about Cas. Dean never feels like he needs to babble uselessly to fill any sort of silence. Silence doesn’t feel empty, between them. It feels full and welcoming and warm. It feels like acceptance and love. They’re halfway through their plates before anyone says anything, and Dean’s surprised that it’s Castiel.
Michael’s face is on the news a week later. Missing, possibly abducted after work. Castiel turns the page in his book.
Therefore he makes himself dull for the daytime, so he feels extra pretty at night in the quiet of his own room, exchanging his Metallica tapes for pop music he’d rather die than admit to listening to.
“To whom?” Castiel arches a brow, taking a slow drink of his coffee. “We might have a boss-employee relationship, but you’re not on my payroll. We don’t have a contract. You were someone looking for a place to dance, I’m someone that has a place for you to dance. Anything we do outside of work won’t be considered inappropriate, if that’s what you’re worried about.”
Dean and Sam are nowhere to be seen.
“Where is your brother?” Castiel’s voice has returned to its normal pitch, no longer sensing any danger from Dean. That’s not to say he won’t snap again, but now that Castiel knows Sam Winchester is a sensitive topic, he’ll be a bit more tactful about it.
Castiel is a little taken aback by the, admittedly, intelligent conversation Dean is initiating. He doesn’t think Dean is stupid- of course, that would be very dangerous. But the glint in Dean’s eye is… curious. Amused. Hungry.
Now John looks up. His eyes are haunted. Sober. He pulls his hands out of his pockets and holds them out, palm up. “Dean, I’ve had a lot of time to think-”
“But I-” Sam’s wet hazel eyes dart between Dean’s and the door. “I wanna know.”
She clucks her tongue, “Aw. You saved him?”
He snorts and waves a hand, “You know I don’t smoke.” He rests his elbow on the table, chin in hand. “I don’t suppose you could find a person based on description alone?”
The lead boy arches a brow, huffing a laugh. “Seriously, Winchester? Makeup?”
It’s eerie.
Suddenly the rain stops.
Castiel frowns, confused. “You were the one who requested me, Dean.”
Making his way over to the table, Dean reaches out and smacks Sam upside the back of the head, ruffling his long hair and delighting in the yelp he got in return. “Show some respect, worm, this is my place of employment.”
It doesn’t take long for Sam to get up to speed with the situation. Kids can live in ignorant bliss for a beautifully long time. Sam, though. Sam had to grow up real quick when John hit Dean for the first time. Dean can’t even remember what the argument was about, just knows that it ended with him going through the coffee table and earning himself a broken wrist.
Dean's gaze drops to Castiel's chest, reminding him they're both wearing only boxers. "Daphne… when you talk about her, she feels familiar. She feels like-" he sniffs. He wiggles a hand out of Castiel's grip to bring the corner of the towel up to wipe at his nose. "She feels like… my mom. And it- it feels… good n' bad all at once."
Dean never gave up the
“Is that reliable?” Castiel asks, dropping his hands and moving back towards the table as well.
Dean Winchester?”
He doesn’t imagine the smirk on Castiel’s lips as they bury Michael’s bloody, worthless body.
Considering this, Castiel nods slowly. “I suppose I am.”
Benny hoots a laugh. He lifts his beer, clinking the neck with the water glass Castiel holds up in reply. “Fuck yeah, brother.”
He dreams of fine lines around his eyes, flecks of gold in the irises, softness on his lower tummy. That’s new.
"Yeah," Dean says, still unsure. They've been over this.
Castiel’s blush wars with the nausea in his stomach, the only reaction to those words thankfully being a light sweat breaking out on his brow. “What is the purpose of this interview, Mr. Winchester?”
“Son,” John says in his best Dad Voice. “Those boys shouldn’t be getting rough enough to give you a black eye
“It’s a cult,” he surmises.
Up close, Castiel can see the appeal.
“Start
Castiel strips the bed. Dust flies into his nose, causing him to have a sneezing fit. He powers through it, stripping the pillows and pulling the curtains off the rod. He opens the window, closes the blinds, then carries the bundle of linen out of the bedroom and directly across the hall to the laundry room. He throws the bedding on the floor, deciding he’ll get to it tomorrow, then opens up his cupboards to pull down fresh bedding. It takes him another ten minutes to redress the bed and air out the room, refilling the little scent sprayer and putting it in a discreet corner.
Dean’s text hadn’t surprised him. The young man is intuitive and sensitive like no one Castiel has ever met before. As he settles on a bench he had carved out of a fallen tree many years ago, he waits peacefully for Dean to find the ping he’d sent him. The past few months have been mostly smooth sailing, hardly a thing rocking their boat.
Standing up and ignoring all of his creaky joints and bones, Casteel nods. He sends a small, reassuring glance to Dean, who chews his lip and nods in response.
“Is there a reason your boss is driving you home at seven-thirty in the morning?” John asks, venom in his voice.
At this, Castiel sends him a soft smile. “I’m not alone, Dean.”
“Cas, I’m really sorry, but we have to do all of the catching up really quickly. This is the farthest we’ve ever gone
"Anything you're willing to give. Starting with your company."
“Do you ever not think with your stomach?” Sam grouses.
“Why wouldn’t he tell me about it?” he asks, perplexed.
Castiel wakes up in a cold sweat, cum drying on his stomach, his fingers and toes still buzzing from orgasm.
“That only makes it juicier!” Benny cajoles after him.
exciting.
Realizing he hasn’t turned a page in over ten minutes, he sighs and closes his book, moving his glasses up so he can massage the bridge of his nose.
“It would seem so.” Castiel pulls two plates from the cupboards, sliding the steak onto each one. He catches the oven before it beeps, putting a baked potato on each plate, peeling away the foil and slicing through them with a knife to expose the fluffy insides. He sets the plates on the island, gathers condiments and the salad bowl, then stands opposite Benny and frowns at the delicious meal. “I’m… conflicted.”
Castiel doesn’t lower the gun. “
Something like vulnerability flashes in Michael’s eyes, but it’s there and gone in a split second. He demurely folds his hands on the table. “I’m sorry, Dean. I didn’t mean to dehumanize you.”
“What did we learn?” Castiel asks. It’s the same question he asks himself every time he does an interview.
Pressing his hands over his eyes, Castiel wings out his elbows and tips his head back, stretching his spine. “Did you find anything else on the man from the surveillance video?”
Sam’s touch had been
Dean Winchester is by no means a charity case, however. The young man is driven and ambitious. Without his father holding him back Castiel has watched him truly bloom into the young man he was always meant to be. Confident, kind, free-spirited. Occasionally his eyes shuttered, sometimes he shied away from touch. But considering everything he’s been through, he’s on his own two feet and surprises Castiel every day. The awkward kiss he’d landed on Castiel has been… not forgotten, but definitely pushed aside. Dean needs someone stable in his life, someone to look up to and rely on when he needs it. For all he’s grown up, he’s still just a kid in some aspects.
Dean flutters a hand to his chest, “Y’don’t gotta worry ‘bout impressing me, sweetheart. I’m the one who brought y’here, remember?”
Feeling that warmth blossom in his chest and spread through his limbs, replacing the anxiety and dread, Dean scrubs a hand over his mouth and smiles. “Y’know what, Cas? That actually sounds real nice.”
If necessary, for any reason whatsoever, Dean would be able to corroborate anything Castiel may need to tell anyone at any given time.
They’re
if you miss me terribly i'm
...And he can go toe to toe with Crowley without pissing himself or killing him, so that largely helps.
“I understand, sir, that there’s a minor in the house.”
“I hold records at the target range, it would be unwise for you to hit on me while I’m armed.”
“All due respect,
Dean starts the coffee. He looks in the fridge, pushes a few things around, then decides to start cooking breakfast. Castiel’s been working hard between the bar and the shelters, and Dean’s been watching him slowly run himself ragged. The guy’s got so much charity in him he forgets to take care of himself.
He dreams of his own death, he dreams of wings burning, he dreams of catapulting through time and space and black goo. That’s new.
,” Sam urges. “The world is slipping away more every day, I know you’ve noticed.”
Nodding, Dean finally lifts a bite to his mouth, chewing thoughtfully. He looks up at Castiel, offering a small smile. "Yeah… you're right."
“Are you really Dean’s boss?” Sam asks his phone. One of his headphones has come out of his ear.
Exhaling shortly, Dean releases the iron grip on his mug. The liquid inside stops trembling.
Sam snorts.
Laughing brightly, chains jingling and jangling, Dean nods. “Fair, fair.” Dean’s eyes focus on Castiel’s again. “What’s your proudest achievement, to date?”
“Charlie,” he catches her as she comes up to the bar to get a glass of water.
Humming a little, Castiel turns his gaze back to the scenery not fifteen feet in front of them. “Quiet. Daphne and I took a walk around the cemetery like usual, and now I’m here, like usual.”
Sam’s bright hazel eyes meet Dean’s. They’re wet enough for the both of them. His nose is red, his cheeks flushed, his lips bitten raw. Dean wonders what he himself looks like. Helping Sam off of the chair, Dean wraps his arms around his shoulders and tucks him close into his side. They enter the room, John still not looking away from Mary’s face. They stand on the opposite side of the bed as close as they can without being crowded by any of the equipment, Sam trembling next to him. Or is Dean trembling?
far future. I was just survivin’. Even the next day was a toss up.”
conversation?” Castiel blinks in surprise.
"This was in your apron pocket," Castiel says, setting it down. "Did you mean to toss it?"
If necessary, Dean could confirm that he and Castiel were home all night.
. It’s not rocket science. I’ve been in that school a million times for wrestling tournaments.”
Scrubbing his hands over his face, he lets out a slightly hysterical laugh. “You’re a fucking dumbass.”
There are dudes into the fact he’s freshly legal, there are some dudes that pretend he isn’t. Every single one of his customers loves his long lashes and sweet mouth, though, so they can fantasize whatever they want about him as long as it ends with money in his pocket.
“I want to express my concern for your relationship with him.”
“How well do you know the Winchesters?” Castiel asks.
Smiling small, Castiel nods. The warmth from their little step-bubble fills him up a bit more. Just as he flexes his foot to push himself off of the step, Dean comes tumbling forward, his mouth finding Castiel’s in a clumsy kiss. Shocked to stillness, Castiel waits to see if Dean fell or stumbled- but then Dean’s head is turning, his plush lips more insistent, and Castiel’s hands fly up on reflex to push him away.
“Woah,” another kid leans forward. “Dude, are you wearing makeup?”
“Listen to me,” Dean says, his voice still gentle, inviting. Light bursts from his green eyes, blossoms from his chest. “You’ve never been able to do that before.” Castiel’s eyes narrow. Dean points up to the brand new light fixture. “The game’s changing.”
“Bye?” He replies.
They dated in secret all the way up to their senior year. They probably could have continued dating without anyone knowing until… well,
for how I treated you." He meets Dean's gaze again, blue eyes wet with honesty. "I'm so, so sorry, Dean."
He narrows his eyes.
in regards to both the Winchesters that he often needs to physically distance himself in order to gather his bearings.
The woman’s voice is smoky and smooth when she says, “
Shaking his head and swallowing, he sniffles. He clears his throat, then slouches in his seat a little more. The conversation dies. After about ten minutes the woman sits up, rifling through her backpack. Something hits his chest, then falls into his lap. He looks down- it’s a protein bar.
He’s stunning.
Dean glances up, some pancake fluff falling from his mouth. He hurriedly wipes his lips with his hands, “You want rent? ‘Cause if I can, I’ll work full time- hell, even overtime.”
Castiel’s shoulders tense without his permission as he cuts into the pie Dean had so lovingly baked. He doesn’t look Dean in the face as he takes a slow, careful bite, savoring the flaky crust and the way the berries explode with flavor over his palate. He’s gone this long undetected. Dean doesn’t come off as Einstein, but he’s not an idiot. He’s also the only person in the entire world that spends so much time with Castiel one-on-one. It's only a matter of time until he figures
He’s just him.
John squats down, his knees cracking as he looms over Dean, his voice dropping to a dangerous register. “I know when you pay the bills, too, boy. Your paychecks ain’t regular. You pay a chunk here, a chunk there. Sometimes big, sometimes small. I assume the little checks are for the blowjobs, huh?” His hand snaps out, fingers gripping Dean’s hair and yanking him up with a pained yelp. “Big checks are for bouncing on his cock, huh?”
“At first I thought I was going to be mugged,” Castiel says, wrapping his hands around his own cup, allowing the warmth to absorb into his palms. That catches Charlie’s attention and she squawks out a “What!?” before Castiel continues. “But then he started saying strange things. And, he knew my name.”
“Yes, though after putting it up I’ve had a migraine for four days.”
Castiel considers just killing him. Just getting rid of him. Having a roommate to solidify alibis is only important if the cops come sniffing around, but they haven’t, and they won’t, so what’s the point of Dean?
contributed to it.”
Certainly not him, though.
“Why is it so difficult to find him?” Castiel wonders aloud. He moves towards the fridge, groaning in appreciation when he opens the door to see that Charlie had brought fresh groceries with her. Sometimes he thinks she knows him too well.
“Are you aware of what a particle accelerator is?” Castiel asks. When Dean nods, Castiel continues. “The purpose of a particle accelerator is to help us understand how the universe works around us, on a subatomic level. They have helped us in a variety of ways- from developing computer chips, to frequency therapy in hospitals. When examining things on a subatomic level, there isn’t much room for error. What we see is what we are getting. In all of our observations, we’ve seen how particles decay and have even been able to recognize that there are new and unknown particles to be discovered. Now,” Castiel unclasps his hands to gesture with them, “ghosts are supposedly made up of energy. As the lore goes, they draw their energy from things like lights or batteries in the vicinity in order to materialize themselves. However, if they were made strictly of energy, they would dissipate quickly. The second law of thermodynamics proposes that energy is lost to heat, and as the lore goes, ghosts create cold spots. That alone means they cancel themselves out of existence.”
“Delusions are pretty convincing-” Charlie starts to say.
“Fuck,” Dean says with feeling, now fully awake. He sets his coffee aside and starts dishing a plate, piling a lot of everything on a bagel. He pauses, then looks at Castiel, “Did you eat?”
“Back up,” Dean says, holding up a hand. “You were in a fight? With who?”
“Would you like to lead the interview, or would you like me to ask questions?” Castiel asks, flipping to a clean page of his notepad. Last time he’d only managed to jot down a few things;
Dean’s gaze lands on him, a small smile spreading on his features. “Heya, Cas.”
Shrugging, Castiel fluffs a few of them. “I never downsized my bed after Daphne died. She insisted on a king because she tossed and turned and felt guilty after she punched me in the chest for the fifth night in a row, when we first moved in.”
“I think bubblegum pink would shut anyone right up the instant they open their eyes,” he says, taking the paint swatches.
Dean tries to shrug, but his gait makes him look more like he’s having a brief aneurysm. “Dunno. I mean- it’d be in our best interest. But I think Moondoor is far from Charlie’s mind when she meets with the Fairy Queen.”
Heavy metal blares from the speakers of the Impala the closer it gets. Castiel looks over, able to see Dean hanging out of the passenger seat, his butt on the window sill and a grenade launcher perched neatly over his shoulders. Sam has a bazooka propped over his left shoulder in the driver’s seat, the butt of it braced against the backseat behind him, his left hand on the steering wheel and his right hand on the trigger.
“We just gotta believe it’s still there,” Dean says, voice gruff, avoiding looking at anyone as he buries his nose back in his book.
“You’re not asking the right questions, Cas.”
“I think,” Dean’s eyes might be dry but his words are all stopped up. “I think so, Sammy. We gotta… we gotta go see her, ok?”
“Well buddy you gave me eight reasons and two thumbs not to trust you,” Dean reflexively says, some of his old defensive sarcasm breaking through his carefully built walls.
He dreams of being in the back seat of a beast of a car, riding Dean until they’re both spent and exhausted. He dreams of a memory foam mattress and watching Dean sink into it as Castiel pounds into him, shaping the bed into something new, something
“How do you normally do this?” Dean asks, pretty casually for a guy shackled and bound to both a table and a chair.
“So your love life is dead, huh?”
“If you would like me to be there,” Castiel finally concedes.
Burying his face in his hands, Castiel mumbles, “I need answers.”
Castiel Novak is an average man with an unassuming life and enough drive to be
Castiel's gut squirms at being caught, then nods in agreement.
“Only his identity. He mentioned him a few months ago; Michael apparently ran into Dean at the restaurant and left his number.”
It doesn’t last long. All he remembers before going under is the scent of fabric softener and ozone.
Dean wanted access to Castiel, specifically.
Dean’s gaze bounces over Castiel’s face, intrigue written all over his own. “What other shiny certificates ya got?”
Castiel looks at his phone. His screen distorts, and then the device starts melting in his hand, dripping down his hands and wrists, sticky-hot. He makes a surprised noise and then flings himself out of bed, shaking his hand to dispel the melted goo, staring at the lump on his floor with utter bewilderment.
Smiling to himself, he grabs his pajamas and then moves to the bathroom with his bag of toiletries. He takes his time washing up, enjoying the seemingly limitless hot water. When he’s done he makes sure to close the curtain and then tuck his toiletries under the sink, out of sight. It’s still the guest bathroom, after all. Not that he’s sure Castiel has many guests…
“I live in a single apartment downtown,” Castiel says.
if u see any errors don't tell me about them because i'm too stressed to care
Benny. Castiel thinks it’s Benny’s fault that Dean got grabbed. Rolling onto his stomach and burying his face into the pillow, Dean does his best to calm down. He can’t go up to Castiel, guns a blazin’. That ain’t right. Castiel doesn’t deserve that. But he
"The last time I hit you, you said, "it's ok". You were- damn it, Dean, you had a black eye and were bleeding from the mouth and
Sam rolls his eyes. “We’re in a safe house. I managed to set this one up last week and so far no one knows it’s here.”
“Because each of those roles have very different requirements and expectations,” Castiel explains patiently.
Alone in the kitchen, Castiel’s head finally fills with thoughts and no conflict. He and Dean are separate people. They’re both adults. They share each other’s company well. Dean has matured and grown and also gotten in touch with the parts of him he lost during the past few troubled years. Perhaps… this growing
did i mention this is going to be a slow burn? ;)
“I don’t like to think of it like that.”
Every time he tries to recall on details on his past the white noise returns.
"Fine."
Like it’s obvious.
of blue.”
“Vastly unbothered by your upcoming injection,” Castiel replies honestly.
Michael falls limp. Castiel gathers up the amputated wings, careful not to damage them any further, then starts the slow ascent up the curve of the crater wall. It’s difficult to move with a mountain of bone and feathers in his arms, but he’s determined. At the top Sam and Dean reach out for him, sturdy and solid and permanent as trees, gripping him with their hands and hauling him up. He drops the wings, their feathers shifting and fluffing softly as they part the tall grass to rest. He sags against the brothers, inhaling their scents; sweat, shampoo, gunpowder.
“I love you, too. Go get that paint! I can’t be around paint fumes so I’ll probably stay out until you’re done. Call me?”
“I didn’t know it’d be like this for you, though,” Dean continues, his voice gentle. “M’sorry. For what it’s worth, I thought it’d be different this time.” The chains rattle with movement, and there’s suddenly a blinding
“Why?” Dean’s brow now furrows in confusion.
“Fuck,” he groans, flopping back into bed and covering his face with his hands. What kind of idiot is he? He
worth killing,” she says, tone of voice carefully neutral.
He grips the handle with one hand, the blade in the other, looking at both the brothers. Sam starts reciting the incantation, the Latin falling from his lips like a native tongue. As he speaks Castiel cuts his palm, the blade so sharp he barely feels it. The blood starts trickling, Castiel’s wrist rotating to aim it towards the bowl. Crimson stains herbs, seeds and bones, his heartbeat quickening in his chest faster and faster and faster until it stops altogether. Breathing suspends in his lungs. His hunger and thirst disappear.
Charlie glances around the kitchen suspiciously. “Alright, where do you hide it, and why can’t I smell it?”
“Dean, this is- I’m-” Castiel stands as well, the pair of them fighting for words they can’t quite get out of their mouths. “I don’t want you to think I expect anything-”
Is he up for it?
“If I’m not home by ten, don’t wait up for me~”
“I see Dean tomorrow,” Castiel says, cracking his neck to either side. Something settles in the pit of his gut, his eyes starting to burn again. “I think I know the right questions to ask, now.”
Pamela!” Charlie suddenly yells, standing up from the couch and practically vaulting over the coffee table on her way into the kitchen. “I almost forgot, I’m such an idiot!”
Lowering his chin, he regards Dean for half a second before he needs to close his eyes against the onslaught. A little groan leaves his lips without permission. He puts his elbows on the table, slides his fingers into his hair so his palms are on his forehead, and then clenches his jaw a few times before speaking.
. He both existed and was non-existent at the same time. Every time police questioned Sam he insisted that he hadn't heard from Dean since he was sixteen years old, and he prefers it that way, thank you very much. Police eventually stopped bothering the young Winchester. Castiel thinks there’s something there, but he’s not about to fly all the way out to California to try and shake down a kid that, for all of the evidence in front of him, could care less what his psychotic brother is getting up to.
Charlie stares at Castiel silently.
“Dean,” she tuts, “this is serious. Why did they pick on you yesterday?”
“Nothin’?” Dean asks softly.
Castiel accidentally lets the oven door shut too hard, the glass rattling. Wincing, he sighs and wipes his hands on a dish rag. “He’s dating an old john. One he said used to abuse him.”
“Dean,” Castiel’s voice is mildly disapproving, in that fatherly tone that kinda sorta makes Dean’s toes curl. “What if those calls are to tell you when he’s coming home? You don’t want to be surprised by him showing up unannounced.”
Perhaps even the why.
“But he’s dead,” Castiel replies just as quiet.
“Dean,” Castiel’s hands rest on Dean’s shoulders, forcing their gazes to meet. Castiel’s eyes are warm, kind, his smile soft. He looks less like a tax accountant tonight, wearing nice jeans and a dark button-up. “You may leave at any time if you are uncomfortable.”
"You haven't had the opportunity to properly mourn your mother's death," Castiel murmurs. With a hand free, he gently cards his fingers through Dean's wet-spiked hair.
“Tell your name to the front desk. You’ll be escorted.”
defensive. “The guys got rough, the bruise is ugly. I don’t want people to worry about me.” Then, an afterthought, “Is it that obvious I’m wearing makeup?”
A bit of sadness fills Castiel. Ghosts helping them from beyond the grave. Whatever world they won’t return to, he won’t have a Charlie. He won’t have a lot of things, but as he searches Dean’s face, he suddenly realizes he’ll have everything to gain. “For the record,” Castiel leans back in his chair, folding his arms over his chest, “I still think you’re a psychopath.”
enough to get up on a stage and work a pole. He knows some of the local joints offer “private” dances, too, so realistically, even his low-ball estimations land them about a thousand bucks richer every month.
These strange facts listed in Dean’s file without follow up or further questioning is what Castiel gets stuck on. How could these crimes be committed before even John was born? And what, exactly, caused the frequency of them to spike? Is it directly related to Dean, or is it something else?
“You’re revealing things you would otherwise push down,” Daphne says cheerily.
“You know you can just uh…
blooming inside Castiel; he wants Dean to touch him, to comfort him, to take the pain away.
One day he doesn’t pay for his groceries, just to see. No one stops him.
“Got enough witnesses this time, be stupid not to,” he snorts, then winces.
“Holy crap,” Charlie says, after two hours of silence while Castiel relayed to her every bit of information he has uncovered not only on Dean, but John Winchester as well. “Holy Ghostbusters, Batman, this shit is CRAZY. How long have you been sitting on this information?”
As he passes Dean, Castiel throws his towel over his head and yanks him playfully, enjoying his yelp before letting him go and throwing his towel back over his shoulder. "If you manage scuff them you're grounded."
Dean can’t even turn around to look at Castiel, both because John’s grip won’t let him and also because he just
. He’s wearing a pastel rose lingerie set with lace detail, the strapless corset top stopping above his belly button and cinched to oxygen-depleting levels. The panties are clearly specially made with a support in the front so he doesn’t have wardrobe malfunctions, the backs of them showing so much cheek (and… bubbly cheeks, at that) Castiel briefly wonders if he should have
“How did Dean react to that?”
“Nice.”
“Ooooh,” Dean is clearly intrigued as he leans forward, shoulders shimmying in excitement. “Bringing home pretty ladies for a wham-bam-thank-you-ma’am, huh?”
, right?
Silence.
“Yeah, if I hadn’t seen his dick I wouldn’t have known he’s a boy,” another replies.
She rolls her eyes, “The marijuana you’re
a serial killer.
“Stop thinking.”
“Shoot,” Dean says softly. “You get ‘em set up anyway?”
Quiet consumes the car. Dean’s holding his breath now, the ice pack no longer giving his throbbing face any relief. The car suddenly feels too small, too cramped, him acutely aware of his mom’s presence next to him. Dropping the ice pack to his lap, he reaches to crack the window, desperate for some fresh air. Mom leaves him alone for a few moments, then reaches out to put a comforting hand on his shoulder.
“Since you’re not a slouch in the kitchen, you can help,” Ellen announces.
This is Dean’s worst nightmare. He’s frozen to the spot, unable to say a word.
Castiel shoots up like an arrow. Michael, distracted, doesn’t see him coming until the last minute. Castiel tackles him directly in the chest, wrapping him up in his arms and legs in an unbreakable bear hug. Sam and Dean are fifty feet below them, a hundred feet out. Using all of his strength, he braces against Michael’s thrashing and yelling, rotating them until Michael’s back is facing towards where the brothers are barreling forth.
” The smile in Pamela’s voice is audible. “
Castiel glances over his shoulder, smiling a bit quizzically. “... Thank you, Dean.”
“I can build ya some,” Dean offers, because he’s handy and kind.
Of that, he is sure.
Shaking his head, Dean weakly reaches up to grab the front of Kevin’s shirt. He’s a nerdy kid, a real whiz with a super kind heart, and Charlie’s other best friend. “No. No, Kev. Just… help me up? Gotta wash off.”
were putting their names in a drawing to be granted an interview with Dean Winchester before he gets executed. My name wasn’t in the hat.”
When he reaches fifty, Dean is gone, a deafening silence left in his wake.
“Trevor neglected to tell me there was an incident yesterday,” the principal says with interest, looking towards Trevor.
He looks up to see Kevin rushing towards him, throwing his backpack on the floor and kneeling. Cool hands tip Dean’s hot head up, the other boy looking over Dean’s face worriedly. “What happened? Oh my- you need to get to the nurse.”
"I ain't a homewrecker," he finally says.
Nodding slowly, that treacherous smile filters over Dean’s again. “Nah, I didn’t kill him. But he killed himself a coupla days later…” his gaze slips off towards Castiel’s left, eyes slightly unfocused. “He knew who I was. What I was. Knew I’d come after him if he stepped outta line again, and so, ‘cause he couldn’t trust himself to not get into anymore trouble, he just… took care of himself.”
The meadow is silent save for the crunching and sawing of bones, blood spraying over Castiel, the beautiful sheen of golden glitter fading minute by minute as Castiel separates them from their host.
“He goes to their memorial in the morning and then I’m not sure what he does for the rest of the day.” She finishes filling the glasses, sending him an amused smile. “Why don’t you ask him?”
called
Quietly, “I know.”
"Can I ask you somethin'?" Dean suddenly says. Then, "Without you gettin' mad."
It takes nearly a whole minute, but Dean finally turns to look at his mom. It feels like his neck is breaking. Like all the blood knocked out of his skull is suddenly pooling in his gut, making him nauseous. His limbs shake. His vision blurs. He’s sitting still but his whole body feels like it’s vibrating, ready to rocket off the planet.
The man sends him a dry look.
“Mm-” she chews and swallows, nodding. “While you go do that I want to go to the thrift market.”
Castiel frowns. “You’ve looked into him before… and got caught?”
Castiel starts pumping the brake, looking confused. “He looks mad- Dean?”
Dean barks a laugh, “Anything for that 401k, right?” Once his chuckles subside, Dean settles comfortably. Castiel had opened up today’s interview by telling Dean he may ask any questions he wants, and Castiel will give him honest answers. “Alright. So: does working at
“I’m not sure where to go from here,” he admits.
. “Nothing too crazy, sir. Yesterday they got the drop on me. Today they saw I was wearing makeup. They’re all a bunch of dickheads.”
Lifting his gaze to Dean’s, Castiel is surprised, and nearly appalled, that he can’t think of anything. There’s a white fuzz, incessant in the back of his head. Silence hangs between them, and then with his voice just as soft as Dean’s, Castiel asks, “What is your proudest achievement, to date?”
rather than something he
“Why can’t you be all three?” Dean asks, a little defensive.
He’s brought back to the present when a brush clatters against its container. Dean has tastefully applied a bit of blush, subtle highlight, and just enough mascara to darken his beautiful, long lashes. He’s lovely, radiant even, as he looks at his reflection. The silk blouse has a deep neckline, showing off his collarbones and the dip of his sternum, the sleeves loose and the wrists tight for an elegant, billowing effect. The hem of it is ribboned around his trim waist, slimming his figure, and with the combination of the men’s slacks, his body takes on an entirely different shape.
Castiel sends him a withering look. “In any case, you asked me to be here, Mr. Winchester. I was under the assumption that you might have an idea as to what you would like to talk about.”
The phone disconnects.
“There’s a line on your jaw,” Sam points out as he passes.
Falling quiet, Castiel settles back. Then, a thought crosses his mind. "Did I ever check your I.D.?"
He won’t let his own feelings get in the way of Dean going after what he wants.
"Listen, brother," Benny sobers up a bit. "Your daddy's not lawyering up. It's a stupid move on his part, but it gives you a good edge. He ain't got the money for bond. Looks like you'd be the only one posting bail."
“He said God is gone,” Castiel says. His voice is raw, dry, like he swallowed sand.
perfect, but he tries not to think that way, because he does believe in jinxes.
Dean smiles sheepishly, ducking his head and fidgeting with his water glass. “I was thinkin’ about joining the community dance center.”
“Y’do fine, Cas,” comes the muttered reply somewhere beyond the collar of the coat. “S’my dumb ass that gets in trouble, anyway.”
"No need," Castiel says, holding up a hand. "I trust your honesty. Auditions are unnecessary."
Castiel’s heart swells and aches all at once. After a moment of consideration, he points to the slightly darker one. Satisfied, Dean carefully applies it to his full lips, blotting with a tissue until none of the color transfers. He turns around on his stool and unties his shoes to pull them off, placing them under the bed and exchanging them for a pair of black pumps.
Castiel chuckles as the scent of ozone starts to permeate the air. “The day I buried Daphne and Jimmy, it was raining.”
“Join us for lunch, Dean?” Ellen asks.
Kevin’s reflection sends him a warm smile. “Pretty decent, huh?”
As he looks around his bedroom, there’s a moment of disorientation. Is this his bedroom? It feels… off. He always has the curtains drawn over the windows, keeps it rather sparse, but it feels… wrong. Like there’s something missing by the door, like the books he has should be somewhere other than the shelves he’s hammered into the walls.
Castiel heads to the makeshift locker next to the office. It’s empty, the only other dancer on stage at this time of night Lisa. Her and Dean’s gym bags are on the same shelf. Idly, Castiel thinks he should get real lockers here if he’s going to continue on with the dancers. Grabbing Dean’s duffel, Castiel makes his way back through the bar silently, fully aware of the dark cloud over his head.
There isn’t even a clock in this room. Castiel has to rely on the guard keeping watch on the other side of the door to know when his hour is up. In the wake of Dean’s words all Castiel can hear is his own shallow breathing as he tries to sift through Dean’s words. The beauty of recording, though, is that Castiel can reply in an instant and dissect the words at a later time. Which is typically a comforting thought, but right now all Castiel can think about, suddenly, is that he’s sitting across from the
“Dean,” Castiel’s voice is cut with frustration. “Tell me what’s going on. Tell me why Pamela doesn’t exist-” he lifts his head to glare at Dean through his sunglasses, but mostly he ends up squinting because of the light radiating off of the other man. “Tell me why you hunt ghosts and monsters and ended up in maximum security prison and are just waiting to die, like you’re going to just wake up somewhere else.”
Physical contact is… kind of nice.
“No, I’m close to the bus line. They got me a pass.”
“No,” Sam’s voice sounds oddly fond, “you’ve just… developed a bit of a personality since you’ve been in the loop.”
“A hot americano, please.” His politeness is barbed by the evil that lurks just beneath the skin. Dean had been fooled by his good looks once. He won’t make that mistake again.
It’s… sad, really, Castiel thinks. Even if he weren’t intertwined in the Winchester’s lives, being taken out of one dimension and plopped into another to start over until your brain suddenly remembers that this isn’t reality must be difficult. They go through the humdrum of whatever life they’ve been given until a dream or a memory resurfaces and kicks off exactly what they’re going through right now. Sam says that so far they haven’t been able to break the loop. They start remembering things from their real life, Michael interferes, and they get zapped to a different alternate universe.
“We need to get Dean off of death row.”
“Oh, no,” Dean whispers.
“Well- yeah, in a broad sweep. But the you, now? Your senses are just fine. Otherwise you wouldn’t have been able to find Dean.”
Snapping his eyes open, Castiel huffs out a surprised breath. No. No way. He clenches his teeth and cleans himself and then drags the cloth elsewhere on his body, trying to empty his mind again. The hot water is now soothing, steam rising and clouding near the ceiling. Of course, because nothing can go right in his life, his cock starts to thicken as more images of Dean flip through his brain like a rolodex. How he looks when he smiles, when he laughs, when he’s thoughtful. Replayed images of him caught on surveillance cameras, all bowlegged swagger and Kansas boy charm.
That perks Castiel up immediately, the sudden motion jerking one of his elbows so violently he knocks over a pen holder. Scrambling to right the wire basket and stuff all of the pens and pencils back inside, Castiel grabs his notepad and flips it open to a blank page, snatching one of the pens trying to valiantly roll off the ledge of the desk. “Pamela. What can I do for you?”
“Sure, kiddo. Shift starts at ten and ends at eight.”
“Yes.”
Then, a cool cloth.
She yelps and dances away, a gleam in her eyes as she sticks her tongue out at him. “Leave your poor brother alone.” She sends Sam a wink, who gives her a toothy grin in response.
He wishes he could pack this bedroom up with him and take it everywhere.
"I'm not the one offering a stranger shelter," Dean defends, suddenly feeling slightly self-conscious.
“Hey, buddy,” Dean greets his brother. “This ain’t the first time I been here. You don’t gotta be such a girl every time.”
“Mary,” John chuckles, reaching out to gently pat her hand before holding it and sending her a fond look. “He’ll figure it out. If anything you’re making him nervous
Sighing a little, Castiel takes a sip of the too-hot, too-watery coffee. “What do you think will happen now?”
Whipping around in surprise, Dean blinks owlishly before he laughs sheepishly. He grabs his phone from the pushed aside coffee table, cutting the music as Castiel sets his satchel on the kitchen table. “Hey. Sorry- I lost track of time.” His eyes drift to the clock on the wall, before he arches a brow. “Kinda late.”
“It would have been different,” Castiel tries to argue. “John saw his teenage boy with a
same.
Letting out a shuddery breath, Castiel straightens. He holds out his hand towards Sam, steeling his resolve. Everything confusing in this world will be brought to clarity in the next, and right now, in this moment, he feels more determined than scared. This is not his life. This is not his world. This is not his story.
“No.” Then: “You decoded the message, right?”
Castiel’s jaw goes a little slack, his eyes widening. Dean’s never seen him look so shocked, so surprised, so…
Across the table, Sam dons a holier-than-thou look, tilting his nose up.
“That ain’t fair,” Bobby says gruffly.
“I’m your mother, Dean, you can tell me about anything, alright?” She continues, talking over his freakout. “If it’s the shoes or the makeup or anything else. You know I love you no matter what, right?”
“About the supernatural?” Castiel clarifies.
“Because I don’t,” Castiel says plainly. “I think you’re a good person that got mixed up into some bad things and that, last night, you needed support and had no one to give it to you.”
Exhaling slowly, Dean licks his plush lips, and then starts recounting the events. “Wasn't much at first. Noticed these guys bullying one of the smaller dudes. This guy- he got arrested for stupid shit. Drugs, burglary. He wasn't a tough dude, just a tweaker that got caught on a bad night. It was maybe a coupla weeks after I got in that I noticed them givin’ him shit. And me- I was new, y'know? Fresh meat. I was tryna keep my head down. Some of them didn’t even know who I was.” He smiles ruefully, meeting Castiel's gaze. “I'm sure you've noticed, but my looks attract a certain type in this kind of neighborhood.”
“Charlie.”
“Need,” Castiel says gently.
Well- he doesn’t take care of Dean.
Michael looks mildly bewildered. “I… have been introducing you into my world to give you a taste of how a real man lives.”
He opens the mirror to grab his clippers. He won’t shave it completely off, but he will tame it at the very least. His fingers fumble around a few jars and bottles until he comes across some beard oil he picked up ages ago. Checking the label to make sure it’s still good, he sets it down on the counter. Trimming and cleaning himself up doesn’t take long, and when he’s done he looks a bit more like himself. He quickly takes care of his mess and then wraps the towel around his waist, opening up the door to the bathroom and releasing all the steam directly into Charlie’s face.
That shocks a laugh out of Dean. He pulls back, using the towel again to wipe his eyes and hide his smile. "I just- I dunno… I feel like we aren't on the same level sometimes. Still feel like a dumb kid."
*blows nose delicately into a tissue*
And, heh. It
Cautiously, Castiel steps closer and closer, until he can squat on the floor in front of the young man. He wants to comfort him, to touch him, but he won’t touch him without permission. What he went through just now was probably very overstimulating, and while he clearly enjoyed it, the aftermath of a performance is usually a roller coaster.
Michael turns to Castiel, the smile on his lips annoyingly beseeching. “I’ll have him back by ten.”
“I’m a whistleblower,” Castiel says. “I look into things that the law is too lazy to follow up on and then hand it over.”
“-but you’ve become very important to me-”
“Because you’ll listen. And I got a story I need to tell you.”
are you doing?” Castiel demands, nose scrunching up as the fumes hit them.
“Fuck,” he says with feeling.
Castiel makes, what he thinks is, a positive noise. The nurse frowns a little, then pats his knee and stands up to leave.
"You wouldn't change the accident?" Dean asks his cocoa.
Rubbing his forehead, Castiel puts his other hand on his hip and stares down at the floor.
A weird anger burns in Castiel’s gut at Dean’s words. “Why does it matter what
He hates relating to shitty television shows.
He can’t kill an archangel with it, but he can still do some damage.
This time, when Castiel reaches his hand out, he doesn’t stop himself. Dean reaches across the table almost shyly, their hands connecting, fingers slotting together. His hand are fucking huge compared to Dean’s, strong and worn from all the hard work he applies to every aspect of his life. It feels right to hold each other like this, even this small point of contact. He believes that Castiel means nothing has to change now. Dean’s not really sure he’s ready to break the bubble they’ve encased themselves in. But knowing that’s on the other side… what’s waiting for him when he’s finally comfortable enough to let it- that’s the thrill.
wearing his pajamas and looking- looking-” His cheeks flush. “It looked like a walk of shame, Benny.”
“I just like feeling pretty!”
“Fair enough,” Dean laughs. “Anyway, dinner’s gonna get cold!”
He has no business asking them now.
“The second you guys wanna split the bill let me know,” Dean says, pulling his notepad and pen from his apron with a grin to Ellen and Bobby. “I’ll make these two wash dishes in the back and y’all can enjoy an afternoon off.”
“Of course. Have fun thrifting. And try not to run off with one of those helpful men, ok?”
Consideringly, Castiel says, “Both a want and need.”
Sam hunkers down and puts his other headphone in.
“But what place do I have to barge into his life like that?”
for those who missed it/are curious: every time i write Michael, it's with Matt Cohen's beautiful beautiful face.
Shooting his eyes around the bar and blessedly finding it empty, Dean leans forward a bit and hisses, "Jesus, man, not so loud."
“But you’re not old enough to dance there,” Sam says obstinately, in the way only an annoying little brother can.
The speed at which Michael flies towards Castiel is unseeable to the human eye. Castiel himself catches glimpses of it in bursts- his wings burst from his back with violent force and gore on instinct, much less elegant than Michael’s. Black bones, black feathers, black veins, black black black and charred by Hellfire. He moves just in time to dodge Michael’s attack, his six wings carrying him away in a tornado of dandelion fuzz and leaves. He hasn’t felt his power surge like this in years, but he still worries it isn’t enough to match Michael, an archangel.
Castiel can’t believe he couldn’t see past a fake I.D. Then again, did he even check? He can’t recall. Dean had come to him, rejected by the strip club with low self-esteem, so Castiel must have just… assumed that Dean was older. At the minimum, twenty-one. Dean has his bratty moments but his age is beyond his gaze, his gait, attitude, and outlook on life being one of a person who has gone through many things.
“He has a point,” Mary frowns. “Are you sure you don’t want to do another round of shopping to choose something more… I don’t know, stylish? Something that reflects you?”
"That's it," Castiel says. He takes his glasses off, setting them on the table as he leans in to regard Dean without a barrier. His skin tingles in response. "I don't need, or want, you to take off your clothes or act in any sort of promiscuous fashion. I would like you to entertain, while entertaining yourself. You like to dance, right?"
“I’m gonna speak as plainly as I can without anyone else catchin’ on,” Dean says. Castiel’s eyes bounce around the room to the posted cameras, before he shuffles forward and sits in the chair opposite Dean once more, the metal legs scraping on the concrete floor. Dean leans forward and his light is not only bright, but it’s warm now, and Castiel automatically leans into it. “You and Charlie have to break the code.” Castiel opens his mouth to ask how on Earth Dean knows Charlie’s name, but Dean holds up a hand to halt his words. “Break the code and then we all can get out of here in one piece. If she’s here and if Pamela’s here I think things are in our favor.  We can win this, and God can suck a dick.”
A repeat of words long past, now in a different setting. This time Dean wasn't standing by like a coward, detaching himself from the situation. His breath quickened. The black tar slithered closer.
Castiel falls silent, absorbing the information. He doesn’t get long before Dean starts fidgeting again.
Tomorrow is the beginning of his new life.
Frowning, Dean looks mildly offended. “What? Why?”
mean, anymore?
That’s the goal.
On Mother’s day, he wakes her up with breakfast in bed. Scrambled egg whites, fruit, and toast; at this point in her pregnancy her palate has changed dramatically, Castiel sometimes forcing her to eat and being met with resistance that he takes in stride. Her mood swings haven’t been terrible, actually. Aside from getting overly emotional when she watches literally anything on television, she’s doing well. Castiel is a naturally doting partner, accustomed to spoiling her even when she pretends to be annoyed by it.
Castiel shuts the door before following Sam into his living room. “Why are
you'd be in hot water. But seein' as this is an unrelated incident, there's nothing to investigate at the bar. He worked off the books, tips-only. If he leaves now no one's the wiser. Not gonna lie, Cas. Gotta save my ass, too. I like that idiot too much for him to get in trouble for just tryna live."
before i knew what to do with it. i wrote this entire story out of order for quite some time, writing scenes as they came to me and trying to figure out how to tie them all together. this is why i've been warning for continuity errors ^^;;
“Heya!” Dean’s cheery voice bounces around his skull. “You gonna be home soon? Dinner’s almost ready.”
and it’s truly the story of the damn millennium.
. A pretty sweet gig til' my dad caught me doing the walk of shame with my middle-aged boss. Dad beat me up, sent me to the hospital, news got out that I was eighteen, the earth shattered and the sky fell, blah blah." He takes a sip of his spritzer. "Now I'm a waiter at that bar during the day 'cause I'm underage and can't work the bar at night."
Castiel doesn’t even know what he’ll be doing. Will it be a taped confession, a macabre movie left behind for people who want to study him? Is Winchester trying to clear the air before he dies, a last reach for humanity before lights out?
“Don’t get sweet on me,” the guard snaps at Dean, more bark than bite.
Not until now.
“Our apartment is too small for proper shelving for how many books I wish to own,” he replies. The man in the trunk’s eyes flutter open, looking up at Castiel with a resigned, pitiful tilt.
Dean sneaks a glance, then shrugs.
“It picked
“Zilch.” Charlie sighs, walking back towards the table to flop down into her chair. “No facial recognition anywhere.”
“Do you think I pity you?” Castiel asks, tone of voice interested.
"Well," Benny shrugs. "It's a good thing he's filing a report for this morning and not last night.
Raising his hands in supplication, Dean chuckles again. “Fair, fair.”
“Do you believe in ghosts?” Dean asks, the following Friday.
Dean sends him an unamused look. “Hear me out.”
“M’sorry, Cas, I just- that’s a lot.”
A trip to the grocery store had gotten out of hand when a middle-aged woman decided to accost the teenage cashier.
Sam throws Castiel a look over the seat, his features soft, eyes bright. “Us, too.”
“But I’d at least have Daphne,” he replies. He finally takes a portion of salad, drizzling some balsamic vinegar over it and his baked potato.
That problem being the…
Castiel’s hand shoots out, grabbing the nurse’s wrist. He looks up at the man’s face, eyes wide and hot. “The baby?”
The sound of the grenade launcher and the bazooka going off at the same time is surely deafening. Half a second after the explosions happen, the whistling of the objects flying towards them carrying gently on the breeze. Castiel closes his eyes. Michael’s thrashing intensifies, curses falling from his lips, his nails scrabbling and tearing at Castiel’s suit jacket.
i know the time jumps seem weird, but this story is more like a compilation of detailed snapshots of their life together. it'll smooth out into lengthier pieces as it goes on. also i don't mean to have more dean pov than cas pov but that's just how it's happening ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Castiel pulls away first, always able to collect himself better and faster. Dean feels like a slug. He looks at the grave, unable to see Michael’s body from this angle, and instead of feeling disgusted with himself, he lets out another hysterical giggle, wiping a hand over his face.
Dean rolls his eyes. He lifts a hand, wiggling his pinky in his ear. “Uh… yeah. Literally just said that.”
It takes Dean a moment to stop eating and give Castiel his attention. It’s a surefire sign that Dean knows exactly what Castiel is going to bring up, and that flares frustration whip-quick. Tamping it down, Castiel takes a drink of water.
“Lie down.”
Castiel is definitely sure he wasn’t meant to hear that. He lingers in the doorway for a second, hoping a good opportunity arises for him to make a more organic, less awkward entrance.
“And what does my son do at your restaurant?”
They lived
“It’ll only be a moment,” Castiel says. The door from the garage leads into the kitchen. There are some dishes in the sink, but the tile floor is swept and the dark granite counters are clean. Dean puts his duffel on a chair at the kitchen table as Castiel says, “Help yourself to anything”, and then heads off to the guest room.
He smells burning flesh.
Castiel blinks plaintively at the other man for a moment, head tilting as he debates the question. Dean asks questions as though they’re black and white, no matter the content, as though there is no grey in the world. This seems like one of those questions, even though it, overall, is quite an absurd inquiry.
Letting out a little sigh, Dean turns a small smile towards Charlie, elbow deep in soap. He only buses when he’s frustrated and has to step away from customers, and Charlie knows this well. “I’ll be fine. Just gotta keep away from him before Cas fires me for serving him cold soup or somethin’.”
“Unfortunately his parents will not be attending this meeting,” the principal says.
It’s him.
Not… that the thought hadn’t crossed his mind before. After all, Castiel is handsome, successful, handsome, kind, fit, nice, handsome, stacked-
“D’you have a gun?” Dean asks, leaning forward a bit, boyish grin on his features.
Kevin’s house is neat and orderly. His mom fusses over Dean for just a few moments, but when Dean explains he’s on the wrestling team, she just grumbles about boys too aggressive for their own good. She preens about Kevin being in band and suggests Dean also join, seeing as it’s less violent and more rewarding, to which he awkwardly chuckles and says he’ll think about it.
Castiel finds ease in solitude, is one of those people who could be perfectly fine without human contact. He likes people well enough, but he could also do without. He supposes that’s why he’s been alright this past decade or so. He gets enough interaction with people at work, customers and employees, and being able to come home and have time to himself has suited him fine. He preferred it, even.
Shooting up off of the couch, Castiel scrambles to the kitchen where it lays on the counter attached to the charging cord. An unknown number pops up on the screen, but instinct tells him to answer it.
"Restraining order."
“It ain’t Benny’s fault,” Dean snaps defensively.
“Are they?” The lead boy asks. Dean has no idea what his name is. Probably something stupid and vague, like Keith. “Seemed to work yesterday.”
“-Will come.” Dean interrupts. Castiel finally looks up at the boy, meeting his narrowed gaze.
An odd noise gets trapped in the back of Castiel’s throat. A few things war within him; firstly, the paternal protection he’s felt for Dean since the moment they met. He knows that Michael didn’t treat Dean well
"It may not look like much now," Castiel finally says, gesturing around. "But at night this place turns into a dance club. That wall over there is actually a partition. The restaurant is open to all ages until nine o'clock, and then it becomes a full service night club."
Eye skirting over Castiel’s features in assessment, it takes a whole minute for Dean to relax in Castiel’s grip and slowly nod. Releasing him, Castiel rubs at his chest idly, clearing his throat.
Walking to the grocery store one night, under the light of the moon and the shade of the trees, Dean is approached by his first customer. A blowjob in an alley earns him a slick fifty and he thinks to himself
Castiel Novak frequents Benny’s bar. He doesn’t even know what the actual name of the bar is; just knows he’s been patronizing it for the past ten years he’s lived in his shoebox apartment in a not-great-but-not-terrible part of downtown. Castiel Novak jogs every morning when he wakes up, requires nearly an entire liter of caffeine before he can function, works quietly at his desk or efficiently in the field, and then comes home to eat a healthy, organic meal, maybe have a nightcap, and read a few chapters in whatever the book of the week is before going to bed, alone, with too much space on either side of him. Occasionally Castiel Novak visits the gay bar to find someone to share a tumble with, but Castiel Novak never lets anyone stay the night, and he sure as hell never lets anyone get away with his phone number.
Dean works on the Impala once he gets more ambulatory and can move without seeing stars. First he gives the interior a good clean; he rents a small shampooer and gets into every nook and cranny he can, by machine and by hand. Then he works on the outside: a wash, a wax, a buff. He carefully paints over any dings and chips in paint that have accrued over the years and by the time she’s done with her, she’s gleaming like a champ.
Wait.
“To think, after all this time, you two have
Stepping further into the room, Castiel puts his hands back into the pockets of his trench coat. “I have to get going.” The restaurant is open right now, and when Castiel had checked his phone he had about a dozen messages from concerned employees. “Can I get you anything?”
Clean, but for the evidence of his dream crusting on his skin, Castiel falls back against his pillows, pressing the heels of his palms roughly into his eyes.
“Sam,” Castiel croaks.
“Firstly, because it doesn’t make sense,” she says, “and secondly, because what little bits I
. A lone figure hauls a tied off tarp, nary a sweat breaking on his brow as he drags the heavy load through the woods. He’s strong, broad shoulders with an equally broad chest, wearing a plain t-shirt and jeans on thick legs as he makes his way into the darkness. His dark hair obscures his face, but the glint of his white teeth reflects over the ambient light of the night.
weary and wary of life. Only at a distressingly young age.
“I don’t need to,” Sam says. Castiel can see the expression on his features, smug and satisfied, like he’s seen it a million times before. “Anyway- lock up.”
The following morning, Castiel wakes up first. Unsurprising, considering his internal alarm clock is set strictly at six. He  blinks his eyes open, stretches, and then rolls over to look at Dean, who is blissfully passed out, mouth open, snoring slightly. He’s sprawled on his stomach, pillows under his face and chest, legs askew. The blankets had been kicked down to his thighs, and at some point he’d unbuttoned his pajama top to release the heat. His skin is slightly flushed, his breaths are deep, and Castiel’s pretty sure he’s never seen him look so peaceful.
That surprises Castiel. “How do you mean?”
On Sunday, after an afternoon filled with scrubbing, mopping, and laundry, Dean and Castiel sit down together for dinner. A roast has been simmering in the crockpot all day, tantalizing their senses and making Dean drool every time he caught a whiff over the cleaner. Rubbing his hands together gleefully, he squirms in his seat as Castiel serves them both.
Castiel removes his glasses from his features, rubbing his eyes idly. He’s doing a lot more thinking than he’s had to do since… well, university, and even though his brain is picking it up like riding a bike, he’s still suffering a bit of whiplash.
“Dean? Oh my gosh-”
Caught, Dean mumbles, “I dunno.”
“I’m starving,” Castiel says loud enough for Charlie to hear, going for distraction so Charlie doesn’t worry too much about the fact he may or may not have almost drowned in the bathtub. “Do you want to go grab lunch?”
Castiel counts backwards from ten. Dean’s boyhood got taken from him the moment his mother died and he was forced to grow up. The rebellious teenage years were something he didn’t get to experience properly because John made it so. Now that Dean is comfortable and able to process some of his trauma, it’s only natural that he regresses slightly. Granted, having a twenty year-old teenager isn’t high on Castiel’s “favorite things” list, but he reminds himself of this in order to regain his patience.
Dean says nothing.
“Not that asking a girl to the dance is a prize to be won,” Jo says narrowly, glaring at them both.
Nodding, suddenly finding his throat dry and words impossible to sound out, Dean gives Castiel a shaky smile.
Seems more trouble than it’s worth.
Sam ignores him. “Yes, technically. But we’re trying to get to the
On the seventh day, Sam announces, “It’s as good as it’ll ever be.”
His cell phone rings.
*stares at the "slow burn" tag* boy oh boy i don't think i've ever done something THIS slow. well- maybe. hm.
you want? Have you thought of anything?”
“Drawing a Devil’s trap,” Sam says simply. “We’ve been going through these altered realities for… man, maybe six years? Every time we’re dumped onto some different timeline with our memories wiped, starting over with no knowledge of each other or something keeping us from knowing each other. Putting either myself or Dean in prison is usually how they keep us apart, but you’re always a wildcard. We actually haven’t seen you at all. Probably because you were in the Empty.”
“Like what? Still about Dean?”
He runs.
Dean sucks in a breath through his teeth as they make their way down the next hallway, muttering, “Fuck, you’re hot.”
The changing leaves reminds him of her hair, the swirling skies of her eyes. When it rains he thinks of her curled up with a book in front of the fireplace, and when the sun shines he thinks of her covered in dirt in the yard, planting bulbs to bloom in the spring.
“There’s a panic button underneath the lip of the table,” the guard says. “The prisoner will be shackled for the entire hour. You are not allowed to touch him.” His gaze drops towards the dull pencil resting atop his closed notepad. “Winchester has never been in an altercation or showcased aggression towards authority figures, but it’s probably still in your best interest to keep that away from him.”
Castiel nods, then regrets it when his neck cracks. “Michael said the Earth has been purged. I don’t know… how many are gone.” He exhales shakily. “I’ve escaped the Empty again.”
Castiel smiles, patting her belly gently. “It counts.”
her for everything she taught me that had more value than anything I ever read in the Bible." He squeezes Dean's hands. "But we cannot undo what has been done."
But if things end up being ok…
She searches his gaze, before she visibly steels herself and says, “I’m so sorry, Mr. Novak. Your wife… and your baby, are gone.”
“Don’t know,” Sam says, holding Dean’s bag out towards him. “Got a call from the office, they said dad’s on his way to pick us up.”
He doesn’t know how much time passes before Castiel finally shifts them. He registers the ache in his lower body as the asphalt finally makes its presence known and then immediately feels bad. If it hurts him it’s most definitely hurting Castiel.
“I just want you,” Castiel says quietly.
“Just gotta stay with me til’ we can hole up, alright?”
"One second!" Dean yells in surprise. He pulls off his high heels, kicking them under the bed before dropping to his knees, surrounding the baby pink shoes with week old dirty laundry. He pulls pajama pants over his underwear, scrubs the lipstick off his mouth, then checks his appearance before opening his bedroom door. "Yeah, dad?"
The momentary distraction costs him when Michael grabs his ankle and swings him like a shot put. He sails a quarter of a mile before righting himself, wings flapping, but as soon as he’s straight Michael is in his space, sending his fist to the softness under Castiel’s chin, cracking his neck and jerking his head back. Blood fills his mouth, his vision blurring slightly. Michael grips the lapels of his suit jacket, swinging him around again, this time hurtling him towards the earth below.
Undeterred by the obvious subject change, Michael rubs either of Dean’s biceps with his palms. Another cluck of his tongue and that pitying look has Dean queasy. “Do you not trust me?”
Letting out a sigh, Castiel drains his coffee. “Let me show you my work. Then, you can make your own decisions about what you believe.”
Sniffling, Sam nods. His cheeks are flushed, lashes wet with tears as he hiccups a little. Dean leads him towards a chair just outside of the scary door, helping him sit down. Sam draws his knees up to his chest, wraps his arms around them, then buries his forehead in the valley of his kneecaps. Running his fingers through Sam’s hair, Dean steels himself before taking two steps to the left and two steps forward into hell, a doctor leaving the room and giving him a small, forlorn smile as he passes.
“Yeah. Freaky, right? Like, why would his files be protected like that?” She’s chattering excitedly. “I’ve been following everything since he got arrested. I tried to do my own digging but all I can get at are public records of police reports. When I tried digging into the FBI database-”
(See the end of the chapter for
As he looks around, taking in the closet space and the dresser, he notices some paint swatches on the grey wall next to the light switch, all different shades of green and grey. There’s a question mark written in sharpie next to a swatch of grey; the question mark had been crossed out, a shade nearly the color of Dean's eyes being circled instead.
Looking mildly flustered, Dean nods.
, in fact he knows that things were nearly atrocious (and one-sided) between them. His hackles raise slightly. He clenches his jaw and swings the shovel down off of his shoulders, propping it in a chunk of ice to avoid hitting Michael across the face with it.
“Hello, Dean.”
That spurs the rest of the crowd into action, nearly everyone moving forward to try and get a better look. This time when Dean faces the crowd his face is the picture of confidence and comfort, his body language and facial expressions the most relaxed Castiel has seen them. Not that Castiel is an expert on someone he’s just met, but even a stranger could see the weight of the world on the young man’s shoulders.
Michael’s gaze cuts toward Castiel. “The fuck are you looking at?”
“Even if I knew, I probably wouldn’t pay it any mind,” Sam says casually. “Death isn’t permanent. It’s just a date.”
They eat in silence for a few moments, before Castiel decides to talk about what neither of them have been wanting to. “We haven’t necessarily discussed in detail the living arrangements.”
Castiel snorts.
Yet Castiel's body relaxed, his spirit released with the declaration. The black goo was now crawling up his legs. His voice was thick with emotion, trembling with happiness. "Thank you."
Michael leaves.
He can’t breathe.
“Ain’t got no friends, ain’t got no enemies.”
Now, at thirty, with a baby on the way and house renovations slowly coming to a stop to accommodate the delicate senses of an infant, Castiel feels… settled. Not in a bad way by any means- not at all. He feels comfortable in his skin, enjoys his life in a way he never thought he could. His parents had been distant at best and disapproving at worst of any decision he’s ever made; he hates to use Daphne as a cushion but he tends to do so. She doesn’t mind. It’s another reason he loves and appreciates her so much. She doesn’t lord anything over him, she doesn’t belittle him. She’s everything a partner should be and he does his best to show her every day how much he loves her.
He’d missed her so much. When he dropped out to get a job he sort of fell off the radar for everyone that wasn’t Sammy. He ghosted friends, didn’t text or call anyone back, until he spiraled down further and further into a space where, when he realized he was all alone, he didn’t have the guts to try and reach out to someone. Charlie and Kevin, his only true friends, had left him be, not because they wanted to- but because they had to. Dean wouldn’t let things be any other way. But the second Dean walked in for his first day shift and saw Charlie behind the counter? He’s never cried in public, but he got damn close. She didn’t even need an explanation from him for anything. She punched him the shoulder, said she missed him, and they fell back into old habits and friendship. Through her he reconnected with Kevin and they all picked up right where they left off. Dean often thinks that the universe hands him things he isn’t deserving of, but Charlie and Kevin do a good job of telling that side of his brain to shut up.
“Does it matter?” Rolling his hazel eyes, Sam slouches slightly in his seat.
“You’re not going to go on a rant about starcrossed lovers?” Castiel grumbles.
“Dean.”
Because Castiel would have been an amazing father, and that chance got taken away from him. And Dean would have been an amazing son, and that chance got taken away from him.
The floor falls away from him. The chair becomes nonexistent. He feels like he’s floating, his brain going fuzzy and his vision tunneling. There are hands on his shoulders keeping him upright, and there’s an awful noise filling the waiting room- an awful noise that sounds… well, that sounds like him, frankly, that sounds like him… crying? Is he crying?
“No,” Castiel answers, confused.
“Not at first,” Dean says. He lifts his gaze from Castiel's fingers, his expression carefully neutral. “I was with all the other buddy-boys for four months before I got sent in.”
She’s lying peacefully, eyes closed. There’s tubes around her head leading to her nostrils, an IV in her wrist, and some wire looking things stuck to her head. John’s hand is over hers. Dean is frozen.
“Mom, oh my God,” Dean groans. “It’s the first day of school, not a fashion show.”
If it’s not that important, then he won’t push.
The man rolls his eyes, turning his back to Dean. Pissed, but knowing his limits, Dean leaves. He turns up the collar of his leather coat, bracing himself against the windy, damp evening. He's frustrated. He
It doesn’t last long.
Shaking his head, Castiel reaches forward with his hand, then aborts the movement quickly. “I would never, Dean.”
“Hey, ma,” Dean says, sitting up with a grimace.
As he and Dean settle, Castiel waits for the guard to leave and the door to clang shut before speaking.
In the kitchen there’s a fresh pot of coffee on the counter. The clock on the oven says 6:37AM and Dean hates that he feels so good for being up so early. They didn’t get in until after one. Dean hasn’t even checked his phone. The latest he can get away with getting home without being detected is around eight, mostly because it’s easy to sneak into his basement room.
Dean catches sight of a rainbow flag hanging on the wall behind Castiel. Taking his chances, he says in a rush, "I want that. I want to dance on a stage and let loose and feel music and have an audience and dress up." Wow. Wow, saying it out loud actually feels pretty good. Why has he been holding that inside for so long?
Taking in a deep breath, Castiel’s fingers twitch. “You once told me you killed things, Dean. Now you are referring to your victims as people.”
"Pissed," he replies quickly, hotly. He drops his hands so he can stare up at the ceiling. "He… kinda reminded me of my dad, a bit. The way he'd treat me. But when I saw him the other day he seemed… sorry? But I dunno if it was a trick." He flowers. "Doesn't matter anyway."
“Hey,” Sam sounds concerned. “Sorry, it’s like three a.m. but something happened. Are you ok?”
The match is tossed.
Because Dean is beautiful, and Castiel has never known beauty.
"It's OK not to know how to feel," Castiel says diplomatically. "Sooner or later your two lives were going to intersect. I'm glad this was a tame reunion."
“You a shrink or a reporter?” Dean asks, eyes narrowing, some of the life coming back to them.
“Mom, I-” Finally, the tears start to blur his vision. “I love you.”
Dean nods. His freckles are bleached pale under the harsh fluorescent lighting of the room. Castiel wonders what they look like when the sun is kissing them.
useful purpose to having someone at home, knowing his comings and goings.
Oh, fuck. Putting a palm over his eyes, Dean shifts to get out of the flow of pedestrian traffic so he can try and register the conversation. "I don't know what you want from me, Michael."
“Mm,” Castiel returns the carafe to the coffee maker and then rejoins Dean at the table. “It was an unfortunate accident a long time ago. I’m at peace with it now.”
For some reason, Dean wanted to meet him.
"I was." He turns off the burner with a click, stirring the cocoa with one hand as he grabs two mugs from the cupboard. He pulls out the cinnamon and cloves and, still whisking, pours frothy cocoa unto each mug before bringing them to the island. Standing opposite Dean, he smiles. "My family was very religious. Daphne… was the exception to all of the rules. She won over my parents with her first hello."
"I think it's best that you two don't exist in the same world," Castiel deadpans, "I don't think I, or the world, could handle it."
"No," he says easily. He then glances over his shoulder. "As you like to remind me, I'm old." He smiles wryly. "I don't have the energy to casually date. If someone special comes along, then…" he shrugs, turning back to the cocoa. "We'll see."
“We gotta get out of the open, man,” Dean says, shuffling them along.
“I don’t-” he clears his throat. “I don’t know what happened.” He looks at her, feeling heavy for himself and for this stranger. “How long have you been here?”
“Good, that was next on my list,” Castiel says with a nod. After a moment of silence, he chews his lip before starting, “Are you-”
“Ah.” Now Castiel nods. “Overstimulated.”
Michael laughs. "I sounded a bit jealous, didn't I?"
A warning?
“I’ll kick your ass two way from Sunday if you talk loud enough for anyone to hear,” Dean threatens.
“Uh, other than the fact she’s probably not who she says she is? Not much. She popped up on the radar the day after Dean’s arrest and hasn’t exactly been keeping a low profile. She
At the restaurant, every night there’s an overlap with day shift and night shift before the crowd is thinned for minors and turned into the club. This means that for one hour Castiel and Dean’s shifts coincide for one hour. They don’t usually talk much- not because they don’t want to, but because they both are busy doing their respective tasks. Dean is responsible for closing the daytime till and dispersing the tips to the other servers, while Castiel is responsible for opening the night time till and stocking the bar in preparation for the late night customers. They chat here and there when they cross paths, mostly asking each other task questions, and when Dean clocks off he wishes Castiel a good night and then heads out the door with Charlie.
His face hurts, but his heart trips with anticipation.
Castiel lifts a foot to kick at his attacker’s body, doing his best to part their near embrace. It works, though only for a moment. He doesn’t catch a glimpse of his attacker before he’s pushed back by a flurry of blows, fist after fist punching his blocking arms and his shoulders. With a great burst of energy Castiel pushes off of his feet and jumps up and away from his foe, landing a safe distance away in a patch of dandelions.
“Something like that,” Castiel mumbles, picking up the drink and downing half of it in one swallow.
“Of course.”
They exit the room casually. Castiel had been sure that the gunshot would alert the guards, but Victor stands there with a secretive smile, staring straight ahead and not looking at the pair as they leave. They stay low, just in case, peeking around corners and following the maze of the prison.
Jolting upright, Castiel’s heart leaps up into his throat, threatening to suffocate him. Looking around wildly, eyes wide and fingers gripping the cushions of the couch, he’s shocked to see no sign of Sam. No Sam, no graffiti on the floor- he pats around and then looks at the coffee table. No gun. No mixing bowl with strange, fragrant ingredients. Turning, he sees Charlie hedging into the living room looking entirely concerned and maybe even a little frightened.
“I look ok?” Dean snaps.
Dean peeks up at him, then shakes his head.
smoking because you are
“Ok, so,” Charlie plops down in a chair in front of her computer, typing and clicking away. “When she was announced as Dean’s lawyer the dark web went all abuzz. I had no idea why, until I started scanning through encrypted messages.”
Michael picks up on the second ring.
Life can’t get better.
If Castiel dreamed anything, he doesn’t remember them upon waking. He actually feels a little more rested than normal and considers himself lucky, as he gets out of bed and dresses for the day. When he exits his room he doesn’t see any sign of Charlie and finally checks the clock - it’s just past six a.m., and it figures he’d be wide awake at this God awful hour. Charlie had bought plenty of groceries but Castiel knows she likes the coffee shop down the block, so he pockets his phone, puts on his shoes, and slips out the door. The air is cool against his face, waking him up fully, and he takes a deep lungful as his hands go into his pockets.
“Sam says I need to get you out of here,” Castiel says.
Castiel lifts up his glass of orange juice to hide his smile. “Like you’re heading to your graduation ceremony.”
Dean’s eyes flash when he smirks at Castiel. “If you say so.”
“Encrypted?” Castiel blinks in confusion. He sits down as well.
a split lip. That don’t look like wrestling, that looks like bull-”
Castiel replaces images of Dean in an orange jumpsuit with Dean in orange board shorts, freckles tanning his skin, soul so radiant the sun of the equator itself won’t shine as bright.
Is it a thrill, or is it… profound?
This is his last chance to say anything to his mom. She’s not awake to hear him, hell, it probably wouldn’t make a difference. He feels compelled to say
It’s the wrong response, because Dean’s walls immediately raise. “I ain’t easy, Cas. I wasn’t always a prostitute.”
The Winchesters
“We’ll get Cas one of those trashy romance novels he’s apparently so fond of,” Dean chuckles.
Arousal flares hot in the man’s gaze. Michael. His name is Michael. “Don’t worry,
Holding back a sigh, Castiel fusses with the rubber mats until they can’t be straightened any further. “I suppose so.”
“As if you’re surprised,” Dean scoffs. He pulls his hand back, picking up his fork again and pointing it at Castiel. “This won’t be weird?”
Working at the grocery store soon wasn’t paying all of the bills. John stopped working, too drunk to even get himself out of bed except to eat, piss, and drink more. Dean had to come up with a way, quick, to earn extra cash.
not only am i leaving you with this cliffhanger but i also do not have reliable internet for the foreseeable future!
“That’s good, he’s trustworthy.”
All suspicions are laid to rest when Castiel creeps around the corner to peer into the living room. The furniture is neatly pushed aside, leaving quite a large space of hardwood floors. Dancing in the middle of the room is Dean, barefoot, dressed in yoga pants and a tank top, oblivious to the world as the music takes him over. There’s a sheen of sweat covering his flushed skin, giving away the fact that he’s been dancing for quite some time now. Castiel takes a moment to just watch him; how his body, stronger and healthier than ever, takes him through some complicated movements, and even up into the air. The music is instrumental, nearly orchestral with a smooth, rich bass line. Gripping his satchel tightly, he makes the decision to not startle Dean too much, or be discovered peeping.
Understanding what Dean's saying, Castiel feels his exhaustion melt at the edges. He's not sure how much trouble he'll get into, but seeing Dean curled up with Sam, at rest and free not only from the streets but from his abusive father… Castiel knows he, too, wouldn't change anything.
And he would say, “Just like you need your beauty rest.”
Dean narrows his pretty greens right back.
He doesn’t hesitate to grab his phone and call his brother.
Taking a step back, Dean does his best to not get
“We fought,” Castiel says.
A pause. And then: “D'you know what solitary confinement is like?” Dean asks. The way he phrases the question allows Castiel to know that he'll tell him, with or without a reply. “Lonely.” Dean snorts.
Castiel rubs idly at his temple. "Lovely."
He grunted, wiping the sweat from his brow as he stared at the half-full hole.
“That’s because while this one is slipping away, Michael is making the new world to throw us into.”
Two months into the school year trouble starts. He doesn’t know what triggers it, but suddenly in the locker room when changing from his gym clothes back into his regular clothes, some stupid kids surround him. Even in his plain underwear he feels vulnerable, but he covers it up with bravado as he looks around at all of the boys with a disgruntled glare.
“Like- gay, lesbian, bisexual.”
The outburst falls quiet, the walls of the room nearly shrinking in on them when Castiel realizes what he’s said. His eyes widen behind his frames, color draining from his face, and then he fumbles a hand to the panic button under the table, pressing it. No noise blares from anywhere, but some lights flash and then Victor is coming through the heavy door with a thunderous expression. Castiel stands, holding his hands up.
Tonight Dean seems… distracted. Actually for the past week Dean has seemed distracted. He checks his phone more often and seems fairly amused whenever he does, and even his interactions with Charlie cut down which, if Castiel understands their relationship properly, is likely a red flag for something going on with Dean. And yet, Dean still has his genuine smiles and his laughs and his love for Charlie so… what could it be? Sometimes he even skirts talking to Castiel and frankly that’s worrisome. Halloween is fast approaching and Dean hasn’t even talked about his costume, which he had brought up two months ago with excitement.
“Daphne’d smack you left n’ right for lettin’ Dean leave with Michael.” Benny pauses. “Shoot, she’d probably go after them herself.”
High school passes in a haze. Dean decides to drop out at seventeen and get his G.E.D. so he can start working right away, his dad none the wiser. His dad. What a fucking joke. After mom died John went straight into the gutter, drinking and carrying on and really doing nothing other than working “long hours” at the garage and then coming home and falling asleep in the recliner in a drunken stupor. Dean’s not an idiot. He knows his dad is in mourning, but there’s a part of Dean that wonders why, when their mother died, John just… stopped being a father. He and Sam are still here, still alive, still in need of a parent and they’ve got one, he just… doesn’t take care of them.
“I need an escort to walk up to the bar?” Dean asks, a little incredulous.
“Is it pre-biblical or just a language that was around for a short amount of time and then died out?” Castiel considers out loud. The percolator clicks. He pulls down two mugs. He notes that it’s almost eight in the morning- they’ve slept in today, by their manic standards. Filling both their cups and bringing them to the table, Charlie doesn’t even complain as she drinks hers black. “Lots of languages in the world existed for a blip on the timeline before dying out, either because they’d been merged with other cultures or just because the people didn’t last long. Lots of undocumented languages exist in the world, as well.”
“Sounds like you have an intimate knowledge of trashy romance novels yourself, so don’t try to act better than me about it,” Castiel replies, trying his damnedest to not let a smirk curl his lips.
“Then take Jo,” Dean replies.
“Drop me off here,” Dean quickly says. “Stop the car Cas, here. Don’t go any closer.”
“Dean,” Castiel softens, squeezing Dean’s hands in return. “This isn’t about learning a lesson.”
“I’m looking for the perfect piece,” she says, looking thoughtfully into the distance. “A shelf? Maybe. I’ll know when I see it.”
The paper catches on fire in Castiel’s hands, incinerating completely, the ashes falling onto his coffee table in a heap. He falls back onto his couch, the pain in his eyes receding and leaving him entirely winded, his chest heaving and fingers shaking. Staring at the ceiling, Castiel processes what he just read. A declaration of some sort? Instructions?
The danger had been iminent.
radio on, alcohol.
Over the weekend he and Sam move the kid’s stuff over to Bobby and Ellen’s. They’re all too happy to receive him and it’s kinda bittersweet, ‘cause Dean’s got a stupid brotherly attachment to him, but it’s good to see that smile
“That part’s anonymous, sir. Now, correct me if I’m wrong, sir, but it looks to me like you’ve laid hands on your boy.”
“Yes it is,” Dean insists. He pulls back, rubbing his arms. His jacket is in his bag and the morning is frosty, layers of it turning the grass they’re standing on white. “Michael asked me if I trusted him and I realized… I didn’t. I couldn’t. Ever. Not with how things were between us. And then-” he runs a hand through his hair, staring at Castiel’s chest. “And then I learned that he was tryna change me, turn me into a “real man”, and it all… just kinda came down on me, y’know? I was an idiot and he duped me and I let it happen, even when you warned me about it.”
“Charlie!” Castiel barks.
The moment he steps out of the cafe, the hairs on the back of his neck stand up again. Keeping his gait slow, Castiel turns his head this way and that to see if anyone is looking at him. It’s a strange sensation, feeling like you’re being watched; even stranger when you can’t see anyone with their eyes on you. Humans have an innate, unexplained sixth sense about outside observation, and it typically isn’t wrong. Strolling leisurely, Castiel decides that he’s probably being paranoid. Between the crazy dreams and meeting with a serial killer every week, he’s surprised he hasn’t covered his apartment in tinfoil.
Smiling wolfishly, Dean sends the man a wink, newly energized. "Why would I have one when we can share yours?"
The passenger door flies open before Castiel even fully stops the car. Startled, Castiel slams on the brakes and throws the car in park, clearly concerned.
“You’re fucking crazy,” Dean whispers, pulse rabbiting in his throat.
“-I just been through a lot-”
The grenade and the rocket hit Michael’s back with so much force it first knocks the wind out of him, and then the explosion brings forth an agonizing, inhuman cry from the archangel. Castiel feels the flesh of his forearms sizzling and burning, the bones breaking with the explosion, but his head and body stay safely cocooned by his wings as he keeps his vice hold on Michael.
. Similar to what he feels towards Dean, but profound in a different way.
Part of that feels… right.
“Castiel,” he replies.
Feeling warm all over from such a heartfelt speech, Dean drops his gaze as his cheeks burn. Clenching his jaw a few times, he fidgets with the napkin in his lap. "And now… without your wife. Are you happy?"
“Caught a new story, brother?” Benny asks as he sets the glass in front of Castiel.
what an encrypted message is. But why would there be anything like that floating around about Pamela Barnes?”
Dean blurts, “I didn’t know you like dudes.”
. But arguments never last and compromise is always reachable.
Castiel smears a hand down his features. “Ever since I started interviewing Dean, I haven’t slept through the night. I…” he licks his lips. “I either have nightmares, or very vivid dreams.”
"I hear ya," Benny says. "But we have to consider the future. He's being charged with aggravated assault. We can pin him on that with evidence. Given the circumstances, we could try for a hate crime.” His eyes shoot to Castiel, whose gut drops, before returning his gaze to Dean’s. “If it goes to trial, I have to ask if you'd be willing to testify in court."
“I like dancing,” Kevin confesses with a whisper, then sighs. “But if my mom knew… she’d disown me. It’s all about advanced calculus and cello solos.”
Castiel’s gut swoops. He was literally just contemplating that yesterday, just wondering why he has no true images of his parents or any memories of anything before he started in college. And even his university memories are a jumbled flashback reel with no specific moments jumping out at him. It’s like the clearest memories he has are from the day…
“Ok, but when you think about undocumented languages, you think of like… rural tribes and nations, right? Or even old people speaking a dying dialect?” She takes a deep drink of coffee. “I did a lot of digging before I passed out and I’m pretty sure in my dreams I bartered for two goats and a carrot from a Peruvian farmer. I don’t even speak Chamicuro. Which is a nearly extinct language, by the way.”
It’s just Dean, in his cage, enrapturing the crowd.
The skies overhead give a threatening rumble.
Oh. Those words came out much easier, and a lot sooner, than he intended. They surprise Dean as well, his eyes widening and lips parting.
He sits, his body feeling like lead.
“So- what, when he’s all fixed up he’ll leave the nest?”
“‘Good as it’ll ever be’ is the best we’ve got on a good day,” Dean says, trying to inject some humor into his voice. “Who are we if we don’t fake it til’ we make it?”
“I don’t wanna kill someone just to save my life,” he says.
Twenty minutes later Castiel is wearing sweatpants and a t-shirt, standing at the stove. Benny knocks twice before entering, his boots clattering as he inhales in such an exaggerated manner Castiel can hear from the kitchen.
He hears his mom’s voice. Internally groaning at how worried she’s going to be, Dean pulls the ice pack away from his face so he can look up at where she’s speed walking down the hallway. She’s pretty as ever, golden hair pinned away from her face, wearing jeans and a t-shirt, meaning she’d been out in the yard when she got the call.
Ducking his head to hide his smile, Dean takes a moment to gather himself before playfully knocking Castiel’s hands away from his shoulders. “Yeah, yeah, alright.”
Dean recoils, the anger and frustration on his father’s face unlike anything he’s seen. Next to him, Sam is trembling like a leaf. Dropping their bags into the footwell, Dean brings Sam into his chest, wrapping his arms protectively around him. Sam’s gangly and reedy, all knees and elbows, but he curls into Dean perfectly, his face pressed into Dean’s neck.
conversation. This is you tryna get information outta me regarding all the shit I did and if we’re gonna have it, I gotta edit it so that you understand. Because if ghouls and monsters and ghosts are off the table…” Dean’s gaze drops to the D-ring where his chains are pulled taut. “...then that makes
“Holy shit,” he whispers.
That’s not a flaw at all.
“Yeah, and like he’s got a big selection to choose from,” Sam finally pipes up. “Red flannel? Blue flannel? Baggy pants? Dark baggy pants? Cowboy boots.”
“Dude, he’s never interviewed before. He’s iced everyone out. Last I read he’s attending some fancy lawyer college in California and basically pretends like his brother isn’t locked up in maximum security.”
"I'm not exactly the best judge of character, Cas." A pause. "I think… he's telling a partial truth."
"You're real nosy, buddy," Dean says, an edge to his voice. "And before you go making assumptions, I'm not homeless or anything, OK?"
“I’ll go with you when you send them off,” the boy offers. “We can make faster work and get ‘em outta there before the cops come sniffing around again.”
Finally, he looks at his mom.
“I think… I think I’m going crazy,” he confesses, eyes shut tight. “These interviews with you have been pointless. I don’t have anything resembling a story. All of the research I’ve done on you doesn’t make sense. You and your brother dodge my questions and when he-” he sucks in a breath. Slowly, he wipes his hands down his face and then pulls his temples back with his fingers, looking at Dean through slitted eyelids. “Sam was in my
“He’s very at peace, y’know,” she says with a soft smile. She sets the glasses down to take Dean’s hands in hers, leveling his gaze. “Castiel has spent so much time alone. I think maybe he could use some company today.”
“Yeah, whoring out your boy pussy for cash!” John kicks at Dean’s side, winding him. “You think I don’t notice when things come into this house? Sam’s shiny new Playstation and your damn Whole Foods groceries?”
“You look good today, Cas,” Dean comments, his gaze roving over Castiel’s features - across his face, down his neck, to the decidedly casual outfit of a v-neck and well-fitting jeans. His eyes linger on Castiel’s biceps. “Casual Friday?”
Instead… he lets Dean live.
He’s attracted to Dean. It’s not the end of the world. Every day he’s less sure of the fact that Dean is a psychopath his attraction grows. Attraction. Attachment? No. He can’t be attached to a man on death row. There’s a good chance they won’t be able to find anything and Dean will be sent to sleep.
What has he done that could be considered noteworthy?
“By asking her first, obviously,” his brother replies, irritated.
Dean flushes. "Yeah. That part I was unsure about." He lifts a hand, running it through his still damp hair. "I just… I've always been interested in dancing. And I wasn't allowed to do it growing up- not like how I wanted to. So I taught myself in private. YouTube videos and stuff y'know? And this isn't- this ain't one of those romantic dance movies where a kid has a passion for dance and then goes off and like, wins a competition or saves someone's life or whatever. I just-" he frowns at the table. "I just wanna dance."
Castiel adjusts the reading glasses on the bridge of his nose idly. “The type of investigations I do aren’t built strictly upon interviews. I spend most of my time doing research and digging for information that isn’t easily accessible. Sometimes that leads me to talk to people, but I keep it to the bare necessities.”
“Dean,” Michael struggles to sit up by propping himself with one hand, using the other to plug his nose. He coughs up a clot, then glares. “You can’t leave me.”
"Look at me," Castiel says softly.
yet. And when we don’t see something, it’s not
Gone.
"Then perhaps we can start off as friends?"
When Dean pulls into the driveway he puts the car in park, letting it idle. He stares straight ahead at the garage door, hands in a white-knuckled grip on the steering wheel. John still says nothing.
. The you from our world would have thought twice about that.”
“I’ll live,” Castiel tries to say sarcastically, but the facetiousness of his words plops onto the concrete in a gloopy crimson pile.
“It ain’t like that,” Dean quickly says, some of his bravado leaving him. The tone of his voice causes Castiel to pause. “People wanna know my story, right?
“Domestic partners,” she corrects, though not unkindly. “Fifteen years.” He lets out a soft hum. “You?”
At that, he’d basically apparated in and out of the alley.
far away from us. This time you’re-” Dean scrubs a hand over his mouth, looking fraught. “You’re
Blushing hotly, Sam crosses his arms tightly over his chest. “Just kill me instead.”
“S’fine, Cas,” the boy says. He looks like he wants to say something more, and then settles on, “Goodnight.”
In Kevin’s room, it’s also neat and orderly, freakishly so for a fourteen year old boy.
“You’d be this old with Jimmy,” Benny says with a chuckle. He takes a bite of his steak,
Confused, because dad never hugs, Dean awkwardly pats him on the back. “What’s goin’ on, dad?”
“I know what that means to you,” Castiel murmurs softly. “I called to ask about work and something else.”
“We live together. We moved in together before we even fully knew each other. We’re bound to cross the line sometimes. That’s another thing I won’t hold against you. Something I
“Depends on where you were,” Charlie says, switching gears. She downs half her coffee and opens up the muffin box. “Did you notice any cameras?”
Pulling away, he presses a sweet, soft kiss to her cheek. “Happy Mother’s day, Daphne.”
He comes back to himself. He’s on his knees, sobbing, Dr. Barne’s hands on his shoulders as she keeps him from completely falling over. He’s clutching to the hem of her scrubs, nearly howling in his grief, his voice shattering and cracking. His entire face is wet. His body is hot. He feels faint. There’s no way this is real, there’s no way his wife and his son are-
Castiel works his jaw a few times, shaking his head, massaging his right temple idly. “Tinnitus.” He stands up. “Perhaps I need more sleep. I think I’m developing a migraine.”
exhausted. He slumps a little, leaning against the tiled wall, which isn’t even cool because the temperature of the water is so hot. His temple rests against the wall as well, his eyes closing as he forces himself to take a few deep, calming breaths.
"Dean," he choked out weakly. "The… the Empty is coming for me…" Miraculously, he stated it as a fact, without a trace of fear.
But this… Helping Dean- this counts. This is a purpose.
Two feet away, John stops and says to the ground, “Hello, son.”
"I did," the man says. Without his trench coat Dean can see his body better; broad shoulders and chest, thick forearms where his sleeves are rolled up. His hair looks windswept despite the wetness in the strands, his five o'clock shadow bordering on salt-n-pepper scruff. His eyes are as pretty as the morning sky. "I'm Castiel Novak."
“There was an accident,” Dr. Barnes says. “We need you to come to the hospital immediately.”
Heaving a sigh, Castiel buries his face in his hands. His shoulders are heavy from where Sam’s palms squeezed him, comforted him. His eyes are sore from… crying? No. From
Squinting into the crowd, Dean asks, "How."
"Pourin' cats n' dogs!" Dean hoots as he enters the kitchen. He wipes himself down with the towel with a thankful smile, then sits on a stool, drying his hair. "Cocoa?" He asks, hopefully.
"I was tryna do something new, too," Dean admits, uncrossing his arms. "Didn't turn out too good."
“Well Cas probably won’t be home for a while and I know sometimes you don’t like being home alone,” she says. What she says is a fact, something he’s confided in her, but that she says it now is mildly confusing.
Vanished.
Jo takes pity on him for a split second, patting his shoulder and then ruining it all by saying, “She’s going with Brady.”
“Thank you!” They chirp, beaming at him before returning to their conversation.
John,” he hangs up. He has no idea how things are gonna work when John’s out of jail and finally comes home--home to the house that Dean and Sam have lovingly restored back to its warmth and glory from when their mom was alive, love in the air and comfort in every corner. In fact, it’s something that Dean actively tries
“I do not,” Castiel says.
“Enjoying the show?” he asks with a bit of a grumble. He starts stepping into his pants, then loses his balance when one of the kids shoves him into the lockers. His face smashes against the top closed locker, pain blossoming through his nose. “Fuck-!”
Charlie takes a deep whiff of the air. “Well, you don’t stink, and your apartment doesn’t stink, so at least there’s that.”
“The day you and I met, it was raining.”
In the midst of it all, next to Castiel Dean catches his gaze, warmth and love shining in his eyes, contentment radiating off of him. Castiel feels himself bouncing it right back to him. Under the table Dean catches his hand, giving it a warm squeeze.
“Hello?” he answers, voice gruff and ragged.
“Fuck,” Castiel breathes out, standing up. His whole body is hot, like the clothes on his skin are close to igniting. He's reading the words on the paper but it sounds like they're being broadcasted directly into his brain.
“It looks great honey,” Mary placates as she puts the laundry basket on the kitchen table.
“About…?” Charlie’s voice is concerned as she finishes doing whatever she’d been occupied with. She stands next to Castiel, putting a hand on his bicep.
