"Okay, I still need to tinker." Tony made grabby hands at the arm and Bucky took it off to hand it back. He started to walk away but slowed before he left the area completely. "Make yourselves at home. Like I said, your area's still all set up Steve but if there's anything else you need or want just ask FRIDAY."
Steve nodded. “Let’s all do it. Might as well see what he says.”
“We have to get you cleaned up. It’ll make you feel better, okay?” Steve picked Indy up and held him over the tub to lower him in.
“Wanna help me set the table, sweetheart?” Steve asked.
Bucky looked down at the little boy beside him. “I’m going to help your Papa and Dad with their work. When we’re done you can come see us okay? But I need you to be good right now and listen to me.” The elevator door opened and Bucky could see Happy in the idling car not far away. Indy pulled out of his grip.
“I was bad,” Tony answered weakly.
“Of course I’ll help,” Bucky replied. He tore the corner off of the package and handed it back to the boy who seemed to be getting more into it and easily tore the rest of the wrap off.
“Hand him over. I’ll feed him before I put my shirt on.” He took Luca from Steve and sat at the head of the bed leaning against the headboard. Steve went to sit on the other side next to him and slid a pillow under Tony’s arm so he could rest the arm that was supporting Luca. Luca started feeding almost immediately and Tony smiled down at him. “He’s the hungriest little boy I’ve ever seen,” Tony told his husband. Steve laughed and rested his head on Tony’s shoulder, also looking down at Luca.
Steve returned with one of Indy’s books and sat on the coffee table across from the sofa.
“Look who’s here, Indy,” Tony said, still trying to wipe the tears away and look presentable. Indy turned his head.
“Talk to us, kiddo. Tell us what’s bothering you,” Bucky said.
“I just got a text from Natasha. They’re in the building.” Tony nodded.
“So, you thought you should buy him his own?” Tony asked, giving Bucky a disbelieving look.
Tony smiled. He held his hand over Indy’s keeping it in place. “Yeah, sweetheart. Nothing could ever change that.” Indy nodded agreeably and laid himself against Tony’s chest.
“For ah-ma?” Indy questioned.
“Okay, Nat come with us. Clint hide somewhere and keep an eye out. Bruce, I don’t really want the big guy making an appearance so,” Tony trailed off.
Steve put him in Tony’s arms. Tony took him but added, “You can hold him longer if you want.”
“Hi. Steve Rogers. And yes, this is Indy. Sweetheart, can you say hi to Ms. Scott? She came to hang out with us for a bit.”
“Hey sweet boy.” Steve reached out and ran a finger down his cheek.
“Okay. Tony, we should take a moment here,” Steve fidgeted, turning to aim his body more  toward Tony where the other man sat next to him. “We, uh, we never really talked about kids. And now, suddenly, there’s one living with us.” Steve trailed off looking down at where his hand held Tony’s.
“Yes,” Tony nodded. He took the peppers from Steve and slid the cutting board closer to himself. Steve handed him a knife.
“Look, either tell me or I ask JARVIS but I’d prefer you just answer me.”
“Buppy!” He exclaimed when Bucky came into view, little hands waving frantically at him.
“Well, yes. But slow down, Tony. We’ll start with necessities today. Diapers, clothes, bath stuff.”
“Tony, try and calm down before you talk to him. He’s gonna be fine when you tell him you’ll always be his dad,” Steve said, the baby now sleeping in his arms.
“I’m sorry I got mad at you,” Tony said urgently. “Don’t leave, please.” Tony reached out a hand and Steve met it with his own halfway, lacing their fingers together in a tight grip.
“I’m sorry, Luca, I’m sorry,” Tony cried. Steve sighed, tears welling in his own eyes.
“Poppy sleep,” Indy said sternly, copying the tone and look that his parents give him when they want him to listen. “Santa has to come and I’ll be mad if you don’t sleep,” he continued.
"Buck said I should see it. He said everyone should see it at least once."
“Papa said, Buppy. Papa said Santa needs a list.” Indy whined, looking at Steve for confirmation.
Twenty minutes later Tony walked in to the kitchen where Steve and Bucky were sitting on the chairs around the kitchen island, a couple menus spread out in front of them.
“We didn’t mean to,” Steve replied, not wanting to get into a fight with his three year old.
“One,” he said. “Swim.” Tony looked to Steve for the translation.
“You left,” Tony said sadly.
“Don’t call my son a bug,” Tony added, mock offended. Steve was standing up to go to the kitchen but leaned down to look at Tony.
“Left,” he said simply.
“Hey. To what do I owe the pleasure?” Tony sat back in his seat giving Steve his full attention, but Steve could see underneath the facade to the stress and worry.
Indy threw his arms up immediately and Steve grabbed the towel and pulled Indy out and into his arms. He sat on the closed toilet lid with his son in his lap because he and Tony had come up with a routine for after bath time where they talked about how it wasn’t bad. Steve started to gently rub Indy’s hair with the towel. “All done. You were such a good boy, sweetheart. And you were safe the whole time, huh? Nothing bad happened, right?”  Indy nodded. Tony stuck his head in the door way.
“No, please,” he said even though he looked on curiously as everyone else put on theirs.
“The child is Hydra’s,” she replied, avoiding his question. Iron Man stepped into the room, hand outstretched and repulser ready.
Steve whipped around, ripping his arm out of Tonys grip. “You need to stop,” he told him.
“Steve, need Steve,” he replied breathlessly. He closed his eyes, squeezing them shut and tried not to freak out Indy.
“You should be here soon?” Bucky nodded.
“You wanna go see Daddy, bug?”
“Hey, everything okay?”
“All right, man. Have fun,” Clint smirked and waved as he left Steve’s quarters.
“Keep that on there,” Steve said, pushing the ice pack onto his arm because Tony kept moving it away.
“Hey, can you guys look after Indy and the baby for a little while? Tony just called us down to the lab.”
Steve was sitting in the rocking chair in Indy’s room with the boy still in his arms. “I know. I couldn’t put him down once I got in here. What if he wakes up and he’s scared because he’s alone?”
“Bed.”
Kind of a short chapter but at least it’s something :)
“Take things that aren’t yours without asking,” Bucky elaborated. Indy nodded again. “Okay. You want this?” Bucky held up the bag containing their toy store purchase. Indy stood from his chair and jumped up and down.
“Better,” Tony said right away. “It feels right.”
“No,” Steve said as soon as he saw him. Peter stopped.
Steve gasped. “Yeah,” he managed. Bucky hung up, though it killed him to do so.
“You were strapped to the bed by your wrists and ankles?” Annie asked to which the boy nodded again. “Thank you for telling me that, Indy. I’m sorry that happened to you. Can you show your Papa how you put one of the pieces on the board?” Grateful for the distraction the boy leaned forward and tried to find the spot that his puzzle piece would fit into.
“Hey, can I come in?”
He made his way to the kitchen and grabbed a banana and an orange out of the fruit bowl and then headed to the elevator. “You wanna see my workshop? I have a little bit of work to get done so you can hang out with me until Steve or Bucky come looking.”
Bucky shrugged. “I’ll try.”
“He’s okay,” Steve whispered. Bucky put his hand on his shoulder.
When the jet landed and they were jostled with the bump Tony woke up and blinked sleepily at Steve.
"Right, let's see then," Tony reached out and put his hand near the shoulder, feeling where the skin met metal. He expected Bucky to react but he didn't so much as flinch. He moved his fingers down the metal feeling and trying to get a gage as to how they made it work. The damage was just below the crease where the elbow would be and Tony could see it was pretty extensive.
Tony ambled into the kitchen, eyes half open and hair askew, dragging in an equally rumpled and tired Indy hand in hand.
“No Steve,” Tony responded loudly, startling the boy in his lap who looked up quickly at his dad.  “Sorry baby,” Tony whispered to his son.
“What?” Steve questioned.
“She’s just going to be in the communal living area with him. JARVIS will still be able to tell us if he really needs us, but if all he needs are some cuddles and a diaper change Pepper can handle that so we can talk.” Tony relaxed slightly so Steve lessened his grip on Tony.
“Yes,” Tony yelled at him, turning quickly and punching Steve’s bicep. Tony stumbled a little at the force he put behind it and Steve didn’t budge.
“Where’s all the stuff I saw you grabbing?” Steve asked suspiciously.
“Thank you,” he whispered sincerely.  He sent a text to Fury that Bucky was coming in place of him and then forwarded Fury’s location text to Barnes. “Just, be careful. And don’t let Fury order you around. You don’t work for Shield and you don’t even work for the Avengers so do what you think is right. All that matters is bringing Steve home.”
“I would love to spend some time with Luca, Steve. Tomorrow’s fine.”
“You remember who I am?” Clint asked. Tony mumbled something which neither man heard.
His uniform had blood splatters all over it and Tony couldn’t help but stare.
“Not yet, Sweetheart. Annie will tell you when,” he chuckled. Indy huffed and fell back against Steve’s chest with a pout.
“Thank you,” Indy said, squeezing the plush in his arms. Steve kissed him on the forehead.
“Hi, darling,” Tony smiled.
“That’s mine, you can’t have it,” she screeched. Bucky saw the mother approaching now.
Indy pointed at it. “For baby.”
“You see all the big buildings, baby? And the trees, and people.” Indy pointed, looked at Steve, then back out the window. Steve chuckled. “Lot’s going on out there, huh?”
“All done,” Bruce announced, making sure to sound extra nice and happy about it. Tony released his hold on the boy and Indy ran straight into Steve’s knees, grasping at whatever he could to climb up, and aiming a particularly calculated smack to Bruce’s arm which happened to be the closest part of the doctor to him.
“What?” Steve asked.
Steve smiled. “Come here, sweetheart. Bucky will open that for you but come sit with me for a second.” Steve and Tony were seated on the sofa and Bucky sat himself on the floor near them to open the box the doll came in. Indy stepped up to Steve and put his arms out when he got close. Steve scooped him up and sat him on his lap. “Bucky said that you wanted the baby to be safe earlier. And that the baby was a friend?” Indy nodded. “Did you know a baby before, sweetheart? Before Bucky took you away, was there a baby that you wanted to be safe?” Indy’s brow furrowed as he thought about that.
“And there it is,” Steve laughed, referring to the nickname.
Tony let out a small whine but shook his head. Steve kissed his temple and then sat him on the bathroom counter. He wet a washcloth in warm water, rang out the excess and then looked at Tony. “Let’s get you cleaned up, huh?”  Tony nodded, taking in a stuttering breath. Steve wiped his face, neck and hands down with the cloth and then set it aside. He pushed Tony’s hair back where it was stuck to his forehead and sighed.
“Da,” Indy exclaimed excitedly, patting the box with his hand.
“Let’s get you dressed, kiddo.” He kept Indy standing on the bed and took off his t-shirt and shorts. Indy bounced on his toes as Bucky pulled the short sleeve white button-up shirt onto him. “Excited, huh?” He asked the boy.
Happy pulled out of the garage and started driving them to the nearest mall. Tony turned slightly in his seat so he could see Indy. “This isn’t so bad, is it?”  Indy was staring out of the window with a look of wonder that temporarily stopped the tears. Steve moved closer to him, leaning his face close to Indy’s while also looking out of the window.
“Are you mad?” Steve asked finally and Tony sighed.
“Shut up,” Steve said but punctuated it with a quick kiss.
“Okay, okay.” Tony spread his hands in surrender. Steve was trying to sit up so Tony helped maneuver Indy off to the side and Steve to sit up. He signed the papers quickly. “You’re going to listen to me and Bucky and Bruce though when we’re home. Got it? You’re still not at 100% and you need to take care of yourself.”
Steve had a thought and pulled out his phone to text Clint. -Can you pick him up a teddy bear too? Please.-
“It’s okay either way. Let’s go get cleaned up.” Steve walks to the bathroom and Tony grabbed him another pair of pajama pants and boxers. Steve washed himself with a washcloth and soap and dried with a towel Tony handed him and then Tony helped him get the clothes on. “You wanna go see your boy?” Steve smiled.
“I don’t really know how to guess kids ages, but she can hold her head up on her own. But, if she was maybe only a couple months or so when Indy met her then that would put her around 6 now.”
“Well, no one’s forcing you to stay with me, Tony!” Steve snapped. “If I’m so awful then I shouldn’t be your boyfriend.” Tony stumbled back as if he’d been physically hit and Steve let out a small gasp at the realization of what he said. “I’m not leaving you,” he blurted out quickly. “We’re not breaking up,” he added. Tony shook his head, sitting on the stool at the work table. Tony was looking down at his lap and Steve couldn’t tell if he was crying or not. “Tony?” He walked over to the other man and put his hands on his shoulders. He didn’t get an answer. “We  let this fight go too far, sweetheart. We both said things we didn’t mean, but I’m sorry.” He pulled Tony to him and brought his arms around Tonys back to hug him but Tony started to struggle. Steve loosened his hold but didn’t let go. “I love you, Tony.”
“I Love Da,” the boy replied, squirming when Steve tried to pull him back. “Stay, Papa,” Indy protested.
“Yeah, Tony. When we said home, we meant our home, not your home with your mom and dad. Where me and Bucky and Natasha and Clint live. And you. You live here with us,” Steve told him. He knew his memories must be mixed up, he knew who they were but seemed to expect that the Avengers would be dropping him off with his parents. He didn’t want to have that conversation with a four year old, but he also wanted to tell him enough that he might somewhat understand what was actually happening here.
“Yeah,” Steve sighed. He leaned forward kissing Indy’s head and gripping Bucky’s shoulder for a second. “You go back upstairs with Bucky and relax, okay? Daddy and I will be home in a little bit.”  Indy nodded, but didn’t remove himself from his spot against Bucky.
“Buppy, here,” he pointed at the seat next to him.
“Mm-hmm,” Steve nodded seriously and Tony laughed. He had changed into a pair of jeans and still had his shirt off. He made grabby hands at Steve.
“Get her paperwork done. She’s got a name now,” Steve replied.
“What? No. No, Tony, god,” Steve sighed and pulled Tony into a hug. It was so unexpected in that moment that Tony stumbled forward, falling into Steve’s chest. “When Indy’s sad, like at bath time, it makes sense. He’s been through hell and he’s going to have issues and all we can do is help him best we can. That I can do. I want to help him. And sure, I feel bad when he does but I can be strong for him.” Steve paused and pushed Tony back so he could look at him.
“Yeah, for you,” Peter said as if he understood. “Look.”  Peter stuck his hand in and pulled out a bright royal blue teddy bear. “It’s a new friend!” Luca’s eyes were wide as he stared at the bear that was almost the size he was. “It’s a Captain America bear.” He showed the boy the small red white and blue picture of the shield on the bears foot.  Luca reached for it, leaning away from Tony to grab the bear, so Tony adjusted the boy on his lap. Peter placed the bear against Luca’s chest and he hugged it instantly. Peter leaned closer and kissed Luca’s forehead then sat back and finally focused on Tony.
“Stuffies!” Indy answered excitedly. “Papa and Da,” Indy explained holding them out so Bucky could look closer.
“What happened?” Indy’s head shot up at hearing his Papa’s voice and he cried out for him.
“Well I hope you love them too because he seemed to want to do them with you,” Steve told him.
“Hello to you too,” Steve replied as he turned toward Tony, who stepped in close to kiss his cheek.
Tony couldn’t sleep. He was too keyed up over the events of the day. Too excited to have Steve back safe in his arms. And, if he was being honest, still worried about the drug coursing through his boyfriends system that was blocking the serum. Steve was snoring softly, his face buried in Tony’s side right below his armpit because at some point he had shifted and slid down the bed a little. Indy was lower than that, held tightly against Steve’s stomach and also sound asleep. Tony was glad Indy was getting more rest. All he had managed over the past few days were fitful naps here and there, and they never lasted long enough to be useful.
“Uh, he didn’t have a name from Hydra. I’ve been with him over a week, preparing to drive here so I had to call him something,” Bucky shrugged.
“Papa,” he said sadly, reaching his arms out around the bears in his lap.
Steve placed the tray down on the coffee table near the sofa and scooped a large helping into one bowl and brought it over to Bucky, placing the bowl on the table and putting the fork in his good hand.
“Yeah, Santa came and brought gifts for you and Poppy. You wanna come with me to wake up Daddy and then we can go see?” Indy yawned and nodded so Steve pulled the blankets back and picked him up. Indy clung on to Steve instantly and he brought him into his and Tony’s room. Tony was sprawled out on his back sound asleep. “Here, you wake up Dad,” Steve said with a smirk as he placed Indy onto the bed next to Tony.
Steve, Peter and Natasha were now sitting in the living room with cups of coffee, watching the livestream and waiting for the message that they hoped came through soon. Steve paced.
“That shouldn’t be your problem to deal with,” Bucky called from where he walked into the room behind them, but he offered a sheepish smile.
“She’s peeing,” Tony sighed. “It’s okay, baby. It’s not your fault.” He patted her back gently and she started to squirm and whine as what happened set in.
“Steve,” Tony whimpered.
Steve rolled his eyes. Indy had been very interested in helping take care of Poppy lately and playing with her to keep her occupied and happy.
JARVIS woke Steve with an announcement that Pepper was at the door. “Let her in,” he said tiredly. “How long were we asleep?”
“Yeah,” Tony answered. He pulled his feet up to stretch out on the sofa next to him and  grabbed the discarded blanket that Indy had been using earlier and pulled it over himself. He realized none of it would cover Steve if he laid that way and started to move but Steve held him in place with a hand around his back, palm pressing down on his shoulder.
“I’m sorry, Steve. So sorry.” Tony looked like he was about to cry and Steve ached to hold him. “I love you. We love you. Whatever happens, just know that. And I’m sorry,” he choked out. The woman stepped back into frame.
“Yup, it’s a llama. For you to keep so you have your very own when Papa reads you the story.” Indy squeezed it to his chest tightly. He looked back to Steve holding it out excitedly.
“Call me if you need this again, or anything else. Got it?” Pepper ordered. They both thanked her and she left the two men to relax with their son.
“Uh, just for background, ‘no please’ was one of the few things he could say when Bucky found him and brought him to us. His vocabulary was very limited, but he could say that and ‘safe’ and a few other things. I think he understood more than he could actually say because he always seemed to understand things but he’s learned a lot very quickly and can say a lot more now. Can’t you?” Steve bounced Indy once on his lap.
Steve entered Indy’s room and Indy was still asleep under his blanket curled around his new stuffed reindeer. He sat on the edge of the bed and ran his hand up and down his sons back hoping to wake him gently. When he started to stir Steve said “Good morning, sweetheart. Merry Christmas.”
Steve pulled Tony toward him and hugged him tight. “I know he needs this. I hate that he has to go through it but he’s a tough kid. It is what he needs.”
“Hey Tater Tot,” Tony called softly, hoping not to scare him. Indy’s head whipped up.
A little while later, as Luca dozed in Steve’s arms, Tony began to wake. He moaned and Steve stopped his pacing and went to Tony’s side, grabbing his hand and squeezing it gently.
Tony rolled his eyes. Of course they were. -Come by the compound tomorrow morning, 10am.
Tony agreed. “I think it will good for him. And we might learn some things that we really should know.” Tony took Steve’s hand in his. “Come on.” He led them to the living room where Indy was showing Bucky how his llama can ride on a toy car. “Time to go, Munchkin. Say goodbye to Bucky.” Indy put the car on the coffee table but held his llama tight as he ran into Bucky’s knees and grabbed on tight.
"We'll do it, Tony. All of it."
“Indy needs his Papa and I- ,” Tony couldn’t finish his sentence when his voice broke but Bucky knew.
“Well, that was very nice of him,” Steve said with a smile toward his friend.
“Steve, come get your son so I can save this pancake,” Tony called out. Steve came over laughing but took Indy right away so Tony could finish cooking. It was definitely more browned than the others but not too bad. Definitely salvageable with enough syrup.
“All for you,” he agreed, running hand over his sons head gently.
“Papa,” Indy interrupted. “More juice.” He handed Steve a cranberry juice bottle. “Need it,” he told Steve really seriously like Bucky had earlier.
"Go upstairs," Tony said tightly. Bucky glanced between the two men.
“Okay, Indy.” Steve said. “No bath right now. We’re just going to have breakfast, okay?” He’d have that fight after when they had no choice. He got and grabbed a box of cereal, milk and bowls for him and Tony, hoping to distract Indy. “Eat up,” he said to his son as he slid a bowl to Tony. They poured their own cereal and ate while helping Indy get oatmeal into his mouth.
“I won’t come back without him. I promise.” It was Tony’s turn to nod.
"I do. But, FRIDAY can have a digital copy sent to your phone in seconds, you can read them whenever you want," Tony assured him.
Steve laughed. “Okay, buddy, be nice though. Santa’s gonna come.” Indy spared him a glance but then looked at the baby. He leaned forward and gave her a hug.
“I’m sorry I broke things and yelled.” Tony sniffled and let out a small sob. Steve scooped him up in a big hug.
“He’s upset,” Bucky said.
"You have a captive audience," Tony replied.
“In a good way, I hope,” Steve said, unable to keep some of the insecurity out of his voice. “I like being domestic with you.”
“He only played with the purple one, but he showed me how he swims in the water.”
“It’s not dumb at all after what you just went through. I just thought I’d give you guys some family time but if you want me to hang around,” he shrugged. Indy, who was watching him speak, patted the bed next to him in invitation. Bucky laughed. “I’ll stay in the room but I’m declining that invitation, kiddo. There’s no room for me there.” He bent down to kiss Indy’s head quickly then pulled a chair over next to the bed and sat there instead, kicking his feet up onto the end of Steve’s bed.
“It is pretty damn perfect,” Steve agreed, kissing Tony’s forehead.
“Buppy help,” Indy clapped.
“Looks like you have the magic touch, huh?” Steve said as he walked back in to the room.
“I will,” Bucky replied, leaving no doubt he would do all he could.
Tony laughed and ruffled the little boys hair.  “Let’s go home.”
“Right here. I’m right here. I’m gonna take you home.”
“It won’t,” Tony agreed, although they both knew he didn’t have much control over that promise. “We love you, too.”
Tony led Steve back to their bed and helped him get situated. “Do you want anything before you go to sleep? Water? A snack?”
Peter smiled. “I got us some cereal because I can’t cook.” He put down the box and bowls he had in his hands and ran back for the milk.
Bucky smiled. “Hey, kiddo.” Bucky lifted the boy out of Steve’s arms when Steve offered him up. Indy threw his arms around Bucky’s neck and hugged tight. Bucky kissed the side of Indy’s head that he could reach with his lips.
“Yeah. I’ll do it first thing,” Tony replied.
“Oh.”
“Pa hurt,” Indy pointed at him.
“Uh-huh and you were right, I think it made him feel better.” Bucky looked back at Steve with a glare but shook his head, biting back the smile.
“We good in here?”
“It’s fine. I just don’t want you to get sick on top of everything else. Wait til we can wash your hands.” Tony seemed okay with that plan and wrapped his hands in the end of his shirt instead.
"Hi, Tony," Steve said softly to fill the silence first. Tony nodded, glancing briefly at Barnes who stood there as awkwardly as Tony felt.
“Fluffy?” Tony asked indignantly.
“Okay, mom,” Steve teased, earning himself a soft swat on the back of his head as Bucky passed by him. “Have you given him chicken noodle soup before?”
“Mm, I’m irresistible,” Tony answered but his eyes were already drooping.
“Come here you.” He reached out and pulled his son toward him and lifted him onto his lap and hugged him, the bears squished between them. “That’s very sweet. Dad’s going to love his bear. Now, did you tell Auntie Pepper thank you for buying them?” Indy nodded and Steve glanced at her to double check but she nodded and winked knowingly.
“I’m sorry,” Tony said, “It’s just the perfect Christmas Eve. And,” Tony shrugged as much as he could while laying across Steve, “it’s just, it seems crazy that I have this now and I love it. I love you. And our little family. Even Bucky, God help me.” Tony cracked a smile saying that so Steve let himself laugh.
“Yeah, what’s happening?”
“At me?” Tony asked softly.
The baby in the cot was young, a few months old maybe, and it looked up at Tony with wide eyes. “Hey Bambino. Not gonna hurt you, I promise,” he whispered. He reached in and picked the baby up realizing that it had no clothes on, just the blanket loosely wrapped around it’s body. He bundled it up tighter and held it to his chest. “Is it a boy or a girl?” Tony asked. The Hydra agent threw him a disbelieving look and didn’t respond. “You really gonna make me check beneath the blanket?” Tony added. Bucky took a step forward so the gun was closer to make his point.
“Natasha, call Fury and Coulson, tell them what’s happening and get them here now. We need to see if they know who these bastards are so we can get a jump on it.” She was already pulling out her phone but squeezed his shoulder once reassuringly. With orders issued and not much else to do Steve deflated. He slumped onto the sofa next to Bruce and stared at the screen as Tony spoke to their son, telling him to eat as much as possible, and even more heartbreaking, that Papa would save them soon. Steve swiped at the tears that formed in his eyes.
“He loves that llama, Buck.”
Steve sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose between his fingers. “Let’s hear it.”
“Not Barnes,” Tony agreed. “Steve’s.” He looked up at his partner who was staring at him dumbfounded. “It’s your kid, Steve. Biologically, anyway.”
"Only one way to find out, boss. Although I'm not advocating for that decision."
“Good night, buddy,” Steve said, leaning in and pressing a soft kiss on his sons cheek. They laid there quietly for awhile as Indy’s breath evened out and they were sure he was asleep. Steve met Tony’s gaze and smiled. “I have a son.”
“I’m just so angry, Tony.”
“Nope. This’ll be new for him probably,” Bucky said as he took a bite from his own bowl.
“Please, please, please call me Steve. How many times do I have to ask, huh?” Steve ruffled his hair. “And I’m glad you answered, I’m sure Tony wanted to talk to Luca more than me anyway.” Steve leant down and kissed the top of Luca’s head and Luca tried to look around for the source, looking left and right, but couldn’t figure out where the feeling had come from. Tony laughed.
“Okay, I’ll meet you when you land.”
“Okay,” Annie replied, jotting some notes in her notebook. “Here,” she pushed the puzzle towards the boy and sat up straight reaching out right away grabbing the wooden puzzle pieces and pulling them off the board. “Do you like cars and trucks?” She asked, gesturing to the image on the puzzle.
“You know why you had to be in timeout right?”
“I’m watching, Peter. You need to sleep.” Steve squeezed the boys knee.
The baby, at this point, had enough of not having Tony’s full attention and let out a sob, pushing back against Steve to show her displeasure. “Okay, I know,” Steve placated.
Steve looked back at Fury. “Get the fuck out of our home and do whatever you can to bring them back to me because if Shield messes this up I will kill you.” Fury said nothing but walked off to the elevator. Coulson hesitated as if he was going to say something but looked at Natasha instead and gave her a nod which she returned and then he left as well. Steve didn’t have it in him to question that at the moment.
Steve and Tony cuddled Indy who was lying between them in their bed. They hadn’t even tried putting him in his own bed since he had been clingy since the llama incident. The blanket Pepper gave him was spread over the three of them. Tony had his hand resting on Indy’s tummy, thumb rubbing soothingly back and forth.
“Thank you, Pepper. Both of you. I know you’d be here for Tony no matter what but I’m grateful you’re here,” Steve told him sincerely. Pepper stepped forward and kissed the top of his head.
“Pa,” Indy said pointing to the bag.
“Okay?” Tony returned his attention to Steve. “When we get the list we’ll go over it, figure something out. Good?”
“So Indy, like I said before, this is Steve.” Indy looked up from his bear to Steve. “He’s your dad, do you know what that is?” Indy looked at him seemingly confused. “It means you’re his  little boy,” Bucky added. “And he’s going to take care of you.”
“With no product,” Steve clarified. “It’s soft. And fluffy.” He fixed a stray piece behind Tony’s ear and then leaned in to kiss him softly on the lips.
“Okay, we love you,” Steve said. “Call me later if you can, doesn’t matter what time.”
Steve and Tony looked at each other. “You think there was some baby he was trying to protect before maybe? From Hydra,” Steve ventured.
“Yeah,” Indy answered happily, not putting too much thought into any of that. “Poppy’s family now.”
“No, stop,” Tony pouted, pushing Steve’s hands off his body and turning his back to him.
“Tony?”
“You are,” Steve insisted immediately. “Never doubt that, Tony.” Tony shrugged his shoulder that wasn’t smushed into the sofa.
Steve chose that moment to come back down, arms full of a large tray carrying a serving bowl and 3 smaller bowls, utensils and napkins.
“Whatever you want Buck, we’ll be around if you change your mind. But have a good night if we don’t see you.” Steve knew Bucky still felt awkward sometimes staying in their spare room. They told him he could stay there as long as he wanted since he wasn’t entirely comfortable having the baby in his own quarters yet, but he still felt like he was intruding sometimes.
“You could have died,” Steve said painfully.
“Thank you. Keep me posted.”
“What’s wrong?” Tony asked, instantly worried.
“Just sit next to the kid, it’s his birthday. He chooses,” Tony said, and nodded at the seat when Bucky seemed reluctant to move.
“Mine,” he said, holding up the red bear. “For Da,” he held up the blue bear. “So Da can cuddle,” he explained seriously. Steve smiled.
Twenty minutes later Jarvis announced that Tony was waking. Steve went out to the living room  and saw the boy blinking his eyes open nervously.
“That would be a very nice thing to do, sweetheart,” Steve said, smiling softly.
“Indy I just had to take care of until I got to you. And he wasn’t an infant.” Bucky sighed. “I should just let Tony be her dad. He wouldn’t even have to adopt her, she has no paperwork he could just make himself her father and that would be it. He could give her everything she needs, you both could.”
“Hi, baby,” Indy said although she was still sleeping.
He had Indy pick a juice from the vending machine and grabbed him a pack of animal crackers in case he got hungry. He got an orange juice for Steve figuring he might need the jolt of sugar.  “Wanna see Da,” Indy mumbled against Bucky’s neck.
Tony laughed. “I know,  know. Maybe I didn’t know what I was missing.” Steve reached out to hold Tony’s hand that had been resting beside his plate.
“Okay, cake time,” Tony said excitedly, standing up once everyone had eaten their fill of pizza and appetizers. “Come take a seat and please put on a party hat,” he added seriously. He managed to pull Indy away from Bucky and the latest puzzle he was trying and placed him in his seat that the llama previously occupied, placing the stuffed animal next to Indy’s plate. “Wanna wear the hat?”
“How do you feel?” Tony asked him softly.
Bucky smiled. “With Happy. I have to call and give him an update actually.”
“Please,” Indy reached for it and the two men smiled.
“Mmm,” Steve hummed, already slipping into sleep. Steve was sound asleep moments later and Tony followed shortly after.
“Why?” Steve interrupted.
“Don’t feel much now,” he mumbled. “Lots of drugs.”
“Yeah. We’re all safe. Why don’t you close your eyes and rest, sweetheart. We’ll be right here with you.” Indy nodded but then sat up. He held the llama out toward Bucky.
“Have Pa and Da. Buppy hold ah-ma safe.”
“I will be safe, kiddo.” He kissed the top of his head, nodded to Tony and left. Tony picked Indy up and cuddled him to his chest swaying slightly.
“Tony,” Steve whined exasperatedly.
“Hey, baby Cap. Can I hold you?” Clint reached out and Indy allowed himself to be pulled from Tony’s lap. “How’s your llama doing?” Indy held his llama out in front of Clint’s face.
“Yeah. You’re being so good. Thank you.”
“He’s been fussy but he drinks it. I think he just knows it’s not the same when I do it,” Steve smiled sadly. He pushed the nipple of the bottle against Luca’s lips and he scrunched up his face and grunted. Steve kept at it, squeezing a drop of milk out so he would taste it and once he realized what it was for he opened to it. Tony hummed in acknowledgement. Steve knew he felt bad being away for a couple days.
“You don’t have to,” Steve started to protest, but Tony was already gently pushing him down.
They entered Indy’s room and could see him curled up in the middle of the bed, thumb in his mouth and arm wrapped around his teddy bear. Steve walked up to the bed and gently pulled the blanket back off of the small body. He reached his hands under his sons armpits and slowly lifted him up. The bear fell back to the bed and Steve brought Indy to his chest, one arm under his bottom and the other around his back, holding him close. The boys eyes stayed closed but he instinctively curled into Steve’s warmth. Steve kissed the top of his head. He walked back to Tony who was lingering at the foot of the bed.
******************
“Okay, I think we’re done. Ready to get out?” Steve asked Indy, who responded immediately by lifting his arms up.
“If we can’t find our own way out I promise you Stevie is already looking so he’ll rescue us soon.” He was sure the team would be looking for them already.
“I bet he’ll love it,” Steve replied sincerely.
“Sugar’s the best, huh?” Clint said with his own mouthful of cake and Indy waved his frosting covered fingers at him.
Steve huffed a quiet laugh. “I’m good,” he confirmed. “Just anxious. I can’t wait to be married to him,” he said quietly. Bucky smiled softly and nodded. He grasped Steve’s shoulder for a second and squeezed.
“Oh, you’re doll?” Indy nodded. “Okay, lets go get that from your room and then go back to watching the movie. I bet Papa will join us soon too.” Tony carried Indy to his room, grabbed the doll, stuffing it between Indy and himself, and went back to his and Steve’s room. The movie was still paused so he got them settled and pressed play. Indy cuddled his doll and llama against him and laid half on the bed and half on Tony’s chest. He lasted 10 minutes before he fell sound asleep. Tony smiled down at him and kissed the top of his head.
"What?" Bucky asked.
“I do want that,” Tony whispered. Steve smiled and kissed him.
“You looking for that special someone?” She clarified.
“Da,” he mumbled before returning his attention to his toy. Tony sat next to him on the bed, leaning back against the pillows so he was pressed side to side with his son.
"Yes, FRIDAY, your position is duly noted," he smirked. The phone buzzed again, one time, and this time it was a text. Tony opened the phone and read it:
“Buppy, surprise!” He turned around and quickly held out a large chocolate bar. Bucky smiled and took the candy. In big red letters on the wrapper it said ‘I LOVE YOU.’  Indy pointed to it in case Bucky didn’t see. “‘Cause I bit you,” he explained. Bucky huffed a laugh. Steve’s eyes narrowed.
“I’ll be out in the waiting room if you need anything,” Bucky said to Tony.
“Bucky Barnes. I’m a friend of Steve’s and Tony’s.”
Tony grinned. “Workshop, yeah. There’s someone there I think would love to meet you.” He rubbed the boys back as he curled in on Tony, getting shy at the thought of another new person.  “Don’t worry you’ll love it, kiddo.”
“I’ll go, take your time,” Steve said as he got off the bed and left the room.
After that, Indy realized that opening gifts was fun and the rest of the gifts were opened fairly quickly. His favorite seemed to be the little bike with training wheels. It had a small basket attached to the handle bars which he was currently inspecting with great interest.
“Turn around slowly,” Bucky said menacingly. He saw her jump slightly at the sound of his voice.  “Hands up.” She did as she was told, turning to face him. He saw the recognition once he was in her sight.
“We’ll start there, see what happens,” Tony told the other two men. Bucky nodded but looked like he was definitely blaming himself. “We should never have let them go this long anyway, that’s on us. But if there’s a kid out there now we’ll find them.” Tony prodded Bucky’s knee with his toes til the man on the floor looked up at him and Tony nodded keeping eye contact until Bucky nodded back tentatively.
A small hand grasping his shirt pulled his attention back to Tony. “Are you okay?” He inwardly rolled his eyes at himself because that seemed like a dumb question all things considered. The boy shrugged. “Does anything hurt?” He clarified. Tony maneuvered his small body around until he was sitting, hand still holding on to Bucky’s shirt, then stretched out one leg and pointed at it with his other hand. Bucky managed to sit himself up halfway by leaning on the cement wall behind him. He reached out and moved the end of the shirt out of the way to see the kids leg and grimaced at the sight. There was cut down the side of his calf, mostly caked with dried blood by now, and a purplish bruise forming around it. Tony gasped when he looked down at it, tears already spilling down his cheeks, but he didn’t cry out.
“Okay, yeah. That’s okay.” Indy’s door was ajar and Tony pushed it open quietly. Indy was sound asleep with his pacifier in his mouth and llama and two teddy bears tucked under the covers with him and Bucky laying along side all of them also sound asleep. Steve and Tony smiled.
“Oh, good,” Peter sounded surprised.
He looked to Tony, who added, “Absolutely. You’re our favorite boy.”
“I’m right here, sweetheart. Right here,” he whispered, petting Tony’s hair from where he stood near the top of the bed, leaning over so his face was closer to Tony. The nurse removed the bandage from the side of his chest and Tony gasped when it was pulled away and choked back a sob. “I know it hurts, baby. Just hang in there.”
“Okay then, operation Steve is Papa is in effect. Indy, buddy. Can you say papa? Pa Pa,” Tony said slowly. He pulled the boys thumb from his mouth gently. “Say Papa.”
“Sorry,” he whispered.
“So not no...” Tony glanced at Steve.
Tony looked at Bucky questioningly when they had finished. “Go for it,” Bucky said, without Tony having to ask. Tony stuck his thumb in his mouth so quick it would have been comical if they weren’t in such a dire situation. “I’m going to sit you right here for a sec.” He put Tony’s bottom on the counter and the boy reluctantly let go. Bucky stayed close but started to peel off what adult Tony called his ‘superhero suit,’ the layers of Kevlar and Vibranium threaded fabric. Once the outer layer was off he was down to a short sleeve tee with a thin but long sleeve zip-up hoodie over it. He unzipped it. “Let’s get you warmed up,” he held his hands out for Tony who looked so happy to be picked up again that it made Bucky feel sad for however this kids childhood had gone. Tony clung on to him again and Bucky zipped the fabric up over his little body. It was a tight fit but it would warm him up and leave Bucky’s hands free to explore the room.
“We love you, sweetheart,” he said.
“Indy. Being a family.”
“Knock yourself out,” Bucky replied. “You’re the engineer.”
"On the sofa," Tony added, not wanting Steve to crowd him at the table.
“Love you,” he said softly.
“You okay?” Tony asked. Steve shrugged but kept his face hidden. “I’m sorry I stayed hidden away all day,” he said honestly, moving one hand down to Steve’s back and holding him tighter. Steve’s shoulders shook on a sob that he tried to keep in but he couldn’t hide it from Tony.
Tony bit back a sob but Steve felt his body shudder from it. “He pointed at me and said ‘da.’ I - I told him no. You’re his dad, but he kept calling me da. M’sorry, Steve, sorry,” Tony insisted as he grasped handfuls of Steve’s shirt. “Don’t go, please. Don’t,” he sobbed again.
Tony was already on the sofa with Clint watching a Disney movie so Steve pushed the teddy bear into his arms. Tony barely registered Steve’s presence but tightened his arms around the bear. Steve smirked and kissed the top of his head.
Steve huffed, wiping his eyes with both hands roughly. “I’m fine. Don’t worry about it.”
“New like young?” Bucky asked. “Do you mean that they were just born? A brand new baby?”
“It’s definitely an ear infection. We probably caught it pretty early on since she hasn’t had any severe symptoms yet. I can give you antibiotic ear drops you can start her on right away.”
“Well, he seems really comfortable with you. At least he trusts us and knows who we are to a point. This would have been harder otherwise.”
"Can you go upstairs now? Both of you? Please." He turned back to the arm.
“Anthony Edward Stark you do not hit people,” voice rising in anger. Tony tried to storm off again. “No, hey,” Steve grabbed his arm gently but firmly to stop him. Tony cried harder, gasping and choking on his breath.  “You need to calm down, you’re going to make yourself sick,” Steve reasoned. “Tell me what’s wrong, sweetheart.”
“We need to find them now,” he spat angrily. “JARVIS run every trace you can think of for this livestream. Scan their faces, run them through every data base you can find. I don’t care what you have to do just find me something.”
“The table looks great, by the way. I didn’t mean that it didn’t,” Steve said sheepishly. Tony laughed.
“I should go now actually. I have homework. Love you guys.”
“Thank you, Munchkin. I accept your apology. Can I get a hug?” Indy flung himself onto Tonys chest and clutched onto his shirt.
“I’ll be fine,” he said shortly.
“Want me to take him? I’ll put him in bed,” Steve asked.
“Hey,” Tony called back behind him. Bucky looked at him as he stood by anxiously waiting for Tony to move out of the way so he could get off the Quinjet and start searching the latest Hydra facility they had located. “Keep your comms on. You see anything at all you tell us immediately, got it?”
"I took it off so he could work easier," Bucky replied. Steve nodded.
“I know I don’t have to. You’re hurt and I want to help. Come on.” Steve complied and Tony got some more wipes. Whoever stripped him down when he arrived at the Shield hospital must have done a perfunctory cleaning because Tony certainly expected worse, but he definitely needed some care. He managed to get him clean using a lot of wipes and the promise of a bath when they got home. He sat Steve up again and grabbed the sweats.
“Then why take me? I have nothing to do with whatever Shield has done,” he spat.
“You are staying with us, Tony,” Bucky assured him.
“No, baby. You have to go home and get a good nights sleep with Bucky and Poppy, okay? Then you can come back to visit tomorrow,” Steve answered. “Can we have kisses?” He asked before Indy could protest. Bucky leaned him closer and Indy kissed Tony’s cheek. Tony brought his hand up and ruffled the boys hair.
Someone from Shield had left a pair of gray sweatpants and a gray Shield sweatshirt on the table off to the side so that was helpful because Steve’s suit was destroyed and the undershirt and boxers he had under it were such a mess they were trashed as soon as they got them off his body.
Steve pulled Tony back against him so the boys back was to his chest and out one arm around his waist to hold him and lifted Tony’s leg with the other to look. He pulled at the knot in the sock and it came undone. There was a little bit of blood but not too bad. It was mostly in need of disinfecting.
Steve leaned forward and kissed the side of Tony’s head that wasn’t in his lap. “Sweet boy,” Steve murmured. “My good boy, huh?”
“Merry Christmas,” Steve greeted.
Tony was clearly still upset but rallied for Indy and turned his head so he could see his son. “Goodnight, Peanut.”
“Hey,” Peter said softly. “He loves you, he’s just scared.” Peter leaned forward and hugged Steve. Steve wrapped his arms around the teen, hugging him to his chest. “I’ll go check on them.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“We just wanna help, Munchkin,” Tony said, leaning back to catch Indy’s eye over Steve’s shoulder. “If there’s a baby out there who needs help, we can find them. Like Bucky found you and took you someplace safe.”
“Tony,” Steve started, looking like he was about to jump up and steal him back.
“You wanna show daddy?” He asked. Indy nodded. “He’s working downstairs right now but you can show him later, okay?”  Indy whined a little but otherwise didn’t protest that answer. He saw the book on the counter and pointed.
Steve stood and kissed Indy’s cheek before laying him down in the small toddler bed. He covered him with his blanket and made sure the llama was still in his grip. Then he followed Tony to their own bedroom.
"I get them too, you know," he told Bucky quietly. Bucky didn't respond but Tony knew he was listening. "Panic attacks. Out of nowhere sometimes. Sucks, huh?"
“We ran in to each other in the elevator,” Happy answered.
Tony huffed a laugh. “You think? We knew this would be hard but we can’t keep ignoring his past as if it didn’t happen.” Bucky nodded.
“Okay, shh. Calm down. Just breathe. I’ll be there in 10 and we’ll figure it out. I’m going to hang up so I can get someone to watch the kids. I’m going to call you back on my drive over, okay? Keep your phone close.” Silence. “Stevie? Do you understand?”
The adults all had coffee after the cake was finished and headed back to the living area to relax for a short time before leaving. Indy brought his llama and went back to his puzzle with Bucky. Tony had his coffee on the same table, closest to him where he sat talking to Pepper and Natasha. He heard Indy call out for him and out of the corner of his eye saw him lifting the wooden puzzle board and trying to get it closer to Tony. Bucky saw it at the same time and reached out to stop it but it was too late. Tony tried to grab his coffee mug quickly so Indy wouldn’t slam the board on to it, but in his haste he didn’t have a good handle on it and knocked it instead. Bucky’s hands retreated, going instead to Indy’s waist and picking him up and out of the way quickly. The coffee spread across the table and Steve managed to move the other puzzles so they didn’t get wet.
“What did you do with Indy today?” Steve made eye contact with Tony through the screen and Tony smiled at him.
After a lengthly awkward silence Steve cleared his throat. “Indy’s therapy appointment is in a few minutes. I’m going to bring him.”  Without you went unsaid. Steve went into the living room and picked Indy up, pausing so he could say goodbye to his dad as they walked by. Tony gave the boy a small smile and kissed his forehead.
“You did something bad,” Steve corrected sternly. “You’re not bad. So, what do you have to say about how you acted?”
“It’s okay,” he replied automatically.
“You did the right thing. You shouldn’t be alone here.” He checked his watch. “Couple hours and you’ll be able to see him.”
Tony heard Steve gasp behind him. “Buck?” Steve surged forward then only stopping when he was about a foot away from him glancing down at the kid that was holding Bucky’s hand.
“Yeah. Let’s just get strapped in first.” He helped Bucky strap himself in around Tony then sat next to him and did the same for himself. Tony was so small they couldn’t buckle him so he’d have to be held anyway. “Tony, you wanna come here?”
“Fuck you,” Steve spat and Tony winced. “You can be mad at Bucky or me or whoever the hell you want but you don’t get to be this much of an asshole.” Steve stood there breathing heavily for a moment. “You were right we shouldn’t have had this conversation,” he added as he turned to leave the workshop.
Tony sighed. “Sorry I woke you, Munchkin,” he whispered, hoping to at least let Steve get some more sleep. Indy yawned in response. “Close your eyes and try to get some more rest okay?” He patted the boys hand where it was resting on his stomach and then climbed out of bed.
Bucky nodded. “Right, and now we came home. We can get you a bath and some clothes. We can eat. It’ll be good.”
Tony had been de-aged in an op 3 weeks ago and in that time Steve had been Tony’s primary caregiver. He wouldn’t deny that he had a brief moment of panic when he learned he’d be taking care of a 4 year old for the foreseeable future, a 4 year old who in his normal state was his boyfriend, but he didn’t think it had been going that bad, if he did say so himself.
“Buppy come here?” Indy asked.
“I want Papa. Now, Buppy.” He moved forward quickly and pushed his hands against Bucky’s thighs in an attempt to shove him.  Bucky didn’t move.
"Did they make something?"
“That’s right, Peanut. You tell him,” Tony replied through his laughter.
Tony sliced the cake and gave everyone a piece. Indy stuck his fingers into the frosting on his instantly and then shoved them in his mouth.
“Good. You up for some b-day shopping, Steve?”
“We need all the files you have on her,” Bucky said. “You can make it easy and I don’t kill you right here or we’ll get them with out you after I get rid of your body.” Something in the way he looked at her made her realize there was no point in resisting. Bucky still had his gun trained on her so Tony stepped up beside them to look over her shoulder, making sure she actually gave them relevant files.
“Time out?” He offered, bottom lip jutting out as he pouted at Bucky.
“I’m sorry, Stevie,” he whispered.
“And it comes with this little monster as a neighbor so you can’t beat that,” he said, tickling Indy who giggled uncontrollably. “I already talked to Tony the second day you were here. He’s fine with it. I don’t want to push you in to something you don’t want but please think about it for now, okay?”
The ancient looking flip phone buzzed obtrusively on the counter at the far end of Tony's workshop. Tony himself looked up toward the noise from where he had been tinkering with the latest mach Iron Man suit. It had been 6 months almost to the day from when he had received the phone in the mail, and for all he tried to keep it charged and ready, he never really expected to get a call. The phone was for him, to reach out if he felt necessary, which he didn't. So now, he stood staring down at the still buzzing object with confusion. He knew he was letting it go too long but he couldn't bring himself to answer.
“Me?” He asked.
“Definitely.”
Lots of fluff :)
“No,” Fury responded simply.
“Yeah,” Steve agreed. “Okay, so 2T.” He wheeled the cart back to a table of tees. “Wanna pick out some shirts? Which ones do you like?” Steve pointed at the choices. He could see Tony  pulling things off of racks excitedly and Steve tried to ignore his extravagance. “Here,” Steve said, picking up a blue shirt with planets on it. “You like this?” Steve held it up to Indy’s chest. “Looks nice.”
“Sounds good. I’ll see you then.” Pepper gave him another quick hug and Steve headed back to their floor. He entered the bedroom and found Tony curled on his side facing away from Steve. He climbed onto his side of the bed and laid on his back, careful not to jostle Tony.
“He’s fine where he is,” Tony replied shortly. Steve sighed.
“Want,” Indy repeated. He hugged it closer to himself and turned around and started to take steps away.
“Buppy!” He shouted excitedly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re welcome.”
Tony ended up in basically a kneeling position on the sofa cushion, straddling Steve, and he  settled his weight back onto Steve’s thighs. Steve instantly brought his hands up around his husbands back, hugging him close. Tony buried his face into the space below Steves chin.
“I’m going to my workshop, Steve,” he cut off, ending the conversation.  Steve stared down at the folder on his lap.
The elevator beeped and Tony stepped into the workshop, placed the fruit on the counter near his coffee maker which JARVIS had blessedly started already, and then walked across to the other side. “Hey, Dum-E, it’s morning and we have a guest, buddy. Look alive,” he called out. Dum-E beeped and whirred as his metal claw turned to face Tony’s direction. Tony felt Indy stiffen in his arms but also raised his head to see what this was. “It’s okay, Indy,” Tony assured him.
“How’d it go?” Bucky whispered. Steve shook his head.
“Hey,” Steve said. “It’s okay. Pepper brought Luca back to eat but he’s okay.” Tony nodded, releasing his breath and looking over to Pepper.
“Love you more,” Steve replied as he rested his forehead against Tony’s for a brief moment, eyes closed. With a sigh he pulled away smiling and they both turned to their friends.
“You’re okay, you’re safe,” Steve said softly. “Can you answer that question?”
“Me,” Indy called out with a smack to Steve’s thigh. Tony broke the kiss with a laugh.
“Can you say Steve? With a Ssss sound?” Clint asked. “SsssTEEV.”  Tony repeated it correctly. “Good boy.” Clint ruffled his hair then turned to Steve. “I’ll get a 3 and 4 for sizes because he’s pretty small but we’ll see.” Steve nodded.
“Hey Bubba, we’re home now,” he told the boy softly. Tony’s face scrunched up and he sat up on Steve’s lap. He looked nervously at Steve and then Bucky, wringing his little hands in his lap anxiously.  “What’s wrong, Tony? I thought you wanted to come home.” Tony whined.
“Go soon?” Tony said quietly.
“You gotta think of a name now,” Steve said quietly.
“You okay?” Tony asked, stepping into his space and putting a hand on his cheek.
Bucky nodded stiffly. Tony wasn’t exactly thrilled with the way he had handled the last location, no comms and taking out most of the Hydra agents on his own, only leaving one to bring back to drop in front of Steve for questioning.
“You get this one package, not matter how long you end up staying here so I’d use them sparingly if I were you.” She tossed them on the table. “You can change him when we let you go to the bathroom, twice a day, that’s it.”
“Not broke, sweetheart.” Steve crouched down to his level. “He got coffee on him but we’ll clean him, he’ll be okay.”
“Yeah. Yeah, I - I don’t know who I was kidding, I can’t give her up. There’s no choice here. I’m just....scared, I guess.” Bucky stepped around the sofa to look closer at the baby.
“Good boy,” he said offhandedly, but Tony beamed. He kept his thumb out, presumably so Bucky would remember his next task. Luckily, the room they were locked in was not a cell, so they did have some things available to them. There was a counter along one wall with a sink so he brought Tony over there, turning him in his arms so he was facing out, and turned on the warm water. There was no soap but he helped Tony wash his hands as best they could. he found a box of tissues in a cupboard and grabbed a handful then dried Tony’s hands.
“Here. For now you can have this.” He put Tony’s arms through the sleeves then pulled him off Steve’s lap to stand while Bucky zipped him up. The hoodie was down to Tony’s ankles. He put the boy back on Steve then stood. “I need to clean up his leg. He got cut and I wrapped a sock around it but it needs to be cleaned and bandaged.”
“He’s fine,” Tony said with a knowing look to Steve. Indy was likely to be clingy after the morning they went through. The pancakes were just about ready to flip so Tony bent down and picked up Indy. “Do you want to put blueberries or chocolate chips in yours?”
“Look, I’m the last person to be advising someone about therapy or not. God knows I need it and will probably never get it, but for him, he’s so little and he went through hell so yeah, he should keep going. And maybe it won’t always be this hard. Maybe that’s the point. Maybe it’ll get easier.” He shrugged.
“Yes, Captain,” JARVIS replied instantly.
“I hope there’s a good reason for this wake up call,” Tony muttered, not unkindly.
“I do,” Tony replied sounding so unsure that Steve had to breathe deeply for a moment to reign in his anger.
A couple hours later Steve woke up to use the bathroom. He walked slowly through the hallway  in the dark, eyes half opened, when he passed the room Indy was in. The door was cracked and Steve had left a small lamp on to slightly illuminate the room in case the little boy got scared. He heard something from the room so he pushed the door open and stepped inside. Indy was laying on his side, curled up, sniffling softly.
“See you later, Tater Tot.” He kissed Indy’s cheek and the small boy giggled. He nodded his goodbye to Bucky and headed toward the elevator.
“I’ll clean up here and keep an ear out for Indy,” Tony said. Steve kissed him quickly then took Indy to the other room.
“Sorry,” Bucky whispered, worried that he overstepped.
“No. Tony, no. Don’t say that. This was not your fault at all.” Tony was nodding trying to persuade him it was his fault but Steve kept talking. “These assholes were mad at Shield, you were just a means to get to them. You did nothing wrong. In fact, you were so good Tony. I saw pretty much everything. You took care such good care of Luca.” Tony huffed in disagreement. “You did” Steve continued. “You did everything you could for him, I’m so proud of you and I love you so much.” He stood up and leaned over Tony so he could hug him and kiss him again. Then did the same for Luca. “Papa’s here baby boy. We’re going to get you feeling better I promise.”
“Hate you,” Tony screeched again.
“Are you- you’re breaking up with me?” Tony mumbled sadly.
“Yes?”  Steve nodded. “The ring is downstairs. In my workshop.” Steve laughed.
“Anti-climactic,” Coulson stated.
“Nothing,” Tony answered quickly, not making eye contact.
Bucky shrugged. "I don't blame you if you never want to even speak to him again. But, for what it's worth, he is genuinely sorry. He hates himself for what he did to you, it's eating him up." Tony wanted to reply 'good,' but he thought better of it. "He has nightmares about it."
“Tony?” Steve’s voice sounded so weak and so scared but with a slight hint of something else. Like maybe he was starting to hope that Tony was really okay.
“You ready to go shopping, munchkin?” Tony asked the small boy that was now on his lap where Tony sat on the side of the bed.
“Any runny nose? Cough?”
“But you didn’t,” Tony replied. “I’m here.”
“No, Da do it,” Indy mumbled, holding one hand out and making a grabbing motion. Tony made brief eye contact with Steve over Indys head and they silently decided whose meltdown would be worse, Indy’s or the baby’s, but the baby was already calming down with Tony’s gentle swaying.
“You know you both still have to go to the hospital right?” Steve asked hesitantly.
“Steve, what are you trying to say,” Tony asked, sounding worried.
He didn’t pull on her earlobe this time and he looked inside as quick as he could, inspecting the canal and eardrum. Poppy cried pitifully, breaking all of their hearts with the sound of her cries. Bucky kept his hand on her and Tony whispered in her other ear, trying to calm her.
“Ah!” He exclaimed.
Tony struggled slightly but managed to sit up straight and make eye contact. “Steve?” Tony reached out and placed his hand on Steve’s forearm, wanting to keep contact.
“Hi, Mr. Stark? It’s Peter.”
He shrugged. "Well I didn't exactly have a social life while I was in Bucharest. I got an apartment and I tried to catch up on a lot of missed time. I gotta say its a lot better like this than seeing it dubbed in Romanian."
“We know, buddy,” Steve replied, hugging his son close. He wiped Indy’s tears with his sleeve. “All right, calm down baby boy. Let’s try to have a good rest of the day, huh? Right Tony?”
“Don’t you look adorable?” she said to Poppy, reaching out immediately. The baby leaned forward and Bucky passed her over.
A short while later there was the sound of an explosion, muffled from the cement walls of the room they were in but it still made Bucky snap to attention and little Tony lift his head groggily from Bucky’s chest. He hoped it was the Avengers.
“It’s usually not this easy.” Clint stepped forward and pushed it further, waiting for booby traps. The door opened wide and they could see Tony in the center of the room.
“Time to come with me, sweetheart.” Tony stiffened for a moment, the need warring with wanting to finish his work. Steve saw the hesitation. “Give me the rest of today and tonight and you can finish your work tomorrow.” Tony put down the tools he was holding and swiveled his stool to face his boyfriend. Steve smiled, stepping forward into the space between Tony’s knees. “Hi,” he said as he kissed Tony’s forehead.
Steve smiled. “That’s JARVIS. He’s like a robot, kind of. He’s always listening if you ever need anything or have questions.” Indy nodded, and Steve gently took the boys pants off. “Okay, bath time.”
“Wow,” Steve said once he entered the room. “It looks great, Tony.” Tony actually blushed which Steve found adorable so he kissed him before taking Indy. “Look at all the nice decorations Daddy put out for your birthday, buddy.”
"Bonding with Bucky Barnes not on your to-do list?" Bucky smiled at him.
“And thank you, I’ll never hurt anyone here. I promise. And I’ll protect Indy with my life.”
“Could be Bucky’s,” Tony said hesitantly. Steve looked up at him.
“They need to rest, bud. Maybe we can have breakfast together first, huh?”
Steve maneuvered Tony so he was sitting in his lap so he could hold him more comfortably and angled his face up so he could place a soft kiss on the corner of his lips.  “Love you too, sweetheart. Everything’s going to be okay.”
“Here,” Steve said, taking the bear and shirt out of the bag and placing in front of Indy. Indy smiled, bringing the items to his chest and looking very content.
Steve smirked. “You know, those puppy dog eyes shouldn’t work as well as they do on grown up you.” He laughed. Tony smiled. “Come on, I made French toast.” He put his arm around Tony’s shoulders and let himself be walked to the kitchen. He sat down and Steve served him a couple pieces with fruit on top and syrup. Steve poured 2 glasses of orange juice and then sat next to Tony.
"Most of the feeling in the damaged area is gone. But the rest of it is pretty much like a regular arm. Shuri wanted it to be like having my real arm back, not just be functional."
"Sorry," Bucky mumbled sadly. Tony shook his head, brushing it off.
“You’re okay, Peanut. The seat is to keep you safe inside the car while we drive to the store, that’s all,” Tony told him calmly.
“Okay, hey, shh. You’re welcome, but you know I’d do anything for him, you don’t have to thank me. It’s okay.” Bucky patted his back and then ran his hand up and down while Tony’s crying subsided. He finally pulled away, cheeks flushed from crying but also, Bucky was sure, embarrassment.
“I asked her if she could come over at noon tomorrow and watch Luca for a couple hours.” Tony stiffened and Steve felt and heard his sharp intake of breath.
Steve gasped. He rushed forward and Tony blinked in disbelief at the new occupants of the room. His hold on Luca had tightened but as soon as he focused on Steve’s face he burst into tears.
“I won’t,” Tony said aggressively. The woman picked the baby up again tightly under the arms but leaving him away from her body and plopped him back in Tony’s lap.
“He said his tummy hurt but I could tell something else was bothering him so I told him he could tell me anything and eventually he said that he was scared you-,” Steve paused, worried about what he had to say to Tony. “He’s worried that you like the baby more than him. That you don’t wanna be his dad anymore.”
“You know, Tony, we’re friends so you can call me Steve I think.” Steve winked at him and Tony shyly turned his face into Bucky’s shirt.
“Tony,” Steve sighed, turning to face him. Tony held up his hands placatingly.
“Yeah, you’re Indy. But your full name is going to be Indiana Grant Rogers. You like that?” He bounced Indy in his arms, knowing he couldn’t fully comprehend what he meant.
“I fucking love you,” Tony said desperately.
“Sirs,” JARVIS interrupted. “Indy seems to be awake now.”  Tony let his forehead rest against Steve’s for a moment with a smile. Steve gave him a quick peck on his cheek and then threw the sheets back and got out of bed.
“Don’t you dare apologize,” Bucky said mock sternly. Tony smirked. “He’s going to fine,” he assured Tony.
“No. No Bruce, not yet,” he answered quietly.
“Can you tell Pete you love him?” Tony asked Luca.  “Wanna give him kisses?” Tony leaned Luca close to Peters face and the boy pressed a wet kiss to Peters cheek. He grimaced but smiled for the boy.
“Not gonna happen, bud. I can’t.”
“Bruce isn’t bad, Indy,” Tony said, pulling him closer. “Papa is having some bloodwork done and that’s not a bad thing when it’s done by nice doctors that we trust.” Tony and Steve shared a look. Tony couldn’t believe that they were more worried about Indy seeing Steve looking beat up than the fact that seeing medical tests and equipment would probably be triggering to him.
He entered the kitchen and set about cutting up some fruit and making French toast from scratch.  Once completed he went back to his room to wake Tony up.
“Hi, buddy,” he said to his little boy. “You gotta give us a little burp so we can stop worrying about it.” Steve smiled at his son who was looking up at him with clear brown eyes. “Let’s try something else.”  He turned the infant around so he was basically sitting sideways in Steve’s lap. Steve supported his head with a gentle hand under his chin and leaned Luca forward a little so he was tilted slightly. Then he started up the rubbing and patting again like Tony had been doing. Tony wordlessly took the cloth he had on his shoulder and transferred it to Steve’s thigh. It took another 2 minutes but Luca did finally burp for him and spit up a little with it. Steve glanced up at Tony with a smile. “Good call,” he told him as he wiped Luca’s mouth with the clean corner of the cloth. Tony ignored what he said.
“Natasha is going to stick behind and debrief him on the files we got from them. She’ll be able to let us know if there’s anything that’ll help here,” he nodded at Tony. Tony waved at Clint when he finished speaking so Clint smiled at him and waved back. “Hey, Tony.”
Tony came back into Steve’s line of sight to protest. “Nope. You had your turn to make choices with docile me, but now I am fully and completely in my everyday Tony Stark headspace and I want us to continue through the list of all the classic movies you missed while you were frozen. We were up to ‘Mrs. Doubtfire.’”
Tony pulled a navy blue sweater over his head, messing up his hair. Steve stepped up and ran a hand through it. “I like when your hair is fluffy.”
“Tony’s a reasonable person. He’s just beyond upset right now and not thinking about it clearly. This was all on Hydra and I think once he has some time to process it, he’ll see that.”
“Is he gonna bring her here?”
“Okay, I gotta say, this was not the vibe I was getting out there,” Tony said, somewhat confused.
“No. I’m fine,” Steve replied stubbornly, as Tony knew he would.
“Uh,” Tony uttered as Steve looked at him. “Okay, no.”
“Yes a picture for Santa,” he agreed, grabbing the box of crayons and taking out a green one. He began scribbling up and down one side of the paper.
“Yeah, I think he gets it now. I’m not going anywhere. Neither are you,” Tony said, running his hand over Indy’s back. Steve nodded.
“Cuz I’m not bad,” he asked, looking up at Steves face.
“Get out,” Tony yelled this time. Luca whimpered. “I need space and you just won’t stop. Please. Please just go,” Tony cried, his face still pressed to the side of his sons. Tony heard a rustling sound, Steve had moved, so Tony opened his eyes to see if he left. Steve had dropped down to his knees in front of Tony’s chair.
“Why don’t we go sit on the sofa? You’re shaking, Bubba.” Tony nodded and leaned more heavily into Steve’s chest. “Can I carry you?” Tony lifted his arms and looped them around Steve’s neck in answer. Steve was going for a bridal carry, he crouched a little so he could sweep one arm under Tony’s legs and one behind his back but once Steve had leaned down a little Tony hoisted himself up and wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist so that they were chest to chest. Steve brought his hands to Tony’s thighs to support him and smiled. Steve was more than willing to accommodate his husband if he wanted to be clingy for a bit. He walked them to the kitchen first, grabbing a single serve bottle of orange juice and carrying that back with them to the sofa.
Tony moved his head slightly to give Bucky a small smile and nod and a little wave to the kids. Steve hugged him closer and pressed a kiss to his hair.
Steve sighed. “He’s okay with Pepper right now, you know that,” he assured him. “He’s probably sleeping anyway. It’s okay to take care of yourself when you need to, Tony. And right now you’re my priority.” Since Tony was wearing Steve’s old SHEILD hoodie Steve pulled the hood up over Tony’s head to keep him warm and pulled him back against his chest. “Are you sure this is comfortable with your legs bent like that? We can lay down if you want?”
“I’ll give you the next dose of pain meds as soon as I’m done here,” the nurse said kindly to Tony.
Bucky stepped up to Natasha who was still holding a perfectly behaved Poppy. “Hey there baby girl.” He held out his hands and she reached out to him. He brought her to his chest and she cooed and rested her head on his shoulder. “You were so good sitting here with Auntie Tasha, huh?”
“I’m not stopping the therapy, Tony,” Steve interrupted with a small smile.
Bucky had spent the morning at the park with Indy while Steve and Tony attended to some Avengers business at the compound.  He stood a few feet behind Indy who was circling the swing set and trying to decide which one he wanted Bucky to push him on.
“Before we left the hospital when you were changing your clothes in the bathroom. The nurse came in and he hadn’t burped for me yet and she showed me a different way to hold him.” Steve brought Luca up into the cradle of his arms and kissed his forehead.
“I don’t know why, it just seemed easy. Not like I did much.”
Steve smiled a little but he hated the fact that Tony thought he had to prove that to him.  “I’m sorry I yelled at you, Tony. I’m just scared. And I know that’s not an excuse but I thought I lost you in that hospital but then I got to bring you home. Then it felt like you were just throwing away the fact that you survived when I heard you over the comms this morning.” Steve looked down. Poppy woke up and reached her little hand out toward Steve’s face. He took it and let her hold onto his finger. “I know you just wanted to help. I do. I get that.” He looked back at Tony who was listening intently. “I just don’t want you to be hurt.”
“It’s only been like a half hour actually, he was being kind of fussy.” Steve smiled. “Let’s go,” he told Tony, standing up.
“That’s right, sweet boy. He’ll be safe with us, just like you. Come here,” Steve readjusted the boy in his hold and hugged him tight, shirt and teddy bear squished between them. Tony found them like that a moment later.
She stepped over to Luca and picked him up roughly, gripping hard under his arms, barely supporting anything, and he flailed. She pressed him haphazardly against Tony’s chest and let go quickly. Tony barely had a handle on him with one arm and the baby’s wiggling.
“Want Papa,” he cried. “I want Da,” he said louder. Then, surprisingly, bit down on the hand that was pulling him forward.
“Da, my ah-ma here,” he pointed to his seat at the table.
“Can I just see them? Before I go?” The teen asked nervously. Steve stepped back out of the doorway.
As soon as Tony engaged the call Fury spoke. “Stark, I need you to listen and not do anything stupid.”
“Some toys,” Steve laughed. “Come here, sweetheart.” Steve pulled Indy from Tony’s arms. “Get dressed, Tony, and then we’ll go. Do you need to pee, buddy?” Indy looked at him blankly. Steve took him into the adjoining bathroom while Tony changed out of his pajamas in the bedroom. Steve slid Indys pants down and pulled the diaper off temporarily. He picked him up and placed him not the seat, holding him up since he was too small. He showed him how to aim in the toilet. “Go ahead, try to pee like a big boy so you don’t use that diaper.” Indy looked down, seemingly confused then back at Steve. “You don’t have to go?” Indy shook his head.
“Go put him to bed, Darling. I gotta go anyway. Pep will be here in a minute to go over some things before our meeting so I’m going to get ready.”
“JARVIS? Is Steve busy right now?”
“Hi,” he greeted as he entered and strode over to her desk.
“You like it, peanut?” Tony asked.
“Night night, baby boy.”  He walked to the door, switching the light off but the night light clicked on right away bathing the room in a soft yellow glow.
“Bear?” Indy asked, sounding on the verge of tears.
“Time to get up, sleepy head,” Steve cheered happily as he walked into his bedroom. He stopped short though at the sight of a fully grown Tony sitting on the end of the bed, head in his hands, crying. “Tony,” he questioned. Tony looked up and wiped at his face with his hands.
“Da?” Indy called out as he got up on his knees next to Tony and put his little hands on Tony’s chest. He pushed a little and called out to him again. Tony groaned.
“You okay?” Tony turned but winced as the movement pulled at his stitches, his stunt from earlier having aggravated the incision. The sympathetic, soft way Bucky asked seemed to be what tipped Tony over the edge finally because he found himself unable to answer for fear that he would just start crying. He shrugged minutely. Bucky couldn’t help but notice that Tony was starting to shake faintly. He stepped forward sliding his arm around Tony’s waist. “Come on, let’s get you sitting.” He walked Tony slowly over to the sofa. Poppy was laying on her play mat on the rug in front of the sofa playing with the toys that dangled over her. “Would you lay down for a minute so I can check your stitches or is that asking too much?”
“No. She just sneezed a few times just now so her nose was runny,” he answered.
“Indy is drinking juice and watching TV with Sergeant Barnes.”
Today he had a meeting with Fury, Thor and Banner to go over what they’ve come up with in their respective research into how to get Tony Stark back to his real age. Clint was going to babysit. Steve didn’t expect any issues. Tony was a well behaved little boy for the most part.
“That’s just it though,” Bucky said louder. “Why should I? I am the last thing that any kid needs in their life, especially a little baby.”
************
“Have JARVIS let me know if you need anything,” Bruce replied quietly sitting down again.
“I’m not going anywhere. Relax.” He squeezed Tony’s hand then released it, rubbing his thumb across the other mans fingers. Tony loosened his hold, but barely. He drifted off to sleep and managed to get an hour of rest in before a nurse came in to take his vitals and check his bandages. She asked Steve to get off the bed so she could access him easily so he complied, causing Tony a small panic attack in the process.
“Thanks,” he replied.
“I bet I know what the other one is,” Tony said and Steve laughed. He pulled the other box out and held it in front of Indy. It was, of course, the Steve Rogers/Captain America unmasked Pop. “That’s Papa.”
"The Accords. They're fair now? You think I'd agree with them?"
“Yeah!” Indy shouted excitedly. Steve grabbed a new pull-up as well and the wipes and told Indy to follow him to his and Tony’s room. Steve sat him on the bed once he came over and pulled the stained shirt off his head.
The two men looked over. Steve smiled softly at his friend. “Does that mean you...?” He trailed off.
“They know to expect you, Steve. Fury accounted for that. You’d have to kill your way in and that’s not you. And then even if you got Tony and Luca back you’d be going to jail.” Natasha was looking at him and he knew she was right but he didn’t care.
Steve felt Indy nod against his shoulder so he turned to face Tony. “Sit down, I’ll pass him to you and go get a book.” Tony sat on he end of the sofa after Bucky sat up and took Indy. The boy sat sideways in Tony’s lap cradled by one of Tony’s arms. He handed the boy his sippy cup  and he dropped the pacifier from his mouth and started drinking right away. Bucky covered him with his blanket.
“He is, sir,” JARVIS replied instantly. Tony wondered which would be most likely to get him killed, waking a former assassin super soldier unexpectedly or sneaking into his backpack and having him accidentally wake up and see him there. He decided his best bet was the latter, thinking he could be quiet enough that he could go unnoticed.
“Yeah, poor thing,” Steve answered sadly.
Tony grabbed the end of Bucky’s t-shirt and tugged a little. “Sit.” Bucky plopped himself down on the cushion next to Tony, rearranging Poppy on his lap so that her back was to his chest. Steve came back and the thermometer beeped as he turned it on.
“Thank you, baby. I’ll drink it.” Indy took the bears back from Steve’s lap, losing interest in the snack bag. He walked between Bucky’s knees and tried to get up without using his hands so Bucky helped him up so he ended up with his back to Bucky’s chest and the bears hugged against him.
Steve nodded, agreeing. “He’s doing so well. I mean, his speech is coming along and everything. I just want him to have all the help he needs. We could look into it?”
“What do you want?” He asked.
“What?”
“We can’t have you running around half naked,” Steve replied kindly but Tony still got a look like he had done something wrong. Bucky unbuckled himself now that they were in the air and took off his hoodie.
The officiant started the ceremony, reading the traditional vows. They had thought about writing their own but Steve was getting too stressed about finding the right words that explained everything he felt so Tony finally called it, saying he knew what Steve felt and this way they would both vow the same and it would mean just as much.
***************
“Okay, okay. I’ll talk to them, we’ll figure this out. I’m almost there, just hold on. Everything’s gonna be fine.” He heard the hitch in Steve’s breath. “Happy’s going to watch the kids until we can figure out what’s happening.”
They met Bucky in the waiting room and Tony motioned to Bucky. “Switch with me.” He held his arms out for his son and Bucky got an arm around Steve’s back to hold him up as they walked out. Happy met them at the entrance and Steve, Tony and Indy piled in the back with Bucky in the passenger seat and they finally headed home.
“What’s wrong?” Steve asked, as he and Tony stepped closer.
“He’s still here,” Steve told him cautiously.
"Thank you for saying it, but, I get that you were controlled by Hydra. Doesn't make it okay, but..." Tony trailed off and shrugged. Bucky felt a mixture of relief for finally apologizing and confusion at Tonys understanding. Tony picked up a screwdriver and pried a small piece of metal back to get a better look at the damage. Bucky winced.
“We’re married, that’s right.”
“You need to heal, Tony. A few days at least, I think, but we can ask the doctor next time they’re in.” He heard Tony whimper, still hiding his face, and Steve felt the slight tremors as he worked himself up. “Hey, it’ll be okay. I’ll stay here the whole time, okay?” Steve pressed a kiss to Tony’s temple and ran his hand up and down Tony’s bicep.
“They’re strong,” she said, stepping up next to him. “They’ll survive this. You need to let me and Clint handle the Shield part. We’ll get you what you need and then we’ll get your boys back.” Steve nodded reluctantly.
“I’ll go,” Happy suggested. He also had a gift bag, slightly smaller. He stepped up to Tony and held it out. “Happy birthday, Indy.” Tony took it but Indy did peek his head out to look.
In the end it actually took four days. They hadn’t moved Steve at all, they had held him in a hidden underground base at the original location, but by the time Bucky figured that out, three days had passed.
“With Da and Papa?” Indy asked him.
“Wow, thought you cared about the kid, Cap. Might wanna rethink your babysitter choices,” Tony said sarcastically.
“Pa,” he whimpered.
“Fine,” he replied, as he strode to his bedroom to get some clean clothes and then into the en-suite bathroom.
“Out,” Indy stated to make sure Steve knew what he wanted. Steve grabbed a fluffy towel and picked Indy up with it, making sure he was wrapped up. He had sat Indy on the counter and made sure he was dry when Tony came back with a small T-shirt and diaper. He handed the shirt to Steve who managed to get it on with minimal fuss and then he took the diaper from Tony.
Bucky laughed and took the gift, holding it in front of the baby so she could see. “What did Tony get you, huh?” She pulled at the paper along with Bucky until he could see what it was. He dropped the wrapping on the floor and held up a little light pink onesie. On the front it said ‘My Uncle is my favorite’ with a white heart below the words. Bucky laughed and held it up to her but she grabbed it and tried to chew it right away so he put it off to the side. “Why don’t you say thank you to your Uncle then, baby girl.” Bucky held her out and Tony took her immediately giving her a hug. “Thanks, Tony. It’s cute.”
“Adopt him, Tony,” Steve stepped forward, closing in the space Tony was making between them. “You’re already his dad but let’s make it official now. We got all my paperwork done, now it’s your turn.” Tony was shaking his head. “No,” Steve said before Tony could refute what he was saying. “I know you want this, you essentially just said as much. We’re in this together forever, Tony. I want you to have the same claim to him as I do.”
Tony laughed and started to walk away. “You can do all the heavy lifting.” Steve loaded the bags back in to the cart and met Tony at the door. He had already text Happy so he was pulling up right as they exited the building. Steve and Happy put the bags in the trunk and Tony put Indy in his car seat.
Steve leaned over and kissed the top of Indy’s head and brought his other arm, that wasn’t around Tony, up to hug his son. “Be a good boy for Bucky please, okay?” Indy didn’t answer, pulling away leaning back toward Bucky’s chest. “Indy, I’m serious, I’d like you to answer me.”
“We’re going to have our friends over today to celebrate your birthday! Remember Papa and I told you about that? Natasha, Clint, Bruce, Pepper, Happy and Bucky. They’re all coming to see you and celebrate.” Tony clapped his hands like Indy does so he’d know it was something exciting.
They entered the store and Steve grabbed a shopping cart and pushed it over to Tony. “In you go,” Tony said as he placed Indy on the seat, struggling slightly to get his feet in the holes. Indy looked up at them confused.
“No, but it could have been me. And then you could have been her dad too, like you are with Indy. I think you wanted that,” Steve said softly, pulling Tony closer into a hug.
“Have present for Pa and Da. I get,” Indy slid off Steve’s lap and ran out of the room.
Tony and Luca had been taken 5 hours ago and Steve was very close to losing his mind. Three  hours in JARVIS received a link to a livestream from an anonymous source. The Avengers gathered around and JARVIS displayed the stream on the television. It showed Tony, shirtless,  strapped to a chair in a nearly empty, gray walled, room. They saw the people come in to the room and heard the whole conversation. Steve watched helplessly as the man and woman left the room and Tony struggled to get a grip on Luca and feed him. It didn’t look like Tony knew he was being recorded because he never once looked in the direction of the camera lens.
“Buppy help?”
“J, go though the data Bucky brought back with him again. We’re looking for anything at all that can give us a lead. Pull satellite scans of the location Indy was found on the day and time Bucky was there. Anyone that escaped we need to track down,” Tony called out.
“Got it,” Bucky answered before entering the room.
“Buppy,” Indy mumbled. Steve smiled and stepped closer to his friend. Bucky stood up so he could take the boy into his arms.
“Marry?” Indy mumbled from against Steve’s chest.
“Don’t,” Tony snapped. “Don’t you dare defend him.” Steve had enough sense to not reply that moment. Tony turned his back on Bucky. “I need to be alone,” he told Steve.
“I know this isn’t my business, but, I love the three of you like family. Steve doesn’t want to leave. I think he was just trying to take care of you and Luca.” Tony nodded in agreement but didn’t seem to be able to answer otherwise.
45 minutes later a doctor came in to tell them that the surgery was complete. They were able to repair the damage to his chest and there were no complications but he wasn’t out of the woods because they would have to see how the area around the reactor healed.
“Okay, one diaper,” Tony said as he found one in the bottom of the bag. “You hold this,” he told Indy pushing it against his chest. Indy grabbed it with both hands hugging it to himself. Tony re-zipped the bag and placed it against the door then picked Indy up and went to the floors main bathroom off the hall.
“Me? Tony’s way more dramatic than me,” he protested.
“I can get JARVIS to make a list. The best of the best. And we’ll make them sign an NDA. JARVIS, get started on a list but no hurry. Let me know when you’ve compiled something.”
“You need to come back, I gotta go.” Clint hung up. Steve was grateful he was still in the compound so he wasn’t far. He cut the meeting short and sprinted to his living quarters. He threw the door open and didn’t stop until he was at the entrance to the living room. The scene before him had him stopping in his tracks instantly. Tony was alternating between hysterically crying and screaming at Clint. Clint was yelling over him, something about not moving and that he wanted to pick him up so he wouldn’t step on glass. Steve looked around and there was indeed broken glass on the carpet. He doubted Tony heard Clint at all. Steve noticed Tony looking down and it looked like he was going to try and storm off so it was time for him to intervene.
“Is he-,” he trailed off.
“Yeah,” he answered softly.
“Fury called and I know you’re mad at him but he offered a pilot and the jet so Bruce could meet you guys there and get a jump on helping Tony and Luca until they can get to a hospital,” Peter explained quickly. “I know you’re mad at Fury but it’s just Bruce, and it sounded better than them being stuck with no medical help in the car for three hours.”
“We have fruit punch, do you like that?” Bucky walked over with a plastic cup half full. Tony reached out. “Let Steve help, there’s no lid on the cup, okay?”
“I’ll talk to him. I don’t think he would want that.” Steve leaned in and kissed Tony’s forehead. “You’ll be okay if I go talk to him?” Tony nodded and Steve went to find his friend.
“Want ah-ma with Buppy, please.” Bucky leaned forward and took the small toy from the boys hand.
“Steve,” Natasha interrupted. “Coulson thinks our only option to get Graves away from Shield is when they have him scheduled to move to a different facility.”
Steve looked somewhat nervous still but nodded agreeably. “Thanks.”
“Okay, well then. Welcome to the family Liam,” Tony said leaning down to kiss the top of the dolls head and then Indy’s as well.
Someone made fan art! I’l be posting it as soon as I figure out how to post a picture lol  ;)
Steve and Tony smiled at that. “Yeah,” Steve answered. He looked up at Bucky. “Are you ready to tell him,” he trailed off, nodding purposefully at the baby.
Steve laughed. “Okay, calm down. You can figure out Happy’s bonus later.”
“It was. I’m happy for them. And Indy,” he added. “He seems most excited.”
-Now that you need something? Tony asked, getting angrier by the text. There was a longer wait this time for the next text.
“I was going to pay.”
Bucky had worked his way down a long hallway and came to larger room that contained medical equipment and stretchers. He could hear movement from the far corner, though he couldn’t see anyone yet. He silently picked his way through the room til he could see someone with their back to him, a middle-aged woman, wearing a lab coat and laying some medical tools out on a tray.  Next to her was a cot, crib-like, but very medical looking which he assumed held a child. He could see a bundled blanket but not much else.
"Um, no," Bucky answered.
“Took her awhile to stop crying but I think the water felt nice for her,” Bucky replied. He reached forward to grab the pacifier he had left on the coffee table earlier for her. He offered it and she latched on immediately as if she was waiting for just that. “Thanks. For helping me and  just...everything,” he said, looking down at his socked feet, curling his toes against the carpet and not making eye contact.
“Don’t do this, please. I can’t leave him, Tony. Or you. Please,” Steve begged, with tears in his own eyes now. Tony closed his eyes again. Steve shuffled closer so Tony’s knees were pressed against Steve’s chest. “You can keep holding him okay? I promise. And I’m sorry. Please, Tony, answer me. I can’t lose you.” Steve set his hand on Tony’s knee and watched as his husband flinched.
Once in the elevator Tony leaned his weight against Steve’s side and Steve put his arm around him pulling him close. He heard Tony sniffle, still upset over their conversation and in that moment Steve realized what had to happen.
“Minus the llama incident, I think he liked it,” Tony replied quietly.
Bucky's smile fell and he suddenly became very aware that he probably crossed a line. "Um, I'm sorry, I was just...I didn't, Tony I'm so sorry," Bucky stammered.
“That okay?” Bucky checked with him.
Indy pointed to Tony’s chest softly pressing into Tony’s t-shirt. “Da?” Tony stiffened.
He positioned her so she was secure in his hold and then stepped back. Tony curled around her, protective, and seemed to instantly relax. Both Tony and Poppy fell asleep in minutes so Bucky sat in the armchair and watched TV so he could keep an eye on both of them.
“Mad and leave me,” Indy cried harder and Tony felt his heart breaking.
“Buppy, baby needs to draw a list for Santa. I help.”
“Love you too. Shall we go have our sons party, Cap?”
“Forever,” Steve agreed.  He settled back onto his own pillow, pulling up Netflix to find a movie.
He reached over and ran his hand over Poppy’s head as she stared at him and he smiled at her. “I’ll talk to you soon Happy.” He carried Indy in to the hospital talking to him as he walked. “You have to listen to me if you’re gonna stay here, all right? And your Papa might seem really sad which I know can be scary but he’s okay and your dad will be okay soon too. Got it?” Indy nodded against his shoulder.
“Holy shit,” Tony exclaimed. Steve ran a hand over his face.
“Now that she can see you she’s probably realizing how much she missed you,” Steve said.
“Just wanna be closer to you,” he mumbled.
Steve glanced from them to his fiancé with the baby still in his lap. “Hey,” he called softly. Tony looked back at him. “Seems like this Christmas was a success.”
Steve sighed. “Okay, I’m sorry you had to deal with this Clint but thank you for trying.”
“Great,” Steve agreed sarcastically. “Come on, buddy. Let’s finish getting you ready for bed.”  He picked Indy up and carried him to his and Tony’s bedroom, laying the boy down at the foot of the bed to get the diaper and pants onto him.
“You are. This is exactly what I wanted tonight. I wanted you to eat a decent meal and get some rest. I just want you to take care of yourself, and when you can’t I just want you to let me help.” Steve turned Tony’s head to look up at him with a gentle hand on his chin. “You’re being such a good boy.” Tony’s breath caught and he closed his eyes against the emotion. “Hey, you don’t have to hide from me,” Steve said softly. Tony opened his eyes and met Steve’s clear blue ones.
“Good, because I like Tony. I know that hurt and I’m sorry for that but you were a good boy and let it happen so thank you.”
“Go on, it’s okay,” Bucky nodded and with a slight pause Tony did finally leave the room.
“Buck,” he started but Tony cut him off.
Sorry it’s been so long since updating! This is a quick chapter but part 2 of it should be up pretty soon as well :)
“Stand up for a sec,” Steve motioned to Tony. He helped his arms into the hoodie and then zipped it up all the way. Tony was drowning in it but he looked cozy and warm.
“Rude. Don’t listen to him I’d never steal from you because we’re best friends, right?”  Indy nodded enthusiastically while he chewed a big bite of waffle and syrup.
A small boy was curled against him but all Bucky could see was the top of his head, dark brown hair messily standing up every which way. “Hey,” Bucky said to alert the kid he was awake. The boy startled and whipped his head up to look at Bucky. He had uncurled a bit so now he could see he was wearing an adult size black muscle shirt, one side hanging loosely off his shoulder. The scoop neck was so large on him it came down to the middle of his stomach leaving Bucky with a full view of the boys chest, arc reactor and all. Bucky sighed. He glanced over to the pile of clothes a couple feet away that the boy must have crawled out of and it definitely looked like what Tony was wearing this morning before their op.
Tony sighed. “I know.” Steve fidgeted with the drawstring of Tony’s pajama pants. “He can stay for now.” Steve’s head snapped up. “In your old rooms. And I don’t want to talk to him,” Tony continued. “I don’t even want to see him and I don’t care if that sounds childish. I can’t. I just can’t right now. We’ll just see what happens, go from there,” Tony trailed off.
“My middle name? Why?”
Indy spends the morning with Tony.
“I know he is. But you haven’t let go of him since you got back, Tony. He’s safe now. You don’t even have to put him in the chair just let me hold him.”
“Up for babysitting duty? It seems Cap and I have a certain event to plan for a certain little boy who shall remain nameless.” Steve smirked and Bucky looked shocked.
“You better.”
“What do you mean, Buck?” Steve asked curiously.
“Well, I don’t mind but what bad behavior? Wait. Tony do you mind if Bucky buys Indy a doll?” Bucky heard some mumbling in the background. “He says why would he care? So, it’s fine.”
“He did it,” Tony spoke with such hatred that Steve shivered. “You killed my parents,” Tony aimed at Bucky.
Steve smiled brightly when he looked up. “Hi Buck. Want some coffee?”
“No, that’s fine. It’s good you stopped it,” Tony nodded.
“Wanna go home,” Tony asked again, looking up at Steve with tears in his eyes.
“I just got up to use the bathroom,” Steve explained. “I heard Indy crying so I checked on him and he had gotten sick, so I was trying to give him a bath and he freaked out.”
Bucky was sitting on the sofa with Indy on his lap, the boys back against Bucky’s chest and his legs spread on either side of the mans thighs. Bucky had his hands resting around Indy’s waist and the boy had the llama still gripped in his hand and he looked like he was telling a story about it, waving it back and forth and making excited noises. Bucky nodded along agreeably as if he understood what the little boy was saying.
“Thank you,” Steve answered softly. “I’m sorry too.”  Steve scooted to the end of the bed moving so his legs dangled off the end and Tony stood in between them. Tony took his hands out of his pockets and placed them on the top of Steve’s head, lightly scratching his fingers through the blonde hair. Steve leaned into Tony, pressing his face into Tony’s stomach and melting into the touch.
“Uh huh,” Tony replied, turning slightly and fidgeting with the computer keys.
“Hey, hey, shh,” Tony soothed.
“No. I mean, I heard you, not no,” Steve stuttered.
“Yeah, I think that’s settled then.” Steve smiled at Tony.
"You would have be an Avenger again," Tony answered and Steve started to interrupt but Tony put his hands up quickly. "The Accords we're amended months ago. I think even you would agree with them now but I can get you a full copy to review. They were always amendable, we just needed to get to a place where we could change what we wanted. If you don't oppose them, we would be a team again." Bucky didn't miss the strain of hope in Tony's voice and he was pretty sure Steve caught it too.
Steve nodded. “100 percent sure.”
Bucky walked over to the back of Indy’s chair. “Thank you, kiddo. That’s a good idea. Can’t hurt to remind Santa,” he agreed. He kissed the top of the boys head then continued on his way out of the room.
Steve froze. "Yeah?" He asked hopefully.
“That’s it,” he ran his hand through Tony’s hair.
-Tony, I don't know if you're going to listen to my message, and that's okay, but I just wanted to add that regardless of your decision to help I would like to talk to you. I need to apologize.-
“Okay sweet talker, you already got me.” He waggled his ring finger at Steve then leaned in to kiss him. A couple seconds into the kiss they both felt tiny hands patting them on their cheeks. The pulled apart to see Indy who was sitting on Steve’s lap looking expectantly at his dad’s.
They all stopped short at the sight of a Quinjet parked next to their SUV.
Annie was nodding. “I understand completely. I’m fine with the sessions being cut short in situations like this, we can just see how each appointment goes and adjust accordingly. We have that flexibility here so please don’t worry about that at all.” She pulled her notebook closer. “Having said that, I do think we had an informative session as far as first ones go.”
“Oh, I’m sure you’ll be a perfect little princess, wont you?” Nat responded, but speaking to Poppy.  “I think you’re challenge is going to be this one today,” she whispered, nodding to the boy who was now jumping on the bed. Bucky huffed a laugh.
“So what were you able to get out of him? After the being tied to the bed part,” Tony asked with barely disguised anger at the thought.  Steve reached out and placed a hand on Tony’s knee giving a gentle squeeze.
“It’s information.” He lifted the folder slowly and then placed it on the coffee table in front of Tony. Tony leaned forward and reached out. “Wait,” Bucky exclaimed loudly. “Just, wait. If you read it first you won’t listen to me.” Tony took his hand back.
Bucky jumped at the disembodied voice. "What the..."
“Poppy staying here forever? Like me?”
“Yeah, that’s fine,” Steve agreed. He placed Tony’s bottom on the stretcher then laid him down gently and swinging his feet up onto the bed. He hadn’t let go of Steve yet so Steve was leaning over him stuck. Bruce handed him an extra pillow which Steve tucked next to Tony and which Tony grabbed onto immediately.
“Yup. Breakfast for lunch. We only had cereal earlier so I figured we’d have something good now. I have chocolate chips and blueberries. What do you think, Tater Tot?”
“Nothing,” Bucky answered quickly.
“More petals,” he explained.
“Yeah. We can take her temperature to be sure. I’ll grab the thermometer,” Steve said as he stood and went to get it from the bathroom.
“Always,” Natasha replied, bringing the small boy down on to her lap.
“What is it, Steve?”
“What about you? You okay?” He stepped forward putting his hand on Tonys forearm.
“What?”
“Tony, it’s okay. What happened?” He could feel the fabric on his shoulder getting damp so Tony was definitely crying. JARVIS had told him what he could about what he heard so Steve had an idea already. Tony was starting to shake. “Oh, sweetheart,” Steve murmured sadly. He kissed the top of Tony’s head, leaving his lips there, breathing in Tony while he waited for him to say something. He gave Tony a couple of minutes to settle but he seemed to be working himself up more somehow so Steve decided to talk instead.
“That’s perfect, Bruce,” Tony said.
“For me?” He questioned, looking back at Steve. Steve nodded.
“I got him,” he said as soon as Tony answered his cell. He couldn’t help his sigh of relief and he all but fell back into the sofa cushions.
Steve cleared his throat. “Now, you said you were sorry to Bruce and he accepted that, but you can’t keep getting away with it. When you misbehave there are consequences. We’ll never hurt you, baby, I promise you that, but you need to be punished. I’m going to put you in a timeout for three minutes where you can just sit and think about what you did and hopefully understand why you can’t do it again.” Steve stood up and walked Indy over to the corner where they had set up a little play area for Indy with a colorful rug and a tiny chair and toys. Steve sat Indy in the chair and turned it slightly away from the living area. “You have to stay here until me or Dad come to get you. Three minutes.”
Steve was woken up a few hours after falling asleep by a shriek very close to his ear. He jerked away but then looked back to see a sleepy looking Tony with his blanky and teddy standing beside his bed.
“Hey there,” Tony said, walking into the room.
"And you are, Mr. Winter Soldier Hydra assassin?"
“Then Bucky came out to the waiting room to tell us your status at the hospital and I kind of had my own meltdown and I hugged him. And I cried on him. So, all in all, great day for me. He was nice about it. Whatever.” Tony huffed. Steve had a small smile on his face. He lifted his hand out of the water and grabbed Tony’s where it was currently cleaning his chest.
“We love you, baby boy. More than anything. Don’t ever doubt that.” Steve stood and brought Luca over to the crib, placing him gently on the center of the soft mattress. Luca cooed and then settled, blinking heavily. “You try to get a good long rest to give Daddy a break, okay? Can you do that?” He ran his hand through his sons soft wisps of hair. “Papa loves you.” Steve quietly left the room, turning the overhead light off which triggered the night light to come on.
Sometimes he just couldn’t get his mind to turn off, and hours on end in the workshop filled with caffeine and no food would begin to affect him. Tonight, Steve decided, he had to put an end to Tony’s latest 72-hour work binge.
“Okay, I’m on my way. Indy, why don’t you give Bucky a hug and you can have breakfast with him.” Bucky took Indy before he could even respond and Tony returned to his bedroom. Steve was sitting on the side of the bed, hunched in on himself.
“It’s okay, shh. I know you didn’t mean to do anything bad. It’s all over now. You’re okay.” He hugged him closer and Indy clung on tight. “You’re a good boy. Calm down, Tater Tot.” Tony tried to soothe him.
Steve stood Indy on the floor and he took Bucky’s hand as they left the room. Steve turned back to Tony, and sat gingerly on the edge of the bed next to him.  “Did he really hurt you? Want be to get a nurse?”
Tony and Steve made eye contact over his head.
“No. My baby,” he stressed.
Tony was beyond grateful when it was off and he brought his hand up to cradle Luca along with Steve’s.
“What’s wrong, baby?” Steve asked, noticing his distress. Indy looked at the shirt in his hands and held it up for Steve to see.
“That’s your Papa’s seat I think,” Bucky said sheepishly as everyone looked at him. “I’ll be right over here.” Indy whined and Tony did not want him to have a meltdown so he spoke up.
So, we tried to backtrack from the moment Bucky showed up because asking him just to tell us about his life there would probably be too broad of a question for his age and maturity so we started with Bucky and the fact that he was on the bed. Bucky said it was afternoon when he got there so I asked things like what he had for lunch and breakfast, what filled the time between the two, what happened the day before that, and so on.”  Steve nodded along anxiously while Tony gripped the hand that Steve still kept on his knee.  “What I gathered so far was that food wise it seemed that they gave him some form of protein bars and probably meal replacement shakes. It was hard for him to describe but that’s what it seemed like he was getting at and he said it was that “all the time” so I assume there was no variety. Bucky did let me know that Indy seemed unfamiliar with the foods he and the two of you were offering when he was first rescued.”
Steve laughed. “Baby, you have to stop apologizing for getting kidnapped, please.” Tony shrugged. Natasha walked back from the cockpit to where Steve and Tony were speaking and Bruce puttered around them.
Bucky and Steve laughed at the same time. Tony shoveled more Mac and cheese into his mouth and the tension in the room dissolved, at least a little bit.
“Sorry, I just freaked out because I didn’t think he should be thinking of me as his dad first, and then when that hit me I just lost it. I don’t know anything about parenting, Steve,” he insisted.
“I can help,” Peter replied loudly. “You can’t stop me from coming.”
Satisfied that he felt okay with the situation now, Tony decided to feed Indy. “Okay lets cut up this banana for you for breakfast. I know you didn’t feel well last night so we’ll start with this and you can have some more food later, sound good?” Indy nodded. Tony placed him on the sofa and Dum-E followed and parked himself next to it. Tony grabbed the banana and cut it up and put the pieces on a small plate which he then placed in front of Indy. “Think you can handle that?”
“Hope Indy doesn’t catch the cold or whatever she has that caused the infection. Maybe we should keep them apart for a couple days,” Steve said.
“Yeah, but he’s so small. He’s almost 3, but I don’t think he’s going to be a 3 in clothes. Let’s try both.” Steve grabbed a 2T and 3T shirt at random.  He pushed the cart off the main aisle and into the jumble of racks and shelves making sure he was tucked out of the way, though no one was in that section with them. “Okay baby, I have to see which of these fits you. Let’s take this off quick.” He pulled Indy’s shirt off and pulled the 3T over his head. “Uh, Tony. It’s huge on him.” Tony looked over and agreed it was way too baggy, which illustrated even more how underweight he was for his age. The fact that they needed to get him checked out more thoroughly by a doctor went unsaid for the moment but the two men shared a knowing glance. Steve took that shirt off and tried the 2T instead.
“Shop,” Indy replied with a hand clap.
“No, it’s fine. We can’t do that,” Tony replied, but stood up to follow anyway.
“Come on, Tony. Let’s go see our boy.” They took the elevator to their personal floor and stepped in to the living area. They couldn’t hear or see anyone yet over the back of the sofa that was facing them but as Steve walked around it he noticed Bucky laying out on his side with Indy cuddled in between his body and the back sofa cushion. Indy’s blue anchor blanket was draped over both of them and Indy was suckling nervously on his pacifier, still gripping tightly to Bucky’s shirt.
“I’ll get him,” Tony said suddenly exiting the room. Steve knew it was more to get away from Bucky then enthusiasm over Bucky being with Indy but Steve was grateful at least that he wasn’t arguing against it.
“I do love her. I know it’s only been 24 hours but, I don’t know. I just do. But I know I’m not her father and that’s fine. I’m okay with being her uncle,” he gave Steve a sad smile. Steve leaned into him and put his head down on Tony’s shoulder, bringing his hand up to rub the baby’s back.
“Shh, that’s it. You’re okay,” he murmured. “Calm down, Bubba.”
“Love you,” Tony responded. “I don’t like what happened with us today. We can disagree but we can’t let it get to that point again.”
“Yeah,” Indy replied easily, munching on a cracker. Tony smiled and leaned over slightly to kiss his cheek.
“Thank you,” Bucky said sincerely. “I have to go somewhere, Indy. You’re gonna hang out with Happy for a little while.” They entered the elevator.
"I can look, no promises though. Wakandan tech might as well be alien." Tony gestured at Bucky to the stool next to his work bench. "Sit."
“I think so,” Steve nodded.
“I help Poppy cuddle Da but gentle,” he said seriously.
Indy pointed to the colorful table. “Wow,” Indy copied Steve. “Birday?”
Steve hauled Indy up onto his lap, sitting sideways facing Tony. He kissed him and held him close and Tony leaned in and kissed his forehead then grabbed the forgotten sippy cup off the coffee table and handed it to his son. Indy grasped it and stuck the spout in his mouth right away, drinking greedily. The two men smiled as they watched him calm down. Steve tilted him back a little so he could drink easier and cradled him in his arms like an infant. Tony scooted close so his side was pressed up against Steve’s.
“No, please.”  Steve smiled sadly. He stood Indy on the floor and kissed his forehead then put his diaper and pants back on.
After a few minutes JARVIS announced that Steve had finished his story so they went to join him in Indy’s room. The little boy was tucked into his toddler bed with the new reindeer on one side and his llama on the other. His teddy bear up next to his pillow keeping watch.
Indy jumped off the bed and led the way to the living room. Bucky was sitting on the armchair near the tree with Poppy on his lap and Indy started to run towards him but stopped in shock when he saw the pile of presents under the tree.
Tony bundled Indy in the blanket and sent a quick text to Happy to meet them in the garage to head to Shield. Indy woke up up as they were in the elevator and snuggled closer to Tony.
“Good. That’s good,” Steve managed to say. Bucky heard Indy sniffling behind him. He flipped the visor down to use the mirror to see in back. Indy was wiping at his eyes and trying to stay quiet.
“I’m here, sweetheart.”  Steve sobbed. And then he couldn’t stop. Bucky must have been  startled because he dropped the phone on Steve’s lap. Tony waited. Bucky pulled Steve against him, bringing Steve’s head down to his shoulder and pulling him tight with an arm around his back. With his other hand he picked up the phone again and now Tony could see them both. “Here, look.” Steve looked back to the screen and Tony went into their bedroom where Indy was napping. Tony turned the camera toward the bed and though he couldn’t see Steve’s face he heard his gasp. Indy was curled up in the middle of the bed, blanket tucked around him and his llama, and a pacifier in his mouth moving rhythmically as he suckled it in his sleep. Tony moved the phone so he was in the frame as well. “There’s your boy, Steve. Safe and sound.” Steve nodded, still crying, but Tony thought they might have been slightly happier tears this time.
Steve smiled. “You better not. I love you.”
“I don’t hate you,” he replied softly. Steve couldn’t help but smile at that.
Tony had teared up and he didn’t feel Iike he could formulate a response so he pushed his seat back and launched himself at Steve who caught him in a big hug, holding him tight against him. He was still sitting so his head ended up against Tony’s chest and Tony had his cheek against the top of Steve’s head.  “I got you, it’s okay,” Steve murmured, feeling the tremors in Tonys body.
Thanks for reading!
“I’ll be back soon, Bubba. Clint, thank’s again.”
“We love you too, Peter,” Steve replied.
“Good.” He leaned over kissing the back of Indy’s head then leaned up higher to kiss Tony. “I love you.”
“Is he okay?” Tony asked eyeing Steve.
“He’s really yours,” he pointed to Steve’s name on the birth certificate to illustrate his point. “We do need to fill in a full name for him though so that can be filed. I know it’s been a hectic few days but now that things are kind of settling I think you need to come up with a name.”
“If it gets to be too much for him shut it down,” Tony said quietly and Steve nodded in agreement.
"I'm sorry about your parents," Bucky said softly. Tony froze. He didn't look up. He couldn't. He closed his eyes and tried not to hyperventilate. Once he trusted himself to speak he shook his head.
“Hi baby boy,” Tony said gently. “I miss you. You having fun with Pete? Huh?” Luca babbled some nonsense. “Wow, you’ve had a busy day,” Tony answered as if Luca told him a story.
“Tony is going to be fine. He’s strong. He’s been through a lot, he can make it through this, too.”
“I found him in Indiana,” Bucky answered sheepishly. Tony nodded and Bucky turned back to Steve. “You wanna hold him, Stevie?”
“Not,” Indy cried. Steve ran his hand down Indy’s back.
“You’re welcome. You’re okay now,” he said, running a hand over head.
“He’s not going near Shield. Bruce will run whatever tests we need and we will figure this out. We’ll keep you updated, but Tony is not going to be put in Shields hands,” Steve said sternly. He could feel Tony’s fingers dancing up and down his back as Tony amused himself, ignoring the rest of the room.
“Pa, no. No safe. Bad,” he pointed at Bruce.
Tony finds out how his parents died - and - Steve and Tony have an argument.
A nurse came in a few minutes later and took the forms. She disconnected the machines and took out the IV. She gave a few last minute instructions and then left them to assist Steve.
Bucky pulled her back a little to look at her. “I’m right here, sweetheart. You were so good for Happy, huh? I’m here now.” He kissed her and swayed to calm her down. “You’re going to wake up Tony if you keep this up,” he said, pressing his lips against her temple.
“You’ll stay with them?” Tony knew Bucky wouldn’t leave but felt like he had to ask anyway.
“You’ll be the best uncle.”
“Hold up,” Tony called after him before he reached the elevator. “Let’s be smart about this.” He plucked the back of Steves shirt between his fingers pulling back to make his point when Steve hadn’t slowed down.
"You're not like, confined to this room or anything, in case you thought that." Tony looked at them and Bucky smirked. He quickly went back down to his workshop.
Steve smirked. “And you’re passing that off on me?”
“Love Da,” Indy replied.
“I’ll get you close so you can give a kiss but you can’t touch anywhere over here,” he gestured to Tony’s chest. He leaned Indy over and the boy gave Tony a kiss on his cheek. Tony turned his head and kissed the boys forehead, raising the hand on that side of the bed and patting the part of Indy’s arm he could reach.
“Hi,” Steve breathed, still looking awestruck.
“Sure did.” He pulled his sleeve up past his forearm so Steve could see the large purpling bruise on the top of his arm.
“I’ll get you some ginger ale and some crackers when we’re done talking, okay? That might help.” He still had doubts as to if he was really sick or just upset but either way it wouldn’t hurt. Indy nodded. “Papa also told me that you weren’t sure if I was going to be your daddy anymore.”
Steve looked down at the floor and sighed. “Tell him it’s not a good time. We’ll call him later.”
Bucky clicked his comms with a tap of his finger. “Stark, trace my location and get here quick.” He knew Jarvis could pinpoint his location quicker than trying to direct any of them to follow his path.
Bucky laughed. “Hey, merry Christmas, Indy.” Indy, suddenly shy, ducked back behind Steve once he got close enough, clutching the other mans leg and hiding his face in the soft sweat-pant material.
“You’re going to eat a good meal,” Steve told him slowly. “You’re going to relax with me and you’re going to do what I say. Okay?”  Tony nodded against Steve’s chest. “Good boy,” Steve whispered into Tony’s hair and the other man shivered. Steve pet Tony’s hair for a few minutes allowing the other man to fully give in to his sub mindset. When he felt the pressure of Tony melting further into him he figured he could bring him upstairs. “Can you sit up for me, sweetheart?”
“We’ll be landing in 5 so get ready,” she announced. Steve took Luca so he could sit himself down and buckle up while keeping hold of his baby. Bruce made sure Tony was strapped onto the table and then sat down himself while Natasha returned to her seat next to the pilot.
Tony shook his head. “Nothing hurts. Maybe a little disoriented, but I’m fine.”
Tony looked at Steve, at his husband, and smiled warmly. “I couldn’t imagine anything more perfect than this. Us being married, having a son,” he nodded at Indy, “and all our friends.”
“Hi, kiddo. Happy birthday.”
Steve scooped a little broth onto the spoon and held it in front of Indy. “Try some of this, see if you like it.” Indy leaned forward, mouth open comically wide, then loudly tried to slurp the liquid into his mouth. Half of it ran down his chin. Steve chuckled, wiping at him with a napkin. “What do you think? Taste good?” Indy nodded enthusiastically and Steve kissed the top of his head. “Good.” He scooped a carrot and a noodle on the spoon this time and held it up to Indy who took it immediately. “Chew good, baby.”
"What? Tony, no. I'm not pretending," Steve tried to convey his sincerity.
“Yes. What’s going on?” Steve asked hesitantly.
“Thank you. This is perfect, I love you too. And don’t worry about happened earlier, okay?” Bucky kissed his forehead and Indy went back to the bag.
“Stay with,” he gasped in a small breath, “stay with Bucky an’ Teev.”
“I heard,” Happy replied with a smirk.
“No. It’s just a big deal, right? We’re having a birthday party today for our child. It’s all very domestic.”
Another update! It’s not too long but hey, its an update. They’ll be a Christmas Day one too! Coming soon ;)
“There’s snacks and other drinks in the bag for all of us so help yourselves to anything,” Pepper told them.
Bucky rolled his eyes when Natasha looked up at him and she smirked. She ruffled the boys hair then stood and approached Bucky and the baby.
Tony paused to really look at Steve and smiled. “I love you too.” He clapped his hands together breaking the moment. “Okay, come on. Time to get out.” He helped Steve dry off, wrap the towel around his waist, and walk to their bedroom. He found the coziest pajamas he could find and got him dressed. “All right, in you go,” he gestured to the bed.
“He’s going to need his diaper changed too,” Tony added hesitantly.  The woman glared at him but left the room and returned a minute later with one pack of diapers.
Bucky looked over to Indy and smiled warmly. “I think I could manage the occasional puzzle.” He looked up and met Tony’s gaze. “But, um, I can go now,” he added nervously. Steve looked between the two sadly. Bucky stood up and Steve did as well.
“Are you hungry, kiddo?” Bucky asked.
“I don’t know,” Steve huffed, annoyed.
“Let me know if there’s any other issues but I’ll get what you need from the medical and send it up for you.”
“Hi,” Steve greeted, chuckling, because he may as well not even be there for all Tony noticed before having coffee. Tony moaned in reply to Steve because he refused to put the mug down long enough.  When he turned though he noticed it wasn’t just his boyfriend in the room. He made eye contact with Bucky and the soldier glanced away quickly.
“Hey,” he called to Bucky getting his attention.
“Indy!” He replied excitedly, probably from being bounced more than anything. Steve laughed.
“Buck,” Steve exclaimed. “Oh thank God.” Steve surged forward causing Tony to bury his head further into the hoodie. Bucky held his hand up to slow Steve.
“Don’t, Tony,” Steve replied, anger barely in check. Tony ignored him.
“It’s a holiday. Another first with this little peanut so we’re not gonna waste it sleeping. Sleep is for the weak,” he jostled Indy’s hand in his.
“No, I’ll stay here if you’re okay.” Tony unzipped the hoodie and lifted his shirt then took Luca from Pepper and held him to his chest. Once Luca latched on Tony relaxed.
"I'm messing with you. Jesus. Breathe," Tony told him, putting his tools down and looking at the man on the stool. Bucky did take a deep breath, looking pained as he did it. "Again," Tony ordered, when it seemed necessary.
“Hurts,” Tony whispered.
“It’s a seat just for you, buddy,” Steve told him. “So we can shop and I’ll push you around like this, see?” He pushed the cart heading down the first aisle and Indy’s eyes widened. Tony laughed.  “Let’s head to kids clothes first, looks like its back here,” Steve nodded in the direction they were headed. “We have to figure out a size, first.”
Steve smiled at that. “You can make it up to me by getting better.” He kissed Tony’s forehead. “I love you, too.”
“I know, I know,” Tony rolled his eyes. “It’s a step closer to home anyway.”
Indy looked up at him then pointed at the doll. “My baby?”
“Hey, Mr. Rogers, I uh, I’ve been keeping an eye on them the whole time, I promise,” Peter said as he walked back in the room. “The woman came over the intercom in Tony’s room and told him he could feed the baby just a few minutes ago. Other than that there’s been no activity. Tony and Luca woke up just a little while ago and Luca cried a little but now he’s being fed so,” he trailed off.
“Thank you, baby. Apology accepted.” He bounced Tony in his arms a little as he cried some more. “You ready to say you’re sorry to Clint too?”  Tony nodded against his shoulder.
"Please. Compared to Stevie, I sure am," he laughed.
“For me?” Indy asked, grasping it with both hands.
Tony sensed the hesitation and explained. "I can't exactly numb your metal arm to work on it if it's attached to you, it would just be needless pain. Take it off and I can work on it without worrying about that."
“Hey kiddo, come here.” Indy grabbed onto Bucky and held him tight and Bucky felt the little hitch in is breath as he started to cry softly. Bucky rubbed his back.  “You’re okay, buddy. I’m gonna get him some juice,” he said to Steve. “Make sure they don’t roll off the sofa?” He nodded toward Tony and Poppy.
"Yeah, okay." Bucky reached up to his shoulder and pressed the release mechanisms, twisted it a little and then it released. He placed it on the table gently.
“Can you check on Bucky? He’s been hiding up there since we got back.”
“I broke the table,” Tony said, looking off to the side where the shattered glass still littered the area.
“I can’t just stay here,” he replied, shaking his head.
Steve bent down to kiss Tony on top of his head. “Peter will be happy to see you. He’s been really worried. I mean everyone was, but he stayed with me at home the whole time. Neither of us wanted to leave you alone, as if watching the livestream helped any.” Steve shook his head, exasperated.
Bucky turned back. “Let’s go,” he said sternly. He stepped forward and leaned over to grab Indy’s hand but the boy pulled away.
“Coming for Tony?” The little boy asked with disbelief.
“Pa.”  Steve kissed the offending hand before Indy put it down.
“I think it came with a name actually,” Bucky announced, rummaging through the box he had torn open. “Yup. A birth certificate.” He handed a little piece of paper over to Steve which did indeed look like a replica birth certificate.
“Just wait and see, Munchkin. Baths are comfy and warm and you get all clean and me and Papa get to hang out with you for a bit. All good things.” Tony ruffled his hair. “Maybe tomorrow I can give you a bath with no tears? Think we could try that?” Indy shrugged. Tony booped him on his nose with his finger. “You’ll see, I’ll make it fun.”
“No Buppy. I come see Papa and Da.” He stamped his foot for good measure. Bucky sighed and rearranged Poppy against him.
“No, wait,” Tony gasped out. “Sit. Hold him for a second, just don’t go anywhere, stay right there with him,” Tony said urgently, passing Luca to him. Steve watched, eyes narrowed, unsure where this was going. But once Luca was safely seated on Peter’s lap Tony dropped to his knees in front of Steve. Steve gasped.
“Cutest boy I’ve ever seen,” Steve added. Indy smiled and started to step towards them so Tony picked him up.
“Ready to go in?” He asked. Tony nodded, more sure of himself this time.
“What are you smiling at?” Tony questioned.
“Yeah, Buppy! I give the rings, is important,” he exclaimed.
“I told Steve I’d ask the doctor if he could go home tonight. I should do that before he wakes up.” Tony started to gently extricate himself from the bed without waking it’s other two occupants. He managed it, barely. Steve snuffled when his head fell further into the pillow without Tony’s side in the way but his eyes stayed closed.
“So we’ll schedule another appointment?” Tony asked.
“Yeah Crim-mas tree!”
Tony reached out and let Poppy hold his finger. She grabbed it and bounced her arms up and down, babbling the whole time. “You’re not tired at all are you?” Tony asked.
"I love him, Tony. He's my family. He's like my brother. I'd do anything for him...but, it shouldn't have been at your expense. It sure as hell never should have turned violent. That's all on me and like I said I'm so sorry." Steve sighed. "Do you think, I mean I shouldn't even ask, but is there any possibility that you'll ever forgive me?" Steve looked so damn hopeful, Tony turned away.
“Tony?” Steve called softly.
“Right now. Where is he? You came down here, you probably told him what to do. So, what?” Tony spat angrily.
“I love Luca. It’s fun spending time here,” Peter replied.
“Are we talking about how great baths are?”
“It’s been a long day, Bubba. We can at least relax a little bit on the sofa. Wanna watch a cartoon?” Tony agreed to that so he sat with him and flipped stations until he found something age appropriate and within five minutes the boy was sound asleep. Steve smirked as he picked him up and put him in the plush armchair, curled up and resting his head on the arm of the chair then pulled the blanket off the back of the sofa and tucked it in around Tony. He looked warm and cozy so he went back to the kitchen to talk to Bucky. “Jarvis, let me know if he starts to wake up, please.”
“Eventful day?” Tony said when Bucky placed the bag on the counter.
“He did, Captain.”
Bucky shrugged. “I don’t even know, Stevie,” he replied brokenly.
“Bucky.” Steve said disbelieving. “This is big. I had the same freak out when you told me about Indy.”
Tony came back in the room, closing the door behind him. “I found your friend,” he announced,  producing the little teddy bear from behind his back with a flourish. He threw himself on to his side of the bed, bouncing everyone a little, and placed the bear on Indy’s chest. “There you go.”
“M’ happy,” Tony replied. Steve smiled a little.
“I promised her she wouldn’t be hurt anymore,” Bucky said as if Steve hadn’t spoken. Tony stood and walked over to Bucky before he started to disassociate. He put his hand on Bucky’s shoulder and the other on the arm that cradled Poppy.
“No, not whatever, Tony. I didn’t purposely keep anything from you,” Steve insisted.
“I doubt that, sweetheart.”
“Okay, let’s see.” He pulled a stethoscope out of the medical bag he had fully stocked since no one wanted to accept that he wasn’t that type of doctor. “I’m just going to have a listen to her chest, see if it sounds clear,” he explained for Bucky’s sake, to make him feel more comfortable. He listened to a few different places on her chest and then had Bucky sit her up to do the same on her back. “Sounds good.” He put that away and took his next tool out to check inside her ears. He held her ear lobe out and pressed the scope in then did the same to the other side but that time she batted his fingers away as best she could. “One second, almost done, Poppy.” He put the tip of the scope in and she screeched and then sobbed. Bucky tensed, gripping her tighter and shooting a menacing glance at Bruce. “Okay, okay,” he soothed. He pulled back to speak to Bucky before continuing. “I know she doesn’t like it but I’m going to have to look in her ear, Bucky. I’m assuming it’s an ear infection by the reaction but I can’t prescribe medication without knowing for sure.”
“That was the plan but I have one more late meeting now. I’ll have to leave in the morning instead so I should be home around noon.” Tony didn’t look happy at this development.
“Not nice,” Indy replied sadly.
“I’m going to stay, sweet boy. It’s okay,” he consoled. Tony poked his head in the door since Steve was taking so long getting Indy ready.
“We gotta get you some clothes, huh?” Steve mentioned. Tony shrugged.
"You were defending yourself from me. I attacked you. I shouldn't have, I'm sor-
“I’m pissed, Steve,” he snapped. “He’s been here for days and he springs this now.” Tony shook his head as he stood up, throwing the tools he had in the box on the tabletop. Steve winced at the loud clanging sound. “Not that it matters. Fact is there was never an accident, it was cold blooded murder. And that murderer is here.” Tony turned toward Steve suddenly.  “I hope you know he can’t stay.”  Steve sighed.
“I help,” Indy said loudly, bouncing on his knees on the sofa, renewed with energy after his short nap. Steve laughed, walking forward and scooping Indy up into his arms, knowing the baby would rather stay with Tony anyway.
“How is he?” Steve asked.
Tony was already shaking his head. “No. It already hurt he just rubbed against the side of my chest here where there’s stitches. It’s fine.” Steve gripped his hand and rubbed his thumb against the back of Tony’s hand.
"He speaks," Tony murmured. Bucky smirked.
Steve looked down at Luca who had woken up just a few minutes ago but looked wide awake and curious. “You’re gonna spend some time with your Auntie Pepper today, baby.” He ran a finger down his sons cheek and Luca made a squeaking sound in return. Steve smiled. “You’re gonna have a good time, I promise. And Daddy and Papa will be right here if you need us, okay? Okay.” Steve answered his own question and headed to the bedroom where Tony was changing. He sat on the end of their bed, watching Tony as he picked out some new clothes for the day.
Peter was sitting on the sofa playing peek-a-boo with Luca sitting on his lap facing him. He heard a buzz and saw that Steve’s phone was on the coffee table. He looked and saw that someone was calling. A picture of Tony holding Luca lit up the screen and the name HUSBAND across the top. Peter wondered if he should answer it. He grabbed it and accepted the call.
“Happy, Thank you. I’ll keep you updated. I’m just going to talk to Indy for one second.” He got out of the car in front of the hospital and pulled open the back door. He propped himself on the edge of the seat so he could face Indy at his level. “Hey. Look at me for a second.” He waited for Indy to look up. “I’m sorry I yelled at you. You’re dad is going to be okay buddy. He’s going to get the help he needs here.” Bucky sighed. “I’m going to help your Papa and once we’re all settled you can come back and see him, okay?” Indy was still crying quietly. “Okay?” Bucky repeated. Indy nodded. “I love you, kiddo.” Bucky leaned forward and kissed his forehead.
“That’s a really cute llama, baby. Can you say thank you to Bucky for giving it to you?”
“Look at you being a good dad, huh?” She smiled down at him and smiled back trying to blink back tears.
He walked into the nursery with the bottled water he had gone to get for Tony. He found him where he had left him, in the rocking chair in the nursery. Now their son was against his chest, head on Tony’s shoulder. He had finished feeding and Tony was trying to coax a burp out of him. “Come on, bambino. I’m trying to help you out here,” he whispered.
“Ah,” Luca screeched and clapped his hands.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony?” Steve questioned, sitting up straighter, on alert. Tony’s head whipped up to look at Steve and then to Bucky where he held his gaze.
Luca gurgled at his Dad on the screen as Tony waved and made faces at him. Steve entered the room and stepped up behind the sofa so he was in the camera’s view and smiled at his husband. “Hey you.”
"Yes, and I want pizza so that arguments settled," he said, seeing the pizza and Chinese menus in front of them. "But first, I have a proposition for both of you." He was nervous broaching this subject with them, Steve specifically. He bounced on the balls of his feet lightly, nervous energy coursing through him. Steve though, for his part, must have assumed it was important because he turned and gave Tony his full attention, hands clasped in front of him.
“Poppy come here?” Indy asked, voice muffled against Tony’s side.
"Of course," Steve answered quickly.
“What do you have there?” Steve asked, amused.
“Say hi to Daddy.”
“Bucky will bring him back soon, Peanut. Don’t worry.” Tony kissed his cheek.
“Good.”
“Actually, if you want to give it to him now you can. If we do it all at once it’ll be too much for him.” Steve sat down next to Bucky and stood Indy up on the floor at the coffee table. Bruce put the gift bag on the table in front of him. Tony entered the room with a platter of vegetables and dip which he put on the end table.
“Daddy’s right, sweet boy. This is safe, okay?” Steve leaned in and kissed Indy.
“Sorry,” he said sadly.
"It is pretty good, I'll give him that," Bucky added, trying to shake off the edge of panic so Steve didn't see.
“I know. I know you do,” Steve said. “Once you feel a little better, okay?” Tony looked like he was about to burst into tears so Steve kept talking. “And I’ll stay here the whole time okay? And Indy will come visit. And when the doctor says its okay I’ll take you straight home, I promise.”
“And why was I not invited to this party?” Tony asked, suddenly in the doorway.
No on thought twice about, or even saw, the llama.
“Come on.” He looked between Bucky and Tony. “I know this is hard, but we’re bound to all be in the same room at times. So, Bucky, please. What were you going to say?” Steve waited for a response and when he got none he pressed further. “What’s in the bag?” Bucky remained silent and looked seconds away from bolting from the room.
“Bruce said to start with 5 or 6 to see how it settles in his stomach,” Steve told his husband and Tony nodded with a sad smile. Luca ate six quickly and then they put the puffs off to the side. “You both need a bath,” Steve told Tony. “You up to having one now? He can go in with you.” Tony looked like he was about to disagree but Luca did also need to be cleaned desperately so it made sense to do it together.
Steve groaned, running a hand over his face. “Let’s do it.”
“Love you too, Luca.” Peter left and Steve stepped closer to Tony and his son. He wrapped his arms around them and hugged them close.
“I don’t even wanna think about that,” Tony sighed. “Let’s hope there’s something that tells us she was at the same facility as Indy so we’ll know for sure. I hope these were the only two kids and that we have them now and that’ll be it.”
“How’d it go?” Tony asked. He pulled himself closer to Steve so Bucky could sit on the end cushion.
“Blue bear like Papa,” he said, holding the bear out to Tony. Tony slowly raised his hand and Steve could tell it was hard for him but he managed to grab the bear.
“Okay, what did I say you had to do before opening that?” Bucky asked Indy as they walked into the living room. Indy was carrying the bag that contained his doll even though it was half his size.
“Safe,” Indy whispered hugging it tight and cuddling into Tony’s chest.
“We’ll sit right here,” Tony said placatingly. He sat in the armchair next to the sofa, fixing Indy on his lap so he was facing out. He squirmed but Tony held tight. “Bruce has to finish helping Papa so you sit here.” Steve took off his shirt and leaned back on the cushions. Bruce got out some gauze and antiseptic to clean the worst of the cuts still left. He examined his chest, back and arms.
“There we go,” Steve said. “That’s nice and warm, right?” Indy didn’t answer but he rubbed at his eyes with his small fist. “I know you’re tired, we’ll be quick.” Steve grabbed a washcloth and began to wipe the boys chest. Bucky sat on the edge of the tub so he was in Indy’s line of sight. “Had he been sick at all with you?” Steve asked Bucky.
“Yeah. It does.” Steve reached over Indy so that his arm was over the boy and hand resting on Tony’s stomach. He rubbed his thumb over Tony’s t-shirt and shifted slightly closer. As close as he could get with their son still between them. He turned on the movie but they both drifted off shortly after, completely content.
“You okay with that?” Bucky asked.
“Hey, how are you feeling?” He asked Steve, approaching the sofa where the super soldier was currently relaxing with his son.
Natasha laughed. “What about you?
Steve walked down the hallway in to the living room, picking up stray toys and Tony’s teddy bear along the way, wondering how they amassed so many kid things in such a short amount of time.
Indy nodded in agreement. “Candy?” He asked, eyeing the chocolate on the table.
“Good job, sweetheart. I think it’s time to rein in this excitement though. It’s late.” He put the boy back on the bed near the pillow. “Lay down, we’ll get you tucked in.”
“Steve,” Tony said after a few minutes. “Thank you. You were right about me needing this today and we do need to make some changes. I get that.” Steve smiled brightly.
Bucky took a moment to marvel at the fact that this was neither surprising nor unbelievable to him.
The four of them found the door and waited. Steve held his breath but he did soon hear a mechanical whir. The box was unlocking and the metal door creaked and then, just, popped open. Natasha hummed.
"Okay. Good...Great." Tony stood and offered a handshake to Bucky who took it excitedly. Steve's handshake or any contact at all was a longer time coming and felt monumental. He held it out to him and was proud to see it held steady. Steve grasped the offered hand and looked genuinely happy. He tugged a little towards himself and put his other arm out in a silent question but not forcing it. Tony rolled his eyes and closed the distance, letting their hands fall apart and bringing both up around Steve's back. Steve clapped him once on the back and then held on. Tony felt him shake a little and figured he might be crying. He let him have the moment and didn't pull away.
“You said in the workshop the other day that you wanted this. Wanted this with me,” he stressed. Tony looked up quickly.
“We have to do them spaced out or he’ll think it’s too much so he opened Bruce’s. If one of you wants to give him yours now then we can wait a bit for another one,” Steve told everyone.
Tony groaned. “Ugh, you’re so annoying sometimes,” he whined, but Steve could see he was giving in and smiled at him. Tony sat down on the arm of the sofa next to Steve. “He just, he told me he hated me,” Tony mumbled softly. “Doesn’t matter, he’s a kid. He was mad.” Tony was shaking his head.
Steve huffed a laugh. “We can watch a movie? Not this one,” he said as he glanced at the talking cartoons.
“Clint?”
“Is everything okay?” Tony asked quickly, getting up instantly.
“It’s not his.” Tony looked up, grateful for that. He gulped.
They all regrouped in one of the conference rooms, Clint and Bruce now joining them.
"Tell him I need to make a phone call and then I'll be up. Tell them not to order without me, Fri."
Tony carefully turned the door handle, snuck in, retrieved the backpack, and returned to the hallway quickly and without incident. “J, when Bucky wakes up tell him his backpack is right outside his door and tell him why.”
“FRIDAY? Who’s around that can watch the kids. Tony’s hurt I have to get to the hospital.”
“Nope. Bucky can take the kids home for the night, I’m not leaving you.”
“I love you so much,” Steve said fiercely. “Today was perfect.” Tony smiled and agreed.
Steve was hunched over Indy so Bucky put his hand on the other mans back, running it up and down in what he hoped was soothing. “Rhodey and Pepper are on their way. Tony will get what he needs and he’ll be okay.” Steve nodded but didn’t look at him. Bucky wanted to say more, ask what happened, but not with Indy there.
“Hey. He’s going to be okay. And when he’s better you can make your announcement.” Steve nodded but he didn’t seem too sure. Bucky clapped his hand on Steve’s knee. “Congratulations, pal. I know it sucks right now but I’m happy for you.”
