"Then we keep looking before we're fucked," Sam said, "
“Sam,” Castiel said, “this building is warded against angels. I was unable to enter. I believe Gabriel is in danger.” At that, Sam immediately rushed back inside, Dean on his heels. When he looked around, he could see neither Gabriel nor the woman he was dancing with.
* * * * *
“Anyways,” Bobby picked the story back up, “everyone was still paranoid about MJ and I being hunted, so Dad homeschooled us. Top-notch education, too. Even though I’m sixteen, I just graduated from high school curriculum with full honors and scholarship offers.” Sam beamed at his son with pride. “But on one of our family outings when MJ was twelve and I was ten, we were kidnapped by this demon bastard named Crowley and his lackeys. Seriously, if Grandma Mary hadn’t started our covert training so young, we would never have been able to escape. MJ is a kick-ass fighter, and she distracted them until I was able to exorcise all of the demons except Crowley.”
Dean shook his head. “So now we gotta figure out how to get them out.”
Dean groaned, fantasy aborted. He sluggishly got up and pulled on a fresh pair of boxers and a tee, mindlessly heading to the kitchen for coffee. He had a feeling this was gonna be a long day.
At that, Lucifer let out a loud laugh. “Are you shitting me?” he said incredulously. “If there’s one thing the Winchesters excel at, it’s self-blame. It’s like they get a hard-on from it.”
"Cas," he choked out. "Cas, I'm gonna come, angel." Cas grasped his cock at the base, stopping Dean's orgasm before it started. He let off his dick wetly, strands of spit stringing to his lips. Dean groaned at the sight. He took a few deep breaths until he was back from the edge then nodded to Cas.
Gabriel had officially moved into Sam's room in the bunker, snapping up a California King-sized bed that took up most of the room so that Sam would be more comfortable. He had tried to use his mojo to expand the dimensions of the room, but the walls just wouldn't budge. Whatever the Men of Letters had done while building the bunker, they did it extremely well.
He arrived on Dean’s doorstep with reusable grocery bags in each hand. He had his seasoned grass-fed Angus beef, cheese and toppings, fresh buns from a local bakery, and potatoes for homefries all ready for him to cook up for them. He also had some mini caramel apple pies he would deep fry and two pints of vanilla bean ice cream. Never let it be said that Castiel Novak did not appreciate good food.
"I could try holy fire," he said, mimicking her obstinate stance. "What you did was reckless, dangerous, and you scared the shit out of all of us!"
“Grigori,” Castiel answered her. “We just received word that Lady Antonia and two hunters intercepted one in England and killed him." Dean looked at Cas, just realizing that the angel had heard both sides of the phone conversation.
“That was almost a year ago for us,” Bobby continued. “We’d split up, switching up into groups of one kid, one Winchester, and one angel, always on the move so no one would find us. The angels figured that out and kinda herded us together, trapping us in one of our safehouses. Uncle Sam told us about the spell Henry did and we came up with the plan to hide out in the past, try to come up with a plan to change the future since it wasn’t set in stone. I cast the spell, but when the time came, Uncle Cas shoved us through the door while you all stayed behind to buy us time so no one could follow us through.” He sighed, looking down at his hands. “And that brings us to here and now.”
"Yeah, I can do that," he grinned. "One of the perks of the job is being able to get through more data faster and without the need to sleep."
Castiel was startled by the smooth voice pulling him from the music, but even more startled to find that it belonged to Dean Winchester. He quickly recovered though, not giving the man the satisfaction of knowing he caught him off guard. Dean must have thought he was someone else, because his face dropped minutely before recovering, playing it off as though he knew who he was all along.
“Lady,” Dean said in the kindest, most non-threatening voice he’d ever used, “Cas is so damned talented that he could play for the Pope naked and everyone would think it was the most awesome thing in the world. He’s loved by everyone he works with, and most of all by me. He doesn’t need you or your nasty attitude. Now if you don’t mind, I’m going to take my kind, talented, insanely gorgeous boyfriend home so I can show him how much I love him. I’d say it was nice meeting you, but my mom really loved me and raised me right, teaching me not to lie. Have a good evening.”
“Damn, Cas,” Dean said softly, tucking himself back into his jeans and fastening them back up, “I’m starting to think I might be a bad influence on you.” He looped his arms around Cas’ waist, pulling him close.
“I cross-referenced their names with their government ID photos, then searched all available security cameras in the town-ATMs, convenience stores, banks-and searched the timestamps to correspond with the time they were affected.” Sam was thoroughly impressed with his son.
"I'll take the baby," MJ started.
“Sounds like a plan!” Dean grinned. “What do you have in mind?”
“Don’t care,” said Dean. “We’re getting her out, even if it means freeing Lucifer in the process. How do you like that?”
As their breathing slowed, they heard a slow clap from a few feet away. They both looked up to see Castiel, head tilted in adorable confusion, and Gabriel applauding the performance. They looked back at each other, eyes comically widening as they realized what they'd just done and Dean jumping away as fast as he could.
Dean from the past inched slowly towards Cas. "Hey angel, you doing okay?" he asked. "I'm still learning about all this angel crap, but seeing short stack standing over you with that angel blade scared the shit outta me. You wanna read my mind, make sure you can trust me before you show off that peanut?"
Dean took a deep breath.
Sam was sitting at his laptop in the war room, but he wasn’t really looking at it. Leaning back in his chair with his arms crossed over his chest, he was thinking about everything that had happened since his brother’s birthday and about the two kids that came into their lives.
Castiel knew who Humphrey Bogart was, but had never seen any of his movies, and couldn’t place the movie quote, tilting his head to one side as he thought about it but couldn’t figure it out. “I don’t understand that reference.”
It was when Sam escaped the death grip that Gabriel usually had on him while he napped that he heard the sounds coming from Bobby’s room. There are notes, chords, riffs. He tapped lightly on his son’s door and the sounds stopped, followed by a “come in.” Sam was surprised to see Bobby sitting in his bed, relaxed against the headboard with an acoustic guitar in his hands.
“Papa?” Dean asked. “What do you mean Papa?”
Dean took another fortifying breath, then took Cas’ hands in his. Castiel looked down at their hands before giving Dean his full attention again.
“Well, Sam is very talented, and I’m sure he would succeed at anything he put his mind to.”
Gabriel was never known for his patience or level-headedness, and thanks to the elder Winchester he ran out of both very quickly. With a snap of his fingers, Dean was on his knees, unable to move or speak. Gabriel slowly set his feet on the floor and rose from his chair, stalking Dean like a big cat, circling him until he stood directly in front of the man.
“My treat, dude.” Then he said with a wink, “I'm a gentleman, I know how to treat a date.”
over to Dean, knowing he could do it more justice than Castiel himself ever could. Dean hugged him tight, unshed tears in his eyes. Their working relationship became even more seamless.
“Well, it was difficult to enjoy when the scientific terms were not only incorrect but the made-up ones sounded completely ludicrous.”
When MJ explained to everyone what happened, Sam and Bobby laughed, but when Gabriel smelled the empty jar and held it out for Castiel to do the same, they both frowned.
Kevin stood up. “Let me say hi to Bobby real quick, then I’ll get to work on that… stuff,” he said with a smile. He headed down the hallway to Sammy’s nursery and poked his head in. Bobby was asleep in the rocker in the corner of the nursery, baby Sammy asleep on his chest. Being an angel, he could see their wings; Sammy’s wings spread out over Bobby’s chest, and Bobby’s wings wrapped around the baby.
Bobby huffed a little, strumming the strings a little softer. “Just stuff.”
It was bound to happen, and everyone knew it. Dean, Cas, and MJ had gone on a standard salt and burn that had gone south. When the ghost had attacked MJ, Dean had jumped to her rescue, pushing her out of the way before the malicious ghost could bring his knife down on her, slashing Dean across the back of his neck and shoulders. In order to keep the ghost from harming anyone else, MJ had to distract the ghost while Cas finished salting and burning the remains. Precious seconds were lost getting help to Dean, who lay on the ground bleeding out.
“They’re an acquired taste,” Lucifer said with an air of snobbery. “They’re a good power boost, but not my idea of fine dining.”
“Not at all, Sammy,” Dean replied. “We just had a heart to heart last night, and apparently that’s when it happened. No flashing lights or big production. All of a sudden we were just, I dunno,
Cas leaned his head on Dean's shoulder and put one finger in the baby's grasp. He pushed the smallest amount of grace towards Sammy, making him squirm in Dean's arms. Dean chuckled at the wiggling baby. "What do you think," Dean asked Cas softly, "think little man is ready for a change, then bed?" Cas nodded. He reached two fingers towards the baby, but Dean stopped him. "Let me take care of it," he said. After a couple good burps, a diaper change, and a fresh onesie, Dean laid the sleepy baby down in the bassinet, kissing his forehead.
“Fuck, what other angel do we know who Sam would hook up with? I mean, we’re not on good terms with any of them, and the ones we did get along with are dead.” Dean took a few deep breaths and stood up.
“I’m not old,” Dean muttered, setting his mother’s cello in the music room next to his electric cello before heading out to the garage.
Sam’s hand warmed, felt weighted, and when he opened his eyes and looked down there was a ring in his hand. Gabriel gasped and picked it up to look at it closer. What looked like pair of twined ivy vines was made up of hundreds of words in different
he’ll only give the information to MJ.”
Gottfried Feder had not assumed extracting the spark of life from the angel would be easy, but by now he was becoming frustrated. The lab was utterly destroyed. They had kept the angel sedated in an effort to make the extraction easier, but every time they touched the angel’s abdomen a bright, white pulse radiated from his body, killing anyone in the room and destroying equipment. They tried every manner of bladed weapon they had, but the same thing happened every time. The loss of life had not bothered Herr Feder because once they retrieved that spark they would be able to resurrect them, but the time and effort were draining his resources.
Sam grabbed the Dean next to Cas and drug him out of the room, everyone leaving and the woman closing the door behind them. Sam threw the Dean he was holding against the wall, pinning him with his arm against the man's throat.
for a reason, Cas.
“Gabriel, may I have a word with you please,” Cas said in his normal voice, although Gabriel could tell by the subtle nuance in his voice that he was nervous about something. “In private.”
Cas!” Dean yelled at him. Castiel just looked at him with his usual neutral look on his face. “What the hell is wrong with you?” Dean got in his face and grabbed him by the shoulders, forcing the angel to look him in the eyes. “Our brothers just lost a child and you’re all business as usual! How can you just act like that shit didn’t happen?”
"I had not thought to ask what has become of Claire in the future," he said with shame in his voice.
Gabriel announced himself by first knocking, then entering Castiel’s home with a loud, “hey, Cassie!” Castiel looked up, then looked back down at the clock in the corner of the computer screen. It was late, and he had done nothing productive that day. He smiled at himself.
Very gently, he wiggled his fingers into Gabriel’s abdominal cavity until both hands were wrist deep. He slid his hands underneath the amniotic sac and gently lifted it from Gabriel’s body. He shifted it to one hand and reached for the angel blade again as the observation windows shattered. Herr Karl looked over his shoulder then quickly turned back to his work, trying to cut the cord and detach the sac before the intruders could intercept him.
Sam was standing on a ladder by the door chiseling the new sigils into the walls when Gabriel appeared with a stack of lumber. “Hey,” he called over his shoulder, “What do you have there?”
Standing next to their bed, Gabriel ran his hands up Sam’s chest, resting them on the back of his neck before pulling him down for a long, slow kiss, Sam’s fingers playing in the hair at the nape of his neck. Sam tried pushing them back towards the bed, but Gabriel stopped him, breaking their kiss.
“You were First Chair in Chicago. Why’d you come to Kansas City?”
“Hallelujah,” MJ said quietly, smiling at her dads. Dean looked at her a little surprised, then smiled at her right back. “Yeah,” Dean replied to her, leaning into Cas’ shoulder. “Hallelujah,” he whispered to Cas, smiling like he’d just gotten everything he ever wanted.
"I just want to help put Lucifer back in the cage so you can rule Hell without his interference. Interested?"
Sam squealed and squirmed, laughing and playfully crying “stop!” until their erections brushed. The groans that drew from both men sparked a sense of urgency between them. Sam grabbed Gabriel’s face again and assaulted his mouth, and Gabriel grabbed Sam’s hips and ground into him for all he was worth. Their hips bucked against each other as their tongues fought for dominance, a battle of passion at the end of a long and costly war, both reaching for a victory they knew they needed to survive. Arms grappled to pull each other closer, legs moving to find the best angle of attack. They rode hard against each other until finally Gabriel squeezed Sam tightly and screamed into his shoulder, spilling across their stomachs. Sam moved his hips faster and faster, Gabriel’s come slicking his movements until his hips stuttered and Sam cried out his own release.
The expression on Cas' face never changed, but Dean felt a storm of emotion from Cas through their bond. "I can accept that Dean, thank you." Cas kissed Dean's forehead. "Now get some sleep."
“Yeah, well this nerd saved your butt by being a text away with the information you need to survive a hunt, so stow it,” Bobby snarked.
“Well, it’s either you or Mary,” Gabriel said with a shrug.
Cas took off after they ate a couple BLTs and downed a couple sodas. Dean made sure to clean up the music room, and especially the piano, of any evidence before Sam got home. He leaned against the piano and closed his eyes, remembering how Cas looked sprawled out on top of it. Yeah, that was definitely going in the spank bank.
“I knew it!” he yelled. “I knew MJ would try something! Cas,” he asked, “can you track her? We need to know where they went.”
“Hey Sammy, hey Krissy,” Dean called out. “Ignore me, it’s been a day.”
"Do you think Crowley's taking a run at expelling the angels from Heaven, like Metatron did?" Sam asked.
“Will it even work without Death’s ring?” Sam asked.
“Oh, for- Cas!” Dean called out to his angel. Castiel appeared right behind him and said “hello, Dean,” making him jump about a mile and making both Sam and Gabriel snicker in amusement. Dean turned around and shot him a warning look before asking, “can you play babysitter for these two tonight? Gabriel is getting antsy and Sam is a worrywart.”
"Dean?" Cas asked, finally relaxing against Dean.
? I actually talked to Cas about Mom, how important she was to me, how being the best wasn’t just for my ego, but for her memory, and he turned around and shit on that!”
"Uh huh," she said, eyeing him suspiciously. "What are you two doing in my neck of the woods?"
“I appreciate that, Dean,” he said, careful to keep his voice neutral. “Apple pie is my favorite dessert, and thought you might… appreciate it.” Castiel cursed himself for sounding so redundant. Since when was he anything less than articulate?
"There may be a text regarding resurrecting angels," Castiel told them. "There are some Aramaic texts on display at a museum in Dallas that could give some insight."
It was safe to say Gabriel went a little overboard. He had insisted on decorating the bunker for Bobby’s birthday, and there were so many helium balloons you couldn’t even see the ceiling. Streamers ran from every post and doorframe. The map table was covered in a bright tablecloth with a large cake in the center, decorated with intricate patterns that Sam only assumed was Enochian sigils. Gabriel had snapped up the most ridiculous party hats for everyone, his own looking like what Sam referred to as a ‘pimp hat’.
Dean blushed, earning grins from Sam and Gabriel and a shy smile from Castiel. "Not complaining, just wondering what could do that."
Sam pulled his brother to a table over by the stage, never taking his eyes off the band. One of the horn players looked in their direction, smiling around his mouthpiece and making lewd faces at them. Dean rolled his eyes at the flirty trumpet player before taking in the club again. His eyes landed on a man facing the bar, probably waiting to get a drink. His mop of dark hair bobbed in time to the music, a dress shirt with the sleeves rolled up showing off strong forearms, one of which was raised as he snapped his fingers in time to the music. Grey dress slacks covered a strong ass and thighs that almost had Dean drooling as his hips swayed. He hit the table to get Sam’s attention from the stage and said, “gonna grab some drinks, be right back.” Sam just nodded and turned back to the band.
Dean from the past turned to Gabriel, not expecting the hug from the shorter man. Gabriel pulled him down the hall, away from prying ears. "Coming here was stupid, you know," Gabriel told him. "You get killed here, the entire timeline gets rewritten."
And the next moment, they were all standing inside the cage.
“Dude, you never let her get away with that!” he laughed, then handed the phone back to his dad.
“It’s okay, baby,” she said with a small, sad smile. “Gabriel’s not here right now.”
“Dean,” Castiel interjected, “angels are neither male nor female. Regardless of the gender of our vessels, any angel can carry a fledgling.” MJ looked at Cas as he spoke, as if she was seeing him for the first time. She narrowed her eyes at him, and if looks could smite then Cas would already be dust. He cocked his head at the young woman, confused. “Have I angered you in some way in the future? I do not understand your rage towards me.”
"No!" Gabriel yelled at her, tears streaming down his face. "I won't! We have a future together; we have a son! I plan to love this man for eternity, and I plan on doing that with him here with me!" He pressed his right hand against Sam's chest, pouring every ounce of love and grace into his hunter. "Open your eyes, gorgeous, please come back to me," Gabriel begged Sam's lifeless body.
Sam, Castiel, and Gabriel turned to stare at Dean, who just stammered, "tw-twins?" Sam snorted in amusement at the look on his brother's face.
“Why not get a slice of each?” Cas suggested.
“Oh, my personal favorite is Elvis Presley. Most people think he’s dead,” Bobby said, waggling his eyebrows. “Truth is, Pops had gotten him a little too drunk one night on Norse meade. Couldn’t take him back like that so he stuck an impersonator in his place. Impersonator died on the toilet, Elvis got a free pass to stay in Fólkvangr drinking and getting laid by Valkyries. He’s still there.”
, Dean started bouncing with excitement.
Despite having the spell practically memorized from using it to get to 2017, Bobby still had the book open in front of him, following the instructions to the letter and walking his dad through every step of the spell. When it was ready, MJ shouldered both her and Sammy’s bags and held Sammy close. Bobby used MJ’s silver knife to draw blood from his palm and draw the first sigil on a closet door down the bunker’s hallway. Once that was done, he took the bowl of ingredients from Gabriel, set it on the floor, lit a match, and dropped it in. It made the expected puff of smoke, smelled right, but the sigil on the door didn’t glow. Perplexed, Bobby opened the door and found it was still a closet and not a way back to 2037.
Castiel cocked his head to one side, looking at the teens. “You are Nephilim,” he simply stated. At that, everyone looked at them, and the kids started fidgeting. They stared at each other, having a conversation with their eyes and body language. Finally, the girl huffed in resignation.
“What about Kevin?” Dean growled.
a better future.”
Holding Cas’ hand, Dean led him down Via degli Alpini to the fountain at Piazza Bra in Verona, Italy. They each had a duffel slung over one shoulder and a gig bag over the other with cheaper cellos they’d received specifically for this trip. It had been Cas’ dream to backpack through Europe, but he’d never found the opportunity because he was working too damned hard to have a ‘normal life’. Dean huffed at that thought.
Mary took up a chair next to her grandchildren, trying to make sense out of all of this. “Why don’t you kids tell me everything? And I mean
Gabriel held his hand up to snap, pulling back from the kiss to ask Sam cheekily, “may I?” Sam grinned and said, “yeah,” and when Gabriel snapped his fingers, Sam was tied spread-eagle on their bed, naked. “I am totally holding you to that touching and marking thing, you know,” Gabriel smirked, and Sam laughed.
He was starting to wonder if he had misjudged Cas completely the past two years.
." Gabriel smirked at Dean, waiting.
Gabriel grinned at her, then raised his fingers and snapped. The overhead light went out; all the candles around her room lit up, as well as the LEDs in the ivy. All of the clutter around her room was gone. All the laundry was in a basket in the corner instead of strewn around the room, and the sheets on her bed had gone from the cream microfiber to a deep red satin. One more snap and her bluetooth speaker came on playing her favorite cello music.
When they reached the movie theater parking lot and their vehicles, Castiel found it hard saying goodnight to Dean. He wanted to continue talking with the man who was much more intelligent than he led others to believe. They stowed their purchases in their cars, and when Castiel turned back Dean was crowding him against the driver’s door.
Mary and Gabriel were cooking breakfast for Sam, Bobby, and MJ. Mary hadn’t told anyone else that Dean hadn’t come back to his room last night, finding her son asleep in Castiel’s room. The angel had only looked up at her and smiled before she smiled back and shut the door on them.
“I know you’re a badass too, Mom,” Dean said as he got up to put his dishes in the sink, “but don’t you think you’re getting a little old for hunting?” Everyone looked at Dean in shock at the words that just came out of his mouth. Sam grabbed an oven mitt off the counter and threw it at his brother’s head.
Castiel looked at the locket, then opened it to see a picture of a smiling young boy inside, presumably Toni’s son. He handed Sammy to Dean and said “I will change into something more appropriate and retrieve the files immediately,” before disappearing from the room.
Kevin took a step back and just smiled up at Sam. "He did. But that upgrade he said I was getting? He made me a full-on angel, wings and everything. And since Metatron had been stripped of his grace and left the position open, Chuck gave me the job. He said I was the best choice, already knowing how to read the tablets and having translated some of them. So now he has me protecting His words and studying them until it's time to start writing again."
“Boys, boys, boys,” Crowley said, hands up in surrender. “There’s no need for threats, we’re all frenemies here. All I’m saying is that maybe you could give me a good reason to release two beings so powerful they could destroy the balance of everything. You’re all about balance and fairness, right?” Crowley took a few steps ahead of Sam and Dean to look them in the face, ignoring the angels standing close behind them. “Maybe a little assurance that they won’t go all Holy Warrior on my loyal subjects and myself.”
Castiel rolled his eyes at his cousin. Gabriel could be persistent, he would give him that. Rather than answer him, he went back to practicing the First Chair part for
"No hunt," Castiel told her with a small smile. "I just wanted to see how you were doing."
So Dean did what any man in love would have done-with nothing but a few changes of clothes and their cellos, he dragged Cas to Italy. He told Cas they could busque their way through the continent, living on love and music. Cas was completely enamored with the idea, and they took off after the concert season ended, taking a month’s leave from the KCO. Sammy and Gabe, married two years prior, approved of the idea and even bought them the cheap black cellos they now carried.
“See?” Dean said, waving a hand at Cas. “He gets it!”
“For God’s sake,” Dean said, wandering in with a beer in his hand. “Take the bitch on a date if it will keep him from whining. You guys should be okay if you stick close to home.”
. Gabriel knew Kevin had to have worked some magic here, because he knew several of the original cast members were supposed to be working on other projects at the moment and had no other reason to be in New York. How he actually managed to score box seats for this rare performance was beyond him. MJ loved the show, hanging on Kevin’s arm the entire time and singing along with all of the songs so that just the two of them could hear. Kevin smiled at her the entire time, basking in MJ’s happiness.
like your style!” Dean ambled over to Bobby and threw an arm over his shoulder.
“What happened,” Dean demanded, worry evident in his voice.
“Never a question of ‘if’, just a question of ‘when’,” Gabriel grinned.
And there was the proof. Gabriel was just slightly longer than Sam, and much thicker. Gabriel couldn't even get his entire hand around it. With only a slight hesitation, Sam reached out to see if he could fit his own hand around it. Gabriel groaned as Sam had to squeeze slightly to touch his middle finger to his thumb.
. You sure know how to treat a girl, Cas," Dean winked at him.
have gotten Dean as hot as it did. He managed a bite of his own burger and his eyes rolled back into his skull. “Cas, you’re a freakin’ genius,” he said with a mouthful of food.
One finger was a tight fit, and Dean worried how two would fit, let alone his thick dick. The last thing he wanted to do was hurt Cas. His angel was so keyed up right now he was practically vibrating. He went back to massaging Cas' thigh with his free hand and said "relax angel, I've got you." He pulled his finger out and pressed two against his hole, and Cas tensed up. Dean shushed him as he kept up what he was doing, slowly getting two fingers in to the first knuckle.
“Let me call Crowley, Dad,” MJ asked. “If he won’t give me the information over the phone then we’ll just have him keep tabs on Lucifer until we have a more solid plan in place. It’s not ideal, but if it will make you feel better, I’m willing to go slower on this.”
Dean stood up and brushed off his pants. “Go find my brother, he’s doing that moping shit again,” he said to Gabriel with a frown. “It’s annoying. Seriously, I don’t know how you can stand him sometimes. He’s like a giant girl.” With that Dean started back for the bunker.
Deanna frowned. "I don't think that's possible."
“In the future,” Sam snorted. “I could probably get Gabe to do that now.”
Dean turned away so his brother couldn’t see him fucking
Dean nodded. “Cas,” he said, turning to his angel, “do you remember where you buried the horsemen’s rings? Think you can dig them up for us? That’s the best I can think of on such short notice.”
"Huckleberry Honey Ale. It's good shit, so don't waste it," Gabriel said, throwing a gumdrop at Dean. Dean picked the gumdrop up off the floor and threw it back at Gabriel with a muttered, "asshole."
“She hasn’t even been born yet,” Dean pointed out. “I don’t wanna start thinking about her dating.”
“And we can’t forget Moondor,” Bobby said, that familiar trickster smirk on his face. MJ high fived him and said, “I can’t believe I almost forgot about Moondor!”
A large man Gabriel didn’t see standing at the head of the table he was restrained to grabbed the wrist holding the angel blade and pried the blade from his hand. Gabriel struggled to keep hold of the blade, but the awkward angle of his wrists prevented it. He tried so hard to pull on his grace, to do something to protect himself and his child, but he was still unable to access his grace. The man who introduced himself as Herr Karl raised his hands and the holy fire parted just long enough to grant him entrance. The large man walked around the table, handing the blade to the smiling surgeon.
“So is spaghetti, until it gets hot,” he countered.
Dean has faced down all different types of spirits and monsters. He has fought demons and angels. He spent forty years in Hell and survived Purgatory. However, none of that scared the shit out of him as much as what he was about to do. Checking his pants pocket one more time for the little black velvet box, he took a fortifying breath and peeked into the library, finding Castiel sitting alone with Sam’s laptop and a few open books.
“Dean Winchester,” Crowley replied, “got your phone back from that charming young lady, I see. Has she filled you in on our little deal?”
Gabriel went to work on Sam’s arms using a length of red rope this time. He used a technique called a dragonfly sleeve; loops around his wrists, forearms, and just above his elbows, with knots at each junction. The position caused a dull ache in Sam’s shoulders, but Gabriel’s grace had eased it to nothing in no time. Once again, after he was done, Gabriel checked the ropes to make sure it wasn’t tugging on hair or pinching any skin. Sam gave a tug with his arms, finding the rope constricting. It felt strange because his arms had never been tied in this way before, and it completely restricted his arm movements. If Gabriel hadn’t been touching and kissing him the entire time, reassuring him, he might have panicked.
“Again,
“We’ll get a room here in town,” Sam said, agreeing with Gabriel. “Take care of him, and let us know how he’s doing. We’ll see you tomorrow.” Gabriel nodded, and with a snap they were gone.
“Congrats, Deano! It’s an angel!” Gabriel said like the proud uncle he was.
“Yeah, goodnight boys,” Gabriel said with a lewd grin, “I need to put my moose to bed.” With a snap, he and Sam were gone.
. The man was absolutely gorgeous like this, with his hair even more sexed-up, his lips swollen from kissing, and the pale skin of his thighs flushed, sweaty, and trembling just a little.
When Mary and MJ returned to the bunker a little after midnight, they weren’t expecting to see three angels and two humans, completely shitfaced and laughing so hard their faces were red. Dean was the first to see them, yelling, “hi Mom!” happily. Sam looked up and parroted his own “hi Mom!” Castiel got up from his spot on the couch, walked over to Mary, and wrapped her in a hug. Before letting her go, he kissed her cheek and said “hi Mom” with a smile.
baby and you're an awesome dad, but you don't have to take care of him by yourself. He has Cas, who by the way doesn't
“So, Sammy wants us to play a few songs together,” he said casually. “I told him I’m cool with it, if you are. What do you think?”
Sam smiled at Gabriel. "Yeah, I got really lucky."
“Whatcha working on?” Dean asked, startling his brother from his work. Sam just shrugged, and Dean rolled his eyes. Deciding to be a little shit and tease his brother, he snatched a sheet from the bottom of the stack and eyeballed it. “A piano/cello duet? Awwww, Sammy, miss playing with your big brother?”
Dean had been surly for days now, snapping at everyone and pushing them to figure out how to fix the kids' timeline. He demanded Gabriel check in with Kevin every day, sometimes more than once a day. Every time Sam left the library he'd ask what he needed, sending his brother back while he fetched food and drinks for him so he wouldn't have to break from his research. He grilled the kids on every encounter with anything that tried to take them, Mary taking detailed notes.
on the piano with Dean and Cas joining in almost immediately. It flowed beautifully, and Dean thought it suited Cas’ style, and hoped he could keep up when the tempo picked up. His eyes kept flitting over to Cas, who was playing giving that same big smile at the tempo change, clearly enjoying himself.
Sam smiled and wrapped his arms around Gabriel, pulling him close and kissing him deeply. When he came up for air, he asked flirtatiously, “you telling me I’m gonna need it?”
Deciding it was too risky to let either Castiel or Gabriel take them back, they decided to scour the Men of Letters bunker for another solution. While Bobby, Castiel, Sam, and Gabriel searched through the archives and books in the library, Dean and MJ decided to check out the storage rooms to see if they had any kind of artifacts or spell components that might help.
“So! Witch hunt!” MJ said, changing the subject. “I was thinking that instead of Uncle Sam going, Dad, Papa and I could take care of it. Show them how we do it in the future.” She stood up, took her coffee mug to the sink, and threw out her cereal bar wrappers.
"True enough," Gabriel told them. "An angel's wings, especially for a soldier like Castiel, are their primary weapon, but treated properly, well," Gabriel made an explosion noise, complete with hand gestures.
“Nothing, Samshine,” Gabriel said, trying for innocence but failing miserably. “We’re just talking, that’s all.”
Cas shook his head slightly before responding, "no."
“Within reason, I’m sure,” Cas says, smiling.
Dean pulled both Cas and MJ into the room and over to the bed, pulling MJ down and cradling her between himself and Cas. They both held her as she cried, stroking her hair and shushing her, until her body stopped shaking and she fell into a fitful sleep.
“We will need to plan our attack very carefully,” Castiel tells them. “He may or may not be alone. Since he has not wandered the Earth, he may not be consuming human souls anymore. We don’t know how he’s maintaining his grace or his power.”
Gabriel, if you’re alive, get your feathery ass down here NOW!”
“That doesn’t answer the first question Cassie,” Gabriel said suggestively, nudging Castiel’s shoulder with his own. “Did you and Deano do the horizontal tango?”
He raised his bow and quirked an eyebrow at Sam to start. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Cas raise his bow as well. Sam started the opening measure of
MJ laughed loudly at that, garnering glances from other customers. "To my knowledge, neither of them are expecting kids anytime soon. I'm just a forward thinker," she winked at him.
MJ standing in front of the restored Chevelle, painted a metallic purple with white racing stripes starting on the hood and going back to the trunk, arms crossed over her chest and a look of smug pride on her face.
"Deano's got a point," Gabriel said. "We don't know who we can and can't trust, especially with the kids here. What if one of the Grigori or another angel or even a demon decided to ride one of those poor bastards in here, wanting to check out your secret
Sam smiled. “Awesome. Dean sent us a gift basket. I think he liked the results of the information we gave Cas.”
," he ground out. "Please, finish this."
Dean looked from one angel to the other trying to figure out what the hell was going on. And if Gabriel looked this bad… “Where’s Sam? Is he okay?”
Castiel gave that some thought. He doubted either Sam or Dean would enjoy being bound like this by choice. Looking at the photograph again, he couldn’t find an ounce of pain or fear in Sam’s expression. He trusted Gabriel enough to give this to him, and found pleasure for himself along the way.
Kevin shouldn’t have been surprised that she knew what he liked, but it was still a little weird for him. He liked the thought that she would be his girlfriend in the future. She was strong, intelligent, and absolutely beautiful. It also made him a little proud that Dean would see him as worthy enough to date his daughter.
The CD in the car stereo switched over to Beethoven’s 5th Symphony, and Castiel turned the volume up a little more. This was his favorite of the composer’s pieces. His fingers skittered across the steering wheel as he listened, a smile tilting his lips. Maybe Sam could use this in one of his pieces.
“Mission accomplished.” Dean licked his lips. He leaned back on his hands again, staring up into Cas’ eyes. “So, I thought you said something about teaching me how to take care of an angel?”
Dean licked his lips and said, “Heya Cas.” Castiel’s eyes tracked the movement and decided that yes, Dean deserved his ego for that mouth alone. He looked back up to Dean’s eyes and raised the food he brought a little higher. “Do you think you can assist me by taking one of these?” he asked. He felt a little silly bringing so much food, but he had become accustomed to certain snacks on the occasion that he watched anything on his laptop (he absolutely loved watching documentaries and older movies), and his mother had taught him at an early age about proper etiquette when visiting someone’s home, which usually included bringing a gift of some sort. He just hoped that Dean enjoyed pie as much as he did.
"Holy shit!" Dean said, getting up to check it out. Bobby held it up and rotated it so that his uncle could see it from every angle.
The four men just stood there for a moment, mouths agape, wondering
“Mary!” Gabriel exclaimed, walking over to Sam and Dean’s mom and wrapping her in a big hug. “I heard about Amara bringing you back! I hope you’re adjusting well and are ready to bake!”
“The Thule are attempting to resurrect Hitler again,” she said dryly. “They are under the impression that the Nephilim are the key to his resurrection and are currently hunting them. If my own inquiries can tie them to the Winchesters, then it won’t be long until theirs do, too.”
Castiel turned to Dean and gave him a bitchface to rival Sam’s.
“How do you know our mom, Gabriel?” Dean asked suspiciously.
“You know,” he told her, “I don’t know much about Nephilim except that they’re part angel and part human. I know you’re super strong and fast, and I saw Bobby snap things up like Gabriel does, but not much else. Do you guys have any other cool superpowers?”
Cas looked at Dean and tilted his head to one side. “Sam is right to worry. If Gabriel leaves the bunker in his current condition then he is at risk for attack, putting both himself and his unborn child in unnecessary danger.” Dean rolled his eyes and whispered in Castiel’s ear for a minute. Cas looked at Sam and Gabriel and asked, “where would you two like to go?” without his facial expression ever changing. Dean crossed his arms over his chest with a smug grin.
by Rob Benedict
snapped his fingers and Dean, Sam, and Castiel were gone. "One last story, one last item on your
“While I appreciate the sentiment, I know there will still be times when Dean and I inadvertently hurt each other. However, I have faith that we will be able to overcome such things.”
He missed half of what Cas had to say wondering if he was actually getting some action or if his hair was just naturally like that.
The kids and Lucifer stood in the middle of an angel trap on the grounds where St. Mary’s Convent used to stand in Ilchester, Maryland. They released his arms and stepped outside the trap; MJ taking a seat in front of him on the ground with her legs crossed while Bobby just paced in short strides.
“I’m fine,” he replied, “just very relieved that Sam is awake and will be alright.”
was all Castiel could think. It was unheard of for an orchestra to have
Sam looked down at his ring again, then looked up at Gabriel and frowned. “If I’d have known you were going to pull something like this, I would have gotten you a ring, too,” he said sheepishly.
“Because my mother is here, all of her friends are here, her life is here. She wants her perfect son to be here for her to show off.” Cas moved across the kitchen to lean against the fridge next to Dean. “Where your mother showed you unconditional love, I have to continually earn it from my own. Doubly so since I came out as gay. It’s a shortcoming she despises. So I have refrained from dating since I moved back and strove to be the best so she would have a son to be proud of.
Cas squinted at the notes on the page, his finger following along as he hummed the upper staves. Dean was amused when he saw where Cas could see the change in the music; his eyes did several passes over the musical phrase to try to find the exact turning point, looking more and more perplexed. He looked up at Dean, back down at the music for a few more moments, then back at Dean.
, and shook it for the others to see.
"I also said I preferred having intercourse with Dean," Castiel said primly, still frowning. "Size is not a substitute for skill." Dean grinned smugly as Sam's jaw dropped.
,” Dean moaned as his angel slowly rolled his hips, pushing his cock deeper into Dean’s tight ass. The two men were twined together, hips rocking slowly in tandem as Castiel kissed and licked every freckle on Dean’s shoulders. Dean loved it slow, loved the sensual movements, the languid drag and push and pull. He was even starting to love bottoming for his angel. Cas made him
Castiel seemed to consider that a moment, still looking at Sam. With no discernible change in his expression, he simply said, "show me."
“I apologize, I didn’t intend to pry,” Castiel told him sheepishly.
"And there's the rub," Crowley said smugly. "Those do-gooders will eventually come after me and mine again, retaliation is inevitable."
Tears filled MJ's eyes. "I can't, Papa. This is one thing Uncle Gabriel specifically told us not to talk about. I'm sorry."
Tagging for graphic fight scene/violence.
Gabriel sat on the edge of their bed looking sad and broken, and it hurt Sam’s soul. Sam moved him to tuck him back into bed, but Gabriel stopped him, his grace back in use and back at full angel strength. “Sam,” he said softly.
“Hello?... Yeah… She what?!?... The hell... what happened?... Shit… No… Yeah, I’ll tell them… Shit, what about her son?... Oh, okay… Yeah, thanks.” Dean hit the end call button on his phone. He looked at the device like it personally offended him. Then with a
“We won’t attack Rowena unless she attacks us first. Unless, of course, you want us to off her,” Gabriel said, waggling his eyebrows.
And then Gabriel's fist connected with his jaw.
Dean had had plenty of hookups in his time, women inviting him back to their place and whatnot, but the last person to ask
Sam’s chest was heaving as he tried to breathe without hyperventilating. “Apparently, twenty years in the future, we have a teenage son.” Oh crap. “Oh crap, I didn’t even ask him how old he is.” Sam dropped to his bed, covering his face. “I’m already a horrible parent, I didn’t even bother to ask him how old he is.”
“I had it custom made,” Sam said, nervous despite himself. “I hope you like it.”
The second tape ended about fifteen minutes from the bunker, and they took the rest of the drive in companionable silence. As Dean pulled into the garage to park, Sam turned to him, a serious expression on his face.
. As much as he worried about bringing his daughter on a hunt with him, he felt like he was going to be the kind of dad to always give in to his little girl. “Fine, but you listen to me and Cas,
“I did have something I wanted to talk to you about,” Bobby said, a little more seriously.
Bobby pulled back and stuck a finger in his face. “I said don’t apologize. That was your free pass. Next time I’ll make you take MJ on a road trip and listen to nothing but her music.” Sam laughed and hugged his son again, thinking maybe Gabriel would feel a little better if Bobby played for him.
Gabriel sat down, cleared his throat and very politely asked, “beg pardon?”
“Not a clue,” Dean replied, “but I’m willing to bet Sammy had something to do with it.” He pointed out the transitions throughout the music, walked him through the Zep parts since he was pretty sure Cas hadn’t heard the song before. Cas surprised him when he started humming along, saying of course he was already familiar with one of Dean’s favorite bands. He tried hard not to blush at that as they put the music on their stands and picked their cellos back up.
“More of those little fried pies would be awesome,” Dean interjected. He’d entered the rehearsal hall while Castiel and Charlie had been talking, and had snuck up on them.
"OH GOD, POPS, PUT SOME CLOTHES ON!" Sam heard Bobby yell. He couldn't help but laugh at that. He got up and cleaned up the best he could before throwing on some lounge pants.
“Wow, an adult now! So, is MJ short for something? Did I name you after Spiderman’s girlfriend?”
“It’s getting late, I should be getting home. Dean and I have rehearsals tomorrow.” Cas held up the sheets to Sammy and asked, “may I?” Sammy just nodded, and Cas stashed the sheet music in his messenger bag.
Toni just arched an eyebrow at her before continuing. “Very well, we’ll consider Aaron a dead end for the time being. How about you two fill me in on what you’re facing in the future, and what you’re doing to correct it at the present?”
He resented that Gabriel was taking one hit after another.
"We got the spell," Sam said, breathing normal but his heart still racing. "I'm sure we have the ingredients down in the storeroom. We'll grab those and get this over with."
keeping the Winchesters on their toes.”
Sam and Mary entered Dean’s room, leaving Gabriel and the kids standing in the doorway. Mary laid a hand on Cas’ shoulder. “Gabriel is going to take Sam to get the Impala. Why don’t you go get cleaned up while I sit with Dean for a little while, hmm?” She smiled softly at Cas.
are,” Cas mumbled under his breath, but Dean heard it.
“Yeah, Deano, I was jealous of you. Still am, because no matter what Sam and I will have together, you’ll always come first for him. And so help me Dad, if you ever repeat that to anyone I will smite your ass.”
Gabriel was sitting on the shoulder of the Cristo Redentor in Brazil, eyes closed and just letting the breeze blow through him.
"Zachariah hit the nail on the head when he said you two were erotically codependent," Gabriel said with a grin. Castiel just gave him a withering look.
He saw Gabriel, Kevin, and MJ in the room and said, "I know what we gotta do."
When the hunters were breathing normally again and tucked back into their pants and the angels were back on their feet, Sam regained enough higher brain function to ask, "what the hell was that all about?"
, his angel was.
good incentive, I can’t see setting myself up for trouble. Understand?”
It was a picture of Dean, Sam, and their mom standing in the war room of the bunker, tinsel garlands wrapped around every railing. Cas had taken this picture, Dean recalled. He demanded they celebrate their first Christmas with their mom back in full holiday style.
Dean laughed at that story; yeah, he could definitely see himself protecting that car as much as his own child. “What were you driving after you got your license?”
“I’ll be there in a couple minutes,” Bobby tells them, “let me just get this little guy settled in.” Dean nodded at that, and he and MJ headed towards the others.
“Best case scenario, he’s dragging himself out of bed trying to find something to put on,” Gabriel told him.
He didn’t know how to act around Dean at the rehearsal hall on Monday. He had arrived before Dean, and when the man entered the hall he was as jovial and friendly as usual. Castiel thought that maybe Dean smiled a little brighter when he raised his hand and called out, “Heya, Cas!” But that may have been his imagination.
scream of rage he threw his phone across the room, shattering it against the far wall. He stalked to the fridge and pulled out a beer, popping the top and taking a swig before he started pacing the room.
he originally picked up. They left the store happy and laughing over conversation about favorite characters.
“Yeah, but you’re in a male vessel,” Sam argued. “I’ve never
But this one prayer, it was like a clear bell ringing through his mind. Sharp with pain, fear, and anguish. The person praying was in a bad way, he could tell, but the prayer wasn’t for them. ‘Keep them safe’ over and over, images of men in uniform, sand everywhere. Another self-sacrificing soul.
“But what if you’re not?” Bobby asks, pretty sure this became more about the guy than about him. “Right, I mean.”
At that, Dean grabbed Crowley by the jacket and slammed him down into the table, scattering the tea service sitting there. “If you ever talk about her like that again, I will kill you,” Dean snarled. Castiel came up behind Dean and laid a hand on his shoulder, trying to calm him down. Dean let go of the demon and took a few steps back.
When Cas' whines and moans reached a fever pitch, Dean pulled back and sat up. He grabbed Cas' hips and started pounding into him relentlessly, making Cas cry out and
“I can’t believe you just said that, jerk!”
"I said I am fine, Dean, get some sleep." Cas lifted his hand, two fingers outstretched like he was going to tap Dean's forehead and mojo him to sleep, but Dean grabbed his hand before he could try it.
Cas sighed and hung his head again. "Not at the moment, they're not," he said weakly. "Although they're still functional, they've been severely damaged and they're very... unsightly."
kissing Gabriel. And it felt really good. Their lips slid together easily, soft and warm and just right. Gabriel tilted his head a little to slot their lips together more firmly, and when Sam sighed the angel took the opening to slide his tongue into Sam's mouth. They tentatively tasted each other, exploring each other until Gabriel moaned into Sam's mouth and pushed his body flush against the young hunter's. Sam groaned and slid one hand into Gabriel's hair, twining his fingers through the silky strands.
Dean laughed at the whole conversation, his heart warmed by the sight Cas and MJ made standing there like that, looking so much like father and daughter and smiling together.
Crowley was hoping to get away with his wording, which left him free to send others after the Winchesters, but the Feathered Wonder had clarified the wording. “Fine, I’ll draw up the contract,” he mumbled, to which Gabriel replied “and we will read it in its entirety before signing.” Crowley huffed, “fine, but the children stay in the cage until it’s signed.”
Bobby was speechless. This guy was a better musician than his Pops, and his Pops was the best he’d ever heard. The guy just smiled sadly. “I played that for one of my kids once. I said some pretty nasty things to him the last time I saw him. I hope he knew how much I really cared about him.”
“We’re both Nephilim and the offspring of the true vessels of Michael and Heylel, who you know as Lucifer. Not to mention I’m the son of an archangel. Crowley had options, none of them good for us. He could have dissected us and used us for spell components, harnessed our power to increase the power of his demon hordes, jump-start another apocalypse since we still fit the prophecy, used us as leverage to get you guys to back off so he could keep collecting souls. Limey bastard was still pissy about losing his throne in Hell after Lucifer’s release from the cage.”
“Handmaiden?”
Why not, indeed. Castiel had always led a staid, stable, predictable life. He always knew where he had to be and when, always had his affairs in order, and was able to enjoy his free time in a manner he saw fit.
Gabriel walked over to Cas and handed him his son. Sammy latched onto him with a “Pa!” and patted Cas’ cheeks, then started pulling at them, making Cas smile.
“Brother,” said a taller man, fit for his age wearing dark gray dress slacks, a white dress shirt rolled to the elbows, a waistcoat matching his slacks, and a blood-red tie with a Windsor knot. His dark brown hair was starting to gray at the temples and was slicked up with too much product. Around the neckline, small yet discernible signs of Lucifer’s invasion were starting to form.
Castiel nodded, but as he touched the inside of her thighs, the woman shot up, screaming. Quickly, Cas tapped her forehead with two fingers and knocked her back out, the woman falling limply into Gabriel’s arms. He continued his ministrations delicately,
“Oh, kiddo, what happened to you?” he said quietly, cataloging the damage. Up close, he could see where the knife used to cut her clothes off had caught on her skin. Bruises were pressed into her hipbones and thighs from being held open, her breasts bruised from being groped too roughly. He knelt at her side, picked her up gently, and they were gone.
“You’re very perceptive,” Sam tells him, wrapping an arm around his son’s shoulders. “You’re right, that’s been on my mind a lot lately.”
,” Dean muttered. “C’mon, we gotta get you guys somewhere safe.” As Sam, Gabriel, Cas, and Mary engaged the Grigori, Dean looked around to find a safe place to stash his kids. Grabbing MJ’s arm, he made a dash for a maze of mausoleums at the edge of the graveyard. With MJ’s superior speed, she ended up dragging her dad along as they ducked through rows of tombs, trying doors to find a place to hide.
played.”
MJ went to hug Kevin, but saw her dad lying unconscious on the ground, blood pouring from his shoulder. She yelled “Dad!” and dropped down next to him. Shifting Sammy to one arm, she used the other to rip open Dean’s dress shirt and lift up his undershirt, exposing the blade wound in the soft hollow of his shoulder. She leaned over to bunch up the shirt to staunch the bleeding, but baby Sammy cried “owie” and practically fell out of MJ’s arm onto Dean. His little baby hands landed on Dean’s chest and immediately began glowing.
Dean laughed wholeheartedly and pulled Castiel in for a hug. “Sounds like a plan. Shower?”
of your platoon is safe.” Rose pulled her arms from Gabriel’s hands and backed up against the wall, slid down it, shaking in a pile on the floor. “Everything’s going to be okay,” MJ told her, sitting down next to her against the wall.
Dean in a suit and tie and MJ in a knee-length blue party dress in the garage in front of the Impala. Did he take his daughter to a fancy restaurant for her tenth birthday?
Dean clapped his hands and rubbed them together. "Sounds like a road trip to me! Sammy," Dean side-eyed his brother, "maybe you should stay here and, uh, keep researching. Maybe if we split up this thing can't-"
Dean was speechless.
Gabriel scoffed. "He'll be fine, just gotta get a handle on things. As for anything else, who knows," he said cheerfully, throwing his hands in the air. "Love ya!" he said flippantly, then snapped again and he was gone.
MJ scrambled off the bed and ran to hug her dad. He gently put the baby in her arms and said, "meet your brother" with a smile. She held him close, gently bouncing him around and cooing nonsense at him.
In the blink of an eye, MJ and Bobby were standing there, MJ holding baby Sammy. Sammy squawked and clapped his chubby little hands, alerting everyone to their presence. Dean and Castiel ran to the kids and enveloped them in their arms. Smiling, Sam walked up to them and wrapped his free arm around Bobby when Dean and Castiel let them go.
“Release Bobby and I’ll stay until the contract is signed,” MJ shouted, everyone turning towards her. “That, or no deal.”
remains pretty quick.”
), Amara bringing Grandma Mary back, and Uncle Dean and Grandma Mary rescuing Dad from the British chapter of the Men of Letters and getting them to back off and let you handle the good ol’ U. S. of A. your way, so long as you didn’t end the world in the process. We also left in information we felt needed to be preserved, such as how all these things made you all feel and how it changed your relationships with each other. Chuck’s unpublished works ended January 23, 2017, yesterday, which is how we decided to come back to this date; God didn’t set anything in stone after that.”
* * * * *
Dean wandered into the living room, beer in hand, seeing the two angels sitting on the couch flipping through photos.
Dean chugged half of his milk after finishing off his first slice of pie, giving Castiel a big smile with a small milk mustache on his upper lip. He wiped it away with the sleeve of his Henley before digging into his second slice.
Cas opened the door, wearing his familiar slacks and button-up shirt, but the top three buttons were undone, sleeves rolled up to his elbows and looking slightly rumpled. He also had the sexiest case of bed head Dean had ever seen. "Hello, Dean," he said in his usual manner, then stepped aside to allow him in.
“I can’t speak for other angels,” Castiel said, pulling back to look at Dean with a feral look in his eyes, “but
Cas waved a hand and replied, “by all means.”
Sam was amazed, and then ashamed. He and Gabriel had been mourning a life that would never be, and they hadn’t really seen the young man they’d raise together one day. Their son was, as Kevin put it, an
Castiel looked at Dean, then looked at the twenty on his music stand. Dean was right, he wasn’t fond of modern music. Most of it just sounded like noise to him. He did know one song, though, and he smiled at the memory.
“Thanks,” he said, clapping Sam on the shoulder as MJ came back.
Sam desperately wanted to be released from his bonds so he could touch his angel, but Gabriel wasn’t through with him yet. He held Sam’s hips in a bruising grip, rutting their erections together fiercely as he sucked bruises along Sam’s collarbones and the tender flesh where neck and shoulders met. Gabriel grasped both of their cocks in one hand and stroked them closer to their release, both men panting and whining as they got closer to completion. When Gabriel gave a twist of his wrist on the next upstroke Sam lost the battle, coming over his chest as he screamed Gabriel’s name. His hand slick with his lover’s come, Gabriel came after a few more strokes, biting into the edge of the mark he left over Sam’s heart and marking him with his come.
“That’s because
Gabriel chuckled, "you're a cuddler, aren't you Winchester?" When Dean didn't do anything more than grunt, Gabriel softly snapped his fingers, relocating them to the couch and covering them with a blanket.
Dean sighed. “Hop in Cas, welcome to our future.” As Cas got in, MJ did a little happy wiggle in her seat. She pulled her sunglasses off her t-shirt, put them on, looked at her dad and said “It’s 106 miles to Chicago, we have a full tank of gas, half a pack of cigarettes, it’s dark, and we’re wearing sunglasses…hit it!” Dean just laughed at that, “you got it, Elwood.”
of his thoughts just now. "It's not going to force them to act out of character or lower their inhibitions or anything," he continued, "but it will make how they really feel, feel right."
“Will you play something for me?” Sam asked his son.
Tagging for hetero sex and parental violence.
Instead of heading to the bar that night, Dean decided to take MJ out for ice cream and a movie as their own special valentine’s ‘date’. He hoped he could get some more information out of her, especially if it involved his future sex life.
Sam laughed. “Nah, I think it’s fine. Consider it a test-run for the future.” He wrapped his arms around Gabriel, kissing him on the top of the head. “Did you get him a birthday gift?”
“No, he didn’t catch you and Papa having sex.” She giggled again. “Actually, I think that would have scarred him a lot less than what he did see.” At that, MJ doubled over again, unable to stop the laughter. Bobby just put his hands over his ears and walked out of the room.
Castiel opened his eyes, pupils blown with barely a ring of blue left. He blinked a few times before responding, "I don't think I can."
outside of the concert hall.”
"This is awesome man! How did you find this place?"
Dean ducked it easily. “Shut up, bitch!”
Dean picked up his burger with both hands, commenting, “I’m gonna need a bigger mouth.” Cas just smiled and practically unhinged his jaw to take a bite of his own burger, grinning around it has he chewed. That should
“I remember him, but the memories are gone,” MJ whimpered between hiccups. “Kevin’s not part of my timeline anymore.” MJ broke down into sobs again. Her dads hugged her tighter while looking at each other over her head.
agitated!” Dean stopped and yelled at Cas, causing Sammy to start crying in earnest. He let out a frustrated growl and threw the angel bear against the opposite wall.
Finally, Sam went to Castiel for help.
Bobby looked at him quizzically, then laughed. “No, not Q from Star Trek Next Gen, though now that I think about it, it kinda fits. No, Dad’s like Q from the James Bond movies. Since he went full Men of Letters, he’d been using the stuff he learned to make cool gizmos and weapons for you guys and other hunters.”
Now everyone was sitting in the library combing every piece of data they had. Kevin had delivered on that list of Grigori and their offspring; while all the Nephilim and most of the Grigori were dead, a small handful were unaccounted for. The information from the demon tablet didn't lead anywhere, just that Nephilim was also used to describe the offspring of angels and demons, though it didn't say if any existed. No one after the kids had ever given any reason for their actions, not even a stereotypical evil villain monologue. They were well and truly stumped.
around. My daughter loves Kevin. I just lost my shit because I was not prepared for...
“This is not how I wanted to spend my birthday,” she sobbed into Mary’s shoulder. Dean tentatively came up behind her and started rubbing small circles on her back. She choked out a sob and turned to wrap her arms around Dean. He held her back and took over trying to console her.
The plan went off without a hitch. However, after scanning the text in question, Castiel didn't believe it would be of any use. Dean still took pictures of as many pages as he could for Sam and Gabriel to look at. They got out and Cas reengaged the cameras and the security system before any rent-a-cops came to check it out.
“Cas!” he heard a voice across the rehearsal hall call out his name. He turned in his seat to see Charlie bounding towards him. “Hey!” she said breathlessly, ever-present smile on her face. “We’re planning another movie night this Friday before Dean & I head to Moondor. We’re meeting at my place this time. You in?”
“NO! No, I mean… crap, let me start over. We let you in, and it was weird at first not just being me and Sammy, but we got used to it. Then we liked having you around. Then we didn’t like when you
“Sammy, check this shit out,” he called out as he entered the room. Sam looked up from his book looking like he had ten pound sandbags under his eyes. Dean held up the bear to get their attention, and when he had it, he squeezed it again.
It took Gabriel another hour or so of thinking before he felt ready to head back in. Dean made a lot of sense, and it took him a while to figure out how to handle how he felt about what the hunter had said. He couldn’t really be the Trickster anymore, not full time anyways. People deserved justice without it being turned into a joke. And he couldn’t ignore Sam while he went off trying to fix everything, he loved Sam and that wasn’t fair to him. He’d need to find a balance.
"Where are we?" he asked, taking in the sights and sounds and smells. There seemed to be music everywhere, and if his nose was correct, lots of meat as well.
Did he say partner? He meant parent. Dean, in his current state, was
"Why can't you?" Sam asked, confused. "I thought that was your job as the Scribe."
, but the only thing on my brain was
Sam walked into the TV room to see Dean and Cas sitting next to each other on the couch watching
“You didn’t even look at the music,” Cas said, slightly astonished. “What- How- You already know this piece?”
The four of them sat back down, Gabriel snapping up a sugary concoction for Kevin. Bobby explained everything he could to Kevin from the beginning, leaving him completely speechless at times and full of questions at others.
conventions with the guy who plays Chuck on the show." Cas frowned, and Gabriel scoffed, muttering something about "
"I need to feel you, Dean. I need you inside of me."
“Pleasure, ma’am,” Dean said cheerfully.  She did not move to return his greeting, so he let his hand drop.
Sam took his turn hugging her, then grinned at her sheepishly. "We wanted to introduce you to the family."
Tagging for some (pretty tame) sexual content and severe embarrassment.
He closed his eyes and thought about kissing Cas last night. He could get lost in that man’s mouth. Dean dragged a hand up his naked hip, Cas’ hand there in his mind’s eye. He could almost pretend it was Cas touching him, and his dick stirred beneath the sheets.
Dean reached over and grabbed the pie from his left hand and held the door open for Castiel to enter. After closing the door behind them, Dean lifted the lid on the bakery box and took a deep breath, then groaned.
"I'm so sorry, angel," he whispered, kissing his cheeks, his forehead, his eyelids, "I'm so, so sorry. I didn't know. I'm so sorry." He squeezed Cas tighter and kissed his cheek over and over.
"No shit! How the hell did that happen?"
“Yes, Dean, I’ll see you tomorrow.” Cas smiled, then leaned in to press a chaste kiss to Dean’s lips. Dean tried to deepen it, and when Cas pulled back he leaned forward, trying to get more. Cas just smiled and said, “good night, Dean.” He went back to his car, but before climbing in and taking off, he turned to Dean and winked at him.
the thousand-year-old virgin around here." Gabriel stepped back and looped an arm around Sam's waist, tugging him close. "Sammy's got the size
"Cas?" Dean asked, startled and confused.
,” MJ said, making a face.
Dean raised an eyebrow at that from where he was sitting at the table with Cas practically in his lap, but only asked, "where's short stack? Figured you two would be glued at the hip today."
“Sorry Dad,” Bobby mumbled.
“It’s
Castiel gave Dean one of his confused puppy faces. "I don't want my ass to be 'safe', Dean. I would like to continue this even after we handle whatever entity has created this situation. If you're not interested, I will simply find someone else."
“Jesus
“MJ?” Dean said cautiously, hoping his daughter was done being pissed off at him.
“Maybe if you’d play something normal, we’d see how good you
“Where’s Cas?” was all Gabriel could say as he pushed Dean away from the fridge and started rummaging for something to eat.
Dean growled before pulling back and yanking Cas by the hips until the angel was laid flat in the front seat. He pushed Cas' legs apart, draping one over the seat, and fell on top of him, grasping his hair in both hands and dragging him in for a brutal kiss. Cas' arms came up around Dean, holding him tight and exploring the man's body with his hands. When his hands reached Dean's ass, he squeezed his cheeks and pulled them close to grind their erections together, making both men groan into each other's mouths.
“Of course,” she said with a smile.
“Low blow, kiddo,” Gabriel said from behind her. MJ got up and threw herself into her uncle’s arms, letting the tears fall. Gabriel just held her and stroked her hair until she was calm enough to talk again.
Castiel squinted at MJ. “Mary Jo, are you still able to cast spells?”
“What gives?” Sam asked Dean, eyeing him suspiciously. “You love AC/DC, but it’s like you don’t even care right now.”
MJ just laughed. “No, Papa came up with the name. You wanted to name me Harley Quinn, you freakin’ Batman nut.”
Sam's eyes closed and he quietly moaned, and Gabriel's dick perked up.
“How much is the cab fare?” Dean asked, pretty sure both men were so drunk they forgot to pay the cab driver for their ride home from the club. He pulled the front curtain aside just enough to see, yup, a yellow cab waiting out front.
“I love her,” Kevin said with a shrug. “But that’s no guarantee she’ll want to marry me. Why don’t we let her decide when she gets back to her own time?”
“You couldn’t keep your eyes, or your hands, off Uncle Cas’ codpiece.” Bobby said, waggling his eyebrows. And now Dean was picturing Cas in tight leather breeches and a white tunic, black knee-high riding boots, the only thing between him and his codpiece a single lace of leather.
“No sweat. I’m gonna just, you know,” he said with a hand gesture. “Later!” And then he was gone.
“And what’s your reason for being here now?” Dean asked him. “Gonna play grandpa, grab a slice of cake, pretend we’re all one big, happy family?”
Bobby reached up and traced a finger down the scar on the side of Claire’s face and neck. “I wish we could have told you about the werewolves,” he said, frowning. “Were you still able to save Jody?”
Sam was really doing this, he was
Dean and Castiel were maybe about two hours from the bunker when they got the call. Gabriel’s grace has recovered enough that he could have gotten them and the car home, but they still had two items on their
“Truck ran a stop sign, hit the passenger side. Sammy took the worst of it. He’s been in surgery for a couple hours now.” He took a shaky breath as he ran his hands through his hair, then let out a hysterical laugh. “If I had a beast like the Impala instead of my shitty little car, he’d probably be okay.”
They landed on Phinney Avenue in Seattle. The unassuming two-story brick building on the corner had a couple of café tables out front, the words
Gabriel snorted. “Now you’re reaching, Cassie. You usually avoid that woman like the plague. You’re coming with me Friday night, whether you like it or not,” Gabriel grinned.
"What!" MJ exclaimed. "No fair! Papa, I want wings!" she said to Cas.
on a real date. Like
Sam was reclined on the couch, book in hand and a pile next to him on the floor. The poltergeist would have to wait, because whatever the hell was going on now had to be addressed before whatever this was escalated.
Cas was a whole other animal. The movie snafu aside, he seemed to be what Dean had always looked for-a hot body, a great mind, a good work ethic, and the man could kiss like nobody’s business. When he wasn’t hiding behind his stiff professional persona, Cas was actually pretty awesome.
“Missing your angel?” Bobby asked from behind her.
no one was mentioning that, although Cas still had his own room, he was sleeping in Dean's room every night.
"I know you're right, sweetie, but we're all worried that instead of going the way we want it to, Crowley will just take the chance to nab you now. With Lucifer still vessel-hopping, he could use you to sway more demons to his side. That will solidify his front and only delay Lucifer's threat, not eliminate it." He felt Sammy wriggling in his arms, so he stood up and handed him off to Cas, kissing his angel on the cheek as he did so. "Let me and Sam go first, then if we feel he'll play our game we'll play meet and greet."
“You’re being a jerk, you know that, right?” Sammy said, crossing his arms over his chest and giving Dean Bitchface #14-
After retrieving his folder from Rufus and returning to his seat, he opened it to find several sheets of music in familiar scrawl. As he reviewed the piece, he knew it was his brother’s work, both from the handwriting and the style. It had started out with the same opening as Beethoven’s 5th, a piece he heard Cas listening to several times (it was his favorite), but then it transitioned into something heavier. As he continued reading the musical notation, a smile lit up his face. It was Led Zeppelin. Sammy had seamlessly combined both his and Cas’ favorite music.
*  *  *  *  *
"Yes,
Castiel looked at Dean, who just looked at him in shock and confusion. They got up and walked to the front of the room, retrieving the folders from Mr. Turner and returning to their seats.
“I just can’t work with the guy, Sammy. Would it make you feel better if I got Kevin to play the pieces with me?”
At Dean’s words, Cas howled as he bore down on Dean, striping his chest in thick white stripes of cum. The tight squeeze of Cas around him milked Dean’s own orgasm from him, his hips stuttering into Cas as he came, too.
Dean shuddered at the thought. “
Sam just laughed. “Yeah, right. How about you talk and we’ll just listen, ok?” he prompted Bobby.
Dean blinked. Blinked again, thoughts swirling in his head. “Yeah. Yeah, it does, doesn’t it?” he said with a small smile. He took Cas’ hand with the one not holding the fork. “I’m glad it’s you, dude. I really am.”
“Since college,” Castiel confirmed, and the look Dean gave him made Castiel blush even further.
stamped onto the cover. “Like I said, we’re from twenty years in the future. We’re the only two Nephilim on Earth, and we’ve been running for almost a year. The angels look at us like abominations, demons look at us like spell components, and everyone else looks at us like a power bar. We used the same spell Henry Winchester used to get here, but instead of going forward like he did, we went backwards, looking for a place we could catch our breath.” He tapped the book twice. “My dad and I have been going through Chuck’s work, both published and unpublished, compiling a condensed version of your stories. This is all the important stuff.” He slid the book towards Sam nervously.
“No way,” Dean said, “if these witches are compelling people to do things, I don’t want you anywhere near them.”
Castiel blinked. "I'm fine, and apparently Gabriel owes me a hundred dollars."
That prompted a discussion on the merits of Star Trek, and which series was better. Castiel tried his hardest to ignore them, but Charlie and Dean, and then Kevin, kept sucking him into conversations. Rehearsals proceeded to fly by with small conversations between songs and a growing list of movies Charlie and Dean deemed necessary for Castiel’s cinematic education.
MJ broke down and told Cas about Dean finding her photos and learning more about the future than he should have. Cas held her and stroked her hair as she cried, understanding better why she was so angry with him when they had first arrived.
"Okay, my turn to hold him," Mary said, taking baby Sammy from her son. Dean laughed and thought on how much a baby can affect the moods of everyone around it.
Castiel had been excited to challenge Dean for First Chair on more even footing, trying to match his playing style instead of finding a piece that played against his weaker points. He had thought Dean would be happy he would be challenged on his merits instead of his weaknesses, but now he was beginning to doubt that. As rehearsal progressed, Dean became more distant and aggressive with his playing.
Dean felt rather smug, catching Cas off-balance like that. The few kisses they’d already shared had Dean keyed up and left him wanting more. But
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam, sitting on the couch watching Netflix with Gabriel, was surprised to suddenly have an armful of baby. He reached out and steadied Sammy so he wouldn’t topple over. “Hey, little guy,” he said, smiling at the baby, “what are you doing?” Sammy just gurgled and slapped Sam’s cheeks with his chubby little baby hands.
“That’s what I said!” Dean exclaimed.
A scream from MJ’s room broke their kiss. They gave each other a quick, fearful look before running down the hall. Dean tried to open the door, but it was locked. Cas flung his hand out and the door slammed open. Neither man was prepared for what they found.
MJ lit up like she was itching to share some stories about hunting. “Oh man, it’s like you two are psychic or something! You’re so in-tune with each other when you’re fighting that it’s almost like the whole thing was choreographed for Hollywood.” She stood up and started mimicking fighting with a gun in her hand. “You’re all, sawed off shotgun in one hand and knife in the other, Papa’s all angel blade and mojo. This one time we went in after what we thought was a small clutch of vampires, like three or four, and it turned out to be this nest of over a dozen bloodsuckers. You guys were fighting back to back, taking them out one after another, bodies flying everywhere while I got the civvies out. It was awesome!” she finished, slightly huffing. It was way too early to be moving around so much, but that was just one of the many epic stories she loved about her dads.
When Dean and Castiel finally stumbled out of Cas' room, they found Sam sitting in Gabriel's lap as they worked with Sam's laptop and stacks of books covering the map table. The two seemed to be engrossed in whatever Gabriel was scratching out onto a legal pad and hadn't heard the other two enter the room.
“WHAT HAPPENED TO MY BIRTHDAY PIE?!?” Dean shouted.
“My Baby’s still around in twenty years, isn’t she?” Dean asked nervously.
Gabriel laughed. “This isn’t Dungeons & Dragons, but even if it were he’d need to be proficient in melee combat and defense as well.”
“That’s not the point!” Gabriel huffed out a breath, exasperated. “It’s not about the destination, it’s about the journey. The Japanese call it kokoro, the integration of spirit, body, and mind. It’s about trust and touch and it’s erotic and with our bond any minor
Trigger warning: might seem a little non-con, depending on your perspective.
Tagging for feels-you may need a tissue
“To talk,” MJ told him. “We would have tried this first if we thought our dads would have listened to us, but in case you hadn’t noticed they’re more into ‘shoot now, ask questions never’. They talk big about family, but they seem to have conveniently forgotten that you’re family, too.”
Castiel nursed his Shirley Temple as Gabriel rambled on about his latest crush, a man who had become a regular over the past few months. Apparently, Gabriel would sit and talk with the man for hours after he’d finish his sets, discussing music, movies, books, local and world current events, even finding a common bond over bad pick-up lines.
Dean came into the room, and seeing the angel blade in his brother’s hand he started freaking out all over again. “Whose bright idea was it to give him a weapon?” he asked, going to his brother’s side.
), Sam popped the cap and slicked up his cock. Face to face now, they stroked themselves to full hardness under each other's gaze.
“I think we’ll head back tonight. I wanna sleep in my own bed, and the drive should be much more pleasant without the rap.”
Gabriel groaned something undignified into the pillow before turning his head. “Again Sammy?” he asked, weariness evident in his voice. Sam almost felt bad, until he saw the pretty ass presented to him. Gabriel’s skin was so soft and smooth and he loved touching it. He stroked and kneaded the creamy globes, lube and come dripping from his lover’s open hole. Sam practically drooled at the sight as he lined up his cock and slid slowly back home.
Dean frowned as Sammy looked over the sheet music in his hand. He shifted uncomfortably at the foot of the hospital bed, worried. “Whoa,” Sammy said, a little awed, “nope, I don’t remember writing this, but it’s pretty awesome.” He grinned widely as he handed the music back to his brother.
Gabriel looked up at Sam. “Wait a second-Dean? Dean Winchester? Your brother is the pain in my little cousin’s ass at the KCO?” Gabriel started laughing now. “Oh, this is gonna be so much fun, Sammykins!” Gabriel turned on Dean and Cas with an evil grin. “Since we all know each other, I guess that means I can drag Cassie along to movie night over at your place this weekend.”
," Dean's question was cut off by the wet warmth of Cas' mouth enveloping his dick. All coherent thought fled his mind as Cas worked magic on Dean's dick, the head repeatedly hitting the back of Cas' throat. Hollowing his cheeks on the upstroke and laving his tongue around Dean's thick cock on his way back down, the only thing Dean could think was
"Agreed," Castiel said, wrapping his arms around Dean.
Gabriel sighed. "She is her father's daughter."
"And I bet you're still played by that Polish guy," Dean said, nodding at Sam. "What about these two?" he asked, pointing at Castiel and Gabriel.
Gabriel looked down at Sam and started laughing when he opened his eyes. He hugged Sam tightly and pressed kisses to his cheek. Sam slowly wrapped his arms around Gabriel and asked, "what happened?"
“Dean,” came a voice from behind him. Dean and Castiel startled and jumped apart like teenagers caught making out. Mary stood there holding baby Sammy, MJ behind her trying not to laugh. “Let me get that bottle from Castiel, then we’ll get out of your hair,” she said with a wink. Dean blushed furiously at the thought of his mom basically shooing them off so they could fool around. Castiel, with a pink tinge to his own cheeks, grabbed the bottle he had prepared and handed it to Mary, uttering a brief “thank you” under his breath. She took it with a shit-eating grin not unlike her son’s and left the room, MJ still laughing behind her.
Dean came back over, looking even more frustrated if it was possible. “They said he’s almost out of surgery, the doc would come down and talk to us after.”
“Five?” Mary asked.
Danel looked at Bobby then looked at Gabriel. "How dare you!" He seethed. "You were the one who brought the order for our children's deaths, then you dare carry one of your own?"
. Dean snagged the note and opened it up, seeing a URL for a fanfiction website for Chuck's books at the top of the page, and beneath it in his brother's neat script:
Gabriel wrapped one arm around Sam's waist and pulled him flush. His hold was loose and languid. His body language was saying he wasn't going to force anything, but Sam wasn't going anywhere. "You okay gorgeous?" he asked Sam, genuine concern in his eyes.
“They could jump you before you do,” Gabriel said softly. “I didn’t patch you up so you could get yourself killed, you know.”
One of Cas' hands came up and started stroking Dean's hair. "I know, Dean. You're not at fault here. However, I'm grateful you made it a pleasurable experience for me."
Sam blushed as he turned his laptop towards Dean and Castiel to show them the page he was on, a fan site for Chuck's
The four-hour drive back the next day was fairly uneventful. Dean had a wild hair up his ass and decided to slip The Who’s
“Sounds like a date!” Dean said happily. Cas graced Dean with one of those big smiles he was looking for. This was gonna be
“No,” Castiel said firmly. “Absolutely not. Kevin and I have scheduled a practice for Saturday evening.” What he didn’t want to mention was that Kevin was helping him find a challenge piece to get First Chair back from Dean, since Kevin has played alongside the man for years and would help find a piece Dean couldn’t play as well as Castiel could. He also didn’t want to mention that he wanted to avoid the unsettling feeling in his chest when he spent too much time around Dean.
how Gabriel feels, and that incites more feelings of pain and anger and loss, because he is my brother, and my grace weeps with his pain. So I apologize if I cannot cry like you do, or scream and rage against a Father who would allow this to happen like Sam does, or retreat into my own mind like Gabriel is doing, because if I do any of that I will not be able to help those I love through their own grief, and my family’s needs will always come before my own.”
“Congrats, dude,” Dean chuckled. “Knocked him up on the first go-round.”
“Bobby didn’t know,” Gabriel said quietly from their door, standing in his boxers and an undershirt. Everyone turned to see the smaller man leaning against the door frame, looking absolutely exhausted. “No other angel can get into his head, but I can, and I never saw it. He didn’t know.”
Gabriel threw an arm over Dean’s shoulder, leading him out of the room. “Nothing major, just a power drill…” His voice trailed off as they left the room.
“Hey bro,” Gabriel replied with a smirk. “Heard you were in the dealership business now, was hoping you’d do me a solid.” He put one arm over Bobby’s shoulder, MJ standing just behind them holding onto Gabriel’s jacket. “My boy here just turned sixteen and we’re looking at his first set of wheels, I thought maybe you could give us a family discount.” Gabriel winked at the man.
“Seriously, Sam. Cas knows better. I’m not saying that Gabriel doesn’t, but he’s older than dirt. Maybe he just didn’t care because he remembered what it was like at the beginning; Cas wasn’t around for that, so he didn’t know what he was missing.” Dean clapped him on the shoulder with a lewd grin. “Think of it this way Sammy, you’re so damned good you made an archangel think with the head between his legs instead of the one on his shoulders.”
Sam rolled his eyes. "Oh, please. How the hell are we supposed to determine who wins that one?"
“Good morning, Sam,” Toni said, raising her coffee cup to him. Sam continued to stand there and just stare at her. She stood up and approached Gabriel, hand outstretched. “And you must be the archangel Gabriel. Lovely to meet you.” Gabriel took her hand, head swiveling between her and Sam.
“You okay, kid?” Dean asked Bobby. Bobby just nodded. “I really didn’t know, Uncle Dean, I swear.” Bobby wiped a stray tear from his eye. “I knew something big happened for Pops to go from Trickster to Archangel of Justice, but they never told me what. I don’t know if this was it or if us being here made it happen. I just feel so damned crappy.”
For the first time, she regretted her plan. It wasn't her intent to scare or hurt her family, especially her dad. She had faith in her plan, and wanted them to believe in her, too. "Sorry Daddy," she whispered.
"Gabriel," Sam gasped, pulling away from Gabriel's mouth after far too long without oxygen. Gabriel just gave him a lascivious grin and snapped his fingers. Their clothes ended up somewhere, Sam didn't really care where at the moment. No, at the moment he had a very hot, very naked archangel in his lap wriggling his ass against his cock. As Sam pushed up, he felt something slick along his dick, and smiled wickedly at Gabriel.
“Hey Sammich, come check this out,” Gabriel called out. Sam got up and walked over to where they stood over MJ’s bent head. Gabriel pointed at the powder and said with a grin “touch that.”
As the last tremors left their bodies, Gabriel leaned into Sam, fingers absently twirling the ends of his hair. Neither said a word, but they didn't have to because they were both thinking the same thing and they both knew it. The compulsion that time wasn't nearly as strong as it had been, and neither of them fought it. What neither of them knew, however, was how much the other wanted more.
They all agreed with Dean's sentiment and slowly proceeded to get their asses in gear. It was time to end all of this.
Dean took Castiel’s hand and smiled at him, and Castiel felt warmth spread throughout his body. “Yeah Gabe, we’re good.”
“Whatever you say, angel,” he murmured against Cas’ lips. Dean pulled him closer, holding him flush against his body as he started a slow, sensual assault on his angel. A soft press of mouths, a gentle brush of lips against chapped lips, a quick swipe of a tongue here and there; Castiel moaned into Dean, tightening his grip and using his body to ask for more. Dean could deny his angel nothing, tilting his head to taste his mouth in earnest. He loved kissing Cas, could do it forever if given the chance.
"She's my daughter, of course she knows what she's doing. And when she comes back, I'll ground her ass."
Sam stumbled into the kitchen looking for coffee. He desperately needed it at this point. "Happy birthday honey!" his mom called from the stove, removing a pancake from a pan.
They rolled into the bunker around lunchtime on Christmas day. Dean was awfully proud of himself for the time he made driving back, despite his mom and brother’s looks after his impression of a speed demon. As per usual, Castiel and Gabriel were waiting for Dean and Sam. An arm slung over Cas’ shoulder, Dean regaled them with the story of the not-so-fun witch hunt, praising his brother’s quick thinking and his mom’s fighting skills (who had no problem punching a bitch, whereas Dean and Sam were iffy about hitting women in front of their mom, even if they were witches).
MJ was sitting in the library early that morning with Bobby doing research on whatever hell was freaking people out in Broken Bow, Nebraska for her dad and Uncle Sam. Since it wasn’t a simple salt and burn, Dean decided to leave her here and took Sam along with him. It felt weird to MJ, but it was ok with her. She needed a little space from her dad right now.
Until Gabriel rolled out from underneath him.
Gabriel knew sneaky, and Dean was being sneaky in spades. Dean had come out of his room, looking each way down the hall making sure he was alone, not knowing Gabriel had been tailing him in “angel stealth mode”. When Dean had snuck past the kitchen to make sure Sam didn’t catch him, Gabriel snuck through and grabbed Sam’s hand, pulling him into his field of invisibility. Before Sam could say anything, Gabriel put a finger to his lips in the universal sign for ‘be quiet’.
Sam parked the car as they pulled up to the club, then just sat there thinking quietly.
is my favorite,” Castiel said. “
(he couldn’t ever remember the actor’s name).
“What do you think you’re doing?” Dean asked her.
He grinned up at Sam and said, “Cassie got me a gift!” with pride. Sam was curious and tried to peek in the bag, but Gabriel playfully slapped his hand away. “Nuh uh, mine.” Sam gave him the sad puppy dog face and Gabriel rolled his eyes at him. “I don’t know about you, but I’m ready to take a break.” Sam nodded and took his angel’s hand, trying to sneak a peek in the bag he was holding.
” as his body locked up and he came all over himself and his angel. Castiel kept pounding into Dean until his hips stuttered to a stop a minute later, pushing deep into Dean as he came, biting down on his hunter’s shoulder.
Dean froze.
“That’s more of a generalization,” MJ counters. “I won’t deny ‘mob mentality’ can turn even the calmest individual into a raging lunatic, and yes, humans are self-serving as a function of evolution to continue the survival of the species, but the average individual tries to be good and establishes a good semblance of right versus wrong, choosing right more often than not.”
, you moron!" Gabriel grabbed Dean's face in both hands and shoved his tongue down his throat. Sam just stared and Castiel whimpered. When Gabriel
Sam stroked his angel’s hair. “How about we sneak in a nap before we get to work on that, huh?”
“And I take it you two are cousins, not brother and sister?” Sam laughed, starting to notice similar mannerisms between MJ and Dean, as well as similar facial features-viridian green eyes, freckles, cupid’s bow mouth.
“But I like teeth,” Castiel said seriously. “I like teeth a lot.” He continued nipping down Dean’s neck, soothing each bite with his tongue. At the juncture of his neck and shoulder, Cas bit down as he ground into Dean’s cock harder.
Sam spluttered, red-faced with embarrassment. "No one looks proportional when they're not erect, Cas," he tried explaining.
The pressure of the rope so close to his groin made Sam more aware of his cock and balls hanging between his thighs, almost like they were on display for Gabriel. Sam smiled to himself, thinking it was probably intentional. He was enjoying himself so far.
Cas looked at it closely. “Impractical, but ingenious,” he said.
"Let him go, Herald," a voice said from in front of him. He looked up to see the reaper Billie standing there, waiting. "His soul's been severed from his body. He's done."
"Nothing I didn't already know," Gabriel said with a shrug. Then he grinned. "Sammy's got some pretty good theories though."
"Pretty sure," Sam replied. "If we split up, I think if you and I stick together and Dean and Gabriel stick together, we'll avoid the fanfiction pairings and this thing won't mess with us again."
Everyone just laughed at that and took seats around the map table, ready to figure out just what was going on.
"Think you're bigger than me, Gigantor?" Gabriel asked in a husky voice as he stalked towards Sam. "Grab your ruler and prove it."
"You lucked out with me, Sammy," Gabriel said. "Archangel/Trickster combo. Prepped and prelubed for your enjoyment."
She was about to protest when he cut her off “AND they need to be more respectful of you. Before I do anything, you guys need to hash things out, okay?” He kissed her on the top of the head before taking Sam by the hand and leaving their brothers and their daughter to talk.
better?” Dean asked. “You mean there’s a chance we could make things worse?”
Gabriel looked at him pensively before answering. “There’s not much I can tell you Sam. I’ve already gotten the full story from Bobby and MJ, and it all seems not only possible, but probable.”
“I’ll go get the kids,” Dean said quickly, scurrying out of the kitchen.
“Don’t threaten me with that bitch,” Crowley spat. “I remember the spell, I have the ingredients, but there’s just no incentive for me to do anything about your little…
* * * * *
Sam turned to Gabriel. “I think I have an idea,” he said with a smirk. He pulled out his cell phone, and after a minute he greeted the person on the other end. “Hello, Mr. Turner, this is Sam Winchester… Yes, I know what time it is, but I wanted to talk to you about your offer… I know, and I’m more than willing, but I need to ask for a favor in return…”
OK, I don't know how it happened, but I think I accidentally made Cas a cockslut. That wasn't the plan when I first started this series, but that's the story that unfolded. I'm just gonna run with it and see what the boys think ;)
“Did you know that a cat’s penis is sharply barbed along its shaft?” Sam imitated Cas’ gruff voice. “I know for a fact the females were not consulted about that.” The room broke out in more laughter.
(See the end of the chapter for
In an instant, Dean was sitting next to Sam on the couch, hand on his brother's arm to calm his fears. "Hey," he said softly, voice hoarse, "I'm not gonna die on you. Not like this." Dean couldn't stand seeing the fear in his little brother's eyes. It had been ingrained in him for as long as he could remember, take care of Sammy. He had to do something to soothe his nerves.
“You’re gonna have to work with me here, Cas, I don’t know any of this shit, and I’m trying really hard not to freak out right now.” He sighed and ran his hands over his face and through his hair. “We have a little girl out there who needs us; I can’t be losing my shit here. I need to understand all this.”
“Uh huh,” Sam said, pulling his shirts over his head, exposing his torso. “Down to boxers, or everything?” Last thing Sam wanted was rope burn in unfortunate places.
Sam and Dean were hanging out in Dean’s room watching
"Yeah," Sam reluctantly agreed, "whatever." He set up his laptop at a table far from Gabriel and started in on his research.
Dean whipped his head to glare at his brother, narrowing his eyes. "What did you say?" he demanded through clenched teeth.
"If I didn't know that angels weren't susceptible to such things," Castiel said, clearing his throat, "I would say we were affected by some sort of compulsion."
"Yeah," Sam rushed to agree. Last thing he wanted was to be stuck in close quarters with his brother if whatever this is was making them crawl all over each other. "You head on down there, I'll keep searching from here."
Dean slammed the door when he got home. He slammed his cello case into it’s usual corner. He grabbed himself a beer and slammed the fridge door. Then he gulped half his beer in one go before slamming that down onto the counter, too.
Cas nodded agreeably. After wiping his mouth and fingers of grease, he reached under his seat to pull the music from his own bag. “Why is the piece called
"Care to share the joke with the rest of the class?" Gabriel asked after Sam's last burst of laughter.
Gabriel just winked at him, then vanished.
Sam’s hand wrapped around the back of Gabriel’s neck, pulling him in for a slow kiss before dropping his forehead to meet his angel’s. “Are you sure you want to do this alone?”
by Fall Out Boy, he swore justice for every soul taken by the Grigori.
, that argument seemed a lot less stupid to Dean. He could play that part practically in his sleep, and Cas just kept tangling his fingers over the high A and D strings. Dean was starting to get a migraine listening to Cas play that one phrase over and over and
He took Sammy out to the garage, walking him up and down the rows of cars and telling him about each one. Dean would tell him how old they were, what made them special, what kinds of engines they each had and the best way to fix them. He crouched
Sam shook his head and set his book on top of the pile next to him. "Nothing yet. I started with succubi and inucubi, but they're not strong enough to resurrect an archangel. I also checked djinn, in case this is an elaborate dream, but it doesn't fit." Sam let out a shaky breath. "What if what happened before was just to throw us off? What if whatever this is gets violent, even deadly? Billie said we're out of chances; if we die again, it's for good." That train of thought tightened Sam's throat and he fought the tears that were threatening to form. "I can't watch you die again, Dean."
In which the author imagines the angels blowing their hunters.
“I don’t know what he promised you,” Sam said, giving Cas the stink eye, “but I hope it’s worth it.”
Tagging for violence and really bad shit going down. You may need tissues.
“It’s a rock song,” Dean explained. “It’s by a band called AC/DC. It’s one of my favorites, actually. Sammy got the idea to start the arrangement out as a classical piece that kinda, I dunno, morphs into the actual song. It’s pretty badass.”
Castiel relaxed again as Sam sat down at the piano and sorted the music out while Dean set up a couple music stands. Charlie pulled the stool out from behind the drum kit for Castiel while Dean got out the amp for the electric cello. He passed it over to Castiel, who sheepishly said, “I’ve never played on an electric cello before and am not quite comfortable with it, may I use your traditional?”
Sam stepped outside the front door where there was less noise, but was immediately assaulted by Dean and Castiel.
Dean’s jaw practically dropped at that, but Sam pushed on. “And how do Gabriel and Cas feel about that?”
“Sam,” Castiel said with a small smile. “You did nothing wrong, this is all on Gabriel. The bond was meant for two angels, not an angel and a human, and he was not aware of the effect it would have on you. He simply wanted to enjoy the bond between the two of you.”
Castiel just sighed. "Because I enjoy it. As you haven't been on the receiving end, I doubt you would understand. The prostate is a magical thing. Had I known how stimulating it would affect the rest of my body, I may have tried this when I was human and started feeling things like this."
, throw me a bone here,” he absolutely did not whine. “What the hell do I do for Valentine’s Day in the future?”
*  *  *  *  *
“You know who needs to be here?” Sam said loudly when he came up for air.
When he felt the baby spread his arms out against his chest like a big hug, Sam wanted to cry. His heart was still hurting after what happened to Gabriel and their baby, but he never brought it up because he didn’t want to hurt his angel.
MJ was still envious of her cousin's wings and made a nuisance of herself reminding him she didn't need a fancy angel blade to be a better fighter than him. Their arguing was quickly getting on everyone's nerves so Cas and Gabriel decided to put their energy to use and put them through more training, far away from the bunker so that they wouldn't do any damage.
and in the back of his mind Dean wondered why he'd never considered this before. He rolled his hips in a steady rhythm, pumping into Cas gently as the angel's head rolled from side to side. Cas would roll his hips in return, meeting Dean thrust for thrust.
world, it was our duty to protect our children at any cost.”
“Yeah, well, I had to get away from them for a while, and I figured with you in the cage I couldn’t get into too much trouble,” MJ pouted.
"You get into trouble a lot?" Sam asked gently. She responded with a one-shoulder shrug.
As Castiel made himself comfortable next to Dean, Dean fingered the lapel of his trench coat. “What’s with the Holy Tax Accountant getup? Thought you wore more comfortable clothes around the bunker now.”
Using the pan Cas used to saute the peppers and onions, Dean quickly toasted the insides of the buns and put them on plates. Before he could start building his burger, Cas instructed him to grab them some beers and relax while he finished up. Dean grabbed the beers, but instead of sitting he hovered over Cas as he built the burgers, slathering on the chipotle mayo before putting on the burgers and stacking them with pepper jack cheese, bacon, lettuce, tomato, peppers, and onions. They both heaped fried potatoes onto their plates and sat at the table to eat.
“The Paramount Theater downtown is showing something called the
With a wicked grin, Castiel took one of Dean’s hands and tangled it in his hair. “Then you had better be quiet, and you had better be quick,” he said, pulling Dean’s half-hard cock from his jeans and taking it fully into his mouth. Dean bit his lip to stifle a groan, not really succeeding. In less than a minute, he was fully hard and thrusting into Castiel’s mouth slowly, trying not to choke the man.
"She actually met someone," Sam said, sounding as shocked as Dean felt. "She said she doesn't have time for magic or Supernatural anymore. If she hadn't been so quick to get me off the phone without flirting with me, I wouldn't have believed it."
“The boss?” Dean asked.
MJ’s cell phone chirped.
With the first bite of the French apple pie, Dean’s eyes rolled back into his head and he moaned. He rolled the bite around his mouth a couple of times to savor the flavor of it before swallowing it. “Dammit Cas,” he said seriously, “you keep finding me pie like this I’m gonna have to marry your feathered ass.”
Gabriel and Sam silently watched as Dean tripped over his words and tried explaining to Castiel how much he meant to him. They squeezed each other’s hands as Dean told Castiel that he loved him. And Gabriel pulled Sam in for a hug, a single man tear in the corner of his eye, as Dean slipped the ring on Castiel’s finger.
“Wow, Cas,” Dean said, taken aback by the angel’s candid response. “Play it for me?”
Sam, Dean, and Castiel were all sitting in the library. Sam was still researching how to get the kids back to their own time, and Dean and Cas were on Dean’s laptop looking at Chuck’s cat blog. Dean was
As Castiel was climbing the steps to Dean’s front door that Friday, Sam was coming out the front door. Sam slapped him on the shoulder with a jovial, “hey, Cas,” as he passed, jogging towards the Impala. Castiel just smiled, then gave a little wave as Sam pulled out of the drive.
Bobby just went up to Kevin and hugged him. "It's good to see you, man."
"I am a fount of original ideas," Gabriel replied, throwing another gumdrop at Dean.
“What?” Sam asked. “I talked to Gabriel about the whole bond thing already and he said it has nothing to do with sexual or romantic love, but that’s between angels. Humans have physical needs, and I’ve been wondering how that plays out.”
MJ sighed at that, also standing and walking over to Lucifer. “You know the Winchesters. They’ll either give Crowley whatever he wants, or they’ll smite him and try bringing Rowena in. They don’t really do ‘halfway’. Either way, I’ll be out of here soon.”
Gabriel chuckled. “I know how to use an iPod, bro,” he said, not at all sarcastically. He was actually quite touched. Castiel was never the most emotional or demonstrative angel upstairs, and knew his emotional growth was due to the Winchesters. He was awfully proud of his angelic brother in that moment. He gave him a quick side-arm hug and said “thanks”.
"Dean!" Sam yelled as Gabriel disappeared in search of his wayward niece.
He looked at her hand for a moment before cautiously taking it in his. "That doesn't tell me much, sweetheart," he said, raising his other hand. "Perhaps you'd care to join me at my place and tell me more about yourself?" He snapped his fingers to blink them both out, but nothing happened. He snapped again with the same result and MJ giggled again.
MJ and Bobby looked at each other sideways. "A few," MJ answered, "just some who were close to us, family friends."
“I swear to Dad,” Gabriel said as solemnly as he could with the big grin on his face. “If you don’t like it, I’ll never ask you to do it again.”
Kevin looked MJ in the eyes with a smile, then kissed her cheek. “Goodnight, Gracie.” Then he was gone.
* * * * *
playing from his nightstand. He tried to reach for his phone, but was unable to due to Castiel’s naked body sprawled across him, effectively pinning him down.
"Okay, okay!" he said quickly, a hand reaching out to stop Cas from leaving the room. "What do you want me to do?"
They each took a copy of their parts, Dean taking first cello. He pulled out his small amp and hooked up his electric cello for this. They played through the first couple pages several times, Dean switching from the first cello piece to the second, trying to hear how it would come together. He wanted to bitch that Sam should have just made it a duet, but he knew that they needed another string instrument to pull off the complex sounds he loved.
"Already did."
"Remember when we first found out about Chuck's books, and during our research we found out about Sam girls and Dean girls and Sam-slash-Dean girls?" Dean grimaced and nodded. "Well, since Becky posted Chuck's unpublished works online, the fans have developed what they call OTPs-One True Pairings. The majority of the fans seem to think that you and Cas are destined to be together." Dean and Castiel side-eyed each other at that.
"Like wings?" Gabriel said, sounding more like a question than a statement. "Oh, and his eyes are glowing gold, not silver, and he can't shut it off."
"Yeah?" Sam responded with a smirk.
"Gabriel?" Sam asked, confused.
“Yeah, so do we,” Dean said. He waited until Bobby unplugged his ears and he had Sam and Gabriel’s attention. “Crowley called a couple hours ago, said he has information on Lucifer’s new prom dress.
* * * * *
Gabriel spun under him and wrapped his arms around Sam’s waist. He looked up with an exuberant look on his face, much like he had when he surprised them all with their family Fourth of July celebration. He looked over his shoulder at Mary, Dean and Cas, and asked them, “ready gang?”
Lucifer just sighed and shook his head. “That has got to be one of the most absurd things I’ve ever heard.”
.” MJ tried so hard not to start laughing again but she failed miserably.
“Who said anything about sleeping?” Dean said with a wink, making Cas smile.
Sam wondered if four-year-old Dean was this focused when Sam himself was a baby. He imagined his brother as a little boy, sitting on a couch feeding his baby brother a bottle or changing a diaper or putting him to sleep. Whenever he thought about these things he got mad at their dad all over again, but this time he pushed those feelings aside so he could focus on Dean and what he needed now. He just hoped his brother wouldn't get angry when he saw what they all had planned.
books. Dean laughed and asked, "you been getting in touch with your inner teenage girl, Samantha?" Sam just gave Dean one of his bitchfaces.
Gabriel laughed and said, "then let the healing begin!" He snapped his fingers and both of their clothes were gone. It had been years since Deanna had been skin-to-skin with anyone, and the sensation made her moan and melt into Gabriel's embrace. Hands threading into each other's hair, they pulled each other in for a kiss. Deanna blissfully explored Gabriel's mouth with her tongue, Gabriel's own teasing and dueling with hers.
Dean laughed. “There’s the original trilogy, Episodes four, five, and six, then there’s the new trilogy, Episodes one through three, which aren’t nearly as good as the original trilogy. The new trilogy just started with Episode seven. It’s pretty decent so far.”
Gabriel cupped her face in his hands and lifted her eyes to his. "What happened to you, sweetheart?"
When they arrived at the cage, they saw Lucifer sitting in one corner and MJ and Bobby sitting in the opposite corner, Bobby laying down with his head on his cousin’s lap while she stroked his hair. Crowley stood back as the other four men rushed up to the cage. When MJ saw them, she shook Bobby until he sat up.
“So how does it feel?” Sam asked his brother later that afternoon. “You seriously didn’t even notice that it happened?”
“Wait, so female vessels don’t give birth the normal way?”
As soon as the door closed behind Dean, Cas pinned him to it with the full length of his body. He ran his fingers through Dean's hair and pressed their lips together. The move startled Dean, but he could definitely roll with it. He slid his hands down Cas' sides then cupped his ass, pulling him even closer. Cas moaned and Dean slid his tongue into his mouth, missing the taste of his angel.
Dean... really didn't know what to say to that. On one hand, Cas
Sam looked over it approvingly. “Thanks, Bobby.”
a cat person, but he knew Cas found them adorable. Some of the video clips they found were actually kinda cute. They had just found a video of cats reacting to their own reflections in mirrors when Gabriel and MJ came in.
"So whatever this is knows a lot about angels," Sam surmised.
Eyes fluttering closed, Dean dropped his mouth to Sam's, just a soft brush of lips causing Sam to inhale sharply. The sparks were enough to ignite the flames, each man searching for more as they dove into each other. Fingers carded through hair, hands searched for skin, hips moved seeking friction. At the first denim-clad brush of erection against erection, Sam gasped, then whined.
"You're not insane," Castiel told her, still gripping her shoulder. "I believe that your immersion in fantasy in order to protect yourself, combined with your complete faith in the characters you clearly love, has powered the fragments of your soul and allowed them to slip between realities. That's how you have been able to affect us."
Castiel’s brain was on a repeat loop as he drove the fifteen miles home. He kept trying to process how he ended up in Dean Winchester’s arms, kissing him like he did. While he stopped caring years ago what his mother thought of his sexuality, he was still thoroughly appalled by his lapse in etiquette and poise and his mother would be, too. He was raised to maintain a certain level of decorum, to exude confidence and professionalism, and to be the best in his chosen career. Letting that fall apart over one Dean Winchester, his co-worker as well as rival, was asking for trouble. And Castiel Novak did
Bobby and Castiel walked into the room, Bobby holding a tray of sandwiches and Cas holding a stack of paper plates. “Lunch!” Bobby called out with a grin. Dean handed Sammy over to his mom and got up. He took the plates from Cas’ hand and set them down, taking Cas’ hand.
"WHAT?!?" Same exclaimed. "When did you measure Dean's dick?"
"Uh huh," she says slowly, giving him a sideways glance. "And when's the last time you just stopped by to see how I was doing?"
“So you and Dean are getting along now?” Kevin asked Castiel, startling him.
“Not bad, kid.” A skinny guy with a beard sat down next to him on the park bench, startling Bobby. He’d been so absorbed it seemed like the guy came out of nowhere. “’Course, you’re hitting those strings a little hard. Something bothering you?”
If anyone had noticed that Dean and Cas stood a little too close to each other now, smiled at each other a little more, or brushed against each other more often than could be considered casual, no one was mentioning it. And
