Sherlock beside him squirmed a little with impatience and, though he would never admit it, was also somewhat uncomfortable.
John had now abandoned whatever detached facade he had, and spoke with considerable emotion. "It doesn't matter who I am. As to why I care? Sherlock, because you are brilliant! Because you're a mad genius who can tell everything about me from one look, because you're the world's only consulting detective and you help Lestrade without wanting any credit or money.
He stopped briefly as Mycroft stepped in, and then continued. The brief pause was the only acknowledgement of Mycroft's presence.
John woke up from his dozing, finding Sherlock still in his lap, fast asleep, and the telly murmuring in the background.
Picking up the lighter, he saw the flame come to life, and admired it for a few moments. Perhaps he could see beauty in things after all.
Sherlock put down his test tube, as the approaching footsteps drew nearer. It only took him a second to analyse the gait, and another to determine who it was. The quick, firm, and periodic footsteps, with a military tinge to it spoke clearly of John Watson. He drew in a deep breath, and prepared himself for facing his old friend.
Sherlock's mouth tightened like he hadn't wanted John to know this, his jaw jutting out in a pretense of indifference.
Shaking his head to himself with a small smile, John went back to their room to fetch a blanket and drape it over the sleeping detective, tucking him in, and suddenly thought of all the romcoms he'd seen, with the lead doing
“Okay, John. Once you have completed this traditional part, you can proceed to the more, um, intimate part. There is not much of a difference, only our hands will be in a half-embrace.”
Rosie's sleep had been effectively terminated by the sound, and irritated, she began to wail loudly. The culprit was found to be Sherlock, who had accidentally dropped a beaker. John rushed in to the sound of the breaking glass and Rosie's cries, and stumbled upon a wonderful scene. The chemical in the beaker lay in a guilty puddle, beside Sherlock, who seemed to have forgotten all about it. He had picked Rosie up on his arms, and was rocking her back and forth, humming softly, trying to calm her down.
Sherlock did not respond at all, except for hitting a high note on the violin, which was almost a screech.
In Sherlock's mind, he was back to when he was little, and Mycroft stood tall in front of him, looking down at him with obvious disgust.
And, by a stroke of luck, no nightmares plagued either man, and their breaths evened as the moon shone bright above them.
John had been in the process of making tea, but he rather forgot about it. The kettle was on put to boil without switching on the gas.
John hadn't known he would care so much. Somehow, it made a tender feeling bloom in his chest about the lanky twat, and he found himself joining in and making rubbish but scathing deductions about them too.
"Mycroft cannot tell me what to do. Besides, his minions are useless. I asked him to track down the man who was following us. He had the audacity to text me that I should not
She wondered if he knew that she was sad on the inside. That she still loved him. Of course he did, she thought. He was Sherlock bloody Holmes!
John wasn't sure why, but he had expected Sherlock's lips to be harsh, dry. Instead, they were sweetly soft, firm in the space they occupied, demanding attention as they pressed against his own. They tasted faintly of the tea they'd had, and John realised Sherlock added a lot more sugar in the tea than he let on. The edge of his lips curled at the thought.
Then, as if at a mutual understanding, they leaned their heads forward in recognition, and went back to their own places. And perhaps they'd come closer to the mystery they had made themselves into.
"No, Sherlock," John's voice was restless and gruff. "I will not leave it. Goddman it Sherlock! I will not leave it. Sometimes, people care about other people, you know? And they want to know what happened to their loved ones when anything is wrong." It Was meant to be a statement, but came out as a shout.
He thought of the immense change that had already come into his life, the change that was to come. He didn't bother thinking about one thing though: how life would be once all of this was over. But 'this' had barely begun, and so such thoughts could be done away with for now.
And perhaps I am not your mother, but in that moment I feel a wave of affection drown me and I smile, closing the door behind me quietly.
He walked swiftly to the spot where he knew Mike Stamford was sitting, and waved a hand in greeting.
John observed the lather of the shaving cream that he'd applied on his face, the pink of his lips a startling contrast to the white of his cheeks and chin. His hand hovered above the mass of hair in his moustache, debating whether or not he should shave it off. Sherlock's comment on his facial hair had bothered John more than he would have liked to admit.
"No, no,no, Sherlock," John's voice was a breathy whisper, "What did you mean,  when you said 'never love me back'?"
would succumb to ridiculous impulses and take actions-- without consulting me-- that may blow our cover. Please tell me,
Another voice echoed, and Mycroft stepped from the shadows, “I understand you have put yourself in a very,” he paused as though searching for words, very well knowing he didn’t need to. “delicate predicament. Tsk-tsk, remember, brother mine, caring is not an advantage.” He ran a hand along the handle of his umbrella- a cold calculated gesture to lay emphasis on his statement, before smiling and vanished.
Yup. John met Mycroft, they were interrupted, but it ended fine. I wonder how will John feel when he finds out that it was MYCROFT that kidnapped him.
John wanted to.say no, that he didn't understand anything, except that Mycroft had lost his mind and that John should leave. But he didn't, and kept his mouth shut.
There was barely time to feel anything, and as much as there was disappointment pooling in his stomach, John was also very relieved.
"Oh, the one with the 'W'? A lady, your relative, she said, the one who recently became a widow? That's what she told me to tell you. That you'd remember who she was. A bit odd, if you ask me, telling me to say that to you. Anyway, she looked very happy that we had finally gotten married."
And all these thoughts were enough to keep sleep at bay. Then, after a few hours of tossing and turning, John decided to write his blog. Ella had said it would help, and well, he had no better option.
But i was wrong John. You did love me. You still do, I know. It's just that you loved Sherlock too. And you always loved him a little more.
"You- you really think so?" His voice had a tinge of fear in it, but he looked remarkably unaffected, though John knew where to look for the signs, and saw that Sherlock was surprised that anyone could consider him to be a good man.
For a moment there was silence, and then laughter and tears and applause. Mrs Hudson clapped the loudest, saying that the Holmes always gave the best speeches to which everyone laughed.
." Mycroft's tone was irritated and short tempered, and surprised John thoroughly. "I really did not think, Doctor Watson, that
"No," Sherlock said, the slightest of annoyance evident in his voice, as if he should have been able to deduce it by sight alone "But I know that you're a doctor, with some military career in the past,which gave you a shoulder wound-- right one, no left-- you live with a child, most likely a daughter and your husband and worst of all, work for Mycroft."
John felt the warmth emanating from Sherlock, and perhaps, could it be? A bit of affection. In Sherlock’s arms, he did feel warmth; but something else too. Safety. A kind of haven right there, and it felt strange. It was a feeling he hadn’t felt for a long time now. All this while, he had been protecting. On the war field, protecting his fellow soldiers, protecting Sherlock on his haywire adventures, protecting Mary.
Minutes later when Present John walked by, he was ready, and quickly saying farewell to Mike, a lot more elegant and friendly in its nature than the previous one, he rushed to follow his past self.
And then, as if hit with the full meaning and implications of what he had said, Sherlock's hand rose towards his mouth, trying to take back the words.
Before, he'd waved the thought away by saying that this would only affect his and Sherlock's relationship and nothing else. After all, if he and Mary were meant to be, they would.
But then, he stopped, withdrawing his hand from the doorknob, perhaps due to the fact that he could read his brother's mind so well. He turned around, and saw a flicker of hope on Sherlock's face: that his wish had been heard.
Beside him, Sherlock suddenly froze, and John hastily retracted his hand, an apology on the tip of his tongue. Had he gone too far and invaded Sherlock’s personal space?
John attempted at a chuckle. Sure he had come to terms with Mary's death, but seeing her again brought back old memories.
Only with Sherlock, John thought, could such things even happen. Only he could eclipse everything else.
So instead he took a minute to pause and think, and then hit on the phrase he wanted to use. "No, it's just, a bit not good."
And then the seven year old child and the thirty six year old man dissolved into one, and Mycroft comforted both.
Then John spoke something in his ear, and he laughed, his eyes crinkled, and though she was too far away to have heard him, she could have sworn his deep, bubbling laughter echoed in her ears.
An image was suddenly projected on the wall behind Mycroft. Startled, John looked at it. It grew clearer as his eyes snapped into focus.
"You should take her aside and talk to her, John." Sherlock's voice was soft, and understanding. At times like these, John wanted to kiss him full on the lips, and tell him how much he loved him. And since it was his wedding day, he was entitled to it. And so he pecked Sherlock on the lips, Whispered a 'thank you' in his ear, and turned.
There was these little times, that brought them closer to each other, and if it was indeed possible, make their love grow.
He had to believe that Rosie would be safe and that she would exist. Because she had to. There were only two people that John truly loved in his whole world and he couldn't bear to lose both of them.
He imagined them standing, him bent forward, inching closer, her lips pliant-- suddenly the image in his head morphed into something else. Mary's lips were replaced by firm, yet soft lips. Placing a brief kiss on his own. Tasting like tea leaves and mint and sugar.
I don't say anything. I don't know how to. I just look at your face. You look  tired, frustrated even. But you still smile, trying to be encouraging. For a moment I am angry at him. Angry, because you're so perfect. So normal. But then it subsides, as I realize something. This is your first fight with mom and dad, John. You've never argued for anything. Always took what they gave you, never disagreed.
It's the sound of a woman. A moan. A sensual, perfect moan. Not mine, then. It brings me back to reality, and that kiss seems to be a dream. A peek of what could have been, from an entire different universe. That seems nice, doesn't it? A universe where this could be possible? Us?
"Oh no, Dr Watson," Mycroft voice almost had a chuckle in it, " When I said you would do as you had earlier declared, I meant it quite literally."
And then, when John stood without doing anything, Mycroft said irritatedly, "Press the red button, John. You can use it thrice, to reach the same time stamp and once you're done, press the 'Reset' button which ought to bring you back to the present."
Mycroft's voice drawled as John entered, standing In between his large plush black chair and his even larger mahogany desk, which was neatly stacked with papers. His palms were splayed on the desktop, his back bent slightly, as he looked at John amidst all the paperwork.
It was a mostly empty room, and John couldn't quite make out what was so important that those security measures had been necessary. It was a grey walled room with only a round table in the middle of it, upon which rested what to John looked like a fancy leather wristband.
You say Sherlock's name like it's a sacred prayer,  savouring it each time you says it, pausing a little. You talk a lot about him, and when you laugh, sometimes you looks to your right,  eyes stopping there for a second, as if you're looking at someone over there. I've checked, there's nobody. I shrug, because everyone has their quirks. I suppose it's just the way you're. It doesn't really matter.
He'd stayed in denial, thinking that things weren't that bad, but this was irrefutable evidence that they were far worse than bad. He had known things had been slipping, but not so much and so quickly.
"No Sherlock. Not nice at all," John fought to keep his anger under control. "Look, I appreciate what you did for Harry yesterday, but you don't have to keep helping us. We're okay."
So he quickly sat up and deleted all his contacts, emails, messages, songs and photos, pausing only at his two recordings, his thumb hovering over the screen, lit up a pale blue in its light.
"For god's sake Sherlock, I said I don't need your help!" John growled, "and I don't need any benevolence from Mycroft either. My sister and I are managing fine without your help."
But I could, John thought, still surprised at the man he saw in front of him, the Sherlock before he'd met John.
But it really does pain Sherlock. It pains that you keep humiliating me, it pains that I still love you.
“John it became too much. She- Rosie—I was---nightmares—you died. John, I couldn’t.” Sherlock's voice, like his eyes were pleading, begging John to understand.
Lestrade gave him an appreciative pat on the back, and his gaze fixed on Sherlock, who was looking right back at him. Stepping away from the crowd, they stood silently facing each other for a moment. Then, "Mycroft."
He had lain contemplating nothing concrete, dancing around the fringe of what exactly was this phenomenon named Sherlock, and John's feelings for him.
Mrs Hudson talks to you, excitedly, her eyes gleaming with happiness, and I can see that she is thrilled at this. You and him. And you, you are thrilled too. More than thrilled. Ecstatic, I should say. You are smiling, grinning, like a complete idiot, and there is a flair in the way you hold yourself, as if you are proud of something. You stand taller when you introduce me to Mrs Hudson. A warm feeling floats into my chest. Everything that I've gone through seems to be worth the pride in the way you look at me.
And for a moment, he was back to when Sherlock was six, and him 14, comforting his younger brother over the loss of a friend.
Thought Sherlock, and he turned around, and said, his voice almost a shout, "I didn't choose, Mycroft. And I know that love is a chemical defect found on the losing side."
John continued to stand and then went to the desk,"Do we--" John fumbled with both his words and his hands as he tried to tidy up the papers on the desk in vain.
“Okay, now we have to move together, you comprehend? First to your left, then to your right. Yes. Like that. now, together, on the count of three, diagonally to your left, one feet at a time. “One, two three. Yes, you’re doing fine. Now, once again, a little towards the right, then diagonally to your left , then to your right, diagonally- ow!”
No one tried to come out of the van, and John could hear Harry's voice shouting, "Let me go!" In a voice so full of panic that John's blood boiled, and seeing red he dashed towards the back door, yanking it open with such force that the resulting bang startled everyone, even Sherlock.
Sherlock took in a deep breath, and that moment which would have been otherwise silent, was interrupted by an 'Ah!' From Rosie, who was in the corner of the room, sitting on a yellow blanket, which was barely seen under the rubble of toys.
and yes, there is no kissing or confession here, I  am aware. But it seemed to early for them the way their position was at the end, to actually kiss. But the fact that they've come to terms with their feelings for each other is huge progress in itself.
Mary looked at him without saying anything for a long moment. Then she smiled softly and said, "Good. That means you're still up for grabs."
“Oh many things,” the Sherlock in the video began, causing an “Oi!” from John. The footage continued, “He often raises objections with my experiments, and is most unrelenting in his insistence that I eat something regularly. I do not eat, especially during cases, because digestion slows down mental processes. But John insists on feeding me, and all but shoves food down my throat.”
As always, a HUGE THANKS TO VANSHIKA WHO MAKES EVERYTHING SO MUCH MORE BETTER, AND WHO TOOK THE LAST LINE AND SPRINKLED HER MAGIC DUST ON IT!!!
his brain to not draw a blank. Sherlock had stepped too close to him, and now John was ridiculously distracted by the detective's lips. Thinking was a bit hard, at the moment. "Mycroft?" He said stupidly. Anything was better than not being able to look away from his flatmate's lips. The fact that he might have to kiss them in the near future did not help at all.
New evidence had been found that had thrown the case on its head. The forensic report found only one pair of suspicious fingerprints, which were on a bottle of sleeping pills. The prints belonged to the victim’s son-in-law.
"John" Mrs Hudson chirped and John proceeded to sit on his usual place at her tea table, the panic that was welling in his chest subsiding when she did not seem to find any discrepancy in his appearance. "Just give me a minute, would you, I'll get you the cuppa."
"Ladies and gentlemen, when I first heard that these men," Lestrade pointed towards John and Sherlock, "had finally decided to come together, I was relieved." At this he received some chuckles, and he went on, "To see them like this after years of enduring the sexual tension between the two, we'd given up hope that they would ever see that the other idiot loved him too." At this people laughed properly, since they'd all gone through this feeling at some point around the two.
John however, was a little disappointed with the quick change of position. He had enjoyed, not that he would admit it even to himself, the warmth that their embrace had brought, and the protective stature of the detective as he held him.
That was the main attraction then, John thought, because it was inside a glass case, and Mycroft once more proceeded to do the same actions which he had at the door, to open the glass case.
"You saved my life!" Sherlock had exclaimed to Moustached John, and now he explains how. This leaves the other John wondering if he is making the right decisions.
When him emotions threatened to collapse on him, he decided to leave and said abruptly to Sherlock, "Um I should get going. Bye."
Both John and Sherlock exclaimed at the same time, and proceeded to give each other slightly offended looks at hearing it from the other's mouth.
Sherlock froze at first, but then settled in too, with some semblance of genuinity. It wasn't very smooth for sure, but Mary smiled widely at them. "Absolutely perfect. Well, almost. You just need some practice."
"Yes, in a way. Come, sit here on the couch." She motioned to the couch and shifted Sherlock's chair to face it.
Mycroft regarded him with a slightly pained expression. He took a deep breath. "Do you love him, John?"
Her anger subdued when she realised that John looked visibly confused, and handed him the envelope. It was a pamphlet of some really posh rehab by the name of "White River Manor", and a voucher of some sort, covering most of the charges to a 3 month stay.
"Yes. The owner of the object inside requested this be the key, and the others," Mycroft's face showed open disappointment, as if the others had committed a serious breach of civility, "thought that it would be bit of a laugh'."
"You care. You really do care, not just as Mycroft's employee, you have a personal interest in my welfare. Why?"
"I left you? I struggled for two years John! Dismantling Moriary's network, making sure that there were no loose ends. All so that you wouldn't be shot by Moriarty's men. I did it for you, John. It's always been for you John." His voice had a shiver to it, and he seemed to no longer be talking to John.
Mycroft sighed, giving up, his face still full of sourness, and said, clearly,"Wibbly-Wobbly Timey-Wimey."
I want to thank him, John, for so many things. The most for helping me become sober. And for making you believe in me to do it. It's one of the things that I thought could never happen. Not after I had broken your trust. Not after so many times. Not after that day.
John took a deep breath and looked at his shoes. Mycroft probably knew already and was just wanting to confirm it. He let out the breath he was holding and said,"Yes. I- I do." his  voice was quiet.
John had messed up the last bit, and stepped onto Sherlock’s foot. After many apologies and sheepish laughter, they tried the step again. this time John did it better, and only stumbled a little towards the ending. After a few more mess-ups, some stumbling, laughter, and teasing, they had reached a point where Sherlock thought it appropriate to advance to the next point in this waltz.
Mycroft tutted a little at his idiocy as if John should have known what it was, and repeated, "A Vor-tex manipulator"he said slowly, emphasising each syllable."I have, after many efforts, been able to borrow this from a friend."
"Wonderful, actually", John's voice sounded very joyous, and he looked back subconsciously to where Sherlock would be,even if he couldn't see him through the walls. "I am a very fortunate man indeeed."
For John, it would be a guilty bliss, for he remembered the moment often, but not always at appropriate times. For isn’t it a crime to think of someone- the way they held you- when you lay in another’s arms?
"I- I. John." Then lifting his hand to touch John's face, but withdrawing it, not Sure if he had the right to. At last, he said, "I do."
Mycroft was quick to reply,"Oh yes John. Didn't you know? Sherlock has returned very recently from Rehab , where he has been to multiple times, due to his addiction to drugs, primarily morphine and cocaine."
As John scanned the room, he suddenly froze. No, not today, not after all this time. He tried to look away, but kept looking back at it.
She was a fairly attractive woman with short blonde hair and a sleek tailored suit, with the kind of intelligence and spark in her eyes that felt very familiar to John, but he could not place
Again the urge seized him like it had in the park, a desire to let out all of his anguish, and he opened the voice recording application in his mobile phone.
, very bad image-- but he had at least expected some remark, some nervousness to indicate that a mistake
"Not that you aren't already proficient at that. Your older post was very romantic." She teased him, and John felt himself go red. Thankfully, by this time Sherlock had excused himself from the "tedious deceiving tactic" so that John didn't have to handle the embarrassment a second time.
John was glad Sherlock had said that and not "check if you and I have fallen in love". Because then that sentence would be out there in the open, and freely available for John's torturous memory to store.
Sherlock would never come to bed, insisting that he didn't need sleep, and that John could sleep on his bed for the time being. He stayed up all night, John thought, doing this experiment, or solving some case, just by reading about it from Lestrade's texts.
?" He said the last two words scathingly, his earlier disinterest falling apart, intending every bit of the wound he had just inflicted on John.
"I see," there was only a hint of disappointment in his voice, before he continued, "You're being sent far away? Far away from him too, seeing as you're so distressed about it."
It had been his fear, the very thing plaguing him- The fact that he was the reason Sherlock had experienced pain. It made him angry. It made him what to throttle Sherlock, shake him to his core, and ask, why,
Sherlock consented, and trustingly laid down, stretching his long limbs over the couch, the end of his feet dangling off it. He placed his head onto John’s lap, and the latter found out very gratefully that his fears of having an untimely boner were completely unfounded.
"Excellent. Yes. He is keeping a watch on us." Sherlock turned to face John with a serious expression, stepping closer to the army doctor. "Tell me, who would need to keep a lookout on us, and observe our actions? Who would stand to gain from this?"
John would later recollect each moment of it perfectly. He'd lifted his left hand once again to Sherlock's face and leant forward, and this time, having evidently learnt from the previous attempt, Sherlock did the same. John felt his face being encompassed by a large hand and tilted upwards; somewhat clumsily, their lips met.
The air around them thickened, the expectation of… something clouding it. Mary's breath seemed to catch in her throat and she leaned forward.
Sherlock sat on his own chair and smiled at John, “How is Mary? How is your practice going? Good, I assume?” John just smiled back. “You know you don’t have to make small talk with me Sherlock, it’s okay.”
For now he curbed his urge to snog Sherlock on the wall behind him, knowing that there would be enough time tonight for payback.
And John watched it dawn on the detective, like some sick, painful joke. Watched as curiosity piqued in the taller man, as his eyes widened ever so slightly in realization, the split second of hurt that was quickly masked, and the features that hardened, betraying nothing.
Mycroft smiled wearily at him, "That, Dr Watson, is a story for another time. Bringing the point back home, you became a liability for Sherlock due to which he had to go through all of this."
"Well, look at the group of reporters. Go on." Sherlock had an encouraging look on his face that meant he was dead set on John figuring it out himself.
We talk for a long time. I don't find any difficulty in keeping the facade of Mary Morstan. I have done this hundreds of times before. Only this is the last time. This is who I am going to be, forever. I am leaving my past behind, and if all goes well, the man in front of me is going to be my present and future.
"Yes," almost subconsciously, John slipped into his part of the concerned parent having 'the talk' with a thoroughly embarrassed son. "We do."
All he could see was John and Rosie in his arms, and him with John and Rosie. And the three of them, for what they were. A family.
One such morning, when the day had only begun and soft sunshine filtered onto their bed, that Sherlock woke up, trying to understand what the heavy weight on his left torso was.
Of course, if a certain detective and a certain army doctor played a kiss a few times in their heads over the period of the next few weeks, no one was the wiser, and there was nothing to rebuke.
Sherlock was not sure if his deductions very accurate. John seemed to be slightly flustered, and if he was not mistaken, embarrassed at being caught thinking. But Sherlock was too hassled with his own thoughts, and did not delve into the matter any further. Instead he pulled out his phone.
Both wondered what they should do next. Should they pretend as though the past hour didn’t occur, not acknowledge it- as if it were only a figment of their imagination. Or should they stand there, trying to make conversation, only to be stopped by the awkwardness between. But what they both feared most, was neither of these two outcomes.
Since John couldn't muster up a name that wasn't his or incriminating, he said, trying to be teasing, at ease, "I suppose you'd have already deduced it." He tried to smile.
There was a momentary silence in which the three stood for a while: Mary smug, John scandalised, and Sherlock, well, unable to process.
Shoutout to Vanshika for her patience and her amazing beta skills, and to y'all for reading this story!!!
"No, no, no. Sherlock," he said, setting Rosie back in the cradle. He held Sherlock's shoulders with both his hands, as if trying to steady him, "it's not like that. If she- if Rosie wants you to become her father too, if that's the way she sees you, I have no objection, Shelrock. "
Sherlock sometimes made deductions about the people who'd left the comments, and was surprisingly venemous towards the inevitable Anti-LGBTQ ones.
There was a brief silence in which both of them soaked this in. Yes they did know they'd have to share a bedroom. But really, John had thought that it would only be for a day or two, so that later when they'd be asked John could tell everyone whether Sherlock was a snorer or not.
Correcting his appearance a bit, and collecting himself, he walked out of his room, with no suggestion of anything that had happened inside it.
They had never talked about it. The only explanation he'd gotten was that Sherlock had to dismantle Moriarty's network. His mind slightly reeled at all the implications this had, and he wished, once more, that they had talked more about---about
"Well, then it depends. You could sever all ties from him." But even as Mycroft suggested this, he knew when he looked into his brother's eyes- it would not be possible.
"No. Why would you say that?" John felt exasperated by this. From the moment he met Sherlock everyone had assumed they were together and now John had to listen to Sherlock make the same statement himself.
The men were standing with guns and flashlights, all pointing towards John and Sherlock, throwing them into the spotlight, while Mycroft was only illuminated by the dim glow of the  street lights, bathing him in shadows and making him look just like the criminal mastermind John had first imagined him to be.
He took a moment to gain his bearings and internalised the massive chain of events that had occurred the day before. Then, still rubbing his eyes, John trudged down the stairs, to find the reason behind all the noise outside.
"What? The brochure? You were telling me about Harry, so I thought I'd save you all the trouble and find you one. They gave a massive discount too when they found out it was Mycroft who'd wanted it, a nice little touch don't you think?"
Sherlock, using the height advantage, leapt out of the chair and kept it out of the smaller man's reach and continued reading, "'
As he bounded up the stairs, giving Mrs Hudson a polite good morning, he heard Sherlock's voice call out to him, clearly under the assumption that nothing was wrong.
He preseed a kiss to John's head, enjoying every sensation,every sound and smell, and whatever else he could salvage from his moment. They stood there for a while, even after John's sobs died away, holding each other in blissful silence.
"I've known Sherlock for a very long time, John, and let me just say this, Sherlock Holmes has always been a great man, but you made him a good one." He smiled softly to the applause in the room. " And Sherlock, now, I think your brother would like to say a few words."
He turned another light on, so that it was bright enough to be able to see things clearly, but dim enough to hide the intensity of emotions. He would not need an extra aid in determining the state of his brother's mind.
"Everyday? Isn't- isn't that a bit much?" John said, hoping to God his voice wasn't as high pitched as it sounded to his own ears.
"No. We're just -- friends." John gulped, a bit in disbelief. Had Sherlock just suggested that his future self may also be attracted to him? Of course not. He couldn't be, Sherlock didn't feel things like that.
John, who was still thinking about this reality's John--how he didn't hesitate to shoot a man to save someone he'd just met-- was lost.
"Well you live with another man and are presumably raising a child with him, you are obviously attracted to him and he returns the emotions, from what I can see. Therefore I assumed that you are in a relationship, though the length of it and the intensity of your emotions suggested married."
He tasted the word in his mouth, as if just understanding what it meant. What it would mean if it were true.
“Why? Why did you –use ---again.” John’s voice had dropped to a strangled whisper, his watery eyes fixed on Sherlock, a sentence left unsaid but glaringly obvious in his voice.
It would usually be some time when they were sitting together, or working in close proximity, perfectly friendly and straightforward; when an impulse would rise in the doctor.
"No, I didn't leave on time. It's just that I haven't done this in a while. Well, ever since..." You stop, and then gulp, and then blink rapidly, as if trying to hold back tears. She must have been something, huh.
That's what I would still have been like, John. If it weren't for you. Or for Sherlock. He helped me quietly you know. Sometimes, during the process, when I felt like giving up, somehow he would always know. I would find him at whichever bar I chose, even if I did it randomly. He didn't say much, just took me to some cafe. He talked about normal things you know. Sometimes about your relationship, sometimes about Rosie, or some crime that he was solving. He said it mechanically, most of the times, except when he was saying something cute Rosie did, or a funny thing that you did. But it helped, weirdly enough. I could tell sometimes it made him uncomfortable, especially the first few times.But he had this fierce determination in his eyes. He loved you enough to go through all that. He's a good man, John, and he's made you an even better one.
However, as time passed, and Sherlock got used to the sensation of it, he relaxed onto John's lap, eyes languidly gazing at the doctor.
He went up to Sherlock, who was, unassumingly trying to get Rosie to calm down, and taking his face in his own hands, pulled him into a kiss.
Sighing, he stepped out of his car. Anthea asked him a question, to which he replied with a murmur, not sure what the question was.
"You help people simply because you can and because you want to.And that makes you a better man than most people around here. So don't waste all of that on getting high." John finished, his eyes moist, his left hand in a continuous clenching and unclenching episode, and his left leg feeling slightly heavy.
As always, for the final time in this  fic, A HUGE THANK YOU HUGS AND KISSES TO VANSHIKA who is utterly amazing and has been the best beta ever, making this fic a hundred thousand times better, with her intelligence and amazingness.
Shaking his head but giving in, John looked carefully at the group of reporters that were in the midst of the crowd. He soon found what Sherlock might have been pointing to. "there's--this man. He doesn't have a camera. It's actually a-- it's a pair of binoculars. That's weird."
Suddenly Sherlock was under water. A thousand feet below the surface, with not a sound, except of silence, and a calmness that enveloped him completely.
"Oh is it the cost you're worried about?" Sherlock waved his hand, as if dismissing all John's concerns, "Don't worry about it, Mycroft's got most of it covered, though if you--"
"He sustained them during the two years after his staged suicide from St Bart's roof. He jumped, Doctor Watson, to save your life."
Before, I thought that we could share you. But now that I am dead,  I realized something. No, I had always known it. I knew when I took the bullet for Sherlock. I know it now.
They should have been comforted by this, and they were to a certain extent, but it still took a few minutes for them to finally face each other and attempt it.
But apparently it had been, because Sherlock looked up in surprise at John, and then stuttered, "But I was telling the truth-- I was doing experiments the rest of the nights-- John, I--" Sherlock paused, gulped, then averted his eyes, "didn't want to you sleep on the floor and didn't think you would be comfortable sharing a bed with me." He finished quietly.
Mycroft banged his hand on the wood, his voice laced with obvious irritation"You know what I mean very well John! Stop with this idiocy of yours. I am not here to cater to your sexuality crisis."
As always a huge thanks to Vanshika who makes the mistakes and loopholes apparent and fixes them too!!!!.
"Sherlock, what is wrong with you? I know it is difficult for you, but it's not been a ride in the park for me either, you know?"
She smiled at John with that same mischievous glint and said "My pleasure. Now best get on back upstairs or your boyfriend will start thinking there's something going on here."
In reply, Sherlock cautiously put a hand on John's neck, and pulled him forward somewhat roughly, not because he didn't have enough experience, but that for all the experience, his mind had gone blank. The only coherent thought was a single word.
Downstairs, Sherlock had already woken up, and was at the window, though an acrid smell came from the containers in the set up on the kitchen table. The detective must have been up early, though John had no evidence that the man had slept at all. He had still been awake when John had gone to bed.
John remembered mentioning that to Sherlock the previous night. He hadn't guessed Sherlock would make such extravagant gestures.
"Fine." Sherlock's interest had shifted back to the petri dish, and he was about to add a chemical to it. "So why did Mycroft send you here?" His voice was heavy with derision.
It was a wild, unthinkable thought. Feeling dazed with all the 'what-ifs', he imagined briefly what it would have been like to kiss Sherlock. He threw the thought out of his head the very next moment. Sherlock Holmes was his best friend, and best man. John had a wife. He was happy.
For now, there was the fake romance he had to play a part in, there was fooling the rest of the world, there was the fulfilling of the greatest prophecy of all time.
. Was the idea of sleeping next to John so bad that he had to lie and sleep uncomfortably in a fucking chair?
He didn't stop to wait for Sherlock to reply and left the lab, only hearing an echo of the farewell Sherlock spoke.
"What? You want to try again?" Mary asked, teasing John of course, but with a hopeful turn to her smile and eyes.
Timely, as ever, on the fifth day of their 'one week lock-in', John and Sherlock received a call from Mycroft's office about the second blog post John had to make. This time however, it was not Mycroft, but one of his "minions", as Sherlock liked to say, who had called them.
"But you never saw it, did you? John 'not gay' Watson. You never saw it and you never will. Because you can never love me back!" The last sentence was loud, and yet his voice shook audibly, the resultant effect of which voiced only to clearly the depth and intensity of his emotions. Rosie sensed pain in her father's voice, and she held her hands out, in order to somehow comfort him.
After Mary had died, and John had moved back in, he had begun to realize something. That the affection that he had for Sherlock before, was still present, stronger than ever before, but something else had creeped in too. He found himself staring at Sherlock's lips, and sometimes wondered what it felt like to kiss them. He began to become overly conscious of little things: their hands brushing when they reached out for the same thing, their closeness as they sat on The couch, Sherlock's breath on his neck when reading through John's writing, his head JOhn's shoulders.
At the end of the date, I have found out many things about John Watson. Some that he told me, and some that I picked up. I know that he's a retired war veteran, currently a practicing doctor. I know that he has a limp in his leg, apparently psychosomatic. I know that he likes to wear jumpers, and he doesn't like sugar in his coffee. And I know, that whoever this Sherlock Holmes is, John was in love with him. Correction: John is in love with him.
Mary simply smiled at Sherlock with not inconsiderable smugness, and said, "I am here to teach the two of you how to sit in each others' laps."
The fat arsehole. His only goal is to protect the bastard he and his government keeps leeching off of."
?" Sherlock protested vehemently, evidently not liking these restrictions. John wasn't too keen on them himself.
He realised too late that he had said that out loud and what it must have sounded like. The shattered look on Sherlock’s face confirmed John of his suspicions. He hadn’t meant it that way. But even then he said nothing.
He paused before opening the door to the lab, revising, in his mind, the reasons he was here, the 'here' not just the lab, but the time he was in, where he had been transported, and the three chances he'd been given.
I have always wondered whether it was possible. Whether We were possible. In another universe, perhaps? But it doesn't seem likely, Sherlock. Seeing you with John feels as though he is the only one you belong with. In any universe, in any form. John is a very lucky man, Sherlock, you should know that.  But I suppose he deserves it. You are at your happiest around him.
Changing the past would affect the future. Would his and Mary's relationship and as a consequence, Rosie's existence vanish from the face of the earth?
Sherlock closed the door of his room behind him, and leaned on it, sweating. “Sherlock, you have been naughty.” A sultry voice accompanied with trailing fingers on his face said. Irene stood in front of him, stark naked, like she always was.
"Who are you?" Sherlock asked, an eyebrow arched in disdain, as if John had made a mistake by breathing the same air as him.
John’s heart thudded rapidly as he watched Sherlock make up his mind, wanting the detective to both accept and deny his proposal at the same time.
There were, of course, other things that he liked to remember when he was feeling low- usually when he was bored and had used, always feeling alittle guilty, but letting the want take control. He would remember Redbeard, and imagine himself playing with the dog. Some days he would remember Victor- but only for a few moments- before banishing him to a corner of crumbling walls.
"Though she was previously against using it, after much persuasion, she agreed to lend me this, on the condition that I only use it thrice, at the most, and has configured it to be so. She has, helpfully, set the coordinates to the park at approximately the time you met Mike Stamford.
do. We are addicts in need of a fix and this is the only way we can get it. And I know it’s not ideal. But you and I and Rosie, we can make this work together. Have no doubt for the affection I have for her John. She is indeed, our daughter.”
Strangely enough, John wasn't sorry about his outburst. And that was something he didn't want to inspect too closely.
The hostility that had been evident in Sherlock's features lessened, and so, an encouraged John continued.
With it came a sudden wave of want. It's depth was all-consuming, and it left both of them suddenly exhausted, and yet energized by the want. It was a longing, the longing for deliverance after all the years of pent up emotions, trying to come through all at once, like a river trying to flow faster than could be contained, resulting in a flood. They drowned in their own emotions, parting from each other to breathe, come up to the surface.
"If word gets out that you are sleeping in separate bedrooms-- the media will be printing 'Trouble In Paradise?' before we can ever start, and it will be a huge blow to us. We need to get through this as quickly as possible and a scandal will not help anyone." Mycroft seemed satisfied by this explanation, and indeed even Sherlock had nothing to criticize except a few grumpy mumbles.
Mycroft just smiled. "John, I am very serious about all of it. Now, please maintain silence or I will, quite unwillingly, call upon a few guards to help you do as I say."
Five days later, John, carrying a small backpack, once again stood at the doorstep of Baker Street, at six in the evening. The sky was light now, but the darkness of the night was slowly creeping up from the edges.
"So is he, John, so is he. I hope he knows that." She looked at him wistfully, and suddenly John felt a stab of affection for her.
I glad I did that. You loved being clever and being praised, and you loved me too, I think. And you used to tell me all about the crime that you solved, and I would just laugh and kiss you on your forehead. They were fun times.  And loved every day of it. And I think you know it too.
"You, Sherlock, were a changed man, once you met John Watson. Very subtle changes at first, but more prominently as we moved on. You had, to my surprise, kept completely clear of drugs, and had begun to eat food, however occasionally. It had appeared to me, that this John Watson, your flat mate, was good influence after all. But then, Sherlock, I saw small slips. Slips of sentiment. Of course, I had known that you could always feel, and had discouraged you from doing so. For your own benefit, I always told you. And yet, sentiment never hindered you in becoming what you are.What you're today. And perhaps even aided you in becoming it. The best detective in the world, one of the wisest men I know, and a younger brother of whom I will always be proud of. Dr Watson, you have saved the life of my brother, many times, broken his heart too, but always put it back together. And as I understand, Sherlock too has saved and broken you in many ways.  but it is in the institution of marriage to fight and disagree with each other. And come back to each other every time. Perhaps, it is not as much as a weakness, as it is a strength, then." He smiled lightly, and looked at the couple. "It has been a true pleasure to watch your distracting, childish rivalry evolve in to a distracting, childish courtship, and now into what I'm sure will be a distracting, childish marriage."
Their eyes were open as they closed the distance between them, and with a final encouragement of "Fuck it" from his brain, John closed his eyes and journeyed the last centimetre.
Sherlock didn't look thoroughly convinced, but didn't probe further. “Well, then.” He released John, who quickly turned around and continued making tea in jarring, jerky movements.
Sherlock was about to tell John just how wrong he was when John's phone, which he'd absentmindedly left on the table last night-- no, John was quite sure he had kept it in his pocket-- rang.
The pressure of seeking lips just below his ear drowns all that out for some unexplainable length of time and he realises instead how much he's fucked up; how he should have waited forever and after the end of time for Sherlock to come back to him (because he knew, he just didn't
Perhaps he curses again but John can’t hear anything except the blood rushing in his own ears. His heartbeat, thumping out of time with the slow morning light around them, racing against his chest as if it may leap out.
Then John’s fingers are back circling his cock, thumb teasing the head and all thoughts of hurting himself again disappear from Sherlock’s mind. He concentrates everything on the feeling building in the deepest parts of his body, gradually letting go of every bit of tension his muscles have been storing. John kisses Sherlock’s chin and the space below his ear, buries his face into the curls of his hair and works his hand with finesse.
“John,” Groaned against his ear lobe, through wet shiny lips, somehow managing to produce words like only Sherlock could at such a moment, intelligent even with his cock straining and heavy.
Now, that hand is gripping the edge of his shoulder not to stop him, but for support. To stay vertical, because Sherlock is close, John can feel it aching in the air between them. As the hum of the crowd leaving the church gets louder, so does Sherlock’s breathing, inhales becoming sharper the more the risk of being caught increases. Interesting. John alternates between quick strokes and purposefully gentle pulls of Sherlock’s cock, watching the reactions wane and bloom in the cosmos of his eyes.
“This is more like it” John grins, immediately heading for the worn looking emerald leather couch, sighing as it moulds to his body.
Any way he tries to justify his aching body and greedy hands doesn't make it feel better; every point at which Sherlock touches him (chest to elbow to bicep and shoulder) is painful and delicious and puts more cracks in John's already fractured nature, leylines of trauma that he's sure will be visible afterwards, will mark him out to Mary and Greg and every person in the street as a bad man, a fraud.
Grunting against John’s weight, he picks him up under the arms, carrying him onto the bed and resting his head carefully onto the plush pillows. All there is to do now is wait. Lestrade knows where they are, he and Mycroft are hiding out somewhere not far away, waiting for the go ahead in case they need to raid the club. Eventually they’ll clock on and come to their aid, it’s just a matter of time.
In the end, he doesn’t even get chance to open his own car door before there’s static on the ground, and the horizon of a private jet tips back into his line of sight. Everything feels full to the edges, and John’s buzzing with it, his body singing with relief.
Sherlock doesn’t answer. Instead, John feels soft lips at his ear, kissing the small raised bone there before sucking lightly on his ear lobe. Immediately John’s knees go a little weak, and he’s thankful for the strong arm braced across his torso, giving him stability.
Thankfully, they seem to read his mind. John shouldn’t be surprised at that, he realises. Sherlock’s father disappears for a few moments and comes back clutching a red fleece lined parka. It looks miles too big for him, but John takes it anyway, smiling his thanks as Mrs Holmes bends down to Rosie.
John passes a tongue over his lip and lets his eyes focus into the mountain snow blue that’s right there in front of him, waits ‘til it’s clear and sharp and so consuming that he couldn’t possibly believe that anything else exists.
When he catches up to him around the next corner, Sherlock is rattling a door handle, irritation itching at the shadows of his face. The adjacent room is open, so John peers in. A large four poster bed sits in the middle of what appears to be a fairly sizable bedroom, the rest of the furnishings swallowed by the darkness.
John curses in between kisses, doing his best to keep every part of his torso off Sherlock’s chest, appearing as if doing so is the most difficult task he’s ever faced. And Sherlock knows the feeling, wants John’s lips on every part of him, scars included. The fresh desecration below his ribs does not agree though, protesting with every small movement. John finally finishes work on his shirt buttons, gently parting the cotton with the softest of touches.
Of course, Sherlock can see it. Scribed across his face in helpful subtitles. Both hands slip from the hair at the back of John’s head to cup his cheek and jaw, beckoning him away from the path his lips have been making. John allows himself to be pulled away, hovers there, looking down at Sherlock with only centimetres between them, their eyes level and so close they’re almost blurry. When they focus, he finds some of his own anxiety reflected in the lines on Sherlock’s forehead. Concern and understanding and nerves too, all painted there on the canvas of a face he knows so well. As Sherlock kisses him softly John attempts to still his heart, takes a long steadying breath when their foreheads meet and press together.
The only true constants are Friday evenings, when Sherlock returns from Sherringford and finds his flat isn’t empty. It never is, on those nights. John and Rosie are there, playing on the carpet or fast asleep in his armchair. They still don’t really speak, but there’s an understanding, a trying that promises a glimmer of hope. John pours them both a whisky and they just sit opposite each other, together in their solitary miseries, the tiny anchor of Rosie between them.
He’s pulled out of his own thoughts by Sherlock’s irritated face, painted in blue glow from the television. John finds he can’t offer anything but a blank expression. He hasn’t heard a word, mind too tied up in the solid press of bone under his fingers.
“Sherlock,” John’s breathing is slow and steady, punctuating Sherlock’s name. “I just hit my head pretty hard, so if I’m misunderstanding –“
There are wrinkles ghosting above John’s eyebrows, folds of skin and unsaid words, a failed attempt to detach himself. Maybe a few months ago Sherlock would have found that hard to accept - to understand is easy, he is built to understand (John cares for you and when people care for other people it’s like they don’t have control anymore, everything is taken and flipped and your stomach flips when things go wrong, get hurt)  but right now, after all these seconds with John, each syllable that Sherlock has saved, he accepts the wrinkles on John’s brow,
John clears his throat at the movement, so Sherlock does it again, and again, smirking at his own reflection on the surface of the water as a small moan escapes the man’s lips.
No sound comes from Sherlock’s throat, from his sadness, yet John can still hear it. Dripping softly from the body in his arms, the long fingers resting lightly against his shirt and then slowly clenching, taking fistfuls of brushed cotton. John strokes his thumb across Sherlock’s hairline, lip caught between his teeth so hard it almost breaks skin.
Sherlock wants to kiss him. Use his lips to undo the knots of repression that have so quickly constricted around John again.
His whole body constricts and convulses at that singular notion, and suddenly he’s in so much pain, complete torture, he can’t deal with it, cannot handle it; the thoughts in his head threaten holes in his skull (and John is not here to fucking mend them) tiny fractures where everything he knows is being taken away from him; except this time there’s no fall and no plan and no wrenching guilt, just John’s soul,
Something on Sherlock’s face obviously tells John not to push any further, and he busies himself in the kitchen making tea. Tiny needles poke at Sherlock’s skin, the flesh around his healing wound itchy and slightly on fire. There are far superior chemical solutions hidden under the floorboards in his bedroom, ready and waiting to steal away every ounce of ache, both in his body and his head. The problem is Sherlock can’t forgive himself anymore. Finds his own comfort is no longer a reasonable excuse to deceive John, no matter how nauseating being around him currently is.
“You need to keep still, Sherlock” John instructs him, carefully placing one firm hand on Sherlock’s hip.
Then Sherlock’s hands are on him, dancing over his torso almost unsure in their path, as if he’s not certain what comes next. And he probably isn’t, John realises. Neither of them are, but John at least knows what he wants, to touch Sherlock in ways no one else has, give him things he can’t even begin to explain. John pushes into Sherlock’s searching palms, takes his mouth again and almost loses himself there for a moment. So often he’s been enamoured by the words spilling from those lips, so many times he’s stood captivated, entranced by the sound of genius. And now John gets what no one else has been given, is being allowed to take the breath from Sherlock’s mouth and keep it for himself, feed his lungs and his heart with all the beautiful things other people merely get to observe. His, alone.
Sherlock is making it so simple: with his thigh slipped between John’s own, loose tongue dripping hushed curses and hopeless breaths, fingers now methodical and precise and working open John’s clothing one by one, both bare chests and shivering into each other. The wrinkled taught skin that’s healed not quite so neatly over Sherlock’s bullet hole is alien and ugly, but John puts his thumb to it anyway, cannot link the damage to the once gentle hands of his wife. Instead he measures the precious millimetres to vital organs, counts the major arteries and all the vessels that could have erupted and spilt the blood now running hot and needy in Sherlock’s body, pretends his touch is healing and repairing the vandalism that John somehow feels responsible for.
John worries his lip and does a final sweep of the flat. He’s no genius and Sherlock knows it. John won’t find any obvious clues to his whereabouts unless he’s meant to.
“The more distance between us and my brother, the better” Sherlock comments, placing the wine bottle next to the burner and kneeling down to open the grate.
John leans down so his daughter can plant the smallest of kisses on Sherlock’s cheek. Maybe she does possess actual magic, the spark from her lips flooding him with a comforting warmth. He closes his eyes briefly and allows the softness of genuine love do what even morphine cannot, stilling his aching mind and splintering heart.
The two men share a knowing look that only irritates Sherlock further. As ever, the worst thing about being stabbed or shot or maimed in some serious way, is sitting in a hospital bed having other people act as if he’s received brain surgery, not stitches. Sherlock huffs as much as his lungs allow, and itches for the pain relief to kick in.
Until he saw Sherlock there. Silhouetted against the full moon of the well mouth, waiting for him to climb back out again.
In the kitchen, the dishes have been done and the surfaces around Sherlock’s microscope wiped clean. They must have had takeaway without him, there are only two plates and a plastic cup drying on the rack. At the thought of food Sherlock’s stomach growls, and he realises it’s been several hours since he last ingested anything but nicotine.
But he cannot lie to John, he cannot hold back this truth, despite the many he has hidden from him all this time. Once again, he must tear John Watson’s life apart, bit by dreadful bit, in order to save everyone he loves. Knowing it’s a hallucination doesn’t make it any less real, and Sherlock reaches out, strains the tubes stuck in his arm, in the hope that his weak fingers may find something solid. A hand, with a pulse and blood and life running through it. Mary’s face, alive, so that he may repair the man she left behind.
because his doctor is flitting in and out of consciousness; his doctor is someplace far, far away whispering things to Sherlock that Sherlock can’t hear, can’t understand right now, he cannot reach, cannot pull him back - and he is worth nothing, Sherlock’s mind is worth
Sherlock has him trapped. One thigh between John’s legs, leather gloved fingers pinning his left wrist almost painfully, the other hand pulling in his hair – and John fucking loves it. Cannot believe he has lived this long without it. The taste of cinnamon and cigarette smoke paints his gums and even
John’s grip slips from Sherlock as he finishes behind him, lips pressed to his shoulder. That hand moves instead to squeeze the edge of the bathtub, the sound of his fingers slipping against the porcelain loud in the small bathroom. Sherlock feels him peak and wane through the pleasure, drinking in the breathy moans coming from John’s mouth.
Sherlock feels his lips trembling, some indistinguishable response lost in his struggling lungs. He holds John’s fixed eyes for as long as he can, simultaneously pushing into his hand and pulling away from the wall, seeking every bit of touch he can get.
John looks, combs the fringe off his own face and then reaches the same hand to Sherlock’s cock. Pulls him forwards gently out of the stream of water and watches Sherlock’s eyes flutter closed. Sees the breath hitch in his throat and release again through parted lips, as the day swirls away down the drain.
“You don’t” John says, not really a question because his fingertips are already tracing down Sherlock’s throat to his chest.
John lets Sherlock guide them out of the bustle of pines, somehow finding their original path with ease. They head back, the stars bright in the clear sky above them. It’s almost sickeningly romantic, the definition of Christmas. Oh –
The fire in his veins intensifies as John closes his eyes briefly and turns away. Sherlock exhales as his body fragments further, shards of it scratching at his corneas and shaking his hands. Perhaps he has underestimated everything he thought he knew about John, that he is wanted by a man who could reasonably have anyone he desires. Too much history there, lingering blame and sugar-coated distaste. Darkness can hide many things, maybe he was only good enough in the light of no other choice.
Sherlock’s head slides away eventually and comes to rest on the wall above John’s shoulder, hands curling around his back. They stay like that for a while, John puffing air across the horizon of Sherlock’s collarbone, fingertips dancing across the raised skin patterning the back of his ribs.
“Tell me when you’re close” John’s voice is slightly strangled in his throat as he drifts hands along Sherlock’s thighs.
And what can he say, really. Such a life changing thing they’re doing, even if it’s really not that different to everything they already are. It’s a jump they can’t undo though, the fall too difficult to recover from if they were ever to reach the pavement below.
Well, at least they don’t have to spend the entire evening making conversation or playing boardgames with Mycroft. Could be worse. Scrabble is bad enough with Sherlock, who threatened to melt the tiny plastic tiles one by one the last time they played. John quickly thumbs out a text to Molly, his apology sincere yet predictable.
John moves back in on a Saturday. Sherlock just sits in his chair and watches it happen, unable to move for fear of scaring him off again.
Something wet warms John’s cheek and he brushes it away, blinks it back as Sherlock continues to search in the darkness for more thoughts, moving pictures that neither of them will ever truly know are real or not.
Small fists open and close in front of his face, asking to be lifted into Sherlock’s embrace. The hospital bed is too high for her short frame, and the pain crackling through Sherlock’s side prevents him from bending any further. John rises from his chair and circles to her side of the bed, picks her up in his arms so she can at least be level with her favourite person.
Quietness falls over them, sharing the amber liquid until it’s half gone. Not an entirely uncomfortable stretch of silence, but a contemplative one. The offer is there and Sherlock will take it if he wants to, John’s made it clear there’s no expiry date and he’s not about to prod the man unless he asks to be. They watch the early evening turn to nightfall outside, the landscape slowly disappearing into the inky black of darkness. Eventually they filter out the past and discuss the case instead, going over the days revelations.
Sherlock’s ragged breathing fills the air around them, John aware of the man reaching into his own trousers and pulling at his own cock, thumb still inside. It takes mere seconds for Sherlock to finish behind him, burying his forehead between John’s shoulder blades almost painfully. For a minute or so they stay like that, sharing the fading moments of ecstasy in the winter wonderland around them.
John claims the space between them and once again feels his entire body hum with a current of energy that lights his skin on fire. No caramel or stray crumbs this time, just Sherlock and his honest mouth moving against John’s own, sure and unwavering. The absurdity of being atop a hill in the almost-Christmas snow, pushing his tongue past Sherlock’s teeth is laughable, but he doesn’t care. For once John forgets what he should do and instead takes what he wants, what he knows has been his for a while, now.
He does not stir as the man beneath his arm blinks into consciousness, as his doctor blurs back into the present; as
“You can touch yourself now” John says into his shoulder, biting down lightly at the patch of exposed skin where Sherlock’s shirt has been tugged off.
Never has Sherlock been so happy to be proven wrong, as John climbs back onto the bed beside him, offering out his hand. Wordlessly he takes the pills, swallowing them with the glass of water handed to him. As the chemicals break down in his blood, Sherlock watches John take off his own shirt and trousers, dropping them both carelessly over the edge of the bed without a second thought.
They look at each other again and Sherlock seems wild. Flushed and pink with want and grief, both things existing in almost equal force. John flits his eyes from the rose of his cheeks to the mouth he wants to taste again and again, but has to ask – has to make sure, despite the demon in his head telling him not to.
The four of them stay for a while longer, Sherlock mostly just listening to the idle chat as Rosie fusses with the edges of his bedsheet. An hour passes by somehow and Sherlock only realises his eyes are closing when John suddenly rises, ushering the other three out of the door with a whisper.
Well, not here exactly. But south of sober, stumbling around Baker Street trying to both keep each other awake and also secretly fall asleep. John can’t find the post-it notes so that one’s out of the window, the memory of the last time they played is almost too traumatic, anyway. Cluedo is a definite no. In fact, he’s not even certain that particular game survived the explosive remodel of the flat last year. Hopefully not.
He’s so close, and Sherlock knows it, brings his other hand to grip John’s hip tightly and slow his movements. John whimpers breathlessly, the edges of it breaking over his lips before he has a chance to quell it. The dangerous look that shadows over Sherlock’s face nearly snaps him in two but he holds out, breathing short bursts through his nose as that hand slows down a bit and the pull on his cock becomes more purposeful, measured.
Sharing his bed every night is less of an inconvenience than he first thought. It’s surprising. More often nowadays Sherlock finds himself doing things that are just not very
“I want every part of you” Sherlock says into the shell of his ear, teasing the head of John’s cock with the flat of his thumb. “John –”
The noise from John’s mouth is too ugly to be considered laughter, the self-loathing plain as he draws air into his lungs.
“Would you like to come inside and bake some Christmas cookies with me?” She asks, taking his daughter’s small hand into her own.
The thought of leaving Rosie to wake up again without her dad isn’t a great one. She loves Molly, sure, but John’s trying his best to be a Good Person
“Shame Rosie isn’t here” John says, hoping to change the line of conversation in his own head. “She could scare him off”
“Doctor Watson,” Mycroft interjects, just before John steps away. “If your plan is to hurt my brother, I urge you to reconsider your journey”
The linoleum is cold on John’s toes as he flicks the kettle on and puts two teabags into mugs. In the living room Sherlock sits completely still in his seat, feet planted on the floor and forearms flat against the rests. His eyes are closed, so John takes the opportunity to look. Does not guard his concern as he observes a man slowly falling apart, holding on by a single breath.
All too suddenly it’s done, and John catches the last of Sherlock’s delicious noises in his mouth, drinking them greedily from his lips. He tries to keep the moment for as long as he can, angling his forehead against Sherlock’s until his pulse settles again.
Holds on, even though his insides are shaking. Even though his bottom lip is too, as he tests it gently to Sherlock’s. Does what he couldn’t do last time, but wanted to. Slides their noses together and parts his mouth, steals air from the pliant man beneath him. Sherlock – who is still and open, somehow allowing John to do this, break through to something else, on the edge of more. And he keeps going, the barest of touches, trying not to be consumed by the gravity pulling him down, almost over the line but not quite – until he feels his knees give way.
John’s eyes glance towards the sofa and his knees threaten to buckle with the memory of it. How the hell had that happened, so easily and plainly? No great admissions had been made, no grand gestures forced by the threat of death, or adrenaline pumping argument where fists turn to desperate hands – just television. Just sweetened crumbs on the edge of Sherlock’s mouth, and his soft genuine smile in the low light.
Sherlock’s next circulation of oxygen sounds weak and excruciating, almost a whimper trembling from his lips. John swears under his breath, fights the deep ache in his gut that threatens to spill from his eyes.
There are a few seconds of quiet as John stills his breathing, pressing his forehead to the nape of Sherlock’s neck. The pressure in his trousers is actually getting painful now, and Sherlock’s knuckles are going white from his tight grip on the rim of the bathtub. Yet he still doesn’t move. He allows John to reign himself back in, step back from the edge as his cock throbs insistently against Sherlock’s back.
“I’d better get an Oscar for this,” John smiles, attempting to catch Sherlock’s eye. “Or at least a BAFTA”
“Sounds… like a plan” He manages, trying to concentrate on counting the grey hairs of John’s crown, instead of the palm now flattening at the curve of his side.
John shakes off the memory of slippery bones and follows Sherlock’s footsteps through a door to the right of the staircase. Almost immediately there are steps leading down to a cellar, narrow and worn, probably an original feature made for the slim feet of their ancestors.
Sherlock’s shaking against him, his whole body pushed so close to his own that John fears if he listened hard enough he could hear his own name threading through Sherlock’s tendons, could note the sound of heat and desire it makes as it courses through his blood.
John wets his bottom lip and finds his own breathing struggling now, the oxygen getting trapped somewhere in his sternum as he fights the dwindling atmosphere and his own wavering resolve. Sherlock’s thumb has stopped its idle path across the back of his hand, fingers barely there as he huffs what could be a laugh, if it wasn’t painted with sadness.
“That’s something, then” Sherlock says quietly, wishing he could adjust the bag of morphine hanging just out of reach.
John thinks, but before he can voice the words he’s already answering himself; flattening his palms against Sherlock’s chest and mouthing the cotton of his shirt collar, it catches on his fleshy lips and he wonders if he’s strong enough to teeth open the buttons just there; break right through Sherlock’s rib cage to the heart of it all.
“We’d better move, that was slightly longer than nine minutes” Sherlock comments, slipping his gloves back on and taking John’s hand.
A part of John still tries to keep him stuck there, rooted to the spot. He shouldn’t be here, not really. Everything up until this point has been shoving him in another direction, trying to cast them out far across that endless water away from each other, rope be damned.
Goosebumps prickle John’s skin, the steam warm yet not enough to quell the chill that shakes through him, the stark reality that is now theirs. The low light picks up the hairs on John’s arms and the sight of Sherlock’s naked body, trembling slightly where his forehead meets John’s shoulder. Whatever regret John should feel – that the world and his own self sabotaging mind has told him he should feel – does not come. He’s still hard and full of all the things he was moments ago, wants it even more now the spell of trauma is dissipating.
The heat from the fire is overwhelming as he stands in front of her, and John wishes he were anywhere else but here. Mary smiles, a hand on her pregnant belly. John takes a breath and begins.
“Just – “ John cuts Mycroft off as he opens his mouth, before the conversation turns murderous. “Tell me where he is, please”
Relief floods John’s face and swiftly turns to mild annoyance, despite the smile upturning his mouth. He shakes his head and wets his bottom lip, breathing sharply through his nose as he shoots Sherlock murderous eyes.
Sherlock’s warm breath in his ear is more of a turn on than it should be, a stark contrast to the cold air. Soon John’s trousers and boxers are being pushed down over his hips, pooling at his ankles as he’s laid bare. Exposed and naked, in the middle of a forest of dying trees.
Just as he’s realising he may indeed be that unlucky victim, twigs snap behind him. John spins around, but only inky black and imposing firs greet him. He swallows and reminds himself that the security cabin isn’t far away and he has his phone, there’s no real way he’s going to get knocked off by a serial killer who stalks Christmas tree farms. Somehow those thoughts aren’t that comforting. They’ve been to weirder cases, after all.
John shakes, feels the tremor scare the steadiness of his arm next to Sherlock’s shoulder. He remains upright somehow, forces the breaths through his chest as Sherlock begins to take his shirt off, every ghost of his fingertips brushing against the skin there making him tremble. Those dangerous eyes never leave John’s own, and all he can do is let it happen, find an anchor in Sherlock’s pupils as the man parts the shirt from his chest.
“Should probably get some sleep” John drops his gaze, arms tightening around his own chest as regret tugs at his gut.
“Jesus fucking Christ,” John responds, immediately reaching for the button on his jeans and shoving his hand into his boxers.
Another sinew of reality snaps, and Sherlock hears a noise come from the back of his throat as if it isn’t his own. Whatever overgrown tangle of denial and excuses that used to be between them has been slowly clipped away. Through the suffering and depletion, the time spent apart, the pull has become undeniable. They are both older, both worn and empty, and the energy required to keep the play going has been drained. Sherlock just wants to give in.
Sherlock cannot reply, for fear of opening his mouth and having only his full heart flood out. Instead, he rolls his lips together and looks down, offering the space between his shoulder and chin. John fits easily there, turning onto his side and shifting as close to Sherlock as he can. The pills will take effect soon, so Sherlock ventures his arm to John’s thigh, brushes his knuckles there in search of any contact at all.
Mercifully, the conversation doesn’t require a conclusion. The ancient looking lightbulb above them suddenly starts to flicker, stuttering inside its patterned glass lampshade, before going out completely. The small spotlights illuminating the path outside also cease, and everything plunges into darkness. They’re saved by the warm glow of the fire, picking out the furniture and bookcases in orange as they both get up to check the light switch.
With that, John grabs both of his arms and Sherlock allows his torso to be turned, now facing the room with his back against the black leather booth. John swears again and swiftly changes position, swinging one of his legs over Sherlock’s knees, so he’s straddling him in the seat. The movement is so quick that he almost falls right off again, so Sherlock grabs a fistful of his absurd t-shirt, his other hand gripping the space below John’s armpit, as he attempts to steady himself using Sherlock’s shoulder.
“I don’t see why not” The older man continues, straightening out his paper with one sure flick of his wrist.
“Let’s get you into bed, yeah?” John asks, and any response from Sherlock is lost in the slow press of lips against his own.
The blank stare he gives in response clearly isn’t satisfactory. John runs a hand through his hair, obviously self-conscious. He needn’t be. Although a little try-hard, his appearance is perfect for their undercover work tonight, the sweep of John’s fringe away from his face gives him an air of confidence that distracts from his apparent nerves. The greys that have grown there in Sherlock’s absence suit him, framing his face in a way that makes Sherlock’s words stick in his throat.
They’ve never gone further than having their hands and mouths on each other, the fragile newness of this element of their relationship still a little breakable. But John can’t help the neediness that seems to be radiating from the small of his back all the way to his very core, a certain kind of aching that he’s not really felt before. The breaths against his ear are becoming faster and more forced, increasing with every movement of John’s hips.
When Sherlock had first broached the subject of Christmas dinner, John had almost choked on his tea when the man said he wanted to cook. Never in their many, many years together, had Sherlock ever made so much as a slice of toast. John had wanted to protest – Rosie was coming back from art college, and he wanted everything to be perfect. Sherlock had accused him of genuine hysteria when he had come back from the village market with two wreaths and several mini fir trees. ‘Decking the halls’ wasn’t something John normally indulged in, but this year felt different. It needed to be special. It needed to not end in a small house fire. The lack of trust he had in Sherlock’s culinary skills was warranted, but those big doe eyes were more persuasive than he liked to admit, lips ghosting his own even more so. John had agreed eventually, secretly alerting their closest neighbour Mrs Tompkins, that they may be in need of some emergency turkey on the big day.
John doesn’t look back, takes a deep inhale before he opens the door, the warm air startling. He takes the stairs two at a time to the bathroom, where he cleans the evidence from his shirt and throws cold water on his face.
“He’s leaving,” Sherlock breathes, swallowing the heart threatening to burst from his chest. “We need to follow him”
The man obviously answers his own question and immediately turns on his heels, sprinting down the corridor as Sherlock and John follow suit. It’s surprisingly difficult to run in such stupidly tight trousers but they eventually catch up to him, John overtaking at the last minute to throw himself at the suspect. They both tumble to the floor but John hits it first, knocking his head against the wall with a sickeningly loud thump. Sherlock grabs the assailant from behind, hooking his arms around the man’s torso in an attempt to drag him off John’s unconscious body.
Perhaps it’s the added platitude, but the other man seems to soften somewhat, as much as is physically possible. He glances down at his watch.
when it’s so right, and John’s eyes get caught by the startling clarity of Sherlock’s as he comes, hot and whimpering, thighs trembling and head consumed with Sherlock’s own cavernous moan as he follows suit, shivering.
Entire seconds of nothing go by. John knows it’s not the cold shaking his veins as he tightens and relaxes his fist. Then the distance in the middle of them lessens, Sherlock steps towards him and pushes the inane hood from his face.
Sherlock can’t help the guttural noise that comes from his mouth, completely undone by John’s honest confessions. He tugs at his wrists again, letting out sharp rough breaths as the hard edges of the cuffs dig pleasurably into his skin. The line between pain and satisfaction becomes blurry, the sight of John pleasing himself only intensifying the uncomfortable throb of his own cock.
“Immensely” Sherlock replies, the smirk in his voice audible. “I have a line of defence against Stanley now”
John needs no further permission, his pupils going dark as he lets go of Sherlock’s hand and slips it to his shoulders instead, carefully easing him backwards onto the mattress. For once Sherlock is thankful of John’s experience, allows himself to be moved as one thigh straddles his hip and the other presses between his own. The shiver that courses down his spine is almost unsettling in its ferocity, Sherlock cannot silence the quivering breath that parts his lips.
Sherlock stills suddenly under the kiss, and every ounce of relief John had felt seconds before suddenly turns to a sickness in his stomach, a sharp stab of pain that he has perhaps made the wrong choice. A devastating choice, that cannot be taken back. One he knew could well end like this, with remorse at his own vulnerability.
He picks up Sherlock’s gloves from the snow and hands them back to him. For a whisper of a second he thinks about kissing him again, running his tongue along that cupids bow one last time. Better not, though.
Mycroft glances out of the passenger window, and John closes his eyes as he realises where Sherlock has hidden himself. A cottage shielded by rolling hills and towering trees, far away from their reality. The man hasn’t gone there for the scenery, either. It’s a purposeful location, one Sherlock knows John does not wish to visit again so soon. There’s a ghost there still, sat in front of the fire waiting for John to determine the story that comes next, the fork in the road that eventually leads to his dead wife.
“You do realise they will likely try to persuade you to stay for Christmas” He says, tone wary and apologetic.
it still doesn’t sound right, as if his body is shutting down slowly from the inside out so silently that no one else notices.
With that, the fingers at the small of his back press Sherlock in the direction of a free booth to their right, thankfully well placed enough that they can view most of the other tables without having to look too suspicious. Similarly, the men seated around them can also stare in return, something John is seemingly aware of, as he sits as close to Sherlock as possible.
Sherlock asks over the rim of his own glass, knocks it back in one and winces with the force of it. John accepts the challenge and downs his own, too tired and worn from the constant friction of revelations to much feel the burn of it. The question doesn’t come as a surprise, as such, but John had wanted to be the one asking, not giving out answers he doesn’t have.
There are only two boxes and a suitcase of children’s clothes to begin with. John brings his stuff over in dribs and drabs, the essentials first and then the few trivial things he decides are worthy of keeping. One box is marked private, so Sherlock stays away from it because he knows the contents would only hurt. He circles it in the flat as if it is a bomb, ready to go off at any moment.
During the summer, cases wear thin. Either people just aren’t getting murdered or kidnapped or Greg is just forgetting to tell them. John comments that perhaps it’s on purpose, as he fastens Rosie into her pushchair and makes for the door. Sherlock refuses to believe Lestrade is clever enough to orchestrate a cover up on that scale, but he concedes that things are too quiet. Those weeks of stagnation are the worst, finding excuses to see each other without work to do becomes more difficult, but neither give up.
The darkness makes it difficult, so John uses his nose to map Sherlock’s cheek, shivers a breath across it before he finds his mouth. The flesh there is dry and pliant, yielding as John wets Sherlock’s lips with his own. He’s crying, he realises, hot salt moistening their kiss while fingers slip into the short of his hair. Sherlock opens his mouth further and John takes what he can, tastes the last seven years in the push of Sherlock’s tongue and the breath dying on his lips.
Eventually John drifts back off, Sherlock’s heartbeat low and steady against his cheek. He dreams of nothing, and feels peace.
Sherlock keep the pads of his fingers in the dip of his chin and puts his cheek to John’s own; the friction of their meeting skin makes John think of fire and the short minutes of midnight. The soft of Sherlock’s lips grazing his ear sends such a run of unexpected electric heat through him that air forces from his throat, and it could be a sob if he let it.
When he breaks over it, Sherlock moans with him, echoes every breath panting from John’s lips. His palms are still resting either side of Sherlock’s wet face, thumbs tracing the cut of his cheekbones. John kisses him, the tip of his nose and the space above his cupid’s bow, soft eyelashes that have fluttered closed with exertion.
“Oh my god” Sherlock breathes, watching as their final present emerges from the back seat, leaping onto the gravel below.
It’s miles more appealing than the room full of strangers they’ve just come from, at least. Sherlock can’t argue with that. The bed they’re sat on is temptingly soft, the room itself pleasantly warm and inviting relaxation, despite the suggestive décor and furnishings. For a short time they sit in silence, Sherlock unsure of what to do or say given the events of the last hour.
This close John notices the red, the rawness under Sherlock’s eyes and remembers how little rest they’ve had. That they haven’t slept properly for days, not eaten for forty-eight hours and haven’t had much better than some dish water tea for nearly a day.
John’s about to lose his actual mind. Not only is he finding out after all this time that their taxi bills could have been cut in half, but now ‘shepherd’ has been added to the list of potential careers the man could have had. Pirate was bad enough.
John finishes with nails digging into Sherlock’s hips, holding him as close as possible. In another universe it might be beautiful and momentous, but here it’s just a brief minute of ecstasy. Immediately John is far too cold and it’s all too real, and he doesn’t know what to do, now. Sherlock produces a handkerchief and wipes the mess off his trousers, folding it neatly back in on itself and shoving it into his pocket. They’re still cocooned in Sherlock’s coat.
Sherlock deserves that too. More than ever. To know he is still there – that John is still there, even if he has been far away for a long time.
Sherlock has to bite his own lip, eyelids dropping closed of their own accord as the hand at his chest slips one of his shirt buttons open. He breathes though his nose as John untwines their fingers and frames his face instead, beckoning his gaze upwards. Sherlock meets those honest eyes and tries to reflect the longing he finds there, to show consent with the parting of his lips because words will not come.
Sherlock flicks his eyes to John, lingering at the velvet curtained exit. Freedom is nice, but he almost doesn’t want to leave, can still feel the silk sheets and warm lips on his skin. The cuffs of his shirt conceal the pink wrists underneath, and the want in his body is now just a shadow, waiting for the light of John’s bright desire again. Sherlock can see it, sparkling at the edges of the man’s mouth as he waits for him.
“I remember the good bits” Sherlock interrupts quickly, drugged brain unable to filter the okay things he’s allowed to say, from the not so good things he should keep to himself.
He’s still hard in his trousers, Sherlock can feel him against his bare leg. Again he shifts as if to move towards him but John shakes his head against Sherlock’s neck, breathing rhythmically in some effort to will away what he possibly can’t. Even if he could position himself correctly, or John shifted upwards, Sherlock knows in the back of his head that he doesn’t have the stamina required to make it last long enough. The shake in his arm now is too much, any effect the last trickles of morphine were having have long faded, and his left hand is concentrating on digging nails into his own palm, focusing the sharpness into a manageable location.
The sudden emptiness is palpable. The heaviness of Sherlock’s body on his own had been an anchor, and now John’s being carried off by the current, dragged away from Sherlock against his will. Darkness begins to filter out the furniture and features of the living room until John can barely see. He scrubs hands over his face trying to find oxygen, but it doesn’t come in the claustrophobic nothingness, so he grabs his jacket and heads for the stairs while he can still manage them.
John holds both hands up, retreating from Sherlock as they enter the living room. It’s all as it should be, the mess of the experiment he left still on the kitchen counter, despite everything around it being meticulously clean. The only item out of place is a grey throw, draped carelessly over his chair. Sherlock regards it as his fingers tighten against the black leather, seeking the support he brushed off from John moments ago. Waves of pain still trickle through him persistently, the pitiful amount of drugs they have him on are not nearly enough to achieve a satisfying high. The monochrome weave of cotton stares at him, an accidental clue to John’s recent sleeping habits.
, for perhaps the first time, John Watson would fall back in a retreat. ‘We have got a while to work out the specifics. I’m not exactly in a rush.’
‘Yes.’ Sherlock returned John’s gaze for a moment, hoping John understood – he could not, now he had been presented with the single unifying piece to make sense of the puzzle, ignore it, any more than John could ignore Mrs. Hudson’s (admittedly slightly worrying) cough. The sooner he traced the stone back to through the last eventful few days, the sooner he would understand, and the sooner he could get
‘Yeah well.’ John shifted to stand up straighter, withdrawing into himself. ‘Suppose London should just be rejoicing that you made it back in such good time. Well done there.’ After a second he moved around Sherlock, hand mere centimetres away as he angled past, back to the kitchen where he stood with his back to him, but assuredly frowning down at the table. Deciding.
), including first-person accounts of the acquiring of unconsenting girls for sex work, and led not only to much rehashing when, in the summer and autumn of 1888, Jack the Ripper started preying on similarly working-class women and highlighting the sexual nature of their class position as attractive for sexualized violence; but
Ryder’s snuffled breath because more audible as he lifted his head, jacket rustling against Sherlock’s leather chair. ‘Wha–’
John couldn’t stand it any longer. ‘Sherlock, even if Hugh Boone did kill Mrs St Clair’s husband, I’m pretty sure he didn’t do it by
Most of this was written in the aftermath of Series 3, with its swings of terror, profound yearning, and almost indecent enjoyment. In other words: everyone's a
‘It’s fine,’ he assured him, just as quietly. Far more important than the drink was the man, not unlike the black origami lotuses they had stumbled across those years ago. Small, tight-packed, dense with meaning, superficially ornamental but, when unfolded and seen in its full ontological spread, comprised of one continuous, beautifully simple texture:
‘There is very little you need to explain in order for me to piece it together,’ Sherlock went on, uncomfortably attempting to fill the hush of the room apart from Ryder’s shaky, slightly hyperventilated breathing. (Perhaps he rather than Mrs. Hudson was in the early stages of
He came back into the room, arms uncrossed this time. So much was wrapped up in that unfinished question.
And oh Sherlock’s mouth was lush, closed in a pout as though they hadn’t seen each other in weeks, like they had to start from scratch, which
Sherlock felt a blush bloom across his cheeks and was aware of the blinking thing that happened when he was genuinely started.
Again, Baker’s agile face transformed, this time lifting into a boyish smile. ‘My wife, is – ’ But he stopped, and looked more carefully at Sherlock. Ah – so he was just putting
John nodded, taking this in, nodded and nodded and convulsed his fists around nothing and Sherlock couldn’t tell what his anger pertained to, whether he was glad not to be involved with her now or if it was regret over having touched her (loved her? Had he?) at all, if he felt the blood smear onto his hands from hers —
– out through his nostrils; he breathed this Sherlock, the real one, who was here, in his suit, home and whole and quiet, into his lungs, into every corpuscle, down to his toes.
to deliver such an important message in the daylight? in a hospital bed? in the middle of someone else’s sentence? Or was Sherlock so emotionally stilted that John had convinced himself that such a declaration was not to be hoped for?
‘Those were hypothetical goals!’ Sherlock argued, jaw tensing against John’s shoulder, fingers tight on John’s ribs. ‘I’m not interested in hypothetical eventualities based on cultural norms and assumptions you’ve accrued from being just around – people!’ He spat the word with such venomous disgust, John couldn’t help but pull his head back and sit up to look at Sherlock, who lifted his chin just enough that his eyes – grey opal whirlpools in the dim – could meet John’s.
– he swept his mind clear of the thought once more.) On top of this, it was getting colder out now that night had indeed set in. Sherlock retreated tightly into his coat.
John smiled. ‘In which case, maybe you’ll also listen to me when I say you’ve got to stop leaking things to reporters about how you’re at death’s door.’
to say the one thing he was fairly certain he could never articulate to the single person to whom he should honestly confess it. This is how he lived – he toyed with academic anomalies and traced suspects all over London and sat in his flat all day longing viscerally to touch a man who had been sitting, for the majority of their waking hours, less than two feet away.
‘Who’s a lovely boy, then?’ John had said, feigning the absurd affectionate infantilising voice people used for dogs.
They chatted for the rest of the meal, in hushed voices with carefully wielded cutlery, about the most recent information they found — Molly had made up a helpful mnemonic for keeping etchings and engravings straight —, about the change in weather as autumn arrived in earnest, about spicy food and how Sherlock had appreciated her bringing it when he’d been in hospital, and about what, exactly, the hell they planned to do tomorrow.
The huff of recognition at his side meant John had also recognized the name but not immediately placed it — they did regularly update the list of the world’s most concerning criminals (ranked by a formula of Sherlock’s invention, not based solely on already-committed crimes like the idiots at INTERPOL), and Gruener had been on the list for as long as John had been helping with record-keeping. As it was, their independent register was sufficient to locate the germane details in the archive room (the study, naturally) of his Mind Palace.
Ears ringing with Sherlock’s indignation, John replied, ‘It’s John Horner we should be apologising to. Well, not
’) — and wasn’t sure how Sherlock would react. But thankfully, whether it was a feint or the afterglow of their rather eventful morning, Sherlock’s eyes flashed with mirth. ‘“There was a young soldier from Brighton…”’
‘Then you know that, by curious coincidence, he was left for dead on the Montmartre steps, crippled for life. This tragedy, only a week after his
do that: this is not show-and-tell.’ More likely that — he told himself, ignoring the phantom ache around his neck — than that he’d found some way to get into trouble without leaving the flat.
‘I’ll call and cancel then, shall I?’ John quipped — from much closer than Sherlock had anticipated. (His stealth skills were frequently impressive.)
John spent the better part of the next hour bracing himself for Molly’s phone call to tell them that, in fact, she was begging off, that she couldn’t do it, couldn’t bear it, that she’d see them around. An hour later almost on the dot, then, John was more than a little impressed to hear and then see Molly reclimbing the stairs, this time carrying a bulkier, dizzyingly-patterned overnight bag in one hand and a laptop bag in the other.
. All the distant impassivity of the previous night had reasserted itself in Sherlock’s expression, through his muscles, turning him to stone.
Well that was. Odd. Did people actually delete their email accounts without forwarding them? Or did this mean she had blocked
, a blindspot as convenient for burglars as for residents smuggling their own illicit goods and chattels in and out – plausible deniability, nothing on camera, no records,
‘I believe you visited the apartments of the Countess of Morcar this morning?’ Mycroft pronounced, after a moment. He knew damn well where they had been, and probably how much they had paid for the cab fare and, thought Sherlock mutinously, how close John had been standing to Catherine Cusack before Sherlock had had to break (well, nearly break) an antique Waterford fluted vase.
The row, if not entirely dissipated from the atmosphere in the room, was at least tabled enough for Sherlock’s head perked up with a look of
— something that might be searched or seen by accident when he travels. He's old-fashioned. And he makes them “read” from it, which suggests there is something to read… Maybe his glasses?’
All comments greatly appreciated. Also sorry for the timing -- moved continents this week and am a little jetlagged. x
(Was this it, then? This objectively, utterly unimportant case – this one night, just a handful of hours – and the fragile trust and… and more, the nascent fledgling
, a mere forty feet away from where John lay) would be so underfoot today that he might get the brunt of Mrs H’s surprisingly daunting chiding, and be forced to eat something to appease her. He could dream, anyway.
‘Would you prefer some naff middle-of-the-night, overcooked Chinese? Or wait until it’s properly light out?’ He stood, came round the side of the bed and stopped by the door. ‘Toast now, kip, then… breakfast – or lunch, really – someplace later?’
Here, he couldn’t even imagine Sherlock ever coming to harm, so impossibly opposed was it to the full universe of reality that was this embrace, right here, where Sherlock forgot every word except one.
‘Not too bad! Mondays, you know.’ She shrugged and adjusted her apple-red glasses absent-mindedly, limp black hair still brushing the frames. Her St. Andrew blue ‘YES’ referendum button, a little the worse for wear, somehow clashed with everything. ‘Working a double shift at Chelsea Road tomorrow so that’ll be long one but…’
Wordlessly – for, if he had perfected nothing else in his time ‘away’, it was his air of invisibility – he slipped out of the station and back onto the bustling, zooming, unseasonably cool concrete-and-rain tapestry of the street which leant the station its name. Exhaust, grease fumes, mist, rubbish, heated rubber, millions upon millions of
John, who had gathered enough breath for a rant, was almost comically pulled up by this. ‘Er. Right. Okay. Well, that’s…’
Mrs. Hudson stirred, getting off the stool with a pat to his knee, and he realised he had basically been staring. It had been a long time since Mrs. Hudson had bothered to comment (obliquely of course) on his and Sherlock’s odd, somewhat tumultuous habits, so he was hardly surprised that she hid a smirk as she went to place her teacup in the sink. She did not appear to have other symptoms besides the cough, so, he conceded, she was probably right in thinking it just a summer cold; but she – like Sherlock, no wonder they got on so well – often refused help, so her venturing up to have him check was, itself, an indicator of her ill health. He watched her in case she needed his arm.
But he was exhausted, and at some point, he was out of words. Besides, now everything that mattered was between them, spoken, out, and ready for rest.
(What? That was a phrase, surely — such sentences were hardly the organic stuff of his own imagination. His Mind Palace occasionally housed proverbs: the associations common in regular social conversation. Where had this one originated? Connie Price? The ‘Bloody Guardsman’ case? (And what had nearly killed that damned guardsman? John had been checking on the man’s recovery, and his former Major’s: perhaps, when this Gruener business was wrapped up, they could take another pass at solving it. He did so
‘Hardly Nietzsche,’ Sherlock said drily. John snorted. He felt too good, too wrung out in the best possible way, to debate the reading level of his own thoughts, or the larger unspoken question of what exactly they were doing, had done, were going to do now. His eyes were already falling shut. He rolled onto his side, facing Sherlock, beneath the covers.
his brain for flooding his retinas with the mortifying image of his own hands on himself in the sticky nocturnal humidity of Miami pretending without any success whatsoever that they were John’s hands, because it was unfair,
‘Well she’s clearly been owned by someone with taste, if nothing else,’ he ventured. ‘And perhaps a sense of humour.’
in John’s expression when he had walked in, the lunch he’d had with a woman he knew, not his sister (that wasn’t until tomorrow), was no less troubling to Sherlock than when the shoe was on the other way round. ‘Ask my “sodding brother” — he’ll show you the file. She was undercover.’
Finding the elusive Maureen involved, blessedly, some actual searching. Not without digging deep into his mental map, after two hours and several semi-lucid tips, did he find her wandering, ghost-like, up an alley not far from the canal (still mid-afternoon, yet almost deserted). She was chatting dully to another homeless person (alcoholic; over fifty, long time on the streets; Mancunian — it became clear as he got closer — by birth; not transgender herself but evidently frequent enough among their number; early-stage layer of sarcoptes scabes, transmitted from the mixed collie-spaniel following loyally at her side, also recently afflicted) when she spotted him.
‘Sherlock? Can you come in the kitchen for a minute?’ His tone left no room for argument unless Sherlock had invisibly slid into a full strop, which didn’t seem the case just yet.
, and so Sherlock opened it, the thick stiffness of new pages sticking together. It took him a moment to get to right page.
(2013). The sort of thing Sherlock might have enjoyed reading — precise, technical — had he been more interested in archival rather than forensic puzzles. It was all based in chemistry, fundamentally…
Mycroft raised an auburn eyebrow, quirking his head to lift it even higher. No doubt the imbecility of his operatives, the high cost of overtime, the poor intelligence and the personnel reshuffling were whirling in his bureaucratic brain. Sherlock had no energy to wait on attendance for his brother to break the silence, and so broke it instead.
and not telling her, because I can guarantee your brother will have by now, and if he hasn’t, I will. Besides, if you do…’ He licked his lips, and leaned dangerously closer to Sherlock,
He huffed, rolling his eyes and his legs up to sitting in a single swing. ‘Do not think I shall fall for that old trick, my dear fellow, or we certainly have a tempest between us today. You have simply replaced a decade’s old cover and insinuated one of your more
For a moment, he flicked through the volume. Then, handing it back over his head to me, he said, feigning indifference, ‘And this has proved
Thankfully, she was looking around (nearly standing up) trying to catch the eye of a waiter, with the genial confidence of some flagging down a friend at an airport arrivals gate. Ten seconds later a smartly-dressed, tan young bloke in a crisp apron appeared. As Harry ordered a starter, John wondered about the young man’s age, his sweet face and naturally strong jaw, his long, muscular legs. Probably an aspiring actor, dreaming of playing James Bond someday, if he could survive that long on tips and overtime…
Perhaps… Sherlock fished out his phone. No messages or missed calls. He supposed it was, in the spirit of communication, a good idea to inform John of the case’s completion. He thumbed out a text and sent it. Then a second, informing John of his good errand. The
Sherlock frowned and burrowed shamefully into the crook of John’s neck once more, right hand holding John’s shoulderblade in his palm like a life preserver.
And what? Sherlock was abruptly aware that he was standing, in his room, in the dark, pulse racing, shirt unbuttoned, trousers and pants hastily wrenched up around his hips, hands and lower abdomen coated in his and another man’s semen.
Then, sometime roughly four hours in, Molly made a bit more rustling than she had done for a while, then finally cleared her throat. ‘Do we… er, eat, at all?’
’Sherlock, this isn’t news to you, but Gruener is not a nice man. He is, in fact, a murderer — a murder who's managed to get away with it several times. Something you were the first to point out to me.’
Sherlock then glanced at the wreck of John’s sheets. His nightmare, during which he had cried and repeated Sherlock’s name, entreating. The room was at least two degrees cooler despite being at the top of the building, but of course John had only closed his window upon waking. And his worn socks were on top of his laundry hamper (the idiot, he knew he became uncomfortable and prone to panic attacks when overheated in slumber).
Sherlock stopped moving. They didn’t discuss — John had tiptoed around the evidence of Sherlock’s time in Serbia (though almost certainly he didn’t know that was their country of origin) ever since he’d first seen them, by accident, in the fluorescent kitchen lamplight one midnight in June. After (a month after) that, he’d traced slow, blunt fingertips over each one in the middle of another night when’d he’d thought Sherlock was asleep, only the fourth time they’d been in bed together as sexual partners. The gooseflesh, naturally, had told John before long that Sherlock was patently not sleeping, but they both maintained the fiction and, after John’s unhurried exploration, he had settled back down, closer, at Sherlock’s side, lips shakily pressing to Sherlock’s skin, until Sherlock had feigned waking and allowed John to roll him up and over him until they got lost in each other in quaking, worshipful relief. The nightmares, unlike John’s, were silent, and did not merit mentioning.
He was standing with his arms crossed, considering Sherlock with the book still in his hands, illuminated from behind by the (muted) telly and the uneven lights over the sink and microwave.
(John was standing, silent, only a few hands’ breadths away, but Sherlock felt strangely isolated, as though a current of cold, stiff air was circling around himself, separating him from the warm, vibrant passion play going on at an imponderable distance. He could barely discern John’s measured inhale/exhalations from the criminal’s between them. Some dislocated part of Sherlock’s chest ached for no reason he could accurately describe.)
‘He’s lovely, isn’t he?’ John had said, removing his sunglasses and sticking the other hand down into the canine’s long, soft coat and scratching him generously while Sherlock was still being alternately slobbered over and nudged with a wet nose. ‘Who’s a good boy? Yeah, good boy.’
She nodded, sniffing her pastry and then apparently thinking the better of it. Suddenly, John thought over her face and – oh, yes, excellent – he loved being able to deduce something Sherlock had missed. He was going to savour that once they left.
‘“There was a young soldier from Brighton…”’ rumbled Sherlock’s amused baritone in John’s ears, and he had to cover a smile with his hand as his next patient entered the room.
The pitch black of Sherlock’s room as the door closed softly behind him was split only by the small window, catching the tangerine streetlight from the alley. John climbed into bed, his side, leaving space on the one-in-a-million chance Sherlock did miraculously decide to sleep, or… well, John was confident he wouldn’t get a repeat of last night any time soon after the row they had, but, then again, you never knew.
(John resisted rolling his eyes. Shinwell, mostly known as ‘Porky’, Johnson was one of Sherlock’s underground informants, happier to spill to them than to the police and get himself a visit from some nasty people. Half the time his information was bollocks, but Sherlock persisted in meeting him all over the city, peevishly groaning that ‘Even the smallest mote of dust could be the foundation for a criminal case some day.’ Utter crap, John thought, so he usually kept his remarks to the short (and admittedly sarcastic).)
please Sherlock, so John either took his mobile and some earphones or, more and more often, just sat back and enjoyed the quiet of Baker Street. Added to which was the fact that Sherlock, with his consistently uncanny ability to know some things, often treated John to some of the most breath-taking music he’d ever witnessed in person, the sort of pieces that made a shiver run up your arms and prickle the back of your neck, made you
, he thought, as loudly as possible, broadcasting it from his chest, to the one person he had ever considered capable of mind-reading.
‘Some of the women in the group were already signed up, but we were hoping for a few more of the men to get involved. It’s minimal effort, really — just an excuse to go to the pub, as much as anything.’
‘At this price, it should be,’ he replied on a laugh, hearing himself say the words and wincing the instant they left his mouth, thus fully prepared when Harry bristled furiously and said, with her peculiar knack for emphasising multiple words per sentence as if jabbing a pointer finger into his chest.
On the landing outside his door, however, he halted. His bedside lamp was on. Suddenly holding his breath, he crossed his threshold and found Sherlock, in his steel blue pyjamas, propped against John’s headboard, his toes nearly reaching the end of the wide bed. In his hands was a plate with a mostly-eaten sandwich.
‘I would have thought this particular folly had been concluded long ago,’ Mycroft wondered haughtily, studying his customary umbrella like an absurd anachronism of a Dickensian walking stick. (All that was missing were sheepskin gloves and a powdered wig and he would have been indistinguishable from an exhibit in the V&A: “Victorian windbag”, the label would read. Sherlock smirked.) ‘Perhaps I should prepare his lordship for disappointment.’ He rose, and not a moment too soon.
‘We’re not having sex tonight,’ Sherlock had snapped, a low note of panic lurking in his tone, in the raised, stiff hunch of his shoulders beneath his jacket.
would relax,’ chided Mrs. Hudson, getting to her feet, ‘that way you can come home. Oh, but it’s strange to have the whole quiet house to myself. Keep making extra tea in the mornings before I remember you’re not around to drink it.’
‘I had been planning, Dr. Watson, to keep it for the debut to an unequivocally more important function – the gala for my own personal charity, the Water Round The Horn group – tomorrow evening. I have made something of a tradition of…’ she looked momentarily bashful, then smirked, and continued, ‘of making a wish on the stone for good luck. A silly exercise, I know, but so far it has proved entirely powerful. The Carbuncle was a gift from my husband upon our marriage, you see, and it seemed a far more appropriate moment for something so… sentimental.’ She smiled again, eyes warm. ‘If I am to be forced to dance, I intend to draw on all my advantages.’
No. Nor had he lit anything on fire — something of a personal victory. Instead he’d run several of Violet’s friends to ground, then — when that proved so utterly asinine as to prevent his being able to carry on — he’d taken and solved two cases via Skype (simultaneously, and separated by four time zones). Read up on new technological innovations in crime predictive algorithms in conjunction with CCTV recognition software (flawed: predisposed to hone in on racially/ethnically/economically marginalized populations, where it was in the
,’ John declared several times, enjoying the reference, and Sherlock both craved and agonised at his having to belabour the phrase before Ovid (ironically) could grasp it.
After a moment, he turned his back on them and looked at the kitchen. Everything was in its usual place, shadowy in the evening light, teamugs overturned on the drying rack from when Mrs. Hudson had stopped by earlier, with her deepening respiratory cough, her arthritic hands patting John’s blunt hands. He could feel John’s eyes on his neck, and wanted, for the first time in many weeks (years), to be
and be impressed in person, as he always was… often by how shockingly bad Sherlock was at keeping himself out of harm’s way.
After pacing around the square, which, as ever, afforded him space and breeze-refreshed air and anonymity, he decided to walk it off in the direction of home. The more he thought about it — thank
She smiled in genuine amusement. ‘I thoroughly appreciate your advice, Doctor. Lord Morcar and I have been discussing our security arrangements and have already made plans for improvements. I apologise that I thought an update could wait until morning. It seems I underestimated you.’
It wasn’t, Sherlock was well aware. Unlike the recent spats they’d been having, this one felt suddenly charged with things Sherlock had been withholding — fears he had been successfully (up to now he’d thought so, anyway) deleting as soon as they came into his head since the first morning Sherlock had searched the kitchen shelf only to realise he no longer remembered whether the coffeepot had initially belonged to John or himself. Yet here they all were, tumbling out like spun blue and green marbles spilled across a floor…
Such snark would have been very annoying if not for three simple facts: first, Sherlock was usually like this; second, his voice was still sleep-crusted and thick, which John always enjoyed; and third, the tug of the bedsheet around Sherlock as he jostled about, scooping a nearly criminal amount of dark roast grounds per volume of water, meant that the faint sliver of a birthmark directly below the nape of his neck was exposed. More visible once John put his laptop aside and went to put the kettle on for himself.
He was, he estimated, about 99% sure he had now crossed the line from just interested/turned on by Sherlock to actually
Instead, settling down with fresh tea a minute later, John picked up the Guardian from beneath the pile of other papers and post they had in today. Truthfully, Sherlock had fallen asleep last night before the food had even arrived, after John had shoved him towards the bedroom to get changed out of his suit. (It had gone to the cleaners today — the good ones, who owed Sherlock a favour — but even so John apologised thoroughly for the musty, machine oil-drenched smell. Too bad there was no client left to foot the bill.)
‘Cigarettes, Mycroft?’ Though his words were the typical bandying of brotherly crossfire, something in Sherlock’s weary, rasped tone carried a note of surprise, as though Mycroft’s lapse back into nicotine usage was highly out of character. ‘Low tar. Still smoking like a beginner.’
‘Mmm,’ Molly allowed. ‘And it’s not, well… not microscope slides or anything fragile like that: not exactly sexy to make the person you’re trying to sleep with stare into a microscope.’ (John took a moment to admit to himself that the image of Sherlock hunched over a microscope, dexterous hands wheeling the lenses about, absurd skin illuminated by the light underneath the platform, did plenty for him. But he took her point.) ‘And not pixels hidden in larger images, like some sort of…’
‘Right, well, Mr. Cassis, that’s that, then. See you in…’ He clicked, flipping the clinic’s diary page over, ‘three months. Linda will set you up with an appointment time, at the front desk.’
‘Eating foods rich in sugars and carbohydrates creates a spike in metabolism which ultimately leads to lethargy at inconvenient times, such as, to pick two random possibilities, running after suspects or surveilling criminals during three-hour operas.’
Panic sank coldly into Sherlock’s chest as he watched John, seething, leave the cell. John was distressed, clearly; furious and, less understandably, hurt, by Neville St Clair’s otherwise uninteresting prestidigitation. He saw that John was hurt; he wanted – it was, statistically speaking, his most frequent and constant wish – John not to be hurt. He simply was not sure how to effect the desired outcome.
He choked a steadying breath. Another. Blinked. His mind reeled itself back in, chugging to life, to find Christopher beneath him, shaking with aftershocks, having come
'By the time he eventually reached the Cosmopolitan, he was almost glad Sherlock wasn’t to hand either for him to clock or to snog. Fortunately he had a meeting with a supermodel so he didn’t have to decide just now.'
John winced inwardly, trying not to think about Violet or Suze or the way the words ‘no longer a liability’ rang in his ears like a concussion.
Alas, yes, a short chapter, mostly as a bridge between Carbuncle here and [Part 3] over... there, in the abyss, there...
Sherlock blinked. He didn’t — He checked to see if the page had been inserted as something of a joke or… or publisher’s gimmick, to be printed at random on some romantic commercial holiday to boost sales with random proposals to and from unnamed lovers, but the page was sewn in with the rest, in the same font and spacing as the next page (‘Chapter 1: A Study in Pink’) and Sherlock was speechless.
The flat, toneless way Sherlock delivered this offer collapsed over him with the strength of a tidal wave. He – these words were more than resigned: they were
, a vague conclusion was beginning to take more concrete shape: something involving Gruener’s published interests; combined with the remark he made in response to Molly’s ad-libbed comment, ‘
John blinked between Peterson and Bradstreet, then at Sherlock, whose mouth had folded into a thin grimace as he spoke.
In the cab, John dutifully skimmed the headlines: famous gentleman politician’s glamorous wife robbed of her almost-equally famous, insanely valuable jewel. Safe apparently unbroken, and yet apparently not so safe.
‘Which “they” are you referring to?’ Sherlock drawled. This was an entirely extraneous line of inquiry, since clearly he and John would not have allowed matters to come
water to stop the effects of the burning), a burn kit, possibly sedatives – but then again, if Gruener were the only one hit, Sherlock was somewhat inclined to wait until the paramedics arrived –
Glaring at Sherlock (who felt a sudden wave, rather than the usual case elation or surge of energy, of fatigue), John faced into the room as if carrying on their conversation, despite speaking into the microphone with the other end pressed firmly to his ear, ‘Molly — thanks for calling.’
Sherlock instantly broke into his well-rehearsed explanation: ‘I only intended to lie down for a few minutes. You do still occasionally have nightmares when you sleep alone. It seemed prudent —’
Above all, though, was the enormity of the truth that, even if whatever uneven thing he and Sherlock had fell apart — even if, someday, Sherlock decided the demands of the flesh were not worth his time and that he would prefer to go back to partners in crime only; or if, a different darker voice prompted, John found himself incapable of watching Sherlock rush off without him one more time, do one more reckless thing and nearly get himself killed, without regard for where that would leave John — even then, John could not imagine feeling
Late as he was, the flutter in John’s chest demanded he pause and marvel at the bittersweet image before him.  For their entire relationship — since the very beginning — Sherlock had bemoaned what he saw as John’s stubbornness keeping up his medical career (such, John often chimed, as it was). He
'Maybe,' he conceded. They needed to agree on something before she'd really consider what he needed to say. 'And you trust him, then, do you?'
For a second, he dared hope that this news would shock Harry into politeness. (He hated that it didn’t even register as possible that she might be happy for him, even though saying it out loud, for this first time, sent butterflies loose in his chest and a tingle up the back of his neck. ‘A couple’ had just slipped out, one of those convenient insinuating phrases people had been using on them for years.)
The one good thing about post-operative stitches in a proper hospital was, at least, that they’d done a good job putting them in the first time. Took them seriously and used the good stuff, rather than the glorified fence wire he’d sometimes been forced to use on the battlefield.
Sherlock scowled. The nurses had been infuriatingly unforthcoming in response to his requests for reading material, case files, their own histories, or anything of even the remotest shred of interest.
The auburn-tinted room seemed to stagger with this half-confession. (Too much data, clouded in sentiment and Sherlock’s suddenly pounding heart.) He didn’t trust himself to say anything right.
Wheeling around to argue, Sherlock saw John’s wry smirk, and sighed through his nose. ‘Meanwhile I have no leads about Henry Baker. I did instruct a few people from my regular network to post flyers around Goodge Street with Baker’s name and our emails to collect the bird tomorrow. It’s hardly as direct as if he’d left a watch or a hat, but we’ll see.’
It was horribly endearing, Sherlock in a poorly concealed sulk about a parrot when they had a case – two cases, even – on. Even the thought of Sherlock concealing any kind of sulk was dizzying, particularly as John’s eyes couldn’t help but rake down Sherlock’s back hungrily… The clock on the bookshelf by the door ticked with deafening strokes after a full day of nonstop noise, and John exhaled with relief.
‘Yeah, all right,’ John amended, ‘easier to have-in anyway. Can’t expect you to sit still for more than ten minutes anyway.’
‘Do you have a theory about how Gruener keeps these pictures?’ she repeated patiently. ‘It’s just, I’ve looked at lots of the history of it now — the material stuff, I mean: the brittleness of the paper, and the chemical make-up of the inks — and I can’t see how he could be
with that information brought the wary, murky thoughts back to the front of his mind: he refused to be stuck in a situation in which Sherlock would be tempted to waltz off on his own, without John’s recon experience and good aim to cover him.
‘Oh! Lovely,’ Molly sighed with gratitude, putting down the enormous book she had been balancing on her knees and getting up. ‘Dish up in here, or…?’
John eyed the stone over Challa’s shoulder, then looked at Sherlock seriously. ‘You’re sure this is the real stone?’ he asked.
A clatter (a bar of soap bouncing in the tub) broke him from this reverie. He drew open his dresser and absently picked out his pyjamas.
he thinks, disgruntled at the very least that he had to swap bodies with someone who was in such a tremendous conflagration of
‘Liar,’ Sherlock managed, gritting his teeth, and John would have rolled his eyes if he hadn’t needed them to watch his fingers scissoring slowly in and out into Sherlock’s body. ‘You would have insisted on finishing the tea.’
Almost two weeks of good behaviour, floating in becalmed sea of slow feeds and hours lost and naps snatched and colostomy bags and still not
John began mouthing harsh kisses down Sherlock’s neck as he peeled Sherlock’s crisp ice-blue shirt open. (Sherlock’s hands were working behind John’s head, forearms resting on his shoulders, until a moment later his arms sprang apart, cuffs undone, pulling apart his now-unbuttoned shirt to reveal his stupidly gloriously bare chest.)
Breathless, breaking a kiss to take a shuddering gasp of air, Sherlock forced words through his vocal cords: ‘I don’t make you happy, I make you miserable, and I don’t know how –’
(Undercover in what precise capacity, Sherlock had elected not to know, more intent at the time to be briefed her up-to-the-minute relation to John and the latter’s up-to-the-second location. Just now, though, he cursed his uncharacteristic single-mindedness. He
‘Makes a nice change for women to be running out of here without having just thrown water in one of our faces,’ John observed. ‘God, “The Bride of bloody Frankenstein.” Is that what we are? Just a…’
you for this, Molly. You are not a substitute, or a back-up, or a replacement of any kind. You are ideally suited to this precise case. And John will be there to do or remember anything you don’t.’
Bold as brass, smirking as though he had not been minutes away from coming in his fussy special concert suit, Sherlock raised an imperious eyebrow. ‘I simply mean, it was a longer week for some of us than for others.’
He took three breaths in the miraculously empty corridor, then went back to the doorway where the others had backed away to let him through.
‘Nope. But you do have a birthmark. On the back of — on your spine, below your shirt-collar.' He knew what that sounded like, the image that conjured. Christ. (
‘No, Sherlock, we – we need to talk about this, now, here,’ he gestured in a stirring circle between them. His lungs felt hot and sore and he knew he was opening floodgates, becoming sentimental when Sherlock had told himself in his stupid frightened head that emotions were simply baggage. Still he couldn’t stop. ‘Even if he stole it, Ryder doesn’t have the Carbuncle anymore! All the rest is details!’
John considered him, heart so heavy with everything built into these constant roundabout conversations in which Sherlock informed John in one breath that he had been a lonely man before John came into his life, and with the next that John should leave.
(or, as it were, bright, public lobby light) but all of it fed into John’s hungry curiosity… The idea that Sherlock
Lady Morcar (once the elitist front desk manager finally believed him and rang, in her most brownnosing tone, up to the Countess’s suite) was slightly, gracefully surprised to see him.
Upon closer inspection, the trio of men (both about his own age) and boy was hunched (his own back twinged at the mere thought, though of course, freshly striped, it also twinged when he stood perfectly still, and would probably have caught
Once again Bradstreet dropped his voice. ‘And what, in the name of heaven, do you have my constable fetching a bird bath for?’
‘Faint smell of sick, poorly masked by heavy Chanel perfume; distaste for milk even though she prefers it in her tea; recent weight gain and dizziness; and her inflated sense of her husband’s worth as a result of hormonal fluctuations meant to foster relations to inspire equal sharing of parental duties. Incidentally she has not told her husband yet and I imagine we will be sent a confidentiality clause by the morning.’
Sherlock’s eyes often flickered with amusement; other times he parroted (John’s mind was swimming with puns) a high, elegant trill which grated on John’s nerves as eerily as if it were a siren blaring, ‘Fake
.’ John commanded, flatly, rubbish his face (hiding his heavy eyes behind his hands, covered as they were still in trace amounts of other men’s blood).
‘I –’ He had no idea what he wanted to say. ‘I…’ He ran his palms skimmingly as if planning to dissect John into two coronal halves, until his fingernails scratched gently under John’s armpits – instantly John had his wrists pinned to the bed beside him, causing his sage green shirt to fall open around his swelling chest cavity.
‘This? THIS is what I’m worried about,’ John cut in, scowling at the spasm of fury that shot from Sherlock’s midsection through his lungs. ‘Do I need to show you again what pulled stitches look like when they get infec—’
‘Don’t do anything too dangerous while I’m gone, yeah?’ he’d made Sherlock promise, swearing it right into the grin of John’s lips as they met one last time on the landing. ‘Can’t have you hogging all the fun.’
The second floor, behind a scuffed, once-white door, was little more than an unlit defunct storage room. It was filled with a maze of open and sealed cardboard boxes, tangled webs of indistinguishable black cables, dented aerials, precariously piled DVDs and computer games, and wire crates of what seemed to be (from the multilingual labels) lightbulbs. John wondered if Sherlock could read any of the languages on the packaging or if he simply knew the wattages and sockets by their box-shape. As if hearing this thought, Sherlock threw his a small, private smirk over his shoulder. John assumed this meant yes. The insufferable git.
‘Hugh Boone,’ Bradstreet suggested blankly, his finger worrying his strawberry-blond moustache. ‘I agree, he’s not a pretty bugger, but I don’t think that a wee shower would be quite so useful as an interview.’
‘Morris, though I am no great devotee of either his textiles nor his politics, undeniably feels what he says here. And I suppose,’ I considered, watching as Holmes regained his seat, this time with his body invitingly angled towards mine, ‘to feel the fervour of that feeling after ten years, as though he were in the room…’
Why his sister insisted on meeting him at some posh French place, where the head waiter glared the smattering of rain on his favourite, admittedly re-seamed coat (which was perfectly fine, thanks very much) and his years-old shoes like they were better suited to a drowned mutt, he didn’t actually care to know. Instead, with as much grace as he could muster on what would probably be another instalment in the series of typically difficult meals with his sibling, he set his back straight and made for the table.
Whether it was his recent experiences or a side-effect of the medications, or simply a long overdue arrival at a critical mass, Sherlock heard himself say, casually, ‘Not unless you would prefer it, of course. Though, now you mention it, this might be an appropriate moment to state your preference, should you have one.’
, even if there are all these changes ‘round the place… Well, you know how it is, new boss who knows somebody who knows somebody. Office politics are always ugly, aren’t they. Sandra got laid off to make room for some son-of-a-nobody who invested a million quid in
Leaving Sherlock blinking in the half-light of his room, John turned his back and went. He needed another scotch for this.
Then of course the false alarm with Peterson – the woman had the peculiar dilemma of finding him exceptionally attractive and unprofessional, which was deeply ironic considering it was not
Not for another fifteen minutes did he receive a reply, in which time he had ample opportunity to frown, berate himself for flirting so cavalierly with a man who quite obviously didn’t do anything sexual without nine kinds of forewarning. At long last, as he wheeled round in his chair to have a too-little-too-late STI chat with a wide-eyed uni student, his phone lit up in the peeking-open drawer of his desk.
.’ John’s voice had gone viciously, frighteningly quiet. His jaw would ache later from how hard he was clamping it. Eventually, he frowned at Sherlock rather than at the floor. ‘And you would never have told me, would you? I mean, you went five months without saying anything so I suppose there’s my answer…’
Sherlock snorted with derision, and John couldn’t help but bristle as well. ‘Not twenty-four hours ago, Sherlock solved a case your
, he reminded himself. Christ, it was going to be a long day, at the end of which his balls would probably be so blue he looked like a bloody Smurf…
?’ John murmured, clearly angling for the opportunity to ‘take it for a spin’, or whatever jargon idiots who salivated over motoring used this year.
The walk had definitely helped, but the persistent questions about what they were doing hadn’t dissipated — had, if anything, gotten stronger during his brief venture.
Pushing the dial up to hot, he stepped into a brisk shower, scrubbing the last of the day away, the hair-dye and acid cream and blood seeping down the drain, carrying with them the onslaught of dark little voices and screams that he’d heard tonight and would probably hear again in his dreams for a while to come. Pushed away questions and guilt and other people’s consciousnesses, all out of his mind. He peeked into the sitting room on his way, saw Sherlock standing now in front of the mantle mirror, just where John had gone. Still processing, then. Swallowing a lurking gnaw of doubt, he padded on.
Instead John lay awake, frowning into his pillow for what felt like hours, listening to Sherlock’s equally sleepless breaths.
And then John had left him, while Sherlock was still asleep. Now John was sitting, hunched and nearly dragged back to the floor by that familiar, detested weight around his neck, clinging to the lifeline that was Sherlock’s just-barely-warm hand.
About halfway through his lunch break, he saw a familiar shape walked past and, unresolved curiosity getting the better of him, called, ‘Beth!’
This was not going to win over Henry Baker, nor was it a remotely appropriate way for an intelligent species to be treated. ‘John, honestly –’
,’ Sherlock cut in impatiently, for the thousandth time. ‘He’s a cat who thinks he sees prospective mice. He
,’ he replied impatiently, wishing he had something staining and foul-smelling to drop at Mycroft’s pristinely-polished feet to splatter across his trouser hems. (Which reminded him: he must ask Mrs Hudson to take John’s besmirched pair to the good cleaners today when she went.)
Rolling his eyes, he strode past John into the kitchen, to examine the recently-procured plastic (his skin grated even to contemplate the synthetic-crinkly sound) takeaway bags.
Through the welter of three-year-old stream of consciousness, John’s managing to put it all together.
After nine whole days, he’d cleared all but two rooms, ingested more bland tea and boring sandwiches than the entire of his army training so far, and started to wonder how he could delay his return if, as seemed halfway probable, his father carried on like this, unconscious but moments away from death, beyond the next week — possibly indefinitely. By that evening, sitting in the room once again, his own voice echoing in the thin walls as he attempted some poetry (
It was a measure of how exhausted Sherlock found himself that he didn’t even bother to attempt a first shot.
between them had fractured; a fault opened, John’s trust riven by Sherlock’s fundamental tendency towards logic over sentiment?)
, John,’ Sherlock retorted, as though John had been duped by the trick of pulling a coin from behind someone’s ear.
‘You’re abnormally attracted to dangerous situations and people,’ he continued, wishing his mouth would just once take account of the effect its emissions were having on someone else, but he had spent
and protect his weakest flank, and the need surging from his toes to his fingertips to the base of his skull to stop Sherlock talking himself out of…
went straight to his libido. Christopher was noisy and nonverbal and too off his head to protest the lack of condom, and John was in a mood to set things on fire. When he came in John’s mouth, Christopher moaned loud enough to drown out the muted sounded of next door’s telly blaring the nightly news.
‘Mm, that was two days ago, love, and as much as that was, you know, great, I wonder if at some point you’d like to get off, too.’
‘I’m not interested,’ John cut across. Sherlock was, he could admit to himself at any rate, mildly surprised. ‘Do I need to be worried about her coming to kill either one of us any time soon?’
He nodded in thanks, trying to think of any earthly topic that might steer them back to calm waters. What was on telly lately? — An intake of breath was all the warning he got as the dam broke:
‘Obviously the other one was a man,’ Sherlock supplied, lest he have misjudged John’s threshold of credulity. ‘I didn’t hallucinate the
This, coupled with Suze’s information (and something, some stray fibre of relevant data that had lodged itself in his subconscious but had not quite surpassed the threshold to full awareness — i.e., an intuition), convinced him that they should waste no more time. So he’d played until the sun had descended beneath the earth (or something), thinking…
Which all suggested that, even if he did not formally accept the assignment of Lord Damery, perhaps it was time to turn his full attention to the Austrian baron.
‘Then, if you wouldn’t mind signing a note to that effect – clients can be inconveniently litigious when it comes to lost property.’
Sunset below the skyline illuminated the flat, long shadows stretched into the room, now paradoxically dark in contrast to the warm, early autumnal light outdoors. It was easy, in the comforting shade of privacy, to believe that John might in fact understand his perplexity.
‘I admit, it will involve some… extra work.’ Namely in the realms of clothes and comportment — Gruener would hardly believe she was the private face of one of his chief competitors for macabre erotic art if she turned up in a striped jumper covered in cat hair. Although, a double-bluff… ‘But that is exactly the reason why she is an ideal candidate for the role.’
Fortunately, when he looked over at John — sitting in his damp (was it raining? So it was) coat, one hand clenched on the tartan wool stump of his chair-arm — he discovered John’s eyebrows had lifted well into his forehead.
Since living at Baker Street, John hadn’t known what went on in Sherlock’s room when he stormed off mid-case, though he’d hovered near Sherlock’s door wondering, listening, waiting, often enough. Last night, he’d finally caught a glimpse of what happened on the other side.
.) How could she trick Gruener into believing she was a match for his cunning and underhandedness when, to the best of John’s knowledge, the biggest deception Molly had ever pulled off was —
‘What’s this?’ John finally asked, picking up the box that slid into his leg. (How long would it have taken him to say something had Sherlock not taken that last turning at rather a speed?)
a dog? That seemed, though Sherlock had a hard time putting his finger on exactly which, to breech several social codes of friendly and gift-giving behaviour.
The chill that stole over Suze seemed deep enough to dampen all the laughter of the past few minutes down with it.
‘Charming,’ John noted dryly, staring as Sherlock’s now-orange dyed fingers emerged wetly from his mouth.
in the flat — and then having lived for nearly 800 days lying awake, feeling like (especially after he’d been drinking, or hadn’t slept for he stopped knowing how long) he could hear the familiar
His mind reels back, reeling already, to the data he already has — the hands, the punch, the cut on his shirt — the shiny object on the ground, where, he suddenly senses, he is himself, on his knees — the empty house — the parking gate —
John leaned over again, sorry for the whine of pain that this elicited from Sherlock, but he needed to kiss him.
‘Yes,’ he nodded, frowning, clearly unsure what John meant by this seemingly obvious and random observation.
John exhaled a shell of a laugh, as though distantly amused but primarily still processing. ‘Do — did you
But John had shaken himself out of the reading about international art commissions law to work backwards. ’Don’t mind him,’ he told her. ‘He makes noises all the time. You get used to it.’
Wholly boringly predictable, nevertheless some revealing moments which needed to be reconsidered — not least the maze (where pews ordinarily went) of glass, HVAC-sealed cases of artefacts that would rival any museum — the ‘book’, such as it was, would be well-hidden among these heterogenous objects — Sherlock had seen — no, smelled — the acrid scent of… chemicals, but which? He ran through his general mental list: mold, damp, water-related? No. Animal hair or skin, living or dead? No. Blood, or other bodily fluids (sweat, semen/vaginal secretions, urine, faeces, etc.)? No. Cleaning materials: sodium hypochlorite? No, though — ah, but
Then, reaching the most uncomfortable part of the plan, he sat down. ‘Once we can encourage him to parrot, as it were, your words, you’ll have to teach the actually relevant phrases. The, erm… endearments, that I suspect Flint was taught expressly for
‘This works in our favour, of course,’ Sherlock reminded them. ‘He’s not so obsessed with privacy that he’s going to take your phones off you – he’s old-fashioned. And he’ll be so preoccupied with wedding matters that he will welcome the opportunity to discuss his despicable hobbies rather than his pending nuptials.’
John frowned approvingly. He — wasn’t sure what he had expected. Maybe he’d been in command positions too many times to trust that things always got done right just because he said they should. ‘And you’ve spoken to her about the prostitution ring? She probably doesn’t know anything more specific but…’
he had slept – when he had been away from Baker Street. How he had survived. What route he had taken – in which other cities? In other flats? In other people’s beds? – to end up drooling into John’s mattress?
Surprised and oddly stung by this, John, a little breathless, drew back with a slight frown. ‘As if you’re not down there with me.’
more than strategise, or I’ll be very happy to go take a walk downstairs and find one of those microphones and start them on the story of how a retired colonel aristocrat came asking us to hush up the scandal of his drug-addicted god-daughter and her upcoming marriage to a child rapist.’
The slate in front of the (barren) fireplace was the only thing Sherlock’s eyes seemed to want to look at. ‘If you are still interested in discovering what became of her, I’m sure my —’
Instead, he tucks his knees in more tightly and nudges once more with his nose. He doesn’t release his intaken breath until Sherlock squeezes his hand.
Sherlock said nothing in reply, but leaned into the wall beside John with a distant yet alert look. ‘He’s in there, I’m sure,’ Sherlock confirmed to himself. He settled, his elbow knocking gently against John’s in a way the latter still found thrilling. Oh, he had missed
,’ lilted the Austrian with a smile, and Sherlock had felt his skin itch with rising fury and (loathe though he was to admit it) some wariness.
‘Move your hands,’ John instructed, battle voice taking over, ‘the chemical is still live.’ They needed to flush whatever chemical was eating – ‘
He found his way to his chair, eyes adjusting to a low-level lighting roughly comparable to that of Baker Street in the late evening, before they’d turned on a lamp — the sort of semi-darkness that sometimes (a few winters ago, anyway) had prompted Sherlock to suggest they build a fire. By the time they got home, a week or so from now, the weather might have turned enough to suggest it again.
‘Any…’ He hadn’t really thought of how that sentence was going to finish, only that he felt guilty that she was their friend — his friend — and he seldom treated her like one. ‘Anything interesting in the morgue lately?’
they never had to do again. John kissed the bottom lip fervently, then the top, long and wet and deep enough to drown. For a brief second he felt Sherlock’s quiet sigh, but as Sherlock continued to meet his kisses ardently, John decided to interpret the sigh as contentment rather than irritation.
It was over a year since Sherlock had returned from being ‘abroad’, as he preferred now to term it, and on paper (or, perhaps more accurately, MI5 electronic record), very little was new at 221b Baker Street. Two residents: both male, both middle-aged, both unmarried; frequent visits from police officers, homeless persons, illustrious and ordinary clients alike; rubbish consisting of tea, takeaway, chemical waste, biscuits wrappers, plasters/medical supplies, bean tins, beer bottles (and prophylactics). Irregular hours. Irregular purchases. Regular necessity of continued surveillance — at least, so the file would purport.
, going to borrow money from certain flatmates/lovers.) But when he was around his sister he couldn’t help it.
The worst part was, she was a charismatic young woman — the kind of girl he could see hosting out-of-control, tabloid-bound parties, hands dotted with real diamonds twirling real champagne, being pandered to by all kinds of celebrities and rich daddy’s boys in clubs; the kind of girl who would be high as a kite four nights of the week and whose friends would shoot up while sprawled on her expensive sofa but not wonder if she’d made it home safely or had ended up choking on her own sick in an alley.
(John had rotely kicked off his shoes into the dark space behind the landing door where a small avalanche of their mingled footwear again, after a long reprieve, rested. Only a minute later, when he realised the reason – or one reason – for his tense expression was the stench of his shoes, did he retrieve the pair from the pile and carry them up to his room, to rest on his open window-sill, soles upturned.)
He exhaled, a loosening of his jaw and lungs followed by a stab of guilt. Sherlock had anticipated his apprehension (and hadn’t made him ask, hadn’t made him articulate the niggling, unfair mistrust that sometimes crept into John’s head when he least wanted it there).
*As was perhaps obvious, my timeline for this series does not comply exactly with canon or, according to
