Dean takes Sam by the arm and together they move away from the battlefield. Castiel arrives at Jack, then lowers to talk to him. He put his hand on his upper back.
Other black slime appears in front of them, it turns into Meg.
Oh.. (laughs hysterically)
I want to make a deal.
(he sighs)
Oh, I know. I didn’t forget about
Sam is breathless from the fight, Ruby’s smug.
And you beat the crap out of us. Then,
and you do nothing to fix that. I think
The choice is yours. But tell me something.
Listen uh- We’re worried, I am worried.
No, thank you.
to all the angels and demons he had killed
you know it. This is for the burn..
(annoyed)
sometime?
danger.. (worried) Do you think he’s-
to celebrate. I’m gonna be right back.
Jack’s eyes are turned downwards, as is his face. Castiel cannot look him in the face.
Meg smiles at Sam. She was the last thing, or person they expected to see. Meg is satisfied when she speaks, in a certain way she managed to fool Castiel and all the angels when they had proposed  her to be summoned to earth for fighting God.
Of all the possible ways this conversation could evolve, Sam and Dean certainly hadn’t thought of this one.
A damn nothing.
(signing)
Every angel, every demon or reaper that
I’m just so tired of you now.
Not all of ‘em. (laughs)
Jack’s not feeling very well, we don’t know what’s happening to him.
Sam takes a few steps forward to see better.
To our family and our future together.
(but I wish I did).
WOMAN
CASTIEL
(signing as he speaks)
And you’ll be there too. If something happens
We need that book open and we’re out of options.
LUCIFER
Angels.
CONNOR
CHUCK
Because like you said, I’m Sam Winchester
Sam lowers, puts a knee on the ground to look into the boy’s eyes. Dean remains standing.
GABRIEL
Oh, well.. are we going?
I always do.. me being me.
But that’s not the way things work.
We’re back on Jack, Sam and Dean. Dean watches the waiters at the bar serving people at the tables, Sam is looking at some kids riding their bicycles. They’re all alive, they’re all back.
We will think of the rest tomorrow.
INT. EMPTY
AMARA
Crowley turns to Dean.
took my grace and forced me to kill
What do you think?
in these books. (he pauses)
Dean hits the steering wheel with his hands. It’s the first emotion he’s expressed since they’ve been driving.
Castiel, always ready to sacrifice himself.
Be careful.
I mean, she’s got the whole Death
What are we living for? Cas is gone, Jack doesn’t have his powers.
(he swallows)
And whatever that is (pointing at the spear).
for eternity. (there’s a smug smile
What? Wait.
CHUCK
(laughs)
Dean starts to talk but someone interrupts him.
Remind me never to mess with you.
please help us. I know we betrayed you.
Dean and Sam approach Castiel. Dean with his angel blade makes a small cut on Cas’ throat, Sam gets closer with a small vial. Castiel’s grace comes out of him and ends up inside the vial. Sam immediately closes it and Dean takes a small piece of cloth that he had in his pocket and presses it on Castiel’s throat with his hand, still looking Meg in the face.
Sam turns to Chuck.
looking for. I’ve waited so long for you to
Then you said it.
We’re not here for that.
Ruby and Balthazar are next to Castiel as they speak to the entity.
That’s definitely game changing.
Sam and Dean look at each other.
(she stands up and marks every
(she sighs)
would be here now.. Maybe he wouldn’t be in
Dean, blaming yourself won’t get
Me too.
against him. I avoided using any powers
Meg? Is that you?
SUPERNATURAL
telling me WE betrayed you. And me and these
We see Castiel now, he’s just left Jack and he is approaching the battlefield again.
about demons and ghosts and vampires..
I promised it quiet, the Empty will not be
Out of your control.
go back to sleep.
Actually God absorbed his sister Amara and
name’s Claire Novak. I’m sure that she and
DEAN (V.O.)
watch a movie together, I’ve got this massive
out that you asked Lucifer for help. He
if you give it to me I can read it.
Apparently your old man has a sense of
So, what can you tell us?
Sam is confused. Another person answers for Castiel.
Then I think it’s the ending where you’re just
If I was a demon and I was running from
Do you remember when you wanted
How did you get out of the Empty?
the Book of the Damned, see if he can figure
Excuse me, what?
Dean walks to the diner. Sam is shocked by Dean’s answer. It’s definitely not what he expected, but Sam realizes that Dean is worse off than he thought. He’s trying very hard to punish himself, but he’s also trying to keep his mind busy, distracted, because if he lets himself go for even a second, he’ll collapse. And Sam knows that. Sam follows Dean into the diner.
into a cosmic bond.. well, turned him into
without you.
They both look at Rowena in a bad way.
Stop it.
Would you have let me in if I said it
Some research.
I don’t know.. I mean, we don’t
Chuck thought he killed every creature he ever created. Now there’s a burn on the spot where the beam of light hit the ground. Sam and Dean aren’t close to Chuck, but still watched the whole scene. There’s a close-up of Dean trying to get off the ground, his leg hurts, but the plan has to go on. Dean rests his weight on the knee that’s still intact, while the other leg is stretched laterally. He looks down and spits blood. There is still some thunder in the background. He wipes his mouth with the sleeve of his jacket when someone appears behind him.
I just borrowed her pretty face.
CHUCK
(confused)
There’s a bit of tension here,
They both smile.
LUCIFER
Chuck finishes killing more angels and demons. Then Castiel comes up to him. Chuck laughs.
it shouldn’t be this easy to come in here.
It was a lot to take in, I’m
without you. And that’s how we will carry on in the future.
Jack!
So you’re here to kill me.
CASTIEL
They’re gonna die anyway. Soon or later.
You know what? I happen to know a really
was it running from?
everything was so fast. I didn’t have time
Jack can raise his face to look at Cas. He is sweaty.
EILEEN
MICHEAL
He killed everyone.
then Micheal showed up.. maybe something
I don’t trust you, Lucifer.
already.
I didn’t notice!
CHUCK
I’m listening.
There’s a few seconds of silence, then Connor talks, slowly.
MICHEAL
Sam and Dean gasped when Meg named Crowley. Is he alive? How did he escape? Who else escaped? They are speechless.
I had this hole in my gut. Like if I was
CHUCK
My big boy.
Rowena disappears, leaving Sam and Dean alone.
Right, right. Uh- Not so much. He
Is there anyone?
what you would say. I thought you’d tell me
maybe they’re killing demons.
Maybe he’d help in some other way.
AMARA
He’s just gone. End of the conversation.
the three of us on an empty planet.
to yourself. My only sin was not
I will not betray my father, ever again.
out the end. And by that, I mean.. the end.
Hello.
Taking it off was the only thing we thought of.
Jack looks at Sam and Sam looks back, he’s sorry. They lied to him again, but it was to protect him, Chuck probably would have hurt Jack if he showed up too, and they couldn’t protect him. He’s quiet for a few seconds.
to visit.
Uh.. yeah, not so much.
(smiles)
that I’m with Dean and with you guys.
Without thinking twice Dean gets up immediately and runs to the main room, Sam follows him, Dean climbs the stairs. He has a moment of hesitation before opening the door. If it’s really Cas, how did he get back? Was it Jack? But Jack has no power.. the Empty let him go again? What is he gonna say to Cas when he sees him again? He can’t stay quiet again, so maybe will hug him? Will he be angry with him for sacrificing himself to save his life, again? The answer is behind the door so Dean opens it.
They smile at each other.
that deal for saving Jack because I wanted
CASTIEL
There is no hate in Jack’s sentence, only truth. His face is neutral.
I’m kind of enjoying this story now.
LUCIFER
her power, so it would be like fighting two
CHUCK
Bring it on.
ZACHARIAH
up bits of power all over the place. So the
Dean takes a sip.
Need a hand?
for lying to you, I didn’t know what else to do
LUCIFER
Yeah.. I’m- I’m here.
CASTIEL
said that in the past week he acted strange,
spots, blackouts..
CHUCK
Sam smiles back at her. The music increases. Castiel and Dean are surrounded by monsters. Dean holds the machete in his right hand, Castiel holds the angel blade with his left hand. Dean and Castiel’s back touch each other as they circle around to keep their guard high as vampires and leviathans and other monsters come closer and closer to them.
for what I have now- for all of you..for
INT. BUNKER LIBRARY - MEANWHILE
we arrived.
We’re not gonna die, Dean.
MICHEAL
Eileen looks at Sam. We don’t hear what Bobby says.
Why the Empty took him?
That’s one of Death’s books.
MICHEAL
to you.
Castiel tries to look at them both the same way, he tries not to dwell on Dean. He never thought he’d see him again, he didn’t think he’d have to deal with what he confessed to him.
seeing you with a broken wrist.
What?
angels and demons’ asses.. releasing all kind
Ruby is ironic. Sam cleans the machete in the sleeve of his jacket.
Sam e Dean smile.
He’s wrecked and his look speaks for itself.. Dean hasn’t slept in two weeks. Beers in the fridge are halved in a matter of hours. Sam tried to give him some space and time, he knows that’s what Dean needs. Sam is not good either, despite everyone has come back and after his reunion with Eileen, he still misses Jack and Castiel, who were important members of their family.
Since we couldn’t read the book we had to
We’re making a new one.
DEMON
CASTIEL
Eileen made some bacon.. you want some?
(smiles)
You tell me, I was minding my own business when
Maybe I did, once. But now, I’m just grateful
(laughs)
WE FADE TO BLACK.
Uh, normally, I’m not very good at
bother me.
my first choice when I escaped the Empty,
Hi. Who are you?
RAPHAEL
Cute.
CASTIEL
can kill me? God. How do you think,
Thank you for what you’ve done.
at least and this place is warded so it can’t
Yeah. Great idea.
myself or Sam.
Is that it or-?
CHUCK
Dean attacks Meg, who seems to be much stronger than him. Sam runs to get his angel blade. Meg smiles as she fights them. She punches them both, from the cheek of Dean runs blood. Sam takes the opportunity, she’s distracted beating Dean as he hit her with the angel blade. Meg blocks Sam’s arm before he can go any further, his hand surrounding Sam’s wrist. Sam screams when Meg burns his wrist, he drops the blade on the ground and backs off. In the meantime, Meg also burns the knife in Dean’s hand, so he is forced to drop it. Then with a hand movement she throws them both on the ground. Sam bumps his head and loses consciousness. Meg laughs. Dean runs to Sam.
Dean swallows again.
(he pauses)
CASTIEL
INT. BUNKER LIBRARY - LATER
tried to bring Lucifer back from the Empty
The point is that when the battle is over,
ABADDON
You still want to work on it?
Yeah, I used to, until you made me
You were right.. about everything. About
I don’t know. Maybe the kid just ran off to
Chuck is confused when Sam and Dean don’t kill him but turn and start walking away, Jack follows them. They’re the only one left on the field. The house where Jack was born is destroyed on their left as they walk towards the car to leave this place.
What happened?
From here on Sam speaks in voice over while we see other scenes edited together: ”It has to be done at a particular place.. at an exact angle from the sun. But it will release an unstoppable force that will find Chuck and finish him.”
about me. Think about all the people
EILEEN
GABRIEL
woken up again, ever. We sort of made a deal.
you out of it.
LUCIFER
CHUCK
(annoyed)
How? I tried- I tried to wake you up but-
Dean. I think I found something.
from the dead.
They’d think I’m nuts.
How you doing? You okay?
besides, what other choice do we have?
LUCIFER
Cas loved you and you’re doing nothing
Alright, well.. that’s a good thing
(he smiles to calm the woman)
Dean stops walking again and looks at Sam.
CASTIEL
(smiles)
We’re not doing very well.
leaving me. I don’t care if I’m an angel.
Sam calls him. Castiel turns and sees Sam and Dean running towards him, armed with angel blade now.
I killed you. I thought I killed a lot of
Michael is still looking at Lucifer. Then he drops the castle of
GABRIEL
CHUCK
to tell you for a long time, but- I never had
It’s not his power anymore.
(makes fun of himself for the
Well, (hours before) thanks to you and
CHUCK
Speaking of battles, I’ve got tons of new
Saving you feathery ass.
What? Did you think I’d let you kill me
who we are.
Watch.
(she takes a break to think)
Michael’s eyes light up.
you can too.
You don’t have to thank me.
will go to Hell. Rowena’s helped too.
Dean gives Sam a pat on his chest.
CASTIEL
CASTIEL
Wow, you are really getting rusty
Yeah?
INT. BUNKER - LATER
(yells)
a crossroad demon and see if that
You’re a cuck.
So now, before I lose my patience
I was just gonna say that I’m in.
I- I must have stood outside your dorm
DEATH
CONNOR
(always talking to Micheal)
Wow! Way to treat a pal.
That’s the problem. He’s just a kid.
hasn’t eaten at home anymore..
the disappearances. If someone wanted
Meg clenches her fists even more and causes even more pain to them.
CHUCK
I’d do anything for you, and for Jack and for Cas.
good hunter who lives around there. Her
(confused)
LUCIFER
CHUCK
Jack tries to call him like he called him once years before, there’s a small part inside of him that hopes Cas will wake up and come back but nothing happens. No response, no sign. Jack lost his power when he exploded in the Empty, no one knows what happened to it.
Maybe we should just surrender to Chuck.
Castiel interrupts him.
Hey Bobby. What’s up?
CASTIEL
from what.
we suffered and we lost hope but everything-
middle of the night, I dressed up and went
Chuck’s expression goes from a defiant smile to a grin of annoyance, he’s visibly pissed. Gabriel smiles at Castiel’s words, not looking away from Chuck’s. A strong thunder on their heads forces them to look up. Nothing happens, as if it was just a warning, as if to say, 'Us angels are here, and we are ready to strike again’. But the music increases when a black slime begins to appear in front of them that turns into a passage, similar to what was in the dungeon when the Empty took Cas. As if it was a portal. One is created, then another behind, then another. Many portals of black sludge open. Nobody does anything, they just watch. And so from the first portal Raphael gets out, from the second Gadreel, then Naomi, Balthazar, Samandriel, Anna (Milton). Everybody’s looking at Chuck. Dean and Sam are speechless as they’re watching everybody come out. The angels and demons that arrive are ready to fight, angel blade in the hands. Then again Zachariah, Abaddon, Uriel, Ruby come out from the Empty. Sam gasps when he sees Ruby. Dean is open-mouthed when he watches Abaddon, or when he sees Zachariah. He thought he would never see them again. Rowena comes out of another portal. Sam looks at her. Then from one last portal, but not less important, comes out Crowley. The music stops.
Castiel also notes the presence of Sam and Eileen.
LUCIFER
No, it’s not. Nothing is fine. We lost two
you’re-
for you?
Pretty smart. But I can still hurt him.
But.. why was it scared? Who or what
He gives one to Castiel and Sam, throws one to Eileen (who is on the other side of the table) who catches it on the fly, smiling. Castiel and Dean sit on the right side of the table, Sam and Eileen in front of them. Everyone opens their beer and has a sip.
many times.
Father, no.
No, I don’t want it. Let’s focus
When did it happen?
I can’t forgive that.
The end of God is in the special book..
Oh, I’m sorry we’re not freakin’ angels.
MICHEAL
(smiles)
I mean, picture it. The two of you,
Sam never took you there?
Not anymore.
You used to be my favorite toys.
Castiel speaks louder more to himself than to others.
Dean parks Baby, he and Sam get out of the car and close the doors. They’re at the crossroad "assigned" to the last demon who disappeared. It’s late at night, they can barely see anything so Dean opens Baby’s luggage door and takes two torches. There’s no one around, they see a couple of illuminated houses in the distance. The street light is very weak. Dean gives a flashlight to Sam, both light them up and start analyzing the ground to look for any clues. After a few seconds Sam calls Dean.
why would you want me?
You really don’t know how touched I am..
woke her up and she is gonna be-
You’re my family and I don’t wanna lose it.
Because now, I’m trying to convince you to-
Alright. Thanks, Connor.
Betty, say hi.
You were the ones.
ZACHARIAH
Dean, I wouldn’t do it.
And who would that be?
Yeah.. tell me about it.
killer. It’s kind of glorious.
is gone..I couldn’t save anybody.
Dean and Sam don’t want to tell Jack where they’re really going, they don’t want him to worry any further because if Jack knew, he wouldn’t let them out of the bunker or he’d do anything to accompany them. Sam and Dean are going up the stairs again.
decision now. Dump the losers (he points
shops, a diner, he and his friends were always
MICHEAL
the first place. (laughs)
This is my number, call me if you remember
Cas is gone. (he takes a breath)
Don’t trust me.. trust Betty! (he smiles and
There’s something I’ve been wanting
Yeah.. but who?
DEATH
They both laughs for a few seconds. Dean looks Cas in the eye, he   loves it when Cas smiles, which doesn’t happen very often. Castiel can not believe his eyes, he doesn’t believe all of this is real. He’s back. Dean, Sam and Eileen brought him back from the Empty. They care about him, they risked their lives for him.
Sam calls him, Dean stops and waits for his brother. Sam reaches to him.
At some point Claire disappears, and she shows up a few hours later with an exhausted looking Dean. Cas may have been Sam’s best friend, but Claire and Dean had a connection to Cas like no one else. It was good that they talked, Sam thought. Maybe it would help them both say goodbye, knowing that they’re not so alone in their grief.
So yes, for that first day, they exist and do nothing else.
“You’re still learning how to get a handle on your powers,” Cas told Jack. “If anyone should go, it’s me. I’m the most powerful here, the least likely to fall under the faerie Queen’s spell.”
“You know I love you, right?” He hates how insecure he sounds. Cas laughs, his voice low and quiet.
. She’s charming and sarcastic and flirts just as much as usual, but mostly with Eileen who really leans into it, which is new and… kind of exhilarating. Dean is snappy, which Sam expects, and eventually the four of them come up with a plan.
And here he was. This field would do wonderfully.
Getting out of the car Dean saw a figure unfurl itself from where it had been sitting on the stoop. Bobby. He was wearing a large overcoat despite the heat, looking as grouchy and dishevelled as usual.
“Hey, that’s mine!” Dean said, flicking one of the arms of the shirt in greeting. Jo grinned when she saw him, shrugging.
“Not this time.”
Dean grunts in reply, not even looking up from his plate.
“Not…” Eileen starts, the beginning of an idea forming. “Not necessarily.” The two brothers look to her and she takes that as her cue to continue. “Well, if you don’t want to try and talk to Jack, there is someone else who might be able to help us. Someone who has connections. And power.”
Cas feels Charlie take one of his hands in hers. The presence is comforting, and they sit there for a while, waiting for the wave of emotion to pass.
“You understand shit, Cas. Let me speak.” Cas looked a little taken aback. Okay, maybe not the best approach.
“Seriously, dude?” Sam asks. “It’s nine am.”
He breathes slowly, deeply, closing his eyes and simply existing in Cas’s arms. He pulls Castiel’s hand to his lips and kisses the ring that is now sitting on the ex-angel’s finger. It’s cold against his lips, the silver standing out against the warmth of his husband’s skin.
to be cured. Awesome.”
“So we need to stop her,” said Jack. “Before anybody else gets taken.”
“He’s gone,” Dean says, his voice breaking. “Cas is gone and he’s never coming back.” Dean takes in a shaky breath and holds it. Sam is afraid of what might happen when he lets it out.
“I’ve lost him.”
, the look says. It takes a moment, Sam can see the cogs working in his brother’s head, but eventually Dean nods, his eyes set, determined.
“What do you mean?” Jo asked.
“It’s not?”
“You’re being ridiculous.”
“Don’t you dare, Sammy,” he said, “We earned this!”
A beer before lunch.
my life. My love, my joy, I would never have understood any of it if not for you. If you will have me, I will spend every day in the rest of my existence thanking you.”
“Benny’s in town? Really?” This was news to Sam. The last he heard, Benny had been stationed overseas. Dean hadn’t heard from him in weeks.
Dean jumped out of bed pulling some pants on over his underwear, throwing a T-shirt on before grabbing whatever plaid shirt was closest. It was a warm day yesterday, so he decided to go without a jacket for a change. As he rushed out of the bunker he noticed that Sam had left him breakfast in the form of a Danish in a paper bag, a note attached: ‘Gone to meet Cas. See you there, sleeping beauty.’
“Faeries,” Cas went on, “are like the offspring of demons and angels combined. A vampire might attack you if you entered its nest, but enter a Seelie Court and a faerie could make you dance until you died with your legs ground down into stumps, trick you into a midnight swim and drag you screaming underwater until your lungs burst, fill your eyes with faerie dust until you gouged them out at the roots—”
. They were all coming back. Holding Charlie in his arms, sobbing into her hair as she stroked his back had been a weight lifted.
Sam notices that he’s holding a large tub of ice cream in his hands, and he throws a questioning look towards it.
He knew Dean was not okay, but this? Sam could never have imagined to hear something like this coming from his brother, broken or not.
“And a chance is all we need,” Sam says.
Eileen looks to Sam.
Cas puts the half-eaten tub of cookies ‘n’ cream on the small coffee table, lifts the remote to turn off
“You don’t seem too choked up about it,” said Bobby.
“Yes,” Eileen says, laying the book down in front of them. “There, can you see?”
Bobby heaved a theatrical sigh and led the way into his home. “Fine,” he said gruffly. “But if she asks, I protested.”
“Okay?” Charlie said, joining Dean in a stand, proceeding to knock a stack of books over as her chair pushed backwards. “So let’s go get the dickbag!”
She leans forwards precariously on her barstool to wrap her arms around her friend. Cas buries his face into Charlie’s neck as he cries, sobs overtaking his body as he struggles to breathe.
It was soft and quiet at first, a whisper so tender. Dean’s hand moved to Cas’s hair and Cas cupped Dean’s face, and suddenly the kiss was moving, growing stronger and more desperate.
Really, Dean doesn’t care that he’s alone.
Sam frowns, about to ask who, when Dean speaks up.
“What do you mean?” Dean asked. “Who else is here?” Bobby looked as though he was going to reply, but decided against it last minute, and instead pushed open the door to his kitchen come living room as an answer.
They turned towards the Impala.
“You don’t understand,” Dean almost whispers.
“And I want to help rescue Sam,” said Jack. “I have ‘the juice’,” he said, using his fingers to make air quotes. Dean rubbed his face.
“Listen man,” Dean started. “I… I have some things I need to say.” God he was getting nervous again. He let his arm fall from Cas’s shoulder and he cracked his knuckles. Let’s do this.
“Castiel will not be able to leave the Empty as an angel. He will need to sacrifice his grace.”
“Why not? He’s your brother, you need to take your mind off things.”
Cas jumps at the sudden contact, and turns in his seat.
“Well,” Sam says, “whenever you are ready, I’ll be here.”
Jack explained that Purgatory would cease to exist. The afterlife would not be the same. Any demons in Hell who wanted to start again as a human would be given the chance. Everyone else would simply exist no more.
“Sweetie, no.” Charlie strokes Cas’s arm.
“So was I,” says Eileen. “Twice. There’s got to be a way.”
Dean let out a small laugh. “Yeah, me too.” He nodded. They looked at each other, an eternity stretching out before them. Dean shook himself. “Who’d have thought I’d be taken out by a friggin’ vamp.”
“Cas is gone.” Dean closes his eyes.
When Sam and Eileen reunite, Dean and Miracle wait in the car. There’s a lot of crying as Sam scoops her into his arms, lifting her up and squeezing tight. He takes in her scent, never wanting to forget the way it feels when she is with him. There’s lots of kissing too, but mostly they’re just happy to hold each other.
In the dream Dean was a child again, walking along the bank of a lake. The air was thick with the smell of burgers, and a quiet hush seemed to ripple over the water, its surface alive with sunlight.
Dean pointed his finger at Sam, the other hand still clasped firmly in Cas’s who stood slightly to the side of Dean, watching the two brothers, amused.
And the same thing was going to happen to Heaven. Dean remembers the way it felt when Jack had told him that the souls in Heaven would simply drift away into nothing, the way his heart felt like someone had taken ahold of it and squeezed, never letting go.
Dean can be a real jerk sometimes, but he never actually thought that Cas would ever leave. Dean is used to people leaving him. The only person who’d ever stuck around was Sam, but Cas? Cas was different. He was good and kind and pure. More importantly, Cas
“But… nobody know that he and I… he’s not
“See, the truth is, buddy…” He pauses. He breathes in. He breathes out. He breathes in. “I love you man.” He breathes out.
“Maybe it’s time for a round table meeting,” Charlie said with a smile. Dean’s heart warmed to her. He could see her now, in her chainmail, pretending to be one of King Arthur’s Knights.
can’t have a slice.”
“I’ve lost him.”
“How do you know?” he asked. “You haven’t been here on this case.”
“That’s it!” Sam finally heard Dean say from down the hall. “No head.”
Some people had decided not to stay. They would stay for the wedding, for one last hurrah, of course. But on February 15th they would be saying goodbye. Forever.
“I don’t think I will ever be ready for this day to end,” Dean says as he pulls away. He leans back against his husband’s chest, hooking his left hand around Cas’s thigh. The arm around his shoulders gives him a squeeze, tight and reassuring.
“It is the most glorious pie in the whole entire
Dean swallowed the lump in his throat. “Me too,” Dean said. His feet had felt planted, solid, immovable, but now he was moving forwards so fast he couldn’t get to Cas quick enough. He pulled him into a tight hug and buried his face into Castiel’s neck. “God I missed you so much,” he said, holding back tears. Castiel held him tight. “I’m so happy to see you. I’m so happy, I-“ his words got caught in his throat. They pulled away from each other, slowly. Dean kept one hand on Cas’s shoulder. “I never thought I’d see you again.”
“A spell for what?”
“She’s Queen of Hell, now,” Eileen says, “she has a lot more power than before.”
This was a moment to be cherished, remembered forever like a tattoo in his mind, playing forever on replay.
“Charlie told me it would help,” Cas explains. “It tastes good, but it’s not doing much to help ease the pain.”
“You will need something that has been to the Empty, something that can act as a guide.”
He pinches the bridge of his nose as he feels the liquid settle in his body.
He knew Dean had been grieving Castiel’s death and so Sam had tried, he really tried, to be there for him, to be strong, to help him feel that there was a chance that he could one day breathe again. But staying strong for Dean meant putting his own feelings, his own grief on the back burner. He missed Jack more than he could ever put into words. He missed Cas too, and it hurt. It hurt so much knowing his best friend was gone, and he still didn’t really know why, and he didn’t feel like he could mourn him.
(See the end of the chapter for
can’t appreciate how
Cas huffs at that.
They stay at Jody’s for two days before they decide to head home to the bunker. Of course, they take a couple of detours, visiting Charlie and Garth and a few other hunter connections on the way. It’s nice spending time with their friends without the constant threat of danger around every corner. Having fun should not be a novelty, but going to the park with Garth’s kids, playing arcade games with Charlie, these are the things Sam has been missing, the things he didn’t know that he needed.
Dean huffs a laugh. “You really think she’s just going to give us the key to getting him back? Just like that? No strings attached?”
“Well, looks like Sammy’s gotten himself in a sticky situation,” Dean told the group as he put his phone back into his pocket.
He took another deep breath and got out of the car. He felt nervous, jittery, the feeling when you’ve been looking forward to something for a very long time, but now that it’s here you’re afraid it’s not going to live up to your expectations.
He carries Dean to his bed that night, his brother too drunk to wake up as Sam hastily pulls him out of the car and into his arms, bridal style. He knows Dean would knock him senseless if he knew, but Sam didn’t care.
“Cas,” Dean whispers. “I’m sorry,” he says with a gasp, almost surprised to hear the words coming from his mouth. “I’m so goddamn sorry, Castiel.” He chokes back his tears one last time, and this time he speaks loud and clear. “I just want you back. I need you back. Please. I don’t know… Come home, man, we can work this out. I miss you.”
“Clearly,” Sam replies. He moves around the couch, and sits down on the armchair next to him. From this angle he can see just how terrible Cas looks. His eyes are puffy and red, his hair pointing in every direction and, no offence to the guy, but he smells like he hasn’t showered in a week. His face is tear streaked, and he has what looks like a smear of ice cream on his left cheek.
“There’s no chance I’m going to let you do this,” Dean said, turning to Cas. They share a look, and Dean knows that there’s no talking Cas out of this, and vice versa. Dean sighed. “It’s a stupid idea for all of us to go.”
“Hey Dean!”
“So talk about
“Shit.” Sam rubs his eyes and sighs. “So, what, we’re back to square one?”
Sam goes back to his brother at the curb, patting Dean’s shoulder.
“I know you still sometimes think that I stick around because it’s convenient. But every day, every
It’s a sad kind of peace really, bittersweet yet inevitable.
“Come here,” said Mary, and when Dean came to her she took his hand. She looked in his eyes, her gaze fixed and fierce. “Whatever you do,” she said, her tone now serious, no longer kind and content, “do not dance. Do you understand. Do not dance.”
“Dean,” Sam said, his voice sounding relieved. “I need help. I went to-” static “-and then there was this light and-” more static, this time lasting longer.
But Cas? Gone?
He had been driving for days that felt like hours that felt like years. No time at all had passed, yet it felt like a lifetime. Dean had been thinking, being, waiting for the perfect place to stop.
“This is different,” Dean contradicted. “This is dangerous.”
Looking down at this magnificent creation of his and Cas’s, Dean felt bis eyes begin to water.
“Yeah,” Dean said. “How’d you guess?”
, he tells himself.
“Wait, I think…” Eileen trails off. She reaches over the table to a large book with a green cover, falling apart at the seams. “I think I read something that said that if you combine the spell with something that had been to the other realm you can have a better chance of directing the spell to the right place.”
“I’ve seen these before,” Cas said after a moment. “Dean, you’re right, this is definitely faeries, but… not from around here.”
“He’s your best friend,” Sam explains. “You got something better to do?”
“So what, we can’t get in?” Sam asks.
“Because it’s
And maybe everything would have been okay. Maybe Castiel would have forgiven Dean Winchester, decided to at least hear Dean out, given him a chance to show Cas just how much Dean loves him.
“But why has she taken so many people?” Jo asked. “There are dozens of people on this list.”
But Castiel doesn’t hear Dean’s prayer, his angelic powers having died down so much that Dean’s words were nothing more than a whisper in the wind, and Cas keeps on living, away from Dean, oblivious of the love that the man he gave up everything for was willing to give him.
“I wasn’t sure if you’d want to speak to me,” the angel admitted. “I thought it best to give you some space.” He stepped forwards. “I’m glad you reached out Dean.”
Cas starts to nod sadly, but that quickly dissolves into a shake of the head, Cas continuing to cry.
“The Queen, Dean.” Heh, that rhymed. Shut up, Dean, now’s not the time.
Sam thinks he can hear Harrisson Ford’s voice coming from the lounge, followed by the unmistakable sound of a Wookie.
But he doesn’t talk about it, doesn’t acknowledge it.
“Except Jack.” Sam looks at his brother. “Maybe it’s time we made a call.”
“Yeah maybe but… When Jack died, the first time, he was human, he had no grace.”
“I’m going to be alone. Forever.”
“That’s only been done by a handful of people,” Dean points out.
“I… I don’t know if that’s a good idea.”
“I don’t like it,” Dean says.
He continued to watch the two of them make googly eyes at each other, and then down to the thing in front of them, half convinced that their eyes were going to bug out of their heads in the shape of great big hearts at any moment.
He makes a decision on instinct, and rushes down the hallway towards Dean’s room. The door is open and he sees Dean rocking back and forth on his bed, a pillow held tight to his face. For a second Sam thinks the crying has stopped, but then Dean lets out an abominable scream, the hair on Sam’s arms standing alert.
Are you just saying that because I saved you
it’s been what? 50 years?
Dean frowns while keeps looking at Sam.
Crowley as well. And I’m gonna kill every
He’s just a kid.
brother happy. I’m grateful for Jack that will
with my family.
They- they’re ALL back?
to see you.
LUCIFER
We betrayed you? (laughs)
EXT. ROAD, IMPALA - NIGHT
EILEEN
I can get my hands dirty.
I’ll let you boys talk. Let me know what
the Empty. Did you forget about that?
Yeah..
They look around for a while.. there are buildings around them but they are empty, there is no one. Then Chuck arrives.
The spell. There’s a spell.
waiting for us.
He sacrifices himself for me, Sam.
Or maybe, Dad found you first.
The brothers get closer to Jack and the archangel.
GABRIEL
Jack smiles, proud of his work.
And I can fix that.
(he pauses)
She smiles and with the angel blade tries to kill him. They fight and block each other’s punches until Abaddon kneels Zachariah and kills him with the angel blade. Zachariah emanates light, then his body falls to the ground, wings’ shape around him.
(confused)
Yeah.. and why would we do that? So that we
I surely am.
I think I never told you, that night-
full of remorse and guilt).
(scared) It was like I was trapped in my
Uh, uh. I guess I hit my head harder than I
CONNOR
Cas, I-
Or maybe it has wings.
always in a hurry, he didn’t even look me in the
You won’t kid. We’re your family.
Dean looks at Sam.
out. I did all of this but- I wasn’t moving.
(he pauses)
But it didn’t seem to work the past
two times in less that a day. Are you sure
“And thus, it will be-“
Alright, listen up everybody.
Dean greets them and heads to the fridge. He’s still very sleepy.
..but one thing.
I missed all of this.
MICHEAL
So what now?
great for the spell.
So where is it? Where’s the book?
Ruby crosses her arms to her chest.
Don’t worry she’s still dead.
We knew Micheal would warn you and you’d
you didn’t even answered my calls.
A few weeks earlier, Sam himself had discovered that the Empty cannot come to Earth unless it’s summoned.
Sorry, it’s slow going. But I think I was
look for him but we didn’t find Connor
(smiling)
your little lap dog Jack, rotting on a
You’re dead.
I know. But we moved for much less.
so I’m doing some research.
I’m not a kid anymore Dean, I can take
if he controls them.
For the first time I have no idea what
RAPHAEL
I guess I’m just smarter than everyone else.
Eileen disinfects the wound in Sam’s head. He looks at her. Sam was lucky, had no consequences for the fall. His wrist is bandaged for the burn Meg left him.
Dean starts talking, Sam looks at him, Dean doesn’t look away from the road.
They stop and look at Chuck.
Sam and Dean look at each other.
he who created the beginning.”
You left us. (he becomes serious)
Sam and Dean get up from the couch. The woman accompanies them to the door.
There’s more and more anger and despair when Dean opens his mouth.
need my help. I spoke with Meg- the Empty,
DEMON
Look Sam, I-
Wouldn’t take the chance of showing up
We’re in Dean’s room, he’s sleeping, the alarm clock rings, he extends his arm to turn it off and as soon as he touches it the music and a montage of various clips starts: Sam wakes up and gets out of bed, he’s very energetic, Dean pulls the blankets and tries to get up, he’s very sleepy. From the empty bottles behind him we understand that he’s been drinking, actually, he hasn’t slept all night. Sam brushes his teeth, Dean rinses his face (in different bathrooms), Sam wears a jumpsuit, Dean wears jeans and a black t-shirt. Sam goes out for a run, he stops for a second to just breathe, he feels alive, he sits on a bench and looks at the trees, the birds and then he smiles. Dean walks down the bunker hallway, he stops for a second in front of Jack’s room, he opens the door slightly, looks inside and then closes it, while continuing to walk in the hallway, the camera also stops on Castiel’s room that Dean doesn’t even watch, he even lowers his head when he passes by it. The music is still playing and Sam is back in the bunker now, heading into the kitchen where he finds Eileen cooking. The music starts to dissolve.
at this, buddy.
ROWENA
(signing as he speaks)
MICHEAL
I didn’t go back to sleep and why? Because
Dean frowns, but then he smiles, he has a beer in his hand.
Your declaration of love? Beautiful.
Wassup?
knows the God Book could be
the Empty let everyone out one last time only
MICHEAL
will happen.
(yells)
anywhere. Maybe if I’d followed him- maybe he
anymore. It’s time I start to do something.
We had a deal, Castiel.
DEAN (V.O.)
wanted to see his father?
What are you doing?
to duke it out.
LUCIFER
So, the thing we’re looking for
Crowley doesn’t even complain about what Rowena calls him.
We’re gonna end things with that
Sam.. Dean.
a day ago. Today I just feel myself. What
Save it.
So we had to come up with a plan b and
I’ve been working on it for a while.
with you.
Dean manages to say these words between one lament to another. They are on their knees on the ground. Dean holds his stomach.
fight on their side against God?
It’s still night. They’re driving back to the bunker. Dean looks at Sam several times, he knows he’s angry with him, for his behavior, for giving up on Castiel. Sam never looks at Dean, he always looks straight in front of him, he looks at the road and nothing else. He’s angry but he decides to try again. One last time.
Abaddon teases him by making a half bow.
deal. I guess they’re just easier to  find.
CHUCK
a place for reliving your memories, not
Sam turns around and looks at her.
Episode 1520
The demons fall to the ground after Lucifer kills them. He wipes his hands between them and looks at the bodies on the ground.
CROWLEY
Fine. As I already told you on the phone,
When we folks die that’s the place
You are playing with fire Castiel and you’re
The distance between them is less and less. Chuck snaps his fingers towards Jack, nothing happens. He does it again, and again and again. Then a black smoke (Amara) around his hands prevents him from snapping his fingers further. The panic on his face. Jack approaches and puts his hands on his face, his eyes light up.
over her, and she killed Death. (laughs)
Cas.. you’re alive?
WOMAN
So, why should I trust you?
..pissed.
You’re my little brother. I always watch out
The music starts. The whole scene is very fast: Sam, Dean and Eileen search and take books form the Men of Letters bookcases. They sit down and they start reading, then they go back to the bookstore and they get more books and then again and again. Time goes by, the music is still playing, all three of them are doing research. Then Sam falls asleep and Dean wakes him up by tickling him in the nose with a feather. Dean laughs, Eileen too. Sam is annoyed but returns to work. Eileen brings coffee in big cups for everyone to stay awake. They’re still flipping through pages and pages of books. Then the music starts to dissolve.
(he smiles, his eyes
Lucifer stops walking. From Gabriel’s sleeve descends an archangel blade.
Ruby is fighting a leviathan, she has an angel blade in her hand that can only hurt the monster not kill him. Sam’s not with Dean anymore. Ruby impales the leviathan with the angel blade, then walks away seeing that nothing happens, she reaches out to the blade and turns it around the monster to slow it down (as years before Castiel did with Alastair).
MICHEAL
EXT. CROSSROAD - EVENING
BALTHAZAR
Sam slowly turns to the demon, who walks towards him. He’s in possession of a male vessel. The demon flaunts his red eyes for a few seconds.
Are you sure?
(chuckles)
It’s still not enough, the leviathan opens his mouth wide as he approaches her. With a lateral shot we see the leviathan’s head fall to the ground and Sam behind him, with a bit of blood on his face. Ruby’s surprised to see Sam, to see that Sam saved her, but never as surprised as Sam is.
It’s good to see you on the right side.
Where does it leaves us? Screwed.
EILEEN
Before Chuck does something, Sam laughs. Chuck doesn’t understand.
let me in?
No thanks. I don’t feel like eating
Zachariah laughs loudly.
made some changes in the Dean-Cave, too.
I mean I apprentice the white flag
You know. I never liked you.
LUCIFER
Castiel finishes the sentence he started.
You always talk about bringing Cas back but
always be our kid, God or no God, no matter
LUCIFER
waisting it. He wouldn’t want this.
Morning, Dean.
MICHEAL
has their ears on, wake up. Wake up every single one of you.
I can’t believe it. You can’t even
were doing so that I can sleep
start following orders? Isn’t it a little too late?
you care about them?
Dean is frowning, he looks away from Sam, looks down and swallows. Sam can’t finish the sentence.
Right..
LUCIFER
You underestimate me this much?
anything else or if something happens.
The demon laughs again. He doesn’t seem to be afraid. Sam is standing in the middle of the road, the demon walks back and forth as he speaks.
CHUCK
I spared you. I let you live. And this
(smiles)
I still believe in you.
No one gets out, no one comes in. All the angels
Sam and Dean are standing on their feet now.
Meanwhile Lucifer and Gabriel are still fighting, Gabriel tries to talk to Lucifer.
thing to do, not to get his love.
Glad you were here.
I’m sorry for that. But don’t think
You- you have to- to stick to the plan.
Dean lifts up his jacket to show Sam.
(whispered)
have each other and I don’t even know
DEATH
Sam is sitting on a chair by the table with their initials, he’s been trying to call various hunters, friends and people they knew to see if there is still someone alive. Dean walks into the room with two bottles of beer already uncorked.
Every single one of them. Your friend
INT. CAR - NIGHT
is what you give to me?
CONNOR
know and they’d be long dead.
Cas? You got any ideas?
Queen of hell, uh?
the times you betrayed him, now you
(yells)
How did you sleep?
someone else.
Or maybe it really was an angel.
raised you from perdition.
Wow! Look at you bro.
Just, promise me you’ll come back.
The demons can’t breathe, Lucifer watches them.
..so, in the end.. Hell’s fine. Besides
EILEEN
That weakened you once before.
Rowena.
CONNOR
Dean takes a sip of beer and gives Sam his back, he’s trying to leave, get out of this conversation, but Sam still insists.
(yells)
Jack gets closer to Sam and Dean.
I really can. (he pauses).
SAMANDRIEL
(pretends to be worried)
What’s up?
a hand.
up Sammy at school- Stanford.
ROWENA
about it and it’s killing people, demons
They show him the badges, too. Connor watches them, and then they put them back in their pockets.
They both laughs.
Not enough. (he pauses)
Sam.. Dean.
Dean takes another sip.
thing shows up.
Uh- My head hurts sometimes but I’m alive
(he pauses)
INT. BUNKER - MOMENTS LATER
Chuck has the usual cheeky smile on his face. Sam and Dean look at each other, then Dean stands up and positions next to Sam.
able to fall asleep since then.
Lucifer punches Gabe, again. We can hear the bone shattering.
Jack’s sitting in the kitchen, he’s eating a snack. Sam and Dean haven’t been in touch yet, he’s worried. Jack raises his head when he hears a noise. He stands up slowly from the chair, walks beside the kitchen counter where three very small plants are placed, as soon as he passes them they wither but he doesn’t notice that. He comes out of the kitchen and heads for the hallway.
Do you know what I think?
I missed you, Sam. How’s life going?
LUCIFER
You can’t tell anything about this to
power, especially when they’re making a
without Death to read it.
Now everyone is fighting. No one is behind, everyone is busy. No one waits any longer for Chuck to kill angels and demons to step forward and fight against him. They’re all against everyone. Samandriel fights a monster. Balthazar fights two monsters. Everyone has an angel blade in their hands. Ruby, Gadreel, Crowley, Abaddon (who’s having fun), everybody is fighting against something. Castiel is also fighting a monster, his powers are diminishing more and more so there’s not much he can do but fight with the blade. After a few strokes, Castiel stabs the monster with the blade.
Chuck starts walking towards Sam and Dean.
Well, it doesn’t matter what he wants
DEMON
You- you prayed to him?
LUCIFER
And I did anticipate a little bit of pushback,
The camera is fixed on the book when a door opens and Death enters the room. She walks up to it, then stops and turns to Sam and Dean.
How do we bring everybody back?
The blade is polished in Lucifer’s hands when he kills Gabriel, his body resting on his brother, then he extracts the archangel blade. Gabriel falls to the ground, dead. Lucifer is heading for the battlefield now. Quickly we come back to Chuck who has two angels in his hand, these two angels are suspended in the air by the darkness (as if it was a black smoke, clearer than the demons’ one). Chuck directs two angel blades to them, stabs them, then their bodies light up and fall to the ground.
Are you laughing? Why?
(pleased)
How are you here, on Earth?
about that deal? We would have found a way!
They need all the help they can find.
points at her).
Lucifer makes a disgusted face as he crosses his arms to his chest and looks at Gabriel. When Gabriel died a few moments before, there was no wings’ shape around his body and Lucifer realizes that only at this moment.
I realized there was something
WOMAN
Dean immediately regrets talking to his brother like that, but Sam is not intimidated. Sam sighs and tries again.
her (Meg), the she brings us there.
Alright. I guess we need more beers
I don’t know what you’re talking about.
(yelling)
off limits, Chuck is human. Who’s
missing for two days and his mother
He can’t stop talking, someone from behind stabs him with something that Sam can’t see. Sam’s shocked, Dean wants to step in, but he promised his brother he’d let him. When the demon’s body falls, we can see who killed him. It was Meg.
But that’s life Dean. People die, people suffer.
You and me.. we told ourselves we couldn’t
Get your stuff. We have a battle to win.
Come out Dean, don’t be shy.
Dean raises his head and looks at Jack and then at Sam, he’s broken, he scrapes his throat and then he talks.
“Inherit the Earth”
I don’t care about being an angel if I can be
a damn about fighting God?
I’m always right. You can’t change.
(he puts a hand on Cas’ shoulder)
CASTIEL
I don’t wanna talk about it.
your little dog came here and made it loud!
CROWLEY
They move away from hugging. Castiel’s hand is on Jack’s face.
What makes you think we came alone?
CASTIEL
CASTIEL
something, I wouldn’t possess the same
have to be happy? We’d have found a way
I can see that. About what?
Who is she?
CASTIEL
I miss Donna, Charlie.. I miss Cas.
Yeah, that’s right.
LUCIFER
Dean and Sam take another sip. Dean turns to Castiel.
his hands on (he pauses).
Shut up.
What about you, Micheal?
Unbelievable. You two never change.
There aren’t any cards left to play.
How’s, uh.. Sam doing?
DEATH
Sam, you can’t beat me. And neither can
Thank you.
I never thought it’d end like this.
everything, don’t you?
sorry Dean-
Juice, please.
Sam frowns.
We got help. And you had so much fun beating
Oh, but I haven’t.
Dean smiles. He and Castiel seem a little closer, Castiel’s heart is about to explode with emotion, as well as Dean’s.
“This is gonna be cold,” Dean warned before he pressed the wipe to Castiel’s back. The Omega hissed and flinched as Dean ran it over each and every scrape and cut, pulling out a few bits of dirt and gravel. Dean winced quietly in sympathy, something he wasn’t used to; he took care of sick and hurt people on the daily, and while he had compassion for things they were going through, none of it ever made his stomach flip and his heart ache that he was causing them pain -- despite the pain being necessary. Maybe that was the difference between caring about someone’s wellbeing and caring about someone…
“It’s not exactly an easy thing to explain, Sammy. How the hell was I supposed to bring that up?”
up for debate.”
than okay,” the Omega purred.
“Mm-hm, sure,” Castiel hummed as he dodged it. He quirked a brow and pursed his lips. “You got a cowboy kink I should know about?”
“Thanks, Sam,” Dean rolled his eyes, “guess I’m stupid.”
“Yeah,” Dean smiled and bobbed his head. “And since I’ve had the pleasure of meeting your brother,” Dean snorted as he glanced over at Gabriel, who was still watching him with a keen expression. “I’ll tell you all about Sammy.”
“Mick,” he whispered, voice cracking as his eyes darted around the darkened gym chasing the scent of ginger and citrus with a hint of leather, a scent that had haunted him the past five years. All too quickly, his gaze landed on
Castiel took a deep breath, then slowly lifted his head. He had no idea what was going on here, why they weren’t being taken to the punishment room. Maybe this house didn’t have one and they had to drive there? Maybe Alpha and Beta Singers would want to eat their dinner first? He found the youngest’s gaze, Sam, who was smiling back at them, then moved over to Jo who was staring at them, a mixture of confusion and fear on her face. Castiel could relate to that… Then he found the oldest, Dean’s, eyes and found himself frozen, staring at the Alpha.
“They can visit Nassau.” Dean shrugged as he leaned into his Omega’s touch. “They can stay in my cottage when they come and we can go to the shore and spend time with them.”
Dean gave a small laugh, feeling himself blush and he looked down. “I mean, I’m aware you’re looking for a mate… It’s been entertaining to watch, to be honest.” Dean reached up, scratching the back of his neck before he took another of the screws from his mouth. Castiel was still silent so Dean cleared his throat and tried to change the subject.
are human.”
happy.” Castiel admitted as he breathed in the fresh earthy pine and cinnamon aroma of his Alpha.
“I do,” Dean bobbed his head. “But we are used to going months at a time without seeing each other. When I lived in California. He had his life, I had mine, and our schedules rarely meshed.”
Castiel breathed in deep and a wicked grin spread across his lips as the sweet aroma of aroused mate filled his nostrils. He stepped back and blew the breath out slowly, a cloud of white puffing out in between them. “I knew it,” he whispered as he grabbed Dean’s scarf and pulled him in for a quick kiss. “You soooo have a cowboy kink,” he mumbled against his Alpha’s lips.
“I appreciate it,” Castiel whispered as he slipped the box in the pocket of his slacks.
Dean moved to lunge at the other Alpha but was held in his seat by Gabriel’s strong hand clamping down on his shoulder. “No,” Gabriel whispered as he shook his head. “You will only make matters worse. This is something Castiel is going to have to take care of on his own.”
All chapter titles were either Christmas songs or lines from Christmas songs, except the first chapter that one was a play on words. Instead of five golden rings they got one cursed one.
God, he really fuckin’ hated waiting.
The strong scent of Alpha and Omega arousal mingled and continued to fill the car, so thick you could choke on it. “We need to find a hotel, now!” Dean’s cock was rock hard and he was fighting the urge to pull Cas into the back seat and take him then and there, though he was one hundred percent sure the Omega would have been completely on board with that. Before his inner Alpha could fully convince him of how great an idea that was, Dean saw a sign for Loews Santa Monica Beach Hotel and whipped his car into the parking lot. He skidded into the first available space and shut off the car.
But… half of those things weren’t expected of him here. Ellen and Bobby encouraged him and Castiel to speak their minds, to join into conversations, to be loud during times of enjoyment… He looked at Sam, Dean, and Jo, all three who respected and loved Ellen and Bobby, and all three who Father Metatron would’ve punished severely for the way they acted. But, Lucifer didn’t feel like they were deserving of being punished, not like he had the first night he’d arrived.
“Fuck,” Dean whispered, reaching out to free Castiel of the rest of his clothing, hands moving to cup the swell of his mate’s ass and pull them together. Castiel hissed, rolling his hips down, and Dean groaned as their cocks slid together.
* Oversized spider crawls upon its web,
Dean narrowed his eyes.
“Well,” Dean clicked his tongue, “I’m ruggedly handsome, my scent gets you all hot and bothered, that thing I do with my tongue.” Dean wiggled his brows. “Not to mention my big, thick kno-” The Alpha sputtered when he was hit with a face full of popcorn.
“Make love to me now.” Castiel leaned his head to the side bearing his neck to Dean, “my Alpha, my mate, my fiancé.”
“This way!” The Alpha pushed open one of the less dilapidated doors and tugged Castiel inside. He shoved it closed and doubled over for a moment to catch his breath.
Castiel’s breath hitched as he languidly started to move. Cas smiled down at him, the look he gave Dean was one of adoration, tenderness, devotion, and love. He let his eyes fall shut as he placed kisses along Dean’s throat, thrusting in and out of him. His pace increased with Dean’s pleas of more, harder, and faster. The sounds of skin slapping skin filled the room, mixing with moans and groans along with the smell of sex.
“Gods, Cas,” Dean’s breath caught at the feel of his Omega’s hardness brushing alongside his. The Alpha dipped a second finger into Castiel’s wetness as he whispered in his mate’s ear, “Take us both in your hand, baby, and make us come.”
Satisfied, Dean turned back to the screen, feeling warm and happy as the scent of cinnamon and apples filled the house.
Sam nodded in agreement as they both slid into the car.
want to go there?”
Lights strobed red and pink, lasers of green and blue bounced around the walls as music pulsed through the air. The dance floor was slightly sunken and awash with a soft orange light. A dry ice machine worked overtime to keep up the illusion of fog rising up from the floor.
.” He smirked as he knelt down into the earth next to the Omega and shifted, bumping their shoulders together. “Just try not to get too jealous of my weeding prowess.”
Dean wanted to walk back with him so he’d ensure he would see Cas’ face when his mate laid eyes on the surprise he’d been working on all day. And, okay, maybe he was hoping that if he left early enough he would catch a glimpse of his Omega dancing across the frozen pond.
Dean snorted and plopped down into the grass, crossing his legs and plucking a strand up between his fingers.
Dean brushed his lips gently against Cas’, pulling back to met his mate’s lust blown gaze. Seeing nothing but pure need, he leaned back in and captured Cas’ lips once more, pressing harder this time, asserting his dominance. The Alpha ran his tongue along Cas’ bottom lip, nipping it sharply until the Omega submitted and opened for him. Dean took that opportunity to let his tongue dip in and plunder Cas’ mouth. The Omega wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck and threaded his fingers through his Alpha’s hair, moaning as he felt Dean’s tongue sweep across the roof of his mouth.
“Ketch is my friend.” He smiled over at the man. “He may be a new friend but he’s quickly becoming a very good one.”
“Such a gentleman,” Castiel cooed, winking as he walked past his mate.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel gave the alpha a small smile as Dean stepped aside so he and Ketch could enter the room.
Castiel smiled as Dean pulled a large fluffy, beige blanket out of the old wicker picnic basket he swiped from the linen closet. Castiel tried to get a quick peek inside, but Dean shut the lid quickly, smirking at him knowingly.
Dean flung open the door, ignoring the concerned look on Sam’s face as he shouldered past him. The bathroom reeked of a combination of alpha melancholy and anger; he had no doubt his brother could smell it, but that sure as hell didn’t mean he wanted to talk about it. In fact, he’d rather chew off his own arm than have a heart-to-heart with Sam right now.
. They have this aura about them, it draws us to them, makes us want to sing to them.”
! He should trust me with his life. I’m his brother, and yet I knew nothing of his feelings for Dean. Why?” He met Jo’s eyes. “Why did he cut me out like that? We promised to walk the path together, to follow God’s plan for us
“Heya, Cas.” Dean smiled back as the omega brushed past him.
He felt something weird twisting in his gut, something new… and he almost laughed at himself that now he would have something to write in Doctor Shurley’s journal other than his thoughts about Dean…
The Alpha growled as a fresh wave of slick pulsed from his mate, drenching his lips and chin. He drank it greedily, loving the sweet tang of Dean’s juices. Cas’ cock hung hard and heavy between his legs, the head covered in precome and his knot begining to swell slightly. He rolled his hips against the bed while he ate Dean out like a starving man at a all you can eat buffet. He wanted so so badly to bury his thick cock in his mate’s sopping wet hole, to fuck him until his knot popped and he painted Dean’s insides, but there was no way was he going to stop until his Omega was begging him to, begging him to
“Okay,” Dean whispered back, nodding his head. “Okay, I got you, Cas.” He reached behind, slipping two finger’s into Castiel’s slick-soaked hole, groaning at the sudden wet heat surround his fingers. Castiel moaned loudly, another gush of slick pulsing out, coating Dean’s fingers as he twisted them deeper.
“I want—” Castiel panted and dropped forward resting his forehead against his Alpha’s. “I want you to eat me out, Dean.” Castiel nipped at his Alpha’s bottom lip. “Lick me open, get me ready for the fat knot of yours, get me ready for when you claim me.
“Clearance section?” he asked, and Sam nodded, smiling in understanding as he saw Castiel’s items. Dean shook his head and placed his basket at his brother’s feet. “They keep this up, Ellen will have them do all of our shopping for us. I’m going to grab a cart, I’ll be right back.”
“You know,” Cas paused with his head tilted in thought, “I know the car I want, too.”
Castiel withdrew his fingers slowly, crawling up the length of Dean’s body and finding his lips in a soft kiss. Dean groaned into his mouth, letting his lips fall open and accepting the wet heat of Cas’ tongue as it swept into his mouth. He shifted beneath him, drawing his legs up on either side of Cas’ hips, groaning when he felt Castiel, hot and hard against his entrance.
The Siren moved back, his hands scrambled for his necklace, quickly undoing it and refastening it around the Alpha’s throat with the same amount of urgency. He pressed his hand to the black pearl as he whispered, “Please save him. I wish to save my mate.”
“Nope,” Gabriel shook his head. “Gadreel is a puppy compared to some of the others.” He flopped down in Castiel’s nest and smirked at the other Alpha. “And just wait til you meet our father.”
“Cool, okay, alright, so,” Dean cleared his throat, “If we have kids will they be shifters, or have the possibility of being shifters?”
“That’s more like it,” Cas grinned as Dean looked up and met his eyes. “That was the reaction I was hoping for.”
“NO!” Abigail cried out. “I love him!”
Memories of the first time he had walked down here swam to the forefront of his mind.
The Omega gasped and flinched when he felt warm knuckles grazing up his spine. He turned to his right to see his Alpha standing there. “Dean,” the Omega gave him a small smile, “what are you still doing here? You should go with Gabriel. I will find you after I explain everything to my father.”
Through the efforts of the Kansas State National Guard, local, state and federal law enforcement, and numerous anonymous tips over the last six months, the largest rescue operation to discover, dismantle, and liberate the children in God’s Playground was successful. Across the country, federal and state law enforcement were able to liberate ten of the twelve remaining compounds. Frederic Lehne or “Azazel” of Boston, Massachusetts, and Sebastian Roche or “Balthazar” of Las Vegas, Nevada, are the only remaining Apostles.
“That’s right.” A pleased rumble sounded from Dean. “Oh, Sweetheart, I’m getting ready to make you feel real fuckin’ incredible.” Dean slipped his fingers free from Cas’ body, watching the Omega's pucker flutter and clench around nothing. “Oh, baby, look how eager you are, your hole wants to be filled so bad. How about we fill it? Would you like that?”
Lucifer pressed himself as close to Castiel as he could, unable to mask the look of horror as he stared at the three teenagers in the house. He knew, from the Singer’s conversation while they were driving, that Dean was sixteen and the Alpha was technically an adult in God’s eyes, but Jo and Sam were definitely not of age yet. They were
Dean chuckled and swatted Castiel’s ass, urging him forward. “Go on then, I just have to find my phone…” Dean located where his jeans had been kicked and he fished his phone from the back pocket, following after Castiel who was already in the kitchen with his head in the fridge.
“It is,” Cas whispered as he leaned into his mate’s touch. “It,” the Omega hummed as he searched for the right words to explain it, “fills me with a sense of euphoria and inspiration. My heart pumps and the cold air stings my face as the ice rushes beneath my feet. It’s a vast frozen canvas where dreams are etched and my worries swept away. I love how the ice makes me feel powerful and happy, makes me feel like I’m flying.”
“Is that mausoleum you were talking about?” Castiel asked as he pointed to the right towards a weathered stone structure, not even fifty yards from where they stood.
When Castiel started stifling a yawn behind his hand, Dean stopped rocking them and gave him a small nudge. “It’s getting late, I should let you get settled.” Dean stood and reached over Cas for the plates. “I really appreciate you making me dinner, Cas. It was delicious and I had a great time hanging out with you tonight.”
“Yeah, right,” Castiel snorted and shoved Ketch’s shoulder. “Tell that to the bags I had under my eyes that next day.”
“St-stop! Alpha, Alpha, stop please!” The Omega gasped as Dean flicked his tongue along the slit before raising up.
“That I am, Alpha.” Cas moved a little closer and leaned up, his breath ghosting over Dean’s cheek. “So, what’s your next move?”
“Yes it would,” Dean agreed. “But I would much rather claim you in our nice comfortable bed, rather than the couch or the floor. How about this, “Dean stood up and held out his hand, “I’ll light a fire in the fireplace in our bedroom.”
“Dean’s too,” Mary chuckled, “especially pie.” She smiled at her eldest son as she picked up a dessert plate. “What kind do you want first?”
Atlantis did have a darker side, and wherever it was, it had his mate.
Dean snorted and pushed off the counter. “You at Mom and Dad’s yet or still at your dorm?”
Castiel let out a small chuckle of his own at his mate’s response before rising up, leaning over the table, and wrapping his aunt into a hug. “Thank you,” he whispered into her ear before pressing a kiss to her cheek and sitting back down.
good,” Dean promised in a low timber. “Tell me what you want my Omega.”
The Alpha groaned as more slick squirted from his mate, covering his mouth and dripping down his chin. He lapped at it like a man dying of thirst, getting drunk on the heavenly flavor of his Omega. The taste and scent had Dean’s dick throbbing, pulsing and dripping precome on the bed. It was taking every ounce of willpower he had not to ram his cock deep inside his mate and fuck him like a wild animal.
Dean stared at him, mesmerized by his bright bright blue eyes and when the luscious scent of lemon blossoms and Tupelo honey filled the car, his heart rate ratcheted up. A small smirk spread across the Omega’s lips. “Well,
to be my friend, or owed me something, just because of our biology,” Dean finished, shaking his head again. “So, I didn’t tell him. I… Sam knows. And Jo, too.”
“Cas, hey.” Dean looked over at Castiel who was squeezing his hand in a bone crushing grip. “Care to ease up, my fingertips are turning blue.”
“Ellen…” Dean groaned again, his voice muffled from his arms. “Come on…”
.” He wiggled his hips and hissed, “It feels much more different than your fingers did.”
“About time.” Sam shouldered past him, sporting the biggest bitch face he’d seen since the time he’d accidentally washed all of Sam’s whites with a red sock.
“But a
“No!” Dean growled at The Reaper as he stepped in front of his mate. “You can’t have him.”
“Agreed,” Gabriel concurred as he rubbed his hands together. “Now who’s ready for dessert?”
“Okay, Alpha,” Cas gasped as Dean nosed at his balls. The Omega gently pushed the Alpha back as he turned over onto his knees and dropped forward, ass in the air, offering himself to his wolf. After a moment of nothing happening, he peeked over his shoulder to see the Alpha just sitting there, watching him keenly.
“I agree,” The Omega shifted to kiss his mate. Slick and come dribbled out past Dean’s knot, and ran down his legs in hot streaks. Cas quirked his brow at his Alpha. “You made quite the mess of me.”
“Great,” Sam groaned, “what do I have to do now? Go find the gateway to hell? Look for Satan? Invite him to come have a drink with us?”
“I know,” Dean muttered as he glanced over to Castiel and Ketch who were now dancing beside the group of guys they were wanting to get a closer look at.
“At all.” Lucifer sighed. “Omega’s are
Although her parents had always had foster kids throughout her childhood, Alfie, Hannah, and Kevin never felt like
“No way,” came Sam’s reply. “I’m totally going to be the cool uncle. I’ll buy the pup books and take him or her to museums.”
So why was the Alpha just standing there doing nothing?
“All yours, Alpha.” Cas purred and licked his lips.
Dean was frozen to the spot staring at his mate; the closer he got, the more the Alpha was drawn to his blue eyes. Sure, he’d known they were blue when he’d gotten a brief peek at them as the Omega had whizzed by on the ice, but now that he could really see them, they were
“I… with how angry you were last night, not that I’m complaining, but,” Castiel looked his father squarely in the eyes, his own filled with curiosity as he asked, “what made you change your mind?”
“Yes,” Rowena nodded. “If you want to experience life on land, I can do it.”
“Me either,” Dean whispered, leaning back as Castiel kissed the bolt of his jaw and climbed up onto his lap. Dean let his hands fall on Cas’ hips, finding his mate’s lips as he laid down on the blanket.
“Cas, I was going to tell you, I swear to you I was. But I just… I didn’t want to freak you out and I did--”
Mac’n cheese.”
He carried everything he needed around the back of Castiel’s house, noticing the Omega kneeling on the ground on the other side of the porch. Dean walked over to him and sat down in the grass. Castiel looked up at him and smiled, effectively melting away what was left of Dean’s nerves, and Dean smiled back as he flipped the stool over and started working on it.
But today was the day.
“Looks like he likes you.” Castiel grinned at the sappy look his Alpha was giving Finn as he petted him. The Omega laid his head on Dean’s shoulder and ran his fingers through the short fur along Finn’s back.
“You know I haven’t,” Cas grinned and reached up cupping Dean’s cheek. “I was holding out, kinda hoping when it did happen it would be with you.”
“Oh!” Gabriel exclaimed, drawing everyone’s attention back to him. “And let’s not forget tonight’s festivities. The castle is absolutely bustling this morning to prepare for the banquet in your honor tonight, Castiel. You know,” Gabriel clicked his tongue, “the one for completing your Rite.”
“What about the eggnog pie?” Dean blurted out, internally cringing for ruining such a sweet moment.
And if they didn’t deserve to be punished…
“Not a chance in hell.” Dean returned Castiel’s smile. “You’re all mine,
“That makes two of us,” Cas admitted as he brought Dean’s wrist up to his lips kissing them gently. “Every damn day I wake up, I follow the same routine, the whole time trying to ignore the huge void in my chest where my heart used to be.” The Omega sighed as he sank back on his haunches. “I’m still hurt and I can’t forgive you overnight. It will take time, Dean. But I would rather spend that time trying to make things work with you than living in this empty existence I call my life.”
Inside they stripped off their thick coats, beanies, scarves, mittens, and boots before Dean stepped up behind Cas and covered his eyes with his hands.
“It’s my time,” Castiel whispered as he gnawed on his bottom lip.
There was a large part of him that wanted to know what it had been like to be held by Dean, cared for in such a way. Back at God’s Playground, they would say a prayer for you, take care of you whenever you were ill. But it was always in a clinical way. He couldn’t help but wonder what it had been like to be comforted by Dean, to be held close to him... Somehow, he knew the Alpha would have been sweet and gentle. He only wished he could have remembered it.
That seemed to appease the cat and he moved further up Dean’s back and began to nuzzle the side of the Alpha’s head. Dean flinched as he felt the cool key rub against his cheek. It would be so easy for him to just reach up and take it...
,” Sam replied and Dean could hear a touch of fondness in his tone, making the Alpha smile.
“Mate me, claim me, breed me,” Castiel panted after Dean pulled back, leaving him breathless.
“Was it worth it?” Castiel asked, a teasing edge in his tone.
A cloak of pure ivory covered everything as far as his eyes could see. The small crystal flakes slowly fell as Dean walked further into the woods, a smile spreading across his face as he took in the sights around him. Snow glimmered like a starry night in the sunlight, the bare trees were covered in the glittering white powder, and iridescent icicles hung from the branches, almost glowing as the sun caught them at just the right angle. It truly looked like a winter wonderland, and that thought made the Alpha’s smile grow.
“This looks familiar,” Lucifer cut in as soon as Dean opened his mouth to continue.
Then, the anxiety set in. Would Mr. and Mrs. Singer see it the same way as the nurses and doctors? Would they see him and Lucifer as victims? Would they think the way they had lived was wrong and try to change them? To take their beliefs from them?
“You break it, you buy it!” John shouted, a tone of amusement in his voice.
Dean gave a small laugh and shook his head. “I didn’t want to push you, Cas. I didn’t want to tell you we were true mates and have you feel like you had to just… I don’t know, bend to my every whim! I’m just Dean, and you’re just Cas, and I wanted to get to know you. I would’ve wanted that even if we weren’t true mates. I… the other feelings…” Dean felt himself flush and he picked at the end of his shoe lace, splitting the plastic around the tip. “I would be lying if I said I didn’t have feelings for you. Because… I…” Dean shook his head and cleared his throat. “I would be happy to be your friend, Cas. I would never push you for anything you didn’t want. And if you want to hate me? If you don’t want me to be around you? I will do my best to respect that, okay?”
One thing was for sure, Dean got his answer to the question he’d asked himself earlier…
Castiel stopped dead on the doorstep as the blistering cold gave way to a pine paneled room the color of rich honey. His eyes immediately landed on the fireplace, the cherry hardwood floors on each side held potted poinsettias. The omega continued to study the stone structure, noticing the fresh garland twined with golden lights that lay across the large mantel. It made the romantic in him sigh as the small fire crackled and popped. His gaze followed the stone all the way up to the peak of the vaulted ceilings before glancing back down to the chestnut colored French doors, also surrounded by garland, that gave way to a wrap around balcony with a hot tub. Not to mention a breathtaking view of the surrounding snow covered mountains. Castiel enjoyed the view for a few moments before his eyes fell to the farthest right corner of the room. There wedged between the double doors and the fireplace sat a fat blue spruce, decorated with glittering pine cones, bright colorful chasing lights, and strings of popcorn and cranberries.
There isn’t an inch of space between the two of them as Ketch nuzzled himself into the side of Cas’ hair, and Dean realized the alpha knew exactly what he was doing. In fact, he could practically feel his ego from there. Dean could just imagine what the slimeball was purring in Castiel’s ear in that stupid, snobbish accent of his.
“Fuck, Alpha,” Cas gasped as he wrapped his legs around Dean’s waist, his head dropping back and hitting the door with a thud. “Bed,” the Omega groaned and his eyes rolled back into his head when he felt the sharp sting of Dean’s bite on the meaty part of his shoulder, just shy of drawing blood.
“No,” Cas purred contentedly as he burrowed against his mate’s side. “I just want to snuggle with you.”
“Well, yeah.” Cas took Dean by the hands. “Remember in the third grade when I skinned my knee falling off of my bike and you kissed it and told me it was all better?” Dean nodded as Cas continued, “That kiss definitely made it hurt a lot less.” He leaned back in and placed a few more tender kisses on the bruised skin before looking up into Dean’s eyes. “Better yet?”
Dean bit his bottom lip as he reached over and took his mate’s hand in his. “A whole hell of a lot.”
Castiel blood pulsed his in veins, his skin felt like fire was licking against it. He knew the only way to cool this inferno raging within him was with his Alpha’s touch, his bite, his seed. As the flames claimed him from the inside out, he undulated in Dean’s lap as he continued crooning the lyrics to his song of seduction. His breath hitched and he faltered slightly when he felt his cock slide against his Alpha’s.
“Good. Now,” Dean untwined their hands and patted him on the shoulders, “let me check that lump on your head and put some more ointment on your back before we get you home to Gabe. I’m sure he’s worried sick about you.”
“Piss poor Alpha,” Crowley scoffed. “Once again it’s all up to me.” Crowley muttered a few words, his brows furrowed when nothing happened. He cleared his throat and tried again.
“You have no idea, from Thanksgiving to New Years.” Cas shifted in his seat, watching the Alpha move around the kitchen. “Is there anything I can do to help?”
“If you don’t mind,” Castiel moved back and hopped up onto the work bench, “I will stay and watch you awhile. You know,” he let his eyes roam over Dean’s sweat soaked shirt, “you would be a lot cooler if you took that off.”
“Well, I’ll be damned,” Dean murmured as Castiel reached over and took his mate’s hand, leading them toward the city.
“Oh,” Ellen hummed as she took in the information. “Well, we do things a little different in our house. We eat as a family,” she picked up the platter that had sliced turkey on it and held it out to Castiel, “and we would really like it if you ate with us, too.”
“Gross, still here guys.” Gabriel mock gagged. “So no making out with me in the room.”
When they got to the kitchen, Castiel worked on putting away the leftovers, Dean started in on the dishes, rinsing all of their plates and loading up the dishwasher. The Omega pulled out the tupperware dish Dean had left for him a few weeks ago and filled it full of leftovers for Dean to have for lunch tomorrow. Once he was finished with that he retrieved the tiramisu from the fridge and placed it on the island.
What if Castiel didn’t like his gift? It was one thing to appreciate bees, to find them interesting, and a whole other thing to actually own and take care of them. What if Castiel thought Dean was stupid? Dean knew Cas wouldn’t never come out and say it, but he was getting good at reading Castiel’s nearly non-existent facial expressions.
Sam rolled his eyes but dropped off the glasses, coming back with a stack of napkins, the salt and pepper shaker, and the butter dish. They set out the place settings in companionable silence, Dean smiling when the sound of Jo humming to Queen in the kitchen reached his ears.
“You sure it won’t hurt him?” Dean asked, bending down to check it out closer.
Instead, he prayed. He prayed for their Father, Metatron, for the Apostles, for their brothers and sisters, and he prayed for God to give him strength.
to shut that cult down, Cas.
Castiel nodded and Ellen winked at him, following Bobby out of Dean’s room. At the door, she stopped and turned back around. “Rules haven’t changed, door open.”
“Of course,” Dean smiled, nuzzling Cas’ neck. “I am so excited. I love you so much.”
expect them to be followed.”
“I would love to be a night owl. I love nights, its when I feel most alive. But,” Dean blew out a breath, “my job requires me to be a morning person…
Castiel nodded slowly and Dean gave him what he hoped was a reassuring smile. He reached to the center of the table and pulled over a large, blue bowl of macaroni and cheese. “Make sure you try some of this. Ellen makes
“Cas told me.”
“I’ve lost him,” Cas says.
“What in the hell?”
Dean had felt happier and lighter than he ever had before.
“Come on, Cas, open up!” Sam shouts, knocking on the door again. He checks the handle to find that it’s unlocked. He’s not as close to Cas as Dean, but he feels like he knows the guy well enough to let himself into his small townhouse. The guy may be nerdy, but working as a professor at the local University sure does pay well.
“Angels and demons,” Eileen says.
“You don’t seem to have minded,” Dean replied. “Find anything good?” Jo smiled, and reached over the basket of cassettes she was looking through, picking up a vinyl record with a dark cover. Dean’s eyes went wide.
?” Sam asks.
A walk around the lake with Miracle.
When they get back to the bunker, things go back to normal. Well, as normal as can be. Eileen stays with them for a while, her and Sam spending lots of time in his room. Dean takes Miracle on lots of walks and one day even takes Sam to a nearby lake that he likes. It has become a new favourite spot for the two of them, Dean often spending hours near the water, Miracle by his side.
“During a Harvest Moon.”
“So we find something else,” Dean says.
“Jo!” Charlie squealed as she wrapped her arms around the blonde. “I didn’t know you were coming!”
“Nor could I,” said Cas, looking at Jack in confusion. Jack shrugged.
He turned around with tears forming in his eyes. “Hey Cas,” he said and he took in the sight of the angel in front of him. Castiel was smiling with a sadness in his eyes he understood all too well.
“So, what? We find the ingredients you used when you went to Apocalypse world?” Eileen asks. “But, there aren’t any archangels.”
“That would be nice. Thank you, Sam. You’re a good friend.”
“Ha, you’re funny,” said Jo. “You say that like you’re going alone.”
“Everything’s going to be okay, honey.” Charlie’s voice is quiet and kind. It’s almost enough to comfort Cas. Almost.
Sam furrows his eyebrows.
, Sam thinks,
Sam looks to Eileen and back to Dean, waiting for his brother’s reaction. Dean is still, very still, and Sam can tell that it’s taking everything in Dean to hold himself together.
A minute passed. Then a minute more. He looked around at the serene calm surrounding him. “Come on Cas,” he whispered. And then he heard it.
“Hey,” he says, speaking without thinking. “Isn’t that Dean’s?”
Dean, and Dean chose Cas, even if he was too much of a coward to tell the world just how much he loved that angel faced nerd.
, and Gabriel is Sam’s best friend and if I accidentally tell Gabriel then he will tell Sam and that’s not fair. I don’t care how much he hurt me, he doesn’t deserve that. Nobody does.”
“It was still a part of him,” Eileen says and Sam understands.
“Alrighty then,” said Charlie. “What now? Any leads?”
“Heh, shit,” he says out loud to the empty room. “I haven’t done this in a long time,” he continues, as though the act of talking out loud will help psych himself up.
“Well done, Samuel,” Rowena smiles. “The next one is in, oh, eight days.”
“I want to spend the rest of my life loving you, Dean Winchester. If you’ll have me, I want to do it by your side, holding your hand as we walk Miracle, kissing you good morning despite your awful morning breath,” - that earns a chuckle from their audience- “pretending I like Led Zeppelin more than I actually do,” -and that earns a protested “Hey!” from Dean, a chuckle from Sam, and an understanding nod from Jack- “practicing my baking skills until I make the perfect pie… all of it. I want all of it with you.”
Dean leaves his room. He does not want to talk about Cas.
“I swear this is turning into a madhouse with all you kids here,” Bobby muttered.
, Dean!”
he can deal with.
Dean slowed the impala to a stop at the edge of a wide, open field. He turned off the engine and took a deep breath. The window was down, and he could feel the gorgeous spring breeze brushing against his skin, the sun warm and comforting. He could hear insects buzzing all around, bird song carried through the sky. He smiled. Yes, he thought. This is perfect.
“Sam?” he shouted.
“Me?” Dean says, startled. “Nothing, I’m fine. I’m fantastic.”
created it, we poured our love, our souls, and sweat and tears into it and if
He grabs on tighter, clutching at Charlie’s clothes as though everything would fall apart if he couldn’t get as close to her as possible.
, he thinks. Even for Dean, that is a
of my life, it is an honour to be able to exist in your orbit. Knowing you has been the biggest pleasure of my life. Simply standing here, getting to exist next to you... It would be more than enough to make me happy until the end of time. But getting to be with you, to hold your hand, to look into your eyes, to exist with you, that is more than I could have ever dreamed.” Cas is well into his speech now, and Dean definitely does
“No it’s not,” Cas mumbles. “It’s not going to be okay. I fucked everything up and now he probably hates me for leaving him, pushing him away.”
Dean didn’t get emotional very often, but when he did, it was for good reason.
“So what’s up?” he says, his voice chipper. “What’s the hot goss?” Sam shakes his head. Yep, typical. He doesn’t know why he expected anything else but for Dean to completely ignore the last few weeks.
It was truly wonderful, beyond the capabilities of his imagination, a thing of true bliss.
“We made that,” Dean whispered.
“Did you hear what he called our masterpiece?” Dean said, shouting now. “Abomination?! I’ll show him an abomination, that long haired bastard.”
“It’s not that easy Dean,” said Cas. “This pattern, this is too ritualistic to be the group of faeries in general. I think we’re dealing with a specific person.”
“Shouldn’t have been so late, you lose your watch or something?”
“Idjits.” They all looked up to Bobby. “I ain’t going. Try not to get yourself killed or trapped in the Seelie Court. If you die, I’ll have a lot of cleaning up to do.”
The weight lifts a little more, every moment he’s with her he’s a little more free.
“When?” he asks, but Dean shoots him a glare that answers that question. “So what made the Empty let Jack go?”
“Cal Stevens, aged seven,” Dean said, the list of names memorised. “Elijah Baker, aged nine. Jacob Watkins, thirty-five. Those were the first three to go missing, no relation. After that the pattern repeated. Two kids, one adult. All male.”
“Charlie,” Dean said with a smile, giving her a one armed hug. “What are you doing here?”
“But what about the weird runes we’ve been seeing around. They’ve got to be connected.” Dean was getting frustrated. There had been no killings - yet - but something weird was going on for sure.
Dean shook his head, trying to wake himself. “No,” he cried. “You’re gone, and you’re never coming back,” he told the figure, but Mary was looking out across the lake, her face troubled. The sky had turned an ominous grey, the sun had retreated against heavy, dark clouds that had suddenly appeared.
“Not you too.” Dean groaned, shaking his head as they turned onto the road leading up to Bobby’s. It was lined with an assortment of busted up cars, some still in working order, some missing wheels, doors, engines, falling apart into a rusty brown heap.
“I know,” Cas says simply. “Today was the best day of your life.” Dean shoves him teasingly. “You know it’s true. Everyone you have ever loved, all in one room. Everyone happy, no pain…” He pauses. “Except when Crowley decided it would be a good idea to try karaoke.”
“It’s Sam,” Dean said, checking his phone. He clicked the answer button. “Sam, what’s up? Where are you, man?”
“Yes, Dean?”
Dean thanked the cashier profusely and headed outside with his brand new old record swinging in a plastic bag on his wrist.
“It’s beautiful,” Dean said, his voice catching in his throat.
Dean snapped his head up, his face dark, ready to attack.
“Like I said, not every body sticks. She’ll keep taking people until her family has been revived in the strongest body possible.”
“You really mean it?” Cas whispered. Dean nodded his head fervently.
He rolls his eyes at himself.
“And when is that?” Eileen asks.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay,” he says. “Just checking.”
“I mean,” Cas continued, “it is just a pie, honey.”
Sam stands outside of Castiel’s front door, hands shoved into his pockets, waiting for Cas to answer. He can hear the television on, low, rumbling sounds reverberating through the walls.
He rushes forwards and reaches towards Dean. Dean jumps at Sam’s touch and starts to pull away when he realises he has been caught, but Sam climbs onto the bed behind him and pulls him tight.
“Human, yes,” Rowen says, confirming Dean’s suspicions. “And this time there is no going back. He won’t simply be tearing it out. His grace needs to be destroyed, for good, and he needs to do it willingly.”
“There are plenty of guys out there like him,” Charlie says.
Dean rests his elbows on his knees, leaning forwards. He plays with his hands between his legs, twisting the silver ring on his right hand.
“If we’re gonna do this? If we’re really going to look for a way to bring Cas back, I’m gonna need a beer. Or three.”
“This is the one thing that can’t be fixed,” Dean mumbles into Sam so quietly Sam barely heard him.
“Until the end of time.”
“Yeah,” Dean breathes. “So, a case?” He sits forwards, bringing his feet to the floor, resting his elbows on the table.
“It’s a
Dean nods as he gets up and moves towards the refrigerator where he takes out a bottle of Heineken. He pops the cap and takes a swig.
, you can take it. You would never leave me. And then you did.” Dean stops talking as his voice breaks. This is the first time he’s let himself really think about what happened between him and Cas, the first time he’s let himself think about the way he feels.
“They’re Celtic - these runes - and very old. I… I don’t know why this group of faeries would be here.”
, and happy, and pure.
For the most part, everyone was excited to stay on Earth, give living another go. Not many people get a chance at a redo, and this would be the last time anyone would ever come back. But Jack didn’t want to force people to come back. He had explained it would be unfair, especially after he understood how painful and difficult it had been for Mary that first time.
The first day after Chuck is defeated is a good one. They’re free. They’re finally free. For the first time in years Sam feels like he can finally breathe.
Jack shrugged. “It’s just what Sam said.” Dean rolled his eyes.
From across the room Sam could not believe what was happening.
“We don’t have to
of you. The good, the bad…” He trails off, a small smile growing on his face. He looks down, away from Dean, and lets out a small huff of laughter. “Yes I may have been misguided at times, made some bad choices.” His eyes reach Dean’s again. “But I did everything for you. All I ever wanted was a better world for you, Dean Winchester. I wanted to create a world that you would be proud of.” Dean squeezes Cas’s hands even tighter.
“I don’t know Sammy,” Dean shouts, hands thrown in front of him. He takes a moment to breathe, closing his eyes, clenching his fist. “I don’t know,” he says again, quiet this time, fist knocking the table in front of him. “It’s not like we have any archangel grace anyway…”
That’s too much to bare.
Dean shook his head. “What do you mean?” Mary didn’t answer, just looked back towards the lake. He looked after her towards the distant shore where a small ripple was starting to form. It got bigger and bigger until suddenly it had formed into a kind of wave. It lifted out of the previously still lake, a huge shapeless beast pushing the wave towards him. He threw up his hands—
you are offending,” Dean says, not one ounce of his voice hinting at sarcasm.
The air feels cleaner, the weight on Sam’s shoulders lightened. It’s even easier to breathe than before. He longs to reach out and hold her in his arms, but there will be time for that. They have all the time in the world.
A wide, brilliant smile took over his face. Oh how he had longed to hear those words just one more time.
He was part of this glorious orchestra, all of the notes combining to create a serene melody.
“Okay,” he says slowly. “Good morning to you, too.”
“Dean,” he says, his voice soft. “How are you?” he asks, immediately knowing it was the wrong thing to say. He hasn’t seen Dean in days, the last time they were in the same room together his brother had been inconsolable. The last time Sam had heard him speak? That was longer ago than he can remember. It’s good to hear his voice. Maybe this means things are going to get better, that Dean is on his way to being healed. Maybe.
“Well, that’s fucking fantastic,” Dean says. “No really, that gives us
“The rest of the ingredients are quite simple,” Rowena tells them. “But the spell can only be performed when the connection between worlds is at its weakest, when the ether is more malleable.
He had been in Heaven for a few days now. Bobby was right, time did work differently up here. It had felt like home right away, peaceful and calm. There was no rush to do anything; he had all the time in the world.
“Ah, he’ll be fine,” Dean said, waving a hand in the air. “Besides, he’s got the most badass hunter as a brother to go rescue him.”
Dean pulled out his phone and opened his photos app, scrolling back to two days ago to find the pictures he took of the strange markings he’d found near the places the vics were last seen. He passed his phone over to Cas and watched him squint at the screen. One of the runes, the one that showed up most often, looked like a curved X overlapping a V. The other, this one had only showed up a couple of times, looked like a spiral, but with a few lines protruding from the circular drawing, almost like spikes.
“This shows signs of a specific type of faerie. They’re a Welsh lake dwelling faerie. They’re also known as Gwragedd Annwn, the Tylwyth Teg. In English you’d call them Lake Maidens.”
“Fine,” Bobby said, in mock resignation, speaking up for the first time since Sam called. “I’ll stay.” Dean rolled his eyes.
“Sam,” he says, relieved. “I didn’t hear you come in.”
That first day they take some time for themselves. They sleep. A lot. They eat, drink some beer. They go for a drive and feel the breeze on their skin.
He stared at his brother and his best friend/brother’s boyfriend mouth hanging open, eyebrows furrowed together.
He could feel Castiel standing next to him. With the warmth of Cas pressed up against him and the sight in front of them, Dean was surprised that his overflowing of love hadn’t spilled out of his body and into the physical world.
So he keeps his emotions bottled up, locked away, never to see the light of day.
“Shhh.” Charlie tries to calm him.
After the events of 15x19 Sam and Dean begin to move on with their lives.
“No. Way.” His mouth dropped open. “He’s only one of the best classic rock writers to ever live.” He snatched the album from her and turned it over in his hands. On the front was a bearded man with long hair, staring down at the camera. And there, across the top in a small blue font: ‘Night Moves’.
Donna is there too and she’s the first one to hug Eileen. She speaks to her in the little sign language she knows and Sam notices Eileen light up, her whole body becoming a little less tense.
But one day without seeing each other is more than enough time before they are talking face to face, Sam breaking down in sobs at only eight in the morning. She’s back.
Maybe that happens.
“I think the fact that we just got married in front of all of our loved ones, Dean, tells me how much you love me.”
“I didn’t expect you to react this way,” Cas tells her, not taking his eyes off the half empty bottle of beer he’s holding out in front of him. “Dean’s your best friend.”
“Everything I have done since the day I pulled you out of Hell has been done for you,” Cas begins. “
“And the locals have been no help,” said Jack. Dean’s head snapped up.
And now? Dean is alone. Again.
“You will never be ready to say goodbye to any of them,” Cas says. “I understand.”
Dean simply shrugs.
And woke up gasping, his heart slamming painfully against his ribs. Dean was in his bed in the Men of Letters bunker. The old lamp next to his bed was still on from the night previously, but the clock read 13:02. He hadn’t slept that late in a long time. When he sat up he noticed that his hair was slick with sweat. He hadn’t had a dream about his Mom in a long time, and they usually involved fire in some way. Water was new, and Dean didn’t know how to feel. He couldn’t help but feel like the dream was a warning in some way, but he pushed it from his mind. He was late to meet Jo.
“But—” Jack interjected.
“Actually,” Eileen says, accepting the change of topic more easily than Sam would have, “we’re looking for a spell.”
“I know, honey.”
“So where do we start?” Jo asked.
“Not exactly, no. It is legend that their souls consumes the bodies of the hosts, and the host bodies transform back into their original forms. And they don’t remember anything.”
“And you’re still so sure that it’s faeries doing this?”
Cas’s hand flies out to stop her from reaching for her phone.
Sure, they were cute, they were soppy, - and god forbid Dean ever find out that Sam saw his brother that way - it was all so adorable. And Sam would be happy for Dean, ecstatic, to see him so at peace.
“Quit celebrating while I’ve been kidnapped,” Sam said, irritated. “Get your ass down to Lake Miola and help me- shit, she’s coming back. Gotta go-.” And the line cuts.
“That is my
Listen, I wanted to write this fic for a bunch of fluffy dean/cas scenes but I also love the angst so I wanted to write that first which meant I had to write I which I never planned so I though, fuck it, why not throw in some flirty rowena/eileen action.
.” He shakes his head and walks over to his chair, falling into it. “I’m tired, man. I’m tired of making deals and losing people over and over. I thought…” He sighs. “I thought that when we beat Chuck, when we had a chance to be free, to truly make our own decisions and not be some puppets on some cosmic string-“ He punches the table. The three of them are silent, Dean stretching his hand. “I just want this to be over.”
Castiel stood, his mouth agape.
“I was worried when I didn’t see you at the bus stop,” he told Jo.
“And, if I remember correctly,” Cas cuts in, “this particular kind of faerie can’t lie, but they love to engage in creative truth-telling. They’ll find out whatever it is you want most in the world and give it to you— with a sting in the tail of the gift that will make you regret you ever wanted it in the first place.” Cas sighed. “They’re not really about helping people. More about harm disguised as help.”
“Thanks Dad,” she said, standing on her tippy toes to kiss his cheek. Bobby rolled his eyes and Dean laughed. Bobby liked to pretend that he was still the same old grouchy, emotionless man, but Dean knew that marrying Ellen had softened him up.
“I know, Dean.” He walks over and pats his brother’s shoulder. “I know.”
Six weeks after Chuck, Dean stops speaking. He stops walking Miracle, stops watching movies. He eats because Sam forces him, drinks because he wants to. He does research, for what Sam doesn’t know, and sits and stares as though waiting for something to appear. Sam realises now that he had been foolish to believe that everything would be okay. Life is never that simple for the Winchesters.
“We don’t know that,” Sam says. “Not for sure.”
“Heh,” Dean laughed. “Yeah, no one needed to experience that, no matter what they have done to deserve it.” They smiled at the memory of that evening, a drunken ex-King of Hell swaying on stage to a terrible rendition of Air Supply’s All Out of Love.
“Peachy,” Dean grumbles and Sam huffs a laugh. “Hey, Eileen.” Dean flashes a small smile her way and she smiles back, genuine and bright.
Dean’s face hardens, his eyes going dark. “Try me,” he says, clenching his jaw. He stares straight ahead, refusing to make eye contact. Sam can see his chest rising as he breathes, every moment a struggle.
“A spell to open a portal to different realms,” she explains. Sam holds his breath.
, he thinks.
Dean paces back and forth across his room in the Bunker, trying to talk himself out of it.
“Me too,” Jo said.
that?” Dean flinches, but Sam continues. “We can’t give up on him. We owe him to try. We have to try.” He emphasises every word.
“Hey man,” Sam says, entering his brother’s small kitchen. “I let myself in, hope that’s okay.”
“Always?” Dean asked coyly. He pressed another kiss to Cas’s lips.
“To leave the Empty in the first place will be a challenge,” Rowena says. “Even without needing to balance the spell, I doubt the Empty will be thrilled to let him go. The handsome angel needs to make a sacrifice of his own, and there’s only one way he’s getting out of there… again.”
“Fine,” he resigned. “I guess we’ll all go.”
Sam cries a bit too, the tears of relief escaping after holding in so much tension for so long. There had always been one thing after another. Another problem, another monster, another evil deity trying to take over the world.
Sam stayed with him that night, holding him close until the panic eased, and he drifted off to sleep. Sam didn’t sleep at all, instead allowing his own tears fall. Eileen had signed to him that she would see him in the morning sometime around midnight, so Sam had stayed, afraid to let go of his broken brother.
They pull over for gas around noon and that’s when Dean finds the dog. Miracle, he had called him back before the end of Chuck. Sam remembers seeing the dog when Jack brought everyone back, but seeing him again, for the third time in only a few days, it’s evident to the brothers that this dog is meant to be theirs. Miracle sits between the two of them, peering through the front window of the Impala, tongue lolling out of his mouth as they draw nearer to Eileen’s.
“Sam? I can’t hear you, man.”
“I love him like a brother, I really do,” Charlie continues, “but he’s treated you like shit for way too long.”
And Dean leans in again, kisses his husband with all the love and passion his body can muster. He wants to show Castiel just how much he is loved, cherished, valued. He wants to make his husband feel
Chapter Title -
“We did, indeed,” Cas replied.
“So Cas will be…”
“What, uh...” Dean starts quietly. He clears his throat. “What for?”
Anyway, thank you for reading! Chapter 3 coming soon!
“Maybe not,” Dean says.
Cas. It didn’t kill him.” Dean says nothing. “Well we were thinking,” pause, breathe, “maybe we can get him back.”
Dean snuggles into Castiel, his arm around Dean’s shoulders where they lie. Dean has no idea how
“And that’s not all.”
Not finding anything.
“Well, Cas does like things neat,” Dean said with a smile, thinking of his monk-like room at the bunker.
Dean reached down and took Cas’s hand, squeezing it tight.
They arrive at Jody’s the next day. As the three of them, and Miracle, pull up to the house they are greeted with love and warmth. Sam’s heart swells seeing his family alive and well. Claire has her arm around Kaia’s shoulders, Kaia giving them a little wave as they get out of the car. Patience and Alex give them bright smiles and Jody runs up to hug the two of them. When she gets to Dean Sam sees not only that she squeezes extra tight, but Dean holds onto her for a little longer too, almost reluctant to leave the hug.
“Well I don’t,” said Bobby, watching Jack out the corner of his eye as though the young Nephilim will be the next to start reorganising his home. “Organised chaos, that’s how I live my life.”
Sam shook his head and started to walk away, but not before he heard Dean splutter.
“You left it on my floor, it was fair game,” she said simply. “Besides, you’re late.”
“A- abomination?!” He almost squeaked and Sam simply laughed more.
“You’re it, Cas. You’re the love of my life.”
As he approached the figure suddenly became clear as if Dean had focused the lens of a camera. It was his mother, kneeling over a portable barbecue, flipping burgers over as they sizzled in the sunlight. She wore the same dress she had worn the day she died, her hair flowing behind her, golden and luscious in the sunlight.
“So, what then?” Eileen asks. “We need something that has been to the Empty, but as far as we know only Castiel and Jack have ever come back from there.”
He doesn’t deserve to feel the pain.
“I love round tables,” said Jack brightly. “They’re a much better shape than square.” He clicked his fingers and an enormous circular table surrounded by six high-backed wooden chair appeared squeezed into Bobby’s living room. Everyone jumped, and Bobby shouted out in shock as his possessions were pushed up against the walls.
“You can’t,” said Jack. “Everything comes from somewhere. These come from a n antiques store the next town over. And these” —suddenly six cups appeared on the table, four white paper cups steam rising gently from the holes in their plastic lids, two clear cups, filled paper straws sticking out the lids— “come from Full of Beans, that coffee shop near the bunker.”
“What?” says Sam. “How did I not know about this?”
“Yeah and regretted it so much it couldn’t wait to see him suffer,” says Dean. Sam frowns, wondering what Dean meant. He’s about to question it but Dean continues before Sam gets a chance. “You’re right, it’s going to put up a fight; the Empty will not want to let Cas go. So what do we need to do?”
Chapter Title -
Jo was supposed to be on the corner of Fleamont Street, next to the bus station, but she wasn’t. He felt a tug of anxiety before he remembered the used record store one street over. Sure enough, when he entered, there was Jo sorting through the cassettes in the new arrivals section.
“No,” he almost shouts. “You can’t- you…” The words get stuck in his throat.
“Then help me to.” Sam doesn’t know what’s going on in Dean’s head. He can’t begin to comprehend what made him feel the way he did, but he wants to. He wants to understand, to be there for him. And he knows it’s not easy for Dean to open up, he knows that for his brother it’s instinct to shut down when things get too difficult to face, he knows that it’s hard for Dean to use his words, to explain what he’s feeling… Hell, it’s near impossible for Dean to even
Cas rolled his eyes fondly, smiling slightly, and leaned over to place a quick peck on Dean’s lips.
“I miss them.” And that’s all there is. There’s peace, and there’s pain, and there’s a part of Sam’s family that will always be gone, but he knows more than anyone that there’s always a way to move on and be content, knowing that the pain will always be there, but one day it won’t feel so big.
“Well, I don’t like to brag,” Jo said with a smile.
Cas shakes his head. “There’s no one else like Dean.”
Mary smiled. “I’ve missed you too honey. But I’m not gone, you know. I’ll always be with you.”
“The Queen of the Maidens of the Lake, she had a husband and two sons. They were taken from her, slaughtered in front of her when she refused to give up her people, her kingdom. It twisted her soul into something dark, something vicious. But she got them back. She performed a ritual and transferred their souls into different bodies, but it doesn’t last long. Only the strongest bodies can host their souls, and even then, after ten years, they give out.”
Dean stands in front of his husband to be, hands joined tight between them. The Roadhouse has somehow been rebuilt - Dean reminds himself to thank the kid for that later - everyone he has ever loved sat in one room. Dean never imagined that something like this would even be possible. But here he was, standing before the person he loved the most in the world, ready to tell the whole world.
,” Dean says, “good.
“Faeries have gotten the drop on me before,” he pointed out. “You don’t know what they’re capable of.’
Sam knows Dean needs his space but that doesn’t make him any less worried for his brother. He’s sitting at the table with Eileen, reading through a book he found in the library that mentioned a spell that can open portals into different realms when Dean turns up. He doesn’t hear Dean at first, his brother having entered the room quietly from behind.
“And how do we direct the spell at the Empty?” Dean says. “It’s all well and good finding a spell, but if we don’t know how to open the Empty specifically, we’re basically shooting in the dark.”
“Well,” Sam says, “you said that the Empty
“Oh, come on, old man,” sad Jo. “What’s the big deal? I know Mom doesn’t like me hunting after that thing with the Hellhounds, but what’s a girl to do?”
He turns to where his brother is sat and sees an enormous pile of bacon, Dean slowly making his way through it, one strip at a time.
fan, so to walk into his house to find him deep into episode VI while, according to Charlie, he’s deep into his post-break up pity-party, is definitely a surprise.
“It will be very dangerous,” Cas said in a low voice. “It’s understandable if Dean thinks it will be irresponsible for you to go.”
But of course, Jack, kind and good as he is, had one surprise up his sleeve. Everyone that Sam and Dean and Cas had ever loved, had ever cared for, had been brought back. “Cosmic consequences be damned,” Jack had said with a bright smile. “This is how it is meant to be.”
“Dean, we could at least ask.”
“I love you Cas,” Dean moaned into the angel’s lips.
“I’m never going to get him back,” he says, staring right at Charlie, his voice monotone and low.
“You saying I couldn’t handle them?”
Another night in the Impala.
“Cosmic consequences be damned,” Dean quotes, “yeah, I remember.” He sighs. When they told their son that they would be getting married, Jack had told Cas and Dean that he wanted to do something for them, a gift, to make their wedding the best possible day in existence. He’d been away for a while, busy revamping Heaven. Changes were coming, they could all feel that.
“Beyond the fact that I think it’s faeries?” asked Dean. “I got nada.”
“Why would I have heard from Cas?” Dean snaps, his voice harsh.
There had been a very strange reunion between Sam and Jess, especially when he introduced Eileen into the mix.
So he doesn’t.
Sam stands there for a few moments, chest rising with every deep breath. He keeps his eyes locked on Dean’s, not giving in, not this time. Eventually it’s Dean that breaks the connection, his eyes flitting to the floor. He pinches the bridge of his nose.
it is, then
“Sure. What do you want to do? Do you want to go out? Get some fresh air?”
“That’s amazing,” Dean said, sliding into a chair. It was surprisingly comfortable. “I didn’t know you could do that.”
“I’m here now, Dean,” Cas said softly. “Though, no offence,” he said, leaning forwards slightly, “I had hoped it would have taken you a little longer to get here.”
“You heard from Cas today?” Sam asks his brother.
It wasn’t like Dean to get emotional, but this was different.
“I am going alone,” Dean said, his face straight.
At around eight in the morning he slipped out of Dean’s room and made himself some coffee. That was the day he started researching, scouring the books, Eileen by his side, searching for a way to bring Cas home.
“Cas,” Dean said, finishing his sentence. “Hey,” he said softly, noticing the small smile that played on the angel’s lips.
. But the pacing doesn’t stop. He sits down on his bed, pauses, and gets up. Dean moves across the room, as far away from his bed as he can get.
, that I think I owe you something, and that is the reason why I stay. You taught me how to love. You taught me how to care, how to be human.
, Sam thinks. He doesn’t know how he got so lucky. She catches his eye and he looks away, blushing, embarrassed to be caught staring.
“The man is helpful but he keeps trying to put away all my things, cleaning up. I can’t find anything. He’s compulsive,” Bobby tells Dean.
“Dean,” Cas says, his voice full of more warmth and love than Dean ever imagined he deserved. But he does. He deserves this. He deserves Cas. He leans towards his husband and their lips meet in the middle, soft and chaste but sure. A promise lingering between the two of them. A promise of tomorrow. A promise of every day after. They breathe each other in, eyes closed, content to exist in each other’s orbit.
“Cas!” Dean snapped, cutting him off. “That’s enough. Shit.” The group stood in silence for a moment, contemplating Castiel’s words. “Look,” said Dean, “what Cas is trying to say is that it’s easy to outsmart a werewolf or a vampire, they’re no smarter than anyone else. But faeries live for hundreds of years and they’re cunning.”
Two weeks in, Dean starts eating less. It takes Sam another week to notice. Eileen has moved home by this point, though they video chat every day. Sam plans on visiting her in a week or so, but one day he notices that Miracle is asking for his daily walk and Dean is nowhere to be seen. Sam finds him in the garage, passed out in the front of the Impala, an empty bottle of whisky at his side.
Peace.
“I’ll call him,” Jack said, getting out his phone. The group stood in silence for a few minutes, waiting for him to pick up, but they were greeted with the unmistakable sound of his voicemail. Hey. This is Sam. You know what to do. “Uh, hey Sam, it’s Jack. But you know that. Where are you? Call me back. Okay bye.”
“You are incredible,” Dean said heading up to the front of the store to buy his record.
“You’ll find someone else.”
“Uhm,” he said. He cleared his throat. “I don’t know how to begin. Whatever I say won’t feel like enough but, Cas, if you’re listening, if you can hear me…” He paused. “Castiel, I’d really like to see you.” He closed his eyes, held his breath. Damn, he really hoped he’d show.
“It’s okay, Dean,” Sam heard Cas say.
So Dean keeps on living. He doesn’t let himself feel that pain. He doesn’t deserve the luxury of falling apart.
, everything he’s lost while he’s in the shower, the hot water scalding his body, deafening the world around him. Maybe he sits on the floor as the water falls onto his skin, and maybe he sobs so hard his body rocks back and forth, allowing the anguish to be the lifeblood that pumps through his veins. Maybe he slams his fist into the wall, his knuckles speckled with red from the impact, and maybe Sam finds him that way when he comes to check up on him, jumping into the shower fully clothed, taking his older brother into his arms, letting him cling to him for as long as he needs.
Dean swallowed against the hard lump in his throat. “Mom—I've missed you, Mom."
“What, because we don’t care about Sam enough to go rescue him?” asked Jack.
“Maybe they’re just disappearances. Nothing… supernatural,” Charlie chimed in.
“You don’t have to say anything, Dean,” Cas interrupted. “I understand.”
feel his through tightening, a tear forming in his eye. Definitely not.
Rowena shows and together with Sam, Dean and Eileen, they find a way to bring Cas back from the Empty.
“And what,” asked Charlie, “you don’t think we’re smart enough to know the difference?”
“I’ve lost him.”
“We could cure a demon,” Eileen suggests, but Dean points out that the sacrifice needs to be a willing one.
“But she tried to bring Crowley back that one time and it didn’t work,” Sam points out.
“I think we may be dealing with their Queen.”
“I didn’t think you would ever leave me,” he says and a single tear escapes from where Dean was desperately trying to hold it back. “Why did you leave me man?” And then he’s laughing, raw and real, mingled with the taste of his tears.
“I’ve lost him.”
Welcome to chapter 1! I love me some angst so I hope you enjoy!!
Not actually eating lunch and heading straight into research looking for a case.
“That’s not it,” said Jo. “It’s that Dean-o here doesn’t think we can look after ourselves.
“Do you wanna… talk about it?” Sam asks his friend. “I know I never met your mystery man, but I’m happy to listen.”
“You’re telling me. So where is Sam? He brought us all here.”
No big deal.”
Day three finds them on the road. Dean driving, windows down, head rocking to the Zeppelin he has turned right the way up. Sam’s knee keeps bouncing with anticipation. Dean tells him to “Cut it out, man” a few times before he gives up, allowing Sam this moment of excitement.
“Dean? Dean?!” Sam sounded frantic on the other end of the phone and Dean’s heart race quickened instantly.
“I said no, Sam,” Dean says, and that is that.
Sam looks to Dean, eyebrows raised.
After a few minutes Cas presses a soft kiss into Dean’s hair. “You will see them all again tomorrow, you know.” Dean nods. “And Jack has given them all the choice to stay.”
“Eight days to find a demon who wants to be cured? What could go wrong?”
Then Dean rubs his face, gently slapping his cheeks a few times, and gets up to leave his room.
“I am an adult,” Charlie said petulantly. “I make decisions for myself.”
The group stared at one another. Before anyone could think of what to say, a sharp noise cut through the room, making Dean start.
“I don’t know man,” Dean starts.
“Why not?”
“Have you come to help me?” his mother said, raising her head. Her hair blew free in the wind, making her look younger than Dean remembered. “There’s so much to do and so little time.”
“And the runes?” said Cas. “I’m guessing this one—” he held up the phone showing the spiral “—only showed up with the adults?”
“Ooh, mochaccino,” Dean heard Charlie say. She took a sip. “With hazelnut? You know me!” She put a hand over her heart in a pretend swoon. Dean took a sip of his own coffee. Black with a hint of cinnamon at the perfect drinking temperature.
. “You okay?”
“That’s very kind, Sam,” Cas says, sincere. “But what I really want is to forget about him for a while.”
“I put cash in the register,” Jack said.
Until he can’t do it any longer.
It’s there, in Dean’s room, his big brother helpless in arms, the love of his life at the door that he decides it: one way or another, he’s getting Castiel back.
ended up as the little spoon, but he’s too happy to care. He reaches up to Castiel’s chest, intertwining their fingers. He revels in the moment, in the feeling of pure happiness. But it’s more than that. He knows happiness, he’s felt it before. It’s a rare feeling, sure, but what he’s feeling right now is beyond happiness. It’s something he doesn’t think he has ever felt before.
“The Empty only allows in two kinds of beings in this Universe,” Rowena explains.
It takes Dean three days to leave his room, but when he does, Sam is waiting.
“But those only happen once a year,” Sam protests.
“-It’s worth a try, Sammy.” Dean flashes him a grin, all teeth.
“Yeah, ‘cept there’s nothing besides a few disappearances that makes this sound like faeries,” said Bobby.
“Sorry, boys. Looks like you’re going to be sitting this road trip out.”
As they make their way inside, Dean lingers behind. Sam turns to call him in but notices the sadness in his smile. Sam tells Eileen and the rest of the girls to go on in without them. Eileen smiles, understanding.
Sam gives Cas a small smile.
“Uh, yeah,” Dean says, taking another bite of bacon, sounding unsure. “Only for a couple of days.”
“Rowena.” Dean sighs. “God fucking dammit.”
“I love you too,” Cas says, “more than anything.”
, heard Dean cry like this. This is something so raw that Sam feels like he’s intruding. This isn’t something anyone should ever have to endure.
“To get
“No, Charlie, please,” Castiel says, pushing her back onto her seat. “No more.” His voice is low and gravelly - not much different to usual - but emotionless.
“Ha! I knew it!” Eileen shouts, punching the air. Sam can’t hold back his smile.
He takes a swig of the beer that has been resting on the nightstand.
Sam knows then that he can’t leave Dean. He starts cooking, like, really cooking. Dean has always been the one with the culinary skills, so it takes Sam a few attempts to actually make a half decent burger, but day by day he pushes a sandwich, a salad, a bowl of cereal towards Dean and doesn’t leave him alone until his plate is completely empty.
On the second day they have work to do. First, Sam calls Eileen. They’d texted a whole bunch already, Sam ecstatic beyond belief that she was back, but she understood that he needed time, time to realise that everything was okay, that this new reality wasn’t going to be ripped from under him, before reaching out.
