Steve nods. Pepper had popped her head around the door to say goodbye to everyone just as Wanda and Natasha had decided they were cooking dinner that evening. She’d arrived that afternoon instead of last night because she’d been caught up in a board meeting. The moment she’d arrived the billionaire had taken her down into the workshop where they’d been all afternoon. And apparently Tony still is.
‘And keep a tally of who’s won the most races,’ Rhodes laughs.
‘Get out of sight!’ Bucky hisses from the driver’s seat.
‘I don’t sulk,’ Tony says, trying not to pout and pretty sure he fails at Wanda’s amused smile. ‘Anyway I’m the one who makes all the gear and everyone look cool so you better keep looking at it all like it’s the best thing since sliced bread or your projects are getting moved to the back of the list.’
‘Then why agree to let him go?’
‘I have to say I’m not impressed with the way you ran this fucking show, Fury,’ Wade says from behind him, and right now Peter is more than happy to let him take the lead. ‘You basically left Pete to fend for himself during all of this shit. How the
‘Gamora did not die for me.’
‘Only Rhodes’ mom? Don’t any of you have family to spend it with?’ she asks in surprise.
,’ Tony corrects him. ‘And Peter
‘Tony, what-’
Peter, always eager to please his mentor, takes a huge forkful off his plate and shoves it into his mouth. His eyes light up and he gives everyone a thumbs up. ‘It’s good,’ he manages to get out around a mouthful of spaghetti.
‘The new Accords? I’ve read them,’ Steve slips into his Captain voice and Tony feels a cold drop of dread settle in his scarred chest.
‘Mr Stark-’
‘Boys,’ she presses her comms link with one finger, her other hand still working away, ‘you want to try and keep out of sight of the cameras more?’
‘I thought he was Scrooge in the run up to Christmas?’ Sam asks Rhodes.
‘Sorry-’
‘And entirely true.’
‘Yeah…Merry Christmas, Loki,’ he hears as he disappears round the corner.
‘Don’t worry I used up my heroic action quota for the year.’ When they break apart Peter goes to say goodbye to Bucky and Wade turns to Steve. ‘Thanks, Cap, I was running out of reasons to give him as to why he couldn’t come.’
‘I just… I didn’t want it to be a nameless, shapeless fear. It made it scarier like that. This way I can move on and file it away like any other enemy.’
to get us back together and to make sure we’re all ok. We just want you to do the same for yourself.’ He swallows and rapidly blinks away the traitorous tears forming behind his eyes.
‘Please Mr Stark, just leave him alone.’
Peter’s running with sweat by the time the familiar voice interrupts his training session. He’s not sure he’s ever worked so hard on his own before but he has to get rid of a
Tony blinks up at him a couple of times when he pulls away. ‘Needed to stop talking right?’
Lorena laughs. ‘I think, my king, you will be the best ruler of all your forefathers if you continue as you are. Goodnight.’
‘Oh I don’t know,’ he smiles, ‘he has his moments.’ As the mercenary wipes the blood from his blades to replace them he can’t resist running over to him. ‘What are you doing here?’ he asks as he hits the solid chest and feels Wade’s arm come up around him.
‘Fuck you!’ he shouts, throwing his backpack into the wall and spinning round to get away from the shouts after him.
‘-he is talking about
‘You want to draw their fire or should I?’
Tony gives her a grateful smile as she leaves the room, he’s really not in the mood to be dealing with Ross today. He helps the super soldier twins and Wanda clear up the table and load the dishwasher before they head downstairs. He makes a quip about having to do the dishes before going to save the world and gets a tea towel in the face from Steve as a reward.
‘Give me two minutes to get to you first,’ Tony cuts across the conversation. ‘Rhodey’s calling the shots here, but we do need to cause enough of a distraction for the two of them to get in. You two focus on getting Pete’s mask, then join in getting everyone out. Especially Dr Monroe. Seems she’s guest of honour at a house party.’
‘Wanda and Vision will meet us here, they’re already in New York. Hopefully this isn’t the big guy himself and we’ve only got to deal with one of his lieutenants.’
‘Touché, Captain,’ Tony laughs as he lets Steve escape from bed, watching the man walk across the room to the bathroom. ‘By the way I’m very much enjoying the view! Would be better if you lost the pyjama pants though.’ He laughs as Steve gives him the middle finger over his shoulder before closing the bathroom door behind him.
‘Nice to meet you, Tony,’ Steve smiles, shaking the offered hand. There’s callouses on the palm and fingers which proves his story of being one of the main people on the projects. This wasn’t one of the pampered rich boys who usually came to Stark’s parties, this man was a worker.
She nods sympathetically. ‘Let’s hope for Flash’s sake he tones down his comments right?’ she grins. ‘Although I did hear a story that he got scared off by the Falcon and the Winter Soldier, kind of sad I missed it.’
‘Can you please just finish getting dressed? Fuck, you’re going to get a guy arrested.’
It took slightly longer than expected to get everyone ready, especially since some had to go and get changed first. Eventually they’re all gathered on the grass outside the facility and Rhodes is setting up the goals with spare jumpers, having decided it would be safer for him to sit this one out and act as the umpire. Not that he’s expecting anyone to listen.
‘Hey, Captain sir, are you made of bricks? You’re really solid,’ he asks as they both climb off the ground.
‘Thought I felt well rested.’
Peter feels his heart break at the words, seeing the vulnerability in the brown eyes. ‘Oh Wade. I’m so sorry, I shouldn’t have made you feel like that.’
‘I’ll follow,’ Bucky says, readying his gun again. ‘Go! I’ll be there as soon as I can.’
‘Don’t be too proud,’ Loki smirks, ‘most warriors I’ve met also tend to be unsophisticated brutes who live only for the fight and the drinking celebration that follows. If you think my brother is bad you should be thankful you were spared the rest of Asgards warriors.’
‘I don’t know,’ Tony admits, ‘but I’m not going to let them. I’m afraid this means I’m going to have to keep my distance from you for a while until I can get this sorted. I don’t want anyone realising I’m onto them. I’ve taken enough of a risk getting your treatment moved to Stephen’s care, but some friends of mine have already got hold of your old doctor. We’re hoping to have some more answers soon. Stephen says once the infection is under control we’ll get the arm that
‘Oh Francis!!!’ I sing-song. ‘Francis? Where are you baby? I missed you so much!’
He groans. ‘
‘The latter,’ she rolls her eyes, ‘I’m trying to get him on a creative binge but he’s having none of it.’
Thank you so much for all the wonderful comments, please do keep letting me know what you think about the story, I do love to hear your thoughts.
‘A bomb?’ Scott jumps to his feet. ‘What the hell dude?’
‘Now we don’t expect you to do this is any form of timed challenge,’ Steve reassures them, ‘this is what we use for all the teams that work with us and they’ve had a few more years of basic training than you have.’
‘Come here,’ Sam sighs, coming to stand in front of him wearing a matching black suit, ‘honestly, Cap, I thought you’d done this millions of times.’
‘And where exactly would that be?’ Sam asks, coming and standing behind their chairs as Clint fires up the engines.
With a horrible sense of déjà vu Steve looks into his friend’s blank gaze and hears the words. ‘Who the hell is Bucky?’
,’ Steve frowns at his friend.
He groans. ‘Yeah I’m joining my classmates. Not all of them are idiots you know.’  ‘Whatever. Later!’ and with that she steps into an elevator and heads up to the team’s dining room, leaving Peter to head towards the cafeteria where his class will be eating.
‘So…how about I drop you home and then pick you up around six?’
The man shrugs. ‘No need to thank me, I’m happy to help out my favourite arachnid. I would say you could pay me back with a date, but pretty sure I’d end up in jail.’
‘Before I agree to help I want to ask a question,’ Loki says eventually, and Bucky turns to face him, nodding his agreement. ‘Is this, in part, the reason you have been so against my being here until I helped Peter?’
‘Nope,’ Peter grins at him. ‘Nowhere I’d rather be than home with my family. No matter how crazy they might be.’
‘I still love you,’ Steve whispers, ‘I didn’t leave you for him Tony, I always wanted to come back to you, I just didn’t know how.’
‘If anyone can do it, Bucky will.’
‘Born ready,’ Bucky winks. Rhodes just sighs and shakes his head, raising his own gun.
‘Steve? I
Tony makes a contented noise and chases Steve’s lips for another kiss.
Steve hears the tempo of the music changing from inside the venue and pushes away from the railing. Before he can give himself time to consider he extends a hand towards Tony. The billionaire raises an eyebrow. ‘I thought it seemed a shame for you not to get to appreciate some of the fruits of your labour,’ he answers with a shrug. ‘I promise not to step on your toes. Well as much as before.’
he can’t help the smile as he feels the trickster’s presence grow stronger in his mind.
‘Bucky got rather impatient and decided to drag Loki away from the competition,’ Bruce’s face is decidedly uncomfortable, ‘I’ll spare you his turn of phrase.’
‘Err… I live here. And own the building.’
‘Who’s Francis?’ Bucky asks, unfolding his arms and going to sit in one of the chairs opposite him.
‘She’s too practical to be with someone too sentimental,’ Loki agrees.
‘It used to be in my chest. For a long time was the only thing stopping shrapnel from entering my heart. It used to contain palladium until Dad gave me a hand from beyond the grave and we made a new element.’
‘You out tonight or can I come over to build some more?’ Ned asks.
‘Err…well I started when I got my powers, and I was about fifteen, so I guess then?’
‘Thank the Allfathers because I was not sure how I was going to let you down gently,’ she responds, then looks over his shoulder. ‘Your friends have arrived.’
So Steve explains the invitation to the party, and sneaking over there whilst the rest of the team were inside, and meeting Tony outside. ‘He said he was just Tony from R&D. Why?’
‘What now?’ Steve grumbles to himself as he leaves his room to answer Rumlow’s summons. When he reaches the living room the rest of the squad are there, all in their dress uniforms. Sam shoots him a warning look to play nice and keep his cool. He’s right he can’t afford to lose his temper and risk letting Rumlow know of his plan.
A/N: I am so sorry I'm so late posting this chapter. I really hope it's worth the delay.
Wade huffs a laugh and stands up, holding his arms open for Peter to gently throw Cooper safely into his arms. Underneath him Lila starts jumping up and down wanting her turn as Wade sets her brother down on the ground and he comes running over again.
enjoyed.’
‘If we time it right with the revelation of Ross’ involvement with HYDRA and Tony’s capture, not to mention if and when we find evidence on other members of the Council, we shouldn’t have too much issue pushing it forwards,’ Nick says.
‘Sam, Rhodey? Go get Clint and Scott,’ the two scramble to do as their ordered. ‘Everyone else, get ready. No holds barred. I don’t care if we have to kill every man in that facility to get to Tony, we’re getting him back
‘He’s the reason we had the addresses in the first place, Steve,’ Natasha soothes him, then turns to the red suited man. ‘What are you doing here now?’
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Mr Stark doesn’t know,’ Peter sighs, not tearing his eyes from the buildings passing by. ‘I don’t want him to know. It’s nothing I can’t handle, it’s just harmless teasing. I’m like one of the nerdiest kids in school, and now everyone knows I wasn’t lying about the Stark Internship, plus I’m one of the most socially awkward guys there. It’s not like there’s no lack of material.’
as I say and
‘He’ll come out of this, Pete,’ Tony had said, though Peter wasn’t sure which of them he was trying to convince. ‘He’s too damn stubborn to leave you.’ And Peter had clung to that truth like the lifeline it was.
‘Get out!’ Tony’s eyes go wide as he spins to see Peter walking through the door. The boy pauses in shock. Bucky reacts the quickest out of everyone and leaps in front of the boy, bringing him close to his chest so he’s hidden from Hammer’s view.
‘And Steve is highlighting
, he muses as he struggles to keep his eyes open, Natasha’s nails gently brushing through his hair,
Sam laughs. ‘You know it’s bad if
‘I know,’ he says, pressing a kiss to the top of her head, ‘I just…I never really tell you what you mean to me and the family. Just wanted to make sure you knew.’
What are you doing here?’ he asks, hurriedly closing the door behind him.
‘Yeah, I want to find out what these packages are,’ Quill says, poking at a pile of similar looking parcels. Loki hides his grin behind the mug that Wanda passes him, and winks at Peter. Who proceeds to turn bright red and look away, prompting a laugh from Wanda.
‘Smart bastard,’ Bucky chuckles.
‘Shit, no way,’ the man pushes him back and looks at him and Peter remembers he doesn’t have his mask. Deadpool is seeing him for the first time. ‘You- you’re-’ he’s cut off by the sound of more men coming closer on the floor below them. ‘Shit. Get out of here and get your fucking mask on, Spidey. I’ll hold them up as long as I can. Old Tin Can’s holding his own for now.’
‘This is awesome!’ the voice comes from inside. ‘What made you even think to put this in? I never would have thought about it until I was frozen up.’
‘To my room, Flash,’ Peter counters, ‘and taking my friends to the ones they usually use when they visit.’
I only agreed on the understanding we get more Spideypool goodness. You’re welcome.
‘My best friend is a moron.’
‘Nope, let’s take a look.’
‘Don’t you normally have a weekend bag, Peter?’ Steve asks.
Wade’s mouth falls open and he’s staring at Peter in shock. ‘You-what- are you
do something.’
‘That’s exactly what Nat says!’ Sam laughs, and Bucky resists the urge to punch the pair. He’d never tell them this, but he loves them really. Very, very deep down.
‘You alright?’ he wanders back to stand next to him.
‘What?!?’ Peter’s isn’t the only shout to interrupt Mr Harris. He can feel his heart pounding in his ears.
‘I didn’t want you to go looking for them,’ Wade admits, cutting him off. ‘I didn’t want them getting their hands on you and doing to you what they did to me. I couldn’t-
‘And it says the
‘Err… ok?’
it. I never have.’
‘Thanks!’ she calls to him, turning her attention back to Ross. ‘Shit!’
‘Well you are my self-appointed right hand woman when it comes to the Council apparently,’ he chuckles. ‘So I figured we’d be better off working out how to approach it together.’ At her smile he feels a little bundle of nerves ease off in his chest.
‘Thank you.’
‘Well we have been looking at the taller ones,’ Steve points out, ‘let’s head towards some of the smaller ones and see what they have down there.’
She sighs. ‘You’re lucky your ability to cause such wonderful death outweighs your foul language. I am offering you the chance to rule over the land of the dead here at my side for eternity. I can restore your looks to how you were before your mutation took hold, and I can give you eternal youth; you can still visit the world of the living on occasion if you choose, but you must bring a soul back with you as payment. You and I, Wade Wilson, can rule together. Forever young, forever healthy, and forever together.’
Loki nods. ‘Yes, despite my best efforts they are.’
‘And I shall endeavour to do the same,’ he responds.
‘After you buttercup.’ All he gets in response is an eyeroll as Steve walks past him and pushes open the door to the Sanctum.
A/N: Hi everyone. I'm so sorry I'm late posting this week. I'm doing a course on top of the job and got carried away with studying and forgot I hadn't posted! I hope it was worth the extra bit of waiting time.
He reaches an arm back and pulls her into a one-armed hug, pressing a quick kiss to the top of her head. ‘You are more than welcome.’
‘Will you be staying for New Year?’ the dark haired man ignores his question. ‘I know Peter and May are, I think Mama will head back before though. The party can get a bit rowdy for her.’
Stark laughs. ‘Sorry to disappoint you but this is real. Your friend Steve came and found me.’
‘We always knew this was a possibility, Tony,’ Steve’s voice is enviably calm.
‘Loki what are you doing?’ Steve demands.
‘I wonder why,’ an eye roll this time. ‘Yes that’s all of them. Unless someone wants to invite someone they haven’t mentioned yet.’
Steve frowns. ‘Why what? Why he doesn’t like you the same way you like him?’ Bucky nods again. ‘Why is that?’
Thank you to everyone who has kept up with this story, and this series!
Tony just nods, unable to form any words, and squeezes his hand. Steve tries not to panic at the lack of strength.
‘They would say the same thing about you.’
A/N: Hi everyone. Well this is it, the end of Restoration. There's only the epilogue to go!
she thinks, tightening her hold on him,
‘Ten minutes,’ Betty answers, ‘then they’re going to collect us from here.’
‘Yeah but you want me to put on a blindfold while the whole team attacks me?’
‘Vanilla? But that’s the most boring flavour out there!’ Ned protests.
‘Sounds like you weren’t doing it right.’
‘Give him a break, Strange, he’s only just coming round,’ Tony comes to kneel next to where Bucky’s lying on the sofa. ‘How you feeling?’
Clint just grins at him. ‘No, but I did get him to let me move one of the mistletoe sprigs to out here.’
‘Don’t!’ Peter turns to Loki with wide eyes. ‘Please, Loki.’
‘What about if we stop looking at what he’s been up to recently?’ Peter suggests. ‘He’ll have been covering his tracks too much right? What about from a few months ago when he would have been starting to get in contact with HYDRA?’
Tony claps his hands, rubbing them together, a smile on his face. ‘Then we’ll give it another go tomorrow. Come on, let’s go grab some lunch; you’ve earned it you did well today kiddo.’
‘What? You’d be perfect for the horror role! You apparently have the face for it, and you’ve got all the killer fighting moves. You could be the next big bad,’ Peter laughs, cautiously crawling back up the wall, staying just out of reach of the merc.
to be going out and dating alright? No one is going to be good enough for you, and even if you think they are then we’ve got to have the whole team run a check on them, because we’ll know if they’ve ever stuck gum under a table and if they’ve done something like that you never know if they’ll do something worse in the future. So anyone you want has to got to go through us first. Save yourself the trouble and apply for a nunnery. But yes, back to my Mommy Spider: she’s the best. She’ll sit and give you a hug if you’re feeling crappy, and she’ll teach you ballet – and by the way she is an
‘Rhodey is staying,’ Tony cuts him off, ‘so is Bruce; I’ve got Happy here as well, and Pepper. Are you saying you don’t think Pepper can deal with people? Come on, kid, she scares
Especially when you train with one Tony Stark. Sam’s long learned that if he needs training to help him feel better then to grab Tony, they definitely don’t get as much useful training done as the others but they’ll both be doubled over in laughter by the end of half an hour. Rhodey’s a good partner to train with, though they tend to stick to boxing due to the other’s injuries; it’s a much more reflective training session, but no less fun.
to be part of this team, and not just because of Peter. The fact that he actually came and spoke to me about it, asked for a team member to go with him? Considering he obviously wasn’t too happy with sharing details I’d say he’s has to take just as big a leap at trusting us in this as we are with him.’
‘Where’s it from?’ she asks, coming closer to have a better look.
The two of them laugh. ‘Yeah, we’re going to need it,’ Tony replies. ‘Now go on, they’re waiting for you.’
I’m still the Soldier you take me out.’
‘You know what?’ Tony says, feeling his heart break at the tears in Peter’s eyes. ‘I think I just remembered another fairytale, and I bet you won’t have heard of this one.’
‘Family calendar, Captain. Boss set it up when Miss Wanda returned.’
‘Fuck.’
a prisoner.’ He holds up a second taking a step closer. ‘Two, that doesn’t answer my question.’
‘He’s got a bit of a headache but he’s conscious,’ Natasha responds, just as the man himself walks in with Rhodey at his side.
He hears the hiss of the doors ahead of him and quickens his pace, hearing a yawn as Tony emerges from the workshop, blearily rubbing his eyes.
‘You sure you’re alright, Lokes?’
‘We’ll let the little witch go,’ Francis pats Wanda on the shoulder, ‘on one condition: you beat one of our soldiers.’
Steve felt guilt creeping into his stomach. It seemed a lot of the issues in Tony’s relationship with his father had stemmed from him.
‘Fine,’ Tony tries his best not to smirk at how much he’s going to inflame the situation, ‘then Loki has to be the one to help me.’
‘You mean the fact that Brucie went all not-Jolly Green and destroyed our assault course?’ Tony voice comes from behind them, and Scott turns to see the rest of them hurrying over, some quicker than others.
‘Not going to happen,’ his voice goes from his usual teasing tone to low and dangerous, he can feel the anger boiling up inside him.
He laughs and shakes his head. ‘No we’re just good friends. She’s kind of adopted me as her brother.’
‘Then I shall wait until New Year.’
It’s unfortunate really. Not any lack of skill on his part, or any brilliant skill on theirs. He’s ducking under the rotor blades and webbing one guy up, and has to dodge backwards to avoid gunfire and manages to trip over some of the wreckage. As he goes down the blade catches him and sends him flying, disorientating him enough so when he lands it’s easy for one of the soldiers to grab him.
‘Hey Tony, you alright? What did you need help with?’ Steve says as FRIDAY allows him entry to the workshop.
The issue comes at the last platform, easily the most sensitive when it comes to tipping with the additional weight of someone landing on it. Peter times his landing so he hits the middle of the platform again, using some of his sticking ability so he doesn’t go sliding off to one side. Now it’s all going to depend on how well Steve does. He watches, crouching down and trying to avoid the signature Spider-Man crouch, as the blond swings himself forwards and onto the platform.
‘We’ll do our best,’ Natasha says, glancing at Steve as he starts to frown. He just nods in agreement but something inside of him clenches painfully. What if something does tear them apart again? Would they be able to come back from it?
To his surprise she smiles. ‘The whole point of having a second in command,’ she laughs, ‘is that when you are called away to perform your duties as king you have someone who will do what is needed here.’
‘That,’ Natasha says, ‘might be a good idea. Maybe we can find out who he made contact with and that’ll give us another lead.’
‘They’ll probably need as much cleaning as this room, but there’ll be somewhere we can crash for tonight. We’ll set to work on sorting out something more lasting in the morning,’ he replies. ‘Come on I’ll show you all where to go.’
‘I’ll be back for you after two laps tops,’ he promises him, giving Steve a quick kiss before leading Bucky out onto the ice. It takes a bit of coaxing but eventually the dark haired assassin steps out onto the ice, metal hand gripping the side in a death grip.
‘It keep things entertaining so I don’t know why you complain.’
‘There’s a bottle in my bag over by the door,’ he gestures with his head which leaves him spinning around in a circle, ‘dammit. There’s a bottle in my bag that has the label ‘anti-web’ on it. Can you get it out for me? If we put it on the webs holding me I should be able to get out and then sort out all the err…’
‘Will you just leave me alone?’
‘Please take it,’ Tony pleads.
‘Yeah I got a bone to pick with you,’ Bucky raises an eyebrow at him, waiting for the nurse to finish her jobs and leave and for Steve to take a seat, a much comfier seat than what he’d had before, before continuing. ‘So you failed to mention you’d spoken to someone at Stark Industries.’
mess this up, Steve. I can’t risk losing you because I’m too afraid to talk about something.’
‘What did you do?’ he growls at him, righting himself and stabbing upwards with a knife.
Natasha shrugs. ‘I felt like going for a run anyway, at least this way they think they convinced me to do something and it makes them feel better about themselves.’
‘You seem to have been doing a lot of that recently,’ Natasha raises an eyebrow at him, ‘keeping stuff to yourself until a certain point so we can deny all knowledge and stay out of prison.’
‘It’s like you don’t trust me,’ Tony says in mock offense. Steve just rolls his eyes and plants a quick kiss to his lips.
‘Definitely Francis,’ Wade chimes in, ‘fucker wouldn’t know a mop even if I shoved it up his-’
‘An AI Tony set up to give to Peter in the future,’ Bruce pipes up. At Tony’s questioning glance Bruce shrugs. ‘I was looking through some things and found her files. Looked like a good idea.’
‘I’m fine, Pete,’ the inventor replies.
As always here's your sneak peek:
There’s silence for what feels like several minutes. Then Tony speaks, and his voice sounds like he’s holding back tears. ‘Did he tell you he asked me to see them?’
‘You want us to just bring back your decapitated head?’ Natasha asks deadpanned, one eyebrow raised. Then she shrugs. ‘Suppose it’s not the most outlandish thing anyone’s ever asked me to do.’
Wade asks Steve for help finishing the mission he left on before Thanos' arrival
Deadpool’s hands go to either side of his face. ‘Spidey you’re so
Tony just laughs. ‘You’ve got more cheeky the longer we’ve been together, Cap, they’ll be accusing me of corrupting you if we’re not careful.’
She laughs. ‘Shuri gave me a solar powered battery pack.’
of us in this room in order to achieve that victory, without telling
He cuts her off by grabbing her and pinning her against a tree. ‘Thought I taught you never to turn your back on someone unless they were dead,
of persuasion to get you agree. If I knew the threat of alien invasion would do it I would have organised one ages ago. Maybe we wouldn’t have danced around each other so long.’
‘Fuck me,’ Bucky says. ‘What the fuck are you doing here?’
Bucky grins at her. -
she thinks, desperation giving her strength.
‘Hey no powers!’ the kid yells, taking off after Sam at a speed that is definitely faster than a normal powers.
‘Ok children, any more of that and I’ll send you to the Headmaster’s office,’ Rhodes says. ‘Powers and abilities can only be used when you are against someone who is on a similar level to you. Otherwise none can be used. All agreed?’
He opens his eyes, blinking against the harsh lights and looks around. Some kind of lab. Well at least he’s still alive.
‘Ok everyone, settle down,’ the Captain tone comes out and all the chatter stops almost instantly. ‘Welcome to the Avengers Facility, we’re glad you could all make it and we hope you enjoy your stay with us. We’ve got a few different activities planned which we hope will show you the wide range of things we get involved in as a team. We’ll split you into two groups so you can all get a chance to try things out properly, and we’ll come together for big group activities in the evenings. This afternoon will mainly be a tour of the facility and we’ll do a team-building game later on. I will ask you not to go anywhere in the facility without a guide, purely for security reasons. Our staff will not take kindly to someone accidentally stumbling into them when they’re busy on a project-’
‘There you are!’ Sam shouts as they reenter. ‘We’re just calling an end to the mistletoe challenge. Please make me a happy man, Loki.’
‘Hey kid!’ Wanda tenses at the shout from one of the mercenaries. ‘You owe me a game from last time. I need to win my money back.’
without him by my side these last years.’
‘Tony-’
‘Yeah so Steve kept telling me,’ he sighs, ‘I don’t believe you any more than I do him.’
‘Two minutes, Tony,’ Steve answers.
‘Dammit Wanda!’
‘This all part of your “one chance” scenario?’ Tony asks.
‘My mother passed away,’ she explains, and Tony sees a muscle in her jaw tick as she holds back her emotions, ‘the new director of SWORD seemed to think I should be grounded for a period of grief.’
‘Place your bets,’ Rhodes grins. ‘Who do we think is going to be first out?’
‘Ah there you are,’ Mr Stark says as he catches sight of Peter. ‘Thought I was going to have to get Bucky to come and flush you out.’
Fury sighs. ‘I can’t work out what’s going on with this new guy,’ he admits, ‘he says he’s from an alternate dimension but…something isn’t sitting right and I can’t quite place it. And the only one I feel comfortable calling in to help, the only one I actually think might be able to work all this out, is currently being a hormonal teenager.’
‘I’m showing my appreciation to the chefs,’ he argues as they all start to make their way to the dining room.
experiments,’ Tony has to rein in his temper to not shout, ‘the technology we are using to help Barnes could be used in the future to help other victims of trauma recover, it just needs to be ratified by medical councils. What we are conducting is
‘Nice to see you again, kid,’ Natasha says, giving him a rare smile.
‘Of course,’ Tony grumbles, then looks back at Peter. ‘Alright kid you have until Natasha arrives to work out exactly how you’re going to explain this.’
‘Wanda help me convince Peter that pineapple on pizza is heaven,’ Wade turns to the young woman. ‘He won’t see sense and now he’s holding my Hawaiian hostage.’
‘Did they surrender?’ Bucky asks as they get back.
I grab hold of her hand and squeeze. Tight. Until even she is grimacing in pain. ‘You touch him and I
‘Well how much
‘Tony?’ Steve frowns at him in concern.
‘Thank you,’ he says, though he looks after Loki worriedly.
‘Yeah,’ the man shoots him a small smile that warms his eyes, ‘what you surprised I got the brains to work on something as complex as a fully functioning replica of a human arm?’
Bucky nods and relays the message, then smirks. ‘He says try not to turn into a Capsicle again before we get out of here.’ Steve rolls his eyes, but feels some of his panic ease at the knowledge that Tony’s humour is still intact so he’s most likely alright. ‘He says he’s looked up the maps that were sent over by Magnusson and we should be able to follow the two tunnels and meet up eventually. They haven’t seen any sign of the Jotuns so we’re hoping they’re buried under the ice. Might take a while before we meet up but we should manage it. There’s another chamber further along, we’ll aim to meet there. This is all fairly unknown though, aside from the basic outline. They apparently mapped out the system and then have gone back to the front and started excavating from there.’
A frown of confusion passes over Wanda’s face, and for a moment Tony is reminded of the girl they’d first met when fighting Ultron. ‘Oh…yes…sorry I just…’
‘And if it isn’t?’ Loki asks.
Thank you so much for the comments so far. Hope you all continue to enjoy!
‘You can,’ Strange tells her, voice gentle but firm, ‘you’re the only one here with the power to. Destroy the gauntlet and Thanos will not be able to use the power of the stones.’
him? Just like that?’
‘Explain,’ Steve cuts across Rhodey.
‘What kind of fucked up question is that?’ Bucky growls. ‘She was being manipulated by HYDRA, and she helped the team, she saved countless lives and she’s lost so much, of course she deserves-’
‘I’m hoping the big fat ring on her finger will be a give away.’
’ Clint asks, coming to stand behind them. ‘That should have taken
There’s a chorus of greetings and Rhodes loves the fact his mother’s face lights up with happiness as the team of superheroes and their friends all rush in to talk to her and wish her Merry Christmas.
As always here's your sneak peek:
Tony looks down at his phone as a message comes in. Setting his project to one side, an upgrade for Rhodes’ suit, he opens it.
‘I am the Winter Soldier.’
Strange opens a portal for them as a shortcut to the entrance. ‘Tomorrow then.’
‘Thanks, Pete,’ Sam coughs through the brick dust. ‘Where are the other two?’
‘And a way to get to know this team better,’ Tony suggests. ‘So then if we have to fight together again in the future you’ll be more comfortable around us.’
‘Why don’t you go get changed, kid?’ Tony suggests, ‘I’ll explain what happened to your aunt.’
‘But…’ Lila trails off, frowning in confusion. ‘Didn’t he hurt you?’
Red light as bright as the smile she gives him wraps around the ornament and it steadily glides to the top of the tree, resting firmly on the top.
‘Should be here soon,’ Natasha replies, ‘they’d just reached the Atlantic when I last spoke to them.’
‘But-’
‘Where’s Sam, Quill and Rocket?’ he asks.
Loki at the front should confuse them to our tactic.’
‘No,’ Natasha sounds worried and that genuinely scares Scott, ‘and if he goes towards the facility.’
‘Thank you,’ Quill breathes, his whole body sagging in relief.
Just then Peter arrives, suit in place and Fury only a few steps behind him. ‘You ready?’ the spy asks them.
Clint pauses on his way back inside. ‘Good point, no not yet. She was going to talk to him between Christmas and New Year. Didn’t want to potentially cause a scene at Christmas.’
that’s going to work in practise until this school trip. None of you have really wanted to hide what and who you are before, Peter’s been the only one who does, and he’d managed that fine by keeping the two sides of his life fairly separate. But…well as soon as there’s been a hit of the two worlds having to co-exist, that’s when the strain has appeared. For the majority of individuals they’ll be able to keep their “superhero” life and “normal” life separate. But what happens when they start to get closer? We have to be equipped to help them should anyone want to join the team, and we have to be able to show anyone interested in joining that
‘So we plug this into my brain and I can relive any memory we choose?’ Bucky asks, eyeing the machinery warily, the only memory that is springing to mind right now is of having his brain ‘reset’. He’s just waiting for Tony to stick a piece of wood between his teeth.
Peter shrugs. ‘He says he’s been sorting out Christmas presents. I’ve been trying not to get in the way if I’m honest.’
‘Steve! Wait up!’ Scott pants behind him, Bucky’s only just keeping pace a few steps behind.
There’s a cry of outrage from the mat, and Bucky takes advantage of Steve’s distraction to tackle the blond to the floor. ‘Bucky, you jerk! That’s not fair!’
to launch his attack. Right when Tony’s caught up in his trial and the rest of the team is caught up with the UN. SHIELD was just damn lucky they could go to Pete for help. Where do you think Beck got the funding for all of his work? Because even if Tony was
‘Why the hell would a fan want to hurt him?’ Bucky frowns.
Basically: super-family chapter
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Anthony Edward Stark you bring that nice young man down here and explain to me why I had to find out from James that you were finally settling down,’ the old woman’s voice carries over to them.
‘You told me not to alert you if you had calls or messages, boss,’ the AI responds.
‘Ugh, yeah, yeah whatever you say Baby Boy,’ the man responds, stumbling over his words.
‘Only when I came to spend Christmas with Mama Rhodes,’ Tony tries to defend himself. ‘I challenge any man to hold back Christmas spirit when they spend Christmas with that angel.’ Rhodes just shakes his head and smiles at his friend fondly. ‘Anyway isn’t it too early still for Christmas music? We’re not even in December yet!’
‘Apologies Captain, I promise to make this as simple as possible. There are not many steps and they are fairly simple, it’s just a case of remembering the order they go in. In fact,’ he looks between Tony and Steve, ‘I suggest you two swap so the Captain is on this side, Valkyrie’s line is the one where the partners will have to change places. That will be less for you to remember.’
Her joining the experiments had been one of the few times they’d had a proper argument, but she’d reminded him of their promise: “Where you go I go. Together, always.”
‘Hey!’ Carol pouts.
Tony and Bucky have a heart-to-heart; Vision and Wanda go on a date and Tony acts like a dad, much to Rhodey's and Bucky's amusement, and they listen to one of Peter's reports.
he repeats,
?’ Bruce asks, wondering how he’s supposed to reach the body that is wrapped up in the webs.
‘I would not be comfortable protecting
‘Make a snowball, quick!’ he whispers.
‘Stand down,’ one of the soldiers shout.
Personally, Steve disagrees.
later.’
‘Wait Nidavellir? That’s just an old legend it doesn’t exist!’ the rabbit interjects.
‘Thanks buddy,’ he drops down as he finishes hanging the last part of his garland and makes his way over to the box Steve brought in, Nebula joins him.
Wanda pauses as she looks in the fridge, and Tony can’t quite place the battle that’s going on across her face. ‘A proper Christmas?’ she asks softly.
Peter can’t help the rush of the pride at those words, as Vision takes Steve’s place at his side and draws him into a conversation about how his senses were working and how fighting him had changed the signals he was receiving.
‘Thought you’d promised not to read minds,’ he teases her.
‘Well it was fun when I realised I was going to be alright, but yeah wasn’t much fun before that.’ He comes over and starts explaining some of the other parts of the suit, then Peter takes a section over to a work bench to take it apart. ‘Hey kid?’
The dark skinned man looks at him as if he’s grown an extra head. ‘Dude I appreciate you’re sometimes a little behind the times, but how do you not know
‘There he is!’ Bucky catches sight of the two of them, a grin lighting up his face. ‘You do realise we’ve been waiting ages right? And aren’t interns supposed to bring coffee?’
the firefight, Sam. How do you think I found out about him?’ he brings the videos up from when he’d first found Peter, and shows them to the others on the screen, replacing the latest celebrity couple break up story.
‘Tony’s going to need you to go put your mask on and go meet him at the front desk,’ he tells the teenager.
‘One’s over in Central Park, taken out by Wanda, big hulking thing with a hammer to match,’ Steve tells him. ‘The other’s over there.’
Steve tries to hold back his grimace at the announcer’s choice of words, digs an elbow into a chuckling Bucky, and then makes his way to the announcer, trying very hard not to throw up in fear. He still can’t believe he’s having to do this.
She frowns and sips on more of the, now cooler, cocoa to give herself time to find an answer. She hadn’t really thought about it herself. ‘I guess…when everything else is changing, the traditions that we have help us to remember the people that have…that aren’t here.’
As he gets to his feet he sees Thor already engaging Thanos again, Tony providing support when he’s not at risk of hitting their friend. Turning, he sees Wanda has just joined them, there’s blood at her hairline which goes some way to explaining why she wasn’t there when they arrived. ‘Get him out of here,’ he tells the young woman, gesturing to Vision.
‘Thank you Colonel, we’re not sure how many have got out, but we know no one’s breached the perimeter,’ comes the harassed voice.
‘Yeah: when can we get started?’ Valkyrie rolls her eyes.
‘Why is everyone on this team’s first reaction to attack school kids when they annoy me?’
‘Good question. Maybe check on the rest of the team first?’ she suggests, taking out another agent. ‘Preferably before I run out of bullets to cover you with.’
‘Huh?’ Tony looks at his phone. ‘FRI why didn’t you tell me I had calls?’
Vision looks confused and mutters, ‘I still don’t understand humans.’
‘Thor stop trying to break Tony!’ Loki scolds, pulling his brother from the inventor. ‘Honestly! I would have thought you’d have learnt to control your strength with mortals by now.’
‘You sure you’re alright with me doing this?’ the blond’s voice is quiet and unsure.
‘Grab your drink,’ he says, walking over to his own and trying to get his breathing under control.
‘I recognise that name,’ Rhodes says.
discussion about your music education.’
‘Do you remember Jacques at all?’ Bucky asks after a short pause in which they played a couple of hands.
‘She can’t-’
‘You wanted to speak to me, Tony?’ Peter says, knocking on the door to the bedroom and easing it open.
Deadpool gives a shout of happiness and, before Peter can react, he’s picked up and being spun around in a bear hug by the red clad mercenary. ‘I’m sorry, I’m sorry,’ he keeps saying into Peter’s ear.
‘Alright,’ Wade stretches and hefts his axe again, ‘let’s get chopping.’
‘Off?’ Steve supplies. ‘I know what you mean. Thought perhaps it was just our aversion to cold confined spaces but…’
‘Hey fucktard!’
‘Are you getting any sleep?’ the teenager fixes him with a look Tony is pretty sure he stole from Natasha.
‘You say that about most days but with the excuse you’re paying for it,’ the teenager points out.
Maybe he’d prefer Happy pick him up so he actually makes it to the facility in one piece.
‘You come to the facility to recover.’
Matt just laughs. ‘I like him.’
‘Whatever, Pool,’ he says, taking a bite out of a taco. ‘I thought you wanted to catch up on information?’
‘Do what?’ Peter asks, frowning as he turns to face the merc.
A/N: Hi everyone! I'm back! Not a huge contribution in regards moving the story of Another Chance on, but it's just a bit of fun and some of those scenes I'd love to put in the main series but don't really fit anywhere. Sorry it's later being published than I first intended, everyone I know seemed to be ill this week and needed looking after!
Tony Stark is standing in his hospital room promising to fix him, when there’s another commotion in the corridor and the door to his room is flung open and a very irate doctor storms in.
Steve quickens his pace so he’s walking in step with him; Tony grins at him, looking at him out of the corner of his eye. ‘You keeping tabs on me Spangles?’
‘You’re nearly forty years too late for this rant, Cap,’ Tony laughs along with the other dark haired man. ‘And trust me Mom and Peggy already had a word with him.’
‘See you later, Tony,’ she says with a smile and shake of the head.
Wade shakes his head. ‘Nothing. We might have to bring it up with him.’
‘Why is that a problem, Peter?’ he asks gently.
‘You’d be surprised, Steve,’ Tony says with a smile. ‘If your friend hasn’t had a visit from Stark Industries within the week call the office and ask for Tony from R&D.’
Steve shakes his head. ‘No broken bones anywhere else just…just a lot of bruising, lack of sleep and proper food. They said you may have lingering symptoms of concussion after being knocked out, but they had to wait for you to wake up to be a hundred percent sure.’
Tony watches as the soldier continues to vent his frustration on the gym’s punching bag, occasionally turning to get some better form of satisfaction by taking it out on a poor unsuspecting chair. Luckily none of them came flying his way.
‘But…how?’ is all the king of Asgard can say.
‘I have to demonstrate my powers every two weeks,’ Wanda explains to Bucky. ‘It’s to a group of military that Rhodes picked out, and they send unbiased reports back to Ross. They’re actually pretty decent guys.’
‘So,’ Rocket’s voice breaks through the conversation, ‘what is this Christmas crap that Quill has been going on about for like the last month?’
‘No worse than anything Tony comes up with,’ Rhodes adds.
Wade looks up at him, and Steve can see the conflict in his eyes, until he finally nods. ‘Alright. I…when I was looking at stuff in that first lab I saw something that made me think…it looked like they were doing experiments. The kind of experiments that…that made me.’
‘Better than a girl whose dad tries to steal your stuff though right?’ he asks, voice thick as he holds back the wave of emotions after Tony’s confession.
‘It’s usually best not to argue with him on these things,’ he advises, ‘otherwise he starts threatening to tell Cap all these things you didn’t even realise he knew.’
Wanda looks up as Vision comes into the hotel room, clutching a handful of pamphlets. ‘There seem to be a couple of restaurants not too far from here, all with good reviews. Would you like to try one this evening or simply order room service?’
‘It appears,’ Strange says, cutting off Loki as he opens his mouth to reply, ‘that during your little experiment the apparent master of magic managed to make a mistake that resulted in you forming a mental bond.’
‘But?’
‘Peter,’ May’s voice is stern.
Peter nods. ‘Mr Stark?’
‘How about we start?’ Tony suggests, giving Steve a meaningful look. ‘I think Point Break has had a rough time so why don’t we fill them in on what’s happened here and give them time to get their heads sorted?’
The man nods and shoves Peter to the ground. ‘Take him.’
‘You’re pretty lucky,’ Karen comments as they approach two men. ‘Oh hey Foggy, I didn’t realise you’d come back. Matt this is Peter, one of Stark Industries’ interns, he says he’ll show you where the bathroom is.’
‘And it means if the hotel is shit you can just get yourself a better one,’ Clint shrugs.
‘What the hell?’ Steve asks, voice low as he pulls him up. ‘I wasn’t expecting you that low.’
The only times he enters the training room is if someone has hurt themselves and doesn’t think it’s serious enough to head to the medical wing but still want to get it checked. Or in the case of Tony Stark: doesn’t want to go to the medical wing at all but knows the team will tell him off if someone with some medical training doesn’t take a look at his injury. Sometimes Bruce really wants to question the label ‘genius’ for that man.
‘Good for you, Pepper,’ he smiles, genuinely pleased for his friends.
‘That’s not how you haggle!’
to have made your arm. This, whatever the hell this is supposed to be, is
‘Helping,’ he says, running along the corridor and heading back towards where he left Bucky.
Thanos turns and he can see Vision and Wanda still crouched at the edge of the clearing they’ve been fighting in, and their enemy moves towards them.
‘No one said I couldn’t,’ he reminds them all.
‘Sitting out you coward?’ Rocket taunts.
‘Neither am I not that person, though, and you of all people should recognise that.’
‘What’s in Long Island?’ Bruce asks.
‘I’m going to regret this,’ he mutters to himself, then turns to face the other enemies.
‘Crimes which you agreed, as part of the Council, to clear him of before his return.’
‘So do I,’ Tony mutters as he’s left alone. Taking a deep breath he closes his eyes and presses the call button, lifting the phone to his ear.
‘I brought you a banana split?’
‘Of course I’m fucking worried about your age! You’re not even legal-’
‘Wait,’ Sam says, ‘you’re aunt as in-’
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony’s been in the medical wing for over a week and the team have been taking it turns to sit at his bedside, none of them wanting to leave the man alone. In the nearly two weeks since he’d been captured Steve has felt there’s been something missing in the facility; almost like one of the lights isn’t working and hasn’t been fixed. He’d never realised just how much the inventor held the team together until now, and how much he’d relied on him.
‘No,’ Tony rasps out, ‘Valkyrie gave me something to try. But she didn’t tell me she’d put it in my next
‘You have no idea how much of a relief that is to hear,’ Steve laughs.
‘Ah don’t mention it. Right let’s see if we can make you a Fred Astaire.’
Bucky looks to Steve who just nods, keeping his eyes on the road. ‘Alright we promise not to tell Tony,’ the dark haired man says. ‘On one condition: the moment it gets worse you tell one of us straight away. Deal?’
‘Yeah I think I sobered up about five minutes ago but I was just making sure. I better get in, Steve’s right it is pretty cold out here. Sorry I woke you up. See you Christmas Eve. Goodnight.’
‘Seven.’
‘Why?’ she asks.
‘Valkyrie.’
Peter knows the exact moment May realises the truth. ‘It was just after I got my powers,’ he knows he has to tell her anyway. ‘I wasn’t at Decathlon, I was trying out my new abilities. I heard the mugging happening and just… I had to do something. So I jumped down without looking at what was happening.’
‘You taught me plenty,’ he reassures her, pulling Steve along behind him. ‘I just can’t always find room for everything alongside the equations up here,’ he points to his temple.
‘I’ve managed to slip in and steal it a couple of times,’ Loki points out quietly.
‘What took you so long?’ the man coughs. ‘You stop for drive thru or something?’
‘One thing at a time, Cap,’ Tony says gently, putting a hand on Steve’s shoulder. ‘How about you three go and debrief with Fury? We’ll get hold of Strange and see if we can get some of this multi-verse stuff cleared up. Then we can discuss more about it later. Like after dinner when everyone is rested and fed.’
‘What shall we do sir?’ his worker asks.
Love always,
he muses, running a light finger down the smooth cheek and letting it rest on his bottom lip.
Scott runs and jumps, catching the gauntlet as Wade throws it in his direction. As soon as his hands touch it, though, the alien army, that has finally found its way to its leader, swarms towards him. ‘Uh… Hope? You might be better with this than me!’ he yells, throwing it to his apparent girlfriend, who shrinks down and flies up to catch the gauntlet, making it appear as if its floating in mid-air.
‘Well, well, who knew Captain America could be so demanding?’ he teases, voice breathless as Steve starts placing kisses against his throat, the blond’s hands going under his shirt to lift it over his head and throw it to the floor.
‘Come on,’ Steve gently leads Tony to the bathroom, sitting him down on the toilet while he starts the water running into the bathtub. ‘Didn’t think you’d feel up to standing?’
‘If we can get all the stones together I can use one of my gauntlets like Thanos did with his,’ Tony says. ‘Where did everyone get thrown?’
‘So you’ve decided to stay?’
‘So,’ Sam’s voice breaks across the conversations, ‘anyone have any Christmas traditions we should make sure we do?’
‘I can be a quick study when I choose,’ Loki answers, still looking through the scans. Eventually he sighs and minimises the scans. ‘I am afraid I do not have the ability to fully heal you, Doctor, however I believe I will be able to do enough to strengthen your hands enough for you to do some more activities and remove some of the pain. You are in constant pain from them I believe?’
‘See ya, Cap,’ Peter’s voice is small.
‘When is he due back from his assignment?’ Bruce asks, already nervous of the man’s return. If anyone was going to make Hulk come out it would be the borderline-insane mercenary.
‘Seriously. Both of you? Absolutely hilarious. Do me a favour and quit the team and take up comedy.’
There’s a moment of silence on the end of the phone and Tony is just about to check he’s still connected when May responds, tone cautious. ‘The same we do every year; we’re probably going to stay here and eat too much food and watch stupid Christmas movies. And I’ll ban him from even thinking of going on patrol.’
Tony honestly feels like the other man punched him in the gut with those words.
‘Hey!’ Bucky tries to tackle him, but Steve’s too quick and dances out of the way.
‘In a second, there’s just something I need to give you first,’ he says, opening the drawer that holds his art supplies. He hid this in there as he knows Tony doesn’t go into that drawer; just as Tony doesn’t like people moving things in his workshop, Steve doesn’t like people messing with his art supplies so he knows the genius wouldn’t have looked in there.
‘There’s nothing here I can’t do back at the house now. Is there anything you want to grab while we’re here?’ he shuts down the screens, unable to look at any more information. Unable to face their failure for the moment.
The Cloak does its version of a nod and gestures for him to follow. It leads him up another staircase and along a corridor, before taking him off to the right and through a door into a sight that makes his jaw fall open and him stop in his tracks.
As always here's your sneak peek:
A/N: Two double updates in a week? I know I'm spoiling you haha!
‘Trust me someone knows where I am
excuse?’
‘Hey!’ the inventor frowns from where he’s standing at the side of the training room. ‘I’m not crazy. I’m eccentric! And a genius.’
‘What the hell happened to you?’ Tony asks when they finally get out of the elevator, Peter still chattering away like a noisy satellite.
A/N: Hey everyone, I hope you enjoyed this chapter because I have a surprise for you: double update this week! Mainly because the next chapter is called "Date With Deadpool" and I didn't think you'd want to wait a whole week for it.
It felt like his family was home.
Strange shrugs. ‘I shall have the Time Stone away from Kamar-Taj so they will not be together at least.’
‘You mean apart from make sure you actually do what you’re
Before he can stop him, Thor has crossed the room and brought Loki into a bone-crushing embrace.
‘Come in,’ Steve calls, putting down his pencil and looking up to greet his visitor. ‘Hey Sam.’
need the Winter Soldier coming to pick him up alone.
‘You know I said earlier we need to do this more often? Can we skip the alien invasions next time? Because I feel that we tend to do a lot of alien invasions when we’re in New York and we really need to broaden our dating activities.’
Tony reaches the common area to find Natasha sitting with Wanda and Rhodes in front of the TV.
‘Nah, you just want to smother it with burger sauce and it’s perfect.’
Sam, Steve and Bucky take Quill to get the Christmas trees and when they return Wanda and Peter are leading the mission to decorate the facility.
is complaining about the cleanliness.’
‘I hate it when he does that,’ she grumbles.
‘Why do I have a bad feeling about this?’ Tony mutters to himself before going to place his own call.
By the time he’s climbing the stairs up to the common area, Peter is regretting agreeing to the cheeseburger as its currently doing flips in his stomach. When he finally walks through the door most of the team is gathered there.
‘Thanks, Pep.’
‘He called Peter your “precious intern” just like Hammer did in the call,’ Natasha realises.
‘Oh of course. How silly of me,’ he replies, gesturing to the kneeling man. ‘Ah we have more guests, Anthony. I thought you’d all want to see how your dear friend is getting on.’
‘What about other organisations as well?’ Peter asks.
‘Not a reason.’
‘Lorena? That was my-’
‘No,’ Peter admits, looking back out the window. ‘Wanda promise me you won’t tell anyone and promise me you won’t freak out?’
Natasha looks between him and Steve, then nods. ‘Alright. Fifteen minutes. Rhodes is watching the whole time on the cameras, I’m in there with you and Steve is sat outside. The minute I tell you to get out you leave without argument, is that understood?’
A low groan comes from the super soldier. ‘They are really not as friendly as they pretended to be.’ He manages to push himself onto his back and Wanda tries to bite back on the whimper that escapes at the sight of his bloodied face.
‘You’ve been spending too much time with Bucky,’ Sam frowns, glaring at the aforementioned soldier who starts sniggering.
He shakes his head. ‘No thanks. Been a pretty quiet evening so far so I’m not really hungry.’
‘Tony you’re rambling,’ Pepper interrupts him with an eyeroll.
Tony watches as Peter lets Wade slip an arm over his shoulders and thinks he should make sure he speaks to the boy soon before “I Won’t Say I’m In Love” really does become the soundtrack to his life.
‘A house party and you didn’t invite me? What if I’m insulted and say no?’
no information, Thor, that’s the point!’ Tony snaps, not tearing his eyes from the screen.’
‘I’ve not got much for you, Peter,’ Matt’s voice comes over the phone, ‘but I may have something.’
‘Thank you, my friend,’ he says, his head falling to his hands.
‘Well I learned to knit for a mission once-’
‘And you don’t?’ Rhodes asks.
It’s true, the dark blue dress she has on makes her look stunning. ‘Thank you,’ she says, smiling widely. ‘You don’t scrub up too bad yourself, little brother. Should I be coming to your school dance to keep all the girls off?’
‘Yeah Pepper’s starting to get the last of the guests into taxis,’ the soldier says, ‘then it’ll just be us. I think I heard Tony bribing the DJ to play a couple more songs after everyone else has gone for the team. Knowing Tony we could still be going by the time the sun rises.’ Steve simply chuckles in agreement, which rapidly turns into a full blown laugh as they watch Peter attempting to teach Vision a dance move Steve is certain is called ‘the robot’.
Tony has a bad reaction to going swimming, and the team decide they need to intervene in their resident inventor's health.
‘Let me guess he told Fury to piss off?’
Steve walks in to the common area and immediately regrets the decision as a cackling Peter dodges around him, just out of Bucky’s grasp; then proceeds to disappear.
‘Wilson still refuses to take the job and all the trails are running cold, sir, you asked us to update you every two hours.’
‘Chambers?’ Bucky asks. ‘You telling me this is more like a proper living space?’
‘Still time for an emergency,’ he mutters in her ear. Natasha just chuckles and shakes her head.
He ignores the last comment as they weave between the crowds of students all heading in the same direction. ‘I’m not sure what he needs to know.’
‘Yes boss.’
Tony rests a hand on Steve’s arm to stop his angry response. ‘Tell us what’s going on, Fury,’ he says, ‘because you’re being bitchier than normal.’
‘Yeah,’ he croaks out, looking straight into Bucky’s eyes. ‘Thank you. For what you did for Steve, for what you do for the team. But most of all,’ he feels the tears travel down his cheeks as Bucky’s fist that is raised ready to knock him out, lowers a little, the fist not quite as tightly formed as he repeats words from the presentation he did months before, ‘thanks for accepting me, an awkward, nerdy kid from Queens, and for being my friend.’ He swallows. ‘I’m sorry I failed, but I’ll never stop trying.’ He looks over and catches Wanda’s eye. ‘I promise.’
‘Perhaps instead of a new feast table each year,’ Thor says as they make their way steadily back to the facility, ‘we could add carved decorations to this one to show something that has happened during the year.’
‘You’re referring to Miss Maximoff I assume?’ he asks.
‘You’re too good to be in my life,’ Tony replies, trying to blink back tears.
‘Only if you join me,’ Tony says, turning his head to face him and running a hand down the golden body in front of him.
Natasha watches as Vision climbs in last, closing the door behind him and settling down next to Wanda; she can’t help a small smile at the sight of the two of them, they look much happier now they’re together.
‘Let me guess he’s managed to hurt himself and doesn’t want to go to the medical wing,’ Bruce sighs, ‘I swear if he ends up being as bad as Tony I’m going on strike.’ The kid wasn’t quite as bad as Tony in a lot of ways yet, but the scientist has a feeling that if he continues spending so much time with the billionaire then it’s only a matter of time before Tony has his own mini-me.
‘Yeah, but this way there’s less whining,’ Steve smirks, giving Peter a hug. ‘See you soon, Spider-Man.'
‘But I still need to tell them about the special!’
He simply sighs as Nick moves further into the room. ‘I’m sorry I didn’t tell any of you this was coming, but if Ross caught wind of it I wanted you to all have deniability.’
‘Peter I need you to shut up,’ Tony snaps, Sam sees him snap his mouth shut and step back to the side, eyes down. ‘I need all of you to shut up and let us finish this, because there’s way too much energy being sent around near combustible fluids.’
Thank you so much for all the love and support you've been sending throughout this series. I hope you enjoy this chapter, as always please let me know what you think. We've been following Infinity War quite closely and this is where we now start to break away again. Anyone want to make any guesses as to where Strange sent Lorena? Or who Okoye might be referring to?
‘Did you want someone to come with you to the Sanctum?’
‘Deadpool,’ he growls, unceremoniously dropping the red suited man the rest of the way. He stays hanging where he is, bringing the phone back to his ear which he’s miraculously kept hold of during the drop. ‘Sorry Happy I’ve just to deal with an idiotic fanboy. I’ll call you when I get home. If you get reports of a masked man being webbed to a wall saying he’ll die of hunger ignore them. He won’t die.’
he looks up from the solid pillow he’s made use of during the night to remember Steve had stayed. Propping himself up on his elbow he takes advantage of the rare opportunity to properly look at the soldier at ease; one of Steve’s arms is wrapped around his waist and it tightens a little in his sleep as Tony moves, and the inventor can’t help but smile when he settles again, face turning to him in his sleep.
‘Stupid bastard,’ Bucky mutters.
‘You obviously haven’t seen the media footage from the time of the accident. At first it was all sympathy and what a great man he was. Then it was ‘Well if he wasn’t dealing in weapons maybe he wouldn’t have ended up like that’. The kind of crap I imagine they pulled when I was taken in Afghanistan.’
‘You seen Pete around anywhere?’
‘Where do you suggest?’ Steve puffs, still sounding a little disorientated.
The next few days after the team’s ‘intervention’ for him had gone much better than Tony had anticipated. When he and Natasha had got back from the meeting with the Council Sam had come to speak to him to suggest he only spoke to a couple of the team about his hydrophobia and flashbacks.
useful.’
Vision nods in understanding. ‘Have you told anyone else about this? Have you spoken with Tony whilst you were training before?’
‘So we basically have to thread these through each other right?’ Sam eyes the contents of the table as if they’re going to start trying to strangle him.
home, Tony,’ Steve sighs, ‘you know so you can get on with some of that work that Pepper is always complaining you need to get done?’
And really, Tony muses, as they start on their third carol, he can’t think of a time when he was more proud of the team than he is right now.
‘Bucky?’ she kneels down at the bars and reaches through the bars, just able to brush her finger tips against his hand. ‘Bucky?’
‘Everyone else: once Clint’s blown that door we go in. Scott I want you small and searching for Tony.
‘Of course I did,’ Steve replies, ‘you were letting my friend
‘I think you’re more ready than I am,’ he responds with a smile.
A/N: So....who was expecting that? Hope you enjoyed this chapter, please let me know what you think about this little turn of events!
‘You talking you and the Star Spangled Man by any chance?’
‘They wouldn’t have to know.’
‘Are these your parents?’ Peter asks, coming to stand next to him.
‘Of course not,’ Sam grins, shaking his head. ‘We do seem to be picking up all kinds of waifs and strays as a team don’t we?’
‘Just come and open some presents,’ Steve sighs, ‘since we’re all here now.’
Wanda looks over at the picture of her brother, a sad smile on her face. ‘He brought me here a few days after I got back. He asked if I was happy with what was on the plaque, and that he could change it if I wanted him to.’ She laughs a little. ‘I thought the superhero name was fitting. He said he’d made it so we could remember all the important people. Piotr was the first one he put up, saying it seemed fitting the first Avenger to give his life was the first to be remembered here.’
Ned bursts out laughing. ‘No, those two are so far away from being an item. Peter’s got himself a boyfriend.’
‘What happened?’ the man asks, tone unusually serious.
A/N: Hi everyone. Well that's the end of the first part of this series! Thank you so much to everyone who has supported this series and for all the lovely comments that you've been leaving.
‘You seem to make him happy, Wilson,’ he hears Natasha say. ‘Keep it up and I’ll lay off the threats.’
‘Not one for subtlety is he?’ Matt asks, joining them.
And of course here's your sneak peek:
‘Thanks Snowflake,’ the merc grins, chewing noisily around a mouthful of burger. ‘Oh, and by the way, Tin Can, Pete phoned me and he said he’s landed and they’ve got to the hotel fine.’
Peter’s jaw has fallen open, his eyes impossibly wide and he looks between Bucky and Tony. ‘How did you know about that?’
‘Yeah, it’s waiting with Happy.’
‘You know, Spidey,’ the normally mouthy merc says after a few moments of silence. ‘It feels like you’re the only one who gets me a lot of the time as well. If that Hammer guy comes within twenty feet of you, let me know. I may have to ask for a pass on the no killing rule though.’
As Peter closes the door behind him, still shaking his head, and heads towards the common area again the absurdity of the situation catches up to him and he bursts out laughing.
‘Hmm,’ Mama eyes him over her glasses, ‘well you’ve got manners, young man, which is more than most these days. You think you can keep Tony in line?’
‘I dunno,’ Bucky shrugs, ‘probably Wanda.’
Fury sighs as he ends the call after having spoken to Natasha, Bucky and Wade. The fact Ajax had escaped with the knowledge that Deadpool was working with the Avengers was nothing short of disastrous with regards to their plans.
‘So why
‘Too damn fucking right you are,’ he replies with a light smack on Peter’s ass.
‘And Spider-Man? You said he had plans there?’
‘Positive, Cap,’ he feels his body slip into the stance Natasha taught him. ‘Give me your best shot.’
‘Yeah,’ he says, ‘just glad to be back home, Dad. I missed everyone.’ He feels Tony’s surprise and wonders if maybe he shouldn’t have said that. ‘Sorry, I mean- do you mind if I call you that? I know I have done a couple of times but never like this and I just-’
‘I’m refusing to look because I am not going to spoil his evening.’
‘Oh I’m so sorry, Mr Barnes-’
He crosses his arms over his chest. ‘Give me my tacos.’
But if she ever wants a training session to just be a bit of fun and release some frustration, she’ll ask Tony to give her some new tech that needs testing. And that’s why she finds herself knocking on the door of the inventor’s workshop and stepping through the door as it glides open.
‘Unless your clock is wrong,’ Steve raises an eyebrow. ‘You alright?’
‘Yeah,’ Steve’s voice is strangled. ‘Yeah we are, Tony.’
‘So I blasted him across the room,’ Carol calls from the breakfast bar.
‘Necro-what?’
‘You know, Cap,’ Tony says, pushing back against the railing, ‘I think you might be on to something there.’
A/N: Hi everyone! Sorry for the short chapter to finish off the story with, I hope you enjoyed it! Next week will see the epilogue and the return of two characters we haven't seen in a while as they meet up with some absolute a-holes. That's all the sneak peek you're getting I'm afraid!
‘Can’t your magic cure it?’ Sam asks.
He’s doing a terrible job of it.
?’ Wanda asks with a giggle. ‘Ok spill. Tell me everything!’
‘Yes. I’m betting on you. Win me money and you stay as long as you want.’
‘Think we can do it, Baby Boy?’
‘What’s your plan, Pete?’ Steve asks, and he just has time to feel the building warmth in his chest at the trust the super soldier is showing in his planning abilities when the platform makes an unexpected lurch and he goes sliding off the side, just barely managing to grip the edge with his fingers. ‘Pete!’
‘And there’s what? Five, six of you?’ he purposefully keeps his face turned towards the terrorist as the bindings come free, Wanda holding the vest in place. He lowers his voice again, ‘FRIDAY prepare me a knockout dart.’
where they’d run off to, you’re just being polite.’
‘You nearly got suspended until I worked out what had happened and told the teachers.’
‘Shall I tell you what I think then?’ Steve says, trying to find a way past the wall the dark haired man has insisted on putting up. ‘I think that there’s something more to you liking Tony than you first let me believe isn’t there? Was it actually reciprocated at one stage?’
‘Alright, alright, we’re ready. Let’s get out of here.’
know about the smart-mouthed-merc.
Peter shrugs, standing up and holding out his hand. ‘Only if I get my tacos.’
‘Hey who do you think would make the biggest scene? Tony Stark or the Winter Soldier?’
‘Right,’ Tony says, putting the teenager on speaker so Steve can hear as well. ‘So how did you end up drunk?’
I have actually finished writing the story now, so there may be the occasional double update in the future. I'll take a short break from writing fanfiction as I want to do a bit of work on my original work, before coming back to this; so I'm hoping the fact that I've got a couple of month's of updates all ready for going up here means that there won't be a gap as such between finishing this story and posting the next one for you guys.
the worst is that could happen. He did promise Steve to not leave any projects running in the background though.
‘Next year you and me are getting the tree and leaving those two behind,’ Sam agrees with him.
‘I am Groot.’
‘Someone who avoids the fight as much as possible,’ Clint agrees with a sigh. ‘And look how well that turned out.’
They stay there for a good twenty minutes, Peter’s legs are going numb by the end of it, but he’s got names of people they supply to, the drugs they’re selling, names of their suppliers, and dates of meetings. Despite the numbness in his limbs he’s feeling pretty good about the situation. He’s not sure how he could have done a more thorough job.
be able to manage it. Theoretically anyway.’
Steve tries not to blush as he follows Tony to the kitchenette and takes two mugs out of the cupboard; he can feel Bucky’s grin blazing into his back as he goes.
‘Big talk for someone still standing on the poolside,’ Bucky taunts, spluttering as Steve sends a wave of water into his face.
?’ Tony asks, biting his bottom lip and fighting back a grin.
‘You boys want dinner?’ she asks.
‘Yes, and Strange put me in a separate pocket of reality,’ Loki adds, ‘why would I want to spend more time with the third rate illusionist?’
‘You’re initial invitation to stay here was because of Thor,’ Tony cuts him off yet again, ‘but you’ve earned the right to stay and to be a part of this team on your own merits and by proving to us that you’ve changed. Hell you saved Peter’s
‘Don’t be too glad to see me, Cap,’ Fury sighs, sinking into a chair. ‘Because I don’t have all good news.’
‘You mean you didn’t actually cause her to have all her hair cut off?’ Peter asks, looking over at the god.
(See the end of the chapter for
He wanders through the room between some more cabinets, shoving his hands in his jeans pockets so he isn’t tempted to touch anything. He’s not entirely certain none of it would explode if he did. Or transport him to another dimension or something.
She laughs and shakes her head. ‘No Steve being really confused about you is hilarious. Do you think you can keep to the deadline?’
‘Only thanks to you I assume?’ he asks, using his metal arm to rip aside the debris until eventually he’s able to pull Wade from the wreckage of the warehouse.
Steve is about to turn on his heel and walk back into the party when he makes himself stop. ‘Tony I… thank you.’
‘-and FRIDAY will notify us as soon as someone has stepped out of bounds,’ Steve finishes with a frown at Clint. ‘FRIDAY is the AI who runs this facility, and she’ll be happy to help with anything you need. Care to introduce yourself, FRI?’
‘Uh huh,’ and Tony can practically hear the phone bouncing in the teenager’s hand as he nods. ‘Yeah May and Stewart were
‘Wade what are you doing with that wreath?’
‘Harry Osborne,’ the brunette folds his arms over his chest, staring Flash down with a look that is remarkably like his father’s, ‘since you’re so obsessed with your own importance maybe you’ve heard of my dad: Norman Osborne, owner of Oscorp.’ Peter has to try not to laugh at the way Flash’s eyes bug out of his head. ‘You might think that you and your crowd of spoilt brats is who I should be spending my time with, because money should stay with money right? Well you can piss off, Thompson, I’ve spent years around false people like you and I’d rather have Pete as a friend. He at least will only be friends with you if he likes
‘On your left, Cap,’ Sam says through their newly linked comms, and comes flying over Tony and Peter’s heads.
come first for me, even before I realised it.’ Natasha nods and gives him a soft smile before turning back to watch the two soldiers. ‘I did wonder if you two would get together you know,’ he says.
‘Oh yeah because we really need those two winding each other up,’ Tony rolls his eyes. ‘Send him with Sam.’
Tony’s face lights up. ‘Pepper you’re a genius.’
‘Woah, hey dude, yeah no we’re not at that level of friendship yet-’
May just sighs. ‘No going out on patrol still.’ Peter shakes his head. ‘Alright, just be careful and make sure you pass anything on to Natasha alright?’
The next story in the main series may take a while to upload, I'm in the process of applying for a masters degree so it might take me a bit longer to finish the next story and I don't want to do what I did with this one where I can't keep the regular updates coming. You know as soon as I start posting it, though, that it is finished.
Peter pulls his friend into a tight hug. ‘Thank you.’
Tony pauses. ‘I promise to consider it once you tell me what happened.’
‘I’m sorry MJ it’s my weekend with the Stark Internship,’ he replies, feeling bad about having to let the team down.
‘Thanks, Nat,’ he grins, and starts to unwrap the box. Loki notices Tony looking nervous and raises a questioning eyebrow at the man, to which his reply is a shake of the head. ‘Um… Tony I’m guessing this is from you, but why do I have a Stark Industries badge? I mean…I don’t get it.’
‘Must admit I’m impressed with your instincts, Pete,’ Steve says. ‘You recognised the room straight away despite everything we did to throw you off the scent.’
Steve nods. ‘T’Challa said he’d be ready to get us home within three days of you getting the all clear. He’s going to speak with Tony and Secretary Ross to arrange it all in the morning. I’ll be back with you soon.’
‘You carry on in this fashion and you won’t be around much longer,’ Loki snaps, he looks to the Cloak. ‘Can you fetch Wong?’ It nods and flies off.
‘Thor I’m not going anywhere, you oaf! I intend to stay here as long as I am welcome.’
‘Trust me, we were more surprised when Loki brings him back and just
‘Have the Council said anything more about what happened with Ross?’
‘What are you doing here?’ she breaths in disbelief.
first, and everyone else second.’
Wanda notices the atmosphere in the room get tense and glances at Tony out of the corner of her eye. His shoulders are stiff but his facial expression hasn’t changed.
‘I think that’s a fantastic idea, Peter,’ Steve smiles at him. ‘I know I wouldn’t have been able to do half the things I did without some of the people around me in the war.’
‘You are impossible,’ Steve laughs, but gently helps Tony shift over so there’s enough space for him to sit next to him. When they’re settled he pulls Tony against his chest and watches as he opens up one of his smaller projects and starts working on it.
‘I…’ he can feel tears welling up. He knew he and Wanda were close, but he’d never thought they were close enough for Vision to consider him the best person to ask
against you.’
‘Clint saves
‘You warm me up from the ice and I’ll pull you out of the water, right?’ Steve reminds him, it’s become something of a catchphrase for them that they say after they’ve pulled each other from nightmares. Tony’s only response is another kiss. ‘We should go have a shower.’
Just then a great hulking beast that Bucky honestly has no idea how to start describing crashes through the opening in the barrier and barrels through their forces, scattering fighters from both sides in all directions.
walk to and from the auditorium?’ He nods enthusiastically. ‘And to let one of your team know the
When Clint and Natasha re-enter Clint is looking much calmer, but he’s still challenging Bucky for top place in the glaring competition; Loki, Tony notices, just takes it in his stride, almost accepting it. Clint does get fired up again when he realises exactly who Wade is. ‘Oh no hang on, first Loki and now
Clint looks over to Nebula. ‘She was your sister wasn’t she?’
‘We good?’ Peter nods and gives him a small smile. ‘Want some more tacos?’
‘They’re not going to last,’ Bucky curses.
doesn’t want to face Tony again just yet. ‘Any idea where I can find the Colonel?’
‘Yeah and I think I know why.’
it’s a woman, flies down glowing with some kind of weird light and takes the gauntlet from Sam, flying through the Chitauri gliders as if they were nothing but paper screens, and lands in front of Wanda. When the light fades her blonde hair falls down around her shoulders and she holds out the gauntlet. ‘Looking for this?’
‘You are the one keeping a firm barrier up, Bucky,’ his voice is quiet. ‘It would be good to know why.’
a boy you’re seeing isn’t it?’
‘Spidey!’
‘And Scott,’ Tony nods, ‘and Clint who officially is retired; and T’Challa who isn’t officially a member of the team.’
‘Oh wow. Oh this is
‘It was pretty funny,’ Betty giggles. ‘You two must go way back.’
‘Sure thing, bird brain,’ he smiles half-heartedly at him.
‘I’m alright,’ he mutters, sitting up and trying to ignore the fact everyone is staring at him. Harry’s on his other side, and his other friends are trying to give him some space by keeping everyone back.
‘Ready to go save Thor?’
‘Seriously? Do you think I’d be allowed?’
to him?’ she’s breathless with laughter now.
‘Here we are,’ August says, gesturing with outstretched arms. ‘The markings are over here.’ He leads them to the far wall where Steve can see there are some markings carved into the wall.
‘Yes, Mom. You and Tony are as bad as each other you know that? I’m not going to be surprised when you two get married.’ He closes the connection before Steve can form a response.
‘Oh yeah, you’re definitely sticking by me,’ Natasha laughs.
‘Spoilsport,’ Wade calls from the kitchenette.
‘We’re going to win, right? We’ll all be alright?’
someone there with him,’ she adds, ‘to make sure he kept focussed on the goal of shutting down the lab and not just on taking out an individual.’
‘Maybe it’s a bit of both,’ the mercenary laughs as he goes to join the trio. Tony watches as Peter all but lights up when he catches sight of the man and almost subconsciously leans into his side when he starts talking to Loki again. He also notices how Wade relaxes slightly after a few minutes of conversation, obviously coming to the conclusion that the gods are no threat to the teenager.
‘The team should be in Vienna by late afternoon, they’ll be ready to meet with you this evening. I’ll meet them when they land and then go to see Spider-Man.’
‘We have a very vocal ally within the UN,’ he explains as they all follow him towards the rooms they’d had before. ‘The king of Latveria is a strong supporter of the new Accords and his ambassador has been very supportive. They are not a large country, but steadily gaining in prosperity and influence and have expressed similar concerns to those I raised. Other smaller and less influential countries have now gained confidence in expressing their own reservations because of this and we are gaining ground.’
‘Still a teenager.’
irresponsible.’
The team are in the common area discussing the next week when Tony gets the text.
‘Steve?’ The soldier turns to look at him at the question. ‘How bad is it?’
Matt chuckles as he goes towards a toilet stall. ‘I am blind. I just use my other senses,’ then he proceeds to briefly explain how he can ‘see’ whilst still being blind. As they leave the bathroom and Peter returns him to his friends Matt leans closer and says in his ear. ‘Maybe you should think about the real reason you’re protecting Deadpool,’ he suggests.
‘You think I don’t want him back just as much as you do?’ Steve counters, voice rising.
‘Hey, yeah no worries Karen,’ Bucky is laying in bed, but he’s looking a lot more alert than he has in so long that Steve feels like crying.
‘Nah, it would have shown itself long before I killed him if he had.’
Peter smiles up at him and nods. ‘Yeah, thanks Sergeant Barnes.’
‘I’m guessing everyone’s waiting for me to climb up into the attic to get the decorations right?’
‘Now you’re getting it, Spider-Man,’ Steve’s a little out of breath but Peter can tell he’s coming in for another attack. They continue to dance around each other, Peter doesn’t attack as regularly as Steve, waiting until the man is close enough for him to guarantee landing a hit before he retaliates, not wanting to waste energy.
‘Neither did I,’ Wanda copies him.
‘Alright Spidey what the fuck is going on? You’re scaring me now.’
He sighs and puts his head in his hands. ‘Yeah I know,’ he nods, ‘but I’d rather go back to square one and start from scratch than end up as Ross’ pawn, or worse HYDRA’s.’
‘Tony don’t do anything rash,’ Natasha says, she sounds out of breath and Tony wonders how long he has until one of the others gets there.
‘Well as long as my school is here I’m going to be checking to see where they are every few minutes,’ he grumbles.
‘You could come and join us,’ Steve says, collecting the cards to shuffle them. ‘Bucky just lost to me again.’
‘Sometimes I swear he’s less mature than Peter despite being like four times his age,’ Wanda sighs. Strange chuckles.
‘Don’t worry, Sam, I’m sure I can explain this so even your bird brain can take it.’
‘Lokes I don’t-’
Bucky grabs his weapons from the passenger seat, strapping them on with the same kind of detached habit as he had when he was the Winter Soldier. ‘Tell us when you’re a couple of clicks out.’
‘I guess that makes some sort of sense. What’s the new year going to be giving you?’
‘It was so boring!’ Ned exclaims, much more comfortable with the girl than he is any of the other team members. ‘You are so lucky you don’t have to go anymore.’
Tony stops typing and puts his phone away, but looks straight ahead rather than at Steve. ‘I’ve found there tends to be a difference.’
‘Indeed he did, brother. I think it suits you.’
Tony tells a bed time fairytale
Wade doesn’t respond, just pushes Peter’s mask up to his nose and presses a kiss to his lips. ‘I got my very own spider-kiss!’
‘Still can’t get over how impressive that is,’ Bucky shakes his head.
‘I-’ Loki is taken aback by the sincere comment. ‘Thank you, brother.’
‘Peter why are you attacking a blind person?’ Steve demands as he comes over, having obviously seen the previous interaction.
attempt at getting this infection under control. Hopefully we’ll be able to take him in for surgery in a couple of days. Can I call you when the arm needs attaching? I assume you don’t want to trust anyone else with this?’
YOU MEAN THERE’S MORE OF ME AND PETEY-PIE???
‘Spent most of the past week trying to work out what to do,’ he admits. ‘I’ve done all I can alone to try and protect the team, and I knew we were still going to have to do more. Ross’ stunt last night just proved it and hit home with a sledgehammer.’
‘Except for the hunt, right?’ Wade pipes up with a grin.
They pull apart enough for Steve to look into Tony’s eyes and see everything he is feeling reflected back at him. ‘I don’t know,’ the genius admits. ‘I don’t know
‘I am,’ she says, finally pulling away to let Vision greet him.
‘We’ll be back within the week,’ Steve promises him. ‘Think you can keep Sam out of trouble while we’re gone?’
‘Before or after they beat up Steve?’ Peter asks with a grin; Bucky just winks and grins in reply which makes the younger man laugh. ‘Hey Bucky?’ he asks as they collect their stuff. ‘You know you said you’d faced people stronger than you? Who were they?’
Pulling back he realises just how much he’s been using those previously forbidden words recently
’ he demands, picking her up where she’s nearly made it to the kitchen. ‘I literally had a
‘You have
‘Starting to get a little offended here, Cap. You don’t think I can hold my own against Ross?’
‘Have you looked through any of the texts Strange brought over yet?’
‘Well we’re not going to be giving you a wedding date any time soon if that’s what you’re asking,’ Tony quips, his usual light tone is back.
‘And when he does,’ Thor enters the conversation, ‘you shall not stand alone, my friend. Tell us of your plight and we shall be there to aid you.’
Just when she thinks it couldn’t get any harder.
Steve laughs as he comes into the room, sitting at the end of her bed. ‘Let me guess, he’s telling you his own version isn’t he?’
‘Well what can I say? I’m an irritating motherfucker that keeps bouncing back.’
‘Thank you, Soldier,’ a woman says, standing from one of the chairs. ‘You can go, I’ll call you when it’s time for Wanda to return to her room.’
‘Not your kid
‘You know, you could have just waited like a normal person,’ he grumbles.
‘And so were you, Buck,’ Sam’s voice is quieter now. ‘You weren’t just manipulated by HYDRA, you were captured. You were tortured and brainwashed so you couldn’t even remember your own
The soldier in charge salutes and Tony just about manages not to groan. He does roll his eyes though. ‘Sergeant Watson, Mr Stark. Our orders were to deliver the prisoner to you and ensure he did not escape.’
‘Thanks for the vote of confidence,’ he grumbles as the crowd quietens down.
‘I’m not even going to ask how you know that,’ Deadpool shakes his head. ‘Look here’s a suggestion. How about me and the walking Hallowe’en costume go take out the convoy while you lot go in and get Tin Can. We’ll head back here and help you clean up once the convoy’s dealt with. You alright with that Red?’
‘That,’ Wade declares on his return from cleaning out the vomit, ‘was disgusting. Next time can we please aim over the side of the balcony?’
‘Of course, Peter.’
he repeats to himself like a mantra.
‘That’s what we like to hear,’ Sam laughs.
‘Look I’m not saying I’m happy about this in the slightest,’ Tony reassures him, fixing him with one of the stares he’s perfected on Peter, ‘and it’s going to take a while for me to even
‘Alright,’ Thor sighs, but leaves him in peace. Loki notices him talking to Tony before he follows T’Challa and they leave.
‘Well we’ve got ours, there’s the Iron Man and Winter Soldier ones,’ Sam reaches into the box, then laughs as he pulls out a green one with a santa hat wearing Hulk on the front. ‘There’s Bruce’s; Steve’s and Wanda’s; Rhodey, Clint, Thor, even a Loki one.’
‘Are you saying I’m not good enough to be dating Captain America?’
‘We’re celebrating Yule this year as well for the Asgardians,’ he explains; then he and Loki explain to the other two about the planned celebrations. ‘You guys are invited to the party on the twenty-first if you’d like to come?’
‘We don’t actually
‘You alright?’ she asks, immediately concerned.
‘Wanting to be in bed,’ she grumbles to herself. ‘I don’t know what it is today I just can’t get it, Nat,’ she huffs, slipping to sit cross legged on the floor. ‘Maybe we should just call it a day.’
‘How did you manage to get over
‘What do you think?’
The girl just blinks innocently up at him and Loki can’t help but feel a little proud at her guileless mask. ‘I don’t know what you’re implying Tony.’
‘Tony-’
‘I’ll start doing a sweep of the grounds and start rounding up any escapees,’ Rhodes says, lowering his face plate and taking off.
‘You alright, champ?’ Tony asks, concern lining his face.
‘If Mama says someone’s a good man, you don’t argue with her,’ he says. ‘That woman is always right. Just wish I knew how she does it.’
lap for you two,’ he grumbles, ‘but for some of us it takes a little longer.’ He still follows the soldier out to the grounds and raises an eyebrow when he sees the person waiting next to Steve. ‘He didn’t tell me they’d roped you into this as well.’
snowballs with his powers.’
‘Algebra the only thing you’ve got left to do?’ Steve asks, poking his head back out of the kitchen door.
‘Well…’ he looks down at his feet, then back up and rubs the back of his head, ‘you know you said we’d need all the help we can get?’
‘Peter!’
‘Right…well I’m just going to…go make an excuse for you or something so you can finish Scott’s. Then come upstairs before someone else comes looking for you alright? Bucky was getting suspicious.’
‘I don’t believe that for a second,’ Steve’s voice is so full of conviction he can’t find it within himself to argue. ‘And I don’t think you do either, you’re just listening to your fears.’
‘So you want me to see what I can find out for you?’ Matt says. ‘Or do you want me to try and rescue Tony Stark myself?’
Tony smiles, that same small smile that Steve remembers from their first meeting. It still makes his stomach flutter. ‘That would be perfect.’
Steve laughs and kisses him, running a hand down Tony’s side. ‘You are impossible at times, you know that?’
‘Just leave it to me.’
Tony and Bucky visit his parents' graves and Bucky has his final test
* * * * * * * *
if he decided to leave. Do me a favour? Don’t pick a fight.’
‘I never said that,’ he cuts off Rhodes. ‘I’d still give them somewhere to go, but they wouldn’t be here and it’d take longer for us to sort out any problems for them. Whether we fully trust him or not we know Loki, and I’d rather do diplomacy with someone I know than someone I don’t, my brain’s too fried with everything else.’
‘Tony Stark are you saying you’ve been hacking into my phone?’ Pepper shrieks, face bright red.
‘Wait! Bucky what do you mean? I’ll work what out eventually?’
‘True,’ he sighs, taking Steve’s hand in his, ‘how about after New Year once everyone’s gone we sneak away for a break somewhere for a few days? Just you and me. I’m sure these guys will survive without us.’
Bucky doesn’t give him any platitudes for which he is grateful. ‘You know the first Christmas we celebrated after I was free of HYDRA I had no idea what to do. Steve and I had always spent it together growing up but we couldn’t go and do what we used to do as kids, and everyone else we spent it with was dead. I almost wanted to miss out Christmas, it felt so familiar and yet so different it was so disorientating. But then I realised that Christmas, or in this case Yule, is not about doing the same things you always did, it’s about making memories with all the people you most want to that you can look back on and smile about. It doesn’t matter
‘Time to channel your inner Leia,’ Peter replies.
‘And cookies?’ Peter gives him his puppy dog eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘What? Where the fuck did you get that kind of crazy idea from?’
‘Dude that would be
Natasha laughs despite herself. ‘Yes, sir,’ and gives him a mock salute.
‘I am Groot.’
‘Always,’ she winks at him. ‘I think T’Challa’s about to start speaking again.’
The team had found out about Steve and Tony the day they got together. Not because of them telling anyone, or because of video footage, but because Wanda had been the one due to sit with Tony after Steve and had caught them cuddling in bed. The girl had been so excited she’d screamed and run off to tell everyone before either of them could stop her.
‘You got any ideas Pepper?’ Natasha asks her, shoving Bucky away as Peter takes the opportunity to duck down next to her on the sofa, sticking his tongue out at the soldier.
He thinks.
‘Tony there’s something you need to see,’ she says, joining the others at the breakfast bar.
‘Testing tech,’ Natasha grins, as if it’s the most obvious thing in the world.
‘We won’t know for sure just what kind of thing is going on with these until we get them back to lab. For now treat them like you would have done the Chitauri weapon. Now less chatter people, it’s hard enough to dodge these things as it is,’ Tony says.
‘We can’t take another one,’ Nebula cuts across whatever Quill and Rocket were going to say.
‘Oh great another psychopath,’ Hammer snarls. ‘Just how many of you are there?’
‘Want to fly, Cap?’ Tony offers.
‘Tony take it off!’ Rhodes shouts. ‘Don’t you dare, you hear me? FRIDAY, ignore everything he just said!’
Loki sighs, casting a critical eye over the figure standing in his palm searching for any flaws. But she’s exactly as he remembers her, he’s spent a good deal of time creating this image, and even the smile is the same soft, loving smile he misses so much. ‘It’s our mother,’ he answers the question, offering the figure to Bucky for him to take a closer look.
‘Well boys, I’m going to head to bed so that I have
‘Big talk and not enough action, kid,’ Bucky taunts him. ‘Let’s see you make good on your promise.’
‘About twenty minutes or so? I think she said something about helping someone find the toilet.’
There’s some noise over the comms. Something about more allies arriving, about a woman with power similar to Thor and warriors. Someone named Nakia as well, who Steve remembers as the woman T’Challa is hoping will one day be his queen.
‘I know it’s frustrating,’ Tony adds, ‘because you’re ready for the next step and he’s holding back. But you’ve got to respect
‘As informative as always. No news on any movement of larger groups, but there’s apparently rumours she’s trying to chase down. Nothing concrete yet except for worlds reporting people going missing and bodies being found on other planets. Once she’s got something more concrete she’ll let us know. Nick,’ Hill pauses, ‘you can’t seriously be considering starting a team to go out and have an impact on the
‘Come on through, both of you,’ he gestures for them to follow him, ‘I’ll take you through and run some tests. Maybe I should try and get your check-up done at the same time, Mister Stark, seeing as this is the first time I’ve had you in the medical wing of your own free will.’
‘Oh is that all?’ she laughs. ‘Well how about you just give us a minute and we’ll get the other flag out here?’ She gives Tony a pointed look over Hulk’s shoulder which, thankfully, he seems to understand and talks into the comms.
Peter, already showing signs of rivalling Tony’s intellect, can never resist a new story and immediately perks up. ‘What’s it about?’
feeling that. So I lost my cool. I’m sorry.’
‘Copy that,’ Steve says, then sighs. ‘
‘Thank the Norns for small mercies,’ the warrior adds, downing her glass of wine.
‘That’s not my information to give,’ he replies to his friend. ‘Now what can I do for you, Peter? Not that I’m promising I
‘The Europe trip,’ Betty says, ‘that’s why Spider-Man was where everything was happening with Mysterio. And why he targeted our group?’
‘They wanted
‘-and I owe him my life,’ Tony cuts off the teen’s rambling; at the shocked expression he sighs. ‘Natasha told me what he did when the team came to get me out, and how he helped you out with finding information. I’d say that means I should give him a chance don’t you?’
This time Steve’s kiss is firmer, and he knows his soldier is fighting to keep his emotions under control; he gently runs his fingers through the hair at Steve’s nape.
‘Tony you alright?’ Clint kneels down next to him.
Peter laughs and shows it to Wanda, who just rolls her eyes. ‘He’s just as dramatic as you are.’
The shock clears from Steve’s face and Captain America slips into place. ‘Do not engage until we get there, this is obviously a trap. We’ll be five minutes behind you tops.’ He watches the soldier heading out of the door calling for FRIDAY to assemble the team as his faceplate comes down. He knows his AI already has his emergency exit open for him and he powers up the suit and heads off.
‘Oh come on! I want to hear this as much as you do!’ he says.
As he follows them up the corridor he gives Wanda a reassuring smile. ­
‘Are you threatening us, Mr Stark?’ the British representative demands.
resist the urge to repulsor him in the face.’
There hadn’t even been that many incidents yet. Well apart from Bucky being chased around the majority of one floor after he’d tried to shove a wreath around the top of Sam’s head; Natasha having to break up a good natured argument between Peter and Steve about the best lights to use in the garlands in the hallway; Rhodes getting tangled up in some of the said lights whilst trying to help Natasha resolve the argument and nearly falling over; and Wanda and Tony arguing for the best place to put the mistletoe. Vision was sensibly phasing through walls as soon as any energy stared getting a little too high.
‘I thought Pep had banned me from working? Something about me not being trusted when I’ve just come through trauma.’
‘And you overdid it in training?’ Steve presses.
‘Appearances can be deceiving,’ he reminds his guest. ‘But even if he is not Spider-Man he knows who he is, and can be used as leverage against Stark. And this member apparently has an ace up his sleeve in order to get information from the boy.’
‘Tony didn’t tear the team apart,’ he says, turning to face Sharon’s surprised face, ‘I did.’
Wanda turns to concentrate on stabilising Vision’s wound, as Tony looks back at the fight to see Steve and Wong both get pushed backwards and the alien come running towards him. ‘Oh joy,’ he says. ‘Buzz off gobo,’ he says, sending some blasts flying at the alien which makes him veer off course.
‘Uh… yeah that was the other day. It was a bit, um, interesting at one point but it was fine in the end.’ Peter tries to sound casual. ‘I nearly had to ask Karen to contact Mr Stark but it was alright.’
‘You remove the no kissing rule, and I’ll let you call me Petey-Pie.’
‘Way to kill the mood,’ he mutters.
‘Pete it’s not the strike on your classmate.’
‘You sure you want to go through with this?’
‘I care nothing for your friend,’ Thanos replies, ‘only the stone in his head.’
‘Semi-retirement,’ he grins back at her, ‘I don’t think we’ll be able to keep him away now. I almost feel like he needs to come back to talk to Hammer again, I mean they did turn out to be such
‘Peter,’ he says, pulling out of his mentors embrace and turns to face the merc.
‘That is not a good enough excuse.’
‘Well, yeah?’
‘Of course, brother,’ Thor’s eyes are twinkling in humour, ‘and it had absolutely nothing to do with-’
When he turns around he can’t resist laughing at the wide-eyed expression on Peter’s face. ‘Um… that’s a really good point. Wow I really should come and ask you about my shooters as well as Tony!’
‘We heading back to the facility?’ Clint asks him.
‘Well I don’t think we should be having any more anyway. It’s a shocking waste of food.’
A/N: Hi everyone. Sorry I'm a little late with updating this week, I hope this chapter was worth it though. I discovered a problem whilst writing this particular instalment: I find it really difficult to write decent fight scenes! Please do let me know if you have any suggestions for how I can improve them.
‘You threw someone twice my weight at me and didn’t give me any warning!’
‘Guess so, considering everything,’ Steve sighs, moving to sit on his bed so he’s facing Sam.
‘Aww but I was just getting the hang of that one,’ Peter complains.
‘You have no idea.’
The team learn sending Bucky to get a tree is dangerous and decorating can be interesting when the whole team is involved. Peter's not so sure he likes decorating outside trees anymore.
‘I am Groot!’
‘Because you’re going to need them to get up to the top,’ she answers. ‘Think Rocket will be able to help as well?’
‘What happened to him?’
‘He likes his books I take it.’
‘But May,’ he puts on the puppy dog eyes he knows she has trouble resisting. And Tony definitely can’t. ‘I’ve just been told I can do whatever I want.’
‘Can I send out little bombs to make it more interesting?’ Tony hears Rocket ask as they walk away.
‘Then let’s go help the wizards,’ Tony says, pulling her into a hug. ‘And thank you.’
‘Listening in on-’
Steve scowls. ‘I never said you wouldn’t be coming. Tony you’re not listening!’
They’ve brought Thor with them for the extra muscle seeing as they’ve got to get a few trees this year to take into consideration the Yule celebrations as well. They split up and wander around looking at the different trees, Bucky finds himself wandering down a corridor of pines and, as he’s about to exit to go down the next one, he sees a family in the centre having a tree wrapped up ready to take, there’s three children and one of them looks to be a few years older than the others. He’d guess about eight years older. The father and older boy look to try and lift the tree between them, struggling to get a hold, the two younger girls are bouncing up and down impatiently and their mother is desperately trying to control them.
‘You’re still as fucking mental as you always were,’ he grunts as my bullet grazes his shoulder. Really should work on my aim.
‘I heard that!’ Natasha shouts from the Quinjet.
He chances looking up as the trickster takes a seat opposite him. ‘Any ideas?’ he asks pointing to the clay on the counter in front of Stephen.
‘I thought you weren’t really getting it so I thought I’d make it official for you at Christmas,’ Steve smiles as the shock registers on Wade’s face. ‘That,’ he points to the papers in Wade’s hand, ‘is your official paperwork as a member of the Avengers. It’s not a contract as such in that we don’t need a signature and you’re free to leave the team at any time you choose, what it does outline is what we’d expect or ask of you as part of the team, who you report to in what situation, and also what you can expect from us.’
‘I’m still not sure how that classes as a Christmas film from the description you gave’.
The committee falls quiet and murmurs to each other. Ross looks like he wants to murder Tony.
what I really mean is: he told the authorities.’
‘Thor can you go over the start again? I’m still not sure how we get to
‘Surprise!’ a chorus of voices shout as the lights come on.
‘Just how old is the kid exactly?’ Bucky asks, ignoring Rhodes’ comment.
‘Oh really? And who’s your friend?’ Wade asks with an eye roll.
‘You just hope she doesn’t teach Pete those tricks,’ he counters. ‘We’ll get these people in the van, let us know if you need a hand.’
of his head and get it destroyed.’
She can’t form a response before he opens a door and throws her into the room.
She hits him on the shoulder with the stack of paperwork she’s brought with her. ‘Anthony Edward Stark don’t you
But Peter’s had a lightbulb moment, and he starts grinning. ‘Captain I think you’ve just found me my history project.’
‘I’ve known where you live for months,’ Tony replies. ‘Wow and Steve thought my room was bad when he moved in.’
‘Nope, it was a rather boring day overall. Fantasised about blowing Hammer’s head off a couple of times, I have the perfect spot if you ever want that option by the way.’
and I
‘You alright?’ Harry whispers.
‘I thank you, young master, you are a truly kind warrior. I look forwards to making your proper acquaintance,’ the god of thunder says.
‘I have one on me,’ he replies, ‘but it’s not got flight capacity, only going to be useful as armour. I’ll give it to you once we land.’
Tony’s sure his eyebrows have disappeared somewhere in his hairline. He’s never seen Peter this aggressive; judging from Wade’s expression neither has he.
‘Wade-’
‘His brain didn’t make the logical jumps it usually does, and he lashed out. And you lashed back instead of being calm like you are with everyone else.’ Bucky puts a hand on his shoulder as Steve hangs his head in defeat. ‘Steve you’re like a brother to me, but I care about Tony. If you hurt him I am going to beat some sense into you. You got that?’
Tony looks to Steve and the two of them have a silent conversation.
Fury is quiet for a few moments as he considers. ‘I’ll trust your judgement,’ he nods, ‘let them go. But speak to Romanov first, tell her she has the power to call off the mission if she thinks they’re compromised in any way. Make that clear to Wade and Barnes too.’
‘You want them slicing like this?’ Wanda asks, showing Loki the results of her labour.
‘Oh I’ve fallen from worse and been fine,’ Peter shrugs, running off to rejoin the game.
‘Pete,’ he sighs and then reaches up to brush a strand of hair off his forehead, ‘you’re the closest thing I’m ever going to get to a son. Ever since what happened with the Vulture… I’ve been trying not to baby you and let you prove to yourself, and everyone else, just how much you’re capable of. But after seeing that building site he dropped on you-’ he stops and clears his throat before continuing, ‘it takes everything in me not to keep you locked up somewhere safe. Honestly? A mercenary for a boyfriend is not helping that urge.’
‘I’ll see if I can call in help from elsewhere,’ Fury says. ‘Just wish we knew someone who had a more recent connection to HYDRA.’
‘Tony I’m happy for you two,’ he says, taking hold of both of his hands, ‘I really am. You had me worried when you went missing, sugar, and I’m not sure my head could take it if anything happened to you. Seeing you happy, seeing you getting back to normal, even if it is because of Steve rather than me, is honestly the best thing that could happen as far as I’m concerned.’
‘Sounds like a good plan,’ Steve says, standing up and visibly slipping into being Captain America. ‘Nat you know him right?’ she nods in response. ‘Rhodey and Tony need to be there.’
‘The Commandos,’ he replies, still staring straight ahead even though his vision isn’t focussing on any one thing. ‘You ever think about them, Buck?’
‘All that we saw are the times that the Symbiote has influenced you directly. There is nothing in your mind to suggest it is still able to do so.’
care about you in our different ways,’ Sam tells him, ‘and we don’t want to see you hurt.’
party we threw as a team,’ Clint laughs, coming to sit on Tony’s other side.
Deadpool’s eyes go wide. ‘You mean it? You want me to work with you?’
days.’
‘So I take it we’re starting Christmas planning today?’ he says as they pull apart. ‘First of December being our now traditional time for starting to celebrate after all,’ he laughs.
‘Whatever you say,’ he shakes his head and then moves away to join Rhodes at the breakfast bar, where the other man is pouring drinks.
ready for this. We can go as slow or as fast as we want, but I
‘I’m game,’ Steve grins, ‘anything to have another thing to tease Bucky over.’
‘Wait, what?’ his brain just short-circuited.
Steve goes to the wall in question and presses against it, watching as the wall slides away to reveal a hidden space containing a small pile of notebooks. He groans and leans against the wall. ‘Tony’s grinning isn’t he Peter?’
‘What’s also not much fun,’ Loki warns her, ‘is the amount of studying you have to do in order to be able to use it. It will mean hard work if you want to become a magic user.’
‘What you waiting for? Next Christmas?’ Wanda teases him.
‘May didn’t you say you were expecting to hear back about that nursing course?’ Peter asks before anyone can continue the conversation.
Deciding not to take any risks, he grabs the handgun from down the side of the sofa cushion, slips his mask over his head and heads to the door. ‘Who is it?’
to be so crude?’ he interrupts him with a frown.
‘You did nothing,’ he reassures him, ‘now lets get you inside so you can sleep it off, yeah?’
‘Yeah and the sake of our bones,’ Sam adds.
left. Patrols have been quiet, and even spending time with Deadpool at the end of the majority of them has done nothing to get rid of some of his excess energy. He can’t get any relief from any of the sports at school, due to having to hold back. What he really wants to do is have a sparring session with one of the Avengers, but he’s not sure he’s allowed to do team training yet; he hasn’t been invited yet anyway and he’s a little scared to ask. Maybe Natasha would give him a training session on hand-to-hand if he asked, he’s sure Tony wouldn’t mind.
Peter hisses, kicking the girl under the table.
‘Nega-you know what? That’s all part of that other story to be explained. Anyway she and her girlfriend fixed it and I started going back and trying to fix stuff in the past-’
‘Oh I can imagine what Peggy’s response to that was,’ Bucky laughs.
‘Of course,’ Tony grins. ‘Is that your only request, Captain Rogers?’
‘I grow weary of your constant chattering. Next time I shall ensure the entire human race is wiped out,’ Thanos grumbles, ripping the nanites from his face and throwing Tony off. Just as Steve hits him with an uppercut from Mjolnir.
‘In about an hour,’ he replies, standing up with his coffee. ‘We need to leave in ten minutes. Better move quick, soldier.’
‘Not in this tower we’re not,’ he argues, ‘there’s no space for one.’
Steve wouldn’t kill her if Bucky didn’t make it. But he’d get that kicked puppy dog look.
Really things could have gone a
‘Jerk.’
‘You’re right,’ Steve sighs, ‘and we should give Wade a chance to prove himself, he has been making better decisions recently by all accounts. We shouldn’t be making an enemy from someone who could be a valuable ally; and by all accounts
‘Look at this!’ Shuri shouts in exciting, grabbing the back of Tony’s chair and dragging it over to see her screen.
Steve looks like he wants to argue. Bucky laughs, ‘Stevie having to dance? Oh this is going to be hilarious.’
‘And I’ve got Scott ready on standby should anything happen, and even Strange has said he’ll help’ Tony adds. ‘Honestly Pete it’s like you don’t think Iron Man can look after himself.’
‘If you want to?’
‘What happened the last time you two had an argument Steve? Like a proper one?’
‘Older as in twenty years older and I need to be worried?’
‘I’m doing my assignment,’ Wade replies, ‘what’s your piss-poor excuse for interrupting my busy work schedule with your beautiful ass?’
‘I’ll put this axe in you next if you aren’t careful,’ Sam warns him.
Even Tony can tell Thor’s optimism is forced, Loki’s expression is strained. ‘Are you certain you do not want us to come with you?’ the trickster asks again.
‘I’ll fill them in when they get here,’ Rumlow replies, ‘this,’ he holds up the letter he was reading, ‘is an invite for the squad to the Stark Industries party next week.’
‘Yeah…just,’ Peter takes a breath, ‘when we get in, I want to check they’re…you know, actually the
Bucky looks up from the game he’s playing on his cell as Tony and Steve come down the stairs.
‘Just about,’ comes the reply, ‘we’ve got three people stuck in here with us. Hulk came out and managed to catch the roof, but I don’t think he can move it without anything coming down and crushing the rest of us.’
Wade is exhausted by the time he makes it back to Sister Margaret’s and all but collapses onto a bar stool, asking Weasel for a drink and handing over the card.
Immediately the fight goes out of him.
Loki’s amusement flows through the link.
‘I need to sort a few other things out before I go to bed,’ she says, ‘but I will be getting an early night.’
‘He’s one of my best friends,’ he admits, voice quiet, ‘and he makes me laugh. I just- I can’t imagine him
Tony winces. ‘I shouldn’t have snapped at him, he’s probably taking it personal.’
?’ Steve asks.
‘All of you stop it!’ Steve snaps. ‘We’re willing to give Loki a chance but not Deadpool? Do you realise how wrong that is?’
‘Alright that’s enough day dreaming please. We’ve got a lot of dishes to wash up and I want to get back downstairs before it gets dark.’
‘Deal,’ Peter nods, and prepares himself to face Venom’s captivity.
Wanda presses a kiss to his lips. ‘Thank you, Vis.’
‘He did
‘Alright you lot it’s time for the dance!’ Valkyrie’s voice can be heard over the talking crowd.
‘Longer than I think Peter will admit to,’ Bucky replies, looking at the teenager in the back.
‘There’s nothing more that I know that I haven’t already told you, Snowflake,’ Wade replies.
‘But I don’t feel cold. Besides it’s too hot inside and makes me feel sick. Out here I feel better.’
‘I’m not entirely sure I can, Cap,’ Wade admits, ‘not fully anyway. All I know is this is what caused whatever happened to happen,’ he pulls out a contraption from his bag and sets it on the table in the middle of the group. ‘I had a friend called Cable, who was able to travel through time using that device. It got broken when we met and found a way to stop an apocalypse, but that’s another story for another time.’
Love always,
Loki smirks. ‘Yes, so do I.’
Tony laughs. ‘It didn’t really need doing I just like doing it. Kind of been my excuse for getting close to you for years, couldn’t really let today be any different could I?’
‘Where did
Also I feel extra bad posting a pretty down chapter considering I'm sure we all need some cheering up after hearing Stan Lee has passed away. Such a wonderful creative mind is going to be sorely missed in this world. In a way to remember him I may end up posting another chapter tomorrow; he's given us such wonderful and rich characters to have our own creative time with, I'd like to give you guys a little more of this story that he and his characters have inspired.
So I'm not intending to bring all the Defenders in to this story, but I thought it would be a bit strange if Peter ran into Deadpool but never any of the other superheroes based in New York. Daredevil also seemed the most likely to try and track down Deadpool. There may be a couple more appearances from our horned friend, but he won't play a huge role.
For a second Tony thinks that his reactor has stopped working.
‘We’re in the end game now,’ Steve nods in agreement, ‘and we’ll win.’
Love always,
,’ he sneers, ‘you can’t touch him.’
Peter jumps forward and gives the big man a hug. ‘Thanks, Happy.’
Natasha and Clint are thrown aside like they’re dolls. Thor goes to intercept him, but he too is thrown aside. Then all Tony can see is Thanos.
‘It worked,’ he croaks, pulling Tony tighter against him.
what we need to focus on today.’
‘Thank you all for coming this evening,’ the announcer says, voice carrying through the speakers and around the room. Steve notices Peter on the other side of the crowd, pulling at the collar of his shirt and looking extremely uncomfortable. He would feel sorry for the kid if he wasn’t feeling exactly the same way. ‘As you know this bi-annual charity gala is funded by Stark Industries, as a way to say thank you to different groups of people around this country for the work they do for others. This year is no different. And as the theme this year is ‘Unsung Heroes’ we thought there was no better group to host this evening than the Avengers. Now I’d like to welcome to the stage Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes, known to all of us as ‘War Machine’, to say a few words on behalf of the Avengers.’
‘I was afraid you were going to say that,’ he sighs, then flies in to help their new allies against Thanos.
The last of the team arrive back on American soil, only for Tony to have to take on Ross to make sure they all stay free.
He considers his next words carefully. ‘Yes as heroes it is our job to save people and to protect them. Sometimes we can save everyone, usually when there’s smaller numbers and it’s a relatively easy situation to control, like on the ferry last year.’ He pauses for a moment and then continues. ‘And then there are times when we can’t save everyone, and all you can do is save as many as possible, while
wrong.
‘Peter, you alright?’
Sharon’s voice is suddenly cut off and Steve looks at her to see tendrils of red light around her. He spins to look at Wanda, and sees the girl looking furious. ‘Come with me,’ the young woman spits, ‘and don’t you
‘Thanos is intending to wipe out half the life in the universe,’ Bruce continues, ‘he’s already got the Power stone, and according to Thor he’ll be going for the Reality stone next.’
get the urge to kiss that excited expression off your face.’
Peter blinks in surprise. ‘Uh…yeah well we talked through things so it should be fine. Just was a bit of shock at first, you know?’
‘Nope. Those two, hands down. We’re having nothing but embarrassing stories about Steve out of you from a week,’ he says, pointing at Bucky.
‘It never came up before?’
Loki snorts. ‘A soldier goes where he is told and does as he is told and does not question; he is a cog in a larger machine and is useful only in the number of him there are. You are no soldier, you are a warrior.’
‘Excuse me?’
‘I really hate that film,’ Bucky mutters has he follows the inventor out. When Tony had first used the nickname he hadn’t understood the reference so Tony and Wanda had forced him to watch Frozen. It still made Tony smile at just how painful Bucky found the whole experience. The nickname was most definitely staying.
‘Damn, Nat, what did you say to light a fire under his ass?’
expression, the one usually reserved for Peter these days. ‘I’ve noticed the way you look at Peter. You care about him as more than a friend.’
‘I can’t-’
protect him. And the fact that you hold back from using your abilities against people that you could end up seriously hurting, even with all the reasons they give you for doing it? That speaks volumes about you, kid, it really does.’
‘Don’t sound too enthusiastic or I might think you have doubts,’ Loki smirks. ‘I can check to see if there are any lingering effects from your torture that may make you more susceptible to mind control, but I am afraid to do so I am going to have to look through some painful memories. Are you prepared for me to do that?’
‘What are you talking about-’
‘-and he was willing to risk
Steve has to admit it does smell good and he’s wondering why Rhodes is making such a fuss. The group finds out as he delights in telling them the story of Tony setting fire to the entire MIT accommodation block trying to cook omelettes.
Wade holds his hands up. ‘Sorry, sorry. I just… I appreciate the thought, Stark, but I don’t think Spidey really wants to spend Christmas looking at this mug,’ he gestures to his mask.
* * * * * * * *
‘I’ll help,’ Peter offers, then grins, ‘I can start at the top and you can start at the bottom of each room.’
‘Well, you’ve got pictures of everyone all over the workshop,’ the teenager shrugs, putting the picture down and reaching for another one. One of Maria at one of her first charity functions.
‘I like you. Why couldn’t you have dated her instead of the madman you insist to inflict on us all?’ Loki asks him.
‘We’re whatever you want us to be,’ comes the soft reply, ‘but I’d love to be able to call you my fella. If you’ll let me?’
The middle of the week finds Tony sitting in his workshop looking through everything he has on Justin Hammer. They’re still no closer to finding out where his former business rival is hiding and it’s driving him insane.
‘Definitely.’
‘Go on, Sam!’ Wanda laughs from the front of the facility.
Despite everything Steve chuckles, remembering the words from their first battle. ‘Yeah, but we picked you up a cheeseburger so I hope you can forgive us.’
Tony won the first bet: Mantis was the first one to fall to the side asleep. Rhodes simply sighs and goes to pick her up, taking the alien down to her room. Groot  almost passes unnoticed that he’s dropped out, until Rocket falls over and knocks them both over. Bruce offers to take them down to their shared room.
‘What on earth has happened in here?’ he asks, blinking at the sight of the sticky web-like substance that is covering
‘Tony’s always been self-destructive,’ Rhodes sighs. ‘But especially when he thinks he’s got something to repair.’ No one says anything more for a few minutes before Sam and Bucky head off to bed. Steve remains where he is, mulling over their resident inventor.
‘You’re a better man than I am, Stark. I’d be tearing the guy to shreds.’
‘I’d say two,’ Drax inputs, going to the cupboard and taking out a bag of chips.
Peter looks up from his book when he hears his name being called.
‘Here you go,’ she hands him a small box of different coloured baubles, ‘we need a bit of colour up there. Loki normally adds some real ice to them all anyway, if there’s too many fake icicles it takes away from it.’
‘Hey Steve?’
Compared to the rest of the rooms she’s seen this one is positively comfortable, with a fire burning and two comfortable chairs sitting next to it; small tables litter the room, with books and trinkets piled on them. A large desk dominates one wall, again filled with books and trinkets, and bookshelves line the walls with ornaments dotting some of the shelves.
She watches him go with a smile, trying to hide the fact he’s completely turned her world upside down.
‘Drax! What was that for?’ Peter demands as Drax empties a bowl of flour over his head. ‘Now I look like a ghost,’ he sneezes.
to potentially sacrifice us, but he made the call to save
‘No he’s not an alien,’ Peter huffs, crossing his arms and sinking into the seat. Then he realises what he’s said and shoots back up, eyes wide. ‘Uh, I mean-’
Bruce nods. ‘Yeah, it seems he was actually controlling Loki with the mind stone, just like Loki did with Clint and Selvig.’
‘Well at least we don’t need to go to medical,’ he shrugs, causing her to double over with laughter. He joins in and the two end up falling to the floor in a laughing heap.
Steve laughs. ‘I’m not sure
‘Err…’ Peter takes his phone out of his pocket and then groans. ‘Oops. I forgot to charge it last night. I must have run out of battery.’
‘Take him away before he tries to propose again,’ Valkyrie all but begs her.
‘Of course he is,’ Loki sighs, not moving from where he’s lying looking up at the ceiling. ‘Can you not tell him I am awake, FRIDAY? I would prefer some peace for a little longer. Tell him it will not be long before I join them.’
‘What about the other king?’ Peter murmurs.
‘What did you have in mind?’
, she reminds herself, forcing herself to take calming breaths,
make that call kid, when it’s the only option you have; when there’s no one else to do it, and there is the certainty of everyone you’re doing it for to survive. Otherwise it’s
(See the end of the chapter for
The rest of dinner passes without incident. Peter’s quite surprised to find Rhodes is making an effort to get to know Wade, Tony pulls him aside later and explains.
‘What’s the matter, Parker?’ Flash sneers as the chatter levels increase again now Mr Harris is busy handing out forms. ‘Did your buddies not think it important enough to tell you about this? Sure you’ve really moved up from being errand boy?’
‘Don’t give him the choice,’ Bucky laughs, putting his arm around Natasha’s waist and pulling her against his side. They’d been an item for a few months now and Steve has never seen the two of them happier, it’s been a relief that something good has grown out of what happened with Thanos. ‘Just tell him to move his ass and go stand out there. Besides,’ he says to Steve, ‘you can distract yourself by saying hello to all the poor sods who have come out to see you guys
Tony lets out a bark of laughter, quickly sobering up at the hurt look on Steve’s face. ‘Sorry that just wasn’t what I was expecting. What do you mean you can’t dance? You grew up before the war, there were loads of dances on then, right?’
His brother races towards Thanos, the hammer spinning in his hand, and he sends the Titan flying backwards with an uppercut from the hammer. Then he turns to Thor, a smile on his face and holds out the weapon. ‘Thank you for letting me borrow this, brother.’
Steve briefly wonders which was more obvious: Tony’s actions or his reaction to them. ‘Why?’ he asks, instead of voicing his other question.
‘Shouldn’t let yourself get distracted then Stevie!’
Thankfully no one tries to kill each other for the rest of the discussion; personally Tony thinks it’s a combination of Fury’s and Steve’s infamous stares, and a couple of Natasha’s pointed looks towards Peter that kept everyone in line. He’s actually proud of the kid for having made people wary of him after taking out Clint.
‘Enter,’ he calls, sitting up on the bed and continuing to create his latest ice sculpture.
‘Until Bruce.’
‘Loki learnt them all,’ Thor defends himself. ‘He was the one who did all that side of the ceremonial parts, I did the hunting and the stories.’
‘Alright FRIDAY get us one of each flavour,’ Tony says, ‘and a couple of sides.’
‘What the hell?’ he’s so shocked he can’t dodge the force that sends him sliding backwards across the floor. Something was different about this tone, and he
You could hear a pin drop in the silence that follows.
Tony’s been working on his portable screen the whole time Natasha has been getting everything ready for him to go and see Hammer, and FRIDAY has been working her magic for him. Suddenly a lot of things have fallen into place. Odd comments that hadn’t sat right at the time, and certain team members that had been targeted. Now he just needs Hammer to confirm it for him.
‘Of course,’ Strange responds, both he and Wong preparing their magic on their hands.
Steve rolls his eyes. ‘I’m not going to bother answering that.’
Matt just sits in silence for a couple of moments, then he nods. ‘Alright I’ll see what I can find out when I go out tonight. Put your number in my phone and I’ll call you with anything I find out.’
Wade pauses before responding. ‘Yeah…yeah I do.’
‘Because you’re one of my best friends, Deadpool,’ Peter answers truthfully. ‘Now will you please take off that mask? Because there is no way Mama Rhodes is going to let you sit at the table and eat with it on, no matter how much you might look like Freddy Kreuger.’
‘He’s the what?’
‘You’re such an ungrateful ass, Tony,’ Rhodes laughs.
with you, Wade,’ Peter rests his head against his boyfriend’s chest, ‘it’s about how much of my relationship with everyone I can show in front of others.’
‘I did an assignment in a choir once,’ she shrugs in answer when the carol is over and the residents start clapping. He knows he really shouldn’t ask, but he’s definitely going to later tonight.
‘You’re unnaturally quiet, kid,’ Tony comments as they weave through the New York rush hour traffic, heading towards the outskirts. ‘What’s up?’
‘Where?’ the archer raises an eyebrow at him.
He nods in response. ‘It is a fairly simple spell. Here I should be able to help with the worst of the frost bite too,’ he holds out his hands and Thor places one of his in them without a second thought, an action that Loki will deny warms him.
‘Errm, kind of? I mean I said ‘hi’, but not much else. I’m a bit terrified to be honest.’
‘Shall I run you a bath?’ he offers. ‘I feel like I need to make it better seeing as it’s my fault.’
‘I can think of some other ways you could keep me quiet. Or at least preoccupied,’ he says, raising a suggestive eyebrow.
Love always,
‘Did he just call me a princess?’ Loki asks from the sofa. Thor laughs behind him.
‘Mama Rhodes!’ he laughs, hurrying over to give the lady a kiss. ‘I missed you! Merry Christmas.’
‘Shit,’ Bucky growls behind him, shoving past him to get into the room. ‘Stevie go get him, I’ll cover you on the corridor. Scott get up here and give me a hand, go scout ahead we need to clear the way to the Quinjet.’
‘I’m still not happy,’ Bucky grumbles for what must be the tenth time since Tony had told everyone Deadpool was heading up.
The alien wraps it’s fist around the chain and yanks, sending the teenager flying over Tony’s head and it’s only quick reflexes which enable him to dart up and back to be able to catch him before he hits the tree he’d previously tied the alien to.
‘Things’ll be different this time,’ the first one says. ‘This guy is way better with tech than the others were. He’s modified Stark’s tech in the past. He’ll be able to do what we need to the weapons. Then we can defend ourselves when the Spider or the Avengers come knocking.’
And with those words he’s gone. Tony looks down at his watch and screams a string of curse words at the ninety nine percent that flashes up at him. Not even Steve says anything about his use of language until he’s done.
you, and we barely get you out of that shit show. The next thing I hear is Tin Can has been taken, and you nearly got taken with him, and then you’re running off to Hell’s Kitchen to go see a vigilante that, last time we spoke,
‘I’ll do my best,’ Peter promises, pressing a soft, quick kiss to Wade’s lips and pulling away before anyone can stumble across them.
Sam shuts his mouth with an audible click and a scowl.
A vibranium hand closes around his throat and drags him up to pin him against the wall. Peter finds himself looking into very familiar dark eyes, currently blank of all emotion.
‘You want to tell us where the damn things are? I don’t think they’ve had anyone in to clean the place in years, they’ve got to be hiding under a mountain of shit,’ Bucky responds.
‘See ya, Doc. Bye Cloaky!’
‘Well Hulk and I have this
‘I thought you were saying you wanted to find ways to beat me up, now you want me to save your arse?’
‘Good point,’ Steve agrees, ‘we’ll see what we can do.’
‘And I can’t create a portal anywhere out of my line of sight to get him into a separate area,’ Strange adds. ‘Unless…’ he looks at Nebula, ‘unless we still go with that plan but we use someone they are
‘Speak for yourself,’ Peter huffs.
‘Rude! Are you calling me fat?’ Bucky’s voice drifts over as he starts to bring the class round. Peter takes a breath and jumps down, landing in the soldier’s arms and being brought into a quick but tight hug.
The next hour or so is spent introducing Ned properly to each of the team members, Natasha is taking care of May and Peter doesn’t dare interrupt those two, they’re scary enough alone, together is just terrifying. The team had clubbed together and got him a range of limited edition Lego sets which he and Ned had geeked over and decided they were going to spend all tomorrow making. And no Peter wasn’t giving Tony the choice about sending his friend home this weekend.
The Secretary nods. ‘I want a full mission report when you return. And try not to screw this up, Stark.’ With that the link disconnects and the screen goes blank.
Peter tries to control his pounding heart and swallows and nods. ‘Yeah, alright.’
Love always,
‘FRIDAY?’
The Avengers go to Wakanda seeking help for Vision, before news of more of Thanos' forces arriving reaches them.
‘Yeah listen to that one Baby Boy,’ Wade calls again.
‘By the exit. But we’re surrounded,’ Scott responds. ‘What’s happening with you?’
‘Oh for pity’s sake, what do you want to say Buck?’ Steve sighs halfway through the song.
‘Maybe I’m just hoping I can bury you under enough stuff that you can’t come back and haunt me again, Wade,’ Francis taunts him, spinning two axes in his hands.
‘Do you think we should split normal pairs up?’
‘If it’s anything like your dodging of bullets I dread to think.’
‘You are the one keeping a firm barrier up, Bucky,’ his voice is quiet. ‘It would be good to know why.’
‘Class is out fuckwit!’ A shot rings out behind Peter and the man in front of him crumples to the ground, crying out in pain. Reacting on instinct he kicks the gun away as the man reaches for it, then turns to see a red-suited man bounding up the stairs.
‘The old Mark II is downstairs, kid,’ Tony says, ‘ready for you to have a tinker whenever you want.’
‘Not yet, not until they’ve talked more with Strange,’ he replies as they fall into step. ‘Besides we have other things for them to focus on before we start worrying about inter-dimensional travel being added to that list. How are preparations for the Wakandan Accords going?’
‘Can’t I just spend some time with a friend?’ she counters, taking the glove back and fitting it as she watches him change over his glove.
Here's your sneak peek:
‘Nothing,’ he winces at his defensive tone.
Peter looks up at him, a little startled, then nods. ‘Yeah sorry, was just thinking.’
‘I’m prepared to go down,’ the leader shrugs, pulling back his jacket to reveal an identical vest to the one draped around Peter. ‘We all are.’
