John thought about that first frenetic afternoon, rushing from appointment to appointment while Janine and Sherlock quarreled and made up, quarreled and made up, quarreled and made up. The colour in Sherlock's cheeks, the way he'd gradually unraveled—his hair rumpled, his clothing in disarray.
Sherlock was sitting at the kitchen table, reading. He was dressed, impeccable, not a hair out of place. He glanced up when he heard John's footsteps on the lino.
John blinks, thrown. There are quite a few people gathered around them, he realises. He relaxes his grip on Moriarty's jacket.
he reminded himself. This was not the time to be making any sort of soppy declarations, regardless of how lovely Sherlock looked.
No one knew him, there. It was good. There were no awkward, pitying looks from coworkers who had known and cared for Mary. No one eyeing him suspiciously when his mobile beeped with a text alert, certain that he'd be about to beg off a shift to chase after Sherlock.
They'd exchanged brief, stilted pleasantries. She was married now, she told him. Had two small daughters. She was happy.
There was a pull in Sherlock's chest. A long-buried, stifled urge to step forward, to fold John into his arms. To hold him close, to cradle him against his chest, to press his face into his hair and breathe him in. He had never wanted to be apart from John.
He went into the kitchen, shot her a stern look, bent to pick up the spoon. She threw her juice cup at his head. He ducked.
Sherlock ignored him, stepped out of the car and stood glaring at it until it pulled away. Then he adjusted his dirty coat—thinking, for a brief moment, that perhaps he should have stopped off to get himself cleaned up first—and stepped briskly up to the front door.
"We'll need—" he said, and his voice emerged all choked. He cleared his throat, tried again. "We'll need a box. Something secure. For this."
Sherlock's heart sank even as John lifted his hand to cup his cheek with an achingly slow, tender motion. His thumb swiped back and forth against the edge of his cheekbone, smoothing the thin skin under his eye. The words would come now, he knew. Regrets and apologies that he could no longer brush off with hasty lies.
The bathroom door creaked open, steam billowing into the hallway. Sherlock poked his head out, hair damp and sticking up in all directions.
For a moment he is nearly sick with it, with a hot wave of jealousy and longing that washes over him and leaves him reeling. They had talked about this. They had talked about it and brainstormed and drawn up plan after plan after plan. It had been theirs, his and Sherlock's.
He called up recent examples: John's face, pinched and resigned. John, shaking his head. John, with a flare of anger in his eyes that he quickly tamped down.
The intruder had accessed the flat via the fire escape, and had clearly surprised John in the sitting room. There had been a struggle. The unlatched front door and the absence of both John and the intruder, as well as the abandonment of the child, all led to the conclusion that the intruder had gained the upper hand.
He is fairly sure that Sherlock would say yes without hesitation if he turned up at the door with a suitcase in his hand and Rosie on his hip. But—
The café was crowded, bustling. All around them, people were engaged in lively, boisterous conversation. The silence at their own table grated.
John does not stop to consider next steps. He goes through the front door, back out into the warm morning sunshine.
"Clara was always telling—always telling me what to do," she says. She takes her phone out of her bag, fumbles to plug in her charger. She misses—once, twice, three times, and then gives up and drops it face down onto the coffee table. Her voice lilts up, mocking. "You drink too much, Harry. You need to take care of yourself, Harry. Never shuts up about it."
"What the hell is going on?" he managed. Blood pounded in his ears. Everything was too bright, too close, too loud.
John was acutely aware that he hadn't done this. He hadn't sat and prodded slices of cake with a fork, hadn't had endless tedious discussions about the—sweetness of the filling or the airiness of the frosting or—the precise shade of lavender he wanted for the sugar flowers. He hadn't wanted to. He hadn't any interest or inclination.
John wiped the lipstick away. Let his hand slacken so he was cupping Sherlock's face, his thumb moving gently against his cheek.
"Natural leader," Sherlock said, quiet, so quiet that John had to strain to hear him. "No wonder you excelled in the army. Of course you're miserable now."
John had seen the aftermath of many terrible storms. He'd seen destruction. He'd seen death. He'd seen silent, wide-eyed children standing amidst the ruins of their homes, their towns, their lives.
A horn blares somewhere nearby, and the outside world comes crashing back in. Someone shouts from the street. Another horn honks.
His hand trembles as he reaches for the keyboard. He is careful. So very careful. But quick. He does not have much time. Instinctively, he knows this.
"I was," Sarah says. She looks like she needs a stiff drink. She looks ill. "I was. I was there, John. And you turned her down."
She shut her eyes, breathed. He's all right, she told herself. He'd had a plan. And even if the plan didn't entirely work, it would still be all right. It had to be.
His plans included a Tesco ready meal and a date with the telly. Rosie was in bed by seven, in spite of his best efforts to entice her to stay awake. Sleep-deprived toddlers made poor company.
It had sent an unpleasant spike of jealousy through John, the sensation sudden and sour. Bile had burned hot at the back of his throat. At the time, he'd chalked it up to an excess of adrenaline, his blood still boiling from Sholto's near death and the apprehension of his would-be murderer.
He buys a small refrigerator, tucks it on the kitchen counter against the far wall. It is enough to fit milk, the occasional jar of jam, and a takeaway carton or two.
He did not respond, and she looked at him, frowned at the lost expression on his face. He was still touching his shoulder. The tips of his fingers were sticky with dried blood.
"Is that your phone?" Mary asked from behind him. She slid back into her seat, leaned across the table to peer at it. "Ooh, expensive. You know, I'm starting to revisit this whole secret agent suspicion of mine."
Sherlock blinked at him. And blinked. And blinked. After a moment, he seemed to shake himself back into awareness. "Well, no," he said. "I'm dead."
He'd told John the story one night, the pair of them tangled sweat-slicked and sated in a sagging motel bed. The room's tired air conditioner had clanked and chugged and failed to produce anything even remotely resembling cool air.
A light breeze rustled the grass. The charred bones of the house creaked and moaned, a haunted sound.
Greg frowned at him. His flushed good cheer had mostly faded. He looked older, and oddly sad. "Right, yeah, well—" he lifted his mostly empty glass. "Time for a refill, I think. Happy New Year, John."
He shivered again. Rosie was fussing, trying to find a way down from his chair and to the floor, to resume either playing with her toys or tearing her dress. He lifted her down, careful, gentle. Sat in the space she'd vacated, went back to looking at the fire.
Mycroft raised his brows at him. Then he shifted his gaze to Mary. "Now. For the other pressing matter in the room. Ms—Morstan? Is that the name you're going by these days?"
"Speaking of Sherlock," Mary said. She was standing near the wall in the little office space he'd claimed, inspecting the white coat he'd hung up on a coat hook. "You could reach out, you know. Send a text. It's been months."
He stared at Moriarty, searched for any twinge of guilt, any remorse. He found none. He thought he'd sleep just fine tonight.
He'd found himself thinking of him often. Too often, perhaps, but John could not quite help himself. Sherlock Holmes was the most interesting person he'd ever met. There was an aura of barely-restrained chaos around him, he was a wild-haired grinning menace, and John thought he might love him a little bit. Well, as much as one could love a near-stranger.
"She dropped her flowers. On the way to the altar. She was smiling and walking towards me and then—well. Like I said. Clumsy little mistake. Nerves, I thought. One of the guests handed the bouquet back up to her. She was flustered. Embarrassed."
"Well I suppose that's why he was so concerned with making sure everyone got on. You know, Sherlock was very involved in choosing the dresses for your wedding," Mrs Hudson had said, sounding a bit stern. "He took his responsibility very seriously. Spent ages worrying over colour combinations. I expect it's only right for you to return the favour."
He went up the stairs. The door to John's room was ajar, and he pushed it the rest of the way open, stood in the doorway.
"She—" John had said, and Sherlock had turned towards him, startled by the hitch in his voice. Tempers had been high, certainly, but he'd been given to understand that was fairly typical with adolescents and not to be taken personally.
"You're telling me there's another dead body up there," Lestrade said. He did not look particularly enthusiastic to receive the news.
that had hung unanswered between them had pulled him up short. Sherlock had said nothing. So in turn he'd said nothing, had instead gone on gasp-laughing and running and keeping pace with Sherlock, because it was better to still have
"There's something I need to do," Sherlock said. The street was dark. Quiet. Behind them, the lights in Kitty Reilly's flat burned bright. There was an ache in his wrist where the metal cuff had pulled up tight against resistance. Proof that John had been briefly tethered to his side. He resisted the urge to touch it.
"Look he—we didn't have a conversation. I got in the taxi and this maniac tried to kill me. I don't know what I did—if I did something to piss him off, or if—I was just trying to go home."
John went into the bathroom, brushed his teeth, washed his face. He thought about Molly, out at the pub with Greg, celebrating. He wondered where Sherlock was, what he was doing. Had he rung in the new year alone in the flat? Had he been out on a case, lit up with adrenaline and entirely unaware of the date? Or had he joined Greg and Molly at the pub, thrown back a few pints and let some attractive stranger claim his mouth at midnight?
"Oh," Pete said, following John's gaze to Sherlock and Janine. A smile pulled at the corner of his mouth as he watched them for a moment. "Off the market, then?"
"I don't know what you're trying to do," John said, his voice low. "But stop it. Just—just stop it."
He managed to unlock the door, stumbled inside, set his bags on the ground along the wall. He balanced Rosie on his hip and she fisted at the back of his shirt with her small hands, grumbling with discontent.
"Can't be any doubts this time around," Janine said. "We'll have to look like a couple, or else the murderer might start to worry he's being set up."
He looked down at the case he'd been leaning on, studied the displays. His thumb automatically went to his ring finger, stroked the bare skin where his wedding band used to rest.
He walked out of Heathrow looking like a stranger to even himself, but there was a black car idling just outside the terminal, and Mycroft leaning against it and tapping his umbrella on the damp ground in a surprising show of nerves.
They are kissing before he can wrap his mind around it, before he can even properly determine who moved first, who stepped towards who. They are kissing and he is no longer laughing; instead his heart feels as though it could burst from his chest.
He stared hard at the canvas, at the thick aggressive swirls of paint, at John's dear familiar face rendered in a way that both captivated and repelled at once.
"Ah," he said. He looked down at Rosie in his lap. His mouth had gone dry. "I—um. Haven't been thinking that far ahead, really. Been focused on the day-to-day."
"No. Christ. No." He stepped up close, grasped at Sherlock's upper arms with shaking hands. "You—um. You
London thought he was dead, John thought he was dead, but every criminal who had ever peripherally been involved with James Moriarty seemed to know he was alive. They haunted him, hunted him, pursued him.
Rosie was with the sitter. He'd made arrangements for her so that he could take his turn at Baker Street, relieving Molly or Greg or whoever had taken the shift before him. He was due there by six.
John’s hand dropped onto the sheet over Sherlock’s shoulder, but he did not tug back at the edge. Instead his hand patted once, twice, a clumsy half-caress, and then he’d doubled over, his hands on his knees, and he was making a sound that was not quite a sob. All of the air seemed to have gone out of him.
Culverton Smith had been all about his confessions. The thought still made John's skin crawl uncomfortably.
He assures her that it is, takes the plate. As she retreats down the hall he notices a similar plate on the floor in front of Fitzroy Simpson's closed door.
"Yeah it is," John said quietly, stepping forward, not at all put off. His face was soft, his eyes kind. He put out his hand, cupped Sherlock's cheek.
John grimaced, cringed away as the leather-clad hand against his face slapped at him. He opened his eyes. His head throbbed.
The spider dropped down from the table onto the floor, vanished into the shadows. Sherlock watched it go, said nothing. His skin itched.
Sherlock takes a step back, bewildered. At some point he has lost his ability to navigate and John has steered them into unchartered waters.
Sherlock caught up just as they reached the tape. He drew himself up to his full height, adjusted his coat collar.
They walked together back onto the main road. John tilted his head down against the rain. He watched out of the corner of his eye as Sherlock flipped up the collar on his tattered jacket, hid his face.
He took off his gloves, put them in his pocket. Picked her up, surprised at the heft of her. She'd been so very, very small when he'd seen her last.
Over Sherlock's shoulder, he spotted Pete dancing with Janine. She seemed to be enjoying herself, laughing and tossing her hair.
"Then why—" he asked through clenched teeth, "—do they feel the need to have so many of them in an enclosed space?"
He turned off the water. Toweled himself off. Dressed quickly and slung his laptop bag over his shoulder. He thought of Jim from IT with his flat eyes and uncomfortable smile.
"Who? No," Lazarus said. He furrowed up his brow, frowned. "Never mind. I've been compromised. I've lost access to standard communication channels and I require immediate extraction."
The lights had been on in Baker Street, and he'd stood on the pavement looking up, watching Sherlock's shadow flit back and forth past the windows. There had been no fairy lights, no decorations.
Victoria took the first dressing room. John watched her go. Lily and Evie followed, leaving him by the large mirror with Sherlock and Janine.
"I already resent her," John says. "I already don't trust her. It comes out in all kinds of ways, all the time. Everything she says, even the most innocuous things—it's always there. That doubt. And that's the kind of thing that would only—it would only get worse. In isolation. I might have—here—with other things to focus on, I might have been able to. But without that—I would hate her for taking me away. And she would hate me for treating her like our entire marriage was some sort of—some sort of noble sacrifice on my part."
"I'm sorry, Rosie," he said. She'd be all right. He had to believe she'd be all right. Better off without him.
He sneezed again, rocking forward this time, managing to keep from losing his balance and embarrassing himself further, but only just.
If Sherlock was right (and John had no reason to doubt him on the subject), Christopher Thomas had been a difficult man to like. He wondered how many of the friends offering support and comfort were secretly glad that he'd been removed from her life.
He went down the hallway with his head up, his strides confident, direct. Then he stopped, looked back. The orderly was still watching him.
His heart thumps hard in his chest. He wants nothing more than to sit down next to Sherlock on the bench, Sherlock who is cradling his daughter like she is his own, like he loves her. He wants to sit down next to Sherlock and lean against the warmth of him, turn his head, kiss him and kiss him and kiss him.
It did not make it better that Mary was not dead. She was dead to John and Sherlock and Rosie, and she would remain dead to them forever. There would be no happy reunion, no relief, no catharsis.
John had come for him. John had looked at Sherlock with sadness and concern and fondness, had put him to bed, had accepted his misguided kiss with no anger, only a gentle determined kindness. John had said—
"Probably best to send friend requests on New Year's Day," Sherlock said, an odd expression flickering across his face. There and gone in an instant. "Easier to pretend you've crossed paths in a pub the night before."
Sherlock glanced sharply at him, surprised. Lestrade had been terribly gentle with him in the past months.
"John Watson," says the Abominable Brother. His grip is firm, strong. He has small hands. Surgeon's hands. There is a callus on his right index finger.
Vivian was short and friendly and favoured red lipstick. John enjoyed her company quite a bit. She was quick-witted and lively. She had an infectious laugh. She also, unfortunately, had a dog.
Sherlock had not been mechanically inclined. He hadn't tinkered. If he'd had any intention whatsoever of replacing John's laptop, he'd have simply ordered a new one. Not—whatever this was.
He smiled at the sight of a framed periodic table on the wall. There was a tall wardrobe opposite the door, and he went to it, tugged it open. The hinges squealed. John paused, waited. He heard nothing but the sound of his own breathing.
Paranoia seemed a strange thing to miss, but he found himself missing it regardless. He'd felt more alive during the few days he'd spent assisting Sherlock than he had in years.
John smiled, his bewildered smile, the one that meant he was not quite tracking what Sherlock was trying to say. "Not the vow?"
Sherlock studied him. He tilted his head, a small, tentative nod. "Do you have someone you can call?"
Sherlock shut his eyes, troubled. He set the frame back down. The empty space at his side, so easily ignored moments ago, now seemed like a gaping wound.
John's left hand had clenched into a fist. He'd pressed the knuckles, hard, against his mouth. Did not look away from the painting.
He should be relieved, he thought. No more embarrassing situations. No more awkward conversations. No more people getting the wrong idea, always the wrong idea.
"No," John said, once again seizing Sherlock's lapels and forcing him back against the wall. His face was hot, blood pounding in his ears. The room was very small and smelled, chokingly, of Victoria's perfume.
Sherlock looks down at his clothes, at the unlikely jacket and jumper, then back up at John. There is a furrow between his brows, deep and bewildered. His mouth does not seem to know whether to frown or smile. He smells very strongly of cigarettes. "Costume is only part of the disguise, but it's an important part."
he thought. Because Sherlock was right, he was always right, and John had been foolish and stupid and selfish to think it was better to go it alone. They were better together. The two of them against the rest of the world.
They made a strange trio, John thought. Two men in matching tuxedos, a rumpled and exhausted bride. Passerby turned to gawk at them as they stepped from the taxi to the pavement.
"I'll need to go outside of standard protocol. There are associates of mine. That I trust. They should be able to—if you can reach them. They should be able to put the right people in motion."
"Sherlock," John says. His voice is strained. He gets hoarse when he has not slept well. Sherlock wonders if he knows that. "I, uh—"
He thought about the cocaine he'd stashed away underneath a false bottom in his pants drawer. Molly could be distracted, he knew. She was sharp-eyed but generally more trusting than John. At some point, she'd let her guard down. He could make a game of it, see how much he could take before she noticed.
John remembered. He remembered everything. Sherlock's quiet instruction, devoid of his usual impatience. His own stiff hesitance eventually relaxing into acceptance. The clumsy bump of their feet together with every misstep. Sherlock had been right to insist that he take his shoes off. He'd have trampled all over fragile toes otherwise.
Sherlock kissed him carefully, delicately, his hands coming up to trace patterns on John's cheeks. John hummed with pleasure, shut his eyes.
It is not working. Whatever John was hoping to accomplish over these past six months, whatever he was hoping to prove by selling the little house he'd shared with Mary and returning to build a home out of the rubble of Baker Street has not come to pass. He is a welcome presence, but he is
John struggled up into a sitting position, the coat slipping down into his lap. Watched mutely as Sherlock climbed back over the console and into the driver's seat, turned the key. The engine rumbled to life.
choices on what to do with the rest of her life had Mycroft not stepped in and taken an interest in her.
After tea, she bid farewell to Rosie. John handed her her coat. They stood together in the hallway, regarding each other in the dim light.
John takes them. Smooths them out against the RV's hood. Sherlock stands, quietly watching him. The silence feels wrong. They'd always had so much to say to one another. It seems strangely sad that things are ending this way.
He let go of the wheel, twisting around to grab for the gun over the back of his seat. John threw himself backwards out of his reach as the cab hurtled up onto the pavement, jolting, jostling. There was a brief glimpse of panicked faces through the window and then—
He'd given up his last advantage years ago. Had succumbed helplessly, enthusiastically, had let his heart wrest control from his mind. In all the time that followed, he'd never really regretted it.
John swallowed, hard. He looked down at the leash in Sherlock's hand, then back up at his girlfriend. Tried for a disarming smile.
Carefully, slowly, John lifted their joined hands to his mouth, pressed his lips against Sherlock's knobby knuckles. He squeezed Sherlock's fingers, gentle, reassuring.
Sherlock frequently lost himself in projects, neglected communication in favor of his work. It was far from the first time one of John's texts had gone unanswered.
The first gunshot made him flinch, the second one had him pounding up the stairs with his heart in his throat.
Janine hadn't seemed put off by the whole thing. Not in the least. She'd been amused, in high spirits.
Rosie squirmed in her stroller, made a discontented noise. John bent to unbuckle her, lifted her into his lap. She wriggled, reached a straining hand towards the papers on the table.
"Oh," John said, sitting upright with a sudden jolt. Awake with the speed of the soldier. "Sherlock, you—you can't go back to Baker Street. There's nowhere for you to—"
The road is bordered on both sides by cornfields, stretching up towards a blue sky dotted with lazy clouds. They have been driving for hours, and have not encountered another car in quite some time.
"Just," John breathed out through his teeth. "You're going to get fake married tomorrow, and if all goes according to plan, someone is going to try and kill you."
Someone drapes a sheet over his face, blotting out the sky. He is bumped and rattled and steered through corridors. Left turn, right turn, pause by the elevator. Blood seeps through the sheet and the fabric clings, wet and heavy, to his face.
"I guess it was," John amended. He let his head drop, his chin brushing against his chest. "A confession. I guess it was. But I didn't—it's not what you're thinking."
"Er—no," John said. "Not a good idea. The last time you saw Reginald Teller's bereaved wife, you accused her of murder."
He breathed a sigh of relief as she caught sight of a Christmas display against the wall, all twinkling fairy lights and gleaming baubles. She stopped struggling, pointed.
but it is not the kind of goodbye that comes with an axe dangling overhead, with the grim reaper waiting knowingly in the wings. It is a goodbye that speaks of happy endings, of swelling music and rolling credits that sometimes include a text epilogue over a freeze-frame picture of the happy couple, something inane like:
Sherlock met his gaze for a moment, looked away. The wind seemed to have gone out of his sails a bit. Maybe he
He looked away from her and back at the corpse with its rigid shocked face. He and Mycroft had planned for several contingencies. Moriarty had chosen for him with one pull of a trigger.
"Right. Erm. How have you been?" John said, conscious that too much time had gone by, that he'd made things unbearably awkward by dragging Sherlock into a cramped dark space and simply staring at him for minutes on end.
"Pleased?“ John cut in. "Amused? Delighted? Fascinated? Feel free to choose any of the above, Sherlock.”
"Cheeky," Janine said. She laughed, shook her head. "Majorca. I think I deserve a little sun after all this, don't you?"
Now he allowed himself a moment to appreciate it—the narrow spiral staircases that climbed upwards, the pathways that led visitors past a rich and eclectic collection of the strange, the interesting and the macabre.
He went down the stairs without looking back, his heart light. Rosie departed Mrs Hudson's sofa without a fuss, a warm sleepy weight against his chest. He cradled her close as he hailed a taxi, and turned to look at the darkened windows of 221B as it pulled away from the kerb.
John smiles back. He cannot help it. He is furious and aching and he is certain that he will find new cause for despair in the morning. But Sherlock Holmes is alive, and pressed up next to him, and that is the sum total of all he has has wanted for the last long, terrible year.
"Yeah, not helping, mate," John said. He put his head in his hands. Tilted his face towards Sarah. "Christ, you could have at least waited until we'd landed."
Sherlock blinked away the memory. Mycroft was staring at him. There was something uncomfortably close to pity in his eyes.
He'd been—he'd been on the sofa. He'd been trying to write an email to Sherlock, he'd been trying to explain, trying to—trying to—
"I barely remember it," Sherlock said, his voice very casual. "Heard the details years later from Mycroft."
John snorted with laughter, turned away even as Sherlock rolled his eyes and let out a despairing groan.
Sherlock sat down in his chair, listened to the sound of running water, listened as Rosie calmed, as her screams yielded to whimpers, and eventually, miracle of miracles, to giggles.
Sherlock froze, rigid as a statue, unyielding. And then, slowly, cautiously, he thawed. His fingers slackened, then tightened. A firm squeeze.
He glanced towards the stairs, then back at her, immediately suspicious. "What is it? What aren't you telling me?"
He'd spent part of the night at the window, holding his violin without touching bow to strings. He'd watched the rain, studied the dizzying reflections of car headlights on wet pavement, and tried not to think about John.
"Sherlock," John says, and there is real concern seeping into his voice now, real fear. "Sherlock, what—"
Sherlock looked at him, really looked at him. He often saw his brother as he'd once been, not as he was now. It was difficult to remove the filter of so many years.
Sherlock put out his cigarette, went into the small cold bedroom, crawled into the creaky bed and stared at the ceiling. He did not mean to sleep, but it took him anyway.
She took another sip of her coffee. Smiled in a strange sort of way. "Seems you're not really compatible with anyone these days."
"I'm glad you're not dead," he said, one evening. He did not make eye contact as he spoke. The words seemed to come with difficulty. "I wanted you not to be dead."
"You've known me for one day. Now you're concerned because I didn't show up for work?" He frowned, kept his gun trained on her. "And you said I was sacked."
How likely was it, really, that the first thing he'd set out to do would be to purposefully and utterly humiliate someone who had helped him?
Rosie climbs into Sherlock's lap, buries her head against his shoulder. Sherlock brings one hand up to rub absently at her back, over the pink wool of her coat.
"Fair enough," John says. He looks away from the glass, meets Sherlock's gaze head on. "I imagine sharks would have been the bane of any young pirate."
Drawers had been opened and turned upside down, his meagre belongings spilled out on the ground. His desk had been kicked over, his mattress gutted. Someone had taken a knife to his pillow. There were feathers scattered over the floor, drifting aimlessly in the air, clinging to the walls.
There had been silence on Harry's end, and that silence told him he'd read the situation correctly, that she had not expected him to say yes, had not even expected him to give the idea serious consideration.
"Oh, are you offering?" Janine leaned back against the sofa, stretched a bit. Made a satisfied sound. "Because I think I'd cheerfully murder someone for takeaway."
"Why would I want to go there? Awful place." Sherlock flapped his hand in the air, let it fall back down to the mattress beside him. "I was there once, you know. Minsk. Cold. Tedious. Poor grammar. I've no desire to repeat the experience."
He'd drawn his gun on her. He'd almost shot her. He'd been so convinced. He'd thought—he'd let himself think—
She turned and stalked out of the room. Sherlock followed on her heels, shouting. Something about buttercream, John thought.
"She didn't harm you," he said. "She had ample opportunity, and she chose to drug you and leave you behind with a message. But she murdered someone in order to position herself close to you."
"MI6?" She folded her arms across her chest. "You mustn't let on that anything's changed. With any luck, their leak will be revealed by the failed attempt on Sherlock's life."
He thought about the little house he'd shared with Mary, with its tasteful color palette and orderly tidiness. Thought about the chaotic cosiness of Baker Street. He knew where he was happiest. The thought was not always comfortable.
John laughed, unamused. He looked up at the ceiling again, half-expecting to see a hidden camera tucked away in the corners somewhere.
Sherlock sighed, flopped backward onto the bed, shut his eyes. "Sorry," he slurred. "Sorry. Did I already say? It should have been me."
John had not failed to notice the way the rest of the team kept their distance from their mercurial leader. But he'd seen little reason to follow their lead.
The thought of creeping back down the stairs, through the party to use the loo was humiliating. He hunched over, willed his stomach to settle.
He shut his eyes, let his head drop back down into the thin pool of frigid water. Christ, why couldn't he just have hit his head a little harder on the way down?
There had been very little room in the skip, and John had been very close. His breath had puffed hot and insistent against Sherlock's cheek. Their shoulders had brushed. Sherlock had not cared overmuch about the rotten banana.
He laughed, a sharp, unhappy sound. "Yeah. It—sorry. Sorry. Just someone's idea of a practical joke."
He straightened up his seat, stared at the screen. Four boxes. Four numbers, or four letters. A password that Lazarus seemed to think he'd be able to guess.
"Ah," John said. He pinched at his brow again, shifted where he stood. Dragged his thoughts back to the case, back to what Sherlock had said. Thought about who might have it out for someone whose own grieving family and friends would label as
That day in the flat. That last, terrible day. They'd sat across from one another like polite strangers and sipped their tea. Sherlock had been so very subdued. There were bruises on his face, and stitches above his eye. He'd tangled with a serial killer, but John had been the one to mark him. John had been the one to hurt him.
The upstairs bedroom was too small. It was not a permanent solution. At some point, Rosie was going to reach an age where she deserved a measure of privacy, a space to call her own.
"He seemed to feel it was very important that they all get on," she said. She pursed her lips, shook her head.
She tsked and fussed over him a bit, went so far as to tuck a blanket around his shoulders. He was struck with a helpless wave of fondness for her. He chalked it up to the withdrawal.
John shakes his head, does not open his eyes. There are memories, too many memories, and none of them good.
"Christ," John groaned into the kiss, bringing his hands up to clench at the lapels of Sherlock's jacket, crumpling the fabric.
Sherlock's face had gone slack and peaceful with sleep. And bobbing next to his bed, tied to the chair that John had just vacated, close enough to keep watch, was a smiling red balloon.
"I heard a rumor that they might not renew your grant next year," Moriarty had said to Sherlock, leaning against one of the tables in the laboratory, just a little too close, always just a little too close. "That would be a shame. But, just so you know, there's always room for one more on my team."
"No furniture," John said. "Nothing here. Except for this. A box of dirty Erlenmeyer flasks and a—and—" He waved his hand helplessly at the painting Sherlock still held. "Whatever the hell that is."
The door swung open again and Sherlock emerged from the bathroom, dressed this time, in his suit trousers and crisp shirt. He slipped a dressing gown on over his shoulders. "Thought your kettle wasn't working."
The books had been boxed up, the microscope and slides packed away. A hired van had already departed with the majority of their belongings and their two chairs.
"Oh," John said, because he did not know what else to say. He looked away. Surely Janine should be returning any moment.
John had cut himself off, turned around. Smiled. There was something strained, something not quite genuine in that smile.
"But if Silver Blaze were scratched from the race, the odds would change," John says. "That doesn't explain why he's still missing."
he thought uselessly. Things he'd wanted to say. Things it had never been appropriate to say. Things it never would be appropriate to say.
John had pulled back, one hand making maddening circles on Sherlock's back, the other pressed against his chest and holding him at bay.
"The staff we’ve interviewed have been adamant. Her behavior has been described as manipulative, alarming, sociopathic, abnormal, terrifying and, in one case, borderline supernatural—but never
"Not that," Sherlock shook his head, waved a dismissive hand. "You are the reason I'm standing here, John. You're the sole reason I was able to safely make it back to London. The best strategic minds in the country at MI6 were not able to accomplish what you did through sheer tenacity."
It takes him less than twenty-four hours to remove it from the closet. Mary has gone out with a friend from work and he is alone in a space that, while bright and airy and friendly, is still a bit like alien territory. The townhouse smells of fresh paint. Its creaks and groans are unfamiliar. It does not yet feel like home.
Sherlock wound through the aisles, back over to the display of records and music memorabilia. Spoke quietly to the vendor, who nodded, stooped to fetch something from beneath the table.
She looks up at the woman, a quick, furtive look. Her eyes slide away. "Thank you," she mumbles. Then she turns and buries her face against Sherlock's leg.
There are texts. Several of them. He scrolls through them. They are all from someone called John. The time stamps on the messages span nearly an hour.
He blinked at her use of his name, but decided it didn't really matter. Whoever the hell she was, she clearly didn't go anywhere unprepared.
The night before, listening to the steady pull of Sherlock's laboured breathing, he'd spoken of things he'd never before said out loud. Things he hadn't even told his therapist. He had no idea how much of it, if any, Sherlock had registered. But he'd told Sherlock that it helped to have someone there, and he'd meant it.
John turned to face him, frowning. Sherlock could see him out of the corner of his eye. "What are you talking about?"
"Oh, you do. You definitely do." John went on smiling down at the ground. "All of that—" he sawed his hand in the air. "—with the violin. And the pacing and the shouting. And the occasional shooting."
It had hurt, terribly, to be left behind. He was not immune to sentiment. He loved John. He would always love John. He'd wanted to keep John near to him, always. But John had not wanted that. And so Sherlock had let him go.
The hotel staff had provided him with a little foldaway cot. He'd caught their dubious expressions as Rosie continued to shriek and fuss and wail, and he'd been flustered, embarrassed, had promised she'd settle down.
There is sweat beading on Alan's forehead. He licks his lips, looks at the cooler Sherlock is sitting on, looks away.
John laughed, feeling ten years younger, feeling suddenly lighter and freer than he had in ages. "You've got a bit of an audience, Sherlock."
John could have laughed. He did laugh, tilting his head against the pillow. "No," he said, liking the way that Sherlock's lips twitched up. "Actually. I don't."
"The glass door was locked," Sherlock said. "I could have gone around the other side, but you were on the floor. It seemed—prudent. To gain access as quickly as possible. You weren't moving. The rug—"
John was quiet for a time. Then he shifted, tightened his arm around Sherlock's middle. "I imagine it was, to a kid."
"Two years spent wishing you'd done things differently, only to find out you were the punchline of a very bad joke," John said. He tried not to sound bitter. "Though I guess you find him useful to have around. Boosts your solve rate." Ah, there was the bitterness.
"Yeah. We started spending more time together these last few months after—well—after everything, and something just clicked, and then—" she shrugged.
He reached out and just managed to catch Sherlock by one damp coat sleeve. Tugged him gently backwards. Brought him around so he could see his face.
"Sorry," Sherlock says, and John may be lying to himself, but he thinks Sherlock is referring to something more than the ruined machine.
He could not see much. Snow and ice had begun to build up on the glass. The temperature had wavered just on the edge of freezing, with the precipitation alternating between snow and freezing rain. Tiny ice particles rattled against the window.
"Oh," Mary says. She frowns at the barrel for a moment. "That's—well, I'm sure that's very exciting. But is there a purpose to all of this, beyond scientific curiosity?"
"Sherlock," John said. His voice was muffled, slightly. As if he was speaking through clenched teeth.
He'd spent much of the day preparing himself to deal with the fallout from his own stupidity. But he'd clearly underestimated the damage he'd wrought.
No, he quite thought that involving a coworker in all of this mess was the stupidest thing he could have possibly done.
"Don't," John said. He relaxed his hands with some effort, but did not let them drop. He could see Sherlock's pulse jumping against the thin skin of his neck. "Don't lie to me. Please. Not anymore."
"Funereal," he echoed flatly. He cleared his throat. Thought about the blog post he'd tried to make just after Sherlock had leapt to his supposed death. Thought about how many times he'd tried to write out exactly what Sherlock had meant to him, exactly what he'd been feeling, the gaping, bleeding wound that had been torn open in his own chest.
"Oh," she said, and tucked a strand behind her ear. "No, I didn't mean it that way. Not entirely awful."
was all he'd ever managed to say on the subject. Sherlock had, for the most part, gone unmemorialised.
He took his laptop into the sitting room with him, turned it on. Stared at the unopened emails from his realtors—the one in Chelmsford and the one in London.
He watched the dots. Blinking and blinking and blinking. They disappeared. Started blinking again. He felt oddly anxious, watching them.
Christ, but the sight of him was still enraging, even after all this time. John pressed his lips together, cleared his throat. His hand clenched against his leg and he flexed it, tightened his fingers into a fist.
Sherlock glances across the street, looks back. He frowns, and the furrow between his brow deepens. "He's doing what he always does."
He looked down at his phone, sighed. Started to tap out a text message, stopped. Looked up at the ceiling. Counted to ten. Reopened the message, started again.
"Then we'll go home," he says, aiming for placating. The papers—still unsigned—are folded and tucked in his pocket, an uncomfortable bulging square in the denim of his jeans. He will not forget them.
The clerk returned, set two keys down on the counter. "You're in luck. We had a last-minute cancellation."
His gaze caught on the edge of a white envelope, pressed between two rather dull and outdated medical textbooks.
"Yeah, she—" John hesitated. He looked back at the window, at the swirling snow. His eyes burned with shame, but he could not pinpoint any clear cause. He cleared his throat, embarrassed. "Molly is. Um. She's a good friend."
He'd dreamt about Evan Bell, only a few months ago. The first time the man had crossed his mind in years, and now this. Harassing strangers in line at the shop because of a passing resemblance to a dead man.
"Found it after the fact. The victim dropped it." Sherlock ran a gloved finger over the cracked screen, glanced up at John. "According to her family, she was on a blind date when she was killed. The man she was seeing hasn't been found."
Sherlock solved a forgery case while John sat in an overcrowded room, watching a group of toddlers enact some sort of incomprehensible ritual upon a tattered stuffed bear. One of the poor beast's button eyes had come loose and dangled precariously by a string.
He'd play, after they'd gone. He'd stand alone in the sitting room and run his bow along the strings until his muscles trembled with exertion and his thoughts quieted. Sometimes he'd compose. Sometimes he'd play familiar pieces, would roam the halls of his mind palace while his fingers danced along the neck of his violin.
Sherlock talks right over him. "Remember what Julia told us about the laboratory. All of the unexplained occurrences."
John had turned around when he'd come through the door, looking tired and pinched and confused. Confused? Yes. Almost certainly confused. At the time he'd dismissed it. The vast majority of people spent their days in a state of confusion. Why would John be any different?
"Sherlock?" Victoria's voice this time, high and flirty. "Sherlock, you can't keep hiding in there!"
John followed his gaze towards the woman. She noticed his attention and lifted her hand, an abortive, tentative little wave.
he thought. There was something important. Something he needed to remember. Something he needed to do.
And Sherlock had looked up at him from his hospital bed, weary and bedraggled but all right, and he'd smiled. A real smile. His tired eyes had brightened.
John opened his eyes. For a moment he lay stunned, blinking in the dark. Everything hurt. His surroundings were unfamiliar, disorienting.
"All right," John said. He laughed again, kept his forearm pressed over his eyes. "I must be losing my fucking mind. But. All right. Evan Bell—" he lifted his hand in a mock salute in the vague direction of the spectre in the corner, "I told you that you were going to be fine, and you weren't. You were scared, and—" his voice broke and he shook his head, shut his eyes. "You were scared, and I didn't pay enough attention. I missed the signs. You died on my watch, and I thought—sometimes I
"Nothing," John had said, smoothing his face back into what he hoped was a reassuring smile. He'd provided a boilerplate list of instructions for caring for a simple bee sting, and disconnected the call.
He wondered if she considered her art beautiful. Or if it was simply another exercise in technical perfection, devoid of emotion.
She'd dropped the small black pearl into his palm. It was warm. He'd looked at it for a moment. Smiled.
Sometimes he rather thought he was back where he'd started. The house was an upgrade from the grim and cheerless bedsit he'd stayed in after returning from Afghanistan, of course. It was bright and comfortable and colourful. But the walls closed in on him just the same.
"You're not—" he said, his face heating. He willed himself to shut up, but was vaguely horrified to see that his mouth kept on running. "You're not actually falling for this, are you? This act? Because that's all it is. An act. And he's fooled you before—"
That day. He'd sat home and stared at the clock. He'd thought about all of the reasons he did not want to go to Baker Street. And then he'd sat alone in his house and felt sorry for himself. He'd used Rosie as an excuse, and she hadn't even been there. He'd cast her off. Forgotten her.
"Probably," Sherlock admits. He is lost, he thinks. Lost at sea. Caught up in a helpless tidal pull of affection.
This was written as part of the 2021 Virtual 221b Con Flash Fiction Workshop. My prompts were "morgue" and "wrong number."
He has contented himself with what he could. He has hurt Sherlock, terribly. He has been spiteful and cruel and utterly wrong more times than he can count, and at the end of the day he is lucky to still be able to call Sherlock his friend.
Sherlock's knees nearly gave out. The world made sense again, suddenly. He was alive. He could accomplish anything. He'd been going about this entirely the wrong way and nothing had worked but John was here and John would fix things, John would—
tied me up in a flat in Wapping. Surprisingly strong, I'll grant you, but terribly unobservant. Didn't even realise I'd pickpocketed the bracelet off of him while he was knotting the ropes."
He follows her up the stairs and down a narrow hallway. The boards underfoot are uneven and creak as he walks.
"Erm," she said. She was still smiling. It was an awkward smile. "Anyway. We've known each other a long time and—well. It just sort of happened."
"It doesn't bother you at all, does it?" John asked. He was frowning, his eyes difficult to read in the fading daylight.
That long ago Christmas, after they had regarded the corpse of a woman believed to be Irene Adler, Mycroft had handed him a cigarette. They'd spoken to one another, in the clipped, uncomfortable way that had defined much of their adult relationship.
Lestrade had sent a text. John had opened it, feeling awkward and out of place amidst the mothers (and would Mary have felt awkward and out of place as well? He was unhappy to realise that he did not know. She'd have done a better job of
"Yes," John said, and he folded his hands in his lap and tried to look like a reasonable person. He carefully ignored Mary, focused on the man sitting across from him. "From London. Just last month."
He has a flat in London. It is not Baker Street, but it is charming in its own way with its bright wallpaper and new furniture. He has steady work as a GP. Coworkers whose presence he enjoys, mostly. He does not turn down social invitations.
"The plane hasn't even bloody taken off yet," John said. He gestured into the aisle, towards the passengers still stowing their belongings and settling slowly into seats. "We're about to be trapped together in a metal tube for twenty-three hours, and you're telling me this
But John had been lost to him, then. John had smiled tightly and spoken bland reassuring platitudes, and had disappeared out the door with no intention of ever coming back.
And then he'd gone off in search of some paracetamol and a hot shower and coffee, he'd plugged in the fairy lights and brought out the gifts, he'd fetched Rosie and brought her downstairs and watched her face light up with shocked joy.
"Yeah, that's what I'm worried about." John smiled at the mildly offended expression that flitted across Sherlock's face. He put his hand on Sherlock's arm, let it linger there for a moment, the warmth of his skin bleeding through the fine fabric of his jacket. Squeezed. Took his hand away.
She will go to the aquarium one day, Sherlock thinks. John was not wrong to assume so. She will want to go, or she will be made to go as part of some dreadful social activity, but she is a young child in London and so of course she will go. John has done well to prepare himself in advance, to test his reactions alone.
He brushed past a slow-moving crowd of women in dresses, nearly collided with a lost-looking man in a suit as he headed towards the lifts.
"But why do you need to have another?“ he’d asked once, frowning at his mother’s rounded belly. "I thought I was remarkable.”
he'd wanted to say, but instead he'd looked up at John standing stiff-backed and uncomfortable in the doorway, had choked the unwelcome words down. John had not wanted to stay. John no longer believed him responsible for Mary's death, but that did not mean that John wanted anything more to do with him.
He'd wanted the man gone, and had been quite adamant about it. Lynn Straker had gone to deliver the news, and had discovered his plate of curried mutton untouched outside his door. They'd opened up his room, but it was empty, his belongings gone.
He finishes his paperwork, shuts down his computer, locks up his office. Goes out into the crisp autumn air.
Sherlock swallowed, put his phone back in his pocket. He went into the kitchen, still holding the drawing, and opened the refrigerator. There, on the top shelf, was a small bakery box.
"Ah—" John said, hurrying over. He placed himself between Sherlock and the desk, offered the woman a rather charming smile (disproportionately and unnecessarily charming, really, it's not as if he'd been
"Must you feel the need to state the obvious?" Sherlock said, and stepped on the gas again. There was a hint of something panicked, something desperate in his clipped tone.
"I don't want to write about the case," he says. "You're right. It bothers me. And not because—not because she was cruel. Not only because of that."
He presses the power button and the machine mercifully powers down before it can ignite or melt or go supernova.
"I saw your photos of that EF3 you caught in Bridge Creek last month," Moriarty had said, his gaze landing on Sherlock and sharpening into something that John did not like.
John shut his eyes, counted to ten. Went into the kitchen and filled the kettle, switched it on. Stood listening to the steady hum of their voices in the other room. Sherlock, chatting. Sherlock, at ease.
"I've been stung by a bee," a blank-faced young man told him. He held up his hand in front of the webcam, revealed a reddened patch of skin.
"This one," John said, softly, tapping the one with the rounded edges. It was what he'd have chosen for himself. "I like this one."
"Right," she said. She fluffed her hair, went towards the door, herding Evie out. "Come on, we'll do the bridesmaids photos first, how about that?"
The room is quiet. This is good, this is what he wanted. Peace and quiet, a place to let his thoughts unspool, a place to let himself go and then pull himself back together. He does not want companionship or friendly conversation, not tonight.
John chuckled, shifted again, rolling over onto his side. He reached up a hand, cupped Sherlock's cheek.
Sherlock touched the tip of his finger to his pint glass, wiped away a bead of condensation. John stared at his outstretched hand, at his slim pale fingers, and thought about how the curved platinum of a wedding band would look against that skin.
"That was what everyone thought at first," Allie said. "But there were. Um. Marks. On his neck. Like he'd been choked. And the grass was—um. They said he'd been dragged."
He sat up from where he'd slumped against Sherlock's headboard, his back protesting. Turned to his right, looked at the expanse of rumpled bedding. He was alone.
John scrolled back down, reread the comments. Pete seemed supportive. Friendly. Familiar. Not just a passing acquaintance, then. Someone she knew. Someone she knew well.
He ate lunch at his desk, picked listlessly at a salad. Thought of Sherlock's bewildered, resigned voice, thought of
So it was the toddlers and the old ladies and the endless parade of sniffles and stomach viruses, it was the forced polite conversation and the embarrassing halting hitch in his step as he walked across the exam room. It was the well-meaning but grating inquiries of
And John had shut his eyes for a moment, breathed through his nose the way he did when he sought calm, and then had forced himself to laugh. It had sounded overloud and stilted to his own ears. He'd opened his eyes, pointed at the little sprig hanging overhead, clapped Sherlock on the shoulder.
After. He'd talked to Sherlock for months, after. He'd never felt the need to share that fact with Ella, and Sherlock had not encouraged him to do so. In time, he'd just . . . faded away. That was what they did, the dead. They faded away.
"Sherlock," John said, drawing to a stop. He paused to catch his breath. "Wait. Wait. Your coat. You left it inside. Somewhere."
"No," John says. He laughs again, the sound high, a little hysterical. "I guess not. It. Sort of. Well. Melted."
John had called the police. They fanned out along the property, taking photographs, writing things in their little notebooks. A detective had introduced himself. Sherlock had promptly forgotten his name.
"I just don't think they're right for each other," Mrs Hudson tutted as she passed over Rosie's nappy bag. "They way they carry on. And in public like that!"
"I believe Lady Smallwood to be above reproach, but find myself forced to consider the possibility," Lazarus said. "The list of potential leaks is—worryingly small."
John did not know why he had started talking. It was something about Sherlock's face, he thought. There had been something sad and fleeting in his expression. It had been gone so quickly he could not be sure if it had only been a trick of the light.
"I've a list of all the vendors each couple used. There are some overlaps, which will save time. But we'll need to make it look realistic, which means appointments with multiple vendors. Can't let our killer suspect we've caught his scent."
John smiled, scratched at the back of his neck. "Sherlock, um—we hardly know a thing about each other. We met under rather unique circumstances, and—"
Sherlock lifted his hand, gave it a dismissive flick. Almost spilled his drink. "Just a—burglary. Boring. Last week."
There hadn't been any sun. Not then, not in the sterile grey room with Redbeard on the table and the veterinarian in his white coat. Redbeard's end had been clinical.
"You're dead," he said. "I needed you, and you died. So there's no—there's no bloody point to this."
"You did—more. Than anyone would have expected you to, when faced with this particular set of circumstances."
"That was it," he says. "That's all it was. Just a drunken mistake. There's not—there's nothing else to it."
The barista had been pretty—smiling and vivacious and, yes, all right, likely too young for him. But he'd met her eye and had smiled back and she'd looked right through him. Right through.
"Right,“ she said, leading him towards the doors. "I have a change of clothes. I’ll need yours for. For the. For the, um—”
Sherlock went and sat down on the edge of John's bed, reached out. He could touch Rosie's cot from where he sat.
"Look, I don't—" John sighed, blew out a breath of air through his teeth. "I'm not good at this sort of thing, you know. You know that. There are things I should have said. Things I should have done. And I didn't. And this whole year, this whole horrible fucking year, has been because I—because—"
He wondered what was going on in 221B. He wondered what Janine had thought of Sherlock's stunt with Victoria, if they'd planned it ahead or if she'd been as surprised as John. He wondered how far Sherlock was taking it.
"I don't believe in fate," Sherlock said. He let out a shaky breath. "But I—won't deny that it's. Unusual."
She sighed, scooted forward in the seat a little bit, wrung her hands together. "It's different when you're on your own, Sherlock. It ages you."
John would point to some terribly sentimental reason for it, and he'd likely be right (though Sherlock felt no pressing need to tell him so). He'd retired to bed hours ago, leaving Sherlock to his thoughts.
Heat blasted from the vents, and John groaned as he held out his hands. His entire body shook. Water ran in icy rivulets down his back.
"For the corpse, yes,“ he agreed cheerfully, and there was something strained in that voice. Something she didn’t want to push too much at, because for all of his bluster there was something fragile about him, and if ever there were a time where he needed to not be fragile, this was it.
It was ridiculous. It was useless. He could sit here all night fiddling with the phone and not getting any closer to getting through. Sherlock Holmes had placed his trust in the wrong person, and he was going to pay for that error with his life.
"Certainly not," Mycroft said, and there was a hint of surprising humour in his tone. "Your very existence seemed superfluous. I had already been assured that I was remarkable. Why, then, would they want another?"
John could not quite help himself. He laughed. It started as a low giggle, but took over until he was shaking with laughter, his belly aching.
"Right," John said. He unclenched his fist, took another look around the room. Couples. It was all couples. As if this wasn't humiliating enough, now he'd be sticking out like a great sore thumb. An obvious third wheel. A tag along.
Wiggins sent a photo of her sitting on a bench, knees under her chin, half-eaten carton of chips at her side. She'd looked cold and forlorn.
"What?" Nothing John is saying makes any sense. This is horrible. Has he been drugged? He can think of no other reason why his brain could possibly be operating this sluggishly.
Jennie, the bride, had been weeping and stunned and not much help at all when she'd first been interviewed. Sherlock had been unnecessarily harsh with her, John recalled. Well, he
Paranoid, he thought. He was being paranoid. Just because some people were actually out to get him didn't mean that everyone was.
It was also possible that, following John's outburst at the dress shop, Sherlock had simply decided it was more trouble than it was worth to continue including him in his plans.
Sherlock shifted towards him willingly, pillowing his head on John's chest, letting out a quiet little hum of contentment. John shut his eyes against a sudden sting. His breath emerged shaky.
He retreated into his bedroom, stripped out of his pyjamas, put on trousers and a shirt. Slipped back into his dressing gown.
Sherlock whirled back around, distracted by the sound of an idling engine outside, the crunch of approaching footsteps. He narrowed his eyes, yanked the door open again.
Rosie was enamoured of the brightly wrapped gifts under the tree. She was still too young to grasp the concept of Father Christmas, but she threw herself wholeheartedly into the necessary task of ripping and tearing.
He lifted his head, looked at her. Thought about all of the nights that he'd had with her, lying next to her in bed, thinking of someone else. Texting someone else. His little flirtation. It had been so easy, he'd thought. So uncomplicated. Late-night messages, smiling at the thought of the pretty girl on the other end of the line. And when guilt had reared its ugly head, when he'd thought of the vows he'd made and the woman he'd pledged his life to, he'd viciously brushed it aside.
"Not actually my intention, but I'll capitialise on the opportunity," Rosie said. She offered a tentative smile. Reached out her hand.
He stood in the light rain and watched as the car pulled away from the kerb, his own reflection flickering by in the tinted windows.
"No, just—go ahead and ask him. That's—it's fine," John said. He brought a hand up, pinched at the back of his neck. "Yeah. Good."
John came frequently, sat by his bedside with a newspaper or book. He did not always speak, though occasionally Sherlock felt his eyes on him.
Ah, so they'd started in with the shared jokes and the nonverbal communication. Like a proper couple. Brilliant. Very convincing.  They'd have no trouble at all shamming their way into any wedding venue in London.
He'd been successfully hiding his habit for weeks. Something had made him slip up. Something had upset him, greatly. He hadn't just been high, he'd been miserable and bewildered and clingy. He'd thrown over his aloof, untouchable persona, had latched onto John, had pulled him close, had
"Morning," John agreed. He draped his suit over the back of his chair, glanced around the room before sitting down. There was no sign of Sherlock.
John and Rosie come up the stairs. John is moving slowly. Rosie is—not moving slowly. She seems to be taking each step on a bounce. The wood creaks.
John wondered what Sherlock would have done if he'd said yes. The words had been flung in anger, painfully sharp, clearly intended to make John back down.
as a statement of fact that needed to be solved, rather than part of a phrase. But the way it appeared on the screen—
John stopped walking, pressed his fist against his mouth. His heart ached. He took his phone out of his pocket, looked at it. Opened up a text message.
They crept together down a long hall, and John paused in a doorway to look in at the room he'd nearly died in.
She did not want to speak to Sherlock. She did not want to think about Sherlock. She did not want to
Sherlock had set appointments. Sherlock had sat patiently with Mary, had spent time going over small details, had tasted cakes and looked at fabric swatches and made suggestions, had toured locations and decided on menus, had done all of that and a thousand more things that by all rights should have driven him mad with boredom. But he'd done it without complaint, and he'd done it
He wasn't Sherlock, not even close, but he could see it unspooling before him in slow motion, all of the things that had happened to bring him to this point. A chance encounter in the shops just before Christmas, the glimpse of a face like a ghost from the past. Even further back—a chance encounter on a bus with a pretty woman, the deeply buried desire to hurt his wife as much as she'd hurt him. A chance encounter in the park with an old schoolmate, an introduction to a potential flatmate. All of it, back and back and back, little choices that had led him here.
John went into the kitchen. Sherlock stayed in the sitting room, listened to the sound of him opening and shutting cabinets. Tried to imagine making this space their own, filling it with furniture and books and clutter.
Gentle hands, he'd thought. John's hands on Rosie were gentle and soothing, healing hands. Competent. He often claimed to be utter pants at parenting but when he let his instincts take over he was fine. More than fine. Good.
He could be nervous, or he could be thinking, or he could be taking a bloody nap inside his mind palace for all John knew.
John opened the door, slid out of the car. The rain had slowed to an uncomfortable light mist that made him hunch his shoulders. His face was still hot, his shoulders tense.
Sherlock jerked his head up, crashing his lips against John's so hard their teeth clacked together, a bright burst of pain. His fingers clenched, digging into John's back.
The photographs, John thought. The ones of Sherlock out in front of the flat, on the pavement in nothing but a white bedsheet. He'd wondered who had taken them. And the texts he'd scrolled through, all those texts—
John ducked down the nearest alley. All of a sudden the city noise—the cars, the rumbling buses, the
For a moment they stood, shrouded by shadows, battered by rain. The man did not turn around. John did not step forward.
After a moment, Mycroft reappeared in the doorway. He withdrew leather gloves from his coat pockets, pulled them on slowly. He did not make eye contact.
John cleared his throat, tried to keep his expression bland, like his stomach had not just plunged from a great height. He must have done a rubbish job of it, because Sherlock leaned in close to peer at him.
"We never quite made it," John said. "Always fell asleep. I'd wake up covered in a blanket, gifts already waiting under the tree."
Most people, upon learning that he'd studied meteorology, asked him if he planned on being a weatherman. He'd long since run out of polite replies.
He was not happy. He had not been happy for a long time. He could not quite pinpoint the moment that it had happened, but he thought it was somewhere around the time he realised that Mary had put a bullet in Sherlock's chest.
"Yeah," John says softly. "You always have been, haven't you?" His hand drops away. Sherlock tells himself his arm does not really feel colder in its absence.
He shuts the door behind him as they step out onto the landing, and he listens for a moment, wondering if the dog will take his absence as a signal to unleash chaos on the furniture. He hears nothing but a muffled whine.
John looked down at the ID badge, still dangling from its lanyard around his neck. He lifted it, shrugged. "Medical conference."
He left everything as he'd found it, shut the door quietly behind him. The corridor was silent, empty.
The man had stood up and helped Janine to her feet. He looked terribly flustered, apologetic. Janine seemed to be laying it on thick, leaning heavily on his arm, looking deeply into his eyes, swiping at a tear on her cheek.
"Turning a corner," he says, and delivers a sharp kick to the bookcase. It is heavier than it looks, and does not move. "Right. Great. Yeah. That's working out well."
Sherlock kissed him back softly, carefully. He kissed, John thought, like he couldn't quite believe he was permitted to do so. It was sweet and just a bit heartbreaking.
was a sensation, that was something he was going to want to remember, except it was all happening much too fast to grasp on to, slipping through his fingers like water.
Sherlock turns back towards the window, which had been broken the night before in an apparent robbery. John's not sure why he finds it so interesting. It looks no different from any other broken window.
"What, exactly, did he do for me, Molly? Dive headfirst into a pile of drugs? Somehow I don't think that was much of a sacrifice."
She opened the folder in her hands, riffled through the papers. There was an air of frustrated desperation in her movements.
No neighbors had come. No one had so much as poked a head out into the hallway when he'd passed. It was, he supposed, easy enough to ignore a crying child when one was used to the sound. Children cried for all sorts of reasons. But the sounds of a struggle, the breaking glass and shouting?
The Abominable Brother lives in London, though he does not visit. He has suffered a grievous injury in the war (Sherlock imagines all manner of fascinating facial disfigurements and burn scarring patterns until Harry lets slip that a very ordinary bullet had done the deed) and has apparently returned home a changed man.
"There are more remains, of course," Sherlock says. He bounces a bit on the balls of his feet, restless. His hair, hastily toweled, is still damp and dripping down the back of his shirt. "Not just the hand. I suspect the rest will turn up once they complete a thorough search of the tank. Minus the head, of course. Bit more difficult to conceal that." He breaks, finally, under the weight of John's scrutiny. "Why are you here?"
His room was quiet. Clean, uncluttered. He stood for a moment with his back to the door, staring at nothing. He felt quite calm.
Sherlock with his stupid, noble vow. He took it seriously. No one took vows seriously anymore. They were just nice words you said. Something like forty percent of marriages ended in divorce. But Sherlock didn't—he didn't
John remained standing by the edge of the bed. He was thinking. He might as well have been shouting.
wish you could have done it a bit more kindly. Janine had mascara all down her face when I saw her, poor dear, looked like she'd been crying for hours."
Rosie was not amenable to being set on the ground, or in her cot, or on any soft surface in the flat. The moment Sherlock attempted to extract himself from her grip, she resumed wailing. Her cries, hoarse and miserable and dragged out of an already much-abused throat, were terrible to endure.
It had to be something more. An angry coworker or a patient with a grudge would have driven John to the police, not to Sherlock's sitting room. There was something he was missing, something tied up in all of those uncomfortable searches in John's internet history.
The anger he'd choked down outside of the Baker Street flat was back, thrashing in his chest, bubbling at the back of his throat.
He'd thought of his little room in Baker Street, cluttered up now with his and Rosie's things. Thought of Sherlock in his dressing gown, who, just that very morning, had leapt from the kitchen table, seized his violin and engaged in forty-five minutes of the most frantic and unsettling medley of Christmas music John had ever heard.
Lestrade looked at him, shook his head. In the shifting blue and red light his expression was almost fond.
"Yes," Mycroft said. He dropped his cigarette to the ground, stepped on it. The sole of his shoe scraped across the icy pavement. "Even me."
There was a mulish set to John's jaw, disapproval etched into the lines between his eyes. He'd been wearing that expression ever since the phone call, ever since the words
"You were my ghost," Sherlock said. He was close enough that his exhaled breath ruffled John's hair. "You haunted me, John. You haunted my every step."
Even as he spoke, he thought of Sherlock and Janine holed up in the familiar cosy comfort of 221B. The shared laughter, the meaningful glances, the jokes—and him on the outside peering in, thinking
Sherlock had come back to him with a manic smile and a bad accent. He'd wanted laughter and had instead taken a fist to the face. He'd been hurt, oh Christ he'd been hurt badly, John knows that now, but he'd hidden it well.
"I shouldn't be surprised," Sherlock said. He took a step forward, the angles of his face catching the dim light from the streetlamps. His cheeks were gaunt, his chin rough and unshaven. He'd done something quite terrible to his hair. "It's you. It's
"—terrible that she wouldn't even let John bring his little one—" Mrs Hudson's voice drifted through the air. It sounded as though she had already downed a few cocktails.
He laughed in spite of himself, ducked his head. "Dance lessons. You and I both know you don't need them."
John swallowed and watched as Pete finished fussing with the speaker at the front of the room. "Well. I considered not coming back. But."
"TREVOR!" she shouted. Coffee sloshed out of the cups and she threw them aside. Her face was very red.
Bell turned back to him. "Yes," he agreed. "The house can't be saved. The floor—" he hopped in place, the boards beneath him complaining and swaying, "—is compromised. There's rot in the beams. The foundation's cracked."
"Ah—" John said. He snatched the bottle up off of the table. "I think that's more than enough, yeah?"
John looked at him, his expression wary, mildly surprised. He'd clearly not been expecting the topic change. "Yeah, it's—it's up at the end of the month."
His footsteps receded, started up the staircase. Sherlock listened to the creak of old wood. It was different from the creak of the stairs at Baker Street. It would take some getting used to.
"Christ," John said, and he looked miserable, cold and unhappy, but he made no move to stop him. "Just—be careful, Sherlock. One wrong step and the fall might kill you."
Eurus, the gun, and the red rug in the therapist's office all felt very distant. Like it had happened to someone else.
He heard Sherlock exhale, an amused rush of breath, and that was all it took. He started giggling, properly giggling, his shoulders shaking, his hand pressed against his mouth. Sherlock leaned away from the microscope, laughing now too, doubling over with it.
He'd caught himself here, once. Had caught and held on and dragged himself back up into the sunlight.
"Well, there you have it," Sherlock said. He'd clapped his hands together, hoped the gesture gave the appropriate impression of finality. Hoped that it wasn't obvious his heart had been dangling, terrifyingly exposed, while John considered. "Very little would change, and you'll likely save a fortune in cab fare."
"It's done," he said. "I talked to Molly. She's going to help. You'll be—it's going to be all right."
"I was going to! But then the police came and they told everyone to leave and I thought it would look suspicious if I stopped to pick up the cooler, and I just—" Alan stops, looks down at the ground. "Shit."
"John is an excellent weatherman," Mary says, a little defensively, as the silence thickens between them.
"And the way he so callously disregarded your feelings. Him. The most observant man in the world, ignoring the look on your face every time he kissed her."
Jim fell forward with him, his dead eyes manic, his face contorted. His breath was hot and fast against John's face.
In the morning, he looked again at the email from the London realtor. He closed it without responding.
Sherlock looked back at him. His eyes were very pale in the daylight, almost colourless. He shrugged, did not answer.
"I'll give you one of the rooms facing east. It overlooks the paddocks. Pretty sight in the morning, with the sunrise."
"The person who stole the cadaver doesn't know where it ended up," Sherlock says. He looks straight ahead as he walks, not turning to see if John has followed. "Well—he likely knows where it ended up
"Oh, don't worry, police are already on their way." Sherlock holds up his phone, then drops it back into his coat pocket.
She shrugged, the silken fabric of the dressing gown slipping against her slim shoulders. "I owe him a favour. I don't like being in anyone's debt."
Janine opened her mouth, shut it again. Turned and went towards the front of the store without a word, her hand pressed over her eyes.
"Christ, no. I'm not all right with it. I'm never going to be all right with it. But I think I'm—" he stopped, looked down at the ground. "I think I need—I think we
"Our suspect has a rather extensive personal library," Sherlock said, tearing his gaze away to look at the shelves that stretched floor to ceiling along the wall. He scanned the rows of books, eyes flitting across faded, dusty spines. "Including several volumes on rare poisons."
"Twenty-four," a dry voice piped up from the seat in front of him. "There's a headwind. And I do hope you're not going to spend the entire time whinging."
"Bad at herding sheep, you say?" Sherlock asks. He turns his head to look up at John. His cheeks are flushed, his eyes bright.
"The cases I think readers will enjoy," John says. He shifts in his chair. Sherlock is not looking at him, and yet he has the uncomfortable sense of being studied quite closely.
"Sherlock," John said. His voice was quiet, patient, and Sherlock thought it likely that he'd disappeared into his own head for longer than was generally considered appropriate.
He jolts back to full awareness, blinking in the weak early-morning light. John is standing at the kerb, next to an idling taxi. His brow is furrowed, his expression concerned.
John shut his eyes, shook his head. The headache that had been threatening when he'd opened his eyes now came roaring to life. Dread pooled in his stomach.
John started forward without intending to, and once he'd started he could not stop. He barrelled into Sherlock, twisting his hands in the lapels of his jacket and marching him backwards into the empty dressing room. He kicked the door shut behind him. It rattled in its frame.
His wondering expression amuses her. She's kept a permit and maintained a little resident parking bay at the end of Baker Street for years. The car itself has changed over the years (she
"Oh, Sherlock," Mycroft's voice was pitying but not mocking. "Do children ever do what their parents want?"
Even as he spoke he knew that wasn't quite true. The city had a beating heart, like Sherlock had said. It breathed and shifted and changed. Sherlock had come home to find that home wasn't quite the same anymore. The same thing had happened to John when he'd returned from Afghanistan. It had left him reeling. Floundering. Helpless and lost.
"I'm told I was at death's door," Sherlock said. He slowly exhaled a ribbon of smoke. "Surely I'm entitled to a recovery period."
As with a lot of things I wound up cutting and re-tooling from the first draft, this scene was just too lighthearted and comedic for this particular story.
Sherlock's vision blurred. He shut his eyes, brought his hand up to rub at them. His cheeks were wet.
He had not been coddled or coaxed or cajoled into accepting her the way he had been when Sherlock had first arrived. Part of that, he was certain, was due to his parents’ attention being as divided as he’d feared. The other part, he decided later, was down to his parents seeing how he was with Sherlock, how well he’d taken to the role of Sherlock’s fearless older brother, and reaching the conclusion that he no longer needed to be warmed up to the idea of siblings.
"Well," John said. He cleared his throat, hoped he did not sound as lost as he felt. "Sorry I missed it."
Sherlock had looked up the property records shortly after arriving home, in the strange grey interim between returning to his life and actively resuming it, while he’d been haunting the halls of a flat that had been frozen in time, all of his eclectic belongings still arranged just-so, yet somehow missing the most essential component.
He did not often reflect on his past. Childhood was insignificant, irrelevant. He'd grown up, he'd forged himself an identity, he'd carried on. He was not the kind of person to succumb to saccharine nostalgia upon visiting a place he'd once lived.
Baker Street was a cluttered hodgepodge of curiosities, mismatched walls and strange smells. Baker Street had sharp edges and hidden hazards.
That was fine. Mary stood just behind her, her back against the wall, her arms folded across her chest.
Up close, the footbridge does not inspire much confidence, the boards are rotting and rickety, but the wooden supports are thick and driven far into the ground and it will have to do. They will not be able to outrun the storm, not now, not on foot.
"There are hundreds of millions of spiders in the world," John said calmly. He picked up the little Union Jack pillow from where it lay on the floor beside the chair, dropped it into his lap. He seemed pleased to see it, and gave it a little pat. "You know this, Sherlock."
"Sherlock," Mrs Hudson said, sharply, just a bit too loud. A warning, not a greeting. John had not heard him approach.
John shook his head, glanced around, panic flaring. His first thought had been to step outside, but it would entail herding Sherlock past where Greg was leaning against a table near the door chatting with Sally Donovan, and he didn't want to be intercepted.
angry. Or perhaps he wasn't. Perhaps he wasn't thinking about John at all. It was never easy to tell with him.
He shut his eyes against the sudden flood of memories, still raw, even after all this time. He did not need to watch the disc again. Its contents were burned in his mind forever.
"You can buy me a coffee later to make up for it," Mary said. She winked. "And I'll expect, at the bare minimum, a
The silence stretched between them, thick and heavy. It reminded Sherlock of that day, that terrible last day, the hours he and John had passed together, avoiding each other's eyes and making polite conversation. It was hateful. No wonder John had left and had not come back.
"You were busy," Sherlock said. He gave his hand another dismissive little wave. "Doing things. Wedding things."
Mary was smiling at him from where she'd perched at the foot of the bed. She was wearing the grey t-shirt and the blue jacket he'd last seen her in, her hair loose and curled.
Some of the vendors had taken more care with appearances than others, he noted. They'd arranged their collections in pleasing displays, noted prices on colourful signs. It was a sharp contrast to the other tables, which teemed with intimidating and poorly-defined piles.
Sherlock had observed him eyeing the furniture in the sitting room, no doubt deciding what should stay and what should go.
"Don't worry," Pete said, catching John's eye. "We'll go back to the usual arrangement next week." He winked, then tilted his head towards Janine. "Would the lovely bride-to-be like to join me this evening?"
There is something that bothers him about DI Gregory's easy assumption that Fitzroy Simpson has murdered Straker and made off with the horse. He cannot quite wrap his head around
He stood up, brushing past John on his way into the aisle. Then he hesitated, turned back with a crooked sort of smile, and winked—
He'd spent the rest of Christmas day on edge. Had barely tasted the dinner Harry had prepared, had defaulted to terse replies to her hesitant inquiries. Rosie had picked up on his tension and had spent much of the day in ill temper, alternating between wailing and whimpering, thunderous tantrums followed by bouts of extreme clinginess, refusing to eat, impossible to soothe.
with John, and his little jokes fell flat and periodically John would look at him with his nostrils flaring and something indefinable on his face.
Sherlock frowned, considered. "No, he'd not have risked being seen. Perhaps it was a slow-acting drug. A tranquiliser. He could have walked John down the hall to the lift. Anyone who saw them would just assume he'd had too much to drink, that his mate was helping him home."
"The most accomplished and devious criminal mastermind the world has ever seen, a man with veritable empires under his command, and you've just shot him. Just like that."
She did not appear to be commiserating, or advising, or even gently chiding. And there was none of the relaxed fond demeanour that John usually adopted with her in his strangely rigid posture.
John took Sherlock's hand in his, lifted it to his mouth, kissed each knuckle in turn. Watched Sherlock's eyes flutter shut.
John's hand is trembling, ever so slightly. Sherlock thinks that perhaps he has been wrong in his assessment, that perhaps he has not been as alone as he once thought. Perhaps they had been adrift together this whole time, treading water, never moving forward.
Other than the dance lessons, Sherlock had been lying low since his little tryst with Victoria had gone public. A calculated move, John supposed, to make people believe he felt some remorse over the whole thing.
John hesitated for a long moment, studying him, his face difficult to read in the blueish light from the television screen. Then he carefully, slowly arranged himself so that his head was on the pillow, resting on Sherlock's lap. He held himself quite stiffly, his shoulders tense, his movements unsure.
Sherlock swallows. He is expected to say something. It could not possibly be appropriate to mention Mary, not now, not with John smiling at him from the sofa.
Silence stretched for a long moment. He was aware of the sound of his brother breathing. He wondered what he would get—censure or pity.
There was a small desk against the wall. A colourful striped jumper was draped over the back of the chair, and a pile of folders sat in a neat stack on the floor next to the desk. A mug with a bright abstract print, cleaned and set upside down on the desk. A vase of flowers sat next to it, fresh, not drooping or wilting—clearly the source of the pleasant smell.
John smiled, a bewildered little smile. Shook his head a little bit. "Fine, like I said. I mean, well, not
"No, you misunderstand me," Mycroft said. "I was seven years old when you arrived on the scene. I'd had seven years to myself. I was not particularly keen for that to change."
When he opens his eyes it is to see Mary standing in front of him. She is looking past him, across the field, her face pinched in an expression of vague distaste.
He breathed out, his heart hammering in his chest. It was a terrible idea, of course. It was also the best idea he'd ever heard.
like that. There are lines, Sherlock. Lines you don't cross. Not even for a case. Janine is—whatever you're doing with Janine, I assume she knows where she stands. But this—you're involving someone else. Why? Why would you think—"
been getting tedious these days, much as it pains me to say. Everyone wants to be clever about it—and, let's face it, they very rarely are."
He shut the wardrobe, gave one last look around, made his way back into the chaotic clutter of the sitting room.
She turned, looked over her shoulder into the street. He did not follow her gaze. "Your laptop. That's the—?"
Still, the basic layout remained the same. There was a small staff room off of the main lobby and he ducked in, grabbed a white lab coat off of a hook behind the door and paused to glance in the mirror. He scrubbed his hands through his rain-damp hair, flattened the top down in an effort to hide the bruise blooming on his forehead.
"Wind," he said, because it seemed important. His voice was slurred, his tongue heavy and sluggish in his mouth. "East wind."
"I love you, you know," John said. There was a little tremor in his voice. "I think I always have. I think that—maybe if I'd—if I'd accepted that sooner, that things might have—"
"Too cold for her in the pushchair," John said. He was shivering a bit now. Sherlock could not quite tell if it was caused by a chill or adrenaline. "It kept getting caught in the snow, anyway. I—uh—" he laughed, a bit self-consciously, "—left it behind."
"Jennie Teller shared a drink and a dance with a handsome man at her hen party. He was all too keen to hear about her fiancé's failings, and she was all too keen to tell him." Sherlock folded his hands under his chin, went on watching John with sharp eyes. "And Olivia St Clair—"
He fished the teabags out of the water, threw them away. Carried the steaming mugs over to the kitchen table, set them down. Slid one across to Sherlock.
There was something crawling on the back of the pillow. Something dark, graceful and sleek. Eight efficient legs, plump body. John kicked at the pillow and the spider flipped onto the floor, vivid red hourglass visible on its underside.
There was no sign of Sherlock, so he accepted a little table by the window, ordered a bottle of wine. Waited.
He takes her to the park and lets her run off some energy, settling himself on a nearby bench to keep an eye on her.
Sherlock shrugged. He rather thought Scotland Yard had reduced him to a novelty of late. A trick pony or a dancing monkey, something to drag out at crime scenes and marvel at. Waste of everyone's time, really.
Sherlock taps his fingertips against the armrests to hide the inexplicable tremor in his hands. "You'll have to be more specific."
"John," Sherlock says, and shuts his eyes. "The only time I—" he breathes out, shakily. This is difficult for him. "—I'm only happy when you're here. Both of you."
John ordered another drink. Looked at his phone. He felt hollow, frail, like he might simply drift away.
"I grew up in West Sussex," Sherlock said. He frowned, not knowing why he had spoken at all. He was not in the habit of offering up personal information unbidden.
Sherlock smiles. It's a pleased smile, a genuine one, mouth closed and eyes bright. "We built four of them."
"Yep," Sherlock said. He popped his 'p', shifted in his seat. One of his legs bumped against John's. "
John lifted his hands, rested them carefully over Sherlock's on his own face. Interlaced their fingers. The quiet intimacy was almost overwhelming. He could smell Sherlock's shampoo, the soap he'd used that morning, the faint odour of sweat from a long and exhausting day. Sherlock's breath puffed unsteadily against his lips, near enough to kiss but not quite closing the distance.
And it hadn’t been all that terrible, really. Once he’d gotten a glimpse of Sherlock, all red-faced and furious and contrary, small and vulnerable and indeed very much indeed of protection—it hadn’t been so terrible at all.
"You speak of betraying trust," Sherlock said. "I don't believe it was ever in Mary's nature to trust fully. Someone with her history would have developed very strong associations between trust and leverage, and the interactions you speak of—"
Mary was clever. She made no effort to dissuade John from the work he did with Sherlock, she at times even seemed to relish joining in. He preferred her to all of the other women that John had wasted time with over the years.
Thought about how his first reaction had been a flood of euphoric joy, followed and eclipsed almost immediately by choking anger.
He'd texted Sarah to let her know he was running late, and though her response was both immediate and sympathetic, he could not help but think of Sherlock's unflinching assessment of his past performance.
He turned his attention to John. He did not have a book in his hands, as was his custom. Nor was there one on the little table next to his chair. The fire was unlit, and he had not pulled the soft knit blanket across his lap.
"Because that's what people do on birthdays, Sherlock. You have cake. Someone puts a candle in it and sometimes there's an entire chorus of waiters to sing to you and it's all terribly embarrassing and you'll absolutely hate it and we should go, we should go
A phone call would do it. A tip-off to Mycroft about the unassuming betrayer in his circle, a helpful hint about the true fate of the A.G.R.A. team. Rosamund Mary, in the process of becoming Mary Morstan, could be located and acquired and brought into protective custody. Her surviving associates could be extracted, offered the same protection. There would be no one hunting her, no reason for her to—
He is wearing a white t-shirt, slightly stained. Jeans. Boots. There are strands of cornsilk caught in his hair.
John wonders if he has always done it, in that peculiar way he has, almost like sleight of hand. Walking, talking, thinking, deducing. One hand occasionally dipping down out of sight to graze over soft passing fur.
and any satisfaction John might have gleaned from having managed to surprise him was immediately cancelled out by the fact that he'd clearly been so caught up in conversation with his date that he'd never even noticed John across the room.
"I should just—" he tried again. He went over to his chair, set Rosie down in it. She immediately pulled herself up to standing using the arm rest, peered at him from over the back. Her blond ringlets were tousled, sticking up at odd angles. Her expression was indignant. He hesitated for a moment, waiting to see if she would start another tantrum.
"Good night, Molly," he said, and steered her towards the door. He shut it behind her. Stood listening as she hesitated and eventually made her way down the hall.
Thought of the emails from Rosie, the steady constant communication that had started only a few weeks later, that had held fast over the years. Clumsy child's language at first, evolving, refining as she grew.
John looked down at the ground, at his cane resting against the side of his foot. He'd tripped over it as he'd scrambled out into the aisle. Hadn't even noticed it was gone.
She reaches out, puts her hand on his shoulder. Smiles. He stops petting the dog, looks up. Stares at her. She continues to speak. His attention slowly drifts, his eyes seeking and then finding John's gaze over her shoulder. He looks faintly alarmed.
The lights are still on in the gift shop. It's a pity, Sherlock thinks. He'd have liked to utilise them for dramatic effect.
He stared for longer than strictly necessary, taking it in. The refrigerator at John's little house was covered in such drawings, of course, but this—
At ten o'clock, Mrs Hudson came up with a tray of nibbles and a bottle of champagne. He shouted her out of the room, then slumped into his chair feeling uncomfortably regretful.
"I didn't know her," John said. A woman reached past him for a container of milk and he twisted to the side to get out of her way. "I loved her, but I didn't know her at all. I don't think I ever could."
He shuts his eyes, a childish escape that Mycroft would surely mock him for. There is no escaping this.
"Obvious, perhaps, to those witless individuals with nothing but love on the brain," he said, and smiled in a way he hoped softened his words.
"This is the closest I've been to home in the past year. I came here—I chose this place over several others where there were, perhaps, more urgent matters to pursue. I chose it, John, because it was remarkably easy to imagine that, upon conclusion of the investigation, that I might simply catch the next train back to Paddington Station. Return home to Baker Street. Interrupt you in the midst of—whatever it is you do to amuse yourself when I'm not there." Sherlock stops. A smile pulls at the corner of his mouth. "Foolish, perhaps. But—"
He should not be wasting time obsessing over text messages. John either would respond, or he wouldn't. He would either accept the job in Bristol, or he wouldn't. Either way, he'd be back to Baker Street by early evening.
"Sherlock?" John asked again, his voice low, careful. He left his hand cradled against Sherlock's face.
Instead he'd continued on to Sussex, spent an hour by the sea listening to the crash of the surf and the cry of birds. There was a sort of comfort to be found in the wild salt air.
She looks from the dog to Sherlock and back to the dog. Says something. Sherlock leans down and says something in her ear. She curls herself over the book, pressing the pencil down, makes a mark.
"Mm," Sherlock said, his voice heavy. His eyes drooped, but he turned his head and fixed his gaze on John. "Thank you."
He blinked away the memory, aware that too much time had passed since he'd last spoken, that Sherlock had almost certainly seen where his mind had gone.
"Coming," he said. He crossed the room quickly, noting the way the workers eyed Sherlock with some degree of suspicion. Evidently his reputation had preceded him.
her intention. Also, her boyfriend's clearly ditched her, so she's very eager to get back into my good graces, if only for another crack at Sherlock before he's officially off the market. She's got her eye on that country pile."
Her expression is pained. Her eyes are strange behind dark-tinted contact lenses, her makeup thorough, convincing. She looks at Rosie, then back to him. There is moisture gleaming on her cheeks.
"Did they pick dresses?" Mrs Hudson asked, and then, seeing John's stricken face, let out a sound of dismay. "Oh, it was another one of those terrible rows, wasn't it?"
and how, how could he ever have imagined such attachment, such desperate fondness from Sherlock, of all people?
John puts his hand on the back of Sherlock's neck, pulls him close. He no longer wants to hurt him. He just wants to feel his heart beating, feel the warmth of his skin. They slide down together onto the bed, the aged springs creaking.
Sherlock's laptop. He has not thought about it in more than a year, and yet there it is, held aloft in Mary's casual grip.
The man leapt over the counter like a bloody gazelle, his coat flapping. John froze for a split second, then scrambled over the counter after him. There was a great deal of crashing and clattering and then John found himself straddling the barista, immobilising him on the ground amidst a sea of smashed biscuits.
He picked up a package of fairy lights, made his way through the crowd towards the register. There was a queue, and he waited with no small measure of impatience. Rosie was less agreeable by the moment. He dared not set her down on the ground. She'd squirm free of his hand in seconds and bolt off into the crowd.
He went through the door and into the kitchen. Switched on the kettle, found two mugs, set them on the counter. The flat was silent.
"She took her first steps, um, almost three months ago," John said. "And I—it occurred to me that she didn't. That she
Rosie was standing in her cot, shrieking. Her face was flushed red and sweaty, her hair matted against her skull.
"You said there were others. Associates of yours. People you could depend on." The rain had begun to lighten up, barely more than a fine mist against John's face. "Tell me how to find them."
"I might have come back here. To Baker Street. I might not have—" John shakes his head, ploughs on. "I might have been selfish. I might have hurt her, to do what I really wanted to do. And I can't—I can't quite make that fit, Sherlock. Because if I'd done that, if I'd been selfish like that, I wouldn't have my daughter. She wouldn't
"I just didn't know you'd kept following his career," John says, his words flat and defensive to his own ears. "That's all."
He smiled again. Hoped like hell that the brief impression he'd got of Molly from her photograph and a glimpse in the crowd was correct. "Me," he said.
John swallowed, hard. There were things he wanted to ask. Things he wanted to say. He did not quite know where to begin.
It would be enough. It would be more than enough, more than he could have hoped for over the course of the last long and terribly lonely year. And he
He was treated for his injuries, then formally arrested and taken into custody for the murder of James Evans.
He turned to look at what had caught Sherlock's attention. Vivian was running towards them, coffee cups clutched in both hands.
She was not inclined to be cooperative, but he finally wrangled her into a fresh nappy and new clothes. She went scrambling off towards her little toy box and he turned to watch her, his attention snagging on the window in the far corner of the room.
"It's no trouble," Sherlock says, and turns away, walks briskly towards his room. He can no longer quite bear to look at John's face.
Sherlock thought of Moriarty with the gun between his teeth, the hot copper smell of blood and the surprised grin on his face. The spider that had birthed itself from his cold, stiff lips in the morgue.
On Christmas day, Sherlock had cleaned up Rosie's explosion of wrapping paper, had stacked her gifts neatly next to the coffee table. He'd sat in the kitchen studying twice-frozen blood samples that he'd claimed were pertinent to a case he'd been following, and when he was done he'd cleaned up after himself, had put away his slides, had wiped down the table.
Sherlock turned towards her and John took a half step back, the laughter dying in his throat. His face heated. He felt inexplicably guilty, as though she'd caught him doing something inappropriate.
It should have been him, that night in the aquarium. He knows this, he has always known it. He had been living on borrowed time for months, ever since his plane had turned around. It was always supposed to end. When Vivian Norbury had fired her gun, there had been no panic, no regret, only a dull resignation.
The room tilted, shifted, righted itself. His head ached. He wanted to shout, to punch something, to cry.
"I'm sorry," John said. He swallowed, met Sherlock's gaze. He did not want to close his eyes, but his head hurt. He was so very, very cold. There were things he'd wanted to say, though, and he thought he ought to say them. Even if he was only speaking to his own ghost. "I'm so sorry. I was a coward. I should have—I should have told you—"
The DI leading the investigation is not Lestrade. Sherlock has not bothered to learn the man's name, and is disinclined to seek him out for further conversation. He has an irritating voice.
John set his suitcase down at the foot of the bed against the far wall. Stood looking down at it for a moment.
"We'll need it to coordinate rescue efforts. After everything you've gone through to help, you wouldn't want to impede his extraction, would you?"
"No," John said. He very stubbornly kept his eyes fixed ahead, watching the snow drift and pile on the windshield. It was easier not to look at Sherlock, to pretend he was just another ghost, hovering just out of sight. "It's not. It's not the vow. Don't try to tell me that. People don't just do this, you know? It doesn't matter what was said in front of a roomful of strangers, they don't just drop everything and run off after someone who—someone who walked out on them."
John had thought him lovely under the streetlamps, earlier, but he is even lovelier now in the warm golden lamplight, comfortable and at home, pleased and open.
He went down the hall, into his office, shut the door behind him. Let out a little huff of breath at the sight of his cane, leaning up against the desk where he'd left it the night before.
"I find myself in need of a flatmate," Sherlock cuts in. It is not what he had intended to say. Yet once the words are out, he finds he has no interest in calling them back.
He'd thrown himself into the river after Sherlock without hesitation, but one lone, brilliant smile delivered from a hospital bed had been enough to make him turn tail.
On Christmas Eve, before he'd ruined it, John had sat on the sofa and Sherlock had sat across from him. Their knees had bumped. There had been a fire going, and they had been surrounded by people they loved. There had been music on the radio. Sherlock had smiled at him like he was something worth smiling at.
It is not elation, and it is not sorrow. He does not have a word for what it is. He wants to scream. He wants to laugh.
"It's—fine," he says. It is not fine, not really, but his throat has tightened and his voice is too thick to say much else. He wonders how long it has been for them, how long Sherlock has been back. He had not thought to specify.
Sherlock bounced her once, twice. Unzipped her from her heavy winter coat, let that drop to the floor as well. Kissed her on her furious, bunched up little forehead.
"Yeah," John said. "Look, I get it. You know all about me. Read it in a file, or—or whatever it is that you do these days. Can we skip to the part where you tell me what you want?"
"Ah," Sherlock says. He smiles again, narrows his eyes at the man still frozen and gaping by the door. "Well.
Mycroft breathed out slowly. His fingers twitched, likely in want of a cigarette. "Do you remember Musgrave, at all?"
"Get in the backseat," Sherlock said. His face was flushed and wind-chilled, and he was breathing hard. Water beaded up at the tip of his nose and he sniffed, swiping at it. When he spoke again, his voice was sharp and impatient. "And take off those clothes. I already told you that."
John went to the fridge, opened it, looked inside. It was devoid of body parts. There was a small fruitcake, slightly uneven, wrapped in plastic on the top shelf. A handmade gift from a grateful client. Sherlock had accepted it without complaint. Sherlock did a lot of things without complaint, these days.
Sherlock has been dismissed, and so he goes up the stairs. Behind him, he hears the creak of door hinges, Mrs Hudson's pleased greeting, Rosie's squeal of joy.
John sniffed, frowned. There was a faint odour of rot in the air, sickly sweet. Like she'd failed to empty the rubbish bin.
"Please, be my guest." Sherlock gestured towards the tray in the corner without opening his eyes, without stirring from his place on the cot. "I'm sure the smell is proving an irresistible temptation."
Mary dozes against the window. Her hands are folded loosely in her lap, sunlight glinting off of the pretty diamond solitaire he'd given her.
It is only a few days past her third birthday, and he catches himself, sometimes, marvelling at how much she's grown.
John startled, tore his gaze away from the musicians and the mingling crowd, found himself face-to-face with an impatient-looking woman in a blue dress.
He'd always been a good actor, of course. Always. But this—this was on an entirely different level. He positively oozed with a smarmy charm that, until today, John would have sworn he'd have had no idea how to emulate. And he didn't just emulate it, he
John moved back in, officially, permanently. He said nothing about it, simply began hauling up boxes and bags, shelving books and hanging up clothes. It was comforting. He felt content, happy.
"No," John said. His face felt warm. "No, I'd be—um. Work would be my priority, yeah. And Rosie, of course."
This was surely worse than any punishment they could have dreamed up. Trapping him in a locked room with Mycroft when he was feeling
"That's nice," John said. He nodded. "Good. Yeah. That's—" he stopped, looked down at the table. Sucked in a breath through his nose. Looked back up. "No. Sorry. You and—?"
"Tell me about the dog," John says, because the barn door and the inn both seem too far away and he is too tired to care.
Sherlock snapped his head up. He was trembling, he realised. Afraid. Unsure and uneasy, the ground unsteady beneath him. As if all that stood between him and a terrible fall was a bit of old, rotten wood, already groaning with the strain.
They'd returned to Baker Street after the lesson. He'd watched Sherlock and Janine climb the stairs to the flat, and had then gone to collect Rosie from Mrs Hudson.
John shifted closer on the sofa, their shoulders bumping up together. Sherlock turned his head slightly, frowning, struggling to understand. Their faces were very close.
He slipped the disc back where he'd found it, no longer comfortable, John's empty room only serving to remind him that soon enough it would be truly empty.
He'd been one of the first friends John had made after enlisting. He'd had a high-pitched, infectious laugh that had pissed off their commanding officer to no end. Evan had seemed younger than his years, had possessed a strange sort of innocence that had made John want to shield him from the worst of the world. They'd made a pact to watch each other's backs, but John had, even then, suspected that he'd be the one doing most of the watching.
The flat was quiet. Mostly. There was an irregular drip coming from the tap in the kitchen—he'd failed to shut it properly the last time he'd filled the kettle. Irritating. He should fix it.
"There were—papers. Straker maintained a small office in the barn. I wanted to have a look at them, and the night watchman was, most fortunately, incapacitated. Straker was of little consequence at that point."
Sherlock shut his eyes. Felt a prickle of unease creep down his spine. "If you're about to tell me that I burned down our childhood home, I think I'd prefer to continue living in ignorance."
The John Watson he'd been before he'd taken a bullet to the shoulder, before he'd woken up in a hospital bed stripped of everything and everyone who had ever been important to him,
Two years back, a reporter had uncovered a vein of corruption within New Scotland Yard. She'd published a series of articles alleging that police incompetence had led to an overreliance on outside consultants—namely one unauthorized individual, who was ultimately accused of committing several of the crimes he'd been tapped to solve.
"Don't really know," he says, and he is impressed with how casual he sounds. Almost as if his heart is not battering against his ribs like a frantic animal. "Laptop, I guess. But he never got the chance to explain it."
Across from him, John's chair stood empty, caught in a shaft of shifting sunlight. The fabric was comfortably faded and worn in all the places John had touched.
"No, it—" he hesitated. Smiled in spite of himself. "The flight ended up delayed due to an, erm, unruly passenger. Security had to drag him off. So that. You know. Gave us something to talk about for a while."
"I don't have a favourite case, John," Sherlock said. He stood up, and the motion might have been smooth, dismissive, if not for the way he stumbled a bit. He caught himself, drink sloshing over the rim of his glass, and went back towards the kitchen.
Sherlock reluctantly clicked away, checked the outgoing messages (nothing of interest), and the deleted messages (spam, advertisements, and one borderline incoherent email from John's sister). There was nothing to, from, or concerning anyone named Evan Bell.
"How to avoid them," Sherlock said. "Two days until Christmas. Do you have any idea how many poisonings occur at holiday parties?" He shut the book, looked up. Frowned at what he saw.
After a long moment, it occurs to Sherlock that John is likely waiting for him to say something. He opens his mouth, shuts it again. He blinks, runs backward over everything that John has told him.
Sherlock tugged John forward, bringing their hips flush together. John gasped into Sherlock's mouth, one hand tangling in Sherlock's unwashed hair. The feeling was electric. He was trembling, vibrating with want, hot and cold all at once. Closer. They needed to be closer.
Sherlock rummaged around in his coat, withdrew a crinkling evidence bag, a bloodstained book resting within.
"Consider it taken care of," Sherlock said. He sounded tired, but there was still a smile in his voice.
John watched Sherlock. Watched as his expression periodically shifted into focus, as his head swiveled to note the placement of CCTV cameras.
John breathes out hard through his nose. Looks away. His gaze catches on the cornstalks, whipping to and fro in the wind.
Sherlock thought that proceeding directly to the nearest crime scene was a perfect response to being stood up for dinner. He was also fairly sure that he was alone in that thought. It certainly did not explain her presence.
Alice, he thought, would be the type of person who hoarded superficial contacts but made no effort to cultivate long-term relationships, at least at first. He elected not to respond to Christine's message.
Well, it was only going to get worse if he delayed further. He took his phone out of his pocket, snapped a few pictures. Made a silly face to catch her attention, and she stopped trying to drool all over the hat and instead grinned at him.
"Well, you know Sherlock," John said with a tight smile, stooping to buckle Rosie into her pushchair. "He has a tendency to bring out the worst in people."
They stopped, looked at each other. The little drop moisture at the edge of John's nose trembled, dripped down to the floor. He sniffed, wiped at his face with the back of one gloved hand.
Sherlock's eyes are closed. He opens them slowly, as if dazed. His pupils are huge and dark in the dim light. He blinks once, and then again. He looks at once elated and terrified, his face flushed, and John could die happy, here in this moment, having got to see him like this.
"Too many to list, I'm afraid," John said, drawing back with a nervous laugh. He glanced towards Sherlock with an expression that he hoped appropriately conveyed:
He brushes the EXECUTE button with his index finger, hesitates. It really is quite an alarming shade of red. Something about it seems . . . dangerous, almost.
"Hi," he said. He took off his coat, bent to pick her up. She fussed at the touch of his cold hands, but nestled her head into the crook of his neck.
"Of course you did," John said. There was a sort of good-humoured mockery in his voice, though somewhat strained.
Who was he kidding? He'd spent a few days feeling important, mixed up in something that was bigger than the narrow little box his life had shrunk down to. He'd been
Lestrade had lost Sherlock hundreds of times, over the years, John knew. Sherlock never waited. That was just what he did. Something about this time was different. Something about this time had Lestrade worried.
No, this was something else. Something more sinister. Something that John would not feel comfortable taking to the police. Something personal.
Sherlock thought of salt air, of rambling gardens, the soothing hum of the apiary. "I'd hoped," he said.
That surprises a laugh out of John. He leans forward, pulls Sherlock against him. It is not the first time they've held one another, though the positioning is rather intimate. One of Sherlock's elbows rests on John's thigh. Sherlock's hair is rumpled and sweet-smelling under John's nose.
"Hearts and flowers and pretty butterflies," Sherlock says impatiently, unable to keep his voice from edging into a high, mocking tone. "I know."
"I didn't mean to—" John gestures towards the sofa, shrugs. The dark circles under his eyes have faded a bit. "You got her up. Thanks. You didn't have to—you could have just—"
Sherlock had smiled. It was distracting, that smile. John loved it, even though it made something in his chest twist and ache.
John spoke to the gravestone, rested his hand on top of it for a moment. The gesture wrenched something in Sherlock, unexpected.
The laptop makes a sound, a sort of grinding whir that has him flinching instinctively. But the screen flickers to life.
"John," Sherlock breathed. He spun around, clapped his hands together. "Christopher Thomas was a difficult personality. Not particularly well-liked."
He was alert in ways he had not been in years, attuned to his surroundings, his pulse high, his body ready. His gun was warm against his lower back.
"Spider bite," Molly said. She bit her lip, looked away. Did not pull down the sleeve of her jumper, did not hide away the wound marring her pale skin. "Brown recluse. I was lucky. It could have been much worse."
"Should probably have happened a long time ago," she said. "But. Um. I suppose sometimes you don't notice things that are right in front of you for so long—"
Perhaps that was just the sort of life one lived as a spy. Even if it wasn't all as thrilling as films would have him believe, he thought it fair to assume MI6 was not particularly compatible with domesticity or long term relationships.
Pete smiled without much humour. "It's a neat little story, isn't it? Invalided soldier misses the excitement of combat. Takes up crime fighting as a side hobby. Gets himself an illegal handgun to ease his way."
"No," he said, and he curled his lip, put as much disdain into his sneer as he could manage. "I don't."
John had left him behind, because that's what John had needed to do. After the mess with Culverton Smith, after everything that had happened with Mary, what John had needed from Sherlock was for him to step away and let him live his life.
He slipped his phone out of his pocket, looked down. There were texts. Texts from John. Sherlock had spent much of the night prowling around an interesting corpse and barking orders at Lestrade; he'd not paid any attention to his phone.
"Well. There was a murderous psychopath after me at the time. That does tend to colour one's perception."
"I'm sorry," John says, later. He is standing at the sink in the kitchen, the water running. Rosamund sits at the table, rolling a bit of apple back and forth. She seems disinclined to eat it. Sherlock does not blame her; the edges have gone mushy and brown.
The dress shop was small, with aisles narrow enough that John could not help but stumble over voluminous skirts, satin and tulle whispering against his legs as he made his way resolutely towards the back of the room.
"Right," he said. He found himself anxious to get off the line. "Well. Don't keep Greg waiting, yeah?"
Sherlock breathed hard. His nostrils flared. His chest heaved. He stared down at John without blinking.
They were nearing London when John's breathing changed, when he stirred towards wakefulness. Sherlock detached himself, slid carefully back over onto his side of the car, left a small but respectful distance between them.
"Sherlock? Is this—" he paused, looked down. Sherlock followed his gaze to their hands, clasped together against the leather of the couch. He shifted his fingers, marveling at the feel of John's on top of his own.
A spider danced across his nose, feather-light legs brushing his skin, looming large in his line of sight and he nearly flinched, nearly gave up the game.
There was a difference, John knew, between arranging someone's death and being the one to pull the trigger. Pete had managed to stay fairly removed from his messy handiwork until now. Even when he'd shoved Vincent St Clair down the stairs, he hadn't followed him down to have a closer look.
He chanced a glance at Sherlock, who was looking at him as if he'd never seen him before in his life.
He doubled over in his chair, his face flushing up hot, blood roaring in his ears, his vision blurring, his eyes stinging.
Sherlock was dipping a linen napkin in John's water glass, using it to mop the scribbled moustache from his upper lip.
"Oh, don't make that face! He didn't say it in so many words. He just—well, he said you were grieving. That your priorities had changed but you might still feel—left out. That he tried to involve you when it seemed appropriate, but he knew he couldn't just
He tore his eyes away from Sherlock, looked at Janine. She smiled, took a sip of her champagne. Her ring sparkled.
"Disguises," Sherlock murmured, looking away. "Might explain why Mycroft seems unaware of her movements."
Sherlock followed the swirl of red and blue lights to an alleyway, neatly sidestepped the police tape. No one made any effort to stop him.
John squinted at the screen. Lazarus seemed to be in the same poorly lit location as the day before. He'd cleaned himself up a bit. He'd washed the smear of dirt (blood, his mind offered helpfully) from his face, though his hair was still an unfortunate matted tangle. His eyes were quite bright, alert, intent.
Sherlock looks at him. His eyes are very pale in the shifting shadows of the oncoming storm. "There are certain things that I have—come to care about."
John let his hands drop from Sherlock's shoulders, wrapped his arms around Sherlock's waist inside the warm cocoon of his coat instead, pulled him close. He was tall and angular, sharp hips and elbows. His heart thundered wildly against his ribs.
And all John could think about was Sherlock's arms around Janine on the dance floor. About Sherlock standing in front of the altar and reciting vows,
Instead he scrolled through her page, glanced at her photos, looked at the posts from her friends. She had recently started a new job, he noted. Moved into a new flat. She'd been tagged in several photos out at various pubs and events. She was smiling. Surrounded by friends.
"Mm, no, I don't think so," Sherlock said, and his voice had sharpened. "You've clearly got something on your mind. Best continue."
"No," he said, ducking his head away from the medic's persistent fingers. "No, I'm fine. Thank you. But I'm fine."
"Chips," John said. He looked down at his hands, back up at Sherlock. "Oh. Oh! Is that where—she said you had chips. Eurus. Your sister. Was that—"
"I'm not feeling well," he says. "I think I'm coming down with something. I need to—I'm just going to go home. We'll talk tomorrow, yeah?"
The machine hums and whirs, and the screen lights up. He smiles faintly. Sherlock always had managed to impress him in the strangest of ways.
The screen flickers. Smoke begins first to curl, then to pour out from the keyboard. The chemical burning smell sharpens. Sparks dance in the nest of wires jutting out of the back.
"Me too," John said. He slipped one of his hands back, running it through Sherlock's hair, settling it on the back of Sherlock's neck, skin warm and slightly sweat-damp. He leaned up and Sherlock let himself be kissed. "Just—me too."
John had not moved away, his hand still spread warm and solid on Sherlock's back. It moved in slow circles, soothing.
"Jim," the man said. He shrugged, an exaggerated motion that shifted his thin shoulders under his t-shirt. "From IT."
He thought of Moriarty and his flat black eyes. He thought he might never truly rest easy again, no matter how happy or content he felt. There would always be eyes in the dark, always a faint tickling sensation just out of reach, fleeting, ghostly. A thin strand threatening to become a noose.
He'd thanked Molly for her honesty, but he hadn't really listened to her. She'd look after his daughter, he thought. She'd clean up another one of his messes. But was that really what he wanted? After everything, was that really the best he could do?
"Hi," Sherlock says brightly, aiming his best grin at the two stunned-looking young men crowded together in the doorway. "Can I help you?"
John glanced back over at her, then at Sherlock. Thought again of his empty house, of the quiet and dreadfully dull night that stretched before him. Of all the endless dull nights that would follow.
Thought of Sherlock, waxy and cold, unmoving on the banks of the Thames. John had thrown himself over the railing and into the water without a second thought. Had gotten his arm around Sherlock's chest and had pulled Sherlock's chilled body against his.
Sherlock had said to him in the hazy pre-dawn hours. Had he been thinking about this? Had he been turning it over and over in his mind, exploring the idea from every angle?
She huddled on the step, fidgeted with the sleeves of her dress. Peered up at his face and waited for him to speak.
"Yep." John broke eye contact, looked down at the ground. "Er. Sorry about that. If it's any consolation, I think he slipped his number into your phone while he was picking it up before."
John poured hot water into mugs with a shaking hand. He set the kettle back down on the counter. Stood with his hands braced, staring down, breathing.
"Oh, if you're going to be such a cock about it, just pick it yourself!" Janine shouted, loud enough that the hum of conversation in the room cut out. Several people in the queue craned their necks to see what was going on.
"Why? Why did you—" Sherlock hesitated. He looked unsure. He clasped his hands behind his back, tucked his chin, furrowed up his brow as he looked at John. "Why did you go to such lengths to help me? Delivering my first message is understandable, but after that, particularly once it became apparent that there was a risk to your life, there was no reason for you to continue."
It was all right. He mostly regretted taking the position. Mostly. He found his shifts dreadfully boring, but the salary paid the rent on his flat and kept him in London, after all. And it wasn't as if injured ex-army doctors with mobility issues and intermittent hand tremors were exactly in the highest demand on the job market.
There was a room in his mind palace where John lived, a John who was both quick-tempered and quick-witted, who offered praise when warranted and guidance when necessary. Sherlock went there, now, trailed his hand along the wall as he moved through the familiar corridors.
Redbeard running behind him. Sunshine and tall grass. Slick stone and cold air. The crack of wood. The ground underfoot dropping away into impenetrable darkness.
in a forced and halting voice. And perhaps he'd been sincere, but he'd looked terribly uncomfortable to be spending time with Sherlock at all, his gaze had kept skittering away from Sherlock's face, and he'd seemed painfully relieved when Sherlock had assured him that he could last twenty minutes without supervision. He'd looked at Sherlock with a bland and tired face and he'd said
"Redbeard was familiar with the storm shelter. We played down there frequently. Childish adventures. Treasure hunts. That sort of thing. He came right down the stairs after us. I grabbed his collar," Sherlock said. "Mycroft pulled me back against the wall."
Well. Sherlock hadn't said. He'd let the moment pass, and John had taken the hint, and then those texts had started in again, bloody Irene Adler, and his tentative hopes of
Sherlock regards him with some suspicion. Looks at the door, back at John, then to Rosie, who is still thrumming with excitement.
"I'd noticed reports of a string of robberies in the papers," Sherlock said. "Easy enough to deduce where he'd strike next."
"Don't mind him," Janine said. "I keep telling him he'll feel better once he eats something, but—well, you lived with him. You know how he is. Stubborn."
"Your case is not worth my time," Sherlock says. "But that's not the only thing you're after here, is it?"
"What—" John started, and his voice cut out as Sherlock shifted against him, lips ghosting very carefully, very deliberately against his hand. A kiss, warm and soft and unmistakable, shockingly tender.
John laughed, not a cruel or mocking sound, but a soft huff that seemed to come from somewhere deep in his chest. He laughed and Sherlock could
"Letting him in on our little secret, then, Sherl?" Janine's voice cut through his thoughts and he blinked away the memory, focusing on the present.
He'd ruined it, he knew. He'd ruined it and John would leave and Sherlock would have to leave as well. Inevitable. It was why he'd bought the cottage, after all.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. The desk clerk was hardly the first person to mistake them for a couple. John usually brushed this off with varying degrees of indignation. But he'd said nothing this time. Why had he said nothing?
"It's all right," Sherlock told him, patting the great shaggy head. He looked back at John, frowned. There was too much data there. Too much. Not enough.
John, inexplicably, laughed. It was not an angry laugh, nor was it a mirthful one. It sounded resigned.
He smiled tightly, nodded again. He wished she'd leave him alone. She'd clearly taken pity on him, standing alone against the wall, but he could tell she was already regretting making the effort.
It would not have been the first time. But—he was wearing pyjamas. His hair was damp, his skin still warm and pink from the shower.
"Mm," Sherlock agreed noncommittally. "Though I imagine the restaurant will be relieved to know it was an intentional act and not, in fact, caused by their own negligence."
"Sherlock!" the howling wind swallowed his voice. Water in his mouth, his nose, splashing in his eyes. Hypothermia was a secondary concern. In water this cold, he could lose muscle function and drown in a matter of minutes.
"John told me the happy news," Sherlock says. He is still smiling. His eyes seem to be boring into Mary's.
He shrugged. His heart kicked in his chest, some long-buried need to rise to a challenge. "To offer me a raise in pay?"
He laughed without humour, turned away from her to pick up his half-empty glass. He tipped it into the sink, ran the tap to wash away the scent.
John lived in Chelmsford now. Sherlock knew that. He'd known it since receiving word that John had left London. It had not been difficult to deduce. John thrived on unpredictability, but when stressed tended to retreat into the familiar. He took a level of comfort in rote repetition, in following orders. He'd have returned home, to the city of his boyhood, without ever bothering to consider
The water is warm and insistent, pressing in on all sides. There is a moment of buoyancy, weightless and hovering, and then Sherlock sinks.
It reminded him uncomfortably of the time immediately after Sherlock's death. The waves of public anger had seemed unending, then, battering relentlessly at the bruised walls around his heart, dragging against nerves already rubbed raw by grief.
John felt the corner of his mouth tug up into a reluctant smile. Before he could type a response, another message came through.
"What? Yes," Lazarus said, dismissive. Then he cleared his throat, seemed to catch back up to what John had said. "Well. No. But you're working on that."
He does not want to explain. He is tired, he is cold and trembling and covered in blood that is not his own.
Sherlock smiled at that, nodded. His head felt cottony and dreamy. Morphine, he supposed. Lots of it. He lifted his gaze to the ceiling, scanned the corners.
John, obligingly, turned to the nearest table and began riffling through the first box he saw. Which turned out to be American baseball cards.
They went through the door of the third. Sherlock looked around at the lobby. It was sparsely decorated. Clean, but plain.
"He—” John said again. He seemed to have frozen up, his hand still hovering just over the edge of the sheet, his fingers closed over open air.
of John residing anywhere but London. Working at a boring little medical practice, seeing boring patients, socialising with boring coworkers. Perhaps dating; he was an attractive widower, after all, and Rosie needed a moth—
"Please understand, Sherlock. I would have eased her way no matter what," Mycroft said. "Even if, in the end, all she'd wanted to do was paint." He spoke slowly, as if the words pained him.
Sherlock looks down at his hands. He wonders what John is really trying to say. Friday nights are not the only things that are different. Perhaps he really does regret turning down that dinner invitation after all.
And that had stung. Oh, God, that had stung. He'd hated everything, in that moment. Everything and everyone. He'd wanted to tear it all apart, wanted them all to
Greg did not seem to register his expression. "Maggie? No! Mary. Mary! How's Mary? Where is she? Is she here with you?" He grinned, pleased with himself, clapped John on the shoulder again.
"Enough of this now," she says. She sets her tea down on the counter. "You need to buck up, John. I know she's gone, but this path you've been on—it's not doing anyone any good. Not your sweet little Rosie, not Sherlock, and not you."
John is laughing now, his humorless, disbelieving laugh. The look on his face is still fond, however, and he is shaking his head slowly. "Yeah, except for the fact that I wasn't talking about any of that."
He did not linger, he did not loiter, and he did not give himself a moment to question what he was doing. He stepped from the cab to the kerb and marched straight through the doors of the SIS building with his shoulders squared and his head high.
The man took advantage of his momentary distraction, lurched to his feet with a pained cry. He took two stumbling, crashing steps towards Sherlock, bare hands grabbing at Sherlock's coat, throwing them both backwards into the railing.
Sherlock turned his attention to the wall, studied the grinning yellow face, the scattered holes, the places where the bold paper had split and peeled.
John studied him for a moment, then nodded. Looked away. "So I suppose this makes you the handler, then."
"All of the victims had pasta before they died," he said out loud. He slowed his stride. "Why pasta?"
The little cottage, cold and miserable in the wind and rain. White sheets. Fat spiders tumbling from the rafters, seeking him out, brushing along his skin. Taunting, teasing, terrorizing.
"Shh," someone tells him, and he is rolled sideways, pushed free of the airbag. The pavement is cold and damp beneath him.
"Sherlock," John said. He shut his eyes. Slipped his hands in a slow, soothing caress along the thin worn shirt at Sherlock's back.
"—King's Cross? You can't have got those chips in King's Cross, it's the shop in Camden that uses those cartons with the—the—"
He turned to look at her, took in the tense pinch of her mouth, the line between her eyes, the stiff shoulders. The way the knuckles of her right hand had gone white where she gripped her wine glass.
Sherlock's coat was lifted from his shoulders, his own coat following. He mumbled a protest. There was a pillow, and soft bedding, and darkness, and he thought that he hadn't climbed nearly enough stairs to have reached where he was going but he was much too comfortable to do anything about that now.
"You?" John made a mock-scoffing sound, pushed the bedroom door open with his foot. Did not bother with the light—the room was startlingly neat, in spite of the creeping clutter that had taken over the rest of their shared space.
He schools his expression into something approximating irritated boredom, he paces and swirls his coat and occasionally takes his phone out of his pocket to look at the time. The police scuttling around pay him no mind, clearly assuming he's been told to wait.
And John supposed it wasn't, that they'd all have heard something about it at one point or another. They all must know that Sherlock had lost family to a storm.
He looked again at his cane, shook his head. He felt more like himself than he had in ages. If he ever heard from Lazarus again, he supposed he owed him a hearty thanks. Maybe he'd be allowed to buy him a beer. He wouldn't mind hearing about the inner workings of MI6.
"She's nervous," he said, looking her over again. "Doesn't live in London. Traveled here this morning. Clearly the matter is of some emotional importance—she's been crying, though she's tried to hide it."
The thought of a secret hiding place had appealed to him greatly, and he'd carefully dragged the bits of rotting wood back over the gaping mouth of the well.
"Thought we could talk through the case," John said, dragging his thoughts away from Sherlock's scent. "You know. Figure out a plan of attack."
Sherlock had said from behind his hastily constructed armour. That's what he had read in John's movements, in his body language, like he'd been any other client. But he didn't think that was right at all. It was urgent. It had to be urgent, because it was John.
"You've got work," she said. "And your appointment. You need to keep your appointment. It's important."
"Yes," John says. He is surprised at how hot the anger still burns. "But he only wins if he gets there first. All the sponsorships in the world aren't going to help him if the—" he nearly chokes on the name, "—Storm Spider doesn't fly."
tell me there's been a sudden uptick in violent murders over the last two days," Sherlock said, peeling off his gloves and brushing past John to snatch up the second mug on the counter.
She cut him off. "I wouldn't trust anyone, Dr Watson. Where there's one leak, there's always another. And if MI6 remains compromised, he'll be found and killed before rescue ever reaches him. You know that's true," she said.
He opened up John's email account, scrolled through the messages. There were a handful of exchanges with someone named Rahid, arranging scheduled shifts. The messages were professional, politely worded, entirely impersonal. They told him nothing.
John stared at him for a moment. Shrugged. His mouth had gone dry. He was not sure he had an answer, at least not one he could speak out loud.
It was the kind of wary edginess that was particular to John, he thought. Well-hidden. Easily overlooked, unless, of course, you knew what you were looking for. Which, of course, Sherlock did.
There is nothing for it. John shrugs, gestures to the door. Sherlock pushes it open, hangs his coat on the hook, goes up the stairs. Rosie slips free of John's grasp and bolts up the stairs after him, much too excited to be bothered with waiting to be carried.
She did not need to say anything more. John had not come. John was not going to come. At some point between a bullet to the chest and Sherlock collapsing to the tired sitting room carpet, John had decided he'd had enough.
Sherlock waits, and listens. John's steps on the stairs, slow, weary. Rosie is whinging, but it is a halfhearted whinge, and she will likely leave off once John sets her back on the ground.
John thought of Mycroft Holmes, stiff and guarded in the soft leather seat of his car. Thought of the sour expression on his face when he'd said
"Sherlock-fucking-Holmes with his locked-fucking-phone," he said. He stared down at the screen as if he could will it to yield. Then he tipped his head back, looked up at the sky. He could not believe it had not gone dark yet. The day felt as if it had lasted a thousand years.
Sherlock huffed. "An engagement announcement, John. Use lots of exclamation points. That should indicate a certain level of enthusiasm."
"Yeah, no, I get it. You doctors. Always rushing off to save the world," she grinned as she spoke, but the tilt of her head and the ironic twist of her voice made her seem less than earnest.
"New truck," Sherlock says. He looks past John to where he has left his truck parked at the edge of the cornfield.
"I—" John starts, and then he stops. He looks at Sherlock for a long moment. Something in his stance seems to soften. He smiles, looks down. "Yeah, all right. Thanks."
"There," he said, looking back. "Booze is gone. Aren't parties over when that happens? Why are you all still here?"
"I'm—erm. Thinking about selling my place," John had said one day, out of the blue. His tone had been too casual, almost forced. He'd scraped at the armrest of his chair with one fingernail.
"No, just—it's fine," John said. He shook his head. "I'm sorry. You've—um. You've made it plain that you don't want to talk about it, and I keep pressing, yeah? I'd just thought—well. We've already established that I'm an idiot, yeah?"
He'd not spent much time at the cottage. There had been the initial visit, of course, where he'd arranged to purchase the property from Janine. Twice more, to finalise the purchase and arrange for the caretaker. It had sat empty for a few years, until Rosie was in primary school.
"Right," he'd said, finally, when the silence had stretched on between them for far too long. "Right, yeah. No. You're right. Of course you're right. You're always right."
John frowned, Victoria's bizarrely brazen behaviour in the dress shop finally coalescing into something that made sense. "And she's still—still at it? After all this time?"
Hungerford Bridge. The Golden Jubilee footbridges. A pretty walk on a nice evening, hazardous and icy on a night like this. Sherlock, alone on a winter's night, cornering a desperate man.
There had been mistletoe in the doorway on that terrible Christmas, the one that had ended in gunfire and helicopters and panic, his own wild cornered-animal mix of fear and rage, the sight of Charles Augustus Magnussen dead at Sherlock's hand.
There had been many false endings, of course. Many close calls, many near misses. Yet those ends had never seemed permanent. Those ends had come with raised voices and shouting and tears and anger. John's rage burned hot and brief, and there had still been fire there, burning, consuming, never quite fully doused.
And so John lets Rosie lead him at a stumbling run towards the dog, and he holds her hand and reminds her to be gentle, and the dog sniffs at her outstretched fingers and gives them a lick.
The flat felt strangely small, with Rosie asleep and Sherlock gone. John stood, uncertain and uncomfortable, his pulse up, his breathing elevated. He felt edgy and distracted, a bit loose at the seams, and he wondered, fleetingly, if this was how Sherlock felt on his danger nights.
He'd been in a foul mood by the time he'd reached the hotel Sarah had arranged for him the night before. He'd been cold, hungry, frustrated—and Rosie had been kicking and squirming and screaming her little lungs out.
The sight of a new message notification on his phone nearly sent his heart skittering out of his chest. But it was Alice's messenger, not his own.
But it wasn't just about him, anymore. He had Rosie to consider. And Sherlock as well, Sherlock who had—who had given up so much of himself, over and over again. Was it fair of him to keep asking for more?
To John's left, Sherlock was moving in a simple box step with Janine, his hand tucked against the small of her back, his head bowed down close to hers.
Leading up to that first Christmas, he'd looked at Sherlock, at his smooth pale skin and his thick dark curls, at his long neck and his lean frame, the way he pursed his lips when he was thinking, the way his eyes snapped to John with a shocking sort of intensity. He'd looked at Sherlock and he'd felt a little electric thrill up his spine, and he'd thought
"Well," John said. He shook his head, curled his mouth in a hard smile. "Thanks for the excitement, I suppose. Goodbye."
"It's not any of the florists," Sherlock announced, brushing past them and taking the stairs two at a time. He seemed energetic, invigorated.
"Distraction," John said. His face burned. He wanted to stand up and leave with whatever dignity he still possessed, wanted to disappear, wanted never to have sat down at all. "Right. And—why didn't you say something sooner?"
Sherlock's mouth twitches. He looks away from John, back towards the dog. Rosie grabs onto his arm again and tugs. This time he goes willingly, crossing through the doorway with her just ahead, leading the way.
"Your parents," he said, finally. "Do they know? That this—" he waved his hand helplessly in the air, "—is all an act?"
"A bit," John agrees, a smile pulling at the corners of his mouth. "Alan seemed the nervous type. Can't have been easy for him."
Sherlock shrugs, says nothing. In the darkness, the pallor of his skin is unmistakable, as are the dark hollows beneath his eyes. He has not been living comfortably.
At eleven-thirty, the champagne bottle empty, she patted Sherlock on the shoulder rather blearily and said "Doesn't look like I'll be staying up till midnight this year, dear. Happy New Year. Not too much noise, if you don't mind." She kissed him on the cheek and went down the stairs with her careful slow steps, and he was once more alone.
There was a light in the upstairs window, a soft golden glow in the sitting room. The sight moved him.
John forced himself to look away. He turned, walked back through the store, past the scandalised check out girl at the counter.
He nodded towards the door, where her left hand maintained a tight grip on the wood, her body twisted so her right hand was out of sight.
Sherlock made a derisive noise, glanced towards the door to Baker Street. The knocker had been shifted, ever-so-slightly. It could have been Mrs Hudson, or a client, of course, but—
He had never given much thought to the idea of fatherhood, and had certainly never imagined himself raising a small girl on his own, but he can no longer quite imagine life without her.
The wind picks up, ruffling his hair. He keeps himself from tipping his head back and looking at the sky, but only just.
"No," John says, anger flaring. He staggers to his feet, pleased to see that his legs do support him after all. And then he is crashing into Sherlock, driving him backwards hard enough that his back hits the opposite wall. His cap slips off, revealing a familiar head of tousled curls.
She put a hand on Sherlock’s arm, felt the jump of his traitorous pulse. The sheet shifted minutely, stilled. He was holding his breath.
"He was just here," Victoria said. She had a glass of champagne in her hand, a red strawberry bobbing hypnotically in the golden liquid. She did not look particularly happy.
John had breathed out hard through his nose and Sherlock startled, his hands falling away, horrified embarrassed excuses already building up in his throat.
and—Christ, she could have come face-to-face with James Moriarty and his flat dead eyes. She could have—
"Covered it up," John says. He looks at Sherlock, then back at Alan, his brows raising. "You covered it up."
Sherlock's throat clenched. There was a flare of anger, old anger, an anger he'd thought long buried. "Absolutely not."
"Then we don't let him," John said. His face was furrowed up, almost heartbreakingly earnest. "Don't play his game. Make up one of your own."
He looked at the door. He looked at his coat, hanging next to John's on the wall as it had done for years. Looked at the empty space where Rosie's was meant to be.
John breathed out a frustrated breath, looked away. That wasn't Sherlock's fault. Of course he had no idea what to say. What was anyone supposed to say to that?
Janine excused herself to use the loo. She kept her fingers tangled with Sherlock's as she stepped away, their hands stretching and parting reluctantly. John watched her go. She turned and blew Sherlock a kiss over her shoulder.
"John." She gripped the bathroom door tightly with her left hand. He could not see her right. "What are you—is that a
"You were angry with me," Mary said. Her voice was very calm. She was almost smiling, he thought, although it might have been a trick of the light.
"It's—" John said. He cleared his throat, refocused. He smoothed his hand over the lapels of his coat, hoped he didn't look too deranged. "It's very important that I attend. Surely there's an extra ticket you can find, or—"
She could not quite bring herself to cross the room and peel back the sheet. Instead, she lifted the phone out of her pocket once more, dialed.
she'd asked him (he'd asked himself) that day at St Caedwalla's, and he'd been brought up short, her words (his thoughts) like a shock of ice water to the face. Because he hadn't. For a few minutes, caught up in Sherlock's mad orbit again, he hadn't thought about Mary or his anger or his grief or his guilt. He hadn't.
"Oh, John, surely you haven't forgotten already," Sherlock narrowed his eyes. He waited a moment, then let out an impatient huff. "The groom. Died from anaphylactic shock at his own wedding, halfway through the ceremony."
"I—yes," Sherlock said. He thought of Barts morgue, and Molly Hooper, who would be finishing up her night shift in less than an hour. The hospital corridors were mostly empty this time of night. He'd be able to slip in undetected.
"Well," Mrs Hudson said, before Sherlock could speak. "I best be off. Lots to do before the wedding. You boys enjoy your tea."
dwelling on it while the hateful silence had thickened and festered between them, poisoning the air.
"Go home," he muttered to himself, his voice low and fierce. He clenched his hand, hard, dug his fingernails into his palm. He needed to leave. He needed to have never come at all. He needed to stop thinking about Sherlock, and he needed to have never heard about the bloody virologist from Glasgow, and—
John smiled, looked down at the ground, feeling a bit like a smitten schoolboy. His eyes stung and his chest ached, an onslaught of emotion threatening to claw free. He squeezed Sherlock's hand, let the pad of one fingertip roll over the wedding band.
Rosie and Sherlock are sat on a bench under a canopy of trees that are turning the most lovely shades of orange and yellow—Sherlock in his coat, and Rosie in hers.
There is a garbled string of letters from Harry that seems to have set off tonight's exchange. Sherlock squints at it. He suspects it to be an insult. Harry is quite good with insults. Unfortunately, her hand-eye coordination deteriorates with drink.
John stood up, squared his shoulders. Thought about the way Sherlock's face had looked in the moonlight. Thought about everything he'd wanted to say, everything he'd wanted to do. Thought about what he
"The man you're restraining fancies himself a jewel thief. Tried robbing a shop in Covent Garden just last week, but chose the wrong display case and ended up with a sack full of cubic zirconia."
John paused. Clenched his hand, released it. "Oh. Right."  He forced himself to smile. He'd been doing a lot of that, lately. It hadn't got any easier. "I'll just—"
What had he been thinking? Clearly he hadn't been thinking. At all. He'd lost the ability to think somewhere around the time John Watson had climbed soaking wet into the backseat of a car and attempted to crack a joke while stripping himself naked. Well. Mostly naked. It didn't matter. The details were irrelevant.
He blinked at her for a moment, then looked down at the box of fairy lights still clenched in his hand. His fingernails had left little crescent-shaped marks in the cardboard.
Christ, were she and Sherlock sitting up into the night having bloody heart-to-hearts? Was she pouring out her feelings to him on a regular basis? There was no way Sherlock would tolerate such a thing, was there? He had to be filtering her out. That's what he did. He filtered. He tuned out. He avoided.
"Right," John said. Belatedly, he wondered if he ought to have laughed. It seemed the kind of thing he'd have found amusing, once. Now he just felt tired.
He looked at the sofa and thought of how it had been years ago, that first time between them. John's face flushed and fond, the way Sherlock's heart had clattered against his ribs in an unsteady rhythm. Sweat cooling on their skin. The sluggish return of conscious, measured thought.
"My assistance? You're the bloody wedding expert. You're the one who—you—" John cut himself off, sniffed in a sharp breath through his nose.
"Allow me to rephrase that. You've known Sherlock Holmes for four days, and now you've moved into his flat."
"Sherlock," John said, gripping his shoulder with one hand and giving it a little shake. Sherlock's skin was hot, too hot, radiating through the thin silk of his dressing gown. "Have you taken something? What is this?"
On the other side of the door, the party seemed to be in full swing. There was music, and the indistinct swell of conversation and raucous good cheer.
It was a poisoned gift, but a gift nonetheless. He had no doubt that Eurus had intended him to keep the painting. Perhaps she'd intended to sow dissent. Perhaps she'd wanted him to twist himself up into knots every time he looked at it, every time he looked at John and remembered all that came after. Or, perhaps she'd simply thought he'd like it.
"John," Sherlock said. His voice sounded strangled. He blinked, hard, shook his head, opened his mouth again.
Christ. He would have to hurry in order to make it to work on time. He was fairly sure Sarah would not hesitate to sack him if he could not even manage to remain punctual.
John sucked in a breath, his stomach dropping even as he registered the hint of amusement in Sherlock's voice, the barest suggestion of a smile pulling at the edges of his lips.
"Made that good of a first impression on you?" he said, unable to keep the edge out of his voice. "Really wanted that coffee, yeah?"
He thought he could do with some tea, perhaps, before this interminable second half of his day began. He started to stand up, grimacing at the effort it took.
"That shouldn't take too long," John said, keeping his tone light. "Genius like you, yeah? London can't have changed that much in two years."
At some point he had shut his eyes. He opened them again, suddenly anxious for the visual input, for some sign that this was happening, that his mind had not simply decided to take a particularly fanciful detour.
"She was the first, yeah? Friend of yours? Maybe you wanted more? You certainly spent enough time looking at her pictures on social media."
you're convinced I maintain is not nearly as robust as you might imagine. Dr Watson simply doesn't hold the same interest for me that he does for you."
"The best I could do," he said, turning the words over slowly in his mind. He shook his head, smiled a little. It was not a comfortable smile. He thought about Sherlock, staring up at him from the floor, blood in his eyes. "My best friend is an addict. He relapsed."
"Sherlock," Lestrade said, shifting a bit where he stood. "I'm not entirely sure where you're going with this."
So she'd done it. She'd done it because he'd asked, and in the end she always did what he asked, even when she told herself not to.
Harry called around ten o'clock. She sounded sober. They chatted for a few minutes and then rung off.
He thinks about Sherlock at the inn in Grimpen Village, trembling and sweating and spitting angry words by the fire. He thinks of the clumsy but earnest apology that followed after.
When he left John's room, he did not lock the door behind him. It did not matter. He would not be back.
The man did not respond, simply stared into the webcam. He swallowed. John watched his Adam's apple rise and fall. There were scratches on the side of the man's neck, crusted over with either dirt or dried blood, barely visible in the shadows.
He hesitated. Thought of Sherlock, pinned by laser sights at Appledore. The look on his brother’s face as he’d pulled the trigger on Magnussen.
"Sorry," John said. He swiped the back of his hand across his eyes again. Cleared his throat. "I'll be right up."
