Dean shakes his head rapidly, hands grasping at Cas’s shirt in an effort to appease him. It’s one of Cas’s favorite rules. Dean doesn’t get to talk when they’re playing.
Dean chooses not to respond, and once he’s done, Cas takes him by the cock and leads him back down to the dining room, a cushion waiting in front of Castiel’s chair.
“No labels, huh?” Dean asks curiously. Cas has tried to have that conversation before. The, ‘what are we?’ and ‘what am I to you?’ But Dean has never managed to get past exclusivity. Too much commitment, too many things that could go wrong.
Castiel continues spanking him, and Dean gasps as he feels himself tipping on the edge, about to fall and get lost in the pit of sensation. Castiel reaches under the bench, and when he touches Dean's cock he almost whines at how good his hand feels.
Dean bristles, but he doesn’t have time to respond to Castiel before he’s placing a packet of papers in front of Dean.
Technically, Castiel is a little overqualified for his position. He got his PhD in Dynamic and Sexual Psychology when he was 21, and the Program and a lot of other Dom/sub private institutions have invited him to teach other Doms and Dynamic/Sexual Psych classes, but Castiel politely declined every offer he’s received.
Castiel was tired of yelling, but he wasn’t beyond telling Benny off for bothering him when he knows - he knows - how badly Castiel fucked up. He doesn’t get the chance before a tall, lanky boy pushes past Benny into the room, and is stunned to recognize him.
Dean nods desperately, and then he's sinking down onto Cas's cock, almost crying with how good it feels. Cas spanks his thigh and Dean gasps, rocking up and down, Cas's cock pulling sounds out of him as he feels his cock hit his prostate, groaning.
Dean knows him well enough to know there’s more than what he’s saying, and that helps him to understand Cas’s nervousness.
“Good boy,” Castiel whispers. His hand guides Dean to stand up on wobbly knees, and then they’re off to the office.
“Cassie, everyone who knows you can see that there’s more to this relationship than just sex. Seriously, dude. Take a hint. “
“I’ll deal with it,” Castiel says, hanging up. Master rubs his face, looking altogether too wound up for Dean’s liking.
Get Castiel to give him Dean, double cross Castiel. Alastair would have Dean. They take his boy, then his empire, then his life.
“You can brat all you want, sub,” Castiel whispers right into his ear as he’s knotting the ropes. “I don’t care how hard you fight me, I’ll take you down."
Castiel watched him go nearly insane with lack of sleep and stress and all of the other bad things once the business started growing, watching from the sidelines until he couldn’t take it anymore.
“Don’t think I didn’t see you looking to me for permission earlier, either,” Cas says. “That makes three days.”
"Face it, Cassie," he says firmly. "He's not a whore. You care about him. He's probably the only thing you care about, and anyone with eyes can see it.”
“Thank you,” Dean says begrudgingly, barely able to make eye contact with him. Castiel sighs, reaching out, his hand on Dean's neck.
The other part wants to get down to his knees, face on the floor and beg for this man to forgive him. Because Cas makes him feel so, so good, and he’s so tired of running.
Just a lowly informant. A leak. A high position of power in Castiel’s association, feeding information to Michael.
Completely ignoring him, Cas pulls a bottle out of lube from seemingly nowhere, squeezing it out onto his hand, reaching out and slicking Dean’s cock up. Dean bites back a whimper, eyes focused solely on the slow jerks of Cas’s hand. It feels good, so good, better than anyone else’s hand and certainly better than his own. Not that he’s felt either, in a long time. He wouldn’t ever need to.
“No,” Dean says, but Cas doesn’t miss the way his cock twitches at the thought, the way his eyes almost roll back into his head. “Cas, please, let me touch, I’ll be good, I’m sorry-“
and that's all! hope you enjoyed. this honestly started as a smut piece, and i was writing with no ending in mind, so i hope it isn't underwhelming.
Dean can’t even fight as Sir pushes the gag back in, can’t do anything more than whimper when he hears the familiar crack of an ice pack.
," Dean gasps, doing his best to push his hips into Castiel's mouth despite the straps holding his body down. Castiel spanks his thigh, still sucking but the message clear enough.
“Please,” Dean whimpers once Cas pulls his fingers out. “Please, Sir, it feels so good. I want to- I have to come.”
Wiping his face, Dean gets off of the floor and makes his way into the closet to put on his uniform. Well. What Castiel makes him wear when Dean goes into work with him. They’re simple pants, with drawstrings and soft, soft material paired with a hoodie. That wasn’t part of the uniform, but Dean took off his shirt the second they got to the office, so Cas didn’t really care what he wore.
When Dean thinks about what’s happening between them right now, about how Cas so carefully controlled him and wrenched his soul open, leaving him so vulnerable and exposed, it’s terrifying.
ALSO! castiel says something this chapter in regards to safewords and taking them away from Dean. this is 1000% fiction and 1000% NOT OKAY in real life BDSM. however, we’re suspending our disbelief and in this verse, Doms aren’t required to provide their subs with safewords because of their inherent biology. However, all of the good Doms (like Cas) feel the need to provide one for their subs.
“So needy, puppy,” Alpha whispers, securing Dean down to the chair he’s set up in the living room. “Not to worry. Alpha will fill your little hole in just a second.”
The words sink into Dean, the soft encouragement settling the turmoil that was boiling in his stomach this entire week.
The unease in Dean’s stomach exponentially multiplies, and he stands up to throw the pie away, hoping that Alastair will leave. Go back to the office or something. Maybe if Dean calls Castiel to let him know one of his employees was slacking.
Sam Winchester had messed up, as teenagers do. Got into some messy business, messed around with the wrong people. One of Castiel’s youngest… employees, shall he say? Ruby, a girl who ended up betraying both Sam and Castiel and now Sam had some debts to pay off. With money the Winchesters - apparently - didn’t have.
Castiel rubs him thumb over Dean's slit, and he can feel himself leaking. He wishes he could go into it. Just let himself feel it, and have it feel as good as it's supposed to.
After they had grown closer and more comfortable with each other in the Dominant/submissive dynamic, Cas’s order and control extended into their daily life after countless conversations Dean didn’t want to have. He trusted Castiel. Always has, and he knows that he wouldn’t ever truly harm him. He couldn’t.
Dean’s desperate eyes fly down to his cage, and then back up to Cas. There’s an evil glint in his eye when Alpha meets Dean’s.
“You fucked up, and you’re gonna get him back,” Sam almost snarled. “What the fuck is wrong with you? Selling fucking human beings? To Michael?”
They just finished eating, and Dean knelt before Castiel on a pillow, ropes delicately wrapped around his arms all the way up to the elbow. Dean had fought them, but he hadn't safeworded and he relaxed afterwards, eating every piece of the chicken pot pie Castiel had made with relish.
They had countless conversations about proper Dominance, proper submission, and the goal of the dynamic as a whole.
More than anything, though, he hates how much he’s grown to want the man, and love and need him, and how hungry he is for his praise and soft touches. Sure, he’ll start out with enough resolve to talk back and snark him, but it never lasts. He hates how he always ends up exactly where Cas wants him. Crying. Begging. Pleading for more. Cas’s hand snaps back, pulling Dean’s head back as far as it’ll go.
"Mm, don't tempt me, Daddy," Dean says, kissing him again. It quickly devolves into a makeout session, Castiel dominating Dean's mouth. Dean almost laughs, whispering against Cas's lips.
“I turn the machine off,” Cas says. “I’ll leave the cage on and fuck you myself, but then you come with me to work for a week. Be my good boy. Maybe have some meetings with some of my friends."
Dean holds his breath in tension while willing his stupid dick to go down, damnit. But Cas is watching and Dean feels so exposed, and it only gets harder.
Dean has no idea if anything he's saying is coming through the gag, but Cas reaches around them and starts to stroke, his hand wet and so, so slow. Dean watches as he slowly, slowly speeds up as his poor cock gets increasingly harder, heat boiling in the pit of his stomach. Dean's eyes glaze over and his embarrassment grows as he can see himself growing more desperate by the second. His humiliation only makes the flush climb higher. Need is building in his stomach as every second passes, and Dean looks desperately to Cas, the gag still filling my mouth. His mumbled pleas for permission get lost, tangled in the silicone.
“No, sweetheart,” Cas says. “It’s to serve, yes. But any Dom worth a grain of salt would not want you to be unhappy doing so. Maybe you won’t like the punishments, maybe you won’t like some of the things I ask you to do. But your submission, as a whole, should fulfill you. It should make you content, and happy.”
That realization settles the last bit of turmoil in Dean's stomach, just confirming what he already knew. Cas was protection and safety and love and care.
Dean's eyes widen, but Cas walks around the desk, distracting Dean with the way his sleeves are all rolled up and showing off the Dom's arms.
Dean sobs, turning his head into his shoulder, but then he feels a hand on his chin and Daddy slaps him.
“You know,” Alastair says. “If you ask me, I always found your relationship with Castiel… interesting. You’re so beautiful, Dean, and take so much. Why would you bend over for some soft little flower like Castiel?”
"I'm not going to tie you up," Castiel says, pulling Dean's pants down. "You're going to hold still for your spanking like a good boy, aren't you? Ten for swearing at Daddy."
After pulling Dean’s pants the rest of the way off, Cas seats him in his lap facing outward, giving him easy access to his poor, throbbing cock.
“Please go through that list and mark down your hard limits,” he says as he walks toward the door of the office. “I’m taking you down tonight, Dean. No arguments.”
Determinedly, Dean picks up a pen and checks the box for sexual intimacy off before Castiel can say another word. Covering his hand before he can initial next to it, Castiel locks eyes with him.
“Fuck,” Dean swears, his hands instinctively reaching out to cover Cas's, trying to pull them off and get away from the pain. Cas tuts, his grip only tightening.
Almost a year later, and Dean was still with him. Not like he had much of a choice. Cas made sure of that. He’s managed to fool himself into fake reality, where what he’s doing with Dean is just sex and nothing more. He’s convinced himself that he isn’t at all emotionally attached to the man. Dean’s just like every other whore he’s called on to get his rocks off, throwing a couple thousand at him or her once they were done and never thinking about them ever again.
“Completely serious.” Cas cuts up a waffle while Dean adjusts, looking up at him in disbelief. Castiel’s men have watched as he beat a man bloody simply for disrespect. This wouldn’t be the most shocking thing they had seen this month. Week. Hell, probably day. Dean opens his mouth to protest more, but Cas pops a piece of waffle in there, effectively cutting him off. The sound Dean makes it almost as good as the one he makes in bed, and Castiel catches himself with the tiniest smile.
Reaching out again, he squeezes his balls and shoves two fingers into Dean's completely dry hole at the same time, and Dean has to bite his lip to cut off his scream.
Dean looks up to Alastair with confusion, a million questions coming to mind, but his legs are giving out.
And for a few minutes, he could pretend that there was more. That he could have more. He was pet, Cas's sweet boy. Cas was Master and Sir and Daddy. He wasn’t a slave.
When the last bell rings, Dean sighs in relief, shoving things haphazardly into his backpack. Once he picks up his notebook, he belatedly realizes that he had barely taken any notes all lesson, far too preoccupied with this stupid headache he can't shake.
Castiel pushes in, and Dean moans. Castiel almost dies at the sound. Dean is so tight, hot and wet, and so perfect for him, pushing back to meet him.
"Of course, baby," Castiel says, surprised. "I'm not here to take things away from you, or to control every aspect of your life. I'm here for you to submit to, but you're still you. Does that make sense?"
The thought of Dean thinking - and believing - that Castiel would ever be capable of selling his boy burns. It burns in his chest, and his stomach, like a spreading wildfire that he doesn’t know how to put out. Dean is mine. He’s mine.
"Of course I said no," Castiel says, looking disgusted at the thought, intense eyes burning into his skull. "And I tore Alastair apart, okay? He's never going to hurt you again."
Dean's a little disbelieving when they pull up to the front of it, looking at this giant house with a giant yard on all four sides. There's a pool that Dean can see, and a beautiful garden on the other side that a gardener is working on.
"I know it's only been a day, but I'd like to get started on your training right away," Castiel says, helping Dean off his knees. "I'd like for you to miss as little school as possible."
Dean stays quiet as Cas struggles for his words. It’s not like he has trouble thinking of them. Dean’s nerdy… boyfriend? lover? Partner? None of those words seem to be enough to encompass what he feels for his weird, dorky professor.
,” he says around the stupid gag, my eyes flying down to look at where his mouth is completely flush to Dean's body, hand cupping his balls. He pulls off, squeezing again. Dean almosts scream, trying to pull away but the ropes hold him fast.
Last night with Castiel had felt good It was the first real, solid good he had felt in a very long time. Dean was trying his best not to think too hard on it. He didn’t want to think about how easily he gave in to Castiel, because he tried. Honestly, Dean tried not to let him into his head.
"Really?" Cas says in surprise. "You'll have to show me, then, sweet boy. Maybe you can work for me."
Castiel expected Gabriel to get upset. Lecture him about priorities, about how he needed to let Dean go and do his job. But he just nodded.
“Or what?” Dean asks, his mouth running off before he can check himself, the usual snark slipping in.
Batting away at Cas’s hand as he squeezes his balls, Dean yelps. “Yes, Sir! Please, I’m sorry, I’m sorry.”
“Okay,” Dean says hastily, standing up and flashing a tight smile at the couple across from him. “Sorry.”
Michael likes Dean’s bruises even more than Alastair did, and that’s saying something. It isn’t sex. It isn’t even BDSM. It’s the kind of fake shit fake doms like to call BDSM as an excuse to abuse other people.
that seems to have permeated in his chest. He's been having a hard time falling asleep lately, the stress of... everything making it hard for his brain to settle and calm down enough for him to sleep. He was up until three last night trying his best to study, but he could barely focus on anything. So he gave up, decided to just succumb to the exhaustion.
It breaks Castiel's heart, in simple terms. He wants to wrap the boy up in blankets and hold him and protect him from whatever the hell is making him
“I’ll be good,” he says, desperately, trying so hard to speak clearly. “I’m so close, Daddy, please, I need-“
Granted, it’s been an insane week. A chemistry and a physics test, another one in math tomorrow and an essay due for English, all of which he isn't/wasn't ready for. Senior year is completely kicking his ass. Everyone says that Junior year is the worst year, but that’s complete and utter bullshit. The first semester of senior year and college applications and everything else makes for the worst school experience Dean’s had yet, and that's saying something.
It's an unusual feeling, but most definitely not an unwelcome one. Usually, no matter how long he sleeps for, he still doesn't feel quite rested enough. Stretching out on the bed, Dean luxuriates in the soft sheets. The bed is so soft. Memory foam, Dean thinks. Cas even untied his arms at some point this morning. He's so comfortable he can almost forget about the cage and the collar.
Reaching around his head, Castiel pushes the gag into Dean’s mouth, following him as he tries to pull away from it.
Dean sits in his bedroom, finger in the ring of his collar, confused, angry and sad. Confused because he didn’t understand why he needed Castiel so bad, angry that he did and that he didn’t know. Sad because Castiel pushed him away again, and basically sent Dean to time-out in his room.
Memories of last week and the last time Dean lipped off to Cas start to cloud Dean's head. He chokes on his own spit, but Cas isn’t done.
Dean shrugs, stumbling behind Castiel as he leads him into the playroom. Dean's already seen it, but Castiel feels him tense up as they enter.
“Open,” Cas says. Immediately, Dean opens his mouth and takes in Cas’s entire length, making sure not to swallow and keep his jaw wide enough so that his teeth don’t graze the sides. Cas pushes all the way in until he’s in Dean’s throat. Dean feels his heart slowing down, his thoughts calming down. When he’s warming Cas, he always slips and floats, no matter how much he’s fought it before.
He was relieved about that rule at first, because begging Cas to touch him was humiliating. While it’s hot, Dean was still embarrassed about that, although it’s less every day. But then Cas started touching him, opening him up slowly and waiting until he was desperate for it, and still didn’t allow him to beg.
“Good boy,” he says. “Now, let’s get that off. The sooner you’re done, the sooner you can have it back. Are you going to be good, sweet boy?”
Castiel leaves Dean on the bed and goes into the closet, taking his time to put his suit on and prepare for a very long day. Once he makes his way out into the bedroom, Dean is practically shaking on the bed. His desperate eyes fly back up to see him, but he still doesn’t say anything.
"Oh, what a needy little cock on a needy little boy," Castiel says mockingly. "You're just a slut for anything I'll give you, aren't you? Do you want to come?"
“Frustrated,” Cas says, a crack in his voice. “Desperate. Needy. Too bad. Your dirty mouth and tight little body got me so fucking hard, so I’m going to use it to take care of myself.”
Castiel hand shoots out, fingers wrapped in Dean’s collar and pulling him closer, Dean’s back pressed up against Cas’s front.
Eventually, he groans and gives in, setting up the monitor next to his laptop so he can see the boy at all times and finally manages to focus on answering emails and filling out progress reports and care plans, blah blah blah. All of the boring shit that makes him want to bash his head against the wall. Time seems to drag on even slower than usual, but Castiel eventually manages to get everything pressing done.
There was talking. So much talking. Cas outlined all of his limits, and Dean begrudgingly spat out his. Castiel required written out rules, firm contingencies and countless promises that this was really what Dean wanted. Once it was all set in stone, Cas finally took him down.
Dean’s having a hard time following anything that Alastair is saying, too confused and distracted by the throb in his head.
Dean can feel his heart racing, his breath speeding up, hands shaking so hard he can barely even read the papers.
Dean planned to only take a nap. A few hours, max. When he wakes up, he's relieved to see the sun hasn't even set yet.
“That he did,” Michael says, sitting down on the bed next to Dean. “He likely still does. But I had something he needed, and Castiel is very smart. He weighed the importance; what I had and you, and he finally realized that what I had is more important.”
“Come,” he says, pulling Dean out from underneath the desk. “You’re wearing my collar, boy. You take what I give you.”
?" Dean says, motioning to the mansion in front of him, eyes widening when he can see even more employees - servants? - working on the grounds.
Dean already recoils, because he hates when Cas whores him out to other people. Cas is mean, and uses Dean constantly, but some of his friends are cruel and whip him just to see him bleed, beat him just to hear it scream. He cries so prettily, Cas had said, the last time. I know you’ll love him.
"Your absence affected me more than I would care to admit," Castiel says begrudgingly. "How are you feeling?"
"Stop," Dean gasps, pulling as best he can at the restraints, unsure if the words are even discernible through the gag. "Stop, I can't- You can't do this, please,
"Two options, sub," Castiel says. "You be good, kneel for me and let me feed you. Or you can fight me, I'll spank you, and then feed you anyway. While your ass does look lovely all red and sore for me, I've already had to spank you twice and I don't think you want another one tonight. So, what'll it be?"
"Okay, you friggin' nerd," Dean says, pulling himself to sit up. "I have no idea what you even said."
Studiously ignoring the way his cock hardens at the thought of someone walking in on them, Dean sighs when Cas doesn’t respond, standing up to go lock the door. Cas pushes him back down almost immediately, both hands pinning his wrists to the desk.
“Fuck,” Dean mutters, opening his eyes and pulling on the chains to see how much give Cas has given him today, quickly realizing it was maybe a millimeter. And that’s generous. His shoulders already scream in pain from where they’re tightly bound behind his back, chains wrapped all the way down his arms. His torso was locked to Cas’s favorite breeding bench, and his legs chained down to the lower steps.
“Aren’t you going to thank me, toy?” Alastair asks smugly, his eyebrows raised, tone suggestive and hungry.
Dean hates ring gags. Reaching behind his head, Castiel gently unbuckles the gag, pulling it out of his boy’s mouth, wishing he had never given him to Alastair in the first place. Fuck distancing, fuck pretending.
“That’s the point, boy,” Cas says mildly from where he’s leaning on the wall, watching Dean finish getting ready.
He had wiped most of it clean, replaced it with other - better - memories. Ones of Daddy. His Daddy. Dean’s cheeks burn with embarrassment, because he honestly didn’t mean to let that come out, but Cas had indulged him, so he supposes the embarrassment was worth it. Maybe Cas will even start introducing that into their scenes, because Dean wasn’t the only one who found that hot.
“No,” Dean says, pulling on his binds and gasping, pushing back onto Castiel’s fingers. Spanking Dean once, Castiel starts to take his belt off, leaning down to whisper in Dean’s ear, hand teasing Dean’s exposed cock, fondling it gently.
He nods quickly, struggling behind the bonds, trying so hard to rub up into his hand. And right before, right before Dean gets there, Cas takes his hand away. His orgasm disappears, all the pleasure halted and his cock still so hard It hurt.
He regrets the words when Cas turns around, and the look on his face is enough to back Dean into the corner. Literally and figuratively. Cas’s hand trails down the front of Dean's dress slacks, kissing his neck as he works them open, slowly dragging the zipper down.
Cas trails off, reaching towards Dean’s pants again but pulling down his sweatpants this time. A slow, wicked smile lights up Cas’s beautiful face when he takes in his hard, pulsing cock, already beading precome.
“No,” Dean cries, looking to Cas with betrayal in his eyes. He smirks, Dean's body still involuntarily moving, searching for friction.
Dean couldn’t do anything. He just laid there, desperate and horny out of his mind, and couldn’t even ask to come. And if he doesn’t ask, Cas won’t give him permission.
Cas knows he’d be a fucking gold mine for all the forensic psychologists that have tried to break him the few times he’d been caught, before his people could get those charges written off. And looking at him now, and how successful he’s become, he’s proud to say that he worked for everything he has.
Why did that make Dean so incredibly empty? He should be thrilled. He should be happy at the fact that Cas isn’t using him right now, because Castiel is mean. He hurts Dean.
When he’s tied to the floor with a fucking chain connected to the cage Cas likes to makes him wear, or when he’s about to be hand fed his entire meal, or when he’s so out of his mind with need he’s humping the air.
He swallows his fear, nodding as he ducks into his seat. She goes back to teaching her lecture, but Dean can't focus, too nervous to hear what Ms. Milton is going to have to say. Dean only managed to make it in time for the last ten minutes of class, and it goes by way too quickly. Once everyone clears out of the classroom, Ms. Milton looks at Dean, and shame curls in his stomach.
“Yes,” Castiel said. Dean asked a few more questions, tried to get Castiel to talk about it, but he couldn’t. What a fucking coward. Castiel didn’t even know why he did it. Why he keeps pushing Dean away, even though he’s the only thing he’s ever wanted. Because he’s scared? Because he doesn’t want Dean to get hurt? Because he doesn’t want to be rejected?
One thing Dean has learned about Castiel is that he is 100% not a morning person. Never has been, never will be.
Cas pulls noises out of Dean, high and whining and desperate, and Dean can feel Cas. He’s so big and hard and filling him so perfectly. Dean wriggles and squirms, trying to push back and meet Cas. Dean can feel Cas pulsing inside of me, getting ready to come but then he pulls out and Dean almost scream when he feels his come hitting my back. Groaning, Dean spits out the gag, panting.
"I need you to try and calm down," he says seriously. "Your parents are already worried about you, and I know you don't want to worry them more."
“He’s a bit like Castiel,” Alastair muses. “Just, better. Smarter, more cunning. And absolutely ruthless. You think we’re mean? Michael would end you.”
Sighing, Dean starts to slowly rut, deciding he would just let himself touch for a few minutes and then stop before he comes. Then Cas wouldn’t know, and everything would be fine, and Dean would finally get some relief.
Shifting forward on his knees, Dean finds the zipper on Castiel’s fly with some difficulty, gently tugging it down with his teeth, wincing when it gets caught. Slightly panicked, Dean eyes the steadily growing bulge in his Master’s pants, unsure how to get it out without his hands.
Before he can panic, Castiel leaves him alone, staring down at this stupid packet of papers that's somehow supposed to sum up the entirety of his submission. Swallowing heavily, he picks it up and looks it over. There's a table of contents and everything, all laid out in extreme detail, no room for confusion. It's written by Dr. Castiel Novak himself, a therapist for distressed subs. Of course, Dean thinks. It's just his luck that he ends up with the professional Dom who probably won't quit until Dean is squished under him thumb, more of a slave than a sub and exactly what Dean promised himself he'd never become.
Cas hesitates for half a second before reaching down to Dean’s caged cock, running his fingers along it before he reached his balls.
Nerves make Dean’s stomach churn, and he has to reach out to the wall to keep himself steady, willing away the dizziness at the edge of his mind.
He hates his affect, and his inability to stop staring. He hates how the man thinks he’s so smart, and so infuriatingly cunning.
Dean looks up, hands hovering over his book, unsure if Cas is waiting for something, or if he’s going to talk, or if Dean is supposed to say something first.
It’s unfair, but Dean looks up at him with his best pleading eyes, the way he knows Cas has forgotten how to ignore. Cas sighs, his resolve weakening.
Sitting on the bed next to him, Castiel works on attaching the cock cage, and Dean slowly wakes up to the cinch and cold metal. Castiel locks it, putting the chain with the key around his neck.
When Dean jerks to awareness, the first thing he’s aware of is a dull pain in his hole, and then the pull of the chains wrapped around his wrists. Then it’s the frustration he feels at the muted pleasure from the fucking machine and the squeeze of his ever present cage on his cock. Well. Not his, anymore. The dreams fade away, and he’s thrown back into the reality of his new life. Under the thumb of one of the most feared lords of organized crime in the entirety of New York City.
Dean’s words are lost in his throat, distracted by his throbbing cock that only got worse when Castiel comes around.
Chewing on his lip, Dean reads the first section, entitled limits. Castiel listed too many kinks from A-Z, with checkboxes next to them rating his preferences. Some of this shit Dean hasn't even heard of.
But part of what Dean loves about Cas is how meticulous he is. It’s a comfort to know that he is so stuck on the details, and reassuring to be able to give his input. It was just frustrating because he didn’t want that. He just wanted it to be Cas.
He reaches over to the bed and shoves the gag back into Dean's mouth, without buckling it in. Cas pulls his fingers out and immediately replaces it with his cock, and it hurts. It hurts so good, and he’s hitting Dean's prostate almost perfectly, and it would be so good. The perfect mix of pain and pleasure and it would be so
“You usually are, sweet boy,” Cas says, half a smile ticking up his face. “After, though, you’ll have a meeting with one of my friends.”
The thought of Michael touching Dean, touching him where he didn’t want him to, sends Dean into a panic. He yanks away from Michael, moving as far away from his as he could in the tiny, tiny room that only seems to be shrinking by the second.
“The second one,” Dean says, almost too ashamed to say it out loud. He can’t even look Cas in the eye.
“Please,” Dean begs, looking up to his - the - Dom and begging with his entire being. Dean groans and whines and whimpers through the gag, but Castiel doesn’t respond, taking the sub’s cock back into his hands.
After Hannah, that was it. Cas decided. He had his work, he had this life in organized crime. Money. Power. And that had to be enough. And honestly, if Castiel thinks about it, for the longest time it was more than enough. He wasn’t necessarily happy and thrilled to wake up every morning, but he was content.
Castiel can’t stop himself from stroking Dean’s throbbing cock one more time before getting up and rummaging through the cabinets for an ice pack, cracking it as he turns around.
"You're going to ride me," Castiel says quietly. "And you don't slow down, and you don't come without permission."
Dean looks up at the man who had been his entire world for the past year, and was nearly overwhelmed by how much he wanted the man.
“Dean, seriously,” Charlie says, in the middle of a bite. “When I go more than a few weeks without going down, it feels like I’ve been kissed by a dementor.”
Castiel has never seen someone stubborn enough to resist a drop for two years. Submissives can’t help it; they need to be dominated, and Dean was included in that. But somehow, he’s still alive? Castiel wouldn’t believe it if Dean wasn’t right in front of him.
As soon as Dean sees it, his eyes widen, tired body suddenly gaining a little bit of fight back when he realizes what Cas is about to do to him.
you guys are so incredibly sweet and supportive. again, sending you love, light, happiness, and all of the good things.
The uncertainty in his voice breaks Castiel’s heart, and he pauses halfway towards the bathroom to kiss Dean gently.
“Fuck,” Dean gasps, lurching forward against the straps on his chest. “Stop, stop, please, I’m sorry.”
The noise in Dean's head has started to roar back to life, and he tries not to show how panicked he feels at those words. He doesn't want to live under someone else's thumb. Doesn't want to go down, or be that vulnerable for anyone. Ever.
“Nothing, sweet boy,” Castiel says quietly. “Daddy’s just got some stuff to deal with, okay? You’re dismissed. Have some free time. I’ll play with you later.”
That’s pretty much how it goes. Dean reads through the paperwork. Castiel explains things he doesn’t understand. Dean’s rewarded with soft kisses and sweet touches, and punished with harsh squeezes and painful spanks.
Alastair pushes the cage into Castiel’s hand. He wants to throw up at the words. Castiel shoots a glance toward Gabriel, who waves him off.
Pulling the waistband of his sweats down, Cas takes out his dick. Perfect, long and thick, smooth save for two throbbing veins and the pearl of precome at the tip. Almost mindlessly, Dean reaches out for it and gets a pop across his face. Stunned, he almost loses his balance, looking up at Cas with wide eyes.
“No, sub,” Castiel says with a gentle smile, even though Dean thinks it’s a little sad. “Subspace is much more drastic. You definitely went down, just not far enough. We’ll get there.”
Dean whines, nodding his head furiously, pushing his hips forward to rub against Cas’s thigh. The stupid cage cuts off any of the pleasure he could have gotten. But then Cas kisses him, and he almost forgets.
Alpha was more affected than he was letting on, if his own scent was anything to go by. The heady Alpha arousal did nothing but make it worse for Dean.
Tied as he is, Dean doesn’t have enough purchase to move and hump and feel the plug push against his prostate, and it’s beyond frustrating. Castiel’s hands come back slick with lube, and he gently teases his weeping cock and plays gently with the string of the beads with his other hand.
Too soon and after way too long, Dean feels himself about to tip over the ledge, fingers playing with his slit that’s practically drooling at this point.
“Okay, so maybe it’s more like twenty,” Dean admits, grumbling. Cas’s hands guide him to stick his ass out further, although all Dean wants is to pull the fuck away from the stupid belt.
“A bit of E-stim oughta give you enough incentive to behave, right, boy?” Alastair asks. “You get too close to that door, you’re gonna get shocked. Understand, whore?”
Hurrying down the stairs, he gets to the foyer and eyes fly down to where Cas has left a kneeling pillow for him, the unwritten instructions clear. Sighing, Dean moves to kneel down, nose in the corner. Several minutes pass, and Dean struggles to breathe evenly as the soft thud of Castiel’s footsteps echo throughout the hall. Master’s hand comes down to run through his hair, and Dean exhales slowly.
Pulling out some things form the pantry, Castiel decides to make some stew. As he cooks, he starts to mull over his care plan for Dean. There’s all of the standard, everything he’s required to teach Dean. Proper poses, introducing kinks and listening when your body is telling you it’s time to go down.
“Please, Sir,” he forces out. More words sit on the tip of his tongue, so many things he knows Cas wants to hear, but they won’t come out. The fucking machine is relentless, punching Dean’s prostate with every other thrust. He feels so naked and so exposed, completely laid out in front of this man who completely owns him. “Please.”
“He wouldn’t,” Dean muttered, more to himself, trying to maintain his faith in Cas. “D- He wouldn’t.”
"I'll teach you how to shoot," Castiel says quietly. "And other self defense, so Michael will never hurt you again. I can't believe he got away."
Castiel knew his ass was gonna get handed to him for leaving work so early, especially after Gabriel had updated him on their recent issue. The entire ride home, when he could drag his thoughts away from Dean, he wracked his brain for who could have been leaking.
“If that’s how you’re going to beg, you’re never going to get to come,” Cas says. “You can do better than that.”
"Rule number 2," Castiel says, looking at him sternly. "You will address me with formal honorifics at all times."
“Michael,” he says, the name all too familiar. Dean overheard enough to know who Michael is. “Your new master. Your former master’s rival, but he sold you to me in exchange for some… well. Amenities, but I won’t bore you with work talk.”
He doesn't have much of a chance to say anything else, though, because Cas is yanking him up to stand up, hand on his collar.
Irritation bubbles at the surface of his skin, and Dean shrugs, trying to play it down. "S'fine. Do you need help with the food?"
Breathing out a sigh of relief, Dean hesitates before dialing. The phone rings four painful times, and then there’s a hesitant answer.
“And why should I?” Cas asks. Dean sobs, wishing he had some place to hide from Cas, somewhere he wouldn’t be so completely exposed and vulnerable to the man who he’s never been able to hide from.
“Your priorities are fucked, Castiel,” he had snarled. “You claim Dean is just a whore? That means you’re more concerned about a fucking slut than your work. Your entire life, Castiel. What the fuck is wrong with you?”
Lubing up his fingers, Cas reaches forward and rubs into the pucker of Dean’s hole, pushing his middle finger in. It’s wonderfully tight and hot, and Dean gasps.
Castiel sucks him down again, and Dean gasps, a whimper sounding as he struggles to keep his hips on the table. It feels good, but almost too good.
But his boy was so panicked, and so terrified, and every instinct in Castiel screamed to fix it, and it all came pouring out. And now Gabriel, his second in command, has been trying to talk to him about schedules and weapons and lawyers, and Castiel can’t focus. All he’s thinking about is Dean, in the room next to them with Alastair, and how much he wishes it was him instead.
“Nobody fucks him, and if you use his mouth you do not come inside of him,” Castiel says, his tone meaning business. “You’re welcome to touch him wherever, and tease him. My puppy is beautiful when he’s desperate.”
When Castiel got home a few hours ago, he had been looking forward to spending time with Dean. He wasn't even in the mood for sex, just to see him, because having him around makes him feel lighter.
He didn’t need to say it twice. All of a sudden, There were hands everywhere on Dean’s body, some people pinching his nipples and others spanking him. Someone takes the dildo insert out of his mouth, leaving just the ring gag and there are fingers in his mouth.
“Hush,” Cas says, but it’s soothing rather than demanding. “Almost done, sweetheart. We’ll talk soon. No more fighting.”
Dean's eyes widen and he pulls him up, and Dean cringes, waiting for him to slap him or put him over his knee. His stupid cock hardens in anticipation. It's replaced by confusion when he pushes Dean down into his desk chair, which he’s pulled out to sit in front of the mirror.
The silence, although awkward, was completely offset when Dean remembers that Castiel bought this for him. Although Dean is slightly annoyed that the man didn’t give it to Dean himself, the fact that his master still took time out of his day to get Dean something he knew he loved?
Castiel looks at him, and Dean's confusion only grows when he sees a flicker of amusement through the Dom's eyes.
A knock sounds on the door, and Castiel looks up. Benny leans in, haggard and looking like he had gotten just as little sleep as Cas has.
Alastair peeks his head into the room, a cruel smile curling his lips that somehow doesn’t reach his eyes.
He had sent a few panicked texts to his team. Well, the most trusted of his people, which was only four of them. Gabriel, Charlie, their tech expert, and Benny, one of his best fighters. Gabriel had everyone meet him at work, and they had been talking in circles for an hour. Castiel can't focus. He didn't know what Michael was doing with Dean, where he was, or what he wanted.
Opening his eyes, the room comes into focus. It’s not his, or Cas’s. The bedroom is unfamiliar, the sheets scratchy and no windows. There isn’t even a dresser, just the bed. Dean’s sluggish brain tries to recall where he is, how he got here. Memories of Alastair and the stupid piece of pie come rushing back, overwhelming and painful.
Cas seems to consider it, hitting Dean's prostate with every thrust, making his boy whine and squirm.
When Dean thinks about what’s happening between them right now, about how Cas so carefully controlled him and wrenched his soul open, leaving him so vulnerable and exposed, it’s terrifying.
Cas’s hands pause underneath Dean’s. There’s a stretch of quiet, and all Dean can hear is his rapid heartbeat, staring up at his Master with pleading eyes. Let me be yours, he hopes they say. I’m still yours. Don’t send me away.
“Ten,” Castiel says. “Dean, what is going on?” Dean struggles, trying to figure out what to say. In all honesty, Castiel isn’t doing anything wrong. He never alluded to more with Dean, or there being a more.
Cas walks over to Dean's side of the bed, pulling Dean's book out of his hands and tossing it carelessly to the side.
He skips over to the next page, which outlined a few scene ideas, all of which would leave the sub vulnerable and exposed and under the Dom's thumb.
The vibrator eases off some, and Dean sucks in a breath as Cas comes closer, cradling the side of his face with his hand. Dean leans into it, looking up at him with his best pleading eyes.
Pulling him up by his bound wrists, Castiel puts him on his knees in front of him, a hand under his chin.
Dean breathes a sigh of relief, and pretends that scooting his chair closer to the Dom was an accident. A reflex, to see the papers better.
Castiel Novak was nothing if not smart. His manipulation skills came in handy, and getting Dean to need him just as much as Cas did was almost cruelly easy. Dean depended on him now. Castiel would even venture to say that Dean enjoyed his company, when he wasn’t beating him or hurting him, whoring him out. Castiel had to. It was how he maintained his distance, how he kept a barrier between him and his steadily growing feelings. And Castiel Novak did not do feelings. Not those.
“This is what you wanted, isn’t it?” Sir asks, his voice rough and eyes fixed on the beautiful boy beneath him. “Someone touching your little, needy cock? You needed it so bad you couldn’t wait for permission? Good boys get to come, Dean. Were you a good boy?”
"Having me in your life is doing nothing but hurting you, Dean," Castiel says, and he sounds more distraught than Dean has ever heard him.
Once Dean returns, Cas wipes him down and screws it back in, pushing Dean down to kneel and eat breakfast. Cas places a plate down in front of him, and he sighs again, bending over to do his best to eat.
Dean nods, and Cas steps away again, the rest of the night passing in a flurry of hands and tongues and frustrating, muted pleasure.
Mary shakes her head, turning the stove off. "It's almost done. Just gotta keep it warm til Dad and Sam come home."
“It’s nothing bad,” he reassures quickly when Dean tenses up. “I suppose I’m nervous. That you may be… offended. Or say no, or… I don’t suppose this is making any sense.”
And it’s now 7,” Cas says, tapping his phone screen to show Dean the time. “And you’ve been working for too long."
He designs cars now. His own line of electric cars, quickly becoming even more popular than the Tesla.
“You have no idea what I gave up today, Dean,” Castiel says, his voice breaking. “Could have given you up, but I didn't. What have you done to me, boy?”
“I want to do an extended scene with you,” Cas says abruptly. “Um. You asked about consensual nonconsent, and in that vein, the idea is that I get to do whatever I want with you. I will still - always - respect your safe words, but other than that. You get to brat, and I get you.”
“Good,” Cas says, unscrewing the sound and releasing Dean to stumble to the bathroom. “Back here straight after.”
There’s more yelling, and then a gunshot. Dragging Dean closer to the door, Michael shoves Alastair outside with a crude “Deal with it!” before locking the door and throwing Dean onto the bed.
Dean enters, but hangs around near the door. He pulls at the ropes still securing his arms behind his back, eyes darting back toward the door.
Dean’s file in itself was enough to draw heavy concern. A level 10 submissive should have been enrolled in intensive Sub Ed, should have hired a career dominant to take him down minimum once a week. Level 10s typically need 24/7, daily scening, but he should have hit true subspace at least once a week.
“Tomorrow, pet,” Cas says, standing up and leaving Dean reeling with anticipation yet again. “Come help me make dinner."
But Castiel wanted to give Dean more. Submission was a magical thing, and when it was done correctly most submissives love it. Crave it, even. Despite that, Dean needs it, and Castiel wants to help Dean love this side of him instead of hate it.
“Yeah, you look like shit,” Dean’s other friend Charlie, another sub, says. “When’s the last time you went down?”
Hurrying over to the restroom, Dean breathes out a sigh of relief when he sees it’s a vacant little one person, and nobody is using it right now. Not even five seconds later, the door opens and Cas comes in, pushing the door closed and turning to lock it.
With every passing second, more clarity and snatches of memory come back to Dean, and he recognizes Sammy's voice and looks back at his bedroom in Cas's house. Dean remembers everything. Michael getting away. Castiel coming to save him. A quick scan of his body reveals that the pain he was feeling was virtually gone.
The relief was palpable. There aren’t words to describe how wanted Dean felt in the moment. Special. Enough for Cas, to be Cas’s. For real. It was like a dream. Dean’s scared of waking up and being crushed all over again. Once they had gotten back home - to Cas’s house - his Master had put him in a bubble bath and wiped him off carefully, toweled him off and applied ointment to all of his marks. It was magic ointment or some shit, because Dean could barely feel what Alastair had done to him.
“That sounds like a you problem,” Cas says, turning towards the mirror to check her his appearance. “You’re mine. If I want you bound and helpless, that’s how you’ll be.”
“Nothing,” Dean insists, not wanting to get into it. “I’ll get ready. Are you… Will you be there? In the room?”
After feeding him a few more bites, Dean is much more relaxed, kneeling with less tension, chin resting on his master’s knee.
like i said at the beginning of this fic, there’s a lot in here that may read as dubcon. although dean does need it and is grateful for it, your mental health and safety must come first. please check tags and take care of yourselves.
"Your name is Dean Winchester," he says easily. "You're 18 years old and your initial aptitude test showed you have an incredible skill for engineering, and your STEM classes have been your best grade for all four years of high school. You presented as a submissive your sophomore year, and since then, your grades have been steadily declining. Your friends have reported a lack of sleep, a lack of appetite and a depressive state, all of which present as physical symptoms that I can see with my own eyes. You're an extremely gifted person, Dean, and it would be terrible to see that go to waste. But it will if you don't let me help you, because then you'll be dead."
also, i'm considering taking requests for other works due to lack of creativity on my part, but would anyone be interested in them?
Dean seethes in his seat, infuriated that this pompous asshole is being so incredibly controlling, but he doesn't have time to tell Castiel exactly what he's thinking because they're already pulling up to his house. Castiel parks the car and turns it off before turning to look at Dean.
A burn of humiliation curls through Dean’s stomach, as he looks down at his absolutely crushed cock and he groans, hands grasping the counter behind him.
But Dean was a bit of a brat, so he fights. He pushes buttons, intentionally breaks rules, and Cas pushes back every single time.
Awkwardly, Dean moves over to Cas on the bed, and his Daddy pulls his knees around so he's straddling him.
“Joy,” Dean says, cringing when he hears the sarcasm in his own voice. “And you don’t gotta be sorry about dropping me. I- uh, felt better afterwards, Sir.”
“Sir,” Alastair greets, in his horrible, nasally voice. “Just thought I’d let you know I’m done with the whore. Took his cage off, hope you don’t mind. Had to spank his naughty little cock. The best fuck I’ve ever had. He bruises so pretty.”
Dean stands up and follows her to the office, where she lets him into Principal Missouri Moseley's office, but doesn't follow him in there. He swallows awkwardly when he sees that there's another person in there, an older man with piercing blue eyes that are staring right through him.
It’s such a horrible thing. The most beautiful people in this life always go through this kind of shit.
“No underwear?” Cas asks, but Dean can’t answer. Cas pulls his cock out of his pants. “Naughty. This little cock of yours? I don't need it to use your holes. And that's what a good pet is for, isn't it? For its needy, aching holes?"
“Thank you,” Dean says belatedly, stepping around Alastair to get to the kitchen and get a fork. Alastair follows him, and Dean tries his best to move to the other side of the room, sitting down and eating the pie.
Opening his eyes, he pushes himself up enough to scan the room, and there's no sign of Castiel anywhere. The sheets are cold next to him.
Dean lays under the covers next to him, doing something on his phone. They’re both relaxing, about ready to sleep. There’s no tension in Dean’s body, and he’s even leaned a bit towards Cas.
When Dean realizes what he wants, reluctance builds up in his chest, humiliation spiking in my gut, but neither of them miss Dean's cock getting impossibly harder.
"I offered him money," Gabriel said. "So much money, Castiel. I offered him a place in our hierarchy once we took Michael down. A fucking jet. He didn't want any of it."
"God, Castiel, think with your head instead of your dick," Gabriel says. "Just get another whore. He's pretty, but he isn't worth this much shit."
Dean tries not to bristle at the words, knowing his friend means well. It’s a perfectly acceptable question, but he’s tired of people thinking every time he has a bad day it’s just because he isn’t fulfilling his ’submissive needs.’ Dean’s never needed anyone but himself and maybe Sammy, and he’s not going to rely on some asshole Dom to keep his head level or whatever shit they spout in his required Sub Ed class he never pays attention to anyway. He had tried it. Submitting, trying to match with a Dom.
"You know the rules,” Cas says. “You can’t leave the bed until I give you permission, and I won’t give you permission until you ask for it.”
“Until I feel like letting you out,” Cas says, completely deadpan. “I won’t lie, pet. That’s not going to be often. Because this..."
“Really?” The smirk in his voice is so mocking it makes Dean want to curl up in on himself, embarrassed at how much he wanted more with the man who basically kidnapped him.
Dean whines and moans, gasping and trying to pull away from the pinching fingers and slapping hands and push into the machine, so overstimulated and confused about what his body wants him to do.
He’s taken countless subs under his care before, working hard to ensure their safety and wellbeing and overall health were as perfect as they could be before transferring their contracts to someone else.
Dean’s tears turn hysterical, and he pulls at the cuffs around his wrists connected to chains keeping his locked to the headboard, searching desperately for something that he can use to pick the lock.
"Are you okay, sub?" she asks, a bit of her Dom edge slipping into the words. "You look like something's bothering you."
He almost cries when Cas pulls off, sitting back on his knees, his eyes roaming all over Dean. Staring straight into his goddamn soul, like the asshole he is.
“Don’t think I didn’t see that,” Cas says, voice rough and deep, right next to Dean's ear. “You better watch your attitude, boy.”
He’s been told he has a problem with staring, but he writes it off as part of his job. In order to be a good Dom, he has to see everything. That includes what Dean - what any sub - isn't able to tell him.
He’s still so incredibly sensitive from the ruined orgasm that when the ice touches him, his entire body flinches and more tears run down his face.
Whining, Dean fights the urge to push his hips up into his mouth and get more of that heat around his cock, but Cas looked up at him, his eyes hard with warning.
Michael comes tearing into the room, locking the door behind him, cold, uncontrolled anger exuding from every part of him.
“You don’t come without permission. You speak only when spoken to. You have a safeword, and you can always, always safeword. If this gets to be too much, please use it. I promise I won’t be disappointed.”
Dean is respectful, or else he doesn’t get to come. He has to be good, or he doesn’t get rewarded. Castiel can’t let him get away with bad behavior.
“You want to tell me what the attitude was about?” Cas asks, cutting up some more of his food. A flush runs up Dean’s cheeks. He knows exactly what Cas is talking about. There was a time Dean used to fight Cas, but those days are long gone, the fight trained out of him. For Dean to be as bratty as he was this morning, and how he’s been this past week, there was something up.
“You mind if I join you?” Master’s friend asks, sitting down across from Dean without waiting for a response. Thankfully, he doesn’t seem to be expecting much in terms of conversation, just taking out a granny smith apple and biting into it.
When Dean comes, he clenches so tight and so sweetly that Castiel can’t hold back, gasping as he comes inside of his boy, marking him. Owning him. They both catch their breath, Castiel reaching out to undo the restraints, pulling Dean into his lap, showering him with soft kisses and gentle praise.
"We're going to your house," Castiel says easily. "Your parents have both been informed of your admittance to the Program, but because you're 18, you're going to be staying with me at my house during your training period, during which I'll be helping you develop healthy habits in terms of your submission and retraining your brain to accept it."
Cas finally takes the gag out of his mouth, a long line of drool connected to it. Then he moves behind Dean, spanking him once just to hear Dean yelp.
Cas stirs next to him, pulling Dean in still half asleep, pressing soft kisses to his jaw and down his neck.
Dean doesn’t wear suits enough. Cas makes a note to remember to put him in one of those more often. He feels a surge of lust at the thought of Dean out there in public, with so many things reminding him that Dean is his.
Dean luxuriates in the feeling. The few moments after you wake up, suspended in between sleep and awake where everything is magical. He can ignore all of the life things, all of the stressful things.
“It’s so needy,” he says, and Dean isn’t sure how much longer he can hold out. “Dripping, and I’ve barely touched you. It’s so little, and cute, but so, so greedy.”
,” Dean says snidely, trying his best to turn around and look to where he knows Cas is watching. “I don’t know why you use so many chains when there are perfectly good cuffs they provide for you. On the bench.”
Despite his flailing, Castiel is strong. Cuffs wrap around his wrists, and then Cas forces him into a hogtie.
Things seemed pretty pointless. He sat there, glaring at nothing and the weight of the world on his shoulders.
“Please, sir,” Dean tries, hoping that Cas is feeling nice and maybe let him off the hook this time. Take the easier route. “Can I suck your cock?”
Shame curls in Dean’s stomach at the way he lights up at that. This man is pure evil. He’s killed people, some of them right in front of Dean, and yet he still wants him so bad he’d do anything for him. Bleed for him. Scream for him.
“Oh, sweet boy,” Cas breathes out so quietly Dean isn’t even 100% sure he was meant to hear it. “You’re so beautiful.”
“My shoulders are sore,” he mutters, shifting on the seat and looking anywhere but at Cas as he starts to pee, not able to hold it any longer.
“Yeah, of course,” Dean says, a little confused why Cas was being so serious about this conversation.
"You're excused from school for the next week, and if I decide you need more time, they're legally obligated to provide it," Castiel says, wiping the corner of Dean's mouth with a napkin. "During this time, I'll be training you in proper submission, part of which is how to recognize poor dominance. Yes, you must submit for your own health, but you also have to find someone who knows how to properly Dominate and will provide you with what you need, not just take advantage of you and call it BDSM. Understood?"
"You're so wet, baby," Castiel whispers. "You get this hard and needy from a spanking, I can't wait to see how pretty you beg when I play with this beautiful little hole of yours."
Dean doesn’t even know what happened, because he passed out halfway through. The sheets have been changed though, because the last ones had bloodstains and Michael’s come all over it.
“No, I don’t,” he complains, leaning forward to take it back into his mouth, but Cas slaps him. Whining, Dean pulls back, and Dean’s fairly certain Cas has to hold back a slight chuckle at his pout. He’s a cute pouter, thank you very much, and it usually gets him what he wants.
“Don’t look at me like that,” Cas says, not even looking up from whatever it is he’s doing with his bag. “I told you not to move. You break the rules, you get punished.” “
"Tell that to the 36 different people in your life who reported you to the Program, Dean," Castiel says, shooting him a glance. "And to your body, and how much calmer you were after just a spanking. And your hormonal levels, your grades, and your virtually non-existent social life. You would have been in the program sooner, but they didn't have a Dominant at a high enough level that would suit your needs. You are a level 10 submissive, Dean. The most submissive of subs, less than 1% of people in the world. You keep ignoring your needs, you're going to end up dead. Does that sound like 'just fine' to you?"
Bringing Dean back up after a hard scene was one of Cas’s favorite things to do. It’s the most affectionate Dean ever is, so receptive to the constant, soft touches and kind words that Castiel loves to give him.
“I don’t understand,” Dean says quietly. “How can it be something I love and hate at the same time, Sir?”
When Dean wakes up, the first thing that pops into his head is the realization that he’s absolutely fucked. Literally, and figuratively, because Dean would give Cas everything. Giving himself up makes him feel irrationally good. It doesn’t make a lot of sense, and he doesn’t spend too much time analyzing the why anymore. It feels good, and Cas loves him, and everything is fine.
"Oh.” Dean couldn’t forget him. Alastair was the cruelest of cruel, the true definition of a sadist. "Yes, Master.”
When Castiel came in, all Dean could hear were Alastair’s words, and as much as Dean had resolved to not be needy and not give Cas more ammunition to use against him, he couldn’t deal with Castiel ignoring him and disposing of him. He couldn’t be just another whore to Castiel. Like he was an object. A toy.
“Relax, sub,” Castiel says gently. “it’s just me. I'm not here to judge you. It’s okay if you don’t trust me yet, but I’m hoping that I’ll gain that eventually.”
He doesn’t really get it. How, or why people can be that hateful. Sam and Eileen hate him as much as Dean and Cas do, but they all put up with it because Eileen’s sister is the sweetest, best person ever. It also doesn’t hurt that she makes a killer pie.
Then Cas pulls away, all the firm hands and teasing touches disappearing. Dean cries out, pushing his hips out to get some stimulation back.
Dean starts to protest again, but Cas has made his way around the desk and pulls Dean up by the tie, kissing him deeply. Dean lets out a groan, hands coming up to Cas’s face but Cas takes them and holds them behind his back. He shoves some stuff on Dean’s desk aside, and then sits his down on it.
"I swear, if you try to pull a chick flick moment on me, I will kick your ass," Dean warns. "Healing or not."
He begs behind the gag, words barely discernible, shaking his head rapidly back and forth and pulling at all of his bonds.
Castiel took him down as far as Dean would let him, but he still didn’t hit subspace. It was temporary. Enough to settle Dean some and to keep Castiel’s instincts in check.
Something about Dean is so incredibly guarded. He has these walls up, won’t fully let himself go. How could a level ten submissive - ten - deny himself subspace for two years?
Dean whines, trying to push back onto Cas as far as he can, chasing his orgasm as best he can. Then Daddy is coming inside of him, and it tips Dean right over the edge.
The sharp pain makes Dean cry out, and Castiel’s icy blue eyes lock directly onto his. All of Dean’s words get caught in his throat, unable to respond to Cas’s display of power.
Castiel sighs. He doesn’t really have friends, but Gabriel is the closest he could consider to one. The person he trusts the most, definitely.
"Dean, I'd like for you to meet Dr. Castiel Novak," she says, gesturing to the man on Dean's right. "He a Dom for The Program."
“No,” Dean snarls, turning to look at him the best he can. “You said how I wanted it. I want it like this.”
Screaming, Dean watches in horror as his orgasm is ruined, leaving him in pain and out of his mind with need.
God, Dean wanted to come. It had been a while since they’ve done anything, and even longer since he’s been allowed to come. Cas is usually generous with orgasms. He likes to deny Dean, but never for longer than a few days.
Dean comes so hard he almost blacks out, so lost and vulnerable he would have been scared if it was anyone else. Doms are scary. Subspace is
"Good boy," Castiel whispers, taking him off the bench as Dean falls asleep. "I got you, it's okay."
Cas reaches around again, one hand clamping over Dean’s mouth and pleasure runs through Dean for five measly seconds until Cas gets to his balls and squeezes.
He jumps, following the voice down into where Cas is in the kitchen, jacket off, tie loosened, sleeves rolled up to his elbows and Dean can’t breathe.
“But not sex,” Dean tries instead. “If we don’t have time, I don’t want that. Just- Other things. Something. Please, Daddy.”
“Cas,” Dean blurts out, before he can lose his nerve. “We should- Can we acknowledge it? Y'know. Labels.”
“I’m not sure there is a label for the guy who fucks you regularly, but that you’re in love with and is obviously in love with you, but neither of you are able to acknowledge that.”
Castiel keeps pinching himself, trying to open his eyes wider. Figure out something that can bring him back to awareness, because he refuses to accept this as a reality. It can't be happening.
“Um,” Dean stumbles over his words, too busy trying to figure out how to escape the room. “I’m sorry, Sir, but if Master didn’t tell me, then I’m not allowed to.”
“Let's get started right away. Undress,” Castiel says, his voice clear and firm. Dean takes his shirt off, then the sleep pants. Using his collar, Castiel guides Dean to kneel on a pillow next to his desk. He takes a seat next to Dean, and Dean leans into his hand, sighing when Castiel runs his hand through his hair.
"You'll learn the rules a little more in depth as we go on, and you get to know me and I'll get to know you. However, the basics." Offering Dean some water, he tips the cup back into his mouth. "You will listen to me and respect me, and I will do the same for you. No lies. You eat three meals a day, drink plenty of water, and homework comes first. Furthermore, that cage stays on. Your pleasure belongs to me while you're here, and you will submit that to me. There are plenty of little things like that which will help you further your submission. The smaller rules and regulations will help to ease some of the tension in that beautiful face of yours. Do you have any questions?"
“Would you care to explain yourself?” Castiel repeats, and his other hand reaches down to Dean’s cock. Dean gasps at the contact, but Cas just holds him there.
Dean shifts, trying to get away from the merciless machine thrusting into him, probably at least 10 inches because Cas likes it when he’s hurting. Hiding his head what little he can, he tries to keep his breathing even. Not wanting to give in and give Cas what he wants - Dean hot and crying, in pain and wanting- he scrambles for words to get Cas to turn the stupid thing off.
“None of your friggin business, that’s when,” he says, lifting his head indignantly. “And you’re wrong. I’m adorable.”
and here we are; a bit of a smut break before we get back to the plot! this was honestly meant to be just some deancas smut, but then it evolved into a story, so i'm sorry if it's a little scattered. i didn't have anything concrete in mind until i was writing it.
“Why do you think?” Gabriel says. “To knock the kids out before he ships them off to whichever sadistic bastard bought them.”
Sighing, his head in his hands, Dean pulls his laptop closer in order to finish the rest of his work. It takes barely fifteen minutes, tapping along at the keyboard and so tired toward the end of it that he almost forgets.
“Yeah,” Dean says, trying to keep his eyes averted. Cas doesn’t like that. Clearing his throat, he looks at Dean with his brow raised. They have rules. Dean knows what's expected of him.
Dean used to get up early out of force of habit. There was always something to do, for Sammy or for John, and there weren’t enough hours in the day to do any of it.  7:00 and Dean was up.
“You were so good,” Castiel whispers. “Oh, sweet boy, you’re always so good for me. However you want it, I promise."
Dean is crying, heavy sobs making his chest heave as Castiel pulls his hands away, stopping Dean’s orgasm for the fourth- fifth? time.
Spreading his legs further with the stirrups, Dean watches with wide eyes as Castiel opens his mouth and licks Dean’s cock, pulling away immediately after. Dean can’t stop his hips from pushing up into the mouth, trying to get more contact with the tongue, whining loudly when it disappears.
“I was about to eat,” he protests weakly. “I was stuck in a meeting, but I was about to eat, I swear.”
Dean yelps when Castiel spanks him, his head imploding. Pain blossoms throughout his entire ass, and he gasps when Castiel doesn't stop.
Pushing himself up, Dean looks around for Cas, wondering waht time it was and where Cas is. he doesn’t usually let him sleep in very late; something or other about keeping a healthy sleep cycle and hormones, blah blah blah.
“Yeah, because you’ve never found someone before who you actually like, dickhead,” Gabriel says. “Can we focus on work, please? We have a leak.”
“You’re dismissed,” Castiel says. “We leave for the office in half an hour." The hurt in Dean’s eyes is painful, but Castiel ignores it, going back to eating his breakfast.
Dean’s eyes widen, and his legs shift to close but then Cas’s hands are on his balls and Dean yelps, opening up again, but Cas doesn’t let go.
"You know I wouldn't do that, Cassie," Gabe says begrudgingly. "I like Dean, and it's your choice what to do with him. I just don't know if he's worth all this."
“Watch yourself,” Alpha says, his voice even and cold, even as heat curled in his stomach at the sight of his beautiful boy.
again, so sorry for the disorganization. if i write another longer story, i'll put more time and thought into plot, etc. hope you're enjoying anyway :)
As Dean is unloading the dryer, the front door opens. Looking over his shoulder nervously, Dean slinks out into the hallway.
Dean’s mouth has gone completely dry, and he’s fairly certain that he may be gaping. Castiel stands up, moving around the table towards Dean and then behind him.
“Before we get started, I wanted to ask how you were feeling about this,” he says seriously. “Do you still want this?”
Clenching his jaw, Dean steels himself, refusing to answer. He struggles to his feet, a difficult task with his arms tied, and Cas reaches out to steady him, pulling at the soft ropes and untying Dean, letting him stretch his sore shoulders.
He’s nothing special, is Alastair’s point. When Michael had approached him about working as a double agent, to help Michael take Castiel down, he hadn’t needed to think twice.
“Yeah, well, I’m sure whatever you’re selling me for isn’t worth it, Cas. I’m still a fucking human, if you haven’t forgotten."
“I can’t spend all of my time with you, whore,” he says, switching to the cold tone he uses in business. Not for his sweet boy. “I own you. My name is on your collar. Which means you get whatever I give you, and you don’t get to complain about it.”
A few minutes later, there's a soft knock on the door and Cas sticks his head in, all haggard and giant bags under his eyes. His hair is all messed up, tie loose and buttons undone, and Dean just wants to kiss him.
“Master,” Dean whimpers. “Please, can I come? Master, please, it hurts, I want to come, I was good, I swear, please-“
“Why?” Michael is the closest thing Castiel has to an archenemy. In other words, a rival. The head of one of the biggest mob gangs in the city, second only to Castiel. But they deal with things like human trafficking, whereas Castiel deals with illegal firearms and drugs. He might be a ‘bad guy,’ but as fucked as it is, he still has a moral compass. He doesn't hurt innocent people.
“Or,” Dean says, pulling once again. “I can just get loose and go to the bathroom by my own damn self, thank you very much.”
As he takes Castiel getting down onto one knee, some instinct in Dean screams for him to run. Punch him in the face and get away, out of this house and away from any person trying to control him. Anyone trying to dominate him.
“Oh,” Dean says, wracking his brain to try and figure out if he was supposed to have any appointments today. Castiel rarely ever sends people to their - his - house. “Uh, how did you get in here? What are you doing?"
"Don't mock me, boy," he says, teasing right back. "I have, um, your things are all back in your room. I can have someone pack them up for you, and Sam has said you can stay with him-"
He sees everything. The way Dean's jaw clenches, every muscle in his body tightens. Fear bleeds into his eyes along with the slightest edge of panic.
Shame curls in Dean’s gut, his cock fighting the stupid cage. He wants to be good, be useful for Cas. Cas shifts around, and takes out his cock. It’s a pretty perfect cock, in Dean’s opinion. Long but not too thick, a nice curve and smooth all the way, with a few throbbing veins interrupting it.
"It's a bit much, isn't it?" Castiel muses as he pulls Dean's suitcase out of the trunk. "No matter. It serves its purpose."
Cas straps him, over and over again, with Dean’s own belt. A fucking nerdy professor isn’t supposed to be this strong, but after a while, Dean can’t help crying out with every stroke. Cas is relentless, though.
Last night’s conversation comes rushing back. Sir had asked about his past, and Dean had almost told him.
“Fuck your fucking rules. I’m busy,” he snaps, the words out of his mouth before he can even regret them.
He knows he doesn’t have to. He has his nonverbal safe words, he can pull out of this and Cas would never fault him for that. He isn’t like that. Outside of their playtime, Cas is hopelessly affectionate and so in love with him that Dean doesn’t even know how to deal with it.
You’ll stay with me,” Cas says. “In my home, as my own personal… assistant. And as long as you’re good for me, and as long as you listen, I won’t touch a hair on your brother’s head.”
The room was so incredibly bare of furniture and any other personalized objects that it was virtually impossible for him to conceal it. Dean eventually settled for shoving it into one of the pillows, in the middle of the stuffing.
Castiel frowns, but they had pulled up to the office, so Castiel sighs and opens the door. Dean waits, sulking a little as Castiel comes around the side to open his door for him.
The words do nothing but piss Dean off further, and he struggles more, even as Cas pulls him into a large playroom. It's like something out of a movie. Huge, way larger than a typical bedroom, the walls lined with so many different things it shocks him enough to where he stops fighting for a few seconds, long enough for Castiel to strap him down to a bench, the restraints tight enough where he can't fight.
was having a bit of writer's block with this one, sorry. hope you enjoyed, chelle_chello :) thank you for all of your comments and support! <3
His first instinct is to start begging. It's automatic, almost, the way he responds to this man. But Cas has been busy all week and frankly, Dean was feeling rather dejected.
“I didn’t,” Castiel says. “Sam, I would never. Your brother- he means more to me than anyone else ever has, but I was too much of a coward to believe it. Everyone knew it. He had to know it.”
He moves out of Dean’s line of sight, and he turns as best as he can in the restraints to watch Cas as he walks toward the closet, distracted by the way his cock throbs in the cage.
"Look at you," Cas says quietly, pushing harder in Dean, making him cry out. "Crying, moaning, but still so fucking hard. Dirty, greedy little boy. Willing to do anything for Daddy, even take me dry, wouldn't you?"
Cas positions Dean sitting up against the headboard, legs spread wide open, with instructions not to move.
Cas sighs. If that’s how the sub is going to beg, with no respect and all demanding, then he loses the privilege of trying. Consequences and rewards. It’s how he operates. Clear rules and expectations.
Dragging himself out of bed, Dean uses the bathroom and brushes his teeth. He almost falls down the stairs as he makes his way back into the kitchen, but it's empty. Frowning, Dean turns away, peeking his head into every room until he sees Castiel.
After Cas makes sure all the guests have left, he comes back to his omega, still secured to the display chair in the living room. His pup is exhausted, nearly going crazy with need, so Cas unties him and cradles him, gently carrying him up the stairs towards the bathroom.
“I think you’re long overdue, sweetheart,” Cas says, and Dean feels a tie wrap around his wrists. “Try again.”
A hand slips in between the covers and down the front of Dean’s underwear. When Cas makes his way down to Dean’s cock, he starts to thumb the slit gently, and Dean gasps.
The words are enough to bring some semblance of clarity to Dean’s mind, all the panic halting, pure dread replacing it.
"I figured you wouldn't want to stay with me after what happened with Michael," he says. "And, frankly, Dean, you should be angry about that. He- That assbutt
Castiel gently leans Dean down onto a chair similar to a doctor's after unbinding his arms, restrapping them down into cuffs on the side of the table. He hooks Dean's feet up into stirrups, pushing them apart and spreading Dean's legs.
“Stop being a brat, then. We aren’t changing the rules to say you only need four hours of sleep, sub. That’s ridiculous.”
“No way in fucking hell am I doing that,” Dean protests, pulling at the chains again. “Let me the fuck up, man, don’t-“ he cuts himself off when a moan threatens to escape, tilting his head down into the bench.
“What did I just say?” Cas says quietly, right into his ear, letting a harsh note slip into my tone. “What did I say?”
“Where are you going to run, Dean?” Michael asks, his grin predatory. Michael is blocking Dean’s path to the door.
Cas whips him again, and Dean can’t stop the tears from running down his face, his cock throbbing. God, he wants to come, he wants to come so bad. Once Dean has finally gotten through all ten, and an extra, because Cas is Cas, Dean's being dragged over to the bed by his collar.
Dean lets Cas get him ready, not that he has much choice in the matter. He washes him gently, cleans his plugs and thoroughly enjoys frustrating Dean in the process. By the end of it, Dean is panting and whining through the gag, his beautiful, aroused scent filling the room. His tiny cock is throbbing in its cage, fighting to get out. Slick is running down his legs, and Castiel is taking his sweet time licking it all up.
“I was beginning to wonder if those drugs Castiel gave me had a bad effect on you,” he muses, walking closer to Dean. “It was simply supposed to knock you out for long enough to get you over here. I’ll show you Queens, Dean. Much better than Manhattan. Because I run it, not Castiel.”
"Quite honestly, Alastair and Michael had their hands all over you and it's driving me insane," Castiel says, pulling Dean onto his lap, kissing him again. "But we shouldn't, not until you're healed. We have to talk about it first."
Reluctantly, Dean thrusts forward, and it feels so good that he loses all restraint, humping Cas's leg like a fucking dog, and he's fairly certain he hasn't been this aroused in a long time.
As soon as the words leave his mouth, he regrets them. Fear sparks through him, and he pulls harder at the chains, trying to turn round and see Cas and whatever evil he’s planning. Cas’s hand threads through Dean’s hair and his heart leaps into his throat. There are a lot of things Dean hates about being Cas’s personal sex slave, and the way his life has been ever since he sold his soul in order to ensure his little brother got to keep his. He hates living in the gigantic mansion, he hates the bruises and the humiliation and the pain. He hates the constant chains and ropes and games the man loves to play, and how he always ends up hot and begging for it.
If Dean ended up dying, then Cas could let him go, easy. No biggie. No big deal. It wasn’t like the thought of losing his most precious toy, the only person he’s ever truly cared about, terrifies him.
When he steps away, Dean tries desperately to look over his shoulder for him, fear bubbling in his chest at the thought of being alone. Whining, he pulls again, but Cas is back in seconds.
“I don’t know,” Gabriel says. “We’ve been trying to figure that out. It has to be someone with high enough clearance to know the dates and layout of each run-“
But Dean had carved out a place in his heart, a special niche in his life. It didn't have anything to do with the sex. It was just Dean, and Castiel wasn't ready to let him go.
Castiel squats down in front of Dean, letting Dean feel his steady presence and locks eye contact with him, easing a dildo gag into his mouth. Dean bites into the silicone, looking desperately up at Cas, who reaches out and strokes Dean's cheek. Dean doesn't even realize he's leaning into his hand until Castiel's thumb is wiping away his tears.
"It's okay, Dean," Castiel says, hand speeding up again. "You have permission, sweetheart. You may come."
“You didn’t do anything wrong,” Cas says. “I promise. And you’ll get your collar back as soon as you’re done with Alastair, I’m just taking it off during your time with him.”
He's aware of the fact that his grades have gone to shit, but he honestly can't do anything about it. He tries to study and it just doesn't work. He can't focus on anything, and when he does he hardly remembers what he read.
Dean’s never liked parties all that much. There was always too much to focus on, too many things happening at once. Five different conversations happening at the same time, with at least two of them he was expected to make a response to.
He loves their play. He’s an Alpha, and he loves the careful control the omega allows him, and he would never want to change the way their dynamic works, but he wishes Dean knew that he would never disappoint Castiel. He couldn’t,
After presenting as a level 10 dominant at 14, he immediately decided to enroll himself in more intense Dom Ed classes, because the American education system is a joke. His trainer, Meg, took a liking to him and eventually decided to hire him for the Program, and that’s where Castiel has been ever since.
But then Castiel thinks about a real relationship, and what that would imply. What feelings for this beautiful boy would mean. And his blood runs cold.
“You okay, Master?" Castiel had turned to see Dean there, lying on the bed. His beautiful boy, so beautifully spread out for him.
That took patience as well. Castiel would sit in on their first meeting, and if the sub agreed to an introductory trial scene, Castiel was there the entire time.
i also (evidently) don't know anything about organized crime or the mafia, so please suspend your disbelief while reading this. :)
Cas shoves Dean's boxers into his waiting mouth, and then pulls him over to the small couch in his office. Cas situates him where Dean's cock is pressed up against his calf. When Dean realizes what Cas wants him to do, he lets out a whine.
Castiel couldn't ignore the truth in Gabriel's words. If he needed to let Dean go, he promised himself he would. He would push him away if he had to.
Cas doesn’t let up. Dean’s been bratting all week, snapping at Cas or ‘forgetting’ to pick his dirty clothes up off the floor.
Dean looks up, down, everywhere but at Cas, high, begging noises in the back of his throat as he struggles. Shifting both wrists into one hand, Cas pulls back, slapping Dean across the face. Dean groans as he feels a drop of precome sliding down the tip of his neglected cock, begging for Cas to touch it.
Although Castiel is pleased that Dean is - at the very least - using the proper honorific and dropping his guard enough to go down voluntarily, there are still rules.
Dean stops short, and Castiel thinks he might be able to see the edges of panic appearing on Dean's face. In his eyes, the way his shoulders tense up and he starts to shake just a little bit.
“Castiel, even if he isn’t a whore, this is why none of us have relationships,” Gabriel said. “This is the reason. You try to get involved with him, you get distracted and he gets hurt.”
Checking the time, Dean tries to figure out how many hours he can dedicate to studying tonight, because he isn't ready for his test tomorrow. He almost decides to just give up on it altogether, because it's not like his grades are going to get any better whether or not he studies.
“Castiel’s a little busy today, but he bought this for you and asked me to bring it here,” Alastair says, his lips curling up into a creepy smile, holding out a pastry box from Dena’s. Dean perks up at the thought of the apple pie Master knows he really likes, but typically only gets on special occasions. “Wanted you to eat it while it was still warm."
Cas takes a second to step back and just watch his puppy squirm, desperate omega arousal filling up the room. Castiel takes a few deep breaths, enjoying it as the doorbell rings.
His scream is muffled, and his cock wilts almost immediately. If Dean wasn’t so horny, he’d probably laugh. When Cas takes his hand off, and starts to pull Dean’s boxers back up, Dean begs because he knows Cas well enough to know what comes next.
sorry this took so long (and that it's so short!) i had a busy couple of days. just a heads up, this chapter has a note on noncon in it. there's nothing graphic and nothing explicitly stated, but it's pretty clear that's where it's headed.
"The requirements of a sub to attend to program require a minimum of 10 people to report you for unhealthy behaviors and an inability to care for yourself."
“No,” Cas says. “This excites you, doesn’t it? The thought that someone might walk in and see you like this? See what a whore you are for me?”
“Novak’s medic kept you under for a day while he treated your whip marks,” Sammy says. "Seriously, Dean, Novak is an ass but their medical technology is
And something, somewhere inside of Dean finally breaks down and crumbles, and he pushes towards Cas, wanting to give him everything.
“You get this needy from getting spanked, boy?” Cas whispers in his ear, his hands unbuttoning his shirt. “Hm. Too bad you haven’t been good.”
“I don’t, really,” he says uncomfortably. “I just haven’t felt horny enough to do anything about it recently.”
"Please, Sir," he begs through the gag, brain scrambling to remember everything Castiel told him, follow every rule he's been given so far. "Please, I'll be good, I'm sorry I was bad, I wanna come,
“What, Sir,” Dean asks, trying not to let his voice trail off into a whine. “You aren’t man enough to fuck me yourself?"
It's only 4:30, but Cas figures it's fine considering neither of them have eaten anything all day. Untying Dean from the headboard, he decides not to remove the ropes tying his hands together and walks him down the stairs, hand on his back to steady him.
Cas likes working with subs. He likes watching their transformation, seeing them slowly get healthier, and then finding them a match in the system and knowing he played a hands-on part in healing.
Dean shoots him a glare, a very clear ‘or what?’ Castiel was almost amused. Here Dean was, spread open wide, a flush running all the way up his body and almost out of his mind with need.
Stopping at the playroom, he takes out a few things for Dean and then goes up to the Master, something tight in his chest finally giving out and Castiel smiles seeing his boy.
He nods, so Castiel reaches out into the drawer and pulls it out, buckling it onto Dean’s neck. Dean sighs contentedly, nuzzling into Castiel, mindless of the bruises all over his body.
“Which one?” Cas asks, moving his fingers to rub slowly against his prostate, sending sparks through him and it feels so good, and he wants more, more of Cas. But then he pulls his fingers out and spanks him, and Dean jumps, his need-addled brain scrambling to come up with a response.
Dean swallows, but obediently comes toward Cas, looking at his outstretched hand like it might hurt him.
He won’t get out of bed until at least 9:00, and will sometimes be able to coax Dean back into bed for some… Dean refuses to call it cuddling, but that’s what it is.
A broken whimper fills the little room when Cas grabs at his caged cock, fingers twisting the little sound to match.
“Hands behind your back.” Crossing his wrists almost mindlessly, Cas guides himself into Dean's mouth, pushing until he hits the back of his throat and just keeps going. His lack of gag reflex is one of Cas's favorite things to thoroughly exploit, cutting off his boy's air with pleasure.
He loves their play. He’s an Alpha, and he loves the careful control the omega allows him, and he would never want to change the way their dynamic works, but he wishes Dean knew that he would never disappoint Castiel. He couldn’t,
"Just-" Dean waves his hand around. "Okay, if you don't let him in here, I'm gonna get out of bed and go find him myself."
Dean huffs, desperation practically rolling off of him in waves. Castiel sighs, then reaches out to squeeze the sub’s balls.
Some days, Dean still doesn’t know how this happened. Dr. Castiel Novak is an extraordinary linguist, a master at English and fluent in four other languages. He was practically headhunted for jobs - who even knew that people got hunted in the linguistics business? - but he declined, choosing to teach English literature, Russian, and Spanish at Boston University. Not to mention, he’s beautiful; perfect, lean muscles and eyes so blue Dean could see revelations through them.
"Whatever," Dean says. "I may not have wanted it before, but Cas, I'm not stupid. I want you. And not, like, just in a sex way. I also don't want any of that vanilla crap, you're way too good at BDSM and shit. You've ruined regular sex for me forever. We both want this. Why aren't you letting yourself?"
"And while you're still mine, and I'm yours," Cas says, his voice wavering. "I don't own you. You aren't a possession, you're my boyfriend. And eventually husband, if I have any say in it."
anyway, sorry for my tangent. sending all of you love and light and all of the happy things! you deserve them.
“Fuck,” Dean gasps, lurching forward against the straps on his chest. “Stop, stop, please, I’m sorry.”
And, just to rub salt in the wound, Dean thinks Castiel sold him. Even if Castiel manages to get him back, it won’t be the same. His boy won’t trust him anymore.
Dean’s voice trails off when Alastair starts to move closer to him, stalking through the living room and getting way too close in Dean’s personal space. He could see the whites of his eyes and his yellowing, rotten teeth, and Dean wanted to throw up.
Cas pulls off with a pop. “Look at it,” Cas says. “So tiny, you. What is it, two inches? If I’m being generous?”
A loud crash sounds outside the door, and Dean jumps up, almost missing it in his haste to turn around.
“Baby,” Castiel says in warning, hand on Dean’s balls. A flush crawls up Dean’s body, up his neck and coloring his cheeks and
Dean sighs happily, turning in for more, as Cas’s hands explore his body. He’s already mapped every inch of it, with mouth and hands, and Dean basks in the feeling of utter reassurance and ownership.
When Dean looks up, Cas is walking back toward the door of the bathroom and Dean’s heart rate spikes when he realizes that Cas is just gonna leave him in here.
Cas snatches Dean's wrists before they even touch him, warning flashing in his eyes, cold and calculating.
Dean cringes, reality crashing down and him and dragging him out of the warmth of subspace, forgetting to hide his distaste and Cas looks down at him, his eyebrow raised.
All too soon, Cas pulls away, leaving Dean whining for something - anything. It’s humiliating how quickly Cas can work Dean up, but he couldn’t help himself.
“Sub, you’ve been reported 36 times in the past year,” he says, his voice hard. “Close family, friends, even your teachers. Please don’t insult me by trying to write it off as a bad week. We both know it’s more than that. It’s time for you to admit that you need more.”
“And an extra ten for trying to lie to me, boy,” Cas growls. “Count.” Master never pulls his punches. By ten, Dean’s ass is throbbing. At twenty, he can’t contain his sounds, yelping every time Cas whips him, tears streaming down his face.
Standing up, Dean opens the door of the office, down the stairs and into the kitchen where the man is sitting, calm and cool, just sipping away at a cup of tea.
“I only need to be there for two days,” he says. “And I figured you’d want to spend some time with Sam, so I was thinking we stay there for four days, and then head off to somewhere a little more private.”
For a while, Dean’s in heaven. Cas’s hand on his cock and the beads touching him in all the right places, but the touches are light. Teasing. Cas gets him worked up, and so, so close, but not nearly close enough.
Quicker than a flash of lightning, Michael is all too close to him again and bending Dean over the edge of the bed with his collar. Deanfights desperately, but feels Michael gathering his hands and tying them too tight behind his back, pulling on his shoulders.
“Please,” Dean begs, resolve completely gone, needing more time with Cas the way he needs air. “Please, fuck me, use me, let me be good for you, please-“
"It was okay," she says, going back to the soup. "One of my students threw up in the middle of our reading, though. It was an entire ordeal."
Cas stands back up, kissing Dean like a starving man. He was in complete control and making sure Dean knew it. Dean’s so blissed he barely notices Cas’s hand reaching into his suit jacket.
Michael likes Dean’s bruises even more than Alastair did, and that’s saying something. It isn’t sex. It isn’t even BDSM. It’s the kind of fake shit fake doms like to call BDSM as an excuse to abuse other people.
again, it's clearly heading toward some noncon this chapter. check the tags, take care of yourself. there's nothing graphic and nothing actually happens.
Dean can’t stop the whine that falls from his throat at the threat in his words, terrified for what comes next.
Standing up, Cas moves behind him, gently pulling off the rest of Dean's clothes. Dean can hear the click of his belt buckle, and then the slap of Castiel's belt against his ass. Dean gasps, the pain searing hot. He grasps onto the feeling, trying to get back to that feeling Castiel gave him back at his school. The fleeting, flying feeling that quiets the noise in his head, if only for a little while.
“Really?” Cas says, feigning surprise, although he knows. Out of all the rules the two have, that’s one Dean never had any problems following. “You didn’t touch?”
“Oh, look at the boy, humping the air,” Daddy says amusedly. “Go on, pet. I love it when you’re desperate.”
Castiel takes away that option when he tugs on the ring of the collar, forcing Dean’s face closer to his.
His parents are both switches, and both have full time jobs. Mary is a kindergarten teacher and John is a policeman.
Dean barely even notices and the hands and tongues slowly leave him, one by one, until Cas is turning the machine off and pulling the dildo out.
After his guests arrive - only four or five people, there aren’t many that the alpha would trust with his Dean - Cas gets everyone’s attention to go over a few rules. They’ve all been watching greedily as he gets fucked on the machine, drooling around the gag and desperation in his eyes.
Most importantly, though, all of the subs he ended up taking on didn’t want to submit. It was more complicated than that, though. They wanted to, but felt like they shouldn’t, and some will fight and fight and fight, trying to get Castiel to break.
“Yes, Dean,” he says firmly. “You were so, so good, sweet boy. And Alpha’s going to take care of you.”
Michael just beat him. Put a gag on him, whipped him within an inch of his life, and then whipped him some more.
Out of fucking nowhere, Cas produces a shiny, gleaming cock cage that Dean is 100% sure he’s never seen before.
Alastair brings his face closer to Dean’s, and he backs up until he can’t anymore, blocked by the couch. Panic starts to set in, blacking out the edge of his vision until he feels Alastair pressing the pastry box into his hands.
Although his school is only ten minutes away, the drive feels like hours long, his anxiety twisting and turning in his chest. As he ducks into class, Ms. Milton pauses in the middle of her lecture, sighing.
Look, before Castiel, Dean didn’t even bottom the few times he was with a man, barely able to even admit how attractive he found them. It’s women too, but there’s something about men. And there’s something about Cas.
With no warning, Castiel reaches between them and slaps Dean once, without even looking away from the road. Jumping, Dean turns to him in shock.
Castiel opens the bottom drawer for a bottle of lube, pushing two fingers into his already loosened hole.
Gently, Cas has Dean sit down on the closed toilet as he runs a bath, picking out Dean’s favorites bath salts and an extra special fluffy towel, something he had ordered as a surprise.
When Dean protests with a loud whine, Cas doesn’t even spare him a glance before reaching out and slapping him. Dean cuts off his whine, stunned. Cas slaps him again, and he does his best to lean away from Cas, mumbling apologies through the gag as best he could.
“Um,” Dean stumbles over his words, too busy trying to figure out how to escape the room. “I’m sorry, Sir, but if Master didn’t tell me, then I’m not allowed to.”
As the stew slow cooks, Castiel pulls out his laptop and tries to get some work done, his thoughts straying to Dean every five seconds. Is the boy warm enough? Should Castiel wake him for some water? Because he’s bound to the bed, Castiel checks the baby monitor every five minutes, which he realizes is probably overkill.
Reaching out, Castiel pulls Dean closer by the collar, forcing eye contact with the boy and forcing his focus to shift from the panic. Instead, Dean focuses to him.
wow, okay. two updates in one day? tpg must be bored, lol. sadly, this is just plot, but there's a whole bunch of smut next chapter, promise.
“Your loyalty is amusing,” Alastair says, a cruel smirk in his voice. “Did you know that there’s a leak, Dean?”
It's clear that she doubts his words, but she nods, letting him continue to pack up. "Get some sleep tonight. And take care of yourself."
Cas sighs. He'll find the words to explain it to Dean, some day. Picking at the stew, he holds a carrot up to his boy's lips.
“It’s barely been on for an hour,” Cas says, his voice closer. Dean flinches at the hand running down his back, down until Dean feels a slick finger in his hole, only adding to Dean’s frustration. It feels so good and so incredibly full, but it still isn’t enough and it’s too much all at the same time. He tries to stifle the moan that threatens to spill once Cas pushes up against his prostate, right next to the dildo.
Dean removes his pants, and then walks over to where Cas is sitting on one of the visitor chairs in his office, several loops of rope in his hand. Dean almost groans, humiliated at being so exposed to the man. He hopes he isn't leaking through the cage. Castiel turns him around and starts to wrap rope around his wrists and up his arms. Once he’s finished, Dean flexes his arms, checking to see how tight they are. It isn’t unusually cruel, but it’s definitely going to hold him fast.
“Fuck, Daddy, please,” he says, his cock straining inside of its cage. “Please, take it off. Take it off.”
Cas tries to stuff down the hope he feels at Gabriel's words, because nothing could ever work and nothing would happen between him and Dean. “I don’t do relationships.”
Consensual non-consent. It’s in their contract. It’s what Dean asked him for through those papers. He wants to push, but he needs Castiel to push back.
Even though every fiber of Dean’s body is screaming, he pulls himself out of the bed. Michael didn’t bother to put the cuffs back on him, but when Dean drags himself over to the door he finds it locked. Sliding down to sit up against it, Dean gives himself a second to let the sadness wash over him, head in his knees, trying to breathe through the pain.
“We have to get him back,” Castiel says, his voice as even as he can make it. “We aren’t working on anything else until we get him back.”
Michael was infuriated, and barely looked Alastair’s way, and he couldn’t have that. So he decided to take matters into his own hands. Shake things up a little. And then Castiel would be angry, and angry people do stupid things.
The absolute, abject horror in Dean’s eyes may not have surprised him, but Castiel was almost disgusted at the pain he felt at the thought of being rejected by this boy, before he gathered his thoughts and collected himself. No weakness, Castiel. Show them no weakness.
“I’m almost thirty, dude,” he says. “Can you leave me alone for five seconds? I’ll eat when I get home, but I have to work now.”
“You just made me sit in a room for an hour with a plug,” Dean says, hips bucking up to meet Cas’s hand.
“Yeah, we know, you’re in puppy love with Gilda,” he says haughtily, putting his head back down. There's a half hour left in lunch, and he's taking advantage of it. “I’m fine. I’m just tired.”
also, this may be kinda dumb considering i'm not famous or anything but reading everyone's comments really makes me happy, and i've decided to celebrate and hold on to all of the happy things, so thank you to everyone who takes the time to read and leave kudos and comment. :)
sorry this chapter is so short! i just wanted to get something out there since it's been a while. we'll get back to the fun stuff soon, promise.
Dean drags himself out of bed and toward the bathroom, going through the motions of his usual routine. Takes a shower, cleans himself up. Inside and out. Brushes his teeth, curses the stupid cage Cas never takes off.
“Alright, then,” Castiel says. “You’re going to talk to me, sub, about everything. But not until you’re ready.”
His kisses aren't gentle, but they're still sweeter than anything else Dean has had because they're Master's.
Pulling a chair up to sit between Dean's legs, Cas opens his mouth and swallows Dean's entire caged cock.
Cas turns around, leaving the bathroom. A rush of heat bursts through his stomach at the thought of using his boy tonight, at his reaction when he finds out that earlier doesn’t mean tonight. By earlier, he means that
Castiel moves faster than the speed of fucking light or some other magical shit, because there are hands on Dean's neck before he can even turn to the door. There's the sound of a buckle and then Castiel's hands are tugging on his collar, pulling him back towards the staircase.
"It's a good thing you're so little, boy," Castiel says, fondling the exposed portion of his cock in the special chastity cage. It leaves enough room for Castiel to still frustrate him, but there's not enough room for a hand so Castiel can tease and Dean can't touch. Most importantly, he can't come. "If you weren't, I couldn't do this."
“No, I don’t think so,” he says, pulling Dean up and off of the stools and into their room. Cas, ever conscious, turns all of the lights off before they go into the bedroom. “I think you need more tonight. Undress.”
"I forced you," Cas says, pained. "You're only here because your brother fucked up, I wanted you and I'm too fucked up to figure out how to date someone regularly."
“Hm,” he says, loosening his grip. Dean lets out a sigh of relief, but he still won’t move his hand. “Come on, pet. Sit up for me.”
“Daddy said no,” Cas says seriously, and disappointment fills Dean's chest. “Homework. Be good for me, and we’ll play after.”
“What a good boy,” Cas says huskily. “Didn’t even gag, did you?” Pulling out completely, Dean tries to follow him, missing his cock almost as soon as it’s gone. A whine tears out of the back of Dean's throat. He starts to beg, but Cas silences him with a look.
He was just a chess piece, something to be gambled away. A toy that Castiel used and then threw away.
"Yes," Dr. Novak says. "And just by looking at you, I can tell you haven't been taking care of yourself, Dean."
It was worrisome. Part of Castiel wanted to push further, demand more from Dean, but he knew that would be far more detrimental to his health than helpful.
Castiel pisses him off, frankly, with how quick he can switch up between the hot and cold. Sometimes he’s calling Dean his sweet boy, with soft touches and gentle kisses. But other times, the bad times, he’s practically ignoring him. Dean’s just a toy, one that Castiel has no use for right now, and Dean doubts that he ever cared at all.
Dean knew that the first time would feel good. Maybe the second time, and if he’s lucky, the third. But then he wouldn’t be able to get through any more without the burning overstimulation, and then it would just plain hurt. For hours.
Without any warning, he presses the ice pack onto Dean and he cries out, instinctively trying to curl up and get away, but Cas doesn’t let up until he’s tiny and small again.
Pulling Dean up, Cas reaches around him and ties his hands behind his back, looping the soft tie around him. Cas peels the rest of his clothes off and Dean takes a second to take in Cas's beautiful body. Scarred up and muscled and perfect.
A rush of heat fills Dean’s stomach and his breath hitches, and Cas’s smile turns wicked. Some days, Dean worries. He wonders why he likes this so much, why he’s so eager to be humiliated and feel so dirty and filthy. Sometimes he hates Cas for what he does. Takes him apart, so easily and so fully. Cas tells him he thinks too much. He tells him that it’s okay, kisses him and loves him.
With that, Dean feels a hand on his shoulder as Cas pushed him down. Dean looks back up, wide-eyed and trusting, and Cas has to bite back a groan, stuffing down the urge to fuck his boy then and there.
When he turns, Alastair is right there, and his hand reaches out to grip Dean’s collar. Panicking, Dean tries to pull his hands away, but nothing is working right. His arms won’t listen to him
“Don’t you have work?” Dean asks, confused to see Cas so early, but not complaining. They've both been so busy lately they haven't managed to see each other in almost a month.
"You're going to go inside and pack enough clothes for two months, any toiletries you may require, and any personal or sentimental items you'd like to bring," Castiel says. "Then you'll come downstairs, wait patiently for me to finish speaking to your parents. You will get to say your goodbyes to them in private, I promise."
He didn’t get to where he was by making himself vulnerable for something as trivial as love. So, some days, he feels crazy. He feels insane for engaging in any kind of relationship, sexual or otherwise. He learned from his mistakes. He doesn’t make the same mistake twice.
Swallowing hard, Dean grabs his stuff and drops it off in the bedroom, marveling at the house and so stunned he almost forgets Cas’s instructions.
Daddy pushes him down, crawling up between his legs, hand on his aching cock. Instinctively, Dean reaches down to protect himself, but Cas slaps his hand away.
Dean grits his teeth, his jaw clenched and turmoil still boiling in his eyes, but he obediently opens his mouth when Castiel offers him a forkful of beef stew. Whatever higher power there is, Cas thanks them for the small respite, because he doesn't think Dean's ass can take much more.
The words are terrible, and everything becomes too much. Dean doesn't know what he wants to Castiel to do, but he can feel the edges of panic trying to claw its way into him again, the endless turmoil inside of him boiling. Castiel speaks again, and Dean latches on to his low, steady, firm voice.
“How long has it been since you’ve came?” Cas asks, his hand tugging on the waistband of Dean’s slacks, but not pulling it down, serving only to frustrate him further.
“Yeah, and you never give me anything, Master," Dean gasps out. The words are meant to be teasing. Bratty, in the way that Dean inherently is, but then Master's eyes darken.
Dean had fought him, struggling all he could, but he never once used the safeword Castiel had stipulated. Dean hadn’t even wanted one at first, but Cas had flat out refused his request.
“Cas wouldn’t sell me,” Dean says firmly, trying to hold eye contact. “Especially not to you. He hated you.”
"Boy, you're already going to have a lot of trouble sitting for the next few days," Castiel says, reaching out with his left hand in order to open a door across from the bedroom. "I suggest you start listening, or I can make this a lot worse for you."
anyway, i hope you enjoy! if i end up writing another longer work, i promise the premise and plot will be better organized. :)
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean mumbles against his lips. “Not that I’m complaining, but what the fuck is going on?”
When there's finally a moment of relief, Dean tries to calm his breathing, which had only steadily sped up throughout the spanking. Dean had never been spanked before, and it was so extremely humiliating.
"That's good, Dean," he says soothingly. "I'm sorry. After I realized how bad it was, I should have taken you down immediately, and I realize now I should not have left you alone. I'm going to take you down now."
Dean has a lot of questions, and he isn’t 100% sure if there’s time to ask any of them. Castiel keeps his hand on the small of Dean’s back, walking him out to the car.
“Daddy,” Dean gasps out. “No, Daddy, I didn’t, I promise. Please, just fuck me, I need to come, please-“
Alastair is about to say something when there’s a huge crash from outside of the room, and people shouting.
Dean hears someone unlocking the door. Struggling, Dean turns to lay back down on the bed, giving his screaming back a break.
"Today, we're doing orgasm training," Cas says, his voice low. "To withhold until you get permission. And trust me, Dean, I don't give that easily. Your job is to sit there and accept what I'm giving you, sub. You better hold still."
“Making trouble so early in the morning, boy?” Cas asks, leaning on the doorframe. Dean’s eyes fly up to Cas, an annoyed huff leaving his mouth.
“You don’t hide from anyone,” Cas whispers right into Dean's ear, catching his eyes in the mirror. “Yourself or me.”
Gasping, Dean sucks in air through the ring gag and tries his best to hold back a whine, but he doesn’t have enough mental capacity to do much thinking. Out of his mind with arousal, he thinks of anything and everything he could say that might convince Cas to let him come.
“Well, there is. And Castiel was desperate to figure out who it was,” Alastair says, his voice far too close for Dean’s liking. “Too stupid to figure out what was right under his nose. So he was willing to give up anything. Anyone. As long as he figured out who it was.”
Dean is confused until he feels something prodding at his hole. Gasping, the bead slowly slides in, and Dean moans at the stretch. It’s too much, but it feels so good to be so full that Dean doesn’t care about the pain. Cas pushes in the second bead, and Dean keens as it brushes right past his prostate.
"Dean, you don't love me," Castiel says, his voice pained. "It's- Stockholm Syndrome. Have you heard of Patty Hearst?"
He's usually fine. Much better at hiding how gross he feels, but this week sucked and he doesn't have any energy left.
“We aren’t using labels yet, Miss.” Cas’s voice floats from somewhere over her shoulder, and Dean completely misses their conversation, happiness bubbling in his chest, and all of a sudden Cas is inside of his office, closing the door behind him.
“Aren’t you gonna eat, Dean?” Dean hears his friend Benny’s voice somewhere beyond the pillow he’s created with his bag and jacket, because he swears the air conditioning in all the classrooms are broken. It’s either way too hot or way too cold, and Dean’s tired of it.
“You don’t want to speak politely, you don’t get to speak at all,” Castiel says, hauling Dean up and bending him over the bed.
Castiel's heart leaps, a surge of lust at the long-hidden kink, something he hadn’t even known Dean was into. He was shocked at how much he wanted it. Wanted Dean, to be his and to have him, wholly and completely. He’d do anything for this boy.
Cas doesn't even grace him with an answer, stalking into the bedroom a few seconds later, rage in his eyes.
Nobody came to mind. Not one person. Sure, there were plenty of shady figures he had worked with, because who wasn’t shady in the mafia? Anyone with guts to work their way up into Castiel’s inner circle had dirty, unclean hands, but Castiel didn’t let anyone into his upper circles without being completely sure of their loyalty. Clearly, he had made a mistake. Spending time taking care of Dean managed to help get his mind off of it, but Gabriel was texting relentlessly, and finally ended up calling him.
“Your previous Master has given me access to some really handy drugs, whore,” Alastair muses, gathering Dean’s arms behind his back. “Go ahead. Sleep.”
A soft smile lights up Cas’s face. “Well, you’re meeting with Master’s friend in about half an hour, so I wanted to give you some time to come back to yourself before then.”
There was no sense of time in the room. No clock, no windows, nothing to gauge how long Dean sat there and ached.
“Thank you,” Gabriel says, exasperated. “Someone is feeding information to Michael. They want to intercept our next shipment of drugs.”
“What was that? You want me to get rid of that?” Cas asks, motioning to his dripping cock. "I can ice it down for you. Is that what you want?"
“Dean,” Castiel says seriously. “Even if I were to take your collar off, and you were no longer mine, I want you to know that you have my word I won’t harm your brother. I don’t want you to panic every time I take it off to clean it, okay?”
Dean is still tied to the chair, chest heaving, and he can’t move even an inch, stuck watching Cas crack a cold pack to ice his cock down. Cas turns around, holding it, and Dean struggles. Hetries to get away from it, but then Cas has his hand on his stomach and pushes the pack onto his cock.
While Dr. Castiel Novak is always beautiful, hot, attractive, all of the good things, Dr. Castiel Novak in his Dominant element was a sight to behold.
Dean had fallen asleep after dropping, so Castiel took him out of the playroom and up into the Master, wiping him down and putting him to bed. Opening the side table, Castiel takes out some soft ropes and loosely ties Dean’s hands to the headboard. There’s enough give for him to still sleep comfortably, but it’s secure enough to give Dean an anchor.
Despite Cas’s carefully controlling nature, he cares deeply about the omega and loves him more than anything. Cas is traditional, and there were lots of things that Dean didn’t really like doing, but he liked making Cas happy.
Sam has two children of his own, and then his wife Eileen’s sister has three absolute shits. Eileen’s brother in law is an absolute dick, for one, who never bothered to learn sign language. He’s also a cacophonous republican, all ‘pro-life, misogyny, LGBTQ+ are going to hell,” despite - probably because, if Dean’s being honest - the fact that Cas and Dean were sitting at the exact same table.
“How many, boy?” Dean’s brain finally kicks back on, and he wracks his brain, distracted by the sound of his Master’s belt buckle. Cas adds up all of Dean's misbehavior throughout the day and punishes him at the end of the day, but Dean's having a hard time thinking beyond Master's lips and hands and eyes.
Now that it’s morning, Cas mulls over his agenda in the shower, thinking about what needs to do while Dean stayed fast asleep in bed. Before Cas had gotten up to shower, he had looped more rope through the ring on Dean’s collar and fastened him to the bed, getting frustratingly hard at the sight of the beautiful boy all trussed up and ready for him. After his shower, Cas pulls on his slacks, toweling off his neck as he exits the bathroom, seeing Dean struggling on the bed, lying with his arms still bound behind him.
They were too gone on each other. Castiel met Dean, found this beautiful person in him, and he was lost.
Dean wants to punch his ugly face, because nobody insults his Master. Blinking hard, he tries to clear his throbbing head, thoughts so foggy and everything so heavy.
Dean shifted uncomfortably in his seat, eyes flying down to Cas’s shoes, and Castiel wanted to ruin him.
Reaching down to his collar, Castiel hauls Dean up, turning him around and undoing the knot on the ropes around Dean’s wrists.
“I will,” Castiel says, having already gotten his holster and two of his favorite guns, nodding when Benny went to do the same. “I’ll get him back, Sam."
The casual mention of such intimate things is completely startling to Dean, but he can already tell that Castiel doesn't beat around the bush. And if he's being forced to submit to this guy for the next two months, he supposes it doesn't matter. Castiel will see it all eventually anyway.
“Shh,” Michael said, but it’s the opposite of soothing. “I bought a toy, I’m going to play with it.”
"Don't tell me how I feel about you, Castiel Novak," Dean warns. "I spent way too fucking long figuring that out. I know how I feel."
Dean jumps, scrambling backward on the bed, getting as far away from the unfamiliar voice as possible.A man walks into the room, tall and muscled, a certain coldness behind his eyes that send chills up Dean’s spine.
“Dean,” Castiel says, carefully threading some Dom into his voice. “Would you like to talk about it?”
," Dean says. "Look, I don't know why you torture yourself with subs who suck at being subs, but I don't need any of this shit, okay? Just- Leave me alone. I don't need any of this. I'm going home now."
“I asked you to be good for me, boy,” he says. “And I’ve already had to punish you once. This makes twice. Don’t test me further or you won’t like the consequences.”
“Please, Daddy,” Dean begs, so completely gone. “Feels so good, please, I need to come, let me come, I was good, I’ll be good-“
some cas pov next chapter, i think. more rules, and a much needed conversation about dean's aversion to submission.
“But,” Cas says. fingers trailing down his face to hold Dean’s chin. “After I fuck you, I’ll let you up, give you a bath. And you’ll sleep with me every night this week."
Even if he tried, he didn’t think it would work. Sleep isn’t a necessity right now. The thing he needs, he doesn’t have anymore.
Dean whines apologetically as Cas’s hand speeds up, and he dares to hope that Sir might be feeling generous enough to give him what feels like is going to be the best orgasm he’s ever had.
The sight might have been arousing, if this was any other situation. It’s one of Castiel’s favorite things to do; take his boy apart until he’s desperate, and begging. He begs so beautifully, and gives so much. But Castiel didn’t do this to him. Despite his words earlier, because yes, this was for him, it still wasn’t him.
“Uh, yeah,” he says, a beat too late as Castiel starts his shitty little Prius. "So... What are we doing, exactly? And where are we going?"
“All mine,” Cas says. "Good night, sweet boy." Kissing his cheek before turning the light off, Dean settles on his chest and Cas's hand on the knot of his wrists.
"You got lucky this time, slut," he says, and then pushes on the wall and disappears into a passage he didn't even know existed, two seconds before the door splinters and it's Castiel. His Castiel, guns blazing and Dean hates himself for whining, for trying to move toward the man.
Suddenly, with no warning at all, Cas is inside of him. Completely dry, no prep, and it fucking burns.
The snick of the cage closes over Dean’s cock, and he breathes raggedly, unsure whether he should be relieved that Cas can’t torture his dick anymore or be terrified, because Cas can 100% torture him now.
Dean and Castiel have been lying in bed now for probably half an hour, and Dean’s discovered that cuddling is his new favorite thing. Castiel is tucked up behind him, holding him, and Dean could die right here and he’d be happy.
anything. Dean hardly goes out, he just stays at home and does nothing, because he doesn't want to do anything else. He'll go out with Charlie and Benny when they force him, but other than that.
"I'm not 100% sure if there's even something we can do," Benny says. "We don't know where Michael is, and wherever they are, I guarantee you we can't just walk in there and grab him. Probably has fifteen thousand guards on him."
Fuck the rules. Dean scoots back as far as he can get, which isn’t that far cause of the headboard. He shakes his head rapidly, high, begging noises coming out of the back of his throat.
Cas's eyes darken at the title, a rush of heat curling in his stomach. Dean starts to hope but then Cas gently pops him on the face, holding his chin fast. Sad green eyes focus desperately on Cas's blue ones, and Cas wants to give his boy everything.
“You must be desperate,” Cas says, a note in his voice that’s almost mocking. “You must want me to touch, don’t you?”
Cas keeps his hands to himself for the rest of the night, ignoring Dean’s attempts to provoke him into something, but doesn’t at all hold back with his words; dirty, filthy words full of anticipation and promises about what’s to come.
“Please,” he begs again. “Master, please.” The machine pauses, the dildo rubbing right over Dean’s prostate, and he moans, the pleasure maddeningly frustrating and yet Dean still wants more. But Cas pulls it out, and Dean whines.
It’s working. Dean’s hormones are stabilizing, and he has proof of that with the blood tests Cas still gets every morning, but he’s been kept in a hazy state of horniness because Cas won’t let him come.
