strategy
And before he can do or say anything else, Steve jumps off the building.
“Mr. Stark?”
“I’ve sent you the location. What’s your ETA?” he asks, looking at the other man who stares back, telling him without words that he’s sorry, he maybe shouldn’t have said anything; but Tony takes his hand and kisses its palm, to say
It’s a good enough excuse like any other he could say, and there’s a chance Tony recognizes it as one but if he does, he pretends otherwise: “Yes, I know. Don’t worry, your best man is on the job now, okay? We’ll figure it out.”
– and the other can’t believe just how weak and feeble that body feels against his own.
“What can I say, old habits are hard to die…” he glides over, picking up the chopsticks again and moving them one against the other to rehearse.
they are headed to, neither of them has any idea, but after all, what does it matter? It’s not like it would make a difference anyway. They’re not on Earth anymore. Maybe they are
“Do you… want to spend the night maybe? We have plenty of spare rooms and…”
Pepper and, well… it’s kinda hard, pal.”
The voice breaks the utter silence he had immersed himself into, and it’s so sudden and unexpected that startles him. He almost drops the pot he’s holding, has to catch it midair.
“Tony, we
“None taken,” comes the flat reply, along with a tiny smirk, only a second too late. He should add something, possibly a joke or something along those lines, but he can’t, words escaping his control; instead he leans back against the chair, distancing himself from the table and takes yet another long sip of water, and funnily enough he wonders how long till he’ll have to go to pee considering all the liquid he’s been swallowing.
Not to anyone else either, Steve murmurs under his breath as he stands up to follow Jarvis outside.
“So I realized I have no idea what you actually like. Food wise, I mean.” he hurries to add, forgetting that he’s talking to Steve, possibly the person less likely to pick up a double meaning ever.
“… You do know I’m not drinking alcohol anymore, don’t you, Steve?” he teases, managing to keep a straight face for just a second or two before bursting into a soft laughter, which makes Steve sigh in defeat, although he can spot the shadow of a smile upon his lips too.
At first Tony thinks he hasn’t heard it right. It can’t be. Maybe his ears have got a little fucked up in space. Pressure and all of that. But as Fury keeps staring at him, he’s all too aware that nope, there’s nothing wrong with his hearing.
“Because… Love makes humans weak, Steve. And us doing what we do…” he shakes his head, and in a normal situation that would be the end of his sentence, because he’s the master of leaving threads hanging, isn’t he? But there is nothing normal about this, so he carries on, against his own will: “How do you think Ultron came into being, huh? Y’all got so mad at me back then, but did you ever stop and consider how that idea even started into my brain, Steve?”
Only this time, something is different. He can feel Steve smile first, and then fight against a giggle that nevertheless ends up escaping his lips. Tony frowns, confused, but after just a couple of seconds realizes what’s going on.
Except he doesn’t, not really. Because after Tony falls asleep – ‘passes out’ would be a better verb – Steve really
, he can’t help but wondering as feeling numb himself just at the very thought). It takes him a good ten minutes – and a few failed and half attempts – but eventually he manages to slip away from Steve’s hold and, before he can have second thoughts (he can already sense some forming somewhere in his brain), he quickly digs through the pile of clothes scattered on the floor, picking up his own and getting very close to steal Steve’s shirt, just as a souvenir of sorts. Then, still moving as lightly and quietly as possible, he tiptoes outside of the bedroom and downstairs, hoping to find another bathroom somewhere on the ground floor.
“Then I have to put these around your neck, or it’s not valid…” Tony rolls his eyes, pretending to be annoyed, but that goes away when Steve flashes the tags in front of his eyes, giving him a proud smile that he has never seen before. “I’ll keep yours and you’ll keep mine, okay? Nobody knows we use these nicknames so I figured it’d be safe.”
“It is, although it’s quite… soppy for your standards. Not that I thought you even
“Just one moment…” Steve replies from inside, opening up a few seconds later, with wet, messy hair and a bathrobe on. He frowns and sighs deeply as seeing Tony, who in returns blinks, puzzled – albeit relieved – to see the other not bearing anything more than a few, almost unnoticeable, scratches on his face.
Phone back into his pocket, he pulls Steve closer to peck his lips, still gazing into his eyes because he doesn’t seem to be able to
The rest of his sentence dies – or, better,
“Looks like I’m not the only one who’s eager…” he comments, hating himself for it, a bit more as other words come out of his mouth. “Let’s give you what you’ve been wanting all along, shall we?”
, really, but you know what I mean…”
everything. Despite…
. There’s so many questions he wants to ask him, so many praises he wants to share with him.
The eyepatch grumbles in forced agreement and the two of them leave the room without adding another word. Which leaves Tony to focus back on the doctor.
“What else can I do? My body seems to be working fine, but we’re
“Hey, Tony.”
. And Steve had appeared to share his same belief, because he had never even tried to bring it up. That is, until five minutes ago.
Steve to the restaurant, not a task as easy as it should be when you’re dealing with a) a paranoid person, and b) someone who self-exiled themselves in the middle of nowhere. He thinks about the problem for a while, and in the end he decides to follow his first instinct.
“Woah, slow down, Stark. I didn’t recruit nobody, they did that themselves. Find each other on the internet. That’s how I came across them. They need structure, they need rules, but most of all, they need someone to give them a direction.”
he asks himself, and the answer that he didn’t want to hear pops into his mind almost immediately:
“He’s suffered severe damage to his c—“
“Can I… ask you a question?”
it, but all that Steve does is hunching his shoulders before replying, clearly wanting an answer sooner rather than later so he can move on and deal with the embarrassment that he’s now feeling.
it must be to basically lose consciousness and wake up seventy years later, without any awareness of the time that has passed while you were out of it. He struggles to imagine what it’d be like if that had happened to him. He thinks he’d be able to adjust, with time, although he’d probably be even more of a loner than he already is. Find it even harder to make friends, someone to trust. He throws a furtive glance to Tony, as if he was afraid to be spotted. Based on the short conversation that they’ve had, and then the even briefer one with Fury, Steve doesn’t believe the same could apply to the guy next to him. Just based on a first impression, Tony seems the kind of person who finds it extremely
“Yes. Ever wondered why?”
– it had resolved in a big, scary void.
and the
. Steve would never do anything to hurt him, right? It’s
right, not once the latter has to step in to correct him, to the point that this begins to look more and more like an actual date, and not a pretending one. As this happens, the thought completely evades Tony’s mind, except for when Steve goes taking his hand into his with such casualness and spontaneity that he actually needs to remind himself he is not, in fact, being courted.
Tony takes it – although, to be fair, he mostly goes from leaning against the wall to leaning against
“Of course not, I just… I don’t know, you’re an Army man, don’t you want something more…
said to not worry about it.” Tony interrupts him, and now he’s the one grabbing the other’s arm to lead him inside the big, empty room. “I took care of it.” he concludes, smiling satisfied as seeing that the hall is set exactly how he had explained on his call. The lights are dimmed to resemble what he’s figured out to be the general power wattage in the ‘30s; all the round tables are dressed in a large, floor-touching white cotton tablecloth, and upon each of them candles have been lit up, contributing to give a suspended atmosphere to the whole scene. When he sees it, Steve finds himself at loss of words; suddenly, he feels like he’s back to his own time, before the war even started, and it’s quite weird to imagine that period actually existed: he’s got so used to just be seen as a military man that he himself has forgotten he was alive well before the World War Two erupted.
of it to catch up, and then it’s gone. He sighs quietly, staying still whilst trying to think of a plan of action, but Steve’s smell – around him and on his own body – makes it difficult for him to focus. He doesn’t want to move, not yet anyway, knowing that if he does chances are the other is going to wake up too – at least, that’s what used to happen back when they slept in the same bed pretty much all the time. With extremely slow and calculated little movements, Tony manages to turn into the embrace until his back is against the mattress again, much to its relief; from there, he can finally see Steve’s face, still asleep, still
…” he smirks, giggling again as seeing the very puzzled expression on the other’s face, pulling him towards the big villa that is now in front of them.
, the ring was in my
sense
. But don’t worry, I’m not gonna withhold my logistic support or stop paying for everything else, the US government has still time to figure that part out. That’s what you were most concerned about, isn’t it?”
“First of all, I want that wall between Texas and Mexico to finally go up, there’s been far too much dwelling and people are tired of it. Tony, where are we with that?”
“Told you,
– you can lean in and give them a kiss, just like this…” and with that, he gives him a little smile before going for his cheek, pressing his lips against the freshly shaved skin and breathing in the other’s aftershave for a couple of seconds – there are notes of pines and acorns and for some reasons Tony thinks it’s very fitting for him – before pulling back and reprising talking as if nothing happened: “Okay? Then you smile and take your leave
“Meeting the… Watcher? This is w—“
When Steve awakens with the first light brought in by the dawn, he finds a new, strange feeling waiting for him at the pit of his stomach, and although it’s not exactly painful, it’s uncomfortable enough to make him stand in front of the mirror to check his tummy area for a long while, as if he was expecting to spot a cancerous growth if only he looked
, Tony. And neither do you, because we’ve never done this,” the other replies, and there’s an edge in his voice that he believes he has never heard before. He can feel his glance on him so he opens his eyes to find his, almost immediately, staring at him as if it was the first time Steve was actually
It takes a bit of juggling and a few cuts here and there he would much rather not to make, but he manages to get the money together in less than twenty-four hours; Pepper frowns at this bizarre request and he’s about to tell her the truth, but realizing that could put her in harm’s way should the situation get out of hand, he just goes for the original line he had conjured into his mind, “Trust me on this”, and thankfully she does. After the campaign gets notified of the money, things move so quickly he barely has time to breathe. On Sunday morning, he receives a formal invitation to dinner with the President for the following Tuesday; on Friday, his “generous contribution to make America a winner again” gets announced live on Facebook; a month later, he receives an email with all the detailed tour itinerary leading up to the November 3
not pleasure, maybe not even the pain of his loss. He’s just… empty.
Resigning from something that you were never formally invited to be a part of is very weird, because nobody really knows what the correct formula to use is. Plus, the bureaucracy alone is a living nightmare. Once he reaches the compound the first thing he does, because it’s the most nerve-wrecking of all, is to Skype General Ross to communicate his decision to him. He was expecting the man to simply not care, given the last time they properly spoke he told him without hesitation that no, he would not have anything to do with leading an international manhunt against Captain America, as if they all didn’t have way more pressing matters on their hands. Ross hadn’t liked that, not one bit.
, he tries to reassure himself, but the only effect that has is to make him feel guilty, because it’s not just his life on the line, it’s other people’s too, and he’s never been comfortable with that. He had said yes to his father in 1942 because the old man had told him he would have asked someone
“God, this thing is
“Oh, you’ll be surprised…” he hits back, and he’s about to add a line about volunteering to show Tony just
“You can’t be serious.”
in between. And still, it doesn’t feel
Just as if they were following a rule they had all agreed upon beforehand, nobody speaks a word until the last piece of sushi has disappeared from the plate and they’ve ordered dessert.
“Nonsense. You’re my guest, and guests deserve the best. You’re taking the bed, and we’re not having a discussion about it.”
because this is just the second time that he hears this stupid plan out loud and already hates it, so how the hell is he supposed to stick with it for months or maybe even years? It just seems impossible, intolerable, insufferable.
to. “We can’t do this. It’ll end up in a disaster. You
“I can just go…” replies Tony, hiding his own amusement from the tone of his voice. He likes to play this game with him, no matter how many times it happens.
matters to attend.” it concludes, and without waiting for an answer he turns away. The moment after it’s just disappeared from their sight.
As the music fades out, Tony grabs the hem of Steve’s t-shirt and pulls his face gently towards his, leaving a small kiss on his lips and sighing softly, smiling. Much to his surprise, the other man returns the loving gesture, though before Tony can do or say anything, he searches for his eyes and murmurs on his lips.
Steve doesn’t exactly know why the revelation surprises – and angers – him so much. It’s not like he even knew the old man had a son, and frankly, this changes nothing about the hero he grew up idolizing so much. But maybe it’s deeper than that. Maybe it’s because, although he remembers almost nothing about his own father – mostly fragments that now and then returns to his mind like deja-vus – the sense of abandonment and the consequent belief that his dad’s taking off was his fault have never really left him, and hearing a somewhat similar story can’t but make him all the more sympathetic towards Anthony.
“He’s much more than that, Janet.” Fury explains, although his comment seems to be irrelevant, because it’s hard not to notice
so that people will just stop talking
“It’s me. I know I shouldn’t have called, but I really needed to hear your voice…”
“I’m sorry, I’m a bit overtired – I don’t even remember when was the last time I actually slept – I don’t think I can get in the mood…” he apologizes eventually, shooting for the easiest sentence he can come up with, adding a half-hearted yawn for good measure. But if Steve gets what he means, he surely doesn’t show it in any way, or he’s settled on not letting Tony off the hook this easily.
He ends up having to actually
And Steve’s face is what his eyes open up to see, a few hours later. His head is so close to Tony’s that he finds himself staring at the other’s lips again, for a split second even imagining to
“Hey Nick. Nice to see you.” he says, taking a seat next to him in a totally mechanical way – as if this was just another boring meeting at the Pentagon – and, same as it usually happens there, he forces himself to count till ten before actually saying what he’s been wanting to say since the moment he got inside: “Where is he?”
Oh yes, he absolutely despises himself right now. He doesn’t
ask how they would like to do it. Usually you end up splitting the bill.”
“I’m not, you’re unusually… up in your head today. It’s like you’re here physically, but your mind is somewhere else.”
“Do you ever get tired of telling that one joke?”
His rational side has been trying for almost twenty-four hours now to come up with good enough reasons to call the date off, but nothing convincing enough to actually stick. So here he is, at 7:05pm, making his way down to the lobby, expecting to find Steve already there, waiting.
“Then what are
“… Sex? Isn’t that what you want?”
“Um, you… you seem uncomfortable in that chair, sir, would you like to… eh, go to the conference room perhaps? You’re early but Director Fury won’t be long, he’s always on time.”
be having an hallucination of some sorts – this is what not enough sleep and far too many coffees can do to the human brain – but before he can assemble any logical thought two hands land on each of his sides, pulling him forward to meet a male body whilst familiar lips find his own, and for a moment he’s so flabbergasted and confused and lightheaded that his legs give way and he has to cling on to the arms that now surround him, and that luckily for him are ready and fast enough to sustain his weight.
“It wouldn’t have changed anything. It was bound to get to you a way or another.”
time. Of course it’s only wishful thinking – or better, it
, because Tony finds himself not being able to look away either.
“Hey, Tony…” he decides to call instead, and it’s a relief to hear it coming out decisively stronger than before, although still not to its normal standards. But he’ll take this small victory. “Tony,” he says again, slightly louder when the other doesn’t even flinch.
“Okay, so, I had meant to talk to you about something, Tony... and please, don’t take this the wrong way, but I’ve seen you hanging a lot around Namor recently, and I don’t think he’s a particularly good influence on you. I mean, he’s... unhinged to say the least, and so arrogant, like... you c—“
“When did you stop loving me, then? I think I deserve to know as much,” he eventually says, and this time his own voice scares him, because it speaks of a painful acknowledgment of the new, impossible reality.
“What do y— Oh, yes, of course, sorry, I’m not—“
He taps his reactor and glances at Steve, and for a brief moment he feels like putting his hand on his, like in the old days. But he won’t, because he’s all too aware that, should ‘plan S’ become a necessity, he’d rather not having to deal with Steve and his bullshit rhetoric in the final moments. And also – even if he would never admit it out loud or to himself – because he’s not sure he’d actually have the guts to go through with it, was Steve to guess what his plan was, his piercing, desperate blue eyes the last thing he ever set his on.
“Okay, you win…” he whispers on his lips, and the next moment he cups Steve’s face and starts kissing him slowly, to make every second count, because it does.
“Okay, so… You know I’m not really good with words, right?”
“Look, I’m putting the gun down, take me instead!”
Tony wonders, but he knows deep down that this is obviously his own job, and one of the reason why they work so well together. Tony is the one who makes Steve stop being a soldier for the time being, because if something does happen when they’re in the same room, he wouldn’t have to make apologies and feel bad for having to leave. Because of this knowledge, Steve can relax when Tony is around. He likes to think that he’s the only one who can do that.
“So, what’s the plan?”
, 2021 and, defying his expectations, it doesn’t cause a lot of panic neither at the Pentagon nor at the White House, although the allegations about the creation of what are defined as ‘containment areas for immigrants’ moved against the president are nothing short of worrisome. A Cabinet meeting is called, but instead of addressing the article or even demanding someone’s head, all they discuss is how soon the aforementioned areas can be created because, according to the president, “the sooner we get this done the sooner it stops being a secret, the sooner we can all move on”, as if the problem didn’t lie
“God, Steve, what have you done? Why were you the only one hurt? I bet you pulled some stupid self-sacrificing crap because you thought you’d be fine. What the hell were you thinking, uh? That’s why we have the Hulk on the team! I mean, no offense to Bruce, but the big guy can take an awful lot of hits, I can assure you. But you? You’re like me, and Nat, and Clint, and Sam, you’re
“You heard me, Rogers. Unless… are you seeing someone?”
at her, which is what is happening now.
, and whether the damage inflicted can indeed be restored; on the (few) positive days, he thinks so, but more often than not, he has to admit that maybe this is just a necessary step in the humanity’s quest for redemption. On a particularly grim day, after having sat in a meeting where the ‘containment areas’ were eventually funded, feeling so worthless and defied, he leaves a new message on the web: “Gonna be in Malta for NATO meeting next week. Be there.”
“I like what you’ve done with the place...”
world
This is the final battle, and if they fail nothing will change, things will just
“Are you guys ever gonna talk again? This is so stupid…”
He sighs deeply to shake himself out of his own thoughts, and after a quick glance at his watch he decides that he’s got to go
“Tony,” Steve sighed, tense with concern; then he winced internally, because they weren’t on a first name basis.
Mingled pride and relief thrilled through Tony, but Thanos hissed in outrage. “Then surrender to
“Thanos,” Tony said, avoiding his gaze. “Wakanda is under attack.”
“But I thought I was doing that,” Steve said, mystified. “Was I not doing that?”
Eventually, Bruce and Okoye moved away to light the evening fire, and Shuri followed Tony’s gaze to where Steve and his muscles were still -
Steve’s eyes fluttered open, a dazed look settling over him. “Hi,” he breathed, and then he was crying just like Tony was, their tears sliding free in sorrow and joy combined. Recklessly,
Yet early in the afternoon, Tony was annoyed to notice that a) he had a body, and b) it was hungry. This was all Steve’s doing, bringing him lunch every day like some kind of Pavlovian zoo keeper. Yet when he checked, the super-soldier hadn’t budged from the same spot on the couch he’d occupied all morning. From the projected images around him it looked like he was reading the current reports from the Wakandan crisis team that Shuri had assembled while the rest of them focused on Titan. Tony watched him for a minute, not liking the way Steve’s shoulders were hunched over, the frown pinching his features. Typical stubborn idiot of a man, giving them all a day off to get their minds right but filling his own head with tragedies beyond his reach.
Short seconds later, a small bundle landed neatly at Peter’s feet, the new armor unfolding to encase the stunned teenager in the best protection Tony could manage. While Peter danced around in glee, nearly incoherent with excitement, May clutched painfully at Tony’s arm. “Wow, Mr. Stark, it smells like a new car in here!” the kid crowed.
“Yes. Steve. Yes,” he said over and over, promised, prayed; the other man heard; Steve wrapped his arms around Tony, buried his face in his neck and sped up, fucking him without mercy, driving Tony right to his limit. It was again too much, again not enough; beyond thought of resistance, Tony craved more, always more. When Steve’s control finally collapsed into raw frantic thrusts, Tony thrilled to match him, urging him on
“Those fingernails, man,” Rhodey said, and shook his head. “Heebies for days.”
had kissed
The first wave of shock was almost peaceful, seeming to stretch every second into a century. Tony found himself blissfully aware of every molecule of his surroundings, the leaves on the trees sparkling under the low beams of the day’s last sunlight. In return for peace it seemed such a small thing that he couldn’t quite make himself speak. Then the second wave hit, shame and terror and self-loathing, because he realized why; he had nothing left worth saying.
He asked her and she laughed. Of all things, she laughed, but there was a bitterness to it that pierced him.
“Play it,” he whispered, then closed his eyes and listened as his former bodyguard’s voice rang out in the empty room.
“Okay.”
Steve had been busy strapping down his shield, and now handed Tony one of Rocket’s breathers. He put it on before he summoned the Iron Man armor, letting the nanobots swarm over the alien device without impeding its function. After checking Steve’s breather was correctly in place, Tony turned to Nebula and nodded. “Ready.”
The billionaire opened his eyes and next studied the muddied ground, pacing back and forth. He found a set of Steve-sized footprints that looked fresh, pointing towards the river and he followed the trail to a flat rock right on the water’s edge. Just as he peered into the water, a great shape erupted violently from below the surface - space shark? - and Tony unceremoniously fell on his ass, the nanobots swirling around him for protection.
“Hi,” Steve whispered back, half-shy before their smirking audience.
Unease twisted low in Steve’s stomach, the silence curdling between them.
“Tony? I think you’re going into shock,” he heard Steve say. Made sense. There seemed to be an initial bombardment of energy following the installation of each Stone, then things evened out; Steve’s body could heal, in between, but Tony had no such protection. His time was running out.
Tony said nothing; instead, the other man pulled out his phone and commenced tapping busily, the silence stretching into a chasm between them. Steve quietly tried to distract himself, first by examining the gray dullness of the isolation room, then by mentally adding a whole suite of aesthetic improvements. Yet it was becoming harder and harder to deny his own exhaustion, to keep himself awake, safely beyond reach of the starless void.
When Steve’s lips turned blue, the three doctors came all at once, and Tony knew.
/ˌkɒnsəˈleɪʃ(ə)n/
Yet Tony wasn’t free yet. Wasn’t safe. Steve still had to…
She shook her head, allowed an orange glow to briefly surround her, then vanish. “Not exactly. But I thought you would appreciate this form, now that we may at last speak directly.”
“Nah. Worked up a sweat with the logs, wanted to cool off,” Steve explained, his words casual despite his current state of being a person that space sharks could eat without any warning or effort.
Steve snorted softly, which elicited an odd sensation from his numbed ribs. “Jeez, you fall out of bed
“Let’s always talk sideways,” Tony whispered, his voice rough with sleep.
?” Thanos demanded, placing himself to block their view of the girl. Protective? Interesting.
“Hey,” he protested, his former anger evaporating as his empty stomach growled in yearning.
“Okay,” he murmured, knuckling at his eyes. “Okay. I hear you, Tony. You don’t owe me anything, I’m sorry.” He knew the other man could probably tell he was crying, but Steve was too wrung out to care anymore. “I never meant to hurt you, but I did, and that’s on me.” He swallowed. “You’re right, I should have told you. You deserved to hear the truth. Not just as H- as your father’s son. But as my friend.”
A wide-eyed, impossibly young kid stood up. Tony could practically see his knees knocking from the stage. “Uhm, thank you, Mr Stark, I uhm… Sorry, I just-” He broke off, coughing.
The exhaustion. Steve had assumed it was normal.
“May you find your peace, Captain Rogers,” she says.
“Do you think we’ll remember any of this?” Steve asked hesitantly.
“I think we need to gather the whole team before we discuss this any further,” Steve said.
“Hell yeah.”
“So what?” Bucky sounded incredulous. “So it only took your stubborn ass literally a hundred years to let anyone get this close. Making this not an insignificant development.”
Just as Tony’s control was about to slip, T’Challa appeared at his side. “My apologies, Stark, but my staff requests your assistance regarding some operational analysis they wish to conduct,” he said, nodding serenely to anyone watching.
Funny how things that end up defining your life happen just by coincidence, most of the time.
“But isn’t the m—“
“Thank you for coming.”
Not much has changed for Steve in these past couple of months. He would love to say that at least things haven’t gotten
Tony Stark comes out, with his responsibilities and his amount of work and his – albeit almost non-existent at this point – relationships. Having accepted that finding a way to reach Steve is quite impossible (especially because he has no way to safely send him something that he can guarantee would not be intercepted or lost or worst), he tries to maintain contact with his old world, but what’s left of the Avengers (the now called ‘official team’), Rhodey included, is now off limit – at least until there’s a reliable threat which could justify his involvement with them – most of the others have gone to Europe (not that he knows this for
swear
“I-I’m coming…” he mumbles, not looking at her, and waits until he hears her footsteps vanishing in the thin air to let out a quiet sob. He will try so hard to keep it together, but after a couple of minutes he’ll break out in tears anyway and won’t be able to finish his speech. He must know it or at least suspect it already by now, subconsciously at least, because before starting towards the chapel he lifts his chin up to look at the statue, as if Tony was in there and could actually smile at him as encouragement. “I’m not gonna say anything you don’t already know in my speech, so even if I don’t… manage to read it all, it won’t make a difference to you, because it’s stuff I tell you twice a day anyway, you must be bored to hear it by now…” he snickers quietly, and god, even that causes him pain. “Except… I was going through some of my books, trying to find a quote yesterday – you know,
“Steve… Dating and being in a relationship with someone… not necessarily the same thing these days. I thought I had made that clear when we talked about… marriage proposal.”
In any other circumstance, Tony would have burst into a hearty laughter: the whole thing sounds ridiculous even just
“Right...” echoes Steve, his tone saying the exact opposite of what the word means.
But this time Tony doesn’t take the bait, and Steve has to say something back.
workplace. It’s
“Alright, okay, I’m going…” Tony replies, fingers slipping quickly through the bars to reach for his, lingering for just a second over them, enough to give Steve a tingling feeling in the pit of his stomach. “Keep your head up, Cap, I’ll be back before you know it,” he then adds, winking at him as his fingers retreats and he starts walking back towards the exit.
get drunk. I’ve tried it before and it didn’t work.”
“Tony…”
though.”
Tony giggles softly and then jumps up on his feet, starting to dance to the rhythm, looking at Steve as inviting to join him; but of course he shakes his head, chuckling nevertheless.
that way. Thor takes a step back, leaving it to stand on its own. Still the suit doesn’t budge.
it, he says to himself,
a pain in my ass, just as much as Rogers is. But my personal feelings are irrelevant in this matter because we’re talking about national – and international – security, there is no room for individual grievances.”
idea now?”
think?”
“Oh, hey… I didn’t know you were dropping by…”
Loki’s hand moves again, and this time it’s Steve who ends up against a wall, although the only sound that is heard is the lowest grunt, just as if someone had just patted his shoulder instead. Both Tony and Loki frown at the same time.
Although what he sees, he can’t quite believe.
enough
And away he gently pushes Steve’s arms off his shoulders, picking up his pace to catch up with the rest of the team as they make their way through the icy snow.
teams at least, plus a few reserves was someone to, y’know, die, disappear or get hurt, and our planet is now known throughout the whole galaxy as the one whose team defeated the Mad Titan
There’s a significant pause that makes him wonder whether the other is actually considering his next words more carefully than usual because he indeed
“My unif—“
“I did not think there would be an audience, but it doth not matter.”
Tony nods, forces himself to empty his glass and then stands up, stretching and sighing as hearing his body complaining about the sudden movement; another factor he hadn’t weighted in – and he really should have – is just how much effort spending time in space would reflect on his physique, once he got back, especially considering all the strain it has already been through in the past decade.
“Wasp, do you read me?”
“You and I both,” he replies without lifting his eyes from the paper, finally recognizing Moon River, “How can I help y—“
Then he would probably beg him for forgiveness, which is not the same as apologizing, because while the latter would be professional, the former is…
“We’ve got you, sir, you’re safe now… What’s your name?”
“Damn you know me so well…” Steve replies, a smile on his lips that you could call admiration, and that makes Tony hold his tongue for a few moments, as if he himself had never realized just how much
“Hello there. I have notified the doctor you’re awake. They won’t be long. In the meantime, just relax.”
His next stop is Pepper, it
it happened (just as if he was a teenager sharing the details of their first kiss with their friends) but right then a few footsteps echo in the close distance, making Tony stop abruptly and hurrying to button his shirt up again and knot his tie before whispering to Rhodey: “Not a word.”
“Double IPA. Jesus, Steve, when was the last time you went out?”
one. Something else that he wasn’t expecting – but that definitely works out in his favor – is how
Tony looks up at the sky for a few seconds, thinking his idea over one last time before spilling it out, although by now he has studied it from every single prospective he could come up with: “Let’s get married… here, tomorrow.”
give him a kiss. Steve has no idea what to say or how to process any of this.
. I will patiently wait to hear back from you.” he nods, feeling sick to his stomach as he stands up, wanting to get out of this office – and, to be frank, of this whole city – as soon as possible. They shake hands, wish each other well, and then Tony quickly gains the exit of the building, forcing himself to not actually run.
“I’m not,” he admits now, hiding behind the shadow his cap throws over his eyes, “but there’s nothing you or Sam can do about it. It’s just the way it is.”
Steve throws a quick glance backwards to spot the damage, and he hears him sighing quietly: “Probably did it on purpose. I’ll try to get SHIELD to pay for it,” he then adds, as the idea suddenly hits him.
He stops, shakes his head to himself. He should have known better. Should have guessed that nothing could keep Steve from celebrating their anniversary together, cheesy at it might sound. And that’s not because he’s the romantic kind of guy – he really
“So what? I’m just supposed to stay here while you go… becoming best buddies with that poor excuse of a man? This is a joke.”
The change is so abrupt that turns Steve into a blabbering mess.
“Why’d you ask?”
It’s dark outside when he comes around, but at least the headache is gone and his body feels more responsive as if it was slowly going back to normal. Despite a sour aftertaste in his throat, the tube is gone and his mouth is more hydrated, not as pasty as before. When he tries to open his eyes, he’s able to do so without much trouble.
Maybe it’s the seriousness in his voice, maybe because he’s just used the nickname nobody else knows about except for them two, but Steve understands at once what he needs to do.
before it all went to shit – he had figured that their mutual pining was evidence enough that they simply couldn’t be angry at each other anymore, no matter what had happened between them. But then Thanos had snapped his fingers, thus pulverizing half of the universe, and everything had seemed so
The thought of seeing Steve again alleviates his next few days – albeit they seem to take double as long to be through – making the sequence of meetings he has to attend less tedious than usual and his confidence in their plan somehow stronger, although he still has plenty of doubts about it, same as the first time he actually heard it. Be that as it may, he keeps up both his official job and his
He knows he’s about to lose every last strand of control and rational thought he has, he can
“What? No. I mean, I
“Fear not, Hank Pym, for I am already aware of the situation, as my brother Loki is responsible for the theft. Together we shall bring him to justice!”
assume you’re the one paying, it sends the wrong vibe.
That was Tony’s voice, which in itself is a relief, because it means he’s safe, despite not being able to see properly and having a tube in his larynx. He gives a tentative nod, unsure if his movements are noticeable enough to the other.
“Just a bunch of robots, like Jocasta… Y’know, security reasons…”
Steve shakes his head, but a little smile creeps up on his lips nevertheless: “Well, thanks for the ride, I guess…”
clothes, before dismissing it with a grimace: the two of them are definitely not the same size, and most of all, the other man’s muscles would end up ripping the tight fit he likes for his own shirts in two.
“Tony…” is all that he manages to say, words escaping his brain as he takes in the whole setting.
How could he forget it?
http://marvel.wikia.com/wiki/Marcus_Kumar_(Earth-616)
this so badly that he’s beyond caring about the consequences. If he dies, so be it. Chances are nobody would ever know for sure anyway, and pretty soon people would just assume that he took off indefinitely. Would anyone remember him? Yeah, sure, for like a few years maybe. But give it a decade and nobody would lose a minute of sleep over his name. ‘Stark? Oh, yeah, I knew him once, giant pain in the ass, huge ego, did a tons of mistakes, nearly destroyed the planet more times that he saved it, it’s a tight race. He never knew when to stop. He probably killed himself or became a monk or something.’ He can see a conversation like that happening all too clearly.
As they fly back home, everyone is so cheerful and happy and generally glad to be alive; celebratory drinks get poured, songs get played, terrestrials and gods and aliens and talking animals united in a single, victorious sound. Except for him, of course. He tries to be one of them, tries to be how his
“Hm. What do
“Tony, I…”
As hoped, his algorithm works out perfectly fine even at the Pentagon – although for a split second the monitor froze, causing the guard to lift up his glance on him and Tony to wonder whether he should start running already – so, feeling all the better for it, he ends up spending the whole day uploading just about everything in his office to his own cloud. Once he gets back home, he uses the backdoor in the AP system to send the credentials over to Fury. “The game is on…” he says out loud to nobody in the room, leaning back on his chair and observing as the green progress bar slowly fills out in front of his eyes, a weird sense of peace swiftly nesting in his chest.
actually
Hearing his name slurred out in such pain hurts his heart more than the truth contained in his other words does. He turns to look at Steve, kissing his hand again, and runs his fingers through his short, blonde hair now sticky on the account of sweat and blood, sighing before answering: “Because at the end of the day, we were both foolish enough to believe the other would come around. And when neither of us did, we were just too damn proud to admit it wasn’t worth it.”
“You know that’s bad for you, right?” Steve asks him as he spots the drink into his hand, raising a brow.
He shakes his head as to keep these ideas out of his mind but it’s impossible, because he’s given this much more thought than he’d like to admit.
“Am I… supposed to ignore that?”
“Tony…”
“Yeah, well, welcome to the club. Things have
Something suddenly catches the corner of his eyes, shifting his focus back to the present time and his surroundings; there are a few more people in the queues now, six in total, but that’s not what has got his attention. He take a couple of steps on his left hand-side to get a closer look at the last person in the Miss Goodwin line, and immediately understands why his alarm bells went off.
“What do you mean?”
“You told me why, it was to protect the world…” the other mumbles, blinking with confusion.
anyway? It hasn’t been that long since I even
“Tony…?”
“Hm?”
he mentally corrects himself,
The revelation comes up casually one Saturday night, when the two of them are sitting on the sofa watching an old screwball comedy Tony has been bringing up so much that eventually Steve has agreed to see it.
. They had made love that night – it’d been slow and silent and sweet, one’s eyes fixed in the other’s at every second, impossible to look away, and for some reason it had felt like the first, except their real first had been all the opposite, rough and hungry because it had come after months of mutual pining, the two idiots they were refusing to believe what everyone else had already picked up on. In the aftermath of their love he had taken Tony into his arms, held him tight against his body sticky with sweat and the other’s sperm, kissed him softly, for a long time, and Tony instantly knew what that meant but didn’t have the guts to say it out loud, so just snuggled against him and closed his eyes, feeling calm and scared all at once. “I love you,” he had whispered at one point, just when he was about to fall asleep, and, although he’d thought he was already out, Tony had said it back without letting a second go by, those three simple words making his heart skipping a few beats not because it was the first time or unusual, but because they felt eternal right in that moment.
It’s not until a few days afterwards that he texts Steve to confirm their date, and not because it was all part of some sort of ‘waiting game’ or anything like that; to put it mildly, he just didn’t have time before. As the news of his comeback begun spreading, his phone and email got flooded with requests for interviews, comments, donations and so on, spanning from magazines to government agencies and charities; there are so many of them that FRIDAY goes in overload by the second day and he has to reprogram her almost from scratch to keep it from happening again. If this wasn’t enough, Peter texts him nonstop until he gives up and agrees to meet him, Happy shows up on his doorstep out of the blue and starts crying on his shoulder, Rhodey insists to throw him a ‘welcome back!’ party and Fury Skypes him every day at the exact same time to debrief him on everything he has seen in space, as if he was an undercover soldier who just got back from a mission.
“Jesus, Tony, I didn’t know… just how dramatic you can be sometimes…” a feeble voice says all of a sudden, and for the first few seconds he’s one hundred percent sure that he has imagined it. He must have, right? He blinks some wetness off his eyes before throwing a tentative glance upwards, and sure enough, Steve is attempting a smile in his direction.
“I wish I was… But listen to me, th—“
“Did it just…
But this time he’s the one being cut off, Steve’s voice covering his words in a rush that makes Tony understand the other didn’t even heard his question: “I love you too, oh my god, I had the weirdest—“
The soft snicker Fury comments his statement with makes him feel stupid, but now Steve realizes that he probably deserves it. And all of a sudden, a sequence of events spanning his whole life begins to form into his mind, pushing him to question
After what happens – after the funeral, when everybody goes back to whatever life can be lead now, pretending the last five years never happened, because for half of the global population they actually
somehow, although he can’t possibly comprehend the reason behind it.
“Say what?” the other replies, visibly puzzled.
him and
“Blow me,” he then hears his own voice demanding, almost muttered between his teeth, as if it was a challenge.
“So what? Look who’s available and—“
Tony nods and after throwing a quick glance to Steve just to check if he’s actually breathing he approaches Stephen, who has now conjured up some papers from god knows where. Magic is not Tony’s forte.
he shakes his head to himself, making a mental note to buy him a twenty-first century book on romantic language – god knows how much Steve needs it.
“I don’t actually know, I’m just enjoying the retired life, for now at least. Need time to figure out how I can be of service to the country again, because at the moment, it feels everything is just a big mess and I don’t recognize it anymore.” Steve sighs, shaking his head (more to himself than to Tony) and looking at the dark water on his left/ “But I’m good, I’m finally able to do what I wish I had the chance of doing when SHIELD fished me out of the ice.” Steve as feeling the other’s glance on himself: “Taking it easy.”
“You’re ridiculous…”
“Okay, I’ve got something…” he announces, taking off his mask as he’s not underwater anymore. The air that hits his lungs is so cold and pure that almost makes him choke when he draws that first breath.
“I swear to god, Nick, if you say ‘Congratulations’ I’m gonna punch you in the face.” he sighs, rubbing his eyes to try and get rid of some of the exhaustion he’s feeling, and not just because it’s the dead of the night.
, he tells himself,
?” he asks then, once he’s sure that he’s not indeed imagining the whole situation because, well, Steve is right in front of him.
. Oh, his father would have been furious about it, he has no doubts about this, and would even bet the old man did anything in his power to stop it. But who could have thought of such a thing? It doesn’t take him long to realize that was probably Pepper, or maybe Jim or Happy. Or maybe all three of them. And suddenly, like a big wave you don’t see coming, he get
“Sir, Captain Rogers has just entered the perimeter.”
“Yeah, that wasn’t my concern…” he snickers, but avoids telling the real reason out loud, because he knows the other wouldn’t get it.
, but still there is something in the way the other speaks that just makes him want to have
be. He could probably put it off for a couple of days if he wanted to – he’s positive she would understand – and if he still was the same man who took off a year ago he probably would, but the truth is, he’s not; space has changed him, he likes to think for the better. This time he doesn’t need to ask FRIDAY for a location, as Pepper has been keeping sending him regular emails providing updates on the Stark Industries: new projects, their stock market value, what the Roxxon has been up to and so on. In one of her last emails she even asked his opinion about moving the headquarters to New York: she didn’t quite go into details about the reasoning behind the move, and Tony didn’t ask, because to be perfectly blunt, he just didn’t care; after all, in case of emergency, he could get anywhere in just a couple of hours thanks to his suits.
about Fury’s plan (although in more than one occasion he has come very close to just blurt it all out to her).
important, you
, and, as he takes his leave, he can’t stop himself from thinking about all the times when Steve and he would lead the team into a fight with no fear in their heart, not just because what counted was to get the job done, but especially because they knew everyone had they backs, they worked so well together that they were like a perfect mechanism moving all at once. God, how he misses being part of
“Relax, it’s just me.” replies a familiar voice, and although he instinctively relaxes and a part of him is glad to hear a friendly sound, he can’t help but wishing he wasn’t there.
They smile at each other, and for a moment it’s like nothing has happened between them and they’re not in a stinky and cold hospital room where one of their lives is hanging by a thread. For a moment they are back at the mansion, sitting next to each other on the sofa in front of the TV, waiting for everyone else to go to sleep so they can cuddle and kiss and make love to forget about fighting criminals and evil masterminds and feel wholesome again. Then Steve starts coughing, his heart rate slightly increases and so does the blip on the monitor, and the moment passes but Tony doesn’t want to let it go, because the reality they live in now sucks and it could even get worse just with a snap of fingers.
started it. Being bossy and all.”
; it gets thrown around to every single meeting, in every document, every speech he hears politicians give to the crowd, almost as if only by repeating it over and over it could actually make things better, or be somehow true. “
, in case you forgot.” Sam remarks, and he nods in silent, a brief sting of pain shooting through his heart as recognizing that he’s not part of
“Oh, here you are, Tony. I was just about to come to you.”
But before he can raise any complains, Steve lifts up a hand to cover his mouth, smiling and shaking his head as if really needed to further underline his point.
, he thinks instantly, but his relief is very short lived.
“Stark, I’m serious. It wasn’t a coincidence that we found you. The Watcher summoned us, you’re needed back on Earth. Now.”
the other can be regarding certain things. Especially when it comes down to sentiments.
“… Is there supposed to be something that I can’t see?”
“Do you think I’ve got time for anything else?”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t realize you guys own space?” he replies, and by god his mouth is so not used to speak anymore that it aches a bit, and his voice sounds off, foreign to his own ears. He frowns as hearing it, thinking for a moment that someone else has spoken instead.
, that all of a sudden he didn’t see the point in having the conversation
. Ugh. Tony can’t imagine anything
. It’s not like the thought enters into his brain and then gets dismissed, it just doesn’t happen
So now, when he tells him about going off radar (for a while at least) only to get met with a strenuous effort to change his mind, his puzzlement enriches each of his words.
because he somewhat feels responsible. This is
“… Trees? Jarvis, are you sure they’re for us?”
He hangs up without even thanking him. His head is aching but is nothing compared to the sting of dull pain he feels in the left part of his chest.
,” he says, almost panting, snickering softly in slight disbelief.
he moans as touching them lightly, noticing just now how his knuckles bear a redness that is not usually there.
, he wonders,
Tony has not been surprised many times in his life – collateral damage for being too smart, he’s come to believe – but hearing these four words straight out Steve Rogers’s mouth flies right into the top position of the list. He had just opened the box and was looking at its content – something metallic – when his brain registers them, and for a split second the only thing he’s able to do is to keep staring at it, as he didn’t hear them
“I’m surprised they let you in,” he nods, shuffling himself up against the pillow.
“Which is why you’re not officially involved with this, Nick. Can’t risk a diplomatic incident, right?”
“I get that, but then you… found
“That’s not whom I talked to”
Steve’s smile grows a bit now and it becomes lighter, giving Tony the smallest flicker of hope in his heart; he stands up and heads to the sink nearby, fishing a handkerchief from his pocket and letting some cold water on it before going back to his seat. He moves the chair closer to the bed and then carefully and gently starts cleaning up Steve’s face, trying to be as delicate as he possibly can.
Steve sighs deeply and yawns, moving a bit underneath the duvet, lazily, as if he really didn’t want to hear it, not in the middle of a cold night anyway; he’s about to say that when his brain suddenly starts working again.
Once they’re back in Steve’s room, Tony tells him without much hinting or half-words to undress, and ignoring Steve’s complain for privacy, he heads towards his wardrobe and opens its doors, inspecting carefully its content. To put it gently, it’s out of fashion. To tell the truth, the sight only is plain unbearable: most of his clothes are gym pants and t-shirts, and the few complete outfits he manages to spot seem to have been in this closet for the vast majority of the past two decades. Oh yeah, this is going to be much harder than anticipated. For a wild moment, he even entertains the idea of lending him some of
“Fantastic, me neither! And I could use some fresh air, so you’re on. I’ll see you down the lobby in an hour.” Steve has the expression of someone who has just been picked up by a twister and deposited in Oz land; he opens his mouth, trying to find something to object with, but before he can come up with anything Tony talks again: “On second thoughts, come to my room, let’s see what you’ve got. Don’t worry about flowers for now.”
“Do… what here, exactly?”
to do, not really, but he’s decided to bait the other man out now because he feels he can use it, for once. Steve is always so
“I did it so you wouldn’t
“I can, and I’m doing it. If you don’t like it, you can take it up to my superior. He’s the President of the United States.” he replies tersely, and ignoring the expression of disbelief on the other man’s face, he opens the door and gets inside the room, closing the door behind himself and locking it.
Two people get a job done in half the time, and having his best pal with him allows Tony a more than welcome distraction from his own mind. About an hour and a half later everything is either securely packed up and ready for the storage or messily thrown in a tall pile by the door, waiting to be disposed of. While Rhodey begins the first of a few trips to move the boxes from the room to the garage downstairs, Tony does a quick survey of his surroundings, a vague sense of uneasiness and melancholy slowly making his way inside his bones as he looks at the now empty bedroom. He shouldn’t feel like this – after all the time he has spent here has been really brief (and sad for the most part) compared to what used to be his studio in the Avengers Tower – but still something about it makes it feel so…
“In the hangar, I gue— woah, what are you
“Ah-ha, don’t even say that out loud. Like,
“What do you have in mind?”
He chuckles lightly, and it’s a contagious sound because Steve joins in, a bit flustered on his cheeks, not even trying to deny it because he knows when to admit defeat.
“Expect a call from your bestie, General Ross. He’s real mad at me so chances are he’ll go easy on you. Take care of yourself, Rogers. Take care of the Avengers.”
Once he’s in front of the conference room, he knocks politely on the door whilst trying to hide the idiotic smile now flashing hopelessly on his lips: he passes a hand over his face, rubbing his fingers on them, and even bites the inside of his cheek, but it’s all pointless, the smile stays on.
?” replies Clint, narrowing his eyes with suspicion, and right now Tony becomes fully aware this is not going to go down easily.
He doesn’t know what to reply. For once in his life, he can’t find anything worth saying, not after what the other has just told him anyway. For a couple of interminable seconds, all he manages to do is staring into those navy eyes, trying desperately to believe them. But as it turns out, he doesn’t
it now, the resource problem Thanos got so fucked up about, the answer might already be on Earth, what we’ve done with clean energy, the arc reactor, we were getting close but I think I know what to do when I get back. I mean, shit, Steve, if I can get this right it won’t just be Earth, we can bring it to space, we can help other planets, hell, maybe the whole goddamn
,” Tony breathed.
“You planned this,” he said accusingly, but he already knew.
“This is madness, Rogers,” Thor bellowed. “You must stop.”
earned him teeth.
“Private island,” Tony said. He gestured vaguely at the freezer. “Food, if you’re hungry,” he stated. “TV works, if you’re bored.” He could have been reciting the dictionary, for all the life in his voice.
“You’re right,” Tony said. “I’ll go.”
, running out the door and back towards the stairs.
“Okay, I get it, I believe you,” Steve said desperately. “But please, Tony, just… can you talk to me?” Tony shook his head, pressing his lips together, but this time Steve was determined to wait out the silence; eventually the other man sighed in defeat.
“Tony,” he blurted out, eyes wide in sudden panic, “I don’t want to go-”
A fuzzy-edged Tony had taken his hand again, and Steve looked away for some strategic blinking. “If the serum can fix people…” he started.
a fucking asshole, you know that, Rogers?”
The other man swung round, lips sneered, as if the very sight of Tony offended him. “I thought you wanted to get me home,
As the minutes snarled into hours, he pitched his every thought against the silence, watching Steve cling to the thread of his voice despite the worsening cough, the growing rattle in his chest, the fever sweat on his brow. On and on, Tony spoke, without pause, baring his soul without any care for the medical team’s presence. Steve needed his words, he knew; silence was danger, and so he kept chattering, on and on. Before Ty, he would have easily gone on for hours. These days, he was not prepared, but even as his voice began to fade into a painful rasp, Tony refused to quit, finding himself lapsing into Italian lullabies, raking his memory for the childhood comforts he’d once flung aside in furious grief.
“I never told him how I felt,” he says eventually. “It was never… There was just never a good time. Not for us. And for a long time I was so sure he already knew. But now… I don’t think he did. I think it might have changed everything, if he’d known.” Steve shivers, remembering the cold after the battlefield. “Losing him was the hardest thing I’ve ever had to live through. Much worse than losing half the universe. I know it’s selfish, but I couldn’t bear the thought that he died thinking we were just colleagues. Barely even friends. When truth was, he meant the world to me.”
“And then, Siberia,” Tony said, following this new configuration through to the end. The blank look on Steve’s face that Tony had read as detachment, the denial that Tony had heard as lies. The raw emotion in Steve’s eyes as he’d walked away, which Tony had spent years believing was his latent contempt for Tony, finally given the excuse to be unleashed.
Tony looked away, cleared his throat. “Misery felt… appropriate.”
And Steve’s eyes darkened again, his lips quirking upward, and then - oh my god - the other man was squeezing Tony’s dick through his pants, caressing him with fingers that were anything but shy; this time Tony was the one to whine - out loud, like a
“And I shouldn’t have assumed the worst,” Steve countered, then stole a deep breath from the mask. “But if that night wasn’t supposed to be revenge… what happened?”
- and he couldn’t even be embarrassed.
After the rogue Avengers are pardoned, they visit New York. It’s not home, not anymore, but it’ll do. They pick 4th July to officially retire. The world goes on, oblivious. Steve is glad. Tony is glad.
before.
. “Five stars, usually.”
“That, uhhh- that’s some pretty big talk you got there, Rogers,” Tony babbled weakly just to make noise, his last brain cell having evidently quit to join the rest on some other better plane of existence, goodbye and good riddance.
Nat stuck out her tongue at him, then refocused her attention on the twins, asking them to explain what they were doing, then joining them on the floor to inspect their work. Drawing a line through any further conversation.
And so he took a deep breath and teased right back. “Oh, something tells me you already want me in your pants,” Steve said, dropping his voice low and directing a pointed gaze to the bulge visible at Tony’s groin. Unexpectedly, Tony blushed.
“Should I ask or will you tell me?” Tony said quietly.
Hovering above the Sanctum’s rooftop, the blank planes of Iron Man’s mask leered back at him. “Oh, gee, is
“You’re late, Cap,” he says but even as he’s pushing out a chair with his foot Tony’s blood is running cold because something is wrong, something in the way Rogers is standing is all wrong and his hair is wrong and
said comic books’ before he signaled Friday to hang up.
Tony looked up to the torment above, studied the cracked destruction slowly seeping to each corner of the sky. Steve thought it was every bit as ugly as the intent that had created it.
“Shuri is investigating,” T’Challa said. He and Okoye spoke then, hashing out details of necessary schedule changes as they walked, not too fast, to the rooftop airstrip. Tony tuned it all out, drifting in a cold bubble of unreality. Bruce was back. Thor was back. Asgard was gone. Earth was next-
/antɪsɪˈpeɪʃ(ə)n/
Even as Rogers went down with a surprised yelp, Tony was darting forward to draw the alien’s fire, but before he could land a hit, Thanos’ head began to snap back and forth as if from unseen blows. Hope and Scott, Tony realized, the relief flooding through him doubling when Friday was finally able to triangulate their signatures. With the AI’s help, Tony began to weave his attacks in harmony with theirs, working together to beat Thanos back.
At first, the tycoon had called it ‘media training’. Tony preferred to call it ridiculous, but he soon found that the better he complied, the more time Ty would allow him in the workshop alone; after a while it was easier not to resist. Yet as the months went on, the sessions got longer and more exhausting, Ty claiming the increased media scrutiny after he announced their wedding meant Tony had to work even harder. The tycoon would tear apart every public appearance he made, confront him with every paparazzi shot, spend hours hunting for a moment where Tony was not performing his role of devoted fiancé to perfection. Given Ty’s swarm of tabloid locusts would follow him every time he left the mansion and the prospect of further ‘training’ on his return, Tony’s math had begun to swing in favor of just staying home.
“You’re safe now,” comes the laconic reply, and before he can object to that, the man continues: “We have a few urgent questions, if you don’t m–“
Steve blushes strongly now, and hurries to divert his gaze somewhere else, evading the implied question as he puts the last touches down on the paper: “I didn’t say you’re not in the picture though. Look…” he offers, turning the sketch to show him: it’s them dancing together in a room full of people, and although it’s been nearly three years, he recognizes immediately the dancehall around them as the one they first met at. Again Tony finds himself short of words – seems to becoming yet another habit when Steve is around – his brain incapable of formulating a single thought. So he sits down, back against the wooden headboard, and pats the spot right next to him to invite Steve to sit there, which he does.
“Sure, why not?” he replies with a small smirk, nodding and starting to walk quietly. The evening is slightly colder than the last time, and when he looks up at the sky, he notices dark, heavy clouds above them, threatening rain. “I hope it won’t start until we’re back…” he mutters, mostly to himself, not wanting his clothes to get wet – he
Okay, so, the good news is that this is, indeed, an Avengers gig, which honestly, is already making him feel much better, despite the slight oddness due to the fact that it appears T’Challa is the one
“Yes?”
“What do you want?” Tony grumbles without turning – he’d recognize that hold, that
Steve shakes his head and giggles again, putting down the menu and glancing over to him, his eyes seemingly reading right through his mind.
“Answer is same as few hours ago. No doubts in my mind. Wanna grab a seat?”
“To-To----- Medic----- Help----- L-Long-----“
“What job? Listen, I don’t know what you’ve heard – or read – but I’m
“What the fuck, Nick? You left me on my own without even a warning! How can you possibly think this is a good way to handle this fucking situation?”
“Stark, you know I can’t give you that information, it’s for everyone’s sake…”
“I can’t believe we’re gonna stay idle when this shit goes down, it’s people’s lives at risk here…”
At 7:15pm of the following day, Tony makes his way to the rooftop of the restaurant, feeling like an idiot and starting to wonder whether this was indeed a good idea. He seriously had to fight the impulse of wearing a traditional suit (the easy and less problematic choice but, of course, he’s pretty sure that would have embarrassed Steve beyond measure) so, after almost an hour of trying, he finally settled for a more practical look with black chinos and a white shirt without a tie (another difficult decision), the first two buttons undone just to reiterate the casual vibe he’s going for. Still, these fifteen minutes of waiting around are proving to be a real headscratcher: he keeps looking down at his clothes, feeling weird and out of place, wishing he had indeed opted for the suit because it’s what makes him comfortable, what he is used to whenever is in public, or dining out. Appearances, right? They are important, don’t believe what hippies say. If you
. I’ll be your friend and your family, if you want me to. I’ll be your safe port whenever you feel lost. I’ll be your
think it is.” he pauses, thinks it over, then retraces his steps: “Actually, you probably won’t be able to tell me the name you prefer for your A.I., so if you can think of one now, otherwise you’ll have to be happy with whatever I come up with…”
for some reason, as if they only get a
“You can’t… know that for sure…” Steve replies, smiling softly nevertheless. Tony’s heart skips a beat.
“You’ve become such a wimp, Stark, get a grip of yourself! You’re acting like you’re the only one doing any work!”
“Steve? Steve, wake up…” he whispers, and his voice sounds weird and way too low for his liking, making him realize just how
Not here, not now, anyway.
“So, do you guys believe we’re really gonna manage to pull this off?”
,” Steve intervenes now, feeling uneasiness in his chest, for this is the sort of trick the military would pull. And he was
“Steve? Tony? Can you hear me? The explosion threw us apart but Bruce, Hank and I are all fine. What about you guys?”
“Duck!” he screams again, and this time Steve looks around before he actually replies, because he can’t make sense of what his ears are hearing; when he sees him, trembling but asleep, he shakes him gently, talking in a soft voice.
“Woah, wait, that’s someone who actually
This is a lie - he knows Tony has been avoiding him, although he can’t quite understand why - yet he’s actually doubtful that the other would have found his new hobby any fascinating.
He swipes left and the video feed ends.
. “Second, and most importantly, this is a date, remember? I know it’s hard to forget I’m Tony Stark, aka Iron Man, but
When he had glanced back at this secret project of his, he instantly knew what needed to be done. So he tinkered and tinkered, hours on hours spent in his lab, sleepless nights in which coffee was all he required to keep working, on and on until the project was completed. Now it’s incorporated into his reactor, so that nothing
“S-Steve?” he mumbles, his mouth dry and his throat swollen so much that it’s painful to speak. For someone who is used to talk a great deal, this revelation is maybe even scarier than anything else.
to come up with a strategy based on what he knows about Loki and his powers – Thor had been somewhat useful in this regard, if you had the patience to sit through the first ten minutes of rambling – but inevitably his thoughts keep drifting off to the man next to him. How
“Listen, Eyepatch, you were looking for the tenth ring when you found me, right?”
, Steve wonders to himself, although he doesn’t dare saying it out loud. Instead he stays there, silent, and Tony wishes he would leave already but he doesn’t, it’s like he’s paralyzed, so he just ignores him (or
“Dunno. You look like a Steve. Do I look like a Mark?”
He frowns, because this is decisively
Now that the helicopter is gone, Tony has no excuses to not look at his date, and when he does, he can’t help but feeling his stomach turning upside down: Steve is… well, he’s
, nobody can know. It’s a matter of… national security.”
, which is definitely not a common feeling for Tony.
“Well, it’d be better for you to
“What the hell did you go to the Moon for?”
. “Anyway, I believe I owe you an apology. Now, if you were awake you’d stop me right this second and say something like, ‘Forget about it, Tony, it’s water under the bridge’, and I’d jump straight at that because we both know how awkward we get whenever we try to have a conversation about feelings… But seeing you can’t talk right now, I guess this is my chance to finally tell you something I’ve been meaning to for quite a while, but never… um, got around to actually do it.” Yeah, he knows what he wants –
“I can, and I get it,” the other replies, and for a second Steve thinks he has managed to convince him. But then the sentence continues: “You have my solidarity, but it doesn’t change anything. You’re staying.”
. Fingers tapping restlessly on the table, eyes fixed on the small blue circle that keeps rotating in the middle of the screen, he can’t help the hundreds of doubts which are now flooding him. What if he made a mistake in his calculations? What if his suppositions were wrong? Or his plan had flaws he had simply been too
“Yeah, Sancus said the same thing.” he heard Steve distinctively smiling as pronouncing that weird name, and that brought a smile on his own lips. “Take care, Shellhead.”
, he recognizes in a defeated tone, feeling the sudden urge to be alone, even if just for five minutes, because this has really got to him, way more than it should have. He wishes he could hear Steve’s voice, tell him about his thoughts and emotions, ask him for advice not because the other would particularly know what to do in this situation but simply because he knows Tony and his way of thinking, he knows his
. Steve had been holding his breath since hearing Tony call his name, part of him expecting some sort of confession, part of him dreading a different kind of talk. He’s been in love before, of course he has, and yet this feels like nothing he’s ever experienced already, whatever
He shrugs lightly, shaking his head, actually perplexed as what the big deal is: “I don’t. Must have had a drink too many, I—“
Pepper stays silent for a bit, just staring at him, to the point that Tony starts wondering whether she’s planning of throwing something at him, although he can’t see what that could possibly be, except for the laptop, maybe. But she wouldn’t risk the documents on it just to prove a point – she’s not
For sure Steve is about to reply something along those lines as he lifts up the oxygen mask from his mouth and pulls it on the side, but this time is Tony who beats him to it, leaning his lips on his and leaving a small kiss on them, closing his eyes and staying there, unable to let them (or him) go. Much to his surprise, not only Steve doesn’t turn his face away, but he even returns the kiss, one of his hands leaning against Tony’s unshaved cheek.
“Pull what off? This is just a fake date, Tony told you that, right? I mean… You lad—“
He stands up, sits on the edge of the bed and before Steve can say anything to try and stop him he’s lying down next to him with slow and delicate movements, trying not to brush against his wounded body. When he sees the other man lifting up the mask again, he pushes it gently down and shakes his head.
. I’ve seen what you’ve been doing with the Parker boy, there are others like him who could really use your help.”
“Tony, shut up, will you? I don’t want to hear your non-sense ramblings on Christmas Eve. Which reminds me, I’ve got something for you. Can you close your eyes, please?” But instead of doing that, Steve hears him trying to talk against his hand, so he takes it away, rolling his eyes and cocking a brow: “What is it?”
it. FRIDAY? Play something suitable for a Saturday evening.”
asked me out, I figured, why not?”
, dude. We don’t even know whether we’re actually gonna manage to get through a meal without being called away…” he offers, although the real answer would have been that giving him more warning also meant more overthinking from Steve’s part, a risk he is not willing to take.
Tony closes briefly his eyes, wanting so
“You’re kidding me.” Out of every scenario that he has been imagining for these past few weeks, it had never entered into his mind that it could be something so…
Steve gives him a look that is half confused half surprised before pulling his phone out of his pocket, quickly typing in something and showing it to him: “I don’t know then. Maybe they changed it because it sounded better?”
Of course Tony knows it, but the situation was too good not to take full advantage of; he winks at Steve, opening up in a kind grin as adding, just to be on the safe side: “Relax, Winghead, I was just kidding.”
But then the radio starts spitting out Nat’s voice in brief and broken statics, and Tony understands that no, he wasn’t actually overreaching.
“You can’t be serious…” Rhodey looks mesmerized at his friend, shaking his head: “What, are you stalking him now?”
“None taken, and I do too.”
“Look who’s up already!,” Tony’s voice greets him, forcing him out of his chain of thought.
“What do you mean, Captain America?”
Steve doesn’t have any first hand experience with the gay scene – not just because he hates labels, but mostly because he’s never needed to, as people he’s been intimate with… well,
be early, people might think you’re des—“ he starts off as he opens the door, but he stops immediately as his eyes fall on Steve, standing there in his
He doesn’t look for Tony, and it seems like Tony doesn’t either, although Steve he’s one hundred per cent sure the other is around. It’s like he can spot his shadow without actually seeing him. From time to time he wonders about the reason for such odd behaviour, but he figures the best thing he can do is leaving the other to it. You can’t make Tony Stark do anything he doesn’t feel like doing.
Before Thanos happened, before he saw Peter turning into dust while he was holding him, Tony would have pulled Steve inside his room for a brief moment to kiss him good luck, and the other would have complained and rolled his eyes at him because ‘
Steve offers him a smile – small but honest, all that he can manage – and gives a brief nod. The words that follow are not exactly
“I know that…”
make me happy, Tony, even when I can’t stand the sight of you. Even then, I’m glad you’re in my life because you’ve become a guiding sign for me, believe it or not. And I know this is nothing new to you, I know
“F-Fuck…” Mark groans, but before Steve can grow concerned, the other adds: “I
Those words direct his gaze downwards, where he sees how fast his right leg is moving up and down. He wasn’t even aware he was doing it.
to have a proper chat…” Steve sighs, shooting him an almost begging glance.
“I can’t believe I’m doing this…”
the kind he has in mind, it’s
“It was
“Hey, listen to me. We got into a fight last night, while we were at the shelter. I went out to check something on my phone – the signal is atrocious in there – and then I saw these guys trying to sell drugs to a kid, so I tried to stop them, but… well, I’m quite sure they were Inhumans – or maybe Skrulls, I don’t know – because their punches…” he shakes his head to himself and takes a breath, mostly because he’s been talking like in apnea and now he’s slightly panting. He looks at Steve, hoping his rambling made it clear he isn’t
As to follow a secret code, Tony stands up, announcing that he needs a toilet break, and heads towards the restroom, but it’s not long until a sniff of familiar perfume gets to his nostrils, giving him a heads-up before Carol materializes by his side.
“I don’t need an explanation, my answer won’t change.”
– is about to come out of it, and he doesn’t like it one bit. His body automatically moves to protect the other whilst the private reaches out for her gun, reading his movement right. The second after, Loki makes his entrance, nonchalantly, although he stops almost immediately when he realizes he’s not alone as he expected to be.
“Hey, but this... this is a sushi restaurant...” Steve whispers to him as they make their way between the two row of tables, a slight note of panic in his voice.
this was different.
“We’ll wear disguises. I’ll shave – I know
Much to his own surprise, his first thought the morning after is about the trees. How are they? Did he do a good enough job? Jarvis mentioned something about a fertilizer or a similar growth help, which he would like to get. He researches local gardening centres whilst having breakfast, but there is one just across the river in New Jersey that has decidedly better reviews, so he decides it’s worth a visit, especially since he doesn’t really have anything else on his plate. Without realising it, he ends up spending the biggest part of the day there, looking at plants and trees, chatting with fellow gardening aficionados and asking all sorts of questions to the experts.
“Oh, I don’t think your pride can take that answer…”
, Tony feels his ability to keep awake will soon run out, because by now his eyes are incapable of focusing, no matter how hard he tries, and shivers are constantly running all along his limbs.
“Hard to say, depending on how the reception is once it’s pointed down and how far from here it is. But I guess enough for us to go back to sleep. Sorry about the wall by the way. Loki really didn’t need to do such a mess.”
“Ants? Oh no, are you s—“ he panics for a moment, looking around to spot the insects, only realizing a fraction of a second too late that it had been a sarcastic line. “Ah-ha. Very funny…” he shakes his head, putting down the pot on the table. “Well, I didn’t think you’d be interested. Plus, to be fair, I haven’t seen you around in the last month or so. Thought you  had decided to take a holiday or something…”
, Mr. Stark?”
. Just… not now, okay? I can’t formulate a simple coherent thought as it is, let alone having some sort of… philosophical discussion with you about life, love and death.”
“You don’t understand, there’s no su—“
a privacy violation.”
“Okay, that’s enough,” Tony intervenes again now, when it’s clear that this is not going to have a peaceful resolution, “Sir, I’m gonna have to ask you to s—“
once the situation at home improves, right? And there are the problems we’ve talked about too. So really, this is perfect. And I’m enjoying crafting stuff like that” he adds, nodding at the crowns “I was really missing it.”
He’s not sure what he’d do, but he hopes it won’t come down to find it out.
– but he can’t stay
“How was I supposed to do that in just a few days?”
“What is this, Sam?”
Steve has never taken a decision more quickly in his whole life. The moment Anthony collapses in his arms, his brain already knows what he’s going to do next. The original mission can wait, the important thing is to get the guy to a hospital as soon as possible. Steve carefully slips a mask connected to an oxygen tank over Anthony’s head, and carries him back to the submarine, leaving Thor and Hulk in charge of bringing the Iron Man suit back to their vehicle. Half an hour later, they’re sprinting all the way back to Punta Arenas, where their jet is located, and from there it’s just a couple of hours more till they reach the helicarrier. Fury is on the lunch pad to greet them as soon as they step out of their jet, but right now Steve doesn’t care about anything else except getting Anthony to sick bay so, although he’s submerged with questions, he plainly ignores them all, locking himself into a silence that nobody can break. The first words that he speaks come out only once he’s reached the medical wing, and they’re directed to the doctor on shift.
when I started…” Steve claims, not sounding too convincing. “Why are you here?”
“Yeah, well… Someone had to do it, right?” he shrugs as to say that’s not a big deal, but Rhodey knows him too well to just believe that.
about this? Do they work with you or something? Office romances often don’t end up well…”
“Uh, I guess I was in a fight…” he replies before too long, waving a dismissive hand in the air and letting himself slouch on the nearest free chair. He throws a quick look around the table to see who else is in the room and is more than surprised to see Jen Walters in there, but even more so when his eyes land on Thor. “Woah, dude, what happened to your
Tony sighs, rubbing his forehead and looking away to hide the embarrassment he’s feeling. Because yeah, normally he doesn’t use first names, especially not for
“Uh, I actually thought, I could send some of my drones instead. It’ll be way cheaper and more efficient, and I can program them to respond to specific situations.”
Unbeknown to Fury, Tony has been in regular contact with the Wakandan king, mostly for diplomatic reasons but also for a more personal need of talking to someone whilst he’s in his office, to ask for advice on political strategies and, generally speaking, to hear a friendly voice. Plus, just a couple of weeks before, he had passed on information regarding a military strike the US was planning on a foreign country in which he knew for a fact there were some Wakandan diplomats working.
, not for now at least, and that makes him realize for the first time just how much he misses the old days and the old team, people he considered close friends and sometimes even family, even before Steve and he started to hook up. Will they ever be like that again? Tony doesn’t know, although he surely
“How did you get here so
There’s a moment of absolute stillness in which neither of them speak or move, one out of breath for how
the walls of this room are, how there’s almost no furniture around and no laptop in sight. He frowns, turning his attention to Fury again: “Are you… on the run?”
“Let me explain…”
They’ve arrived to the garage now, and Tony hurries to a wall in the far end, types in a numerical code and waits as the shutter rolls up, revealing a storage room. He puts the boxes on the ground, slightly out of breath, and double taps his reactor again so that the suit can retire back into it. He dries up the bit of sweat from his forehead and sighs deeply, thinking that at least he’s done everything he needed to do without that highly feared encounter.
Tony backed away, brutally aware of how useless he was, but unable to stop staring, because what if… Wilson took him by the arm, guided him to sit on a bench a short distance from Steve’s cubicle, still close enough to keep his watch. The new woman, Carol, had been standing at a respectful distance with Hope and Scott, but she approached now. She was no longer glowing, and some distant part of Tony wondered if the effect was something she had to turn off or turn on.
Earth couldn’t afford the hit if he took Captain America down with him.
doing things than doing things, right? It’s kinda more your style. Not changing, not quitting. Not
He seemed to accept the excuse. “I was watching you,” he said, voice dropping low, husky. “You look so good on TV, babe.”
It was Tony.
That’s when Steve began to scream, wrenching his body in impossible contortions, desperate to escape, to run to him, to stop what was coming. “Tony… Don’t you dare do this… Tony
Tony flinched, the ramifications of her words an avalanche through his head.
There was a green flare, and Tony-
“No, no, hey, I’m happy to help out anytime-” the kid insisted miserably from behind them, but the lingering battle-rush had already sent the situation rocketing towards dangerous and Stark was squaring up to Steve like it was their first fight on the Helicarrier all over again.
He’d assumed he was healing.
T’Challa looked out the window. “We are departing. You may get some rest if you wish, Stark.”
Barnes shrugged. “I like space stuff. Nakia gave me her old books. Said they were classics.”
…but then what the hell had they shared these past six months?
Ty sneered, his usual cold smirk slipping back in place. “Anthony needed to be taught a lesson,” he said. “Would you like to see our lessons, Captain?”
“Good,” Steve said, then looked towards their next problem. Tony followed his gaze, his tension evident. Steve hesitated. “You don’t have to come with me.” The billionaire flicked a glance back at him, a quirk of his lips showing his displeasure at that idea. Oops. Steve spread his hands in surrender. “Just throwing it out there.”
Waking in a sea of stars, Steve’s first thought was that yet again, he was destroyed.
“You were snoring,” Steve said, still happily sketching.
, Steve thought.
When Steve wakes at noon, he’s already gone.
He had to get
Steve stepped towards Tony, still desperately trying to find words to apologize, but instead of saying anything he was taking the other man in his arms and then Steve was kissing Tony and he was-
Already halfway out of the room, Tony spluttered a laugh. Forget snark, the AI was becoming a downright sass machine. “Will do.”
A few minutes later, Nebula announced it was time to disembark, and, still attuned as one, they broke the circle, busying themselves with their individual equipment. No one said anything, because nothing needed to be said.
Steve cleared his throat. “Can I ask you something, Tony?” He sounded upset, but Tony didn’t dare look at him.
His friend snorted and clapped him on the back. “Great, cos I’m kinda not in the mood to whoop your ass again.”
“Can you two step back and let me get on with this?” Nebula complained. Oh right. Potential instant death looming, if the Gauntlet failed. Tony had nearly forgotten that part, and he considered summoning his suit, but this close, it wouldn’t make much difference. He did briefly regret that Steve was not on the
,” Tony whispered, gripping Steve’s hand tighter. “Don’t you- you
But landing without detection was the first and most critical step. Thankfully the Wakandan stealth shield Shuri had developed had suitably impressed both Rocket and Nebula, enough for them to spend a week outfitting the
“Oh, you’re old friends?” Bruce asked.
“Ah, sweet Anthony, I’ve missed you,” Ty said, laughing, his voice dropping low. “Come upstairs, I’ll be waiting.”
“I’ve been better,” Steve admitted. “How long was I-?” His voice failed and he coughed to clear his throat; this triggered a full hacking spasm which should have set his entire torso ablaze in agony, but instead Steve felt just an odd straining pressure across his chest.
She sounded calm, but Tony looked scared, and Steve felt the stars murmur a warning, cold dread seeping through his insides. “But Tony?” he asked desperately. “What about Tony?”
For many days, Earth’s defenders debated over the merits of keeping the Reality Stone if it could still undo future deaths among enhanced beings, but eventually all agreed a death cure would pose too tempting a proposition for other alien superpowers, and would thereby make Earth a target once more. With Vision safely adapted to tiny arc-reactor tech, Wanda and Carol were free to combine their powers and destroy the Reality Stone along with the Mind, Space and Power Stones.
This time, he would prove Zemo wrong.
“I dreamed of her,” the other man said, misery written across his whole body.
Beyond care for his dignity, Tony giggled in delight. “Wakanda forever.”
Truth was truth, even when it was hard. “I never hated you, Steve,” Tony said softly. “I tried. Believe me, I tried. And to be honest, I wish I’d succeeded, because not hating you kinda fucked me up. There’s always been this idiot schoolkid part of me that wants to worship you, that still thinks Captain America could never be wrong. So if Steve Rogers himself didn’t trust me, if you thought I wasn’t good enough to be your friend, then it had to be because I wasn’t worthy.”
He really shouldn’t be encouraging such behavior, could see in his mind a dozen ways it could all turn to horror, but Steve decided not to intervene. Instead, lying back in the golden light, he let himself savor the love stampeding like a wild thing through his home, this one jeweled moment within infinity.
Tony followed his gaze and was shocked to notice his hand was already trembling. Well. That was embarrassing. He grabbed more toast instead and shrugged at Steve, pretending nonchalance. The super-soldier was not fooled, narrowing his eyes at Tony, but he did eventually look away.
“It’s something like a mess hall,” Rhodey confirmed. “We’re free to use it between scheduled meals.”
“You could have died, Tony,” Steve said, his voice oddly flat. “Again.”
- “Tony? Are you-”
“It turns out, “ Tony said, trying for calm but failing miserably, “that I really,
“Shuri, this isn’t over,” Tony said. “There may be a way to undo all of this.”
When his breathing had settled, Tony pulled back slightly; Steve gazed down at him, patient and sure.
Finding out that Steve was this close to breaking - had maybe been broken, unnoticed, for a while - was like watching the world end all over again.
Steve bared his teeth, nodding towards Ty’s chest. “Check your pocket.”
By unanimous private consensus, the launch ceremony was itself just a formality, and the space network had been secretly up and running for the past week. Better to avoid embarrassing mishaps when broadcasting live on global TV, Tony knew. The public needed to feel secure in their planetary defenses almost as much as the defenses had to actually be secure. It was the same reason they had built a showy central headquarters in San Francisco, despite the fact the system’s diffused network could be accessed from anywhere as needed. The pageantry had its own function.
For one teetering moment, the Captain protested, denied; then everything in Steve ignited, defied; shut out everything but Tony; his Tony. He opened to the kiss, wanting to be gentle but Tony was pressing so close, demanding to erase every last line left between them. This, Steve thought. Raw with greed, he pulled Tony into his lap but lost his balance, plunging them both into the shallow water; Tony surged closer, pinned under him; eager, fire, alive. Desire was a supernova, and Steve felt his heart blooming with infinite need; his body craving more, so much more than this one taste of everything he’d ever wanted; his mind drunk on the possibilities he’d twice now believed were lost to him forever.
Tony rolled his head to glare at her. “Are you officially my nurse? As in, you’re at work right now, right?”
That was unexpected, but good.
,” he said; he watched in awe as Steve Rogers smiled with his whole soul, his face lit up like a goddamn fireworks display, and if there was ever going to be a more beautiful sight in the universe then Tony had no interest in seeing it.
“Maybe not,” Tony and Bruce said in unison. Bruce caught his eye, grinning. God, how Tony had missed him. He gestured for Bruce to go ahead.
The scientist leaned forward. “Vision’s mind is made up of a complex overlay of multiple parts, kinda like how a human brain is itself a synthesis between remnant reptile systems and the more recently evolved mammalian system. The Mind Stone was needed at first to give him the kind of raw processing power that we find in infants, which worked well enough to create a truly new type of life. But Vision’s brain has spent the past two years laying down neurological patterns, basically solidifying its own independent structure. If we can bypass the Mind Stone as an energy source while preserving his synaptic patterns, we should be able to extract the Stone while leaving his cognitive abilities intact.”
“Tony!” Wilson was gripping his shoulder. “Focus, okay? Steve needs you. Can you help him?” The other man was blurry but he sounded scared.
But when he looked across the room, the super-soldier was nowhere to be seen and Tony found himself on his feet, immediately launched into full panic mode. Everyone around fell ominously silent, then burst into action, Nat demanding answers on who saw him last. Tony shut it all out, taking a few staggering steps towards the door, cursing his body for failing to
/ənʌɪɪˈleɪʃ(ə)n/
About Steve, Tony understood. Wilson had been a medic, had watched men die in the field. Wilson would know what to say. When to fear. How to hope. He would know everything Tony didn’t- couldn’t-
“I don’t know, Steve,” the other man said softly. His eyes were uncertain behind the glass. Haunted. “Sounded pretty accurate to me.”
But this wasn’t the time to pick a fight, so Steve just shook his head and said nothing.
“You do?” Tony asked, surprised. Even he didn’t really know anymore. There’d been so many minor injuries over the years; even the major ones had started to blur together.
Instead Tony watched Steve from afar while wearing his best party face, jibed and fooled as he usually did, but as the hours wore on, even he could feel his efforts falter. By the time the kitchen delivered a late roast supper he was about ready to quit and go to bed; luckily, Barton volunteered to go fetch them all a round of food, so Tony didn’t have to get up. Unluckily, Nat took his chair to sit beside Tony, and he braced himself for the inevitable interrogation. How like her to wait until he was exhausted, then pounce.
Just about.
“And gee, you got me a whole extra day to go swoosh-swoosh on the merry-go-round,” Tony cooed. “Thanks, Captain Au-pair-ica.” Which was probably the weakest joke he’d ever made in his life and made them both pull appropriately appalled faces, but at least it also made Steve laugh.
Bruce, on the other hand, is frowning. “What makes you think this Thanos would be affected now instead of 2023?”
Tony raised an eyebrow. “Why?”
He wanted to protest, but she cut him off. “No, you need to hear this. After you left me in New York, I went home, I watched the news, and I cried. But then I had a moment where I realized, actually, I was okay. Whenever you leave me behind, I’m sad, I’m angry, but I’m okay. And that’s when I took off my ring, Tony, because I realized, I wanted us to fit together. I wanted you, so much. But I don’t actually
And now, Steve Rogers had asked an impossible question, shattering everything he thought he knew of their past.
, I know how hard that must have been for you-”
Tony hummed vaguely, too intent on his battle with Steve’s pants to listen.
“Warm ‘n’ fuzzy?” “Tingly?” “Special?” “Horny?” “Tall?” Everyone tried to finish his sentence at the same time, then cracked up at each other’s answers.
Now here he was, in a room built for waiting, he with nothing left to wait for, surrounded with people sick with their own mourning. He pictured the battlefield, how they too must have looked for the missing. He wondered if they knew enough to count Tony Stark among the dead.
?” Steve demanded, his pulse thudding in his ears.
Listening to Tony’s laughter, Steve felt a danger too deep and awful to name. The other man was now listing to one side, hand reaching for the nearest wall, the suit’s mechanics whirring frantically as if trying to hold him together. Steve reached out, trembling with the need to help or fix or save,
And just like that, Steve had bypassed irritation and barrel-rolled into full-blown rage amid a rising flurry of beeps. “No, I was- What the hell, Tony? You think I’m out here
,” he said, and rolled over on top of Steve, tucking his body in tight. As close as he could get.
From across the cockpit, Tony caught Steve’s gaze and held it; Steve’s battlefield instincts thrilled with foreboding, remembering Tony’s words from weeks ago. ‘If I go in first and don’t die…’ he’d said. The billionaire hadn’t so much as hinted at the idea since, but his words still haunted Steve. Going into battle with that kind of superstition in his head, who knows what Tony would do. Would be willing to do. If they landed now without incident, it would only strengthen the billionaire’s belief that his mere presence could avert disaster, and Steve found himself halfway wishing for something to swoop out of the air and interrupt them, just a little. Anything to knock some caution back into Tony’s head.
“Don’t,” Tony whispered, aghast at the image.
“Nice bling,” he managed to say, striving for some kind of equilibrium. “I see you met Thor.”
A snort of giggles erupted from the water, and Tony rolled his eyes inside the armor. “For fuck’s sake, Steve, get outta there.”
Bucky raised an eyebrow. “Your stuff or his stuff?”
Beside him, the archer had winced theatrically at the name. “Ugh, yeah. I mean, a name like that, you gotta be a prick. But if you haven’t guessed already, we hate him.”
The Soul Stone looked sad; seeing sorrow on Peggy’s face wrenched open countless old wounds. He’d loved her so much. “I do,” she said.
Yet destruction was always easier than creation; the level of energy that would need to be unleashed to remake life… that may not be survivable for anyone. None of them mentioned it out loud, but they all knew. Going back may cost everything. But maybe that would be better, given the horrors of these past months. For no one to remember.
“You don’t even
“I should go,” he heard Tony say, and the dread woke again, ice and darkness, no stars, no summer.
Clint and Natasha led them all down the ramp and into the bright sunlight. There, Tony was delighted to find Shuri accompanied by the Dora Milaje, although it pained him to guess what that meant for her mother and brother.
He heard the other man sit back down, heard him draw in a low shaky breath.
“You shouldn’t be here,” Steve mumbled, the stars showing him the truth, how some wishes were never meant to be granted, how some endings could never be happy… The other man said nothing, but for a moment his eyes were so sad that Steve wanted to- he needed to-
“What the
In here, within the protective walls of the Wakandan palace, a new routine had also taken root.
“Okay, enough,” Steve said under his breath, then pushed his chair back and stood up tall in full command mode. And as usual, that was all it took for everyone in the room to turn and give him their full attention. Tony liked to call this effect the ‘Cap-signal’. But Steve was talking with his earnest face on, which meant Tony should be listening. “…I know we’re all working as hard as we can, and I know this is the most important job we’ve ever done, but running ourselves into exhaustion isn’t gonna do anybody any good. So I’m officially putting a pause on the preparations. If that means we have to hit Titan a day later, then so be it. From this moment, you have twenty-four hours. Take the time to rest, relax if you need to. Do whatever it takes to get your mind right. Maybe try to remind yourself what it is we’re fighting for. But no work. Not today.”
He was on his feet, his chair knocked to the floor, Pepper staring up at him in astonishment. “No,” he told her again, as if it would explain everything, but Sam tried to take his arm and Steve flinched away, then fled to where the eyes couldn’t follow, the worried voices couldn’t reach.
“Actually,” and Steve blushed a little behind his beard, “yes. Thanks.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Tony asked, honestly shocked.
Tony had fled, not from Bucky or the tape, but from
“Save them,” Thanos whispered, eyes rolling shut again.
Once only, Steve attempted to start a conversation. After Tony savagely shut that option down, Steve decided to be patient and follow Tony’s lead. Yet after engaging the autopilot, the other man just settled back in his chair and closed his eyes. Here but gone; both close enough to touch and impossibly far away.
“No way, Tony. You steer, I carry,” Steve said, and grinned down at him smugly. “It’s kinda our thing.”
Wrong. How?
Tony by his side, Steve walked halfway to the landing zone, saw Bruce, Okoye and Shuri safely disembark, and waved them towards the hut. Nebula took longer to emerge. Steve knew this had to be a difficult moment for her, but she showed no outward sign of distress. The android nodded to them both, then swept off towards Thanos. It was time. Tony kept pace beside Steve as they followed Nebula to where the wounded Titan lay.
Out of nowhere, the AI played a perky RPG victory fanfare, and Tony sighed. Her snark phase was just going from strength to strength, and much as he’d like to blame Peter and Shuri’s pernicious gen Z influence, he remembered much the same thing happening with Jarvis. “Design adjustment within parameters,” Friday said, leaving Tony momentarily lost without context for her words. Then with a shiver, Tony remembered what he’d been doing before Peter’s call. What he’d been about to do. The shape of the day still to come, in all its glory.
And Tony, standing by his side. Alive. Alert. Uninjured.
Tony watched him go, silent.
“I… was not aware. But my purpose here is not to test the intentions of those who seek the Soul Stone. Only to guide, and inform.”
Necessity, again.
. His mind kept replaying their reunion just a few minutes before, right here at these same stairs. Despite their bitter arguments, despite events in Germany, Tony had followed Steve all the way to Siberia. Steve’s heart had leapt at the very sight of him, then had been further cheered by his unexpectedly friendly chatter. He’d taken it as more evidence of the other man’s sunny resilience. A sign that maybe they were going to be okay.
Peter would have laughed.
“Fucking moron, he’ll ruin everything,” Tony heard Rocket hiss. He understood the raccoon's distress; if the Stones got damaged then all hope of redemption was lost, but Steve was dying in front of him and it was hard to remember that anything else mattered. For a second Tony considered deploying his suit, then his mind folded away from thinking he could fight this, and he felt a cold calm wash over him.
Steve was still visibly shaken, so Tony took point on the questioning. “Okay, Marowak, you’ve been here a minute or ten, so tell us, what is this place?” Red Skull shrugged, his attention still focused on Steve, and only then did Tony notice his feet didn’t touch the ground. In fact, he wasn’t sure the guy had feet at all, which had to be the creepy cherry on the day’s cupcake of creeps.
Rhodey was gripping his shoulder, no longer hiding his concern. “You haven’t slept a wink since you got back, Steve is a walking zombie, and neither of you will say a goddamn word about Vormir or to each other. That doesn’t sound like nothing.”
. So yes, this
“No human being other than him, sir.”
apologies to
that he has to resist the impulse to scratch his whole body in an attempt to get rid of his own skin. He stretches his hand towards the dashboard and picks up the pager, starting to type a message when he realizes that just is not going to cut it, not with the way he’s feeling right now.
“Tony, we should t—“
“Drop your gun, man. I’m not gonna say it again.”
It takes him about two hours to get there – god, he would have
type.
with them, not
“Wait a second, you’re
it belongs to Steve. What hasn’t changed is the absolute necessity of ending this situation as soon – and harmlessly – as possible. Still, he has no idea how exactly do that. Pointing his weapon against the man is out of question – the time for that was at the very beginning, not now – and it’s not like he has any useful skills in this particular situation. His favorite hobby is building things, especially engines, but when it comes down to day-to-day stuff he’s quite helpless: he prefers to wing something rather than
, I told you
original
The second time, there is light. So much light. So bright and piercing and penetrating that his eyes don’t last more than a couple of seconds open.
, and it’s so crazy to imagine that this is the very first time he’s actually realizing this, despite knowing the man for a ridiculous amount of years.
because he doesn’t want to leave things unsaid, not again. But luckily for him, Tony is a step ahead.
The way Ross speaks has always given Tony a mix of amusement and belittlement, because he’s never quite sure whether he’s being made fun of or if it’s just the way old school military people speak.
“I love you, Winghead…”
, but I guess beggars can’t be choosers…”
“Let’s just… keep this for the next time, okay? You seem quite… confused,” he says eventually, slowly slipping his hand off Steve’s, before he can realize what’s been going on and freaks out.
Fury nods, promptly standing and reaching the back of the room, switching a projector on before turning the lights off.
For once his words seem to resonate immediately with Steve, who only spends a few seconds before coming up with a response, stepping slightly closer: “I… really enjoyed tonight and feel we have a lot in common. I can easily imagine us getting married an—“
And this is why, when the President’s words reach his ears, he doesn’t immediately register them for what they are: on an intuitive level he knows he’s hearing them for the very first time (this is not the usual script), but they could be about anything and he would only realize it later. But then something clicks inside of him, making him returning to the present, and as his brain synchronizes with what’s happening right next to him pure horror spreads from his toes upwards. “Don’t let them fool ya, this is not about human rights, this is about exhibitionists wanting to do whatever they want, however they please, with no respect whatsoever for our traditions, our religion, our basic system of beliefs. And this is why, when I’m President, one of the first steps I’ll personally oversee to will be to try and revise the Supreme Court’s decision to allow couples of the same gender the ability to get married wherever they please.”
? That can’t be…”
“Tony please…”
“Oh, well, I actually went to the
. Rendezvous is at SHIELD Headquarters in two hours. The ring is in the Gansu province in Northwest China. We’ve got it down to a ten-mile radius, should be re—“
Another pause, this time longer. Steve allows it to happen, despite wanting to know more about his condition and less about the circumstances, but he senses that would be a mistake. He has never witnessed Tony being as raw and open as he is right now, and god knows how many times he has tried to have a conversation like this before.
“What do we do now, sir?”
“What
be. Still, even he can’t ignore how damn
’re the
– and still, he just can’t bring himself to start. Pepper probably guesses it, because she breaks the ice, leaning towards him in search of his glance.
island? How does anyone even go about buying a
he seems to know about some of his teammates.
freaking them out with proposals and big words like ‘love’. Remember, it’s a first date, not your wedding vows.”
“That’s a given, Stark, you
. What better way to start a double shift day than a dead mouse left right by your nose? That was a rhetorical question, by the way.
“It’s… It’s beautiful…” is Steve’s comment, one he realizes too late he’s spoken out loud. However, although he
Steve sighs deeply, decisively not happy about to pronounce those words out loud for a second time, but nevertheless he repeats the line exactly the same way, as if it was something he had memorized by heart – and maybe he actually had.
“You’re kidding me.” is all that he manages to say, because the thought of actually
? Theoretically,
“Wiseass…”
It means he’s not hurt, right?
“With the President’s ideas, and
So things were actually
“Here you are…” it groans, its voice hollow and squawky, definitely not human. They immediately stand next each other, getting into their default attack position from whenever they’re in the battlefield, but before anything else can happen the being claps its… – hands? Claws? They can’t make it out exactly – and the moment after they find themselves transported in a completely different surrounding.
. When he tries to reach for the key again, his fingers actually wrap around it, and the next thing he knows is holding it into his hand.
- he’s fully aware of this even if he would never say it out loud, especially not to him - so for once that their roles are reversed, the chance is too big to pass over. “You... I think should aim for 7 at least. You’re Captain America after all.”
He turns around, frowning: “And who is that supposed to be? I don’t know anyone by that name.”
“What you mean, ‘like him’?”
“Wait, what? Jessica and Carol? Are they, like, an ‘item’? When did
All during the last weeks there never has seemed to be a moment for that, too busy with their respective jobs in daytime, too late as they roamed the city streets at night. Not for the first time in his life, Tony wonders about what it has to be like not feeling the urge of being in constant movement, always focusing on what’s next, just because that’s all you know. And maybe Steve is the same, and that’s why they have gotten so close in such a short amount of time. Maybe underneath their differences, they do share a similar outlook on life. Maybe…
“Thank you for your service,” the kid says a second later, and Steve catches the other’s hand just in time before the fingers can raise up to his temple.
When he awakes for the third time, although his surroundings are still a big incognita, he is nevertheless able to distinguish them, and for that he’s grateful. They’re not terrestrial, he’s one-hundred percent sure about that, because they don’t seem to have any animal or human life, nor they’re anything like he’s ever seen before. The colors are all…
where
, Nick, give the guy a break!” the blonde – who had been throwing furtive stares at him the whole time – protests, and Tony can’t help but breathing a sigh of relief, for answering questions is definitely not something he’s eager to do right now.
“Tony, what are you doing? Stop!”
Days turn into weeks which turn into months, and he still doesn’t think about
“This has nothing to do with Britain. If y’all let me finish, you’d understand the gravity of the situation,” Fury hits back, and there’s an urgency in his voice now that silences every further protest. After a couple of seconds he goes on: “Look, this chest was the best kept secret in the world. The only reason we’re aware of it now is not even because it was stolen – we would have never found out about it as it stood – but because Namor came forward to
“No. No we don’t.” Tony cuts him off, shaking his head and smirking tiredly, his eyes on the project lying on his desk. “I just got caught up in the moment and forgot for a second it was you, alright? No need to turn it into a big deal. It won’t happen again.”
“Well, you haven’t grown a beard
“Okay…” Steve replies with a puzzled expression that tells him he still believes his behavior to be decisively odd. “Well, don’t just stay there, come…” he adds, feeling quite awkward himself now for some reasons he can’t quite point down. He walks past Tony and heads to the kitchen, grabbing a couple of beers and stretching one to him. “I got the impression you didn’t like my iced tea, so I bought a six pack the other day, kinda hoping you’d stop by again…” he gives him that shy half-smile of his, and the moment he sees it Tony thinks,
The other sighs deeply, his hand falling along his side, leaving Tony free to go: “Alright…”
, he then realizes, and it’s the first thought that actually makes sense, although he really wishes it wouldn’t, because if it turns out to indeed be true… well, then things are bound to be complicated as hell. He shakes his head to himself, takes a deep breath and makes his entrance in the meeting room.
for this long – or maybe the stranger is
“Thanks, Bobby. You can let them in.”
“You should know snow does nothing to me…”
A full five minutes go by before he manages to drag his ass out of the seat and make his entrance inside the compound; the system scans his retina, welcoming him home, and that word sends a distinctive shiver down his spine, as if it was somehow wrong. Because maybe this place is haunted, and always has been: here is where his relationship with Steve broke down, here where he spent numerous sleepless nights, twisting and turning in anguish and regret, wondering what he could have done differently and whether that would have changed anything in the end. Yeah, this place holds more bad memories than anything else, and not for the first time he wonders whether he shouldn’t just shut it down and move everything back to downtown Manhattan, where it would also be closer to Strange, Cage and Jones, in case of emergency. He tells FRIDAY to create a reminder for him about it, then steps inside the elevator and pushes the button for the first floor. Nevertheless, when the doors open to let him out, his usual smile is back on his lips as he gives a general hello to the house, wondering whether he should have called ahead to tell them he was dropping by, because right now the place seems vaguely deserted.
“I know you’ve been laying low but it’s not gonna be long until people start to realize you’re back. When that happens, I need you to come out and say publicly you support him.”
, I don’t even know what’s happening next!”
Tony doesn’t think he’s ever heard the other say so many words all at once, and judging by the slight, sudden shyness flashing across Steve’s face now, the soldier himself can’t believe how much he just talked. Tony smiles softly at that, and, setting the sketch aside, he takes one of the other’s hands into his to kiss its back before leaning over to whisper into his ear: “Well, when that
things are around here,” the latest addition explains in an accent Steve as never heard before as he closes the door – this time painfully slowly – before letting himself on the only remaining free chair. He has long, Goldilocks hair that makes him look like a god from Ancient Greece. “Miss Janet, Hank, Bruce, Nick. It’s good to see you all again, my friends. Blonde stranger whose name I do not know, I am Thor Odinson, pleased to make your acquaintance.”
“I’m armed, and if you have any idea of who I am, you know that I’m not bluffing.” he states, taking a couple of steps forward as he waits for his eyes to adjust to the darkness.
Suddenly his ears start ringing. He squeezes his eyes as if to push that noise away, but he knows it’s only in his mind. He takes a deep breath before answering, a desperate attempt to steady his shaky voice.
to get married anytime soon, particularly after the president passes his bill against gay marriage, which he’s scheduled to do in just a few days’ time.
“You feel alright?” he asks, and again the question feels stupid and out of place in this situation. His throat yells silently in pain.
It’s pitch black inside and Steve is not entirely sure that he’s actually
to people talk, he feels his head might just trigger a self-induced coma just to escape these people. As anticipated, Bruce agrees to help him out, but he’s gone back living in India so their communication is sporadic and only really happens from the late afternoon onwards, which means he can’t rely on their side project to pass the time.
There’s Tony, sound asleep in the same chair, mouth partially open and snoring in a low murmur, his feet resting on the edge of the bed, leaving a dark mark on the otherwise white sheets.
“Well, this doesn’t surprise me, he and I, we have very different opinions on how to go about business. Plus, I’m not asking you to trust
?,” he asks for confirmation, because by now it’s possible that his mind is playing tricks on him.
“Well, it could be programmed to say a few standard sentences – after all it was built for the war – but if this is indeed the case, we’re talking about a level of technology which was years from being
“Tony, good, you’re he— Woah, what happened to you?”
, now that he can’t rely on the vague solace that at least the other is living a
“What?” Tony smirks as hearing him, spinning on his heels to look back, “Is it my little waltz? It’s almost Christmas, I’m trying to get into the spirit…”
“Brooklyn, actually,” the other smiles, but this time it’s
“Okay, so… how much?”
clearly
Okay, now he’s confused. “This way,” Steve adds, replying to the silent question and preceding him to his bedroom.
magic, Cap. It stands to reason that unexplainable things might happen in their presence,” the other explains, leaning a comforting hand on Steve’s shoulder. The gesture makes him smile, and he nods his gratefulness to Fury.
at ease (as if this was not actually as nerve-wrecking as it feels), then you
again. As foreign hands slowly slide down his hips, and Mark steps closer and closer until eventually his lips land on Steve’s, the thought re-emerges into his mind after
Steve mouths a ‘thank you’ before closing his eyes, and Tony leaves a kiss on his cheek, grateful for not having to provide further explanation. He wouldn’t have wanted to say that he’s so scared of seeing him slipping away right in front of his eyes that he figured, if he just held him tight, Death wouldn’t manage to steal him away from him. And not because he believes he’s invincible or what – if today proved anything is that nobody really is, at the end of the day – but because don’t they say that love conquers all? Soppy as it is, Tony hopes with everything he’s got that it’s true. The alternative is too terrifying for him to even think about it.
is a bit generic…”
“S-Sorry, I-I just thought… Sorry, I…” he mumbles after a few tries, taking a few steps back as if afraid Tony might start throwing punches at him.
“Sheer luck,” he answers, trying to ignore how stupid and weak his explanation now sounds. Thing is, the episode – the proverbial last straw, which led to him abandoning his childhood dream – still haunts his sleep. When the convoy found itself under enemy fire, nobody in his platoon survived except for him. Somehow, in the explosion that followed the bullet rain, his body didn’t report any injuries despite being thrown a few feet away with such strength that the other soldiers were killed instantly on impact. Not him. He simply… bounced back up.
“And…?,” he gently presses him to continue, mostly because the wait is killing him, but also because he’s getting a gut feeling that just won’t shut up.
guns. The irony of the job he’s doing and his current situation are not foreign to him.
“I just came to collect my stuff. I was just… heading off now.”
, I’m asking you to trust my
it was for good.
“Doctor, a word?” the eyepatch appears on the doorframe again, and just as she excuses herself holding a finger up, the blonde guy re-enters the room, only this time he grabs a chair on his way back and positions it next to Tony’s bed, giving him a earnest smile.
The rest of the letters can’t come out of his mouth because, before he realizes it, Steve has quickly filled the distance between them and has pushed him against the wall without caring too much about doing it gently, kissing him with the same hunger Tony has been feeling all along. It takes him around ten seconds to overcome the initial surprise; when he does, he pulls away from the kiss and smirks on Steve’s lips, whispering sneakily on them: “Good try, but I still haven’t heard the words I want to hear and time is up now, so I guess I shall take my leave…”
, and nothing else. Time to process
And on the other end, he can
“You’re looking at me, aren’t you?”
Except for a few moment of consciousness – like when Jocasta gets back, reporting that everything worked perfectly and the system is fully functional, or like when the pager goes off multiple times in a short while as Steve tries to figure out just
It’s nothing more than a stupid excuse, he’s well aware of it, and he believes Steve does too, but it needed to be said, and he needed to hear it. Going on dates is fun, you let steam off and for a night you feel like an ordinary person. Sleeping next to someone alleviates your loneliness, reminds you why you do what you do, why you sacrifice so much for strangers, for people who don’t always believe in you, who are just as ready to blame you for everything that is wrong in this world. But an actual relationship? That’s another matter entirely. Because you throw feelings into the mix, and before you know it weeks have turned into years to the point that you can’t imagine your life without the other, because that’s an existence you don’t see the point in living, not anymore, not after having known what love truly is… Still it suddenly happens, your partner gets hit as it’s bound to happen in this line of work, and maybe they die between your arms whilst you scream to just hold on, that you can
“This
“Alien invasion permitting, we’re going shopping tomorrow as well, don’t want to hear excuses.” he eventually says after he manages to combine the least of two evils between a top and a bottom, passing both items to Steve, who grabs them with a sigh and proceeds to wear them, muttering something beneath his breath that Tony can’t possibly understand.
He sighs deeply. Why do words become so loaded with meanings? Why can’t they just exist in a vacuum?
“First. You’d know if it was otherwise.”
“I really can’t think of anything, what is wrong with me?”
“But you—“
“Rhodey…”
He is okay though, just in dire need of rest. They know the fight is far from over, but they figure they have gained a bit of time, and that hopefully will be enough. Tony burns through the steps of his recovery, and in just over a week he’s back to his usual self. After hearing about how he sent Loki on his way, Fury offers him free usage of one of the top notch SHIELD labs in the States, which Tony eagerly accepts, feeling again as that kid in the old Ronald Dahl book when he wins the chocolate factory. The place is just a couple of subway stops away from Steve’s apartment, which the blonde offers up to him on the day he’s given the okay to leave the hospital.
. And judging by the look on Tony’s face when he eventually meets Steve’s eyes, it’s something he has picked upon too.
“I know you’re not sleeping. Can’t ignore me forever.”
“Woah, what is—“
for getting their loved ones back, right?
“Wait, you said you hit me?”
Once back in the safety of his car – he could feel everyone staring at him, the
“I understand, it’s not up to you. Can you tell me more about my health then? Am I dying or something? I wouldn’t particularly mind…”
And he closes his eyes although he’s not tired or anything, but he figures it’s better to not give Steve the chance to start a conversation again, especially not the kind that he guesses is still on the other’s mind.
“What?!” Rhodey’s eyes double in size as hearing that revelation, and Tony can’t help but feeling a bit idiotic right now, even if he doesn’t really have an explanation as to why. “The same Steve Rogers you barely talked to on our way to a very
“Tony…”
wants to talk now, but I don’t. Not yet anyway. I haven’t figured out what I want to tell him. That’s why I’m avoiding him. That’s why I need to go.”
, not like this.
But Steve keeps staying there like if he was frozen, although when the other takes his hands to wrap his own body with them he lets him do it. Tony smiles, leaning against his body and looking up, smiling brightly.
to him.
like this,
“These really are beautiful, Cap…” he says when he lands back on his feet, admiring them again.
“You’re an idiot,” Steve chuckles, looking down at him and quickly pinching his side, which gets a small shriek out of Tony, who wasn’t expecting it.
It happens in the middle of the night, when they’re both deep asleep. First comes the roar similar to a thunder, which is what wakes them up. Then, as their eyes struggle to adjust to the sudden alertness of their nervous systems, a bright, blinding explosion follows, shattering all the windows in the flat and taking with it a couple of inside walls. Steve is the first up, feet uncaring about the shards scattered all across the floor as he tries to make his way to the bedroom.
the fuck
“Son of a bitch…” he mutters to himself, shaking his head and sighing before answering to Steve’s question: “Let me guess. You don’t know that I met with Fury, like, six weeks ago.”
, so he resumes walking, turning around Steve, who stays there, still looking ahead of himself, at the space that Tony has now left empty.
today? Why can’t he be left alone with his pain? Why…
If he had known what would happen after that night, he wouldn’t have showered, to hold on to Tony’s odor a little longer, even if it’d soon be vanished because of all the sweat and blood that his body would leak out within twenty-four hours. In hindsight, he’s come to realize how
the decision…”
“When you ask me like that…” he replies, biting his tongue to not add anything more incriminating because honestly, if Steve keeps at it he’s going to lose every bit of self-control he has in his body. Which is not a lot to begin with, admittedly. He links arms with him, ignoring the small pirouette his stomach does at this, and they start walking again, more slowly despite the snow falling more intense within every minute.
As it turns out, the new position comes with a series of obligations and arrangements that need to be fulfilled and cleared before Inauguration Day; when they tell him, Tony doesn’t think much of it, figuring it’s mainly going to be a series of exceptionally boring meetings, reports about world situations he already knows the gist of and a few visits of military camps around the country. Which is exactly what happens… for the first couple of weeks. But as time goes by, the list grows thicker and thicker instead of shorter, for reasons he doesn’t quite get, and before he realizes it hotel suites are once more his standard accommodation as he gets moved from one place to the next, documents on documents are placed almost uninterruptedly under his eyes day in and day out and pretty soon a week turns into four and then into six. He barely notices it when Christmas comes around – he wouldn’t have
like. They haven’t spoken much since he landed back to Earth – there was a strong, long hug, one which he was longing for and had craved so much, but after that, it was like neither of them had the energy or strength to try and say all those things that so desperately
“Give me a dance, would you? Just one. And then I promise I’ll leave you alone, if that’s what you want.”
that, Tony. But I’m asking anyway. Because we’re not strangers, and this wasn’t our first date, not even the third. All these years, all of our shouting matches, our fights, our evenings spent discussing strategies with Chinese food in our mouths, all the times we keep coming back to one another… those have been dates too, we just were too cowards to call them as such, too occupied with saving the world to admit we deserve to be happy as everyone else. And the thing is, you
“I’ve never stopped loving you,” he hears eventually, and if he hoped the answer to his question was going to help him giving him some clues about what was happening, he was solely mistaken, because this…
“You go first…” Tony encourages him, not wanting to put a dark twist to the evening – it’d be really unnecessary and uncalled for, and it would probably prompt all kinds of questions from Steve, ones he doesn’t have the answers for, although he surely wishes he did.
In the whole of his thirty-four years, the only constant in Steve Rogers’s life has been change. Since the day he was born, back on one of the hottest days of summer 1984, the longest stretch of relative tranquillity he has experienced totals up to six years, which he doesn’t quite remember either, being the very first too. His father an undercover US agent relocated in cold Russia, Joseph Rogers had lived his whole life believing the American way was the most democratic of them all, and had installed that same value into his son since his first cry. Consequently, the fall of the Berlin Wall, in 1989, had consequently left a huge gap in his life, which would ultimately lead to his whole demise. Suddenly out of a job and back in a homeland he didn’t recognize as his own anymore, Joseph quickly grew paranoid that the present times – especially the Clinton presidency – were just a complex plan from the Soviets to overpower the United States, and decided to act accordingly. It started small at first, as it always does. In the initial six months following the Rogers family’s return to Brooklyn, Joseph’s trips to the supermarket and the local hardware store grew more frequent and longer, although his wife – now the breadwinner – didn’t notice, the long hours working as a secretary taking a toll on her after half a lifetime spent being a housewife. Nor she did when, slowly but surely, he started spending more and more time in the basement, emerging again only when it was time for dinner, or going to bed. However, what became clear to her was the sudden spark that seemed to animate Joseph now, making him look a bit like his old self. She didn’t question it, mostly out of fear that her husband’s mood would revert back to be gloomy and frustrated. Had she asked him about it, she might have had a chance – albeit a very remote one – to stop what was happening in that basement.
Hank shots Steve an alarmed glance, which prompts him to call for her again: “Wasp, is everything okay?”
Only once he’s safe inside one of the cubicles he lets a deep sigh go as leaning against the door, Carol’s words still echoing in his brain.
“Yeah, sure, I just… I need time away. I wanted to ask you for a favor.”
“Yes, I know, Steve. What do you think I’d been doing all that time in Wakanda, other than looking after sheep?”
to have to do this, but it’s necessary, he doesn’t think Peter is streetwise
“Do you want the truth?”
“Mission? What mission?” Tony finds himself interrupting the other, his voice slightly higher in pitch, despite his best intentions. Steve blinks, and gives him a puzzled smile.
And now he’s confused again: “What do you mean?”
, although that’s just a lie because you’re not a god, you’re not even a doctor, you can’t stop death when it’s already in front of you. And at that point, what happens?
need to take your friend here to the hospital,” comes the answer, so calm amongst all the chaos that just took place that it sounds weird. Tony hates that word –
“S-Steve! Thank god you’re okay…” he smiles slightly, because there’s something about the other’s demeanor and rigidity that doesn’t sit right with Tony: he’s opened the door, yes, but the moment he saw it was him he leaned his free hand against the wall, as to reduce space to avoid Tony’s slipping inside the room. Which, of course, is
when Tony is still caressing his hand: it makes him strangely uncomfortable, not necessarily in a bad way, it’s just damn impossible for him to divert his attention from what’s going on.
“Look, it’s over, man. You didn’t hurt anyone
. “I’ll be in touch,” and
“Sure it does,” Steve hears himself replying, the shadow of a smile appearing on his lips. It hurts a little but feels so good.
“You’re uncharacteristically silent, Mr. Stark. What’s up? Cat got your tongue?”
. Not only because it would be weird, but because he can’t
There are too many people in the room now, too many noises all around the bed, not enough
“Can’t blame a guy for trying…” he shrugs, going to sit next to him because this way he won’t have to face his eyes at least. “I’m not good at saying goodbye, and this is a… extremely painful one.”
. It’s a never-ending game of self-blame, full of what-ifs: Sokovia, and Laos, and Berlin, and Siberia and so on. He should stop – has
“I’m sorry, sir. I did the best I could” the doctor tells him in a low voice of one who has been delivering bad news for far too long. When he looks beyond him Tony sees a procession of nurses silently making their way out of the room. He knows what’s happened, it really doesn’t take a genius to figure it out, but all the same, he
“I do not understand…” Thor speaks everybody’s mind a couple of minutes later, once the rest of the group emerges from the water.
“You can’t what?” Steve whispers, taking his hands into his and looking at him, wanting their eyes to meet so they can communicate without words, as it always happens, no matter what they’re up against.
He takes them into his hand and admires them for the longest time, keeping quiet, but eventually a rather sad smile forms on his lips and he shakes his head, returning them: “I’d love to, but…”
“Mr. Stark? You can go in now.”
“Yeah, sure thing…” he replies with a slight delay that the hostess doesn’t seem to notice – or mind – and he promptly takes his coat off to pass it over to her, pocketing the pink ticket he gets in return (which, unsurprisingly, also comes with a second, thinner, white paper with a phone number on). He sighs softly to himself, suddenly craving affection from another human being, the close embrace of a warm hug, arms engulfing his body, holding it tight, a small but necessary comfort to remind him that the fight, the long hours, the almost complete isolation, it’s all worth it, in the end, if what you get in return is a free world.
, and I don’t trust myself around you, I turn into a stupid fool even more than usual and I just can’t…” he sighs deeply, wishing the other would understand what he’s trying to say so desperately, that he would stop getting closer and closer until they’re just inches apart and he can sense any rational thought starting to abandon his brain once more.
“Can I… make you an offer?” Tony asks out of nowhere as he keeps moving his legs around, listlessly, in the clear water of the swimming pool. After having dinner – Steve wouldn’t shut up about how exactly was it possible for food cooked by robots to be so
the latter possibility, he’s pretty sure Steve has
“Good. And now I’d like my advance, if you don’t mind.”
.” he remarks, glad that his voice has decided to make a comeback.
wedding), no band, no bells, no kids screaming, no mothers crying, no fathers still in their posture trying so hard to not let their feelings out – nothing that people normally associate with a wedding. Even the party – again, if you can call a party one involving five people who are more or less used to hang out with each other in daily life, at least when there was still a shade of such a thing – is not much a celebration of them getting married but rather a much needed roundtable about the current state of affairs. “I hope you’ll trust me more now, Sam…” Tony remarks at one point, knowing all too well that he’s definitely not one of Wilson’s favorite people, not by a long shot – “Perhaps”, comes the elusive reply, and he has to really force himself to not start an argument right there, just for Steve’s sake.
“So?” he solicits, looking at him even if the other’s stare is fixed on the pavement in an attempt to make up his mind
Fury opens up in a smile – such a rare thing to see – but it’s a defeated one with no trace of joy: “When you said no I put it on hold until your return, but, unsurprisingly, the project has now been scrapped. Except for Parker, they were all from minority groups, the last thing our ‘president’ wants.”
now, time for a change.”
“You stole something from me, Horns. I need it back.”
.” he says, adding a small wink that was begging him to come out.
It takes him a while to have enough energy to stand up, but eventually they get moving, and Tony notices with a bit of relief that as they shuffle along his feet gain more confidence. They haven’t got a plan
“Only a few moments, the first time did it. You know that I can’t resist you when you kiss me like that…”
“Love you too, Shellhead.” Steve replies, cupping his face to kiss him softly.
…” the other is all too eager, offering his bent elbow as support. And Tony takes it, fingers latching onto it as much needed oxygen after a long time spent underwater. With that help, the rest of the descent is a walk in the park, and once they reach the bottom floor, Tony is glad to see the soldier stopping almost immediately in front of a closed door. She quickly unlocks it with her fingertip and leads them inside. The room’s lights come up as they move across it, but even as they do it’s hard to distinguish much around them.
he is – and Steve has no idea why he carries on doing this to the man. He could easily trick himself into thinking it’s to keep him safe, but he knows too well that’s not the case. So then, why does he? It’s not even that he doesn’t trust him –
“Gotcha...” Steve replies, and then, quite surprisingly, lets a small chuckle go, looking apologetically at Tony: “I’m sorry, for a moment there I thought—“
As the crowd explodes in the loudest cheer of the evening, Tony can feel his body physically give way, and he knows he needs to cling on to something if he doesn’t want to fall on his knees in front of everyone; but there are no chairs or walls or tables in sight, so he has to opt for the only option he sees: he takes a few steps forwards and leans a hand over the President’s shoulder, steadying himself as he asks the crowd for a sound round of applause.
They chuckle at the same time, and Tony nods to him while he starts walking – almost waltzing, actually – looking up at the snowflakes and feeling a weird sense of festiveness springing from the inside, for the first time in
“I’m gonna cum!” Mark groans, and a moment later he does, going stiff against his body. Steve briefly closes his eyes, as if to give the other some privacy – they’re strangers after all – then he quickly pulls out of him, taking a step back, heart beating fast against his chest, for reasons unknown to him. And all of a sudden, he feels the urge to run.
“Well, you’ve seen – excuse me, you
“Soon as you turned on your back?”
.  But eventually he started to run out of excuses, and when the pictures from Guantanamo came out, he knew that yet another chapter of his life had come to a conclusion. Only this time it was accompanied by a deep, personal crisis. When he had become an orphan, Steve had looked at the Army as his new family, but now even that had turned out to be just another illusion. Even worse, it felt as a
But now that he’s heard that ‘of course’, Tony is not afraid to push his intentions further; after all, the year spent in space has cleared up his mind exactly how he wished it would.
But before he can finish his question, his throat runs dry the moment he raises his glance to finally see who the man might be. Tony is almost never out of words, but right now, he can’t think of a
“I’m free, yes.”
“Right…” is all he says, his senses slowly awakening, and it goes without saying that the moment they do, a surge of panic invades him in less than a couple of seconds, prompting him to kick the covers away to stand on his feet, much to Grant’s confusion.
“As I said, dramatic…” Steve giggles softly, throwing a sweet glance over to him and sighing quietly as their eyes finally meet.
, he reminds himself, and after a couple of seconds more, he taps his fingers on the table and smiles widely: “You’re gonna love it. Shall we begin this feast?”
“Yeah, nothing further from that...” Tony giggles, feeling his companion already freezing right next to him, “Steve here was trying to win a ferocious fight against his boring haircut.”
“… Good to go where, exactly?” Tony asks, one of his brows arched in a way that makes him look like a professor faced with an incredibly stupid question.
“I’m counting on my best mate to do that for me” echoes Tony, taking the stairs when he realizes the elevator is busy.
“It’s your schedule for the NATO meeting, sir. The Chief of Staff sent it over last night I believe.”
“Why wouldn’t I be?” Steve giggles, letting him go so he can look at him, a curious expression on his face.
“Woah, okay, let me stop you right there,” Tony sighs, shaking his head and holding up his palm for good measure. “First of all, just because I can see you’re actually concerned, someone oughta keep an eye on him, and I see no other volunteers, so...” he shrugs in quite the self-explanatory way:
And as Steve keeps his cerulean eyes fixed on him, Tony can’t lie to himself any longer, he
“I’ll go check it out.”
. It wouldn’t be Iron Man or the Director of SHIELD going back on his steps; it would be Tony Stark asking Steve Rogers for a second chance, a do-over, a chance of redemption for all the mistakes he’s made regarding
He takes a deep breath, passing a hand all over his face as if he was scrubbing dirt off it, then nods: “Yeah, I… god I don’t know how to start this… okay… uh… Look.” Tony sighs again, looks down as if he had prepared a speech and only needed to read it again real quickly – which, by the way, he hasn’t done. “I’ve been thinking. I can’t… give up Iron Man. I mean, of course I
“Steve, this is a bad idea…”
“Yeah, no shit…” Steve offers, and somehow that short comment says it all, because they both sit in silence for few long minutes afterwards, trying to find something meaningful (and not cheesy) to say, but failing miserably.
who doesn’t get it, Nick!” he shouts, and although they’ve both been raising their voices his yell has something quite
different, and it doesn’t take an expert in dating or even love to know that. It’s just so crystal clear that you can’t dismiss it out of hand just because it makes no sense at all. Tony is his best friend, for better or worse they’ve had each other’s backs for all these years, but this has nothing to do with that. This is something else entirely, something that he assumes could be what a successful date looks like, although he can’t possibly be sure. And he can’t keep a giggle from coming out as realizing that the person whom he’d ask about this is indeed the same one who’s currently dancing to an inaudible music in front of his very eyes.
, he needs to
“Yeah, I… I’m fine…” he nods, stretching a hand up to caress Steve’s cheek before kissing him gently, smiling more convincingly on his lips: “Still can’t believe we’re married now…”
, but unfortunately he cannot.
“Mark. And you are?”
“I thought it’d change his mind, but it didn’t.” he sighs, standing up and approaching the other man, not exactly knowing what he should apologize for, whether for assuming Steve felt the same way or for spilling the secret in the first place.
be just about black and white issues like… free will and self-determination. It needs to be about
, they would tell people, and because everyone is so damn scared of not better specified threats, they end up believing whatever comes next, hence agreeing to the worst sort of rules or plans without even taking a moment to consider the consequences. The one irrefutable thing he’s learned during his time in this government is that you can get away with all kinds of shit if only you know how to play on people’s perception of safety.
“No, I… It’s perfect to me.” Steve’s words arrive just in time, stopping the train of thoughts in his head from derailing; he finds himself not being able to hide a little smile from popping up on his lips.
“Me neither, it just sorta happened…” Tony replies, stretching his neck to leave a kiss on Steve’s cheek. The other man holds his breath for a second, and Tony can see goose bumps on his arm. He smiles to himself and goes sitting on the edge of the table, pushing the papers out of the way. “Who’s in?”
“If you think that’s gonna change an—“
“No, I totally agree with you, Mr. President. I’ve been trying to get it under control since 2016, when the Sokovian Accords first got ratified…” Tony feels the need to say it before it can be used against him, as it’s bound to happen if people think it was a secret or something that he’d rather not talk about. Which, of course it
“… Or worse, you would break things off between us.”
“Just a couple of hours ago. Maybe three.”
He knows he’s got Grey on the palm of his hand, he can read it in his eyes (
. What is it?”
When 7:00am finally come around, he takes a deep breath and sits up, shuffling his legs off the bed and staying there for a minute trying to gather the energy to go through the day. He remembers Tony suggesting yoga once when he had told him that sometimes he just couldn’t switch his brain off after a particularly busy day, and he had laughed at the thought of putting himself in such weird positions, afraid he was going to rip all of his muscles apart. So Tony had thrown in an incentive: they could do it together and he would get a kiss for every position he managed to hold for more than a few seconds, and that had been enough to make him say yes. Not that was that difficult for Tony to do that, sometimes all it took was a smile at the right moment to have him consider an alternative to his usual way of thinking. The brunet had that power over him, always had, but once they started being together he just ended up falling in love with it, such a nice change from always having to be the one to take decisions.
if he wants to get there in time, because even though it only takes him forty-five minutes to fly to NYC, the aerial field is bound to be congested as much as the roads are, which means he could still be waiting to be okayed to land by the time the clock strikes midnight.
, he thinks to himself as he smiles in admiration at her, an exchange that unfortunately doesn’t go unnoticed.
With that out of the way, and still smiling like an idiot each and every time he gets paged, Tony moves on to the next project, the home system for Steve; he doesn’t want to use either JARVIS’s old plan or FRIDAY’s – they’re both too much targeted towards his own needs and his own self to be good enough for the other man – so he spends most of the first two days designing his from scratch before he goes on to actually assembling it. From that moment onwards, he tinkers and tinkers, day and night, almost non-stop, cutting even more sleep out of his schedule and substituting it with coffee and energy drinks until Saturday morning, around 9, he powers up the new A.I., that he baptizes as Sancus (after the Roman god of loyalty and trust). Four hours later, leaving his hotel room for the first time in eight whole days, he takes the lift down to the garage, activates Jocasta, the robot he’s just put together, gives her the coordinates to Steve’s house and watches as she drives off, crossing all of his fingers that no cop will stop her on her way there. Then he gets back up, throws a quick look around – the room by now resembles more a factory than a luxury hotel suite – and, deciding he just doesn’t care nor has the energy to deal with cleaning it (and himself) up, he lets his body go onto the bed and falls asleep instantly, too exhausted to even have dreams.
. “Good,” the man replies, keeping his gun aimed at him but shifting his glance back to Jean, as does Tony, trying to ignore the voice inside his head to come up with some sort of a plan.
, all of these years. He could probably lead with this, now that he’s thinking about it.
The pilot’s voice sounds so remote to his ears that for a moment he doesn’t understand where it’s coming from; he gives a little pat on her shoulder as a thank you, then steps out of the helicopter and follows the agent greeting him inside, where they’re joined by the hospital’s head physician.
“Good afternoon to you too” Fury replies in the flattest of tones, as if he hadn’t just been shouted at; he lets himself on a chair, gesturing for him to do the same. “Stark, please.”
Tony frowns, now visibly puzzled, because how can Fury possibly know about that? It hasn’t been made public yet. “So what, you know
And then, just as he’s thinking this, an idea suddenly pops up into his brain.
“I don’t dance,” he replies, heart already beating faster than normal at the idea. He’s only danced with two partners in his whole life, and he’s not about to add a third to the mix,
Five minutes later, Steve is floating in the ocean water, eyes squinted to spot anything out of the ordinary, although he’s not quite sure what
Tony stops paying too much attention after a mere thirty seconds. It’s just too much information all at the same time, and he wishes he could just laugh about it, but Steve doesn’t look like someone who is pulling his leg or making stuff up – especially
“Well, Namor also revealed something
The next couple of weeks see a nice, slow pace quietly setting down, and maybe for the first time in his whole life Tony experiences something resembling
“What can I do for you, Captain?”
. Only 6 ½? That’s unfair…”
“Hey…” he replies, and after another moment he opens his eyes, just because it feels stupid not to. Steve gives him a faint, tired smile and without asking permission he sits down on his bed, just by Tony’s tummy, although their bodies stay separate, not touching.
“S-Sorry I’m l-late…” he pants now, once he gets inside, stumbling forward as his knees protest for the impromptu run – although he’s not overweight, Tony really dislikes exercising and tends to do it only once in a while, and even in those cases the good resolution lasts just for an extremely short while. He’s fully aware that sooner or later this aversion is going to come back and kick his ass, but he figures until then, he’s just going to leave it at that.
Moving didn’t hurt, though he felt it should. He sat up in the shallow water, ignoring the Soul Stone in his hand, letting it fall into the water at his feet. Not yet. Not that. Instead, he hugged his knees and stared up at the alien sky. He felt neither warm, nor cold. There was no pain, nor fear. The glass was intact; nothing lay beyond. The Captain had been prepared, had whispered of disaster since Steve first stepped through the portal and saw the empty sky overhead, cold dark blotting out the sun. The Captain had kept watch for ambush. Steve was the one who’d failed, staggering slow and clumsy through shock after shock. Cracks, he thought. Cracks through glass, or was it the ice he could feel, still surrounding him. Destroying. Creating.
“I would have done the same,” Steve said quietly. “It was a good call.”
“What?” Steve’s mind was spinning off in tangents again, his focus becoming slippery, erratic. For a moment, it wasn’t Tony, there across the table. Just a stranger wearing his face.
“Pretty cool?” Peter spluttered. “Tony, Spider-Man is in a
Tony squeezed his fingers and Steve looked down, surprised to find their hands were still united. “Don’t let the Great Grape Ape get in your head, Cap. We got this.”
May’s cheeks grew heated, but she nodded.
Without saying a word, Tony took Steve’s hand and pressed it to his lips, another of his small, ineffable gestures, but just like that, Steve’s day got better.
“Before, but-” The shame was a dull animal gnawing at his heart. “Okay, so about that, he’ll probably… You should know. Everything in the videos was my idea, Steve.” The other man’s flinch nearly ripped Tony apart, but he continued. “I asked Ty to help me forget you. Physical, chemical, whatever he thought up, I didn’t care. At first, anyway, and I didn’t know he was recording me, but…”
During the first attack, Vision had been injured with some kind of phase disruptor. Healing his body had briefly diverted Shuri’s attention away from the Mind Stone’s extraction, but that project was now back on track and looking hopeful. No one else had suffered significant injuries, so Earth’s defense was not only intact, but with the addition of the Guardians and Carol, had massively improved since the first attack. And once Doctor Palmer got through to Doctor Cho, she would fly in and use the Cradle on Steve, who was soon to be transferred to the ICU and, they kept saying, was doing quite well.
“Sleep well?”
“Then we
At fifteen minutes past the hour, Clint's tolerance had reached its limit. “
“Ok, cool, cool,” Peter said, sounding slightly distracted. “Oh hey so Ned’s back with, holy shhh- …a few more copies, uh, I gotta go but yeah see you tomorrow, bye!”
Yet Saturday morning, the man had shown up at the Sanctum forty minutes late, and in such disarray that for one horrified moment Steve had thought he was drunk. Stark had instead claimed major sleep deprivation, blaming both Asgard and his horny fiancé, pairing the latter excuse with a salacious wink to a visibly disinterested Wong. Although Stark had sworn that Friday could keep him steady enough to fly, Steve hadn’t trusted a word he'd said, ordering him to go sleep instead. That move had left Stark sullen and Sam furious at having to pull double duty. Stark had taken over air patrol from Sam around lunchtime but spent most of his time sniping bitterly at the team. When Sam returned around midnight, Stark had left again, insisting he’d be back at six am for the morning shift.
“I can,” Tony gasped.
“You saved us,” Steve said.
Rhodey nodded. “Shuri deprogrammed him. He was in recovery, joined us for the battle. But Tony… he got dusted too.”
Thor shot Tony a careful glance and nodded. “I agree.”
“I can feel it, Tony,” he murmured, suddenly chilled with premonition. “The peace, it’s coming for me…”
“I knew you’d be here,” Tiberius said, wildness darkening his blue eyes. “I knew you’d be here with
“But I want you to know I’ll always be your friend, Tony,” Steve told him. “Even if you’re no longer mine.”
“Fuck you too, Romanoff,” Tony breathed, then enveloped her in a bear hug. She and Clint had been gone a full week this time, and he hadn’t gotten any better at not worrying.
Steve’s whole body thrilled as Tony’s lips finally softened against his own, hope and fear soaring ecstatically through him, into him.
“Did no good anyway; Thanos reversed it somehow, made like it never happened. Bruce said you’d gone after the Time Stone?”
“I hope it helps,” Steve said.
And so, when he made himself pull back and look Steve over, he couldn’t resist leaning in and brushing his lips against Steve’s. The other man inhaled sharply, as if surprised, but he instantly returned the kiss, softly at first, then deepening to a desperate tenderness, full of fierce promise. Tony soon pulled back again, needing to see Steve again, wanting to cradle his face in his hands and study every inch of him, just as he had in death. But now he pressed kisses wherever he found signs of life; Steve closed his eyes contentedly under the attention, humming slightly.
She’d quit the Avengers the very same day, declaring herself permanently retired with no explanation, and went no-contact for two whole years. Eventually, she’d sent Steve a Christmas card from the south of France. Her girlfriend ran a bakery, she said, and when they visited, she was happy. They’d sent her the invite without expectation, but Nat had returned for the wedding, gentle baker in tow. As a wedding gift, Nat had given them her story; why she’d disappeared, the emotional journey she’d been on to unravel the Red Room’s lies, her resolve to break their control and reclaim her future by refusing to live as anything of what they tried to make her. She had then offered to be their surrogate, should they ever need one; she knew now she didn’t want to be a mother, even if she had the option, but she wanted to do this much if she could. After an enormous amount of consideration, they’d accepted; two years later, the twins were born. Nat had promptly appointed herself best auntie in the world and insisted they fly her over to babysit whenever needed, yet she was careful to preserve a distance, too. Steve respected this, he really did, but within the privacy of his own mind, she would always be family.
No other way.
“Stark.” Wilson stepped through the portal, then hesitated. “Tony. I know you promised Steve you wouldn’t leave, but you know he wasn’t in his right mind, we’re gonna need all hands on deck in Wakanda, Steve will understand-”
“If he’d let you?” Steve blurted out. Tony’s face went blank, and Steve wondered if he’d gone too far, mentioning Stone. But instead of shutting Steve down, the other man took a breath, bowed his head, and nodded in acknowledgment.
The video played on, approaching its awful conclusion, yet Steve had no eyes left for anything save the shock etched in furrowed lines across Tony’s face. He watched, speechless, as Tony’s expression raced through denial, and reached trembling horror. Waited, breathless, for Tony’s next move, already hating himself for intercepting Tony’s half-hearted step towards Bucky; Tony’s name dropped from his lips like an apology, like a prayer.
Steve froze, Nebula gasped, and an electric thrill ran over Tony’s skin, equal parts fear and hope. “How?” he managed, his words thick. “Why?”
She’d always been more Steve’s friend than his. “Thanks, Nat.” She hugged him then, pressed her lips to his cheek in a gesture that was both welcome and apology, before stepping aside.
Bruce seemed about to speak, but just shook his head instead. “Yeah, of course, Tony. Good night.”
“You good, Tones?” Rhodey was all that was keeping him upright, because
Tony’s inexplicable recklessness in inviting Spider-Man to come train with the official Avengers had put the first serious dent in Steve’s resolve to keep things professional. The fact Tony hadn’t bothered to consult the team and had just shown up with the kid in tow was strike two. But the final straw had been Steve’s discovery that Peter’s secret identity was also concealing such a young age. As Clint described it afterward, Captain America had ‘thoroughly lost his shit’. Loudly. In front of the whole team. But Tony had been equally loud and twice as insulting in return.
