“Yes,” Cas repeated, more vehemently this time. “This can’t be a surprise. You’re excellent at reading people and I have been… compromised for a long time.”
He didn’t know why he trusted it. Meg couldn’t be trusted. But there was only so much time to make a decision, so Cas dragged Claire into the shadows, shushing her when she tried to ask him what the fuck was going on. They were barely out of sight, having not attracted any of the lookouts' attention by some miracle, before all hell broke loose. Cas heard gunshots, and it was all he could do not to run into the fray. Dean was in there. Balthazar and Remiel and Hael. Garth. Rosali, Wendy, Betty, and Jason. Fucking Benny, who might have just taken another bullet protecting a friend right this second. And Castiel wasn’t doing a thing to help any of them.
“I just let her out,” said Castiel. “I didn’t plan to, I just saw her and I couldn’t let her stay like that. I just hoped that if someone would have the good sense to help her if she got out since none of you did.”
Dean turns to say something in Cas’s ear, too low for anyone else to hear. Cas responds by quite literally shoving his tongue down Dean’s throat, which is gross, Sam’s not going to lie. Dean really doesn’t seem to mind though, so that answers that question on how he’s dealing with the guyness of Cas and all. Honestly, Sam is just relieved that clearing his throat actually convinces the two of them to stop.
~0~0~0~0~
"I'm assuming that was a contraction?" Cas asked and Mary shook her head, "he's only 4 centimeters dilated. We're going to be here a while." she said. "Cas?" Dean whispered, "yeah baby?" "lay down with me?" Dean asked looking up. "Of course." Cas said and Dean slowly slid over to give him some room; Cas slid in and tucked an arm underneath Dean's neck, and Dean got as close as he could to Cas' side. "Cas?" Dean whispered again, "hmm?" "I'm sorry." Dean said a little louder, Mary and Ellen excused themselves from the room to give the two privacy.
“Hey, Charlie and I are going to go out tonight, so it’ll just be you and Henry for a while.” Dean told Cas.
"God yes, like that Cas baby please." he rambled after a few more thrusts Cas pulled out, "what are you doing?" Dean asked annoyed. "You gotta turn around so it'll be easier when we're locked together." Cas panted and Dean just nodded and got on his hands and knees. Cas slammed back in, making sure to hit Dean's prostate in the process, he reached down and grabbed Dean's neglected cock and only gave a few strokes before Dean was crying Cas's name and coming all over the bed. A few thrusts later Cas leaned down, feeling his teeth sharpening and is orgasm getting closer.
“You… said… not… to loose… it.” Henry said in short increments then started coughing. Dean sat him up and rubbed his back until he was done.
“What the fuck?!” Dean gasped and he and Cas both turned around to Charlie shushing the front door.
"Yeah, especially if you're moving back to Louisiana…" Cas jumped in, "alright ya vultures. I'll do it, but red you're gonna have to help me." Benny sighed. "YES! Success!" Charlie fist bumped the air, "speaking of moving…" Cas started, "my parents are moving to California." he stated. "Really? Why?" Benny asked, "my father sees no reason to stay since I am no longer part of his family and since Gabe left… Plus most of their business is there." Cas shrugged, "man that sucks." Charlie said. Cas nodded, "yeah, my mom came by the hospital the day after Henry was born and said goodbye and that she was sorry."
"Honey, I don't smell anything…" She said pulling away and she saw his frown, "really? Smell again." he said. Mary smelt a little longer, "honey, I'm sorry. I don't know what you want me to smell… I smell you and Cas." she said and Dean sighed.
"no. Just heartburn." I said and shoved the bowl away from me. "I just want them out!" I cried and Dean pulled me into his arms, "I know baby, I know." I had just calmed down when Missouri knocked on the door and I could hear her and Dean's conversation. "How's he doing?" "Fine I guess. He's ready to have the pups but they aren't ready… We just tested the theory of spicy food and nothing so far." Dean replied.
“How can you be laughing right now?!” Charlie asked.
she said. "Alright, oh and before I forget, there's a pork chop, some green beans and garlic mashed potatoes in the microwave for you."
These emotions all felt very silly now.
“I know,” said Selma sadly. “I only meant sometimes it feels like everything’s like that. Just an inch away from my fingertips, no matter how hard I reach.”
“It’s not your business,” said Castiel. “I just… I know a lot of things I wish I didn’t.”
So Cas forgets. Not completely, not entirely, but for long stretches at a time he forgets. Dean and Sam are dead and buried before it occurs to him it should have happened by now. Jack is reunited in heaven with Kelly before he wonders what exactly the SHADOW is waiting for.
“You didn’t shoot Anna. Trust me, Charlie hacked into Superbia’s system and I read the incident reports when Jo first suggested we take you in,” said Dean, sounding wary. “Gabe said you were hallucinating after you took those pills in Superbia. Selma told me about all those bad dreams you’ve been having and then Sam put together a theory that you’ve been having a strong mental reaction to whatever Naomi’s been putting into your system. The subconscious rebels, or something. I don’t know, I didn’t study this shit. You’ve been seeing Anna all this time, ‘cause Naomi fucked up your system and I’m guessing she was your way of fighting back.”
“So…”
“If it was Naomi,” he said. “If Naomi was in front of you and you had a chance to take her out… what would you do?”
“There has to be something else I can do,” says Sam. Eileen joins him, taking his arm in hers. The way she is looking at him unnerves him, like she’s very sad for him but knows he doesn’t want to hear it. She holds him tighter when Patience sighs and shakes her head.
Cas supposed he should leave now. There didn’t seem to be much point in staying in a confined space with the person you’d just admitted serious romantic feelings for. Then again, it wasn’t as though he were familiar with the etiquette. Perhaps he should give Dean some time to rebut the point. No, he felt like leaving and putting as much distance between himself and Dean as possible.
“I was thinking about some things you’ve said,” said Dean. “Your guys are trained not to kill unless it’s a last resort most of the time. Not that the prison system is that much better than death, but-“
“I’ll head back to her in a moment,” Boris agreed gruffly. “But… thank you. If you ever need anything… just ask.”
After speaking with Cas for a few minutes she nods at Dean and hangs up the phone.
“Yes, Cas. I’m alive.”
Gabriel shrugged and clapped Castiel on the back as he started bandaging around the knife.
“C’mon, Cas,” Garth said. “You know what to do. Deep breaths. That’s it. You’re safe. No one is keeping you here. No one is going to hurt you. Deep breaths.”
Cas had said that before. Or maybe he had only ever referred to that fact. He racked his brains to find a time he had said so unprompted. He realized he hadn’t. Dean seemed to realize this at the same time. And then his face broke out into a dazzling smile, so heartbreakingly happy Cas wanted to kiss it off his face.
Castiel glanced over to see genuine curiosity, but with an undercurrent of amusement that unsettled him. Gabriel never seemed to take anything quite seriously and it was keeping him off balance.
“It’s the only full proof way of preventing sexual assault,” Castiel said, knowing the reason by heart. “We have a great deal of power in society. There have to be guidelines in place to make sure that isn’t abused.”
“Mary-”
“Wouldn’t have time if I were on the run,” he said. He took two amphetamines out of his pocket and swallowed them. They were necessary for his alibi if he was to have driven from Ira to Superbia in a straight shot. “The story is I was stabbed and drove straight here from Ira.”
“You don’t think they should be left without proper information or-“
“Womankind might not be able to go on,” Dean says. They don’t talk about the other Charlie. Dean invites her to Christmas. Charlie says maybe, her eyes already drawn to the presents under the tree. She still smiles extra wide, no matter how many times she opens them. She’s always smiles widest when she undoes the wrapping to see shiny lettering reading The Hobbit staring back at her.
“Yeah, yeah. What would I do without the two of you,” Bobby muttered sarcastically. Jody rolled her eyes and ordered a drink from Mandy when she came around again. Bobby instead focused in on Dean.
“How am I supposed to explain this to Naomi?” Castiel asked, because she was not going to be happy when she found out what happened.
“He’s not wrong,” Jo said. “Cas does his best work off the top of his head. Can’t overthink it that way.”
“Still sleeping,” says Cas.
Dean must have noticed the impending panic attack, because he acted swiftly.
“Then why did you save me?”
“Kinda morbid, Sammy.”
“Kelly Kline is incredibly dangerous, no matter how she looks,” said Mary. “Do you know why they weren’t feeding her? Because they were afraid if they did she might find a way to overpower them. She is the result of intense experimentation about the limits of the human body and the human psyche, and if you knew the half of what she could do if let out into the world…”
“Billie says Mortimer asked to speak with you. Privately,” said Risa, not sounding the least bit happy about it. “I’m giving you a radio to use if absolutely necessary. If you don’t come back, I’m coming in guns blazing.”
Selma’s chair scraped back as she stood up. She adjusted her hijab on her shoulders and nodded towards Jess when she offered to take Selma’s dishes back to the industrial kitchen behind the dining hall. She followed Castiel out and waited impatiently with her arms crossed for Castiel to speak first.
“The pain no one can see hurt the worst of all,” added Castiel after a moment. “Especially when we’re the ones hiding it.”
“I wanted to make sure Charlie was alright,” said Dean. “I heard people were getting better and thought I’d check in on her. Besides, I kind of figured you’d be here.”
“Lucky for him we don’t always get what we want,” says Castiel. Billie raises an eyebrow at him. “What happened to your agreement to stay out of the Winchesters’ affairs?”
“I’ll buy you more cereal,” he grumbled, turning around to see Sam looking more annoyed than Dean thought was proportional.
“Okay, first of all, I didn’t let him. And second of all, bite me.”
“I didn’t want you to know.”
No words of anger could have cut as deeply.
“A five when you’re being a dick,” said Jo. “Which is… ninety percent of the time.”
“You’ve been to a state prison?”
*****
“That was the idea, according to Death,” says Cas. “You remember Heaven?”
If you wanted someone to put a a whoopee cushion on a teacher’s chair, you’d ask Jesse Turner. That was about the current extent of his reliability, and surprisingly he was rarely called out for his extreme case of arrested development. Kaia secretly thought that most girls were just happy he was relatively harmless, reasonably nice, and extremely good-looking (if Alex was to be believed anyway). ‘He’s probably not going to hurt me on purpose, physically or emotionally’ seemed like a low bar to clear, but Jesse’s popularity with girls Claire and Kaia’s age proved that it was effective.
“That’s not funny,” he says at last. “Don’t make jokes like that around Cas.”
“I understand why,” Jack says. And he does. There is something visceral about losing a parent. Something that had eluded him when his soul had been gone. He’d thought he understood, when he got his soul back. Except now he thinks he understands what Amara means, saying that the new soul had only been a copy. An echo of who he was. Now he is rebuilt, and he feels the pain of it all over again. In his head, he can hear his own justifications. She made me mad, he remembers saying. He shudders. He feels… “But I don’t think it makes me feel better.”
APRIL 18, 111 A.L. - MCCLEOD CITY, WEST CANADA
*****
“Benny, yeah,” he said quietly. “But you don’t go running your mouth to Sam about that.”
And maybe if he’d bothered he would have liked Dean’s answer. Well, eventually, because the first thing Dean would do would be having this same mental breakdown, but…
Mandy led Cas over to a pile of boxes and moved a few out of the way to reveal a ladder going down. She nodded for him to go first and covered their tracks before following him down. The tunnel was all dirt, and didn’t look very safe, but Mandy still looked comfortable there.
“You did?” Kevin says, sounding a little doubtful. Like he’s not quite sure that’s right.
He knows he’s said those words too many times. They are tainted with baggage that has never been erased, never been fully reckoned with. He has no other words. He has no other options. He has seen this scenario played out, over and over, and he has never learned the right thing to say.
“Doesn’t matter, anyway,” said Jo. “Because it’s none of her fucking business.”
“He started it,” said Cas before he could think better of it. Dean looked down, saw Benny had been shot and that was why he was still on the ground.
Castiel hadn’t thought about the mayor of Libidine yet. When he heard the city fell, his first instinct had been shock. It had seemed so impossible. Now he wondered at what a city falling might have meant. A woman he had occasionally worked for might very well be dead at the hands of friends of the people he was now playing cards with. It didn’t sit well with him to think about, and perhaps that discomfort showed on his face because he ended up winning the next round when nobody folded despite having mediocre hands at best while Castiel had a straight flush.
“Well,” Billie says, looking down at the four of them. “Isn’t this cute?”
“‘Kay,” she says. “Guess I was wrong about the whole you loving him back thing. It’s a relief, really.”
“Can I say no?” asked Cas.
“She lied to you, Castiel. She lied to everyone in your garrison. I know this is difficult to hear, but it’s important for you to understand. Anael was a subversive,” Naomi paused to let this sink in. “Did she ever… approach you in any way about this plot? Ask you for help in secret?”
“Yes, I remember,” says Cas. “You were very clear about your intentions.”
“You’re nosy and taking up my time,” said Cas. “And I miss Dr. Newman.”
Cas pauses.
After dinner, Claire and Kaia clear the table while Donna and Jody work on rinsing off the dishes and loading the dishwasher. When they’re done, Donna and Wendy say their goodbyes and head home, and Jody and the rest of the girls migrate to the living room where Dean has been designated a couch. Jody tried to offer him one of the girls’ rooms, since he was recovering and all, but Dean had told her not to bother. He’s already embarrassed enough that he’s being left at Jody’s because Sam doesn’t trust him to stay out of trouble by himself, he doesn’t need special treatment too.
Jo shrugged at Gordon and left Castiel to deal with it by himself, saying she needed to check in with everyone and make sure no one was missing or in the wrong place. Castiel took the opportunity to put down the sleeping bag he had been given and show that he had no plans to claim one of the two mattresses that were in the room. Rufus, who was mostly unperturbed at finding out Castiel was staying with them had already claimed one of the beds, leaving Benny and Gordon to passive aggressively argue over the other mattress, a fight that Gordon lost by virtue of Benny questioning his manliness, a ploy that Castiel was surprised worked so well.
MAY 28, 111 A.L. - 62 MILES FROM GUTTUR
“Uh, I think Duma did the honors,” said the girl. “She’s good at finding veins.”
“You wouldn’t even have this if it weren’t for me,” Dean grumbled. Something about the expression on Cas’ face much have changed his mind, because he set the book down and looked at Cas. He pointed at the book. “Can I see that?”
“Who gives a fuck. What’s Dean gonna do about it?” says Claire. Dean rolls his eyes at her, and she sticks her tongue out back at him. Real mature. “Besides, I think he’s busy.”
“Cas, what the fuck did you do?” shouted Charlie over the radio. The blaring noise was followed by a harsh static sound that made Cas wince. It would be a very safe argument to say he deserved that.
“Yeah like I said. I have to eat,” says Chuck. “And these books are pretty much my only meal ticket. You idiots made sure of that.”
“Heard you yelling at Bobby.”
and suddenly it was taken from him, leaving a despair he feels guilty for feeling.
“That is the most obedient child I ever done seen,” says Dean honestly.
“That isn’t what you like about me, is it? That your father would hate me?”
“Sorry you got to be next to that asshole forever,” says Dean to the ground. “Sorry that preacher seems to think you was in love.” He fiddles with the grass, brown and dry with heat. “Sorry I turned out like this.” He sobs quickly, an involuntary jerk of breath. He brushes the tears from his eyes before they can fall. “You ever love a man so much it turns you stupid?” he asks, half laughing, because of course she had. Hers had held her too close for too long, and Dean’s had up and left.
“Ain’t every day I get to see you, is all. Want it to be special. Hell, it is special.”
“Well, what do you want to do?” Dean sits up in surprise.
It’s been two weeks since he’s had a drink.
Cas’s eyes are probing, his tone sincere. He’s really asking.
“One can only hope.”
“You do?”
Dean isn’t sure how it happens—he didn’t mean for it to happen—but soon they’re panting against each other; his mouth is wide and open around Cas’s tongue and he wants—
“What?” Castiel looks up in surprise.
Dean laughs. “Well, thank God for that, but let’s not talk about him any more tonight, that sound agreeable to you, darlin’? I wanna hear about you.” Dean tips his hat even further back, so it’s just barely staying on by the string under his chin, and gets down on his knees. He doesn’t actually have all night to talk to this guy for no money, after all. “Can I look at you?” he asks, hands on Castiel’s waist.
“I’ve figured it out, Cas,” Dean says, his voice ringing clear with practiced words, “the truth.” But the memory can’t hear him.
“If you don’t talk to him, he’ll find you out anyway, I’m sure, like the rat he is. There’s no point in holing up here. Dean?” Balthazar again looks to Dean expectantly.
“Unfortunately, I’m afraid I’ve done nothing you would find shocking, given the context of this conversation. That said, it was enough for my father to disown me.”
“‘Dumbass.’ You’re usually much sweeter.”
“Whatever it is you’re doing.”
“Oh, shit. Yeah,” says Dean, pausing with his hands in the pack. “That’s for you. From Charlie. And the others, too, I guess, but Charlie for sure. For knocking Daddy a new one.”
“Yes, yes, hurry up, Cas.”
Cas wipes his hand on the sheet and flees; he sits on the farthest edge of the bed from Dean.
“Dean. Let go of him!”
14. Wood bugs (Western Canada)
“I didn’t say you could speak, either.”
“Do they let you be what you are?”
Chuck teleports to the courtroom floor. He stares at Sam, reading his mind. Sam is being honest.
“Just like that,” he murmurs, sitting on the corner of the bed and surveying Dean as he puts charcoal to paper. “God, you’re beautiful. Do you feel beautiful?”
“The hell,” he gasps.
All he had to do was ask.
It’s not that, it’s… is everyone going to be the same?
Oh, maybe a coup, something for the supercops to quell.
“You sweet on me, Hanscum?”
“I don’t see anything wrong with being a small town boy.”
He leads her down the hall and into the parlor, where he kneels behind the bar and lights them a lantern in the dark, cursing as he near burns himself on the thing.
“Of course, Dean.”
“But you’re in your hat.”
“You are impossible. You are absolutely infuriating.”
“What’s going on with you two?” Jack asks.
He grabs a cigarette but doesn’t light it. He sits at the desk and tries to see if he can flip it around in his fingers the way one of his johns had done once to impress him, practicing the sleight of hand trick badly and then only moderately badly.
“Hm.”
but maybe he can drown it out. Maybe Cas can make him feel something other than pain, if only for a few minutes.
“Root cellar?”
Dean sighs heavily. The focus on this guy. “Yeah, I mean, I been in lots of scraps, Cas. Being what I am, talking shit the way I do, yeah. I been beat tons of times. Happy?”
Tonight, they aren’t in mourning (yet), and Dean is the one who snuggles backwards up against Cas, where he runs into an unmistakable reminder that Cas hadn’t gotten to come, either.
“Wait—” he shouts. “By ‘make us a bed,’ you mean—”
“Dean, what—“
“What, so it didn’t get through until I—“
Dean’s brain is working the hardest it has in years, trying to understand this woman who’s been dead ten years, who had plenty of guns but only one pistol, who he’d never seen actually pull a gun on anybody, who had told Bobby to go to hell when he gave it to her “to protect herself” and then had carried it in her skirt pocket anyway, every day, as long as Dean had known her.
Castiel’s eyes break open only to squint nearly closed again. He tilts his head to the side. “Your hat?”
bringing with it a blinding pain between Dean’s eyes that makes him flinch. It isn’t stopping; he now knows for certain that it won’t ever stop
“So,—” Dean tilts his head down— “won’t you go to hell, for fucking boys?”
“Is this still okay?” Cas asks, still stretching him with a finger.
“Later. 'Bye, Cas.”
Dean takes in a shuddering breath.
Cas’s lips twitch. He sits back up and keeps on sketching.
“Stay back, Dean,” Sister Jo warns. She’s got her shotgun out and is aiming it through the front door. Benny must’ve just got in, because he’s there, too, still in his hat, standing at the doorway right next to the barrel of Jo’s gun, facing toward the street and the source of the voice. Jo had blacked out the windows years ago; Dean can’t see the man past the two of them, but he can hear him just fine.
“You….” Cas sighs. “I thought you didn’t like compliments.”
Cas looks up and meets his gaze for less than a second before looking away again. Dean sighs. The hell did he do to cause all of this. He moves into the room, sits on the bed close to Cas’s desk. Cas’s chair is pointed away, but Dean needs to be closer.
“Won’t feel right, otherwise,” Dean explains. “But I know— that he’s a long time away, so—”
“I’m not sure the widows of Abilene count as ‘rich and powerful,’” says Cas.
Dean huffs out a little laugh. “Aren’t you hot, anyway?”
lips—touch him again, on the jaw this time, a couple of times. Cas is tempted to pause time itself, but there’s that glass surrounding him; he can’t
“I’m sorry, Dean. I didn’t mean to bring all this up.”
“Colorful.”
Cas kisses the nape of his neck and his hand presses on the front of Dean’s chest, holding him tightly. He doesn’t make a move to do anything else. Dean takes Cas’s hand in his again, a little selfish gesture.
“Good boy. Now say it.”
He can’t go anywhere. God, he hates himself for it.
CHUCK
“Slob.” But Bela saunters off to stand alongside Sister Jo behind the bar.
Cas finds the hat and puts it on Dean’s head. Dean hands Cas his glass for a refill, and Cas brings him one before sitting back down and resuming the scratching sounds. Dean stares at the glass in his hand, full of water.
“How can you possibly be nervous.”
“Now I know
CHAG PESACH SAMEACH STOP YOUR JEW IS CORRECT STOP B IS A TERRIBLE COOK STOP HOTCAKES PLEASE STOP
“Don’t let me interrupt,” Dean says as he sits down at the other table and opens his laptop.
But Dean can’t bring himself to speak. He sniffs. He feels like a traitor. He goes and sits on the edge of the tub where he’d sat before and turns the taps back on. Cas comes behind him and rubs his shoulders.
“Your sister came by to say you could go to hell.”
“You really believe all that shit.”
“I’m not a man,” Meg replies. “I’m a lady.” She spits into her chamber pot.
“—I’m sorry. I know that was too—”
They lapse into silence until the bartender brings the beer. Cas thanks him. He seems just as shy and polite as ever. Dean knows it’s a lie, just like his kid, throwing ‘sorry’s’ around while running and crashing into people.
Balthazar shoots Dean a look as if to say
Cas’s head falls forward, bumping against Dean’s neck. He squeezes him tight. “I’m glad I met you.”
CHUCK
“I make better money at Sister Jo’s than I would anyplace else.”
CHUCK
And Dean can’t say a damn thing, because he can’t sign one of those contracts.
“It was just another job, Cas.”
“It’s fine. Balthazar has been incredibly supportive. He even came up with the plan to come out here together. He’s a good brother.”
“Good night, Dean,” Cas offers, as a way of acknowledging that he’s still awake.
Dean swirls his finger deeper in, shuts Cas up with the resulting moan. “That ain't right,” he says. “That ain’t— you led yourself, Cas. And your brother. You’re Moses. I’m just—I’m just here, rooting for you. I’m— who’s Moses’ wife?”
“I do. It’s still upsetting. When I think….”
“—Of course he wants to come,” Balthazar interrupts. “He should meet Garth.”
“Ain’t playing at all. Dead serious about you.”
CHUCK
“Please what?”
Sam chuckles, just a small laugh, but on his freakish body it’s big.
“Four weeks.”
“You’re going to wear both of you out,” Cas tells him, no fun at all.
CHUCK
“Not s’posed to fall for the johns.”
“You… bastard,” Cas pants.
Cas makes a face. “I think I might cut into your market.”
“I—“ He has to force it out, all of his feelings from the last few months, one word at a time, as if saying it made the failures more real. “Dean, I just keep failing. Again and again. When you were taken, I searched for months and I couldn't find you. And then Kelly escaped on my watch, and I couldn't find her. And I just wanted—I
“I’m putting you back down for a moment.”
Cas lets out a deep breath, then grabs Dean’s wrists firmly. “The last thing you or I need today is to be caught in the bath with a man. Let’s go.”
“I had you pinned,” says Cas, as if he had any idea how to hold a man down. “You asked me to stop multiple times and I didn’t. You warned me.”
“Listen, Cas. You’re too good for me,” Dean whispers. “You gotta know that.”
“I look like a nun to you?”
“Shit,” he mutters, and leans back again, carefully this time.
He pulls Cas’s hand from his mouth and pushes his chest with his other hand, striding forward until Cas hits the wall. He grabs Cas’s other hand and holds them both above Cas’s head.
“Me, too.”
“Good. I ain’t in no mood to commit bloody murder. Have a seat.” Dean gives her the lantern and goes back behind the bar. He pumps them each a glass of water. It’s hard to look away from her. Somehow he gets the glasses full. He goes back to the table and hands her her water. “Now why don’t you tell me what’s going on.”
“Do they?” Dean says.
“Then other people,” declares Dean, “are dumb fucks.”
Dean looks at Cas.
this. Cas had been thinking about him, as they were going through their daily life, shopping for clothes.
“Yeah.”
to fuck
“I know.” Cas has to keep talking, has to preemptively earn Dean’s forgiveness— “And you are mine. Dean, you have to understand. There’s nothing I value above your friendship, except your life. I’d do anything for you.”
“Dean,” Cas whispers. “You must be cold.”
tombstone did the best thing ever done in supernatural which is heavily imply a westernwear shopping trip with Dean and Cas are u KIDDING me!! this is my calling this chapter is my magnum opus let’s goooo
Silence. Chuck stares at him. He’s ruining the fun. Sam lets go of Dean, because Dean isn’t struggling anymore. He’s standing rigid, glaring straight into the eyes of God.
“What the hell’s going on?”
“You’re all screwy today, huh?”
“Fucking hell, Cas,” Dean pants.
—moving it around him, pulling on him; he’s dying. Cas gasps from the pleasure of it, so much more than he could achieve on his own.
“Mm.” That voice. “Thank you.”
Dean doesn’t move. The pressure leaves his back, and he can hear Cas walk a few steps. Dean stays there, bent double, ass out, face against the wood. He’s almost shivering with need.
“Never really wanted it. Was just being lazy, growing it out.” He’d been bedridden for months, then depressed for months more. He hadn’t been able to so much as look in a mirror, much less take care of himself. It had been Adam and Krissy taking care of him for a change. They’d meant to be kind, but it had hurt his pride, having them do it. He hadn’t put much thought into his appearance since.
With a jolt of panic, Dean remembers that he’s already loose and slick down there, and he doesn’t need Cas thinking about why. His hand flutters downward, but all he can manage to say is “Cas—“ And before he can stop it, Cas’s finger pushes into him, and they both moan at the feeling, like Cas is delighted to find Dean ready and waiting for him. Cas’s finger swirls inside him as his tongue swirls on his cock; it starts to pull Dean apart, breaths running ragged with the feeling of Cas inside him. It’s everything, everything in the world. Cas adds another; those long, thick fingers press inward together, and still, still Dean wants more.
“Alright, then.” Dean searches for something new, and grabs at what’s on the surface. “’M angry as hell.”
“No. Come back here.” Cas takes a step closer, not quite touching Dean this time. Dean eyes his crotch. “Got a lot going on, huh?”
“You ever go?” Dean asks, pouring drinks.
“Just…. Why’d you take the damn horse, Dean?”
he thinks to himself,
CHUCK
Cas collapses sideways onto the bed.
“You’re an impatient man.”
“How far is it?” Cas squints back at his horse, considering.
(Doesn’t want Sam to say it)
“You have a previous engagement.”
“Do you all get along?”
Dean can’t seem to speak.
Dean hands Cas the sponge and leans forward, and Cas scrubs his back down.
Dean somehow manages to scramble out of his pants and underwear without lifting his head off the floor. Cas watches him kneel there naked before him and makes him wait as he decides what to do next. He approaches Dean and sits on the bed above him. He runs the crop gently, so gently as to tickle, up Dean’s body and watches him shudder.
“Mm-hm?”
“Good boy.” And damn, if Dean don’t feel the words in every part of him. Castiel leans forward, but doesn’t go for Dean’s cock. Instead he sucks on Dean’s inner thigh, nips at his skin, bites slow and hard, beneath and over and under the drawers, checking in constantly. “Can I?” he keeps asking before each bite, each suck of Dean’s skin, and “Anything,” Dean keeps replying. Then there’s a grumbled “Don’t move.” Then teeth. Then bruises sucked into his skin. Over and over and over again, til Dean is shaking trying to keep still. Hell. Dean thinks of his regulars, what they’ll say when they see this mess that Castiel has made of him. They’ll all know. They’ll all know he let some random cowpoke come in here and ruin him. Dean groans and his hips buck into Castiel’s face.
“That feels good,” says Cas, having the nerve to sound surprised about it.
“Ain’t pregnant?”
“What makes you say that?”
he says, falsely and dramatically, but Cas takes him serious as anything.
“At Campbell Ranch?”
“It’s just— you asked what I wanted. I didn’t understand what you meant, at first, but I think I do now. I changed my mind. I want you to tell him. I want everyone to know.”
Cas was gonna— just like his letter— Cas was gonna—
Cas’s voice is breathy and high, tense now, Dean hopes, with pleasure instead of nerves. “Zipporah.”
“What?” Cas pants. Dean pulls his fingers out slowly and wipes them on the blanket Cas had laid down. He scoots up by Cas’s face and kisses him.
“You’re so intelligent, and competent, and beautiful. And charming—God, Dean. I can barely talk to you when you flirt. And confident— how can you just ride out here to a new environment and take to it so easily? You’re the most incredible man I’ve ever met. And so kind. So caring. You’re the most selfless, loving man I’ve ever—“
“So you said. So, do you want to come?”
“It will.”
“What’s the point?”
Dean squirms onto his back and meets Cas’s gaze. Was that how Cas felt? Worse still, was it true? Dean used to feel like he was using Cas, but once he’d realized Cas was enjoying it, too, he’d assumed they were good. Fuckbuddies. Everybody having fun. But Cas doesn’t look happy now. “I’m sorry,” Dean hears himself say, before he can figure out what he’s even feeling. “I’m sorry if I— you don’t have to—“
“I’m not in the business of telling cowboys what to do. I protect my girls, Dean. That’s what I do.”
“Yes.”
“Kids,” says Cas with an awkward smile, eliciting laughter from the men.
“Dean.”
Maybe it’s that he can barely hold his head up.
—What I’m saying is, you changed me too, Cas. I need you to know that.
“That’s because you’re stupid.” Dean’s panting with the force of the words. It’s hard to breathe. Cas gives him a new kind of look.
WIDE. Sam’s ALONE in the clearing. He falls to his knees.
Cas’s eyes flick up. “Yes.”
“Been ten whole years. A man changes in ten years.”
“What?”
Cas’s breath ruffles the hairs on Dean’s neck. “I know.”
“Feels good?”
“Yes, darling?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Wanna touch you,” Dean murmurs. He sucks Cas more, higher up, under his ear. Cas leans into him, so he can’t be
Dean teases at his mouth with another finger and Cas slurps it up, too, enjoying this strange new thing they’re doing; he starts moving his head slowly around Dean’s fingers, sucking and licking at them, finding a rhythm in it.
“Good?”
“I’ll manage.”
“Try and hit as much of you as I can get.”
“Dean, I— thank you.”
“I what?”
Cas blinks at him. Dean thinks for a moment that Cas is going to apologize again, that he’s going to have to endure more of that unending sympathy, but instead Cas turns away to pull on his boot. A moment later he says, mildly, “It’ll be obsolete by then.”
“It’s amazing. Who knew schooling could teach you things.”
“I paid,” Castiel says, as if that’s the problem. “I paid through midnight.” Four goddamn hours? Who was this guy? “I won’t show it to anyone. Do you mind?”
“Up to the trip?”
“You promised not to let anyone hurt you,” Cas whispers. “That includes you.”
“I know that; it’s just for safety, that’s all.”
Jo makes a face at the name, which she had never liked, even when she was little. “Uh, hey, Dean.”
“I asked for it.”
“That’s the idea, but I suppose we’ll find out. He’s up for reelection in November.”
He has no idea what he is anymore.
Cas’s eyes are unfathomable; black and shining and deep as night. “I do.”
Cas gives him an irritated look. “Glad you’ve been keeping busy.”
“Cas— Cas, come on, Cas—“
“I do, Cas. I want you. Want you inside. Want you hammering me. Fuck.” Dean squirms to his left and reaches awkwardly for the chest. He pulls out the jar of oil there and starts slicking up his hole, still writhing hungrily against Cas, dripping onto the sheets. “‘M so ready for you.”
“Thank you.”
“He’s the one who commissioned Baby from Bobby. She’s his— shit.”
A tingle on his neck lets him know Sister Jo is watching from the doorway. “You ever get a hankering for one of these things?” he asks her, and Benny looks up at her with a raised brow.
“Surprises.”
“Same thing, right?”
“Yeah, Cas,” says Sam. “I’ve heard of you.” The “v” sound catches Dean a bit off-guard; Sammy was sounding more like Cas than Cas did, anymore.
“We’re looking for property,” says Cas, with a bit of a squint that hides his eyes.
“Care to explain?” Dean’s frustrated, louder than he should be. But Cas isn’t rattled.
No way. Since when?
“Can’t tell you that, darlin’.”
You’re a good kid, you know that, Jack?
Cas stares for a moment. “I guess it’s true what they say. Country boys really do have more fun.”
It’s only the first of March. Dean gathers his spare change together and walks to the telegraph office.
He’s out of time.
“You go easy on that beau of yours, hear?”
“Yes.”
When Cas had been the only one who’d said he didn’t have to go it alone? And why didn’t Cas say those things back then instead?
“Your father’s an atheist, too?”
What do you enjoy about it?
Jo doesn’t say anything; she just sits behind her desk, opens a drawer, pulls out some paper, and begins writing on it.
Cas was asking about his work. There’s a familiar feeling for it now, same as when Cas asked about Benny. Like Dean’s hackles raised on up. “Sure I do,” Dean tells him. “Get sick of kissing all the time.” He kisses Cas pointedly on the lips.
“I’ve kept you from your dinner.”
Cas licks his lips.
“You got anyplace we could talk in private?” Bobby asks.
“Cas,” says Dean loudly, turning to make sure Cas looks over. No way in hell was he getting accused of sneaking around again. Cas could beat the man silly for all Dean cared. Cas turns and gives him an
Fuck Sam. “No, sir.”
The “tiger” was a large Chinese-style screen. It had become a little famous among cowpokes who herded along the T&P. Sister Jo had bought it when the house’s business was growing faster than the house itself could; clients could go behind the screen and get sucked off in half-privacy— it fit three customers on a busy night, one or two most others. Even after adding a floor to the building, the tiger was so popular that Jo had kept it, giving it pride of place on the second floor landing, visible to those below in the parlor having drinks, but out of reach to anyone who wasn’t willing to pay up.
Cas just frowns at it and cocks it again, mounting the second pin.
Lately, everything was doomed anyway.
Dean can’t help but smile back. And wasn’t that what everyone wanted, someone to do laundry with? Sure as shit John had never done a lick of laundry, not in Dean’s lifetime, anyway, but here Cas had offered to help and when Dean told him it was a one-man job, had kept him company, and when they finish Cas helps him hang the sheets to dry. Dean insists on seeing the sketches after and stares for a moment, bemused at the image of himself with his sleeves rolled up and arms stuck in a tub like some farmer’s wife.
“Strawberries?”
You’re three years old, Jack. You don’t have to save the world. The world should be saving you. I should have saved you. I shouldn’t have— I never should have given you up.
“Oh.”
“Hard. Fuck me hard.”
The sheriff drops his paper to his knee and gives Dean a look like he knows he’s being stupid on purpose. “Was your friend with you?”
Dean shakes his head.
Cas’s eyes squint away to nothing. “But Dean, that doesn’t—“
“How’s it look?” Cas asks.
Cas opens his mouth next to Dean’s thigh. “Can I bruise you?”
Cas is quiet for a moment, his hand warm in Dean’s. “Isn’t that what we’re doing?”
He could have—
Cas folds his arms behind his back and waits.
“She’s fine, Dean. Daddy…. John.” Sam’s massive shoulders rise and fall as he sighs the name. “He went to check on that horse a week ago, saw it was gone. Bobby said he made like it had just been stolen that night, but. I guess John had already heard you skipped town and put two and two together. Got in a fight with Bobby.”
Long moment on Chuck’s face.
“Yeah. Yeah, one of us is actually gonna reproduce. Pass on the Winchester name, and all that bullshit.”
“This belong to you?” Meg asks, gesturing behind her, to the dim figure of a person.
So much for that. Dean looks away and takes a swallow of beer. Cas had to go to bed soon. He had a kid to deal with, after all. Then Dean should stop drinking—though he’d have to slow down or order another so he could try to find a way to flirt with the bartender. Then he could bring him upstairs, stay up late fucking and sleep past the time even Cas’s lazy ass would get up in the morning, to be sure they’d miss each other leaving.
Dean keeps his hips moving, very gentle, while Cas moves in rhythm on top of him.
He thinks about Cas, naked on the other side of the wall. How he’d look covered in running water, it dripping down his pale skin, his hands—
“Oh.”
“There you go. Take it away so I don’t have to look at it anymore.”
So long as Cas reenacts a fucking porno on his face before leaving him high and dry.
“I do.”
“C’mon.” Dean opens the door. “Backseat.”
“Hard to get rid of a body ‘round here. It’d take two men half day to dig through the clay; ain’t no rivers to throw it in, neither. Suppose they didn’t want to drag him behind their horses as they fled.”
“Yeah,” Dean agrees again, a lump in his throat.
And Dean has him in his arms, wrapped tight. He holds and he holds and he holds. Dean holds on to Cas for far longer than is socially acceptable, far longer than he ever has before, but Cas doesn’t stop him. He doesn’t pull away, doesn’t say a word. Cas’s arms encircle him slowly, and he lets Dean hold and hold and hold as long as he needs.
“Does that sound good?”
“See you don’t trip over your massive balls on the walk over.”
Dean kisses Cas and steps out of the bath. He drips around the house looking for towels, and by the time he brings one back to Cas he’s shivering and Cas isn’t exactly warm, either.
“Tell me.” The sheriff gives him this condescending look like he thinks he’s the toughest lawman in the West. “Why’d you take a job for less pay than you get here?” Dean’s blood wants to boil, and it’s taking all Dean’s experience as a whore not to let it. At least this one he knows the answer to.
“He must’ve fucked the brains right outta me. You know how it is.”
“Yes, Cas. Just— hurt me.”
, staring into Cas’s downcast eyes. Fine. Dean could play by the rules. He was shitty at talking anyway.
“I bought that for your momma a little after you was born,” Bobby says.
“Babe,” Cas corrects gruffly.
“—It’ll feel good?” Cas asks.
Dean brushes his hand down Cas’s back. “I’m eager, Cas. I’m so fucking eager.”
“What the hell, man. I’m kinda dealing with something here.”
“Thank you.”
Dean looks. He’s HOPELESS.
“Never?”
“Not really interested in metaphysics right now, bud.”
Fuck. Fucking hell.
Sam drops the lawyer act.
“Nothing. I just— I want to watch you—“
“Say it.”
“That’s disgusting,” Cas sighs, collapsing fully down onto him and knocking Dean breathless.
Cut to:
Dean adds more oil and his ring finger slowly and easily; he’s gotten Cas good and loose, now. He works Cas more and more open, the widest he’s gotten him yet. “Reckon you can take me, darlin’. Doing so good. So good for me.”
Dean wonders vaguely if Adam was going to fight him, once he told them what had happened. Probably. He was pretty pent up, looking at him. He had that look in his eye, a feeling which Dean knew well, like he could throw a punch any second.
had been novel to Cas, and he’d loved to see what things Dean had deemed worth keeping, how he’d organized them, how his mind had worked. Everything was always cleaner and more logical when Dean was happy. Things seem clean now. Cas wonders why Dean hadn’t been sleeping well.
Cas gets up, evidently ready to be dry, and Dean helps him with the towel. Dean offers Cas one of the frilly robes, and, seeing it, Cas sighs, leans over, and gives his dirty shirt a quick wash in the tub. He puts on the robe and carries his wet clothes as he follows Dean up to room three.
Dean stays quiet.
The question confuses Sam. Dean looks over and finds the answer on his face, even if Sam can’t figure it out. Sam isn’t happy. Sam doesn’t like where this line of questioning is leading them.
“Six weeks?”
Dean smiles and rubs a hand down Cas’s back. “Good.”
“Hey, Benny,” says Dean after Benny drops him on his bed, grabbing Benny’s shirt as he starts to lean up and away. “You wanna fuck?”
Cas sighs as Dean pushes back in. On his knees now, hat fallen to God-knows-where, Cas presses back against him. Dean holds him still, just for a second before pulling back and fucking him properly. Dean fucks him again and again, and Cas, it turns out, is even more expressive than he’d imagined. His back flexes and he balls his hands in the sheets and leans into Dean and cries out his name until he seems to tire, and then he whines a surprisingly high-pitched whine, punctuated with gasps of Dean’s name and little pleading asks, “Touch me, Dean. Dean, please—“ But Dean enjoys Cas’s desperation too much to make good on that. He keeps fucking Cas until they’re both gasping for breath and Cas reaches for himself, then he bats Cas’s hand away again, takes it and holds it against the mattress, enjoying the desperate sound Cas makes and the even more desperate way he moves beneath him. He keeps fucking Cas until Cas is cussing him out instead of crying his name, but Cas doesn’t tell him to stop so he keeps going until Cas is completely speechless, just moaning and leaning into him and Dean can feel his own orgasm just a few thrusts away, then he pulls out, falls down onto the mattress, and pulls Cas back on top of him.
“Do you keep them?”
“Hey. Go easy on me, now.”
“And, Cas?” Dean pants out.
Dean is watching him in return, and when Cas continues not to move, he reaches out a hand and cups Cas’s face softly. “You get shy again? What happened to the guy who put me in my place a minute ago?”
“‘Love apples?’”
Cas fingers Dean’s lips, so Dean sucks them. “I’ll be guilt-free in my purchase, then.”
“That’s one less thing to worry about, anyway—” Bal gives it a positive tone and leans toward Cas as he says it— “won’t get arrested.”
“And what’ll you do with me then, Cas? What will you do with me, in the dark, while everyone’s sleeping, when you have me all to yourself?”
“You really think I’m all composed and shit?”
Castiel nods.
“Are you sure you’re okay?”
Dean laughs. “The man studied chemistry at his fancy college. He don’t need you to do his books.”
“He’s not going to follow you to Santa Fe.”
“Beautiful ass of a man.”
“You gonna tell me now?” Dean asks. “Tell me what you done with my picture?”
Balthazar finishes the piece to no applause. There’s a grim pall over the room, like there really had just been a funeral there.
“You weren’t kidding about those blue eyes,” Bela muses, her own eyes dangerous.
“I didn’t leave,” Dean says gruffly, throat weirdly dry as he eyes the paper.
“Cas, why don’t you and Bal head down the road a ways?”
him? “You don’t say?”
“Yeah, but not
“Well, now that all three of us could potentially be arrested and tried for sodomy—and Dean, for assault—returning to the scene of the crime does seem enticing.”
Dean repeats, feeling like he’s fumbling the pronunciation, but Cas nods at him, hand still resting on Dean’s cheek. “And what’s that mean, huh? ‘Smartass?’”
he thinks, brushing his reddening skin lightly.
Dean runs. Up the front staircase and around the landing until he’s in front of Bela’s door. He barges in without knocking, and finds her leaned up against the front wall next to the open window, peeking out around sheer purple curtains. She meets his eye warily and Dean comes to stand beside her.
“Shit, it’s good to see you. How’s things?”
He does want a drink.
“Like this?”
Dean shifts in his seat. “Sure I will, Cas, I just— I guess I’m working up to it.”
Bal offers him another drag and Dean shakes his head. With a flash, Bal’s eyes seem to take him in, not unlike Cas’s way of looking inside his soul. “Could do with some running water, but no,” Bal says. “No, I suppose it’s not all bad.”
“Hot water and everything. You know,” he says, throat dry already, raising his eyebrows, “my room’s even got its own tub in it.”
It’s been five years.
Hell.
“Ain’t you lucky.” Dean spreads his legs a little wider. He’s a little less impatient now, just good and horny and ready for Cas.
This kinky son of a bitch.
“Yeah.”
“No.” Cas aims it at the sky. “I don’t understand what it’s for.”
“You get horny when you drink,” Cas observes, lip twitching.
“Miles ahead of you, man. Lightyears.”
“I don’t want to erase it. I don’t want to ignore it. I just want to talk about it. Right now. What is it you want to say to me right now?”
“You’re not.”
“Don’t you look handsome,” he says.
“Ready?” Dean asks, surprised at the roughness in his own voice.
“Hair of the dog,” Dean lies.
Cas gives him a dirty look, like bringing up the theft was a step too far, but Dean just smiles innocently back, tonguing his teeth and enjoying the view as Cas walks on through, and then he shuts the gate behind them.
“Not the way it does for Christians. Jews are not under a mandate to believe in God. It is more important,” he says, rubbing his chin thoughtfully, “to act in accordance with certain principles.”
“The chaos is making it difficult to tell what, if anything has changed. One thing we can guess is that at least some monsters came back, too. There’s a case in Missouri— vics drained, throats torn out.”
“Come on me, darlin’—“ And he doesn’t have to explain any more than that, Cas slides back onto him easily, so fucking loose and slick by now—
They stand like that for a while longer, until the chill breeze and the cold metal under his ass is too much to take.
“No, I like your voice, darlin’. Just don’t make me laugh, is all. I don’t want to get you with my teeth.”
When I came out of the bathroom Dean was still awake, "Dean. Go back to sleep, Mary's usually up by 8:30. I said and pulled on my boxers "Cas, I don't remember anything about our daughter. I'm going to fuck this up." Dean whispered, "no you wont. She's just like you, she loves your music so just play that and she'll be happy. She loves chicken nuggets and french fries or mac and cheese. Anything disney you put on the tv she'll zone out. She's doing really well with potty training, so no diapers, you just have to help her in the bathroom. You'll be fine, I believe in you." I whispered "I'm going to leave now, I'll be home around 4 unless you need me to come home earlier." I gave him a quick kiss and left for the bakery.
Charlie was sitting on the couch with her knees pulled up to her chest. Dean sat down next to her and just looked at her for a few minutes. “I’m really not mad at you by the way. I swear.”
“‘lo?”
“Whatever.” Sam gagged and went to the living room.
Dean took a big breath and let it out slowly looking up at Cas. "Okay, so you know homecoming night, a-at Dorothy's party… And we had sex for the first time?" Dean started his voice shaking a little, and Cas let out a nervous chuckle, "yeah, I remember… It was amazing." "Yeah it was. But uh." Dean started but stopped and Cas could see tears forming in his eyes, "I-I don't know how to say this." he sniffed breaking eye contact. "Dean, just say it, please you're starting to scare me." Cas said his heart racing.
“Cas. It’s fine really. Once of us needs to be coherent when we take Henry to Ellen’s.” They brushed their teeth and got dressed
"Come on, my mom wants to meet you." Dean said and Cas's heart started racing, 'what if I make a fool of myself, what if she doesn't like me and won't let Dean go out with me?!' Cas internally panicked. He followed Dean into the kitchen where his mother and a boy who must be Sam were talking about a science project. "Mom, this is Cas. Cas this is my mom, Mary." Dean introduced us.
Henry was still out by time they got to the hospital. “He’ll be okay right?” Dean asked.
'Cas is right. You've been pathetic ever since you're dad came around… Maybe he was right, you are worthless.' The voice started and Dean decided to dig his nails into his palm, that way he wouldn't get the attention from snapping the hair tie.
Cas found everyone at their usual table at lunch and sat next to Benny. "Hey guys… Um, did Dean text either of you?" Cas asked munching on a few fries. "Uh, no… He never talks to us during his heat." Charlie said giving him an odd look, "why did he talk to you?" Benny asked. "Yeah, he texted me saying that he needed to see me, but I just told him it would be a very bad idea and I'd talk to him this weekend." Cas explained, and before anyone else could say anything his phone rang.
Dinner went by quickly and quite awkwardly in Dean's opinion. To him it was too formal and he had an odd feeling about Cas's parents but didn't dare say anything about it. When Cas pulled up to Dean's house, Dean turned around to face Cas. "Want to come in for a bit? Bobby wont bring Sammy home till 9." Dean smiled a little. "Sure." Cas said and they walked up to the door holding hands but that quickly changed once they were inside. Dean pushed Cas up against the door and attacked his mouth taking Cas by surprise.
Dean sent the message opened his Itunes on his phone. Right as Rambling On came up his phone chimed,
“I can’t stand here and wait for someone to find him Cas.” Dean said finally out of Cas’ grip. He took off once again but was wrapped in a set of arms again.
“Who’s calling?”
"So Cas, we apparently have a what? Two year old three year old?" Dean asked once he was settled in the passenger seat of my car. "She's two, she'll be three in March." I said and started the car, "right, and you're 4 month pregnant, with twins." Dean stated "well, I'll be 4 months a few day's after your birthday." I said "What else do I need to know before I'm bombarded with people?"
. You're just some crazy ass psycho who is obsessed with my
“Sure thing.”
He crawled back into bed and snuggled up to Cas, making sure to kiss him real quick. Cas made a little noise in his sleep but never woke up, he just pulled Dean in closer to him.
They just stopped at the Roadhouse and ordered food to go and to give Ellen the news; once they got home, they ate in silence. "Cas, just use the bathroom down here to shower, I need to clean the upstairs one." Mary said quietly following him up the stairs and he just nodded. Cas started the water and put it as hot as he could stand it and just scrubbed his skin.
"What the fuck is all the shouting?!" Dean grumbled coming down the stairs thankfully at least in his boxers rubbing his eye. "AW come on! Really! Would it kill you to wear some clothes?" Charlie groaned looking away. "My house, I'll where what I wan red." Dean said sitting down in between me and Charlie and she moved to the chair. "You and Cas may have worked things out but I'm still upset because of what you did Winchester. I will get over it but not today." Charlie said, "how do you know what happened?" Dean asked, "well, Gabriel was watching Mary that night and when I came home I sort of had a break down and told him and his fat mouth told Charlie, so she came over to kick your ass…" I said relaxing back into the couch.
“I know. Thanks Dean… Love you, bye.”
Sam went up to his room to do his homework in quiet and Cas grabbed a Dr. Pepper from the fridge and sat down next to Dean. "How's Henry?" he asked, cracking open the can, "a lot better. The nurse said he should be able to come home soon." Dean grinned and shut his history book. "Good, I'm ready for sleepless nights." Cas chuckled and pulled out his own homework, "do that downstairs… I wanna lay down but I don't wanna be alone." Dean said and Cas grabbed his stuff and followed his boyfriend downstairs.
“Alright, I’ll pick dinner up on the way home. What sounds good?”
An hour later they laid in bed snuggled as close to each other as possible. "I wish we could stay like this forever." Dean mumbled pressing a kiss to Cas's chest, "hmm, me too." Cas agreed. "But, I have to go pick up Sammy, and I should probably drop you off at home so you can actually be in your own bed and get some new clothes." Dean chuckled sliding out of his bed grabbing his glasses in the process. "I don't wanna." Cas grumped burring his head under the covers, "Cas. Come on." Dean chuckled and yanked the blanked off him, "I hate you." he grumped but got out of bed, "no you don't otherwise we wouldn't be in this situation." Dean said gesturing to his stomach.
It was now the night before the Homecoming dance and Mary was checking in with the boys. "Alright, I want to know the plan for tomorrow and saturday since I will be working both days. Sam will be staying with Bobby and Ellen." Mary started, "well. The dance starts at 8, and we don't really want to go to the football game, so us along with Charlie and Benny and their dates are gonna go to the Roadhouse and eat before. Then I think Charlie's girlfriend is going to have a small party after the dance at her house and I think we're going to crash there." Dean explained.
"I hope coffee is okay, they didn't have the tea you like." Dean whispered handing me a cup, "coffee is fine, thank you." I whispered back, "how's she doin'?" Dean asked pulling the chair closer to the bed, "fine for now, she had a coughing fit about 5 minutes before you walked in and fell right back asleep." I said playing with her curls. There was a soft knock on the door and the doctor came in, "good morning, how's Mary this morning?" He asked, "fine, she had a coughing fit earlier and went back to sleep." I told him, "okay, well that's normal, but we would like to give her one more cat scan before we let you go just to check things out."
"No! NO NO NO! MAMA!" Mary wailed starting to cry and kicking her feet. "Jesus Mary, okay okay." I said and picked her back up and set her on my lap and she hid her face in my chest. "What was that about?" John asked "I think she feels left out because of all the attention Claire's getting, she's not used to another baby around." I said rubbing her back and glanced nervously at Dean. Dinner went quickly and some what difficult with Mary still refusing to sit in her high chair, once everyone was done eating and the table was cleared Gabe asked, "Cassie? Can I talk to you for a moment?" "Of course." I said putting Mary on Dean's lap and let out a relieved sigh when she didn't panic.
With plans set for tomorrow evening, Cas decides to run to the store to get things for a special dinner tonight. “Dean, I’m going to run to the grocery store real quick!”
“Probably not.” Dean chuckled, “let’s go pick up Henry and go home.”
The later it got the more busy the campus life got. Students leaving classes or headed out to parties. “Dude let’s crash a college party.” Dean grinned.
“Of course, I’ll see if I can drop Henry off at Bobby and Ellens.”
He dropped the papers on Bobby's desk and scooted as close as possible to Cas. "What's wrong?" Cas asked when he could smell how pissed and slightly scared Dean was, when Dean just shook his head Cas grabbed his hand under the table, he could already smell Dean calm down a little.
"Mornin' Cas." Charlie greeted when she came back to the kitchen. "Morning." I said pulling muffins from the oven to put on the cooling rack. "Cas, it's 5:30 and you've already got about everything done for the display case… When did you get here?" Charlie asked pulling her apron over her head. "4…" I said quietly hoping she wouldn't hear, "4?! Jesus Cas, you're not a machine! You've got a two year old, how the hell do you do that?"
“Do you want some pie now?” Cas asked.
Dean sunk to the floor gasping for air. “Dean let me explain things.” Cas said coming up to him.
"I don't know!" Dean sighed and flopped down on the couch. "Cas, we can't have another baby." Dean groaned, and grabbed his phone from the table, "what are you doing?" Cas asked as he started pacing the living room. "Calling Charlie." Dean responded.
“Oh.” Cas gasped a little. “Well, there are certain other activities that would be safe.” he grinned.
“A little bit. It was good to talk to Dr. Hansen today and just being near Henry again makes me feel better.”
I pulled out two photo albums and brought my lap top to the bed, "ready to take a stroll down memory lane?" I asked sliding in next to Dean. "Let's start with this one." I said putting the album on both of our legs, the first page was filled with graduation photos, "Cas, I remember all of this…" Dean said as I flipped the page to some Christmas pictures, "I know, but there's pictures in hear that you don't remember too. Just be patient." I said and flipped the page again and I felt Dean stiffen a little.
“Can’t. Move.” Cas gasped.
"Oh, interesting. Well, let's get this show on the road. I'm sure you're excited to see the baby." She said taking my blood pressure first. Once she was done with that she put on the gel and started up the machine, "Cas?!" Dean gasped and all I could do was stare in shock. "Well how bout that…. No wonder you're bigger than you were with Mary. Congrats you two. Mary, do you want to come look at your baby brother and or sister?" Dr. Maddison asked and Dean brought her closer so she could see the twins.
"Well nothings broken thank god. You'll just have a nice bruise along your side and be sore for a while." Mary said showing Dean his X-ray. "Good." was all Dean said knowing that he had to go to therapy now. "Okay sweetie, go to the top floor and you'll go to room 322. I should be home around 10 tonight. Love you." Mary said and kissed Dean's forehead, "yeah, love you too." Dean said quietly and walked to the elevator.
It's been a week since my last heat came and gone, Dean had taken Mary to the park so I was alone. I was glad I was alone while I waited for the results on the newest pregnancy test. When the timer went off on my phone I got up and checked the test. 'Negative' "Damn it!" I shouted and chucked the test into the trash. I went back to the bedroom and picked up my phone; "Lawrence Medical Center, this is Beth, how may I help you?" A cheery voice came through, "Hi, this is Castiel Winchester, I need to make an appointment with Doctor Maddison please." I said calmly.
“Yeah papa.”
Cas just sat there holding Dean's hand and watching the little monitor screen they had up of the baby, sure there still wasn't much to look at; but it made Cas feel a little better. "Cas, honey, you should come home with Sam and I." Mary said quietly, startling him. "No. I'm not leaving them." Cas said trying not to sound rude, "I know you do honey, believe me; I want to stay too." Mary said, "please. J-just till he wakes up." Cas pleaded his voice shaking a little. "At least come home and eat something and shower. You still have blood on you." Mary suggested and Cas looked down at himself, "okay. Is there anyway I can stay with him overnight?" he asked not looking away from Dean and the baby monitor. "I'm sure I can arrange a few things." Mary said and wrapped her arm around him, ushering him out of the room.
"Smart ass." Dean mumbled.
Sam said, starting to get upset.
“What’s wrong? Where’s Henry?” Cas asked.
When the bell rang Dean already had Henry strapped into his carseat and he said goodbye to Charlie and Benny. Cas stayed behind and Bobby somehow knew that the two needed to talk so he wrote Cas a pass and left the two to talk. "Wanna tell me what happened earlier?" Cas started, "don't know what you're talkin' bout Cas." Dean said packing up Henry's diaper bag. "Come on Dean, you about had a full blown panic attack when Bobby took Henry." Cas said putting his hand on top of Dean's to make him stop and listen.
"Alright Dean the ribbons are up, go and look." Ms. Barnes said, "oh and meet me in my office after, I need to talk to you." she smiled and walked off. Dean squeezed Cas' hand and headed towards his sketch of Lucy since they were closer to that, when he saw the red ribbon his heart sank just a little, "second place, Dean that's not bad." Cas smiled. Dean nodded and they made their way towards the painting section but noticed Benny got first place on one of his wielding pieces.
~_~_~_~
Mary answered,
"Do you want to stay in here? I'll be in and out, I'm going to get you the one's I use, they haven't been wrong yet." I said and Gabe just nodded his head so I got out and ran into the store and bought two tests. I was back in the car in less than 5 minutes "do you want to go to your apartment or do you want to come back to my place?" I asked setting the bag in the back seat, "can we go back to your place?" He whispered; we got back and Dean was in the living room watching Dr. Sexy while Mary played in her little corner with her dolls. "Hey, where'd you go?" Dean asked when he saw Gabe and I walk in, "go upstairs to my room, I'll be up in a second." I told Gabe and he nodded. "Cas? What's going on?" Dean asked sitting up so I sat next to him. "I'm going to tell you something and you have to promise me you will not tease him for this or say anything that you wouldn't want to say to me. Got it?" I said firmly "okay? I promise."
We got home around 9 and Missouri was sitting on the couch reading. "Thank you, for watching Mary tonight." I said when Missouri stood up and gave me a hug. "No problem honey." Missouri left and I found Dean already in our room laying in the middle of the bed. "You're going to have to scoot over." I said crawling up beside him, "tomorrow is my appointment with Dr. Maddison." I said after we put on our pajamas. "Will we get to see the gender of the pups?" Dean asked, "I don't know, maybe if they're in the right position." I said and fell asleep shortly after that.
Dean said goodnight to his mother and went up to his room. He grabbed his phone and flopped on his bed, he had one text message
They popped in Avengers and Cas went to go get the chips and popcorn. Half way through the movie Dean could feel the pup moving so he grabbed Charlie's hand, since she was right next to him, "what are you doing?" she asked when he grabbed it. "Shh." was Dean's only response and he placed her hand on the top of his stomach, "I still don't know what your doing…" she said looking at him weird, "just wait." Dean said and ran one finger down the center of his stomach and a solid kick was pushed against Charlie's hand, "holy crap! That's so cool, do it again!" she grinned, "just wait, he'll start moving like crazy on his own." Dean said smiling a little and leaned into Cas a little more.
"He will once it's over. But, he's pretty out of it, and he's starting to get sick. So I have an idea; he keeps asking for Cas, so what we're going to do is, we are going to stop at Cas's place and I'm going to see if Cas will give me a few of his shirts so Dean has his scent. I'm hoping that will calm him down enough to the point where he isn't getting sick." Mary explained as they made their way to Cas's. "Why is he asking for Cas? He's never asked for an alpha before." Sam asked, "I think it's because they've become so close and they were doing some things that triggered his heat." Mary said and parked outside the house. "Stay here I'll be back soon."
Dean backed the suburban up into Charlie’s driveway and unbuckled Henry. “Okay big guy, you’re gonna sit with Charlie’s mom okay? Be good.” Dean said as he carried Henry up to the front door.
“Calm down cher, we’ll get him.” Benny’s voice rang through Dean’s ear.
“I’m going to go get a bottle of water for Dean, I’ll put Henry back to bed after if needed.”
SURPRISE! :D
"When he dropped me off we saw dad's truck on the side of the road so we both hurried up and came inside, and when we did, we could hear him and Dean yelling at each other in the basement. So we ran down there and as soon as we reached the bottom we saw him punch Dean then throw him on the ground. Bobby shoved him off and kicked him out." Sam explained.
“Love you too.” Dean barely got the words out before the FaceTime ended.
Benny brushed past Cas and wrapped one arm around Charlie's middle picking her up off the floor, physically removing herself from Dean. "Thank you." Dean grumped fixing his shirt, "no problem brother. Congrats by the way." Benny smiled, and Dean blushed, "uh, thanks…" he said quietly but quickly smiled when Cas came up giving him a quick kiss. "I can't believe I'm going to be an Aunt!" Charlie squealed plopping down on the couch, "um Charlie, I hate to burst your bubble… But you wont actually be his or her aunt…" Dean said rubbing the back of his neck. "Don't care. The kid will call me Aunt Charlie." She said crossing her arms and stuck out her tongue.
Once Dean knew he was alone he started talking quietly, "don't worry little man.. That whore out there is never going to take your daddy, papa… shit, what ever you end up calling him away…" Dean got a whiff of watermelon and he chuckled, "I'm never going to leave you… I'm not going to leave if you present beta, alpha, or omega. I love you…" Dean whispered.
“What?” Dean asked.
Dean stared at the message and got annoyed, normally he ignored them but this time he replied;
“Hey, slow down.” Dean chuckled after Henry kept chugging the water.
“Seriously?” Dean asked and turned around.
“Henry wants his new friend Claire to come play…” Dean mentioned while they were walking down an aisle at the store.
Gabe and I went into the office where we knew that it would be far enough from everyone so the wouldn't hear, "I think now is the time to tell everyone…" Gabe said unzipping his jacket and I followed. Gabe walked in first and I quickly went and stood behind Dean hiding my shirt for now. Everyone was busy talking so they didn't notice us come back into the room; then suddenly Charlie yelled out, "what the hell!? Gabe! You-your shirt!" Everyone stopped talking and looked at Gabriel, "dude, what?!" Charlie was still confused. "Surprise?" Gabe smiled and put his hand on his stomach which pressed the shirt down more and you could see the small bump.
"So I was thinking that for the swim page we could obviously have a water theme but-" Dean stopped short, the person sitting next to him wasn't Bobby. 'Jesus Christ, am I going to have every fucking class with this guy?' Dean thought to himself. "Hey." Cas said quietly and Dean's green eyes widened slightly, "uh h-hi." Dean stuttered. "W-what are you doing here?" Dean asked mentally slapping himself, "uh, this is my class… I was late because I had a free period and I wanted to fill it and this was the only available class." Cas smiled, "oh, um. Awesome." Dean said and went back to the list.
"Sam also told me your test result. Now, I want you to be honest with me. Do you want to keep it?" She asked and Dean sat up and just stared at her, was she asking him to have an abortion?! "What? Mom I'm not killing it." Dean said shocked, "what?! God no, that's not what I meant. I meant would you want to put it up for adoption?" She asked, "I-I don't know… I don't think so. But I need to talk to Cas." Dean said eyes burning but he had no more tears to spill. "I'll talk to him tomorrow for you and have him come over." Mary said, "no, not yet… I-I want to make sure first." Dean said, "what do you mean?" Mary asked.
I was standing at the register getting things ready to go before open when Gabriel came in. "Hello Cassie!" He practically yelled, "good morning Gabe, I thought today was your day off?" I asked putting the last of the money into the drawer. "It is but Amelia called and asked if I could work, something bout morning sickness." Gabe said hoping up onto the counter, "yeah, morning sickness sucks. Now get your nasty ass of the counter." I said smacking him upside the head. I was running the coffee station today since Gilda had the day off, and it has been busy ever since we opened.
Cas got his own burger with just some bacon and tomato on it and grabbed a little bit of everything except for the chicken. They sat with Gabe, Benny and Charlie.
“That’s fine. Thank you.” he sighed and sat on the couch. With the thought of loosing Henry today, Amelia showing up, loosing the pup and just the stress of everything Cas broke down and started crying, unable to keep it bottled up any longer.
"Sam and Jess extended their offer to the zoo, I'm going and I think it would be fun if you came too." I said shifting Mary to my other hip. "Alright, give me 45 minutes." Dean yawned and I walked out of the room to give Dean some privacy. "What was all the yelling about?" Sam asked once Mary and I returned to the kitchen, I chuckled "I thought it would be funny to have Mary wake Dean up so I had her yell as loud as she could and it was worth the ringing ears." I smiled and set Mary down so she could do what ever. "Ah, well, I can just see Dean's reaction." Sam chuckled.
“No.”
“I got everything to make a pie, so yes I got pie but no I didn’t because I still have to make it.” Cas said and handed Dean the bags of Mexican food.
I had just gotten Mary down for a nap and I was half way down the stairs when the doorbell rang twice. "For the love of christ! I swear whoever it is wakes up Mary, I will personally rip their heads off." I growled to myself and hurried to the door. I opened it right as Gabriel was about to ring the bell again; "Gabriel! I swear, if you ring that doorbell one more fucking time, it will be the last thing you do." I growled catching him by surprise.
~_~_~_~
“You ready big guy?” Cas asked once everything was cleaned up.
"Thank you sweetie, that's very nice of you." I said and Mary sat herself on the floor and started rubbing my foot, not putting any pressure on them or anything just rubbing. I chuckled and Mary looked up, "what's so funny mama?" "Nothing, you're just very good at foot rubs." I chuckled again and Mary smiled, Dean leaned over from behind the couch and whispered, "don't worry baby, tonight I'll give you a nice long foot rub. You deserved it." I stopped myself from shivering and just turned my head to kiss him, "that sounds pleasant, thank you." I said, "hey, quit with the mushy shit and order the pizza, I'm starving!" Gabe said "Gabe bad word!" Mary scolded, "sorry kiddo. Won't happen again." Gabe replied. "Okay, what should I order?" Dean asked, "you know my usual, just get a medium one and make it half cheese, Mary and I can just share that, then you and Gabe can get what ever you want." I said "Gabe?" Dean asked.
Mary was asleep by time we got home so I carried her inside, "go ahead and let everyone know we're home. Tell them they can come over around 2. I'm going to take a shower and then take a nap." I said quietly once we got inside. "Okay, a nap sounds nice I just might join you." Dean said carrying the duffle upstairs and I followed with Mary. "Keep an eye on her while I take a shower then you can take one." I said laying Mary down on the fresh sheets and peeled off my shirt. "Cas, shouldn't we put her in her own bed?" Dean asked following me into the bathroom.
“Grown up things.” Dean said and quickly asked if Henry was hungry to get the subject changed.
While they talked, they talked about next semester of school. "So boys, that musical is comin' up… You gonna join?" Bobby asked. "I thought about it." Cas said, "what is the musical this year?" Dean asked, "Into the Woods." Cas said. "Oh, well you should, you're a good singer." Dean said bumping his shoulder, "I will if you do." Cas said, and Dean just scoffed, "yeah the play's not till spring, I'm sure they'll want a pregnant guy waddling around the stage. I'll see if I can work on scenery." Dean said.
"Dad, give it back!" Dean yelled but John just ignored him. "What is this?! Who's sonogram is this?!" John bellowed glaring at Mary, but she just slowly shook her head. That's when it clicked in John's head, he turned and saw Dean looking at his feet with this 'Castiel' kid's arm wrapped around his waist. "Dean. Is this yours?" John asked quietly, and when Dean didn't answer John got furious. "DEAN!? IS. THIS. YOURS?!" He yelled, and Dean just nodded. "ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS?! YOU'RE 16 YEARS OLD AND YOU GET KNOCKED UP?!" He yelled then turned to Mary, "What kind of mother are you?! Letting some alpha near her son while he's in heat?"
"I can't mom, I barley know him. I just meet him today, but." Dean stopped, "yes, but you can get to know him. The way Bobby talked, from what he saw today in class, it seems like this Castiel boy likes you too. Bobby said he couldn't stop staring at you." Mary said and put her arms around Dean pulling him in for a hug. "I know you're scared about this, but it's going to happen sooner or later, you're going to find someone who you like, you go on dates. It's all apart of growing up." Mary continued and Dean wrapped his arms around his mother and breathed in her scent trying to calm down.
"I can't believe I get to bring him home today Cas!" Gabe said pulling into the parking lot of the hospital. "I know, it'll be exciting. And the offer still stands if you want to stay with us for a few weeks just to have some help." I said "I know, but I think I'll be able to handle it, if I need a break I can always swing by and besides, I think Anna is going to stay with me a few days." Gabe replied.
“He’s been coughing but other than that he’s been doing pretty good.” Charlie explained.
She said and Cas could tell her voice was kind of off.
“Oh you know… The little deed that made you guys almost two hours late to your own reception.”
Dean came downstairs and I handed him a travel mug of coffee and we headed out the door. "Wait, let me get the stroller out of the closet." I said running back into the house. I grabbed the stroller and put it in the trunk of the Impala. "Okay, let's go." I said and Dean pulled out of the driveway and followed Sam and Jess. We arrived at the zoo an hour later and Mary was already jabbering about the animals.
“Good. I was hoping he’d do that. Henry, this is Jessica. Can you say hi?”
"DEAN!" Jo shouted as soon as he was in the living room, "JO!" Dean mocked her, "I wanna see it!" she said starting to move towards him before Ellen grabbed her arm, "calm down, leave the boy alone." Ellen said pushing Jo back into the couch. "It's okay Jo, I'll show you in a minute." Dean chuckled and Cas gave him a funny look. They put the remaining presents under the tree and helped Mary unload the pie and green bean casserole before settling.
“Shh Cassie. It’s okay.” Gabe soothed and just held onto his brother.
Henry peeked over Dean’s shoulder at the young omega and gave a shy wave. “Hi.” he whispered.
"Alright Dean, lay down on the table and we'll get started." He said turning on the machine, once Dean was in place they started the scan. "Scan looks good Dean, there's no swelling or anything. Now, your arm is another story, the break along your wrist is looking good and healing fast, but the other two along your radius and your ulna aren't healing as fast." The doctor said pointing out the cracks.
“Alright, be safe. I love you.” Dean said and gave Cas one more kiss before handing the impala keys over and taking the suburban keys.
Mary asked and Dean turned red as a tomato,
Like clockwork, the twins started moving around 6:30. "Really? It's Saturday. Can't you let me sleep in?" I whispered so I wouldn't wake Dean and received a kick as if they were saying "nope." I groaned and got out of bed quietly not wanting to wake Dean. After I finished in the bathroom I checked on Mary who was snoring softly cuddling the small bumble bee plushy and Squirt was curled in a ball at her feet. I smiled at the scene and headed down stairs made some tea and turned on the tv.
“Steaks, asparagus and potatoes.”
Cas rolled his eyes tugged on his boxers and started his homework. He started thinking about the collage for photography and came to the realization that he doesn't really even have family pictures… "Well shit." He said and hit his forehead on his work desk. He stayed like that for awhile until his phone buzzed, he looked at the caller id, "what Gabe?" Cas groaned,
“Jess, can Cas come over?” Dean asked.
"This one's on ore my my favorite pictures." I said pointing to the one of Dean sleeping, the french doors were open so the sun was casting a soft glow in the room making Dean's tan skin look like it was glowing. The first album ended with Mary's first birthday. "There isn't much in the second album yet, but I do have our wedding video on my laptop if you want to watch it." I said setting the albums on my night stand. I found the video on the computer and hit play, about half way through the video Dean suddenly shut the lap top, "Dean what the hell?" I asked and looked over at him.
Dean picked her up and she locked her arms and legs around him like a monkey, "okay, if you'll follow me please." the doctor said leading the way out of the room, Dean had one arm supporting Mary and held my hand with the other. Dean laid Mary down on the table, "can you be a good girl for daddy and lay still for a little bit?" Dean asked holding her hand and she shook her head. Mary stayed still so the scan would go quickly.
“GOD DAMN IT LET ME GO!” Dean yelled and kicked.
The first day always feel like it takes a month for Dean. He barely pays attention through Algebra II, he knows his photography class is next along with another art class after. His mind also wonders over to the new kids, he still hasn't seen either of them. He wonders what they're like, if they'll be snotty rich brats or normal people, or even jocks.
"Alright mom… Love you too." Cas said and hung up tossing his phone next to him on the bed. "I'm glad you called her." Dean said bumping his shoulder against Cas's. "Me too." Cas sighed and ran his hands over his face. "When did he wake up?" Cas asked resting his head on Dean's shoulder and continued to play with Henry's foot.
“As cliche as it sounds but time. And someone to talk to and to trust. Distracting yourself helped me a lot.”
“Daddy you said no yelling in da house.” Henry frowned.
course I did… She’ll be happy to have a brother.”
“Shh, honey it’s me. I’m sorry I didn’t mean to scare you.” Mary soothed. Once Dean realized what was going on he started sobbing.
"Cas?" Mary answered on the third ring, "hi… I'm sorry to call you so early, but Dean woke up a few minutes ago. I made him go back to sleep." Cas explained. "Oh thank god. Okay, Sam and I will be there later this morning." she said after a yawn, "I can finally catch some sleep." she chuckled softly.
"Please Mary, mama doesn't feel very good." I pleaded feeling the heat intensify, pretty soon my scent will start becoming more noticeable and cause trouble. "Okay mama." Mary said and allowed me to pick her up so we could get to the car faster. I got Mary buckled up in record time and headed home calling Missouri on the way, "Hello dear, how are you?" Missouri's voice came through the speaker, "hi Missouri, can I ask you a huge favor, I know it's last minute and it's kinda embarrassing for me…" I said turning down the road to get to the house.
Back at the hospital Cas immediately crawled into the bed with Dean and scented his neck a little, already feeling a little calmer. He noticed that Dean's heartbeat and the baby's also got a tad stronger with him there; Cas smiled a little, kissed Dean's cheek and let the exhaustion take him into a deep sleep.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t do it to make you feel bad I-I…” Cas struggled to find words.
“Amelia. You know you’re violating your restraining order.” Cas said while stepping in front of Dean.
“Charlie. I’m getting married.” Dean said softly, all of it becoming so real.
“Do you want to talk about what’s going on?” Dean asked and Charlie just sighed and eventually nodded. Dean walked around the bed and slid in next to his best friend.
“Here’s the sketch. Judging by her reaction I’d say this is him.” Dean said.
"You two did it didn't you." She grinned even wider looking more like the Cheshire Cat. When Cas looked away and the tips of Dean's ears turning bright red, she got her answer. "Ooohhhh you did! Lucky bastards, I haven't been able to see Dorothy in almost two weeks." she sighed and sat back in her chair.
Dean noticed Charlie’s change of clothes when he walked in. “I brought you a couple things.” He set the drinks and crackers on the night stand.
"Do you really think I should audition for the play?" Cas asked while they were snuggled up on their couch watching the 'Grinch'. "Yeah, Cas I've heard you sing. You're pretty good, I know Charlie's auditioning I think she's even got Benny dragged into it." Dean chuckled.
“I dunno.” Henry said again and shoved a grape in his mouth.
They got Dean cleaned up and allowed Cas to lay with him while he slept. An hour later Dean stirred and slowly sat up wincing as he went, a few minutes later the door was slowly pushed opened and Mary came in carrying a small blue bundle.
Dean had never felt so awkward around his aunt before now. He was sitting in the passenger side of Ellen's truck picking at his nails when Ellen spoke up, "listen Dean. I know you're nervous, and if you are in the situation you're in, just know that we are all here for you and Cas if you end up keeping it." Ellen said softly and Dean just nodded and wrapped his arms around himself wincing a little at the pull of his healing cut. Ellen found a parking spot by the door and walked in with Dean, "do you want me to stay out here sweetie?" she asked, "i-if you don't mind… Mom's going to be in there with me." Dean said and Ellen just smiled at him and found a spot in the waiting area while Dean went to the front desk and asked for his mom.
"She's going to be okay! Dean I don't know what I would have done if we lost her." I said crying again, Dean rubbed my back when we heard John's voice "boys?!" We broke apart and John saw our tears, "shit. I-is she?" John couldn't finish "no, no, she's okay. She's going to be okay." I said not letting go of Dean's waist. "Oh thank god." John said wiping away the few tears that spilled; Gabe, Charlie, and Gilda arrived shortly after and we told them all what the doctor said. "Dean? Castiel?" A small nurse came up, "yes?" "You may go see your daughter now, she's asleep but you can go in." The nurse said, "okay, what about the rest of the family?" I asked, "I would advise just you two for now, I'm sorry." The nurse said and walked away.
Mr. Olsen glared at the phone but walked over and answered it, "what?" he snapped. "Well, I'm in the middle of a lesson, it can wait." he stated and listened for a few seconds, "yes, alright fine." he sighed and hung up. "Castiel Novak, you are excused. You are to report to the office." he said and it took Cas a moment to realize that Mr. Olsen was talking to him.
“Ellen?”
“Oh fuck yes!” Dean yelled and pushed back against Cas, who slapped Dean’s ass a few more times. He moved his hands to Dean’s waist and grabbed on to give himself more leverage.
“I love you too.”
"Cas pleaasssee tell me. He's one of my best friends!" Charlie begged, "yeah Cas, I'm worried about him too." Benny said and he just sighed, "fine. But let me call him and ask if it's okay to tell you." he said pulling out his phone. He called Dean but he never answered, "he must be sleeping or something." Cas said setting his phone on the table but it rang instantly and Dean's name popped up.
Dean was in a grumpy mood practically the whole day, he was somewhat happy when he hand't seen Amelia at all in the halls. But that went down the drain, they were sitting at lunch when a chair pulled up right next to Cas'. "Um hello?" Charlie said eyeing Amelia, "Hi. Hey Cas." She smiled and Dean let out a quiet growl that only Charlie, Benny, and Cas heard.
"I'll make you a deal. Enter the art show, and I'll buy what ever you need. And when you get there and you start feeling anxious, you can leave." Mary suggested and Dean smiled, "deal." he said and finished his food. "When is it?" Mary asked a little while later. "What?" Dean asked from the sink where he was washing dishes, "the art show." she said, "oh, uh I think it's in January. I have to submit my entry by next friday." Dean said rinsing off the last plate and dried off his hands.
“Hey yourself.” Dean grinned back.
“MOM!” Jessica yelled and burst into tears.
"Alright, I did some digging before satan and his mistress could catch me and, yeah.." Gabe said handing Dean and Cas a medium sized box with a bow on top. "Go on, open it." he begged, Dean set it on the island so Mary and Sam could also see what was in it, Cas gasped, "Gabe, h-how did you find this. I thought mother got rid of it." Cas said pulling out a baby blanket and a old teddy bear. "Are you kidding? She may be cold but she did save our baby things." Gabe said, "this was your stuff?" Dean asked pulling out a few more toys. "Yeah." Cas whispered, "Gabe, thank you." Cas said pulling his brother into a hug. "No problem Cassie, I gotta give my nice or nephew something right?" He chuckled. "It's great Gabe, thanks." Dean said and moved around the island to give him a hug also.
~_~_~_~
“Yes, he just inhaled a lot of smoke, your mate got to him just in time. We just need to give him some oxygen for a while.” the paramedic told him.
Once dinner was done and left overs were in the fridge, everyone headed to the living room, Charlie and Mary were on the floor coloring while Gabe and Gilda were talking about the Bakery, and Dean John, and Jimmy were discussing something about the Auto Shop, while Amelia and I talked about her pregnancy. "I don't know how you did it Cas, this morning sickness is going to kill me." Amelia said rubbing her stomach, "I actually got some medicine left over that helps reduce morning sickness, do you want it? It's not prescription I found it at the drug store and Dr. Maddison said it is completely safe for you and the baby." I said "really? Then yes, I would love some." Amelia chuckled, "alright follow me."
“Where’s the fire red?” Dean chuckled, obviously in a better mood.
Cas continued to lay on Dean's lap and eventually fell asleep. A few hours later Dean was tapping his shoulder, "Cas, baby get up, I need to change Henry." "kay." Cas mumbled and sat up to let Dean up, "what time does that party start?" Dean asked once he was settled in front of Henry. "I think 7, I'll text Charlie." Cas said standing up to stretched and to wake up a bit more.
“Cas.” he whispered. “You idiot.” Dean grinned and grabbed the suit before pulling Cas in for a kiss.
"Are you sure?" Dean asked rubbing the cool cloth on the back of my neck, "yes, I know Mary's excited to see Santa." I said and buried my face in Dean's neck. "Alright then, crawl back in bed, I'll make you some tea." Dean said and I crawled back under the covers and fell asleep quickly. Next time I woke up there were tiny feet pressed against my back I looked over to see a sleeping Mary, laying sideways with her feet up the back of my shirt. I couldn't help but laugh at the sight, "good, you're up." I looked over at the door to see Dean coming in with a mug of tea in his hands, "I was going to bring this to you earlier but by time I got out of the bathroom you were already out. Then Mary woke up and demanded she lay next to you." Dean chuckled and set the mug down and kissed my forehead.
At one end of the freshly mown yard was a small wooden arch with flowers woven into it, a handful of chairs and fairy lights woven in through the fencing. “Cas?”
“Well them just sitting there isn’t going to help anything!”
"Right here…" he said nodding towards Cas. "Oh, uh wow, Cas you ha, okay…" she said obviously shocked, "never thought you'd be in this position yet…" she chuckled a little. "Sorry princess. What can you do? Drunk night on homecoming and you get stuck with a baby. Come on, you wanted to leave." Dean said starting to walk away. "Amelia, why don't you come over, we have some catching up to do." Cas suggested and Dean tried to hold in his anger but Cas just looked at him funny when he smelt the anger. "Oh, um.. I don't want to impose, but I haven't seen Bartholomew and Naomi in a while. Sure, I'd love to come over." She smiled eyeing Dean a little.
When Dean opened the front door he was greeted by Lucy, the 2 year old German Shepherd, "Lucy! How are you girl?" Dean asked grabbing the chord to tie her up outside for a little bit, once inside he threw his bag on the couch and went up to his room. He grabbed his sketch pad and opened to a blank page clear in the back, noting that he'd have to buy a new one soon. He sat in his desk and tried to think of what to draw, before he knew it his hand was flying over the paper, half an hour later he sat back and stared in shock of what he drew.
"Alright honeys, I'll leave you be. And I'll be back over tomorrow evening." Missouri left and we sat in comfortable silence for a while before Dean said something, "she seems nice." "Daddy, 'souri is really nice!" Mary said from his lap and Dean chuckled "I'll take your word for it sweetie." 10 minutes later Mary was snoring softly, "uh, Cas? What do I do?" Dean whispered, "let's put her in her room." I said and I scooped her off Dean's lap with out waking her, "follow me." I whispered and headed up the stairs and I heard Dean's footsteps behind me.
“Jessica’s mom burst into Jody’s office and scared him.” Dean explained.
"Dean, I swear to god, if you do not move away from me in the next 5 seconds I will cut off your balls and shove them down your throat." I threatened when Dean started hovering over me. "Sorry, it's just that today's your due date and I'm nervous." Dean said moving from the couch to his recliner. "I understand, but with you hovering over me and Mary constantly asking when they'll be here is starting to drive me nuts." I groaned, "and besides, I'm surprised I've made it to my due date. Normally twins come early."
Hello! Thank you all for your lovely comments. They mean the world to me, just like you guys <3
“Are you sure? You haven’t really eaten today.” Cas asked.
Dean sighed but chuckled. “You know, you’re just a little over 6 foot and I still see you as my scrawny, short little brother.”
Mary was passed out by time we got home so Dean carried her up the stairs and put her to bed and we both passed out shorty after. I woke up at 6:30 with my stomach rolling, I lurched out if bed and made it to the bathroom just in time to puke up last nights supper. "Cas? Baby you okay?" Dean asked as he crouched down to rub my back. "I thought you were done with your morning sickness." "I am. I don't know I guess all the greasy food didn't agree with me." I said and to prove my point I puked again. "Maybe we should just stay home." Dean said getting up to get a cold wash cloth, "no, today's the last day to get pictures with Santa, go ahead and take Mary, I'm just going to stay in bed." I said standing up and flushing the evidence away.
Dean went downstairs and found Mary in the living room reading, "hey mom?" Dean asked walking into the room. Mary put her book down, "hmmm" "i-is it okay if Cas comes over too? Uh Charlie kinda already invited him…" Dean said quietly looking at the floor. "Dean, look at me honey." Dean slowly looked up and faced his mom, "do you want Cas to come over?" She asked, "yeah, I do.. Like a lot." Dean blushed, not meaning to say the last part; Mary chuckled, "yes, he can come over, I'll make sandwiches for you guys later." Mary smiled.
"You hungry?" Dean whispered and unbuttoned his flannel and Henry latched immediately. "I take that as a yes." he laughed and watched his son nurse. "I love you so much Henry… So much." he whispered.
Mary wrapped her legs and arms around him like she usually does and buried her nose against Dean's neck. We made our way to the living room which I hadn't seen this clean since we moved in. "Missouri, did- you didn't have to clean!" I gasped "Oh hush. It's the least I could do to welcome Dean home. There is also a casserole in the fridge that you just need to heat up." She said and kissed my cheek. "Dean honey, how are you?" Missouri asked, and I could tell Dean was trying to remember her, "I, uh… Good. Just trying to remember things I guess." Dean said.
“Henry what’s going on?”
Dean was already enjoying the hot spray when Cas joined him. “He’s still sleeping.” Cas said and wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist.
“Good, can you put papa on the phone?”
Ten minutes later they got the questions done and Dean was eager to get out of the house. "Bye mom! Be back later!" Dean called out, "alright, remember it's 10 tonight!" She called back but they barely heard her. "Where we going?" Cas asked once he was buckled in, "I was thinking Roadhouse for a burger, then we go to our spot." Dean answered, "sounds good to me."
"I'm sorry. What was so annoying?" Dean asked, "Amelia." was all Cas said and the head massage stopped. "What happened this time?" Dean groaned, Cas opened his eyes and looked up to Dean's green ones and could see a little bit of anger but mostly annoyance in them. "Nothing really, just being her usual self… She wanted to know if I was going to the party tonight and I told her not if you didn't want to. And she then went on a rant about how your an omega and I, as your alpha should be able to do what ever I want." Cas said closing his eyes again.
“Charlie go soak a towel in cold water please.” Cas ordered and gently took Dean’s hands away from his face. “Dean. Alistair is locked away, he can’t hurt you. I will go to the courthouse first thing in the morning and make damned sure she can’t get near you or Henry.”
"Like two seconds after you came in here." Dean answered. "Hmm." Cas hummed, "stay here with him, I'll finish cleaning." Dean said sliding Henry closer to Cas so he could get off the bed. "Dean, I can finish the bathroom, that's the only thing left." Cas said, "it's fine Cas, stay with your son." Dean smiled and left the room.
Cas carefully slid the band on Dean’s finger, nervous if he’d like it or not. It was also a silver band but it had a few small diamonds in it. Dean’s jaw dropped “Cas it’s beautiful.” he whispered.
Cas moaned and quickly shifted their positions and ground his hips down making Dean's breath hitch, the continued making out until Gabe barged in. "WOAH! Not what I wanted to see!" He yelled covering his eyes, Cas rolled his eyes and the two sat up, "Gabe, I told you to quit just barging into my room, and quit covering your eyes. We're fully dressed." Cas said and Dean just fixed his glasses and re adjusted his shirt.
He found Cas and Henry in the kitchen eating scrambled eggs and bacon. Dean stole a piece of bacon off Cas’ plate. “Hey. Your plate is by the stove back off.” Cas huffed. They ate their breakfast and while Dean washed up dishes Cas got Henry cleaned up.
"No Cas, that's Star Trek… Okay we're watching Star Wars." Dean said and gently lowered himself to the floor so he could get to the movies. He popped the movie in and sat next to Cas… A lot closer than before but neither of them seemed to notice, or care. "Uh, Dean? Why are we starting with the 4th one? Don't you normally start with 1 when watching a movie series?" Cas asked taking a bite of the pizza.
“Dude I don’t even know.” Dean groaned. “Cas and I decided that we just want a very small wedding and nothing special so I guess we just need to pick a day.”
“He ran in with a firefighter when Benny grabbed you.” Charlie explained.
"Will we be able to determine the gender?" I asked laying down on the table and lifting my shirt. "We should be able to, it just depends on their position." Dr. Maddison said squirting the gel on my stomach. "And there's the heart beats, they both sound good and strong." She said moving the wand a little and I felt Dean tighten his grip on my hand while Mary 'ahh'd' from his lap.
“That’s true I guess… Let’s go upstairs.”
"Mind if I stay up here with you for a while? It's a little crazy down there." John asked "Sure, you can go get the rocking chair out of Mary's room if you'd like." I said as I started eating the broth. John returned shortly after he left and settle the chair towards the end of the bed on my side; "so how's the pregnancy goin' so far?" He asked, "it's actually going pretty well, just today's one of those wacky days." I said taking a bite of the sandwich. "Dean's been handling it a lot better than the first time." I chuckled. "Yeah, I was a lot calmer when Mary was pregnant with Sam. Dean gave her hell, kinda like Mary did for you." John laughed gently and I smiled. "I wish I could have met her." I said quietly playing with the broth. "She would have adored you. She would have loved to meet her grandkids." John said quietly.
He noticed a glass of water and some crackers on his night stand with a note from Mary, 'stay hydrated and eat the crackers. I'll check on you later. Love, mom.' He drank the whole glass of water and went to the bathroom to fill it back up before eating a few crackers before his next round hit. He pulled a box out from under his bed and picked out his favorite toy and hunkered in for the night.
“Hey. Um I have a question and I don’t expect you to answer right away cuz you’ll need to talk to Cas first.”
"We talked about my cutting mostly… We uh, we talked about Cas and my home life and school. That's about it… He wants me to keep going in." Dean said playing with a straw wrapper. "Do you want to keep going?" Mary asked and Dean looked up and nodded. "He said we'd only meet once every other week and that you can set up the appointment." Dean said quietly and snapped his band a few times. "Okay, I'll do that before he leaves for the day. Now come on, I'm sure Bobby's here and I'll get your medicine." Mary said and they walked out of the room.
"Was wron?" Cas slurred, "nothing just wrong number asking me where to meet them tonight." Dean lied and he felt his phone vibrate again, deciding to ignore it he jumped into the conversation going on in front of him. A few minutes later his phone vibrated again constantly, indicating that he was getting a phone call; he pulled his phone back out and saw Sam's name on the screen, "Cas stay here for a sec, Sam's calling me." Dean said and went to find a relatively quiet spot.
“I can do this,” Kelly said to herself when they reached the bottom of the stairs. Cas nodded at her.
“I suppose that would work,” Castiel agreed readily. “As long as I have an excuse to go to the hospital.”
“Thanks for the advice, mom,” he said, turning the last word into something a little cruel. “I can get you a crow bar if you want the lesson to sink in.”
“Because Victor did most of the work,” says Dean. “Lydia’s picture was the bait, but he’s the one who was fucking with me. And he’s a guy.”
It weighs on all of them again, suddenly. What they are about to do. Cas supposes he isn’t as tense as the rest of them because the decision itself is behind him. Has been for a long time. And yes, perhaps Billie does have something up her proverbial sleeve, but… He just doesn’t think so. She tends towards the straight forward, and what she had said made sense. Alright, Castiel doesn’t actually believe that she’s unaware that her proposed changes make her the most powerful being in the universe but- Well, if there is such a thing as wielding power well, she is more likely than most to do it. Probably.
“I know you can see what’s holding this place together,” she says. “Careful not to break anything.”
“Yeah, Selma could hit me with a throwing knife from twenty feet away. If she says you need to go to the doctor, I’m not going to argue,” said Dean, continuing to push him in the correct direction. “‘Sides, I’d prefer the one guy we got on the inside in Superbia not die anytime soon.”
“Cas. Not dying. Let’s motor,” said Dean, a little more urgently this time. Cas turned to look at the elevator again and was horrified to see flames starting to lick out of the side. This was very not good. Perhaps in the realm of the stupidest result of his reckless actions in the entire history of his reckless actions. If such a thing was possible. “Please tell me you have a plan B.”
Balthazar shrugged and sat down next to Castiel.
Charlie frowned.
She takes the permission to be honest for what it is, as far as Patience can tell.
“I expected that,” Castiel said, unsurprised to see that Dean was tired and showing signs of wanting to exit the conversation and likely get a few hours of sleep at least. Cas should probably get some sleep too. “I liked the poetry you gave me.”
“My kitchen,” mutters Dean, but he decides to cut his losses and make a hasty retreat anyway, brushing past Cas without so much as a nod of acknowledgment. There has to be somewhere else he can find something to get him trashed. He might still have bourbon hidden in the map room, come to think of it. Hell, maybe he’ll find a little cursed prohibition era moonshine in one of the storage rooms. Get himself really fucked up.
“I don’t know,” said Cas. “Maybe because the people I actually care about, the people who are as close to me as brothers or sisters might be, will die when we invade Superbia and it’s at least in part my fault. Maybe I’m like this because every time I try to help you, someone or something takes away more of my will and sanity. Maybe I’m like this because you are a contradictory dickhead who won’t stop confusing me about what’s right and what’s wrong, and I don’t even know how to hate you for it. And on top of it all, now you think you love me? Go fuck yourself, Dean.”
“Okay,” Selma agreed. “Just ask around, and someone will point you in our direction when you’re ready to play.”
“Like Crowley was ever going to hold me to that,” he hissed back at her. “We could have bought Superbia back.”
*****
“Only a bit,” she said, grinning at him. “Please tell me this isn’t platonic, or I’ll have to be jealous you didn’t invite me for the sleepover.”
“I dream about him,” Dean said back, hollowly. He wasn’t looking at Cas anymore. He wasn’t looking at anything. “How am I supposed to get rid of that? How is that supposed to go away now?”
Finally, Dean was looking at him with that smug grin. The one that matched with his wide eyed look of astonishment made him seem younger than he was. Cas wondered suddenly if this was how Dean was with everyone, or if it was just him. Or even just the people Dean actually loved.
“First, you get all worried I’m going to start treating him different, like I’d be a dick to my best friend for catching feelings,” says Dean. “And now you’re telling me that I’m being too nice to him? Is that it?”
“Dean fucked this dude, didn’t he?” said Max instantly. Alicia elbowed him hard in the side. “Oh come on, we were all thinking about it.”
“That’s it,” said Dean. “You’re out.”
“Better to drink at noon than to break our fearless leader’s nose,” said Boris. “At least drinking is a nonviolent coping mechanism to despair.”
“The play ends with Orsino inviting himself to live with Olivia. He totally knew his fiancee still had the hots for her, and he’d been in love with Olivia for ages. Those two were definitely hoping for some extramarital stuff with Olivia while Sebastian groveled to get Antonio back.”
“I saw,” says Dean. “Son of a bitch did it on purpose.”
“And this person was…?”
It was half an hour of waiting there before someone opened Naomi’s door. Castiel was walked in with someone at either side of him and forced to sit in the chair across from Naomi. His wrists were bound to the arm rests and his ankles tied to the legs of the chair.
“Not really up for an asskicking tonight,” she said. “Corbett, you wanna play?”
“You’re not,” Cas said at last. “A shitty human being. Most of the time.”
Garth sounded less than impressed with these observations when Cas brought them up in their nightly therapy session. Cas had wanted them to be weekly, but with Balthazar being allowed to come along (and over Mary’s objections) he hadn’t wanted to push his luck.
“I stand corrected. You’re dumb as a rock,” said Gabriel. “Right and wrong stopped mattering a long time ago. At this point, it’s us vs. them, and if you want to be moral about it you keep your head down.”
Cas stared at her. She couldn’t know-
“As ready as I will be.”
“It’s not… I need to act like things are normal. And it’ll go away.”
The first time this happened, Dean had flinched away from him in terror. As if Castiel’s weakness revolted him. Now there is no hesitation, but Cas still imagines an echo of that same horror in the way Dean’s hands shake as he reaches for him.
“Yes?” Cas answered, not looking at Dean.
“Force. We’ve already covered this.”
“He is sitting here and can hear all of you,” Castiel broke in quietly. He catalogued the different reactions to this statement. Charlie’s half smile of apology, Dean’s sharp shift of attention, Sam’s steady and calculating gaze, and Jo’s half snort. Billie’s expression was unreadable, and Castiel found her gaze the most unsettling. “I understand you don’t trust me. I also understand that that’s the worst thing you can do in this situation. If you think I’m here to harm you, you should get rid of me. If you don’t, I need access to everything. I can’t make informed decisions otherwise, and someone is going to get hurt because of it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“How… unfortunate,” Cas said. Dean just smiled at him.
“You know, Cas,” Risa said next. “I just wanted to say I’m glad you’re around. I think you’re part of the reason Corbett and Maggie ended up deciding to stay, and those two idiots would get in a lot of trouble without someone watching their backs. And Trisha can tolerate you, which is more than she does with most people. You were a good addition my crew. If you ever feel like you need to take a step back, from anyone or anything, I’ve still got a spot for you, okay?”
“She barely knows me.”
“I would refrain from lying to me, Castiel,” said Naomi. “There might be a graceful way out of this for you yet.”
Later, Castiel had seen Trisha apologizing to the two of them. She’d had real regret in her eyes, and Castiel supposed that was a point in her favor. It wasn’t as though he himself wasn’t blunt. He could forgive others lacking self awareness in social situations.
“I’m not,” the boy loudly insisted to his partner. “I work just as hard as everybody else.”
“You’re making a mistake,” said Castiel slowly to Samandriel. “Naomi is the next Lightbringer, and she has every right to defend her title. And what the state does must be right, and it’s not our duty to question why.”
Castiel looked up to see Maggie looking at the two of them talking. Her focus snapped back to Risa the next second. She stayed close by to Corbett, however, like she wanted to make sure he was alright.
“When this is over,” Dean repeated. It felt like a promise. It just also felt like an empty one.
“Benny,” she said to Castiel at his questioning look. “But you didn’t hear that from us.”
Lydia still didn’t appear entirely comfortable, though it was clear she recognized Castiel was trying to cushion her ego, so she smiled.
“Let’s get one thing straight,” Dean said before Castiel could ask him just what he thought he was doing. “You don’t undermine me. You don’t say anything to anyone before you tell me, and definitely don’t fucking shout it where anyone can hear.”
Please see the end notes for warnings if you need them.
“Thanks,” Sam says, feeling calmer than he has in months. Maybe dying was a bit of a reset. It feels good to have some kind of confirmation that he isn’t just paranoid. Something is happening, and they’re going to figure out what it is, and Eileen believes him. Believes in him, too, he thinks. He didn’t think he’d ever get to have that, not in a way that isn’t complicated and buried under layers of anger and betrayal and blood. The last time he loved someone this much was Ruby, and he’s spent so long not thinking about how she used his desperation to be seen for himself to manipulate him. And here is Eileen, not even having to think about it. Just being the person he needs without ulterior motives because that’s who she is, all on her own. He doesn’t know what to do about it. He doesn’t know how to tell her what that means. So he just holds up his hand, thumb, pointer finger, and pinky out. A silent, ‘I love you.’
“In most of them there is a mark on the wall, a mihrab, so that we know which way to pray,” said Selma. “Toward Mecca. A place I’ll never see. I think a lot about that. Pouring so much faith and devotion into a city I’ll never have the opportunity to make a pilgrimage to.”
“Believe it or not,” says Billie. “I’m interested in coming to an agreement. You see, I remembered that I have something you want.”
The cat meowed again. Could cats be passive aggressive?
“If… If Cas and I don’t make it out,” says Dean, like he just figures if he’s gone, Cas is too. As easy as that, and so casually Sam barely has time to blink before Dean keeps on talking. “You’ll make sure Jack knows that- Just make something up from me to say to him. Let him know it’s not his fault. And make sure Claire and Patience, they get home safe.”
He grew more and more apprehensive as they walked through floor after floor of heavily armed guards to the highest floor of the tallest building in Ira. Azazel wasn’t one to take chances, especially when he didn’t need to. He knew he had the upper hand and that the resistance would do whatever necessary to ensure this cease fire.
It took less than a second for Cas to understand.
They hunt and live, and the world almost ends a time or two and still the SHADOW does not come for him. Jack reveals his secret, and there is the requisite yelling, and moving on, and still nothing.
“That’s not- Dean Winchester is more than adequate in every sense of the word,” Cas said, a little indignant on Dean’s behalf. “I don’t know why we’re talking about this. It’s not relevant.”
“I want Hael as well as Remiel,” Cas said again. He tried to keep his voice flat, but somehow he couldn’t keep the tremor out of it. And, goddamnit, Dean noticed.
“You shouldn’t have been out after curfew,” Emma sniffed back at her, curling up in her bed to go back to sleep.
The world was green again. Anna was dressed in white.
“Like blood and fire. How cheery,” Cas countered. “Are you angry at your mother for abandoning you and Sam as children?”
“I’m surprised Jo didn’t want to play,” Castiel said as he sat watching the game. Kevin snorted, and glanced at Frank and Sarah. Frank rolled his eyes, but Sarah looked back at Kevin with amusement in her eyes.
Charlie just stared at him then. As if she didn’t know him at all. Castiel couldn’t bring himself to feel shame. He couldn’t bring himself to feel anything just then. He was wrung out of emotions. He didn’t feel sad anymore, even. Just… empty.
“I’m not angry at her.”
“Youngest on duty,” Cas corrected. “A menace.”
“You use people.”
“Dean you can’t-”
“You should ask before you touch my things,” Cas said.
Eileen shrugged again.
“She knows, I admit it. But if I hadn’t told her Meg would have,” said Castiel, which was a lie because he had no idea if Meg had figured out whether Emma even existed, let alone her parentage. That being said, it was a secret Dean could never have hoped to keep forever. “If it gives you comfort… I would never harm her. No matter my orders.”
“C’mon. You think it’s an accident that the state has you guys training together before you’re old enough to know much more than your ABCs?” asked Gabriel, his tone a little too biting for Castiel’s comfort. “We get you young, make you dependent on each other, limit any contact you can have with citizens, especially romantic contact, and then tell all of you that if you break a rule we’ll kill you. Trust me, we knew what we were doing. The defect rate is zero, because anyone who’s disillusioned enough to leave usually just swallows their gun.”
“It already is tomorrow,” said Cas. This is one of the least helpful things he could have said, and yet Dean found he respected the honesty. They were counting on one hell of a depressing Hail Mary, and Cas had risked more than most to get them to the fourth quarter of this twisted game. Or however football worked, Dean was more of a pro wrestling guy if he was being honest.
“Second rate, my ass, Red,” said Ash. He looked up at Cas. “Tell your friend that I’m under no obligation to change my techniques because she thinks she’s hot stuff.”
Claire keeps that image in her head the whole rest of the drive.
Jo laughed, looking around at the empty street and then pointing with her finger and imitating a gun going off at what appeared to be nothing. It wasn’t long until a man in well worn clothes and a mullet stepped from behind it and walked up to Jo, looking more frustrated than happy to see her.
“I mean, he did have the keys,” said Dean. “I like to think I’m a good judge of character. For the most part, at least. You give good people options, they try to do the right thing. So, I have to ask you: Are you going to do the right thing?”
“I’m not her friend,” said Jo. “That ship sailed a long fucking time ago.”
“I do not know these things,” said Jack, clearly trying to parse together what ‘hit that’ was a euphemism for. “Should I know these things?”
-There are brief mentions of sex work, but none depicted. There is a joke made by Dean about calling Cas' ship The Brothel (as a reference to Dean calling Cas' car the pimpmobile). If anything comes across as disrespectful to sex workers, please let me know so I can edit it.
“No,” he said. And then again. “No.”
And out of all the times Cas had tried to hurt Dean, this was the first time he felt like he’d truly succeeded. Most of the time, Dean would let whatever Castiel said roll off of his shoulders, responding with rolled eyes for lesser offenses and anger for the more serious. But this time… For a moment, Dean looked broken. And of all Castiel’s various crimes, he couldn’t help feeling that this was one of the worst.
“Yeah, well now I need you there. So jump to,” said Dean. Castiel swallowed down his instinct to refuse on principle and instead waved a goodbye to Dr. Newman so he could follow Dean. As they walked Castiel noticed there was very little damage everywhere.
“It was no problem,” he said, eyes fixed on Castiel. “What’s he doing here?”
Cas closed his eyes a moment, and saw a valley spread below him. A moment of peace at the top of a mountain. A flash of a garden. Sunlight through leaves.
Well, apparently Dean wasn’t expecting that line of reasoning. The shades of guilt that had been there before deepened. Castiel wasn’t satisfied.
“I take your meaning,” he admits after a moment.
Claire squinted at the talisman.
“Hallucinations are waking dreams. In what world would I ever be involved in your dreams, good or bad?” he asked. Benny considered that and at last he seemed to catch on to exactly what was happening.
“No!” Cas yelled. Dean practically jumped at the sudden volume. “Don’t leave. If you leave, he might come back and make me sleep. I don’t want to fall asleep. All they do is stare at me, Dean. It’s my fault, but if I’m awake I don’t have to remember. Please don’t-“
Perhaps it would have worked better if he even remotely believed that was true.
“He liked setting fires,” says Dean. “Couldn’t help it. There was something fucked up in his head. Almost burned our own house down a couple of times. I was still angry when he left us, even though I knew he did because he didn’t want to hurt us or Mom.”
“It’s an honor to be chosen,” she said forcefully. Cas closed his mouth. He watched as Kelly’s hand fluttered to her stomach. “And I wanted the baby. I always wanted to be a mom, but I knew they would never let me in the lab. They made a lot of adjustments to my body they wouldn’t want me to mess up.”
“He’ll let you, I think,” she signs. “He loves you.”
The list could go on forever. Harriet, who had survived the worst nature had to throw at her only to lose her husband. Selma and Charlie, who fear above all else losing those they get close to. Trisha, who was nearly killed by her brother because he thought she might be disloyal to the cause. Every unfixable person who kept moving because that was the only option left to them.
“Are you fucking serious right now-”
Sam took this much better than he did any questioning of his relationship. Perhaps that was more fragile than it appeared. Castiel took note.
If a year ago, someone had told him that this was his future… he would have laughed. He had changed so much in so little time, and trauma had had a large hand in how drastically that had happened.
“It already did,” says Sam. “And we’re still here. You’re still here.”
“He alright?” Dean asked Benny, who only shrugged. Dean turned to look at Cas. “Are you alright?”
“I don’t know how to let you go,” he says at last. “And other people keep paying the price, and then you blame yourself for it. It’s my fault. And I am so sorry-“
She’s lucky that Ash too seems to be too laid back to find her occasional fits of temper to be much trouble. There is no world in which she would be able to figure out how the hell to use whatever complex system he has in place to keep track of Heaven’s goings-on. She occasionally wonders if the angels themselves (few of those that are left) ever understood just how Heaven works the way Ash does.
“A poor copy.”
“Not a hunter, so I don’t think I really get a say,” she responds.
“Not… Cas is a guy.”
Castiel looked down to the page he had turned to. The words sat neatly on it, while Cas’ cramped handwriting littered the edges. He wished he had more room to write what he was feeling now over it.
“It might help if you slept when you were supposed to. You know. At night.”
The feeling of Cas’ hand, resting for just a moment on his back, is a good distraction. Reminds him that he is beyond Chuck now. He doesn’t need revenge, knows how much fucking good it does in the long run. Besides, the best vengeance is gonna be living a long, happy life that Chuck has nothing to do with. In order to do that, they need answers from him. Dean doesn’t think they’re gonna be the answers Sam wants, but they’ll get them either way.
“Jo, why don’t you and Cas walk down to get some real food. I’m sure he’s sick of leftovers,” said Sam casually. It seemed to take less than a second for her to direct Cas towards the stairs. He wondered if the dismay was visible on his face.
“Like Sam can’t take both days off if he wants,” Jo pointed off. “Besides, Jess is off tonight. Tamara gets it.”
“That’s what I thought,” said Dean, before Cas could think of anything. “But you know what? I’ll arrange something for you. I’ll trade these for something you need.”
Dean and Cas park at the end of a trailhead, a little ways away from where they’re supposed to be camping for the night. They don’t plan on staying, just waiting out their mark and hoping he makes an appearance. In the meantime, they are very much stuck together. Cas munches on a pack of sunflower seeds and Dean resists the urge to tell him for the tenth time that you’re not supposed to eat the shells. Figures he’ll find out the hard way.
“Castiel, tell me you wrote down what you’re going to say,” Gabriel said to start the meeting. Castiel looked down sheepishly. “You’re fucking kidding me.”
He did a short loop around camp before walking out to where they had hidden the cars in the tall grass along the road. As he passed by, a loud rapping from the inside of the glass window made him jump. Cas whirled around, weapon in hand and only relaxed when he saw Dean’s face behind the offending hand.
“This gonna take long?” he asks at last. She turns the page of her book.
Dean all but confirmed it when he shrugged and stood there, as though daring Cas to have an opinion about it. Cas kept his mouth shut tightly, not wanting to open up the discussion.
“We’re fine,” said Trisha. “Aren’t you supposed to be driving, old man?”
Corbett chewed his lip nervously, cast glances around and then nodded slowly. Maggie breathed a sigh of relief.
“I suppose it’s safe to say the assassination failed,” said McCleod, ignoring Castiel’s warnings. “Miserably.”
“As a soldier I am a servant of the state,” Castiel recited. “Family loyalty hinders objectivity in enforcing the law. So in other words, no, no last name. My mother requested I continue to be raised Christian and that was the extent of her influence on my life after the aptitude tests.”
This center of camp was deserted. However, the shouts and confusion that drifted from the edges were enough to mask, for the most part, any sound that was coming from Charlie’s tent. Cas dove through the entrance to the tent, and stood unsteadily when he got inside.
“I don’t think you did the right thing,” Jack said quietly while he helped Cas clear the road.
“Trust me, we all had to witness just how badly that went over,” said Aaron. Risa’s frown deepened, and worry was etched into every feature.
“Rowena had only ever used him,” Charlie confirmed. “She hated the pain he put her through, and treated him like crap. So Crowley started to wonder if she would pass the crown to him at all, or if someday he would die the same way the old king and queen had.”
“Well, no,” says Jack. “It’s just that demons and angels, those barely exist anymore. Most of us, that’s who we were hurt by. But you were hurt by monsters. It would make sense if that’s complicated for you.”
“Seventeen,” he said. “They let me move up from training early on account of… reporting you in.”
“Three times to patrol,” Castiel answered instantly, scowling at her. “We had limited citizen interaction at the outskirts of the city. I knew they were strange, but you can’t seriously think anyone would let it stand for a mayor to poison his own citizens-“
“Like fuck you,” says Dean, feeling a little bit of the pain leak out into his voice. “Like… thank you. Like I’m sorry I somehow convinced him I was this great guy worth dying over again and again. That every time he tried to leave, I pulled him right back in. I just… I didn’t know.”
“I’m going to be leading the force into Invidia and meeting up with our forces from Sanctus,” said Mary. “Sam will be staying here with a force large enough to defend our claim over Ira. That means some of you will be staying here, and some of you will be leaving. We are going to do our best to prioritize anyone who asks, especially those with families or young children, be assigned to stay with Sam, but we can’t make promises.”
The world around him fractured and Castiel was standing once again in the garden, near the apple tree. Relief coursed through him.
“And you trust him?”
“One life against the many more lives of everyone living in this city,” said Naomi. “And you are hardly an innocent.”
“At least it’s not a straight girl this time,” muttered Selma, which made Castiel laugh a little. “Quiet, Castiel. If Risa asked you to go to bed with her, you would think about it.”
“So you’re not holding any grudges then?” Dean asks carefully. “Because us and the Amara we knew, we didn’t part on the best of terms.”
“No.”
Cas nodded, grip tightening on his knees for a moment before he let go. He had a lot to think about after this talk with Garth, and knowing already that he’d agreed to talk with him again. Garth was going to consult with other doctors on whether or not Cas should be taking medication, but at the moment he didn’t think it was a good idea until he knew Cas’ system was completely clear of whatever Naomi had injected him with.
Cas raised an eyebrow in question.
“The Mary Winchester? Like burned on a ceiling, became a ghost, was a kickass hunter before she gave it up for love Mary Winchester?” Charlie asks. She pauses after a second. “I’m sorry, that’s kind of intense. And personal. And none of business. Uh, nice to meet you!”
“Naomi killed Samandriel, Hannah,” said Cas. “She poisoned me, and sent me to my death. That is who you are defending. Not the state.”
Castiel was interested in the way Dean’s mouth tightened at this and he looked as though he wanted to reprimand his friend for the evaluation. He looked like he even might work himself up to do it before Selma spoke up again, drawing Dean’s attention.
JULY 3, 2163 CE - NOWHERE PASS
“It’s not good for them to keep being moved place to place. I know you have Harriet and some of the parents teaching them, but we have a school here, with kids their age they can be learning with,” she pointed out. “Especially with…”
“Why the hell should I tell you that?”
Dean never really had a best friend. Growing up. Well, there was Lee, but that was… different. And Dean had kinda cut ties and ran after the whole threesome thing, because he hadn’t really known how to talk about it and figured he’d catch up with Lee again some other time. Far in the future. And then Dean had ended up killing him, so add that to the tally of people who were worse off for knowing Dean Winchester.
“We’re on the same side,” said Meg. “And I’ve been keeping in occasional contact with our mutual boss. There’s a loophole in Charlie’s system we’re currently taking advantage. Now, I don’t know how long it will last, but so far she hasn’t figured it out. Last night, Naomi sent in a message saying she agreed with your assessment when it came to how to effectively disable this branch of the resistance.”
“The bedsheets,” Castiel answers. He almost smiles down at the little green aliens. Dean isn’t sure if Cas didn’t pick up on his sarcasm, or if he’s ignoring it on purpose. Either way, Dean can feel annoyance starting to prickle under his skin again.
“Why exactly were you hiding it?” Dorothy asked.
This, if anything, darkens Dean’s expression further. Because, Cas surmises, Dean hates the idea that Cas would make private sacrifices in an effort to protect him more than he hates the idea that Cas is afraid of him. It is a close thing, probably, but only one of them is something he believes he doesn’t deserve.
“Yes,” says Castiel, without even a second of hesitation. Billie smiles.
“Go up that way. Be careful as you go up the steps and scream as soon as you see people,” said Cas, guns trained on the two guards he had disarmed.
“Yeah,” says Dean. “I mean… you went to hell. Just because you were friends with us. And when you died, that was… Doesn’t matter. I wanted to bring you back and I could. So you’re back. Congrats.”
“Not what I’m saying,” she says. “You were God. That comes with blindspots. When you can see everything, the obvious gets hard to pick out of the confusion. Heaven split. It couldn’t hold itself up-”
Or at least, he was giving the impression of falling for it. Cas reminded himself Dean was a natural born liar, too. He was a chameleon, constantly slipping in and out of identities as it suited him. He built lies on truth and earnestness, and he made people believe in him.
“Hello,” Castiel said in return. He could feel Jo’s eyes on him, the silent plea to keep moving forward and not continue talking to the girl. He didn’t know why he ignored her, except perhaps the fact that the guilt he currently felt made it impossible to move.
“You’re really against this,” he says. “You ever hear about not looking a gift horse in the mouth?”
“Then we’ll deal with them.”
“Dean-” Cas starts to say, and Sam hopes like Hell he’s got something prepared that will change Dean’s mind, but as it turns out, Dean doesn’t plan on letting him finish that sentence.
Dean shrugs. The Russian narrows his eyes at him.
“The other,” Benny continued. “Is that you’re considering skipping town. Because before this, all your dumb shit worked out in Dean’s favor. Or if it didn’t, it didn’t hurt him. So I think right about now, you are convincing yourself that it’s better for him that you’re not around. Now, much as I’d like to agree with that sentiment, it isn’t true. Dean was a wreck when you went missing at Nowhere Pass. I don’t know why he decided you were it, but he did. So before you say or do something you’re going to regret to him, think about that a little.”
Inias had black curly hair and a habitually nervous expression. His eyes flicked to Castiel more than once while he explained that they were having issues with the system and weren’t going to be able to have it up again for at least a half a day. However, if they were to switch buildings…
She doesn’t wait for an answer.
“No,” he said shortly. He had in fact spent a long time now very purposefully not thinking about Anna, and he planned to continue to do so as long as possible. Not that it stopped the dreams of her dying, which were almost always fragmented and violent now. Sometimes the dreams went off script and Castiel managed to shoot himself before Anna could stop him.
Castiel considered Dean, weighing him up. He was charismatic, and although Billie held the most clout, he was the one with loyalty behind him. Whether this was earned or not was not something Castiel had not yet determined. Beside that, he was brash and emotional arguments appealed to him over rational ones. Despite this, Castiel was certain he wasn’t lacking in analytical skills and it was likely Dean was weighing up Castiel in return. Castiel kept silent a while longer, trying to see what other information he could glean and was interested to see Dean impatiently tapping his fingers on the table. He wasn’t someone who liked to wait for results. Castiel took all of this into consideration before settling on being blunt. It was what Dean would most appreciate and it would give him little to pick apart later.
“You never-” he says, like an accusation. Dean shrugs, avoids Cas’ eyes.
Castiel felt his breathing start to quicken again. This was not a good time to panic. But the four hours until the deadline was staring down at him as he realized that he wasn’t getting out of this without a serious amount of pain. He swallowed and kept his chin up, trying not to deign Alistair with his attention.
“Sweet Dreams is a gaseous chemical weapon. It causes hallucinations,” Castiel said flatly. “That might be relevant.”
“Oh, it’s not a big deal. Don’t be a wuss. Half the people here have had a crush on Dean. I’m pretty sure Benny never got over his. It’s like a rite of passage.”
Cas glares at him.
“Sam wanted a dog. I got too nervous when we tried to adopt one though. If it was behind me and I couldn’t see it,” she signs back. “Compromise.”
“You’ll find out tomorrow,” said Dean evasively.
“That’s not all,” he said. “Tell me all of it.”
“When it suits me,” says Billie, shrugging as if she sees nothing strange about this. “He’s useful. And he’s sworn himself to my service, in the strongest possible terms. Forever.”
Cas just sat there, stony and dour. Excellent company for a funeral wake.
“Don’t fight,” he says. He tries to come up with an answer for Dean’s question, but fails. He doesn’t know what held him together, what filled the pieces missing inside him. He just remembers a sudden warmth, a release from the sickening feeling of his entire being drawn inward towards emptiness. Wholeness, in a way he hasn’t known since years before. And something warm, like the sound of his mother’s heartbeat, but new. Something like love. “Cas?”
“If I’m not a servant of the state… I don’t know who I am, Anna,” said Cas.
“You still disobeyed orders.”
“That’s kinda the point,” said Dean, forking over a good hundred dollars in hard earned (hard-swindled) cash. This at least got the guy behind the counter to stop glaring at them. Dean didn’t miss the money like he might have on any other night. What was he gonna do with it? Like Cas had said, it was tomorrow already. The day Sam died. The day Dean let Sam die, and did nothing to stop it. On purpose. “Well, sorta. It’s also about fatherhood or something.”
“I hear y’all have some nice tech,” said Dr. Newman slowly. “Growing skin and organs and shit from mechanical stem cells. If the rumors are true, some state facilities got machines the size of a pen that can locate tumors and cancerous cells and kill ‘em. And what I wouldn’t give for some proper goddamn anesthesia-“
“It’s a gift and a curse,” said Chuck. “Being smarter than you look.”
“That’s all?” Castiel asked, astounded at the brevity of the meeting. He regretted letting his surprise show when Dean responded to it with a smug smile. He was meant to be caught off guard and to feel as though they knew things he didn’t. It was likely part of their evaluation of his honesty. “So I can leave now?”
Castiel left Jess and Selma with a small wave for the latter. Selma smiled at him and mouthed something at him that he couldn’t make out. Something about being alright. He was sure it was meant to be reassuring, and not for the first time he wondered how she could be so kind to him. The answer, of course was that she thought he was on her side.
“Part man part machine.”
“Point taken,” says Sam, wisely deciding to make himself scarce before Dean can decide to carry out that threat.
“We should… talk,” is all Castiel says.
Charlie took a few seconds to process all of this, before using a hand to rub her forehead distractedly.
Dean whistled.
The strangled sound Cas makes in his throat would have Dean worried the guy had swallowed something down the wrong pipe, if this were any other time and place. As it is, it’s just very funny in the way only Cas can be. Like he coexists in Dean’s brain as this ancient unknowable fucking thing and some weird, dorky dude who stumbled into Dean’s life and never managed to stumble back out. Not for lack of trying, though.
“I am going to bed Dean Winchester. When I wake up, you better have an apology worth a damn prepared,” she said. Then her eyes flicked to Cas. “And you better start praying that after I’m done sleeping I don’t even remember what you did anymore.”
“Stop playing footsie with Cas,” says Sam sullenly. Dean drops his fork. Sam mutters something under his breath and then audibly says: “One sentence. Your turn.”
Alistair was a tall and thin man with a reedy voice and a smile that made Castiel feel thoroughly uncomfortable. His name also sounded damned familiar, though Castiel couldn’t quite place it. He reached for a knife at his belt and turned to Naomi.
“She hasn’t done anything to me,” said Jo bitterly. “She’s too busy doing Betty Jacobs.”
Cas let’s go of his face, and Dean let’s his words sink in. There’s something off about them, and Dean feels himself flinch away when Cas’ hand comes down to press right over his heart where the new burn mark is. The only proof, the only evidence he has that Cas is alive besides the voice he’s hearing now. Except… except he can’t trust even that. He knows that.
“I’m sorry,” Cas had added guiltily at the end. “I should go to sleep.”
Cas wasn’t sure what to say to that, so he wisely decided to stay silent. It wasn’t as though he were genuinely arguing Jason’s case so much as arguing for understanding. Then again, understanding Rosali’s side was important too. So he shrugged and looked back towards where the others had started to set up camp.
“You’re not interested in anybody?” Cas asked her. She nodded. “You don’t understand how relieved I am to hear that.”
“Well, I’ve got a policy,” said Gabriel. “If you’re gonna impale someone, you should at least buy them a drink first.”
“Speaking of which, I think your time is up.”
‘No,’ he signs back. He holds his hand up steady, as reassuring as he can be. ‘I love you.’
After all, what better way to earn trust than foil an assassination attempt? Castiel had already seen the change that came over Jo. This was proof to all of them, undeniable proof, that he was on their side. From the moment Meg had brought up the plan, Castiel had realized that he stood a chance to remove doubts anyone had about him. The information he could gain from this one action alone could be invaluable to the state.
“Yeah, well,” Dean says, because he has nothing to say. “Get settled in. Mom made pasta for dinner. She can’t cook, so eat literally anything else.”
“We’ve got company,” Claire said solemnly. Behind her stood Meg Masters and Charlie Bradbury, the latter of whom was looking a little worse for wear. Cas lunged forward, placing himself between the two and pushing Meg away hard enough that she stumbled to the floor.
“Dean isn’t here today,” Lieutenant Winchester continued. “I had two speeches prepared, one in case he showed up, one in case he didn’t. For some reason I practiced the second one more.”
Dean turned around to vomit in the mud.
“He— he is alive, but I am not finished,” Castiel offered.
Somebody knocked.
“Way to go, Kevin!” Dean cheered, just before a stray tentacle smacked Kevin flat to the floor and sent the key skidding across the cave, a few feet from Dean.
“He’s a Seraph,” Sam said.
Castiel turned calmly. “Why do you assume I would waste my energy insulting you?”
“More or less,” Chuck nodded. “Oh, and her name was B’Ekki. Isn’t that funny? I don’t usually jest at foreign names, but I thought it was funny.” He shook his head, his gaze distant, and laughed softly. “'
“You upset about this whole scheduling snafu?” Garth asked Chuck, gesturing about with his fork.
“You know damn well he does,” Singer retorted.
“Great, bring him in.”
The intercom buzzed in response. “Restrain Sam.”
There were nearly four hundred officers gathered in the gymnasium, stacked in the bleachers and filling the temporary seats arranged in the center of the room. Castiel stood in the back corner, partially obscured by the bleachers, positioned at the door. Captain Harvelle had told him to act as a sentinel, but he wasn’t guarding anything, and taking into account the “look” she gave him he deduced that Captain Harvelle actually meant he was free to leave if he found it appropriate.
“Lieutenant Winchester, have a seat, here.” Castiel moved aside and pointed to the chair opposite Harvelle. The navigator furrowed his brow, his mouth set. His face, now cleansed of dirt and blood, was revealed to be sharply angled, ashen, and badly bruised.
"I’m not convinced spontaneously stealing back the Seal is our best option," Ellen shook her head.
His voice was so gruff, Dean almost didn’t recognize it.
“What’s so funny?” Dean flashed. Sam winced, fully expecting Dean to be sniped at once.
“I know you want me to make a horny joke about that, but believe it or not, I have too many functioning brain cells,” Kevin said. “Captain Harvelle would like to see you on the bridge. Clothed, preferably. Bridge out.”
fuckers back in Starfleet?”
” Dean stuck one arm out for the Seraph to catch, and he did, looking up at Dean with what might have been genuine fear.
That was an untruth.
“I told him the same thing,” Castiel said. “He still thinks the sides are choppy.”
“Wow, maybe I shoulda spilled my feelings a lot sooner,” Dean chuckled. “Woulda saved us a lotta headaches!”
“Strong evidence?” Harvelle addressed Castiel pointedly. “And you can confirm this?”
Castiel was not a computer, but still, this shorted a circuit. “...My condolences?”
Dean looked down, properly flustered, and Castiel was satisfied. The helmsman followed him to sickbay wordlessly. He did not bother to touch him again; building trust was just going to have to wait. And although his headache and the itchy buzzing beneath his skin had subsided a bit, Castiel was still concerned with how much longer he could remain civil.
“Well, then you would have been dead. The show must go on.”
Sam was too angry to be funny back. “Shut up,
” Ruby gasped.
Castiel was busy processing both the obscure Earthling reference and Dean’s second daily usage of the word “creepy”, so Doctor Singer responded first.
Dean finally registered his lower lip stinging — he’d chewed it raw. Dean glanced past Meg’s paralyzed body to check that Ellen, Jody, Ketch, and Ash hadn’t begun to decompose or disappear or anything.
Castiel showed no sign of being affected by the heat, even though Ketch was already sweating like a horse and Sam’s hair was matted to his brow as if he were fresh from a shower.
And then Dean screamed.
“Figured you might say that,” he smiled. He pressed a small pill into Castiel’s palm.
Castiel found the performance tiring on all accounts. He had already healed Dean from much worse.
“Just under six parsecs,” Sam reported, “but they’re approaching quickly. Should I adjust our course?”
Dean glanced at Castiel as Zachariah proudly made a clown of himself in the background. Castiel now seemed to be playing his own game of “how many buttons can I see from this seat”.
“Dean is fully healed," Castiel said, "although Doctor Singer has prescribed a diet of bland foods for the next three days—"
“I shall do my best,” Castiel said.
“Don’t
“Lie back,” Bobby said to Dean, pressing his shoulder gently. “Let’s get your physical over with so you can get back to piloting this thing.” He lowered his voice. “Can’t say I’m the biggest fan of that teenager being at the helm.”
“If an officer were gravely injured, and there were no medic present, I would not ask permission before attempting to heal them to the best of my abilities,” Castiel interjected. “Those are my orders. From both Doctor Singer and Captain Harvelle.”
“Speaking of stupid plans,” Charlie prompted.
Dean was pale. “So he’s just gonna ransack my head every time you think I’m lying to you now?”
* * *
“Dean has had a flashback,” Castiel said.
“His name is Azazel,” the pretty lady said. “He is a Klingon extremist.”
“What do you want, Meg?” Sam asked. His brow was furrowed, his triangular jaw set firm.
Sam scoffed, looking up at the ceiling. His eyes were glistening. This human cried a great deal. “He’s such an ungrateful jerk.”
I did not want to take such a long hiatus, but I had finals week, election week, got sick, and then the Supernatural finale happened, and then I had another finals week.
unblinking and unfeeling, but now… somehow Dean felt reassured, like the two were thinking the same thing. Maybe.
“Don’t worry,” Crowley said. “I’m one of the good guys.”
“You were in danger.” He pointed to a branch of dotted flowers that could maybe have been orange.
“Yes,” Castiel said.
Do you
“I hate Dad,” Sam mumbled.
“No, I… have a patient to attend to shortly.” Castiel said. Everybody on this ship seemed to be that patient’s brother or that patient’s close friend. Castiel would never understand the human need to complicate professional relationships so thoroughly, would never understand how easily the line between duty and emotion could be crossed. It was so very self-destructive of humans — it had gotten them into this mess in the first place. And now it was Castiel’s duty to heal the one human all four hundred of them had risked their jobs and their lives for. “…Um. M—my corpulences.”
“Goofer dust,” Rufus said as he caught up with Sam. He was holding a handheld cannon. “Wouldn’t come here without it.”
Darkness.
,” Meg admired. Dean's thoughts tripped over themselves; this was all complicating at an exponential rate. “As much as I like to crack a gourd, that really makes my job easier. Yeah, I think you’re the real prize, Blue Eyes. What do you think, Dybbuk?”
Sam turned and crashed through the jungle, pursuing the sound of Ash’s triumphant yodeling. Dean followed silently, too genuinely offended to come up with a response.
The two parties stared at each other restlessly — not even the loud gurgling in Dean’s stomach could break the ice. Well, heat. Whatever. Dean needed a glass of water.
“Bridge to Lieutenant Commander Winchester,” Kevin’s voice and image crackled to life on Dean’s desktop screen.
“If I heal your ankle now…” Castiel began.
“May I touch him?” Castiel asked Doctor Singer. “That way I may feel his pain for myself.”
A few beats passed as the moment sank in. The humidity, adrenaline, and screwed-up ankle had Dean’s brain in caveman mode.
“What exactly were you trying to do?” Captain Harvelle repeated.
that bright blue shit was powerful. The color reminded him of something, but the ale’s warm kick distracted him from thinking about it.
Side note: today, September 8th, is the anniversary of Star Trek's first episode airing! And the fact that season 15 continues a month from today is horrifying. Syzygy!
The captain didn’t bat an eye at the attitude in her tone. “You’re confined to quarters until further notice.”
It was fascinating to observe the differences between the brothers. Sam wore his hair in a way just shy of breaking several regulations, whereas Dean was the model of the clean-shaven, neatly trimmed Starfleet officer in human textbooks. Sam rarely caused a scene, yet impetuously complained about the existence of Starfleet and his role in it in private. Dean was as unpredictable as a live wire, yet was one of Starfleet’s most highest-valued officers. Sam displayed obvious trust in Castiel, while Dean, who had Castiel’s hands to thank for his mended body, did not.
“He is still agitated and I do not have the sufficient experience to adjust my approach accordingly,” Castiel continued. “I have never done…
THANK YOU all for reading this, and thank all of you who leave a kudo or a comment or a prediction or a suggestion. All of it means so much to me! You fill my days with joy!!! :D
The captain walked Castiel closer to the biobed he had spent the last twenty days hunched over. The officers around it quieted down from their teary laughter, watching Castiel with an uncomfortably aggressive vulnerability. Dean turned his head at Castiel’s approach, his eyelids a little droopy with pain medication. His gaze met Castiel’s.
Sam mused Ellen wasn’t exaggerating when she’d darkly deemed this mission the doomsday prologue. But, things had gone well with Chancellor Alastair. Now all they had to do was scope the mines. And not get kidnapped in the process.
the Seraph made a vague, sweeping gesture with his hands, likely referring to the entire bridge and its meek human operators.
“Yeah, avoid her too,” Ellen said. The away team pulled their phasers out to adjust their blast settings. “Shouldn’t run into much trouble, it’s just the environment we gotta adapt to. Okay, chop-chop, boys, the Seal’s not gonna retrieve itself.”
“Shit.” Singer perched his coffee in another biobed and rushed for Dean’s bedside. “Commander—”
“Unlike some people,” Crowley sang, looking back at Dean, “I am good at making friends.”
And, as always, you may find keeping track of Stardates to be helpful.
Ellen’s arms were crossed now, her stance wide. Dean hadn’t been paying much attention to her, but her eyes were narrowed and her mouth pressed thin, displaying a similar expression of skepticism as she had with Zachariah and Uriel.
Bobby allowed Dean some chicken nuggets.
“That’s so
“Thank you,” Zachariah said, the sarcasm flying so far over his head it broke a ceiling panel. “On Elysium, eye contact is entirely unnecessary, but I’ve found since you lot lack a telepathic link, substitutions are required. And that is another thing: expressions. Smiling! You love to smile. And you
Her head turned just slightly in his direction. Her eyes were wet, her gaze distant. “His… arm. His…” the captain put her hand to her face. “You saw him.”
“Sam, your leg is broken. May I heal it.”
“Do you cry?” Sam asked.
Sam flashed his teeth in a petulant sneer. “Romulan Ale breath is some incriminating shit, buddy.”
Castiel did not hesitate to follow him.
Seraphim
“Whatever,” Dean spat, and zapped the flowers into a cloud of nanoparticles.
And then after Dad.
Even though the recap was brief, when Ash started derailing the conversation with his inquiries about Crowley’s special freeze ray —
Zachariah conceded and released Castiel from his strong grip. Castiel smoothed his shirt, completely unperturbed, but the second hand humiliation across the bridge even had Claire flushing.
“Just… give Castiel a chance,” Sam said. “Be nice to him. Okay?”
The “scheduling snafu” Garth was referring to was related to the current seals scenario. What was supposed to be an hour delay to Shurlion quickly turned into an eight hour delay when a second alert pinged in from Zachariah (seconded by Starfleet Command) about another seal just off the path last night. Then that became a twenty-four hour delay with a third alert. And then a three day delay with alerts four and five. And now the
“The Seals are integral to our functionality as a
“Excellent precision, Doctor Badass,” Ash commended himself.
When Castiel rounded the corner to reach the transporter room, he received an answer in the form of Captain Harvelle emerging from the sliding doors with her landing party in tow. Sam Winchester stood beside her, his arms full with a large, engraved stone box. The moment he laid eyes on it, Castiel’s head rang with a disarmingly beautiful
Not all Klingons wear chain mail.
“Sammy?” Dean’s heart rate quickened and he moved closer to his brother, wincing when his twisted ankle protested.
Although Dean felt the same way, he had to admit he understood that not everybody felt so uneasy about Seraphim as he and his brother did. The Federation wouldn’t exist without them, regardless of how antisocial they were. Of course they were obliged to help.
Rufus knelt beside him. Somebody joined them, asked a question. Sam couldn’t hear it. His face was hot and wet and twisted and his whole body shook and he couldn’t feel his hands — he was drowning in his own sobs. Words drifted through his head over the thunderclaps of exploding dirt, the echoes of screams:
“They’re — they
Sam’s lips flopped about like a dying fish. “M—
* * *
“Help her!” Jo begged. “She’s
Sam didn’t turn the water off until he resembled a boiled lobster. Maybe he, too, could use a Seraph walling up memories in his head. Guilt was a cancer in his stomach, one he’d suffered his whole life — and he could easily go on suffering it. But maybe… Maybe he didn’t have to.
“Was that satisfactory?” His voice was very weak and he was uncertain whether Doctor Singer could hear him. He straightened up in his chair and fought back a wave of nausea.
— they were just fucking creepy. And that was the
He realigned Dean Winchester’s teeth, filling out the chipped incisors into their perfect square shapes. He sculpted his lips back into their natural appearance, which glistened and came to rest calmly,
“The very notion of rumor-related anxiety is highly illogical,” Naomi said.
“Anything can help new eyes or advice or maybe we should calm down the crew we have to start the testimonies I gave Jo the helm Starfleet’s gonna kill me for all this but I don’t give a damn.”
Sam caught Dean by the leg, dangling from him like a desperate spider in a hurricane. Dean’s hands slipped under the added weight, and he tightened his grip on the root, but then another blue blur appeared on his other side—
NEXT CHAPTER:
“Whoops,” Dean covered, leaning his back against the side of the compartment with his elbows propped in the dirt.
“Fortunately, before passing, Talbot revealed the names and locations of all her buyers,” Uriel said, gracefully skirting around the obvious role of torture in her confession. “We are not at all concerned about our abilities to retrieve the Seals. We simply… need to rush things along.”
“It is time to talk about Genesis.”
Dean shook his head. After the Iowa caucuses, Castiel had become incredibly interested in politics, and although it was at times entertaining, it was also exhausting. “I think Bernie’s a cool guy too, Cas, but when have politicians ever solved anything? We’re the only ones whose relief plans ever actually fix shit.”
it?” Singer’s mouth hung open. “What do you— Restrain him, or—”
“Right, Dad?” Dean asked the portrait by his bed. “Just days and days and days.”
It’s the pain that pulls him back, lights up the world like a fucking meteor. When his eyes open — they closed? — the pain is so violent he can almost hear it, crackling like kindling, the splitting skin and broken bones and the pinching, this incessant
Doctor Bobby Singer let out a long-suffering sigh and pulled his metal device away from Dean’s half-healed chest. Dean knew him well enough to tell by the look in the doctor’s eyes he was debating whether or not to poke him with a paralysis hypospray and leave him lying there in sickbay to suffer for a few hours.
“Here, I, uh—” For some reason, Dean was compelled to reach to his bed stand and rummage through a drawer. “This is her.”
Dean pushed away the nauseating anxiety of another mandated “Grief, Trauma, and Your Crew” therapy session with the entire
Castiel followed the helmsman out, only pausing briefly to ensure the man was heading in the direction of his quarters, before spinning on his heel and marching back towards the transporter room. Although his headache almost immediately cleared once he was alone, his thoughts scrambling back into their chilled, contained compartments, Castiel found himself now plagued with another ailment: a ringing in his ears and a whitening of his vision. The Seal was either nearby or in immediate danger.
“Winchester?” Upon speaking the name aloud, Castiel felt a deep tremor through the hallway as the humans winced in unison. No-contact telepathy, although simple between Seraphim, was rather difficult with humans unless under extreme circumstances. It seemed Castiel had underestimated the extent of this crew’s distress.
“This is bull,” Dean muttered, but he felt himself chill with a wave of embarrassment as he connected the dots. Ketch, Castiel, and Sam being kept entirely to one team after their split, infiltrating a palace that was shockingly easy to steal an ambassador from, the glaring lack of a licensed medic on the party (Dean really should have noticed that one), the only threat being the temporary misfortune of some time chained in a cave… for somebody like Kevin, who despised field work, that was as bad as it got. For somebody like Jo — or Dean in his present circumstances — it was just too much good clean cabin fever relief to be true. “So, what, I’m on training wheels now?”
“Came just in time, you ugly bastard,” Dean chuckled, “we’re starving in here.”
Dean. Sam’s face crumpled again. He hit the mattress with his fists — because he was so angry that crying just wasn’t enough — before dropping to his knees at the bedside, grabbing the pillow, and burying his head beneath it. The world became very soft and warm and feathery. All Sam could feel was his hot breath puffing up against the fabric of the pillowcase.
Garth grinned. “Yeah, Dean calls that the Stanky Gank.”
Castiel raised an eyebrow and tilted his head. “I am eager to deliver our performance to Captain Harvelle.”
He snatched a few books from his shelf and threw them across the room. Then he threw his baseball. His laundry hamper. His communicator. Just as he was about to throw his Idolian amulet, he redirected his aim toward the bed, torpedoing the fragile artifact into the covers instead of the wall.
Dean laughed, which was so startling Castiel actually flinched.
Dean unlocked the safe under his bed and took a tiny little swig of the Romulan Ale he kept stashed there. The stuff was illegal for good reason. Dean took just the tiniest sip but
“Healed me,” Sam offered, trying to get more of a reveal. Dean winced a little at that, which was more a negative reaction than he’d hoped for. Sam went for Dean’s safety route instead. “Dude, it fucking
“Yeah.” Dean snapped back into focus, fiddling with his shirt again. “Yeah, I’ll tell you what I saw. I, um…”
“What are your other conditions?”
The year Sam was away from Starfleet — Sam had only been 18, but still so much older — was obviously the best year of his life. So after what happened with Jess, Dean had assumed Sam would’ve erased Starfleet from his life completely. Instead he came back, and not only did he come back, but he came back as navigator. Right back where he started. Dean would never understand how Sam could just
transporter room.
“Look, man, I know you’re sick of hearing this, but Castiel—”
The only thing they’d messed up was the timing. After causing a distraction and stealing away the ambassador, sending him off with Ketch, returning to where they’d stashed their communicators to avoid detection, they just happened to stumble straight into the Rosencian queen. An epic fight against the guards ensued (epic in that Charlie fought valiantly, Jo did her best, Kevin folded immediately, and Dean nearly got his nipples removed), and now, for the past four hours, they’d been in chains in what seemed to be the palace dungeon.
“Don’t—” Sam protested.
Right, my little Seraph friend?”
“If Bobby can’t heal it, the freakin’ Seraph will. Now stop staring at my naked chest," Dean demanded, shaking his shackles to punctuate.
“Under due Seraphim law.” Zachariah smiled grotesquely, then dropped his face to a neutral position identical to that of Uriel and Castiel. “The problem remains: she’d already sold the Seals to eager buyers across the Alpha and Beta quadrants of the galaxy. They are well and truly scattered.”
Although mind melds weren’t exactly forbidden, all Seraphim understood the enactment of them was, to put it simply,
“Some very important Seraphim artifacts have been stolen,” Zachariah announced. He looked around the room as if expecting a dramatic emotional response. “They are called the Seals of Elysium, and they must be retrieved with all possible effort.”
Harvelle dismissed Lieutenant Winchester. When he had departed, Castiel turned to the captain.
“We’re inside— out.” A rough, painful gasp, and a tear streaked another shiny path down his cheek. “You—”
Go to bed.
do that again,” Dean scolded, halfway to a sob.
“Way to go, Kevin,” Jo groaned.
That was apparently insensitive. “I apologize for the…” he set his jaw. “These are admittedly not… ideal circumstances to grow acquainted with each other.”
“Strategize.”
Dean switched gears, wandering over to Sam and yanking up a frequency on his tricorder to screw with the readings on his brother’s machine. Sam elbowed Dean in the side and gave him the evil eye. Dean elbowed him back. Sam swiftly kicked him in the shin.
Sam winced. “My brother would beg to differ,” he chuckled unhappily.
“You caved?” Ketch smirked. He made an obnoxious little hand movement. “Relinquished your agency already? I knew you had a thing for dominant partners, but—”
