“Good, yeah. Meeting this morning with the publicist arranging my speaking engagements—that’s a bit weird—and then lunch with a writer from the Globe’s Sunday magazine. She’s doing a big story on concussion in kids’ leagues. This afternoon another meeting, with the guy they’ve got writing speeches for me.”
“All admirable, of course,” Mycroft said, and gave Sherlock a terribly sincere look, even going so far as to lean toward Sherlock as he spoke. “I worry, brother, that you think you don’t deserve it.”
“May I?” Sherlock asked, gesturing, and John nodded, and sniffed. Sherlock reached for him, and John turned toward him. “It’s nothing like what you can do--I freely admit this is not even my first attempt, but the only one with which I was satisfied--”
“What’s that?” John motioned for Sherlock to have a seat at the table and went for the bakery box of army wives’ holiday specialties.
John laughed, then frowned. “I know the one you mean. What’s her name? Damn. It’s not as if you can just search for
“Nothing like,” Sherlock dismissed with a shrug. “He pulled his swing, and I was turning; barely a glance.” His lips curled upward and assumed one of his boastful poses. “Just a kiss.”
It was a terrible expression on John’s face as he rushed up the hallway, and Sherlock had an intense, instant desire to repair it. Another job no longer his, in the larger scheme, but at the moment he could at least make a go.
“Have you given up the cane? Maybe this time it’s gone for good,” Sherlock mused, and John would have thought he was taking the piss, but his gaze was open and expectant, as if none of this line of discussion was new to John.
There was nothing else to say or ask, so John finally did put the phone aside, face down on the coffee table beside an empty glass he’d poured a beer in, vainly hoping he might ride the buzz all the way to sleep. Instead he had a headache and an uncomfortable bubble below his left ribs.
Rosie shuddered dramatically and let out one of her excited half-squeals. Sherlock reminded her not to rush to judgment by holding up one finger.
“I could have just brought her to you when she’s done playing,” John volunteered, preemptively fending off a grumpy reaction from Sherlock about having to put on shoes and coat to meet them in what Rosie was lately calling “the park at home.”
Sherlock slapped his thighs and stood, brushing his palms down his chest to clear away any lingering crumbs.
Sherlock held up a finger and turned back to John. In low tones, he quickly explained, “What million-pound estate agent takes a weekend off in the busy season? Only one planning to drink and fuck his way through four days and nights of London Pride.” John tilted his head, allowing that Sherlock’s deduction was likely the correct one. Sherlock straightened up and rubbed his palms together, then reached for the button on his suit jacket. “My partner and I have a proposition for you, in that case, of something we may be able to work out, right now.”
John’s eyes blurred as tears seeped from his eyes, and he even sobbed out loud, and he was so glad no one was in the room to see or hear it. He immediately regretted having admitted his deepest fear, his most crippling self-doubt, the thing that kept him awake at night and that informed every move he made. He wished he could delete it, but it was already sent.
” and Sherlock worked one hand close to his open lips, and his chin, all wet with running saliva he slathered over John’s hole with a lapping, flicking tongue. Inched in a finger. Licked it. Sucked. Turned it and pressed and turned it another way, went on licking all around it, and John let out a shuddering moan that pleased Sherlock deeply.
He still required tea, and food, and those were as good as any excuses to put it off a bit. He looked at the clock near the refrigerator. Had it really been nearly twelve hours since last he’d eaten? No wonder his head ached, tea or no. In the fridge was the jam Rosie liked. He’d bought bread he doubted the healthfulness of, as Rosie refused any with seeds or nuts or bits of dried oat anywhere in evidence. He buttered toast and slathered on jam—sugar was good for headaches, at least in the short term—and then repeated the process twice. Toast in his right hand, phone in his left, he could not stop checking for texts or email which did not arrive.
He’d never seen a truly beautiful child until he saw his own. He wondered if other parents felt the same—lying about pretty babies until at last they met the one they’d happily lie down in the road for.
Sherlock could read Iain from his newsboy-capped head to his frayed messenger bag to his low-end-of-upscale shoes. He was making a scant living, had at least two cats and at least two housemates, wrote longhand in an expensive notebook. He was single and queer and had a massive crush on Sherlock’s boyfriend. Not that Sherlock blamed him; John was manly, seductive, sex on legs. He himself had developed a similarly massive crush on John roughly four minutes after first speaking to him. So it was eminently understandable.
John sprang to his feet and he swept up his coat, wallet, and house keys on his way out the door. “What’s wrong with Rosie?”
True to their word, the Brawlers’ closed the lead by scoring one early, and the offense was playing quick and careful, minimising turnovers and taking shots wherever they could rather than waiting for the fancy play to develop. The Gold Rush started icing the puck at every opportunity, repeatedly stopping play, probably to throw the Brawlers off their rhythm. Sherlock’s hand went up again and again as the puck sailed past his line.
Back out on the ice getting ready for the second--just before starting his usual choreography of stick, neck, crouch, and settle--Sherlock spent a moment in his crease with one knee on the ice. John would know what it meant.
Just as he was sinking into the plot of the film, eyes half-closed and heavy, John stirred him up with the simple inquiry, “What’s your day like tomorrow?”
He was late—unforgivably, sloppily so—and so served his time in the skybox, perspiring beneath his suit, watching the clock more than the game. John texted to ask what had happened, expressed shock when Sherlock told him he was being punished for bad behaviour. He blamed an over-long nap, the car service, a broken GPS unit.
Rosie moaned, and John turned to her, stroked her cheek. “Poor you. I’m going to make sure they get you feeling better quickly so we can go home to your own bed.”
“No doubt he’s done twice what I could have, in half the time,” Sherlock volunteered. John had that mechanism which allowed him to pass wasted time at unpleasant tasks for no reason, neither complaining nor feeling put upon, a quality Sherlock lacked and could not say he felt deprived of.
Sherlock stood with his near-empty cup of tea and Rosie’s near-full cup of warm milk, one in each gloved hand, near the Year Two queue-up spot in the school yard, while Rosie chased a boy and two girls around in bumble-bee zigzags, all of them shouting and with first-of-the-day energy he would have marveled at had it been less volume-intensive. He spotted John across the yard but could not motion to him or wave, so instead whistled, which caused a brief ripple of curious silence around him but which served to catch John’s attention and direct him.
“Your hat you let me wear.” Sherlock had handed off the deerstalker he’d accidentally made into his signature—despite Savile Row suits, an endless string of blue mufflers wound around his neck, and his good coat—for Rosie to keep in her dress-up trunk when she’d begun to toddle. Rosie pointed to the drawing’s hands. “This is your magnifier.”
“Late twenties. Married. No children, good because he cheats. Closing in on three hundred points. They’ve got him playing left on the third line. He was rather put-out not to be made alternate captain, though how he feels he is qualified is anyone’s guess. Lazy during the second half of every practice.”
“How was the first day of school?” he asked, shedding his jacket and folding it over the back of a kitchen chair.
Sherlock smiled in the dark, and maneuvered John’s hand between their two chests, cradled between Sherlock’s own hands, to hold him fast the whole night through.
“Well, no need to decide right now.” John smiled and rolled closer, a welcome weight against Sherlock’s side. “Shower first. More food. Movie and bed.”
Ms Shea took the lead. “First of all, I want you to know how much I enjoy having Rosamund in my classroom. She is a diligent worker, very generous with friends, always curious and eager to learn. Here are some things we worked on yesterday.” She slid two sheets toward them, one with maths fill-in-the-blanks—early training for algebraic equations, Sherlock realised—and another with the preprinted title “I partner-read with” beneath which Rosie had written two classmates’ names, and with a summary sentence she’d written across the bottom on two printed lines:
John barely moved his lips, but Sherlock knew them intimately and so easily read them as he mouthed,
“No.” John protested, but the invitation to sleep was near-irresistible. His leaden limbs would not move, not even a hand. Not even a finger.
There was a way to turn the doorknob, and a way to swing the door–open, then closed–to maintain the silence. The right side of the bottom step, the side that didn’t creak. Stepping soft as he could through the kitchen and out into the cold, sucking his breath at the shock of it. Hands in his trousers’ pockets and his shoulders shrugged up. Walking across the frost-crisp grass, the only man awake in the county, he imagined. The only man awake in England. The gentle crunch of his footfalls that only he could hear.
John fished in his pocket and came up with a handful of folded bills. He shuffled quickly then started to offer her a quarter-folded twenty. Sherlock intervened, liberating a fifty, which he handed over. The clerk tried to refuse but in the end accepted with profuse thanks, though her gaze darted between them, unsure who exactly she should be grateful to.
“Will she sleep through the night?” Sherlock wondered. Their voices were hushed, and the only background sounds were the occasional, distant whoosh of a passing car in the street below. John killed the overhead fluorescent as he left the kitchen to join Sherlock in the lounge; the dim of lamplight better suited the scene.
More than not wanting to think about it, John did not want to talk about it. “Well, not many doctors come out of this post code, so I knew I had to be,” he said. There was a half-second where it seemed Sherlock might ask another question so John said, in as casually friendly a tone as he could muster, “No shame in a working class background.”
“Made up the sofa.” John tilted his head and Sherlock looked. So he had. “Didn’t know whether to wake you but thought, your back.”
“So this is for you,” Sherlock said, and held up the ring between thumb and forefinger, “to remind you that I’ve got your back. I’m your man, for as long as it suits you.”
“I should get going,” John said, though he was reluctant to stop poring through the material, especially now that he’d teased out the common thread of sleep disorders. “I’ll be the one they’re mistaking for dead, tomorrow.”
So thoroughly pleased it felt like the mildest of mild highs, Sherlock contended with a sort of celebratory restlessness. He spent nearly an hour dressing and arranging himself to decent effect: linen trousers bought specifically for the island holiday, and a pale blue button-down with short sleeves displaying his muscular arms to good effect. Soft leather loafers without socks. Satisfied he cut an appealing figure, Sherlock went for a wander, telling himself he’d find a quiet place to have a drink.
“She’s down there.” He motioned. “I’ll kip on Mrs Hudson’s sofa. You can say goodbye in the morning.”
But then there was the fact of Sherlock’s brother, redolent of stinking abuses of power, always able to fix whatever needed fixing, by whatever means required, without it ever coming back to haunt him. Whatever ledge John had managed to talk himself down from, he quickly climbed right back on it, feeling grim as ever. His phone sounded and he fished it from his pocket, leaned back uncomfortably against a wire fence.
John felt a jittery tightness high in his chest, above his breastbone. He considered his answer, letting time tick by until he felt pressure to type a response despite not really having one.
.” The room was lightly moonlit, he could find the shape of John beside him but could not discern the features of his face. Holding his hand, Sherlock petted him; he was gasping. “Wake up, John.”
Sherlock was given an address and a number to text when he arrived. He joined the flow of his teammates filing off the bus, and while they headed into the hotel lobby through the slow-revolving door, Sherlock peeled off from the group and engaged the concierge stationed at the taxi stand. In under a minute, he was on his way.
“Thank you. I will always defer to you, not for reasons of biology, or of hierarchy, but because that is the way you need things to be. I understand that about you. And it does no harm to anyone—does Watson no harm, surely—so I am happy to acquiesce. What I am trying to do, in what I now recognise was the clumsiest of ways, is signal my commitment to her, for a lifetime.”
“I had a patient recently,” John said, leaning against the sink, with a few swallows of water left in his glass. “Proper
John looked sheepish and bewildered, coming through the door from the landing. Rosie had answered the bell, and Sherlock could hear not his words but the discomfited surprise in his voice at not only having waited at what used to be his own front door, but being admitted into the house by his child. The men exchanged nods of greeting as Rosie returned to fold up on the sofa with her tablet, where she was using a medical simulation game to diagnose kidney failure. John stood just inside the door, not taking off his coat, rubbing his hands together.
“No trouble,” said Sherlock’s mother, “Seems you two are in a hurry to be off, anyway, so we’ll be leaving.”
“Something serious?” Sherlock inquired. He tugged at his shirt cuffs to even them beneath the edges of his jacket’s sleeves. At last he realised he should have invited John to shed his jacket, have a seat, but too late, so he left it.
“More than all right,” Sherlock assured him, and rolled onto his side as he gathered up the covers and bundled himself, digging his head gratefully into the pillow. “You should sleep; what’s your morning like?”
He was called Steven, a name Sherlock was fond of because it had been the name of his first lover, a coffee shop counterman with sharp, gravity-defying fringe and a strong jaw. The newer, older Steven walked Sherlock down a corridor past closed office doors and glass-walled conference rooms on one side, half-walled cubicles on the other. Steven greeted the few people they passed, the not-too-friendly boss. Sherlock shifted his eyes down and to the side, eyed him up from Prada oxfords to Hugo Boss suit to silk necktie and sapphire-studded tie tack.  Matching sapphire links in the French cuffs of his shirt. It occurred to Sherlock that for the first time in many years, he was about to have sex with a man even wealthier than he was.
John let go a harsh, self-satisfied grunt, and raised himself up again, one hand still pinning Sherlock by the wrists—now harder, and Sherlock momentarily flexed his fingers, which were tingling, near-numb—and the other in a fist beside his shoulder. His selfish thrusting and the animalistic sounds he made brought Sherlock right along with him, his breaths noisy and too shallow as John’s rocking body weighed him down, stealing the wind from his lungs.
So much for embracing having Sherlock here for the day. He’d been hoping to get a rise out of him when he’d confronted him about the wedding, but he hadn’t expected Sherlock to insist they continue on circling each other in this distant purgatory between ex-partners and friends and lovers. This kind of resignation was far worse than a blowout argument would’ve been.
“Don’t we all?” she countered. She wasn’t about to go airing Stella’s dirty laundry without any topical direction. She took a sip of the latte. It was her exact order: vanilla latte with an extra espresso shot, dusted with cinnamon. This man was
“I want you to take me upstairs to my bedroom, and let me watch from the bed while you take off your shirt and trousers,” Sherlock spoke as intensely as he would during a deduction, but the content was deliciously captivating. “You’ll crawl on top of me and kiss me until I need you to take my clothes off.” He rubbed John’s length over his trousers, and John
Sherlock considered, slipping off his shoes, lying down, and plopping his feet onto the bed. It was a bit short, so his feet hung off the edge. He had replayed the exact moment of their meeting in his head extensively, trying to analyze what had drawn him to John. “I wouldn’t have admitted it at the time, but I was lonely. I knew you were, too- it came off of you in droves.”
“When I was away, I would let myself think of you only when I had a long period of waiting, or when my circumstances were horribly bleak.” Sherlock swallows, a morbid thought crossing his face. “During a waiting period, once, in Berlin, I went to a club with the sole purpose of finding a man who bore some resemblance to you to shag. Just to see what it would be like, you know, in case I never- in case I didn’t make it home. I found a suitable subject, and we had sex. That’s it.”
do this himself. Mary would’ve been able to cut Rosie’s hair perfectly, he thought bitterly. Even Sherlock would’ve been able to do it as if he’d gone to beauty school (hell, maybe he did). Rosie’s hair, her clothes, her dolls, John didn’t have much of a sense for those things. Ultimately, it was the familiar twinge of single parent guilt that tugged him out the front door and into his car to drive Rosie to Ms. Delia’s Salon in town.
Elaine’s big t-shirt rode up to Rosie’s waist as she slipped to the bathroom floor. She ached for Stella. She ached to know the truth. And for the first time in years, she ached to know who Mum really was.
made Rosie nauseous. But their wedding night here, Rosie thought as she plopped down on the deliciously soft sheets and Stella followed, would be very nice, indeed.
Cheers erupted from the crowd, from Rosie’s friends and family and uninvited tourists alike, and John suddenly remembered other people had been watching. There was a flash of nervousness in Sherlock’s eyes, so he kissed Sherlock again, a reassuring thing that said
Where could they be? She pulled out her mobile, ringing Dad. No answer. She rang Sherlock, and aha! He picked up on the fourth ring.
, you’ve been practicing like mad- no one in the entire audience will ever know. Only you know the music, Rosie,” he said. He could still hear sniffles. “I’m so proud of you, no matter what happens on that stage.”
“I suppose you haven’t lost your charm with women, then,” Sherlock observed, eyeing a couple playing footsie two tables over. The ‘women’ part of the sentence came out as a sort of whistle.
John stilled, and Sherlock was petrified that he’d said the wrong thing. In the pause, his mind was rapidly catching up to his body. Luckily, John spoke before the race got too close.
“I can’t-, Sherlock, I’m gonna…” Sherlock could feel John’s bollocks tightening, his pelvic muscles contracting. John pulled on Sherlock’s hair, urging him off, but there was no way Sherlock was letting John come anywhere but in his mouth. He wanted to suck him dry.
With one more inhale of the carefully catalogued smells of Mind Palace Angelo’s, and one more glance at Mind Palace John, knowing he’d have to leave this alternate timeline version behind, Sherlock closed his eyes, willing himself to rise back into reality.
These being the words he was holding onto made Sherlock question his hearing. “John. You really don’t need my approval for every-…”
John swallowed, putting his plate and fork on the small table next to his beer. Then, to Sherlock’s horror, he started laughing. Not the full, wheezing, belly laugh that Sherlock had stored deeply and fondly in his mind palace, but a resigned, ridiculing chuckle. “Tomorrow? Good, yeah, let me just put my entire life on hold to run away to Asia. God, Sherlock. No. I can’t. I can’t do that.” He rubbed his brow between his thumb and forefinger. Working himself up, he stood. The position was reminiscent of their conversation on his birthday at the beginning of the year. That had ended in a hug and cake- why couldn’t this?
Greg sighed. “She’s not exactly your biggest fan, mate. You know. Her and Sherlock talk...” the man looked deeply uncomfortable, finishing the sentence with a noncommittal wave.
The easy answer to boredom loomed like a shadow just beyond a door he needed all his strength to hold closed.
“Oh, now, it’s not so bad. I’ll pick you up from school Wednesday. I promise you won’t even miss me. But here. Hug, please.” His knee creaked and groaned as he set it on the foamy surface of the play area, and Rosie leaned into his arms. He squeezed her extra hard. “I’ll miss you every second.”
bombs—all talking to each other—so I’ll leave the logistics to you, but there’s no getting around the fact the bomb squad is required at its soonest possible convenience at the bus garages at Hounslow, Orpington, Willesden, Crawley, Peckham, and one or the other of the two at Croydon—best cover our bets and attend to both.”
Sherlock dabbed at his coat’s sleeve with the end of his blue muffler, then raised the cuff to his mouth and licked off a blob of foam, which John found unexpectedly cute.
“Are you afraid of heights?” Sherlock asked, and tried not to smile, lest John think he was taking the piss out of him. In reality, he was impressed with John’s courage at not having shown the least hint of anxiety to that point.
There was a green paper folder containing her day’s work. Some arithmetic illustrated by sets of varying numbers of cartoon cats (she was still writing her sixes and nines backwards). A drawing of a lion and lioness and two cubs, with a three sentence story:
“Maybe, I think,” Rosie said noncommittally. “I like Angelo’s because we always go there, but I kind of don’t like it.”
“They won’t let me in to see her. Everything’s fine. But apparently it takes more than a child clinging to you, crying, to prove parental status.”
After a few silent seconds which caused John to anticipate another change of topic, Rosie asked, “Is Sherlock cross with me?”
John sighed relief. “I’m glad you agree.” He rubbed his palms up and down his thighs, moved to rise. Sherlock mirrored him and they met awkwardly, not in the middle, keeping to their outer edges. Not sure of the right thing to do, Sherlock offered a handshake. John returned it, but after a moment they were embracing, without heat but with warmth, and they lingered in it. John’s arms were tight around Sherlock’s back, and Sherlock let his eyes close.
“Off-brand soda. There’s one in the fridge called Professor Peepers. What do you suppose that even means?”
John took up his cup. “I’ve biscuits and brownies and things, if you’d like something?” he offered, starting the quick walk down the foyer to his front door. Sherlock lingered, then followed. As they passed into the little flat, Sherlock looked around, turning this way and that exaggeratedly.
John muttered curses, stomping around the flat at what Sherlock felt was a truly indecent hour of the morning. “Something I can help with?” Sherlock asked, yawning around it and rumpling the bedding as he curled and stretched awake.
Sherlock’s relief radiated through his chest, followed quickly by a wash of happy pride. “Of course they are,” he said decisively, reaching for John’s phone, which he presumed must display an email from the Hamilton Thrashers’ head office. He scanned the screen: an invitation for John to attend a ceremony in his honour before a Thrashers game in mid-November.
Hours later, back in his little flat, scrubbed clean and dressed in his own clothes, with a box full of baked goods and his email full of photos taken by the coordinating volunteer, John still felt the residual bliss. He went to the kitchen to pour tea to have with some of the iced biscuits. The kettle was near-empty so he waited by the worktop while the fresh pot hotted up.
Thirty minutes in a taxi saw John repeatedly checking his wristwatch while Rosie played the tiny cat game on Sherlock’s phone. Sherlock caught John’s eye and gave him a look intended to reassure. “You’re worried I’ll change my mind,” he joked mildly.
Once the reading was done and Rosie had been offered one last chance to call John—Sherlock’s reaction a rich blend of guilty relief and rueful compassion at her second refusal—she turned onto her stomach and Sherlock brushed her hair aside so he could trace shapes and figures over the slight expanse of her back with his fingertips. They’d always called it
Sherlock didn’t know where to begin to explain how much in error Steven’s assumptions were. Then he wondered if it was even necessary to correct him. The silence grew, and Steven broke it rather than wait for a response from Sherlock.
Sherlock sighed, laughing at himself being caught out in his attempt at denial. John paused the film and looked at him, lifting his eyebrows in expectation of a respons. Generously, he offered, “I have nothing until ten; thought we could have breakfast somewhere.”
“Megan Ashley Plays. Because the people who make the game watch her videos and sometimes she makes up a design and then they say, We’ll make that cat!”
“I think having dance class right after school is a lot for her,” John said, hanging his coat on the hall tree, but not taking off his shoes. "It was the same last week.”
“I put in several,” Sherlock assured her. John was already heading for the landing, but Rosie would not be moved.
JW: Dinner and a movie! If this was one of those know-your-mate quiz shows you’d have lost already. We watch movies and eat together. On the team plane, that’s how we passed the time. Kind of how we got to know each other.
“Will you be able to sleep?” Sherlock asked, doused the light, and settled back into John’s light embrace. John hummed assent. “Goodnight, then.”
The picture that assembled itself from the man’s medical history was a fascinating one. Diagnosed with ALS in his thirties, he had never succumbed to the usual symptoms; the diagnosis remained but no treatment was given. By the time the man was in his mid-sixties John began to see notes like “Dx ALS 1989? Asymptomatic. Question validity of dx.” The man had worked in construction and twice been treated for head injuries related to work, after which he displayed signs of narcolepsy, had migraines, and experienced periods of numbness and paralysis of his hands, arms, and feet. His wife described periods of “spaciness” when he seemed not to hear or see her—John thought these episodes were possibly seizures. There’d been a heart attack and bypass surgery at 59 and the records showed the man had been hard to rouse from anaesthesia, got bad reports from the nursing staff during his recovery that he was combative and abusive, and though he was repeatedly sedated in amounts that seemed to John to be excessive, every report stated the man continued to complain of an inability to sleep.
“No.” There was a headache gathering between his eyebrows. He looked up the road for evidence of a taxi.
John rolled his eyes, smiling away. “You’re shameless,” he chided, then to the desk clerk said, “It’s fine, don’t mind him.”
He saw the effect of his expressing dismay; John tightened his lips into a frown, briefly, and inhaled quiet but long, a steadying breath.
Two short strides and Sherlock was taking a knee, sideways-glancing at his folded profile in the tall mirror hung on a sliding closet door. He drew in his belly with a muscular shift, to make it vanish. There was a bruise on his tricep he hadn’t noticed before, and one inside his opposite forearm. He raised his gaze, lifted both hands and beckoned with two quick come-to-me flicks of his fingers.
“If there’s anything else I can do to make your stay more comfortable, please just dial zero-one for the front desk and let me know.”
“All I need is for you to flash your credentials at his office; I’ll do the talking to get what I need. They won’t even notice you haven’t said a word, and by the time they get suspicious, we’ll be long gone.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and leaned forward fractionally. “So, Watson is making up scary stories to entertain other seven-year-olds. And you’re asserting that as evidence she may be out of touch with reality.”
“Let it be a lesson to you,” Sherlock replied. There was a protruding overlook, about twenty feet long, with a floor made of glass which reminded Sherlock—perhaps too much—of a diving platform. “Shall we walk out there?” he joked.
Obviously, having sex with Sherlock in order to connect with him was not going to be the way forward now they were living apart and moving on with their lives. But there was something to this idea of discovering new ways to interpret those happier, well-connected times, that could serve them.
Sherlock could only imagine John had come back to further berate him. He tugged at the cuffs of his dressing gown and stepped toward the sitting room, desperate for the cigarettes he had given up—again—months earlier. Checked the most quickly accessible hiding spots and came up empty. He heard John enter, his usual gait, not thundering, and then the sound of the doors to the landing being shut and the locks turned. His fingers dug into his palm, tight-curled, as he turned to face him.
Sherlock returned John’s grin, felt anxiety melting off him. His man was gorgeous, so delightfully sturdy. Listened well. Said every right thing. As evidence of his perfection, John started to rise from the bed, tipped his head toward the bath. “
“I do remember a time when he reliably aimed his fury at the aggressing party, though, and not at you,” Mycroft said pointedly. He and John had never gotten on, each viewing the other with suspicion and distrust. As such, neither would ever miss a chance to point out the other’s faults, and Sherlock had gotten it from both sides for over a decade, endlessly defending each to the other. Sherlock let his brother’s observation go by; not only did he not wish to argue about tangential matters, he could not argue against the truth.
“I’d had such an eighties-movie vision of it, too,” John said with a stagey, regretful shake of his head.
Sherlock looked up; the men were suddenly on the move, nearly out the door. He got smoothly to his feet, wrapped his coat around himself and started out after them. Once out the door, he watched as they split up and moved toward three cars, nodding and muttering goodnights at each other. Sherlock stood beside the pub’s front door and drew out a cigarette and matches, a bit of stage business to make him a less obvious observer. In his pocket, his phone went several more times.
Nodding and cracking a smile, John reached for Rosie’s hand to guide her back to her feet and told her, “Well, you wear it well. I’d never have guessed. Up you get, or we’ll be late.”
Mrs Hudson snapped his photo with an old point and shoot camera; John wondered if there was anywhere left locally to develop the film, but not for long, as the car the veterans’ charity had sent for him pulled up and sounded its horn. He took up his cane, waved Mrs Hudson a hearty goodbye and was on his way.
“True, I like him. But this is not just the worst Christmas song of all time, it may be the worst song, generally.”
“Paper snowflakes,” Sherlock said, with precisely the sort of quiet delight in his voice John had hoped for. “These are lovely. Look how delicate.”
“Not entirely, no.” John had taken Sherlock’s hand then, kissed his fingers and given him a look. “Shut the door, darling; it might get loud.”
Once Sherlock regained his senses—a difficult task as he was positively stupid with endorphins and felt as if his body was fire reduced to embers, still smouldering—he gripped John’s gorgeous thick cock in one hand and sank his mouth down on it, tease-sucking on each pull, twisting his neck to slide his tongue over as much of John’s skin as he could manage. John’s fingers digging into his thighs were a welcome irritation, and John’s own thighs began to shiver and didn’t stop until he’d shouted himself hoarse riding out his orgasm, Sherlock licking up the shaft of his cock so his spunk pumped out to ooze over Sherlock’s cheek and chin. Sherlock was grateful for the intimacy of it, and shuddered with orgasmic aftershock at the thrill of its filth.
“Until then,” John went on, and resumed his seat on the bed, hip to hip with Sherlock. He let his book fall open where it wished to, and began to pluck out and unfold lacy filigrees of newsprint, passing each to Sherlock for his approval.
Both welcomed the chance to fall back on gentle joking, a softer place to rest amidst a rocky slog through all the old muck and mire of their failed relationship.
Just when too much became not enough, and Sherlock contemplated interfering on his own behalf, John hummed a knowing little tone, and began to stroke, tight and steady, inviting Sherlock’s complementary motion. “That’s it.” Sherlock gripped John’s arm, tight there just above his elbow. “Mm, fuck me,” John murmured, and Sherlock did, letting slide the last sense of self-consciousness, moaning, hips rolling, body rocking up to meet him. His orgasm began as a spike of lightning that liquified, molten, to ease him into softness, and he let go a long, low,
John fell away, then came right back, sweeter kisses, full of that softening gratitude Sherlock had come to know in all their moments-after. Once John’s breath had calmed, he re-wet his fingers with a quick slip of tongue, and busied his fingertips with the ticklish edges of Sherlock’s foreskin, teasing his crown with slick smoothing and returning, which made Sherlock throb and shiver, his breath gusting out and sucking in, brittle shards of air carrying the barest hints of his dark voice.
"Healthy Scratch": an uninjured player on the roster who does not dress for a game. This is sometimes used as a way to penalize players who misbehave off-ice (such as when then-rookie Tyler Seguin missed a Boston Bruins team breakfast and found himself watching that night's game from the skybox). Given the number of injured players on most teams' rosters, it's pretty rare that there are any men to spare, so a healthy scratch is noteworthy. (The players still gets paid, though, so. . .)
Sherlock shrugged a surrender. “Probably right,” he admitted. “I don’t know how to reassure you further than to say that I would never endanger Watson—I never have—and though I know it’s apparently impossible for you to believe, I never intend to endanger myself. It just sometimes ends up that way.” He smiled a bit to acknowledge such a statement by anyone outside his line of work would be ludicrous; possibly it was ludicrous even for him.
They went on admiring the paper snowflakes, Sherlock praising and John puffing up with pride, until they had minutely examined every and all. They saved the favourite few, and made love amidst the rest.
Digging his nose in between John’s pillow and the side of his face, Sherlock whispered, “Still love you.”
, he replied—a reminder of danger signs he’d already blown past and which he should direct himself back onto the correct side of—then added
“You made them?” Sherlock asked. They were beginning to pile up across their laps, and on the quilt around them. “Heavens, how many?”
“Yeah, of course.” John put on his jacket, felt his pockets for his phone and wallet. “I can do some research in the journals online as well, if that would help.”
Steven motioned with his head toward the bedroom and let Sherlock lead the way, though it did not feel like leading so much as like being followed. “Get undressed,” Steven said, making his way to the far side of the room and unbuckling his wristwatch. “I want to watch you do it.”
is the word I think your teacher wants you to use,” Sherlock reminded. He drew lines between the names on his own page and it reminded him of pinning strings between clues on the wall, so he drew circles at the end of each line to make the pinheads. John’s paper still only said
Having believed himself a solitary soul, he was inordinately surprised to hear the low thunder of footsteps coming down the stairs beneath which part of his tiny flat was nestled, then the rattle of his doorknob being tried.
“The meatball sandwiches,” John asserted, his tone indicating for Sherlock to disagree would mean John would carry on pretending annoyance.
Sherlock nodded and reached over to run his hand up and down John’s back. “And do what instead? Have you thought about it?”
As they approached the main doors, Sherlock found a bin and ditched the cups. At the front desk John introduced them and indicated they had an appointment with Ms Shea, Rosie’s teacher. They were installed in a small conference room with all the chairs alike and uncomfortable—not quite high enough in relation to the table—and sat, still wearing their coats. John folded his hands in front of him on the tabletop; his thumb worked absently against the one pinned beneath it. Sherlock restrained himself from putting his hand on top of John’s to quiet the fidget. He longed for a view, but the windows were high up and narrow, and all he saw through them was the white-grey sky.
Sherlock was waiting in the lobby of the hotel when John arrived, pulling a wheeled suitcase and wearing a Thrashers t-shirt under his open jacket.
But he had wanted that before—they both had—John, too—and look where it had taken them. John Watson was dedicated to hard work, went at it with gusto and a sense of duty, did not accept defeat easily—almost not at all. John was loyal; not blindly so, but when respect was earned, he willingly gave it and stood sturdily in defense of its object. If a man like that—if John Watson himself—had born even the slightest sense that
Reality proved even more electrifying than Sherlock’s imagination: kneeling on a fluffed-up, folded-over bath towel while John perched on the tub’s perfect-height edge, the cascading wash of the fully-open tap a surreally sexy soundtrack, now and then punctuated by a gasp or groan. John’s hand cradling his aching jaw. John’s rampant cock silky-salt on his tongue. Semi-racing the rising water, Sherlock’s hands re-learned the shape of John’s thighs for the hundredth, three-hundredth time, the first of a thousand, three thousand, ever and ever as long as you’ll have me I’m yours, yours, oh. . .
John was not deterred. “It puts her at risk, whether you admit it or not,” he went on, through tight teeth. “If I don’t—” A quick swallow while he checked in with himself one last time before spitting out the words. “I’ve tried—for years I’ve tried to get through to you—but, if I don’t take Rosie away from you, Sherlock, sooner or later they’re going to take her from me.” He raised his shoulders and shook his head; a universal gesture of helpless resignation.
“Yours, too,” John agreed, and they kissed, and leaned away, and petted each other’s faces. John laid out on the bathroom’s wide, granite countertop small scissors, razors, a badger brush he’d inherited from his dad, and a mug of shaving soap. For the better part of an hour, the two stood side by side and in a manner that felt like a shared bath or a promising striptease, trimmed away the excess whiskers from their playoff beards, then shaved their own and each other’s faces.
“Quite a high fever. Complaining of pain in her arms and legs. Lethargic and I think she may have been hallucinating.”
Floor’s spinning too but sometimes. Sometimes you just. You hafta just. Ride it out. Ride it out, y’know? Shut up, Watson. Go asleep, now. Go asleep.
—to the captain’s practice or optional skate he wouldn’t attend, to dressing in his suit and leaving for the arena. He needed to arrange his gear in his locker, check the tapes on his pads. A game of two-touch getting loud with laughter outside the dressing room. He needed to stand by the door, then lead his team up the tunnel and onto the rink, smacking the pyramid of pucks onto the ice as he passed, stretching his quads, saving his teammates’ warm-up shots. He needed to rough up his crease, bang his stick, pop his neck, settle in and focus up. Instead he was wearing a ball cap and chirping the other teams’ forwards as they skated by, probably too far away to hear him but he did it anyway. All this he needed with a cold, stiff ache from deep in his bones. There were gaps in him that needed to be filled, and to leave them empty was to invite disaster. Boredom was not allowed, yet every game night was boring.
The case appeared to bear all the markings of a domestic murder but one. The victim was a notorious recluse with no spouse or dating partner, no siblings, and no living parents. The tiny flat was a rat’s maze of clutter piled on the floor and every horizontal surface to heights around John’s beltline--some as high as his shoulder--and there was a low, rank smell of old food, wet paper, and body odour. A badly staged fake suicide. No suspects, no motive, a computer screen displaying YOU DIED Try Again? Yes / No.
He was on his knees in the hotel storage closet, searching for the arsenic supply. In the past, this was the kind of duty he’d give to John on a case, but now, he did his own grunt work. Unfortunately, with aging knees and a tiring heart, he assigned most physical field work to the homeless network these days. Although, it was hardly fair to call them that anymore. He’d come into some money after the death of Uncle Rudy, and he made it his mission to provide stable housing for all the members of his homeless network. It paid him back tenfold with their loyalty.
Sherlock had been naive, then. Blinded by undead optimism. Fooled by the stories he’d constructed for himself with this adoring Mind Palace version of John, some of them in this very room.
At this, Sherlock scoffs. “We don’t need to make any sort of statement about it. People have been speculating for years. Let them talk. John hardly said anything scandalous.”
Sherlock and John barely made it three steps into the hotel lobby before Watson came jogging up in a wedding dress like some distressed character in one of those tedious British dramas to stop them from leaving, all flushed cheeks and messed lipstick. She’d just been snogging Stella on the dance floor, clearly.
Rosie raised a brow. “Oh?” She had been instantly drawn in. It was her dark clothes from head to toe, the easy confidence that came with being a few years older, intense eyes that looked like they were reading her.
It was tricky business, though, conflating crafted memories with reality. Especially when they concerned John, who was already living in a corrupted world of muddled memories.
Sherlock speaks softly, but deliberately. His face is calm, and it tells John nothing. “In a minute, you’re going to go in there, get Watson and the pram, and come back out. Then, we’re going to walk back to Baker Street and sort this out.”
“Puffinus puffinus,” Sherlock muttered, eyes still closed, voice low and rumbling. He turned into John, throwing an arm over his bare chest and nuzzling into his neck, inhaling deeply, his wedding band glinting in the sunlight. John shivered, willing himself not to squirm, with the way Sherlock’s breath was tickling his neck.
He remembered writing it in a haze, just days before leaving Baker Street, twenty years ago. He had been awake all night waiting for Sherlock to come home. He hadn’t. When Sherlock finally crept through the threshold of 221B at 5:30am, smelling of smoke and mildew, high as a kite, it hadn’t even been an argument. John knew- they
“Sherlock Holmes. I’m a man who’s loved you for thirty years,” he started, and Sherlock’s blinks came faster. He vaguely registered some soft gasps and faint cheers from the people around him, but his focus was solely on this inexplicable novelty of a man, on articulating his feelings for him in a way he’d never been able to. “And I’ve never been good at it, but ever since the day I met you, I’ve been trying to tell you how much I love you.”
“No need to remind me. You’re standing right here married to my biggest competition, thank you,” she retorted, gesturing to John as if he were a prop in their conversation. Sherlock held him tighter.
“I’ll tell you everything, John. But you’ll be unbearably grumpy if you don’t sleep now. It’s for both of our benefits.”
He had always been able to bury his desire for Sherlock because he felt like he had to, for both of them, for one reason or another (timing, mostly). But seeing Sherlock so
Sherlock willed himself to speak directly to John, “Pass me my phone. It’s on the desk.” He didn’t trust himself to say John’s name aloud in this emotionally heightened state. He feared saying John’s name would add a full kettle of boiling water to a teacup already filled to the brim, and he would spill over years of skirting around the unasked question.
“Well. I hope you’ve enjoyed your prized life,” Sherlock spat with an air of finality, gesturing toward the remains of John’s breakfast. He sat and crossed his legs, finished with this line of conversation.
“Don’t you start,” John slaps his bum playfully. He chuckles, but quickly turns serious. “I’m going to need help, Sherlock. With Rosie. With the drinking. With my anger. But the difference between me and Harry, now, is that I’m going to let you help me. And I’m
When he emerged from the bathroom in pyjama bottoms and a soft cotton t-shirt,  John was gathering his own toiletries from his suitcase. Sherlock was grateful for John’s distraction- he didn’t want to look him in the eyes after his furtive bathroom proceedings.
Against all odds, in the drooping sun of golden hour at the Douglas Promenade Gardens, John Watson was kneeling down on one knee, threading their fingers together, and declaring, “I choose you.”
that’s so good Sherlock. You’re a bloody genius,” John panted, his heavy erection slapping noisily between their stomachs. “I don’t- oh- want this to ever stop.”
Sherlock cut him off with a perfectly tight pull on John’s cock, stroking as he spoke. “Shut. Up. And fuck me.”
Until this question, Xiaowen had acted as if there was no case to be solved. But at this, she adjusted her fringe in distress. “That’s the problem-
The silence was deafening, and maddeningly uncomfortable. She shifted her weight from left to right, wishing she had something to do with her hands, to have anywhere else to look. “Dad?”
With the effects subsided and John back to stepping on the truth and shoving it in the deep recesses of his mind, Xiaowen drove John and Sherlock to their homestay for the night, accommodation just a five minute’s drive from Xiaowen’s family home. After the tea-fueled outburst, John, Sherlock, and Xiaowen made a plan to take the High Speed Rail back to Taoyuan in the morning to investigate Jinmen Airways. For now, Sherlock and John would enlist Mycroft’s help to gain access to records of passengers and staff who had been on their flight.
“Stay over, John.” Sherlock swirled the bit of remaining wine in his glass. He looked divine in the firelight, relaxed from the wine.
Sherlock hummed his appreciation, the praise encouraging him to suck faster, harder. To apply more pressure with his tongue, to wrap a hand around the base, meeting his mouth halfway as he pulled. He settled into a rhythm, and John was watching him, half-lidded, fingers tight in his curls as he bobbed over him. Sherlock met his eyes on a particularly slow, teasing pull, and John hit his head back against the pillow.
Sherlock groaned. “Your train of thought is louder than those gulls,” he said, rolling over onto his back, propping himself up on his elbows. And John had to admit that the display of Sherlock’s cock, plump and wanting, helped to silence a few of his anxious voices. “Stop overthinking. Your best decisions have always been your most impulsive,” he assured, and John leaned forward to capture his lips in a kiss. As always, Sherlock was right. In John’s life, the decisions he’d perseverated on for far too long were the ones he’d made wrong (Never telling Sherlock he loved him before he jumped. Marrying Mary), and the ones he’d been thrown into were the rightest paths (Meeting and moving in with Sherlock. Having Rosie).
Sherlock studied him for a moment. “Not yet. But I can’t do it forever, John. It’s not sustainable.” He looked down, and John had a feeling this was the first time Sherlock had admitted it out loud. Sherlock had never wanted to believe that he was a captive of his human body’s needs or desires, and giving up the work was the ultimate sacrifice.
“Sherlock Holmes,” Sherlock reaches his arm across the aisle to shake Clara’s hand. He’s being uncharacteristically polite. It makes him wonder what Sherlock knows about Clara that he doesn’t.
After putting on his coat, Sherlock firmly grabs both of John’s shoulders and scans his face. Sherlock must not find anything alarming, because he says with confidence, “You’ll be fine. See you tomorrow, John.”
John took the bait. He couldn’t resist a drink offer, and Sherlock knew it. He felt a twinge of guilt hearing the pop of the bottle cap, but Sherlock needed him to be agreeable.
John smiled, his annoyance tamed at the old memory, from those special, charged days before the Fall. “Oh god, yeah. The tarot card reader. Not my finest moment.”
I can't believe we're almost at the end, here. One more chapter! Thanks to everyone who's come along for the ride ;) As always, you can find me on tumblr @disfictional.
She sounded genuinely remorseful, and Sherlock didn’t know how to respond. He was still angry, and an apology wouldn’t change the fact that he had become optimistic about John’s potential change of heart only to have that stripped away within minutes of arriving at the Crown hotel. Apologies held little weight without a change of circumstance.
She’d teetered on the edges of this for ages. Dad had always been unnecessarily elusive when it came to the topic of her mother, but she always assumed he was too emotionally stifled to talk about her.
He stood, hovering over John sitting on his chair. John looked up with tears in his eyes. Sherlock inhaled a shaky breath. “I love you far more than I knew was capable for one person to love another. I love you so much it’s brought me back to life on more than one occasion. My mind is absolutely consumed by thoughts of you. I have an entire Mind Palace dedicated solely to you. I love you so much I want you here always.”
Sherlock climbed over the seat in one smooth motion and wrapped his arm comfortingly around Xiaowen’s waist. He urged her into the aisle, where the line to the door was getting longer. “Excuse us, my wife needs to go to the hospital,” Sherlock repeated to each new person in line in his best Mandarin, with his most sincere apologetic face. They let the fake pregnant couple by without question.
“It was an old school friend of Harry’s. The one with the dark wavy hair and the cheekbones. Used to fancy you, actually.”
“Well, alright, but...you’re so effortless about it. A natural. I feel like I’m constantly looking at her, having to tell myself I have to be in ‘Dad mode’. You can just be
“Mm, John,” Sherlock encouraged, throwing his arms over his head and spreading his thighs invitingly. This man was a painting, spread out underneath him with curls splayed on the pillow and porcelain skin gleaming like a well-loved tea set against the crumpled sheets. After all these years, he could finally have this: Sherlock, no longer a background mural in his memory, but the featured piece in a permanent exhibit.
John rushed to label the top of the crossword A-U, and the sides 1-21. He checked the first pair, I21: H. The second, D5: E. A2: L. The kettle boiled. He ignored it.
If he was going to get through the weekend, he needed as little mention of Sherlock Holmes as possible.
They were riding the High Speed Rail train northbound to Taipei, John and Sherlock in one row, Xiaowen in the next up.
“Wish you were still in my dressing gown,” Sherlock growled, fiddling with the clasps. “Too many steps now.” He finally slid the belt through the loops and pulled down John’s pants and trousers in one go.
Rosie’s stomach dropped. It could’ve easily been her instead of Diana, yesterday. She clung tighter to Dad, who must’ve had the same thought, because he gave her a comforting squeeze.
Sherlock didn’t have to turn from the window to know that John was gaping. “Fate? Gosh, you’ve changed, then.”
In his state, he somehow managed to slip his own hand into John’s jeans (bought in 2010 after landing his job at Sarah’s surgery, his brain pinged), and wrap his fingers around John’s (perfect, extremely stiff, thick, leaking) cock. His fingers stilled for a moment, just absorbing the sensation of John against them. He thought he might ask John to take off his trousers, but that would mean taking his fingers off of John for a second. Unacceptable. He started stroking, rubbing his thumb over the head.
John finally turned to look directly at him, a softness there that hadn’t been there moments earlier.
Clara’s voice echoes down the hallway into Sherlock’s room. “Oi, are you boys talking about me in there? I’m waiting! I’ve brought croissants!”
,” he breathed. “You’re gorgeous, Sherlock. I love you, I love you so much. I’ve imagined this so many times, but,
John can feel Sherlock’s smile against his skin. “Oh, believe me, John, I want.” He emphasizes this with a well-aimed thrust.
Daddy rubbed his face like he did when he was thinking really hard about something and heaved a sigh. “You’re too smart for your own good, you know that?” he said, and the compliment made her feel warm. “But, sweetheart, it’s complicated. I had to sign a paper saying I would never talk about it.”
“John, she’s perfect.” The image of Sherlock crouching so deeply he was nearly sitting, fawning over his dog pulled at his chest. Was this what his life could have been? “You, on the other hand, could use a bit of grooming,” Sherlock noted, his eyes scanning up and down John’s body in his familiar way.
The grey beginnings of dawn were peeking through the windows of the flat, and Sherlock guessed it had to be just past 5. Sleep tugged at him, but he desperately needed a shower. On his way to the bathroom, his feet inexplicably pulled him to the kitchen table, and with a cursory glance over the mess that lay there, he remembered. He had received a letter the day prior, in the thick of the case, and hadn’t paid it any mind, tossing it haphazardly into the pile of used cups, petri dishes, and crime scene photographs that decorated the table. But something about the piece of mail must have tugged at the edges of his attention, because he felt drawn to it now. It was odd. No one sent physical letters for cases anymore, unless, perhaps, a criminal was trying to send him anthrax. Intrigued, he turned the thin, white envelope over in his hands.
John took his hand off Sherlock’s thigh as he made a sharp turn, giving his cognition time to partially recover.
what about a dirty needle somewhere in the last twenty years? Unlikely, knowing Sherlock’s fastidiousness, but not impossible. A sudden wave of dread gripped him; he should know these things- he
Sherlock huffed and stood to hold his full height over his older brother. Mycroft was referring to when Sherlock and John had tracked Mary to Morocco. But that wasn’t real; that had happened in John’s fabricated and TD-12-fueled version of events for the blog. The reality had proven to be much messier than the story released to the public, and it had left his relationship with John on the rocks, to say the least. He and Rosie still visited 221B twice a week, but it felt forced. Sherlock walked in quicksand around John: the faster he moved toward him, the faster he was pulled down and away.
There was one risky request still on his mind, and he couldn’t wait until morning to voice it. “Come back to Baker Street,” Sherlock spoke into the still air of John’s bedroom, lit only by the moon, now (John must have shut off the desk lamp during Sherlock’s post-orgasmic blackout). The stillness settled around them, nearly teetering into awkwardness before John acknowledged the words.
A spark of anger flashed on John’s face. “Will you tell me what happened? Everything, Sherlock. Not the watered-down version. I’m not a child.”
Sherlock’s hands came to his hips and the man just…stared. At John’s hard penis just inches from his face. A few moments too long. John could feel his cheeks reddening. “Uh, Sherlock? You okay?”
Sherlock closes his eyes, as if digging in his nightmares for a memory. They don’t talk about the time when he was dead. John assumes this is why- it couldn’t have been pleasant. Sherlock only ever refers to it as his “time away”.
Sherlock hated seeing John like this, and needed to steer the conversation back to tea. “So you got bored and started experimenting.”
He wanted John by his side, always. Had wanted that since the day he’d shot the cabbie for him. He wanted to sit on the sofa with him, pretending not to notice John’s fingers slowly inching their way into his curls. He wanted John back in 221B, breathing life back into the stale walls. He wanted to have a domestic then make up with an embrace, without worry that John would leave him. He wanted to be a part of Watson’s life. He wanted to wrap his arms around an apron-wearing John over a steaming pot of risotto and kiss until it burned. He wanted to replace his rendezvous with this pastiche Mind Palace puppet with the experience of the real thing. He wanted this like he’d never known want before.
That just left Sherlock and Xiaowen, whose eyebrows were nearly up to her fringe. “Well, uh. Seems like you two have some secrets.”
He hurriedly gets ready, quickly shaving, pulling on the same suit he wore for Rosie’s christening with a black tie, putting Rosie in a cute purple dress and a nappy, and gathering their things. She’s being surprisingly cooperative. John can only hope the rest of the day goes the same way.
They could improvise- he had oil in the kitchen, but that would damage a condom, and they hadn’t discussed their status- had Sherlock been sleeping with other people before he came here? Or-
Sherlock closed his eyes, imagining exactly what he wanted to do to John. What he wanted John to do to him. “I want to taste you,” he said, willing his taste buds to manufacture a replica of the sweet mix of John’s sweat and semen. He reached for John’s pants, gasping at the feel of the hard swell there. He was salivating.
John stood. “She was poisoned?” He had suspected some sort of toxin had been involved. But arsenic? That was malicious, foul play. And antiquated. It was like he was in the middle of a bloody 20th century play.
The trip existed in a purgatory between reality and fiction, where so much seemed to have happened, and yet nothing did. They returned to Baker Street and never discussed it again, aside from a snide remark about the waning quality of the croissants in London.
“Motivated by Mummy’s insistence, yes. She asked me to personally congratulate the happy couple on her behalf.” The man leaned on his umbrella, tipping his chin and smiling toothlessly. John had always found Sherlock’s parents rather endearing, and he was happy to hear Mummy Holmes was still alive and kicking. God, he and Sherlock had
in cutting someone out. Hate was simply love gone through a chemical change. The nonchalance in extending an invite for a casual visit was insulting.
John nodded. “We had a close relationship. Or at least, as much of a relationship as two officers can secretly have in the army. If you’re asking if we had sex- yes.”
“Sherlock,” John says, taking his arm off of Sherlock’s shoulders to cross it over the other across his chest. The man in question sighs.
Sherlock was so distracted by the relief in his feet that it took him a moment to realize that John was asking him about the case.
“Wouldn’t dare.” John leans over on the sofa to kiss Sherlock’s cheek, and he softens. “Glad we got that bit in there about the donations. Makes it worth it, in my eyes.”
“Sherlock.” The man turned at the sound of his name, but after sending away the driver with a quick wave, he was already busy petting Earl.
“But I think it’s important that you know, there has never been a time in my life that has not been made better by you.”
The night moved like a chorus into a bridge, flowing from one beating dance floor to the next hypnotically. Rosie finally spotted Stella at their last stop of the night, their friends who had been separated all night coming together at last. Rosie made a beeline for Stella, but she could sense something was off even from across the dance floor.
John shuddered. “You. I said I didn’t want you. And that I didn’t...love you.” Sherlock kissed him, trying to tell him in every nonverbal way that John had nothing to fear. He could say it. He should say it.
He was correct there. The two of them had a rather unsavory track record when it came to open, honest, vulnerable communication.
“I’m- I’m glad you came, John,” Sherlock said, meeting John’s eyes. In his memory, John’s eyes had been the kind of deep blue of the ocean in nature documentaries, shot from the perspective of a blue whale or seal or shark. But today, it was as if he was standing above the ocean, looking down on the crash of dark, foreboding waves swirling in John’s irises. He fractionally tightened his grip on John’s hand.
The Dom brought his hand down on Sherlock’s pristine arse with a forceful blow that made the sub cry out in shock. Still, he remembered what he had been told. “One, thank you, sir.” Before he could brace himself mentally for the next strike, John's hand came down again.
“Not a word, Sally. You don’t know what you’re talking about.” The DI was one of the few people who had actually been sat down and told about the Watson-Holmes family unit. It had taken him a few days to get his head around the concept, but once he had, he had been happy for the trio, especially Sherlock.
Sherlock pulled away, trying to reclaim a sense of calm. It eluded him. “I don’t know. I... I... I remember it all now.” He swallowed hard. “I don’t know what to do with it.”
Just then, Lestrade and his team burst onto the scene and took over, freeing John and Sherlock of their burden. The two men's eyes met and they burst into giggles. The chase may have been short, but it had been one of their more memorable ones. The chases that involved rooftops always were.
The doctor gave a curt nod, then left Ella's office, his mind turning over everything that had been said.
Both John and Greg were aware of how tightly the detective gripped the wooden chair arms, but they both chose not to say anything. Instead, the DI hefted a box off of the floor and dropped it onto his desk with a loud thunk. "I went through what we had and picked out the ones that looked interesting." Greg shook his head. "It's depressing just how many of these there are. Of course, most of them predate your involvement with the force."
“Stay awake, John. If I let you fall asleep, Mary will kill me.” He cringed at his wording. “Oops. Sorry.”
With a sigh, the detective stood up and shoved his still shaking hands into the pockets of his Belstaff. "No," he said almost absently. "We can take his car." He wanted to get back to Baker Street and lock them both inside where no one would intrude upon them, where it was safe.
Together, they entered the Yard, the detective taking the lead by necessity. He hadn’t complained even once about being forced to return the handcuffs or even about being forced to apologise. He seemed to still be riding on the high of having contracted with John.
Sherlock nodded, though he couldn’t stop his sobs. He should be over this by now. He didn’t understand why he wasn’t. He’d faced other potentially traumatic events in his life and had simply shrugged them off, barely pausing to notice. Now his mind was inventing new ways to torment him by creating assaults that had never even happened.
The government official sighed, then continued over to John's chair and sat. “You don’t need to do this,” he told his little brother.
“If you want me to continue, you’ll have to be my good boy. Can you do that?” John asked as he pressed the tip of one finger just inside Sherlock’s hole.
“Never again,” Sherlock promised, and he meant it. He gave John's hand a squeeze. “I am done with doing that.”
Sherlock swallowed thickly. "I don't think I can do that, not until I know for sure one way or the other."
“No, it’s not. What I said... I never... I know you would never hurt me like that.” His voice broke on the last word and he brought his hand up to cover his eyes. “You’re the only good thing I have right now and I said such a horrible thing, then you left and it was my fault so I did something so, so stupid. But please,” Sherlock’s hand shook where it covered his eyes, “please don’t go. I won’t do it again. I won’t.” He doubled over, his chest pressed to his knees as he began shaking with sobs.
That made sense, but John didn’t like it. He wondered why nothing could be easy. “Do you want my help?” the doctor asked hesitantly.
That's all the more reason for you to let me visit. Everything you did, you did for me. I see that now. You saved my life. You jumped off Bart's for me. You forgave Mary. You planned my wedding. You killed Magnusson. You planned to go willingly into exile. You tried to keep us all safe when Mary's past caught up to her. You went to Hell to save me from myself. None of that will matter if you throw what we have away.
“Oh, but John,” Sherlock exclaimed, “there is a theft occurring, and it’s subtle. Subtle and cunning. Whoever is behind this is clever.”
“I like him.” Greg climbed into Mycroft’s lap. “He got Sherlock to apologise and give my handcuffs back. I never thought anyone could manage that. And the look John had on his face was soppy. He was so proud of him.”
Judging that Sherlock had had all that he could safely take, the Dom tossed the pinwheel on the bedside table. He picked up a couple of clover clamps and held them in his right hand. With his left hand, he grasped his boy’s cock and gave it a couple of strokes. The resulting sounds were broken and needy.
"John, take some time. Breathe." Ella watched him as he visibly calmed himself down. "First of all, you're angry. It's completely alright and normal for you to be angry."
The only bright spot is Rosie. You should see her, Sherlock. She is so smart. I imagine she is much like you were as a child. I can already see is going to be a difficult to keep her mentally challenged. You would do so much better than I am. I have included some photos. Look how much she has changed since you saw her last. Let me to bring her by to see you. I hate that she is growing up without you.
Sherlock, still chewing his lip, turned his gaze back to John. "And you, John. You don't think you'll suddenly be jealous at a later date? You won't hold this against me?"
John went to put on tea and saw that his friend hadn't eaten the breakfast he'd fixed for him. He didn't say anything, just cleared it away, put on the kettle and set about making Sherlock a sandwich. It was long past the point that physical complications would be making it difficult for the detective to eat. Now it was down to old habits and, John was afraid, new mental scars. When everything was ready, he carried the tea and sandwich and placed it on the coffee table in front of Sherlock. "Eat. Doctor's orders."
“What you did at MatchDs, tell me more about myself,” John challenged. He wanted to see just how good the self proclaimed consulting detective was.
The sub nodded. “Yes, sir.” In fact, it was more than okay. Sherlock could feel his cock getting impossibly hard and his balls ached. He spread his legs a bit more, enjoying the novel sensation of such intense arousal.
The sub’s back arched and he cried out as he came over John’s hand in great spurts. The Dom stroked Sherlock through his orgasm, uttering praise as he did so. “Amazing. Gorgeous. Jesus, but you're beautiful like this.”
The detective licked his lips. “If I may, sir, I have a pair of handcuffs in my coat. I nicked them off Lestrade.”
“He's in hospital getting patched up. He was shot, remember?” It was a legitimate question. Sub-Shock tended to cause retrograde amnesia. “Mycroft sent word. John is going to be alright.”
"Then we call first thing in the morning and set things in motion," John said. He kissed Sherlock on the lips. "Until then, do try not to worry."
John and Sherlock were in the waiting room at the psychiatrist’s office. Yesterday had been a nightmare and the doctor had stayed close in case he was needed. Last night had been even worse and they both looked it.
“Sherlock…” John began, but stopped at the glare his friend gave him. His left hand closed into a fist, but he gave no other sign of his increasing frustration.
Sherlock nodded. He let go of John’s legs, then crawled after him as he went to the sofa. The moment the Dom sat down, Sherlock placed his head in John’s lap. He breathed in deeply, savouring the scent of the older man. It made him feel less off balance and less in need of a hit (the only thing that had ever helped him before when he had felt so muddled).
The doctor looked into his boy's eyes. “If you come without permission, this will go right back on for a week.”
On the way back to Baker Street from Ella's, John stopped in a small coffee shop to try and get his head around what they had discussed. She had offered to continue seeing him if that was what he wanted, but had suggested she refer him to a therapist that had more experienced treating rape trauma. He had accepted, hoping that he could learn more that might allow him to help Sherlock.
"I don't 'put up with you.' You're not something or someone to be put up with. You're my best friend. You're my whatever you want to call us, boyfriends, partners. I'm not going to give up on you because you have a bad moment or two." John nudged Sherlock's shoe back with his own. He longed to move closer and hug him tight, but was fairly certain it wouldn't be welcome.
You are my the very rhythm of my being, my pulse, my breath. You are the light in my eyes, my spark of life. You are my reason for being.
John walked over and tugged on the detective's arm until Sherlock relented and let the doctor hold his hand. "I said I'm fine," Sherlock insisted, slightly annoyed. He didn't want to talk about what was bothering him, not yet. Besides, it might not even be an issue... then again it might. Why couldn't he just forget about it like the thought had never occurred to him?!
“Good,” Mary replied. “Send me the CCTV footage of the abduction, then find out who sent that email.”
"I knew you planned on being there on my behalf, but I never dreamt..." the detective hugged John to him so tightly that the doctor's ribs creaked.
Swinging his legs around, the detective grasped John and held on tight. He was shaking uncontrollably.
myself for it. I treated you like no human being should ever--” he turned away sharply, feeling the tears start to burn. With the smallest of movements, Sherlock turned his palm upwards to wrap around John’s and squeezed, as if to say
She pulled into the pickup lane at the nondescript government building that was the Isle of Man Airport and spotted that small, select group. Her heart leapt. Stella, in her chic black coat and designer suitcase, looked like something of a security agent next to Rosie’s two best friends from London, Elaine and Yasmin. Rosie had attended fine arts boarding school in the English countryside with them, and in a particularly memorable fifth year, they had roomed together in a triple. Now, Elaine was an actress in small independent films (“For now,” she liked to promise), and Yasmin was a talented sculptor. To Rosie’s horror, the two of them were wearing matching t-shirts with her face on them- definitely DIY jobs.
The two of them circled each other for the remainder of the proceedings, never quite letting the other out of earshot.
John tensed. This case was a sensitive area- the TD-12 had apparently fixated on this memory. Sherlock intervened, “Did you really? Shame. You could have saved me the effort.”
Sherlock considered. He pulled on John’s hips, pulling them even closer to his own. John could feel Sherlock’s hardness under his jeans. “Fuck me.”
Dad waved away her thanks. “I cocked up my own wedding by letting my best man do all the work, so it’s only fair I pay it forward now.”
He gently pulled out, sensitive of the fact that Sherlock hadn’t come yet. Sherlock kissed him, still in the throes of arousal. “Touch me, John.” And John did, using quick, efficient strokes.
, Sherlock.” John realized he was speaking far too loudly for breakfast conversation. With effort, he lowered his voice to a forced whisper. “Did you know, then? That you- that I- that
When they stepped inside, Rosie was struck by the decor. She’d seen it on video calls, but the small window of Whatsapp was nowhere near to recreating the total immersive experience of 221B. Two chairs sat in front of the roaring fireplace, so perfectly representative of Dad and Sherlock. Odds and sods littered the place, from a bug collection to three different maps of London pinned to the wall. She recognized a few furniture pieces and blankets from their Manx house Dad must have shipped over- it was only a matter of time before he sold the place. Stella was smiling at a kitschy yellow spraypaint smiley face. “Dad, this place is so...eclectic.”
Stella’s eyes widened. Rosie reached for her, but Mrs. Liu held Stella back from Sherlock like his announcement was equivalent to attempted murder.
Sherlock was drowning in sensation. That sound John just made was a thousand symphonies, the caress of John’s hand undoing the last button on his shirt and urging the garment off of him better than the feeling of a newly stringed violin bow across Stradivarius strings.
“Is it?” John risked stretching his foot to touch the side of Sherlock’s, pushing lightly. Sherlock’s tea-stained lips parted, and John smiled. Sherlock didn’t move his foot away. “People have been trying to set me up with Jacqueline since I moved here, but we’ve never even been
“Not until morning. Shame,” he said, not bothering to look up. He was scanning the scheduling table for relevant names and times when Connor pulled out a suggestive
“That’s kind of her, ta.” As off-putting as his new brother-in-law was, he’d made the effort of coming here. Of bringing Molly, the one person who secretly mattered to Sherlock enough that he’d bemoan her absence from this momentous occasion. John and Mycroft were family- a disconcerting thought. He had thought him a merciless stalker villain, once, and now he was inviting him to social events. “Would you like to join our brunch?”
Sherlock had been so confident downstairs, but some of that turned into palpable nervousness when they entered his bedroom. “It’s okay,” John assured, and kissed him gently. “We can do whatever you’re comfortable with. It’s just me, Sherlock.”
Clara shifts in her seat. She clears her throat. “That’s actually...kind of what I came here to talk to you about.”
“Okay,” she breathed, pushing down a range of unpleasant reactions. “Edward Shih wasn’t the target. What now?”
John had made it two hours in a business class cabin on a direct flight to Taipei before ordering a drink.
John’s heart bursts. It’s the first time Rosie has ever said those words. They were so effortless. So simple and true. John can tell Sherlock is moved by it, too. He blinks a few times, looks back at John, smiling earnestly, and turns back to Rosie.
“Oh! Of course, right,” she said, eyes glancing to the sky, searching for a memory that wouldn’t come. “Dad told me about Mrs. Hudson. I wish I remembered her.” Another tug. “I guess it’s just strange to picture my dad off on adventures without me. It’s always been him and me.”
Rosie had had enough. She’d asked at least fifteen questions about the circumstances surrounding her mum’s death in her nine years of life, and Daddy always skirted around the truth, or gave a terribly evasive answer like, “I’ll tell you when you’re older.” She was nine, now, and she’d decided that she deserved to know how her mum died.
John blushes, but looking at the mad, glorious, man who somehow loves him, he can’t deny it. “Fair enough.”
“Just for tonight.” Sherlock perks up, unceremoniously climbing off of John's lap and smoothing his pajamas as if they hadn’t just been snogging. “I do hope you intend to fuck me senseless once we’re rested. You have a magnificent cock, and I’ve already enumerated thirty six ways I’d like to use it.”
John’s hand said. He was starting to appreciate this unspoken language of sex- it was like an entire untapped form of communication and connection between him and John.
Sherlock reached for the handle, his legs still tied, and swung open the door. “Not quite,” he clarified, and he realized for the first time since he’d woken that his throat was unbelievably dry. The words came out high and scratchy, but it got the room’s attention.
The walk to Baker Street is tense. John’s keyed up. His body feels like he’s just finished a case, his whole being a molotov cocktail of emotion. He’s volatile, and he knows it. He wants to punch Harry. He wants to hug Clara. He wants to drown himself in whiskey. He wants to kiss Sherlock.
Xiaowen set the cup in front of him. It looked like any other cup of oolong tea, light golden. Sherlock brought the cup to his lips.
She reached her arms out, and Sherlock reluctantly stepped into them, keeping his arms still at his sides. As he did so, she went up on her tiptoes to whisper in Chinese:
The lift fell into silence, but the buzz of curiosity radiating from Rosie’s friends was palpable. He stared at the multi-mirrored ceiling, into dozens of his own eyes staring back at him.
A flash of disappointment crossed Sherlock’s face before it turned to determination. He leaned forward, hands clasped underneath his chin. “I’ve already taken care of childcare. She’ll stay with Harry and Clara. It’ll only be a week. A week and a half at most. We leave tomorrow.”
“It worked, did it not?” Mycroft half-smiled to himself, and Sherlock fought the urge to shake him. “Pack your bags for Taiwan,” his tone was firm. “This was part of the Magnussen deal upon your return- you explicitly agreed to take some MI6 work in exchange for your exoneration.”
“John, I’m sorry, I-” he didn’t have the vocabulary, the schema for this conversation. “I don’t know how-”
but after a considerate bite of minced lamb, a tour actually sounded pleasant. With Watson as his tour guide giving him the tools to create a sensory map of the Isle of Man, he could piece together a more accurate portrayal of John’s life in the last twenty years. Data collection.
John hums. “Maybe a bit of that, too. I have another one for you: turn around.” Sherlock rushes to adjust himself so he’s on his stomach.
So, the morning after her ninth birthday party, she marched down to Daddy’s office and demanded an explanation.
Stella and Rosie’s friends had separated the two of them, taking Stella god-knows-where and Rosie to a local gay bar. Quite a few more drinks in, Rosie found herself at the center of the dance floor, belting to one of her own singles blasting from the DJ table (undoubtedly requested by one of her friends).
On the sixth, however, John can’t resist. “You’re not as subtle as you think you are, Sherlock. I’m fine, you know.”
John let go of Sherlock to place a small piece of gauze over the cut. Sherlock instantly missed John’s fingers in his hair, and he couldn’t repeat what John had said, couldn’t materialize his greatest miscalculation.
“You’re so brilliant, gorgeous, talented, lovely. Sherlock, I am the luckiest man alive to be able to fuck you like this.”
“What if what, John?” Sherlock’s eyes pleaded with him, and in that moment, John knew they wanted the same thing. Maybe Sherlock didn’t know how to say it with words, but he had already said it today with a silver dog bowl, hands through hair, hand-picked soaps, and rosemary bread.
“Listen to me, John Watson. I never want to see you again,” Sherlock bit through clenched teeth, and John’s body went totally still under him.
“I’ll get dressed properly, then let’s go.” John looked up to see Sherlock smiling goofily down at him. John kissed him because he could, grabbed his clothes bag, and paused by the stairs. “I love you, Sherlock.” He couldn’t stop saying it.
It wasn’t so much that John froze, but that his surroundings stopped their momentum in time. It was as if a foreign object had slipped through a wormhole, skewing John’s timeline, forcing the continuation of this dimension to hinge on the object’s very existence.
“In the office, I said I didn’t...” John’s hands fiddled in his lap. He nervously looked down at them. “Shit, this is harder than I thought.”
He nodded, chin pointing toward the door. They stepped out of the car together, and all heads turned to look. She might have noticed on the periphery of her attention that Elaine’s cheeks were already stained with tears, Aunt Harry was snapping photo after photo, and Dad was stiff as a soldier, but her eyes were fixed on Stella.
John gasped at the sight of him. Gone was the frazzled, chaotic, high-strung energy of the high Sherlock he had known five years ago. He looked
out loud was liberating. He’d be casually slipping that one into conversation for the foreseeable future. He slid his hand down Sherlock’s neck, to his shoulder, to his forearm, resting it comfortably on the soft fabric there. Sherlock eyed it hesitantly. “‘Course I want to shag your bloody brains out, but I don’t want you to feel like I need that to be happy with you. I just- I just want to be around you, always.”
“It’s so good, Sherlock. God, it’s amazing. Incredible. But I don’t wanna come like this. I want this to last longer.” John ran his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, and the man leaned into his touch. Sherlock nodded, tugging John’s pants up as best as he could, leaving the trousers around John’s ankles, wiping his lips with his index finger and popping it into his mouth.
“I’m investigating a murder,” Sherlock said, that familiar condescension grating on John’s patience.
“You cook now, too?” John asked playfully, walking into the kitchen area and leaning against the granite-topped island. Sherlock’s eyes scanned his body, and John tightened the belt on Sherlock’s too-large dressing gown. He had cursed himself getting out of the bath for forgetting to bring his bag of extra clothes into the bathroom, but after putting on Sherlock’s luxurious dressing gown over his undershirt and pants, John was grateful for the soft fabric. Sherlock had offered it to him, after all. Earl rushed to greet her freshly-bathed human, sniffing curiously at John’s use of different soap.
Sherlock huffs. “Of course she’s sure, John. Let’s go.” Sherlock pulls on the sleeve of John’s blue blazer as he takes his coat off the rack. John follows on autopilot, swept up in the day’s chaotic turn of events. At the door, Sherlock turns and yells to the small group in the sitting room, “Thanks for coming everyone, now please leave!”
intruders) while Sherlock surveyed the room. He imagined Iris sitting in her desk chair and placed himself in that spot to inhabit her headspace. If the tea was in this room, it would be kept at her desk for immediate access, not hidden within a filing cabinet. She kept personal items (a photo of her corgi- admittedly adorable, a small recreation of the carved olive-stone boat famously on display in the museum, and a Chinese antiquities calendar) on the right side of her desk. The truth tea, if she indeed possessed it, was sentimental. Amy would have told her about it. She clearly had serious intentions with her, and the tea would be attached to the idea of her. So, it was on the right side of the desk. He rifled through a few drawers of the wooden desk until he reached the bottom third drawer, where he found a locked compartment underneath some papers. This was it.
” The way Sherlock said his brother’s name had always held unparalleled disdain- it was quite impressive, really. “What the hell are you doing here?”
John slid his fingers out and took off his pants. Sherlock was so hard, it was quite distracting, but he was still thinking enough to ask, “Condom?”
John strokes, hard and fast, exactly how he needs this. John’s panting into Sherlock’s neck. “Harder, John.” John growls, biting and sucking at the skin there. He has an instinctual urge to mark him. “
Sherlock’s room in the cottage looked shockingly like his room in 221B: same periodic table poster, same dresser, same simplicity. John felt like he had been transported back in time. The only things that were different were the bed frame, one black-and-white wallpapered wall covered in small designs of atomic structures, and the luxe shag carpet on top of old hardwood floors. And when John dug his toes into the carpet as he unbuttoned Sherlock’s jeans, he was thankful for the addition.
“Got anything in?” he called, already rifling through the cabinets searching for any edible substances. He wiped his hair with a tea towel and tossed it unceremoniously in the sink.
“Oh, you’re just showing off now. You haven’t even seen her yet.” John stretches and hangs his feet over the side of the bed, realizing the only clothing he has in this room is his suit. Sherlock jumps up off the bed and fetches a dressing gown from his dresser. John can’t stop staring at his arse in those tight black pants. Are they Calvin Klein?
three times, and John nodded helplessly. His husband was indisputably a scheming, manipulative git, but god help him, he was criminally good with his hands, and John was indisputably besotted.
“Sherlock, stop,” John commanded in the best Captain Watson voice he could muster in his distracted state. Sherlock did, and John, still leaning heavily into him, steadied himself a bit and looked Sherlock straight on. “What do you mean you’re an experiment for me?”
A cocktail of emotion churned in his stomach, threatening to spill. Why the hell was Sherlock here? He had no business showing up like this, the day before Rosie’s
Sherlock slides his bum up to encourage the movement. “Can I touch you?” John asks with a kiss to the angle where Sherlock’s neck meets his shoulder.
After a delectable maple salmon and asparagus course, the party had indulged in rich dark chocolate and raspberry mousse. With stomachs full, the drink servers were busy delivering wine and cocktails to the guests. The caterer had gifted Stella and Rosie a newlywed bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon, but Rosie despised the bitterness of red wine. Stella’s cheeks shone bright red after only a few sips even under the posh restaurant’s low mood lighting.
He couldn’t see Sherlock’s face, but he knew he was smiling. John pulled out as carefully as he could, rushing to the loo to grab a flannel. He soaked it with hot water, and back in the bedroom, he took time to clean both himself and Sherlock, basking in its warmth.
If only he could vaporize. Watson must have read about his mind palace in this journal of John’s (admittedly, he was more than a little interested in finding and reading it himself). He didn’t like the current imbalance— Watson had already read a manual on how to interact with Sherlock, and comparably, he knew so little about her. Well, little by his own standards.
The tall actress friend rubbed Watson’s shoulder in a comforting gesture. “He’s right, Rose. It’s been the longest day, like, ever. You need to sleep.”
While John Facetimed with Harry, Clara, and Rosie, Sherlock rifled through his suitcase for the pyjamas he’d packed. He brought them into the bathroom along with a towel and  some toiletries, and shut the door. He studied himself in the mirror, and was taken back by the disheveled man he saw there. The last 24 hours of travel had taken a toll on his appearance, and he desperately needed a shower. He looked much older than the arrogant young man who had met John at Bart’s nearly a decade ago, now. He felt older, too.
Xiaowen opened her mouth to protest, but Sherlock wouldn’t let her. “Now,” he hushed, and she rolled her eyes, but stuffed the clothing inside her green jumper and held her hands over her stomach.
With some effort, John stood from the chair. “Get up,” he ordered. Sherlock’s eyes darkened as he stood. John took his hand and led him toward the stairs, but before they could get up the first step, they were kissing messily against the wall, Sherlock pressing into John, working steadily on finishing with the buttons on John’s shirt.
Sherlock was breathing heavily. “And only if you want this, John, then I’d like you to push into me,” Sherlock’s voice lowered to a whisper, “fill me up.”
Sherlock opened his mouth and closed it again. He awkwardly cleared his throat. “I’m glad you feel that way, John.”
. “Agh, Mycroft! He can’t resist meddling. I’m sorry for the trauma meeting my brother may have caused you. What the
John took a seat at the island, piling a large scoop of melted brie onto a biscuit, digesting this. It wasn’t John’s place anymore to pry, but he had to know about the drugs before he was pulled any further back into Sherlock’s orbit. “You’re clean, then?”
Scrambling, John reached for the nightstand, only to pull out an entirely empty, ancient bottle. He had to physically stop himself from throwing it across the room.
John was dancing. In public. With Sherlock. At their wedding. It was all a bit unbelievable, to be honest.
John let out a breath of laughter, pulling Sherlock in front of him to wrap his sturdy arms around his midsection from behind as if Sherlock was a giant cuddly toy. Sherlock sank into the embrace as John’s head came to rest on the side of his shoulder (he wasn’t quite tall enough to place his chin atop it) and he had to hold back a sigh of contentment. If he could secure John’s arms around him indefinitely, that would be ideal. “Don’t like goodbyes.” Sherlock felt John’s nose scrunch against his jacket sleeve, and he wished he’d seen it instead. Nix the arm securement plan. “I’ll see most of them tomorrow at brunch, anyway.”
“Why waste a good wedding?” John threw his hands up, and the reactions from the audience ranged from brassed off to shocked to confused to pleased.
“Sherlock Holmes? Dr. Watson?” a woman’s voice with a vague American accent came from behind them. It was Xiaowen.
Sherlock swallowed. He was still getting used to speaking to this post-John Watson Question John. “Late Christmas gift, perhaps.” Sherlock stiffly handed John his key.
John made eye contact with Sherlock as he brought the cup to his lips. After his first sip, John licked the condensation from his lips and answered, “Yes.”
“I don’t know where she is,” John’s voice felt distant. Who was “she”? Focus! He could wallow about John when he was out of the closet.
The story tears at John’s chest. Even then, Sherlock knew. They had wasted so much time. “Did you...enjoy it? Sex, I mean?”
The A&E staff member he spoke with on the phone didn’t give many details, so John can only speculate as to how- or why- the accident happened. He feels a hand on his lower back, both grounding and tentative in a way that can only be Sherlock’s. In the last couple of months, he’s become used to Sherlock’s small, reassuring touches. A brush of fingers when giving John a cup of tea. The briefest of shoulder rubs when Sherlock deduces John’s had a rough night with Rosie, or a particularly challenging therapy session. Fingers mussing John’s hair when he’s made a rude comment about Mycroft. A short hug nearly every time John leaves Baker Street. The two of them are on their way to being more comfortable with each other than they have been in years, and John is grateful for it.
Sherlock sees all of it. “I know, John. But you already are.” They kiss again, languid tongues and gentle, rhythmic rocking of hips.
Stella’s eyes widened, and she nervously brushed the fringe of her cropped, jet black hair back, making it look distractingly tousled.
Sherlock. I still can’t believe it.” John’s breath floated over Sherlock’s cheek like a summer evening breeze.
Earl barked from the kitchen. She was hungry, and she would start knocking over furniture soon if she didn’t get her breakfast. Three years earlier, in a moment of weakness, he had adopted the sweetest English springer spaniel in all of the UK and named her Earl, after his favorite kind of tea, of course. The animal shelter had informed him that she had undergone severe neglect and physical trauma with her previous owners, and together, they helped each other heal. Having to care for another living being had given him a purpose after everything in his life disintegrated. He loved her as much as he imagined he would have loved the daughter he once thought was real.
He was hard. His own fingers loomed dangerously close to his erection, having followed the path he had imagined John’s would take. He didn’t particularly like the idea of masturbating a few metres away from John separated only by a thin door. But, it seemed, his penis did.
John didn’t need to drink the truth tea for Sherlock to know it was true. The sincerity radiated from him, and Sherlock had to wonder how he’d ever been unsure about the John Watson Question when now, it was so glaringly obvious. He melted into John, the words shifting his brain chemistry so that all he could think was
At any rate, he’s happy Clara is the one being coddled. He doesn’t want that kind of attention. Not for a third funeral.
I want that, too,” Stella whispered into her lips. She pulled back, her entire face lit with the exhilaration of knowing, and being known. “Let’s just be together, learn about each other. There’s so much we both don’t know yet.”
Sherlock motioned for Xiaowen to take the mobile and bring the scissors, and she strode across the room to kneel next to him.
“So, in fact, you. Love me,” Sherlock states. The pure factuality of it pulls John from descending into a whirlpool of self-hatred. Warmth pools in his stomach.
Two of Mycroft’s people entered, and Sherlock compared them against the pictures Mycroft had texted as confirmation. One of them ordered Sherlock, John, and Xiaowen to leave, and Sherlock was grateful John couldn’t understand Chinese. He never did well with bureaucratic authority.
“Oh god, Sherlock, I’m gonna come.” John’s orgasm hit him hard, and he pumped into Sherlock a delicious, blissful couple of times before slumping against him, totally spent.
were the one who walked out on the possibility of our life together? You took Watson, moved out here, to the middle of nowhere. You fled all of England to escape me.”
The afternoon was filled with Earl’s walk, on which Sherlock enumerated a grand total of six thriving beehives and five poisonous plant varieties. When they returned, Sherlock started a fire and poured a glass of wine for each of them. They sipped and watched the fire on the matching brown leather recliners as Earl kipped.
hanging between them. He could take John to his hotel room (the one he hadn’t canceled after the first night, as he had so pompously declared he would to Watson upon arrival) and have him in bed before the band started playing a ghastly version of the Nat King Cole song that spells out the letters of l-o-v-e. Sherlock would be licking John’s neck by L, opening his mouth for him by O, getting him vocal by V, and wrapping a hand around his erection by E. But was that really how he wanted John on their wedding night?
It sobers him. “God, yeah.” John doesn’t quite know what to say. He hasn’t seen this woman in years. He thought Clara had been cut completely out of the picture long ago. This casual version of the high-strung woman he used to know is practically a stranger. “Not that I’m not happy to see you, but...why are you here?”
After stumbling to the cupboard, John realized he was out of his regular brew. All that was left was the instant brand he only kept on hand in case of emergency. He pinched the bridge of his nose, leaned against the cupboard, and took a deep breath. Instant it was, then. Resigned, he started the kettle and pulled out a mug. As he scooped out a bit of the chalky stuff, his eyes kept coming back to the label. An image of a knight chess piece plastered the front of the container. John thought of the code- D5, A2... like squares on a chess board. Like squares in a crossword puzzle.
“God, it’s like nothing’s changed,” said a familiar voice, the one belonging to the hand on his shoulder.
When he burst into John’s hand in a series of hot spurts, coating John’s hand and his own chest, John groaned and fell into Sherlock’s lips, licking inside desperately.
“I didn’t think you would ever love me,” John confessed, and it was so open and human it nearly broke him.
Understanding flashed in John’s eyes, and Sherlock pulled John into himself, gripping him by the waist. John’s understanding morphed into want as he sunk into Sherlock, and the two of them crashed their mouths together like they hadn’t been able to do all evening.
“Hello, Watson. Stella,” Sherlock greeted with a hint of a smirk, probably seeing her deduce in real time exactly what he'd just been up to. “Welcome home.”
John made his way to the edge of the wall separating the lobby from the bar and steeled himself for whatever madness he was going to see on the other side.
Late evening was fading into dawn, and Sherlock let the post-coital wave of sleep tug at his limbs. John turned, pressing his back against Sherlock’s chest, wordlessly encouraging Sherlock to wrap his arms around him. Their breathing came to a point of synchronization before he closed his eyes, sighing in contentment.
At that, John laughs, a full, belly-laugh, and it feels so good. That story was Harry all over. She was such a damn loveable troublemaker. Beside him, Sherlock smiles and nudges John with his shoulder. “You’re next, John.”
,” Sherlock pleaded, turning his head as far around as it could go, his eyes echoing the statement, blown fully dark. That look did it for him.
through friends. Hinge). She had seen John from across the pub and urged Daniel that they go somewhere else, blaming the weak drinks. John, apparently, hadn’t caught sight of her. Seeing John Watson in a London bar had not shocked her; Molly knew John liked a drink. Rather, it was who he was sitting with that had caused her to stare.
- my mind,” he choked out, finding speech more difficult with John’s lips pressed into the rather sensitive spot where his shoulder met his neck.
He chewed on his thumbnail as he studied the man in front of him. “In the nature of full disclosure. Yes.”
“I feel like a bloody teenager again. When you walk in the room, all I can think about is how to get your clothes off.”
John moves his fist over himself faster, but not enough that he’d be able to come from this. “Take them off and get over here.”
Now, John was wrapped around him in the lobby having a mindless conversation with his daughter when he could be doing much more than just admiring his husband’s sweet arse. John’s fingers on his stomach only served to remind him of where else those fingers could be sliding over skin, and Sherlock was getting impatient.
Sherlock is affronted. “Please do me a favor, John, and never say those words in my presence again.” John musses his hair even further, calming him.
When the train doors finally opened, the three of them sprinted out into the crowded station and up the left side of the escalator.
“Yesterday, this woman,” Sherlock pointed to a squeamish Jacqueline, “attempted to murder this woman,” he gestured to Stella, “unsuccessfully.”
John emerged 45 minutes later to an elaborate spread of cheese, meats, savoury biscuits, and fruits placed elegantly on a wooden slab.
A few blocks later they arrive at Baker Street. Rosie is sound asleep, clutching her hedgehog. She looks peaceful, which is so far beyond John’s current state of being that he can’t comprehend it.
“I wish…” John sighed, continuing with the buttons, not meeting Sherlock’s eyes. “I wish I had been strong enough to stay to change your mind, back then. I feel like I’ve missed out on so many years of this. Of you.” He looked up. “Of loving you properly.” He pulled the unbuttoned shirt over Sherlock’s shoulders, and he shrugged out of it, unable to break eye contact.
and John gives him a playful slap on the bum before opening the door and walking out into the sunny flat.
“Thanks, for all this,” John says, gesturing to the display. Sherlock tucks Rosie into her chair and begins to feed her pieces of chicken as if they’re bees flying into her mouth, complete with sound effects. It’s adorable, almost unbearably so.
Sherlock,” The combined sensations of the tightness around his cock, Sherlock breathy pants, and Sherlock’s hands running all over his body gave him a rush. “You’re perfect, love.” He experimentally moved his hips, rocking further into Sherlock.
John stood at the flower-lined path (undoubtedly Watson’s doing- John killed every plant he’d ever tried to foster) leading to the front door, tipping his chin expectantly, but Sherlock was inconveniently frozen. He leaned on the car door for support, paralyzed by the gravity of the moment. This wasn’t some one-off chance. This encounter was going to set the stage for the rest of their lives. There was no stepping back from this once he crossed the threshold.
He was not giving her anything to work with! “What about you? Are you dating?” John stiffened. “Not that I’m interested! I mean, I’m interested, but not like, well, you know.”
“Rugby players often have unresolved anger issues. Aggravated temperaments. Perhaps one of your teammates is our poisoner.” Sherlock smiled fakely. John tensed. “You have an awful habit of finding and associating with the most dangerous people in any room.”
Clara properly scolds John for dipping out of the reception, but assures she won’t hold a grudge. She asks him how he’s holding up, and it’s hard to say- he’s over the moon about finally moving things forward with Sherlock, but his sister’s still dead, and his fingers still itch for a drink every time he thinks about it. He could be better.
The elevator ride up to the fifth floor was tense. Even while avoiding looking at John, he could tell he had something he couldn’t decide how to say. Sherlock planned to curb any sort of further explanation or pity- it would only be embarrassing for both of them.
He let out a huff. So impractical. “Not to worry, that’s not on the agenda for tonight. Or any night.”
“Oh, and John Watson, too.” The woman stiffened, straightening her posture, focusing her attention on John. “Particularly enjoyed the Culverton case. I always knew he was rotten.”
They were flying with a relatively new airline offering the first direct route from LHR-TPE, Jinmen Airways, and the flight crew was eager to impress.
Sherlock scrunches his nose in distaste. “What an awful, clickbait headline. Makes it seem like I was the one who died.”
It’s likely Sherlock had already deduced the entirety of his sexual history of the last twenty years, however limited. John was clean, as of nearly two years ago after a tepid one night stand with a stranger at a medical conference. “Clean, yeah.”
He desperately hopes he hasn’t ruined everything. They’d come so far before John had to go and shout his love from a podium and basically try to fuck Sherlock like a horny teenager (he certainly came like one).
John contemplated this worriedly around the piece of bacon. This conversation was bringing some unwanted memories of his own sham wedding back to the surface.
Sherlock also showed love through acts of service, but he certainly appreciated words of affirmation- words of affirmation that the tea would undoubtedly coax from John’s lips.
have noticed- John must have grabbed it while Sherlock was using the loo. It was a case. A navy blue, velvet case. A very specific kind of case, and not the kind Sherlock was used to.
“This breakfast is shit,” John said bluntly. “And Mr. Let Me Know If I Can Help You With Anything gave me oolong tea, not black. This is a flight from London- he should know better.”
“221A.” It was perfect. Mrs. Hudson had left him the property ten years ago, and he hadn’t managed (or rather, hadn’t wanted) to rent out the place since. Stella worked in London, and Watson was based there with her music- it only made sense. And John would inevitably realize he was being an idiot about staying on Isle of Man in any long-term capacity when he could be on Baker Street with Watson and Holmes.
John filled the bowl, placed it in front of Earl, and sat down in the loveseat as she ate. Sherlock soon brought out the tea and sat across from him in the matching chair. It felt so strangely like old times. The last time John had sat across from Sherlock like this, he was monitoring Sherlock so he wouldn’t start using again. Now, John was the one who was shaking and feverish, as if he were the one with withdrawal.
“It’s a bit awkward, but he told me about Harry’s assets.” John perks up. He always knew Harry was financially comfortable- she was a lawyer, after all- but if Mycroft was getting involved, there has to be a feature of interest. It
again!” Rosie shouted abuse at the mirror, staring wide-eyed into the reflection of her and John. Rosie looked so much like him when she was angry. When she smiled and laughed, it was as if Mary was pulling her lips. But right now, Rosie was livid, and she was very much his own daughter.
Sherlock gave her a kiss on the cheek, emboldened by John’s public display of physical affection. “Enjoy your new lab. By all means, please order some expensive, ridiculous piece of equipment on my behalf as a middle finger to my big brother.”
“And here you are,” Sherlock chuckled, that deep, throaty chuckle that made John ache for him. “You have far too many clothes on, John.”
John pushes Sherlock off of him and wordlessly walks into the church and down to the second row, where Mrs. Hudson is sitting with Rosie and the pram. John tries not to make a fuss with Rosie as he straps her in, unsuccessfully. After his outburst just minutes earlier, the funeral attendees seem to find John a more interesting spectacle than the pastor. When Rosie starts chanting “Bwack bwack bwack”, she gives them all the more excuse to stare. Mrs. Hudson shoots them all dirty looks. Clara even mouths across the aisle to him, “You okay?”
Stella looked outside the car window at the passing green, sheep-covered landscape that faded into the dark blue of the ocean. “I trust Holmes, don’t you?” Rosie hummed, a low, resigned sound. “I can’t hide out forever.”
knew- he couldn’t stay. John felt responsible, like somehow, he’d injected the drugs into Sherlock himself. He’d put Sherlock to bed, went upstairs, and made this journal in an absolutely manic state. He remembered an old army mate of his who had moved to the Isle after being discharged, and John googled
Rosie sighed, stroking her thumb over Stella’s hand and gripping the steering wheel tighter. “I suppose you’re right.”
“Hey,” John’s other hand pulled Sherlock’s cheek to face him, and he looked fragile, vulnerable. “I know that I don’t want to be apart from you ever again. I mean, I
After a bit of heated snogging, John takes Rosie back to the flat he’s renting (not “home” anymore, but was it ever?) to shower, give Rosie a bath, make lunch, and gather some clothes and more of Rosie’s things, toys, and books to take back to 221B.
“I don’t know. He says he does, but I don’t think I’m much help to him. I think maybe, I used to be. But now...”
Rosie let out an exasperated sigh. She only wanted assurance that Stella was alright. “Tell me what’s wrong, now.” The ‘
- they have their hands all over each other. Sherlock slots their cocks together and thrusts, and it’s brilliant. They kiss, and kiss, and John eventually slows the pace so it’s sweet and attentive.
Sherlock snorted. “I doubt it. Like I said, it was harmless flirting. He wouldn’t be subtle enough to pull something like that off. It’s unlikely he knew what he was serving.”
John had to admit, now: this, being completely enmeshed with Sherlock, inside him, above him, in perfect rhythm, was an amalgamation of all of that, better than anything he thought he could ever miss.
“That’s it, love, let go,” John’s voice turns sweet, and Sherlock lets out a low moan and comes in bursts over his chest. John’s eyes darken. He focuses on the sensations: Sherlock, pliable after orgasm around his cock, lean and muscular under his fingers, breathing heavily, hair wild against the white pillow.
. It wasn’t that he didn’t have the money, it was the principle of going to someone else to pay for something he could do himself.
Rosie comes back to John’s flat for the next couple of days, and having to take care of another human being is a nice distraction from the constant thread of bad thoughts running through his head and the constant itching for a drink. He’s nauseous and moody and a downright nightmare to deal with, but Sherlock insists on staying. John can’t blame him- he doesn’t totally trust himself to “keep off the sweeties,” as he himself had said to Sherlock a few months earlier.
Yasmin cheered. Stella stiffened, just a fraction as to go unnoticed by their friends. Not by Rosie, though.
things like that and expect Sherlock not to melt. He turned to the window, back to the stars. “It’s going to take me a few days to figure out what exactly happened today and how.”
Rosie froze. She had never been so directly approached like this by someone who actually caught her attention. She eyed the woman in front of her suspiciously- she doubted there was a real bet. But Stella was quite possibly the hottest person she had ever seen. Rosie was single, and very interested, but her music career was just starting to take off. “What if I told you I’m basically married to my job?”
God. That was...unimaginably good. That was worth every domestic, every unsaid confession, every year they’d spent apart.
Sherlock clapped his hands and leapt out of his seat. A few heads turned, but John wasn’t paying them any mind when this madman was at the brink of a breakthrough. He was mesmerizing, like this. “You’re brilliant
Xiaowen smiled. “She comes to my pharmacy. She’s a graphic designer, and her office is just around the corner.”
Sherlock had already moved down to John’s neck, and the sensation of those lips nipping and licking that sensitive skin was extremely distracting. “Mm?” Sherlock started to rub at John’s nipples over his undershirt, and it became even harder to maintain a train of thought. But John wasn’t going to let this go.
John yawned and stretched in an obvious display. Xiaowen took the hint and stood. “Sorry, I know you both must be tired from jet lag. I just have one last thing.” She pulled a bag out of her back pocket. Sherlock recognized the smell. It was the truth tea.
She clutched her violin case. “You’re proud of me?” Her voice was small, uncertain. It tore at his unsteady heart.
John feels the words rather than hears them. The last Jenga block is pulled, and he falls with a clatter.
John chuckles, rewarding him with a particularly hard squeeze. “Yeah? Where else do you want me to touch you, then?” He smirks, not expecting Sherlock to answer. But the detective is as keen as ever.
Sherlock winced. It would have taken less time to list what was right. “I’m sorry, John, I don’t know how that happened,” he tried with as much neutrality as possible. Of course, he knew exactly how it had happened: Sherlock had never fully recovered from the last time John had walked out on him ten years ago, on their life together at 221B. The two of them had been thrust into each other’s orbit for the first time since then, and with their inhibitions weakened by grief, they stumbled into a pastiche form of comfort in the shape of sex. Stupid, needy sex.
“Seeing you...like this is... fascinating. I want to catalogue...all your responses, memorize them.”
“Good morning, Dr. Watson!” The hotel event manager’s impossibly cheery greeting pulled him from his thoughts.
Sherlock wanted to yell and cry and sulk about this, but his most immediate, overpowering reaction was to try and fix this perspective. This skewed, false perspective Sherlock had tried so hard to force on the world, only for John to internalize it.
Sherlock returned his gaze to the glass of the microscope, but John couldn’t resist the bait. “Exceptionally lucky, in fact.” He moved closer, leaning his chest over the table, resting his chin in his hand. He ran his tongue over his bottom lip, and Sherlock’s fingers over the magnifier froze. “Exceptionally,
She’s sitting in Sherlock’s chair, biting into a pastry, wearing the same black dress she wore to the funeral yesterday. She gives him a cheeky wave. “Nice of you to join me,” she greets, leaning over dramatically to get a glimpse into Sherlock’s room. “
Iris dodged the question. “Oh, this and that. It’s mostly what other people are going to do with it. Bargaining chip, mostly. Don’t forget, I’m asking
John gripped the steering wheel just a touch tighter. He was driving Rosie to her third grade orchestra concert, and she was gripping her violin case to her chest in the backseat. He silently thanked himself for choosing the rental. Rosie seemed to love the instrument so much, he had been close to purchasing one.
As if she had been summoned, his daughter ran up to pull them both into a hug. She offered her congratulations, and reached behind her head, pulling out the white flower John had put into her hair not long ago. “You should have this,” she said, offering it to John. “Something borrowed.” Rosie winked.
He whispered over the seat, “We’ve got to hurry. Stuff these up your shirt to look pregnant, and hide the lumps with your jacket.”
“Um.” John cleared his throat, feeling like Henry Knight the morning he’d come to their flat about the hound. “It certainly wasn’t one of our men.”
John shoved a piece of bacon in his mouth, willing his erection down. He was an embarrassing cliche-- one verbal fight and a mention of danger to an ex-soldier and he was ready to pop off, even once Sherlock shut him down completely. He swallowed. “It certainly wasn’t one of our men,” he said, relieved that he sounded relatively normal. “They’re just a bunch of old blokes who like rolling in mud. It’s embarrassing, honestly.”
“John,” he whispered, his name falling somewhere in the space between respect and worship. “Thank you, truly, but you don’t have to-”
Rosie paused her fingers over her laptop keyboard, precariously balanced on her curled knees. Was that too much? “Only lies have detail,” Dad had taught her, growing up. That was so typical of him, so private with the murky minutiae of his past. Rosie had learned to pull information from him detail by detail, with sly prying questions Dad didn’t even realize he was answering. Through the years, she had pieced together a story of her early childhood from strings of key words and recurring characters until it had a semblance of a plot, but there were still some gaping holes.
John had leaned in for what was supposed to be a quick kiss in the hotel car park, but it had rapidly devolved into a full-on snogging, so by the time they sauntered into the Crown’s reserved dining room arm in arm for the wedding brunch, he and Sherlock looked guilty of more than just tardiness. The crowd was a motley assortment of impatiently hungry and hungover wedding guests- a few of Rosie’s friends John barely knew the names of were still stumbling. Nonetheless, they were greeted with polite applause and one wolf whistle- he shot a dirty look at Harry for that one. Rosie wore a smirk, shaking her head and sharing a knowing glance with Stella and her bridesmaids.
Before he had the chance to ask Sherlock what the theory was, his mobile rang. It was late, long past midnight now, and seeing Rosie’s name light up on the screen was far from comforting. She was supposed to be out partying, causing a public disturbance and the like, not calling her old dad.
John looked like he was punched in the chest. Quite deservedly, actually. Sherlock had taken a bullet there.
This story has been such a joy to write. Thank you so much to everyone who came on this ABBA-themed journey with me! As always, you can find me on tumblr @disfictional.
They both knew it wasn’t. “I don’t want you thinking you’re an experiment to me, Sherlock, because you’re not.
“I have a small wedding gift for you,” said Rosie, handing John the parcel. It felt sturdy, like a book under the wrapping.
“Oh,” a complicated thread of emotions crossed John’s face as the word passed his lips: confusion, interest, excitement, sadness, anger, self-doubt. Sherlock waited for a verbal acknowledgement of any of them, but all John said was, “Right.”
He stopped. Today was an utter nightmare. Everything was a reminder of the man who left him. He set the crossword aside and stood up, swinging his arms back and forth in an attempt to loosen his body, shake away unsavory memories. Earl barked in offense at being disrupted from her kip. John pet her as reconciliation, but he was too keyed up now to sit back and fill in the crossword. Something was wrong. John Watson had spent years writing true crime; he didn’t believe in coincidences anymore. This had to be a message.
Sherlock turned to dash, just barely swerving a server with a tray full of drinks. John stood, stunned frozen. “Where are you going?” he called when he found his voice. Sherlock was nearly out of the lobby. “There’s a wedding on!”
In reality, it had been a lot messier than the public had been led to believe. But that was the nature of reality, he supposed. He rubbed at the scar below his eye, which had healed a bit in five years, but would never heal completely. Sometimes he made a joke about being Al Capone reincarnate. People usually laughed out of pity. He hated when they did that.
He seemed to come back to himself. “Right, yeah. Okay. Good. Fine. It’s all fine.” He squeezed his eyes shut, knowing it was the wrong response, and Rosie cringed. “I mean to say- I’m happy for you, Rose. I want you to love whoever makes you happy. I just- yeah. I want you to be happy.”
Her family owned a tea farm, and her mother had a fascination with jade, so she was well versed in the spectrum of greens. Fond memories of Saturdays spent at the flower market, finding turtles at the forest park and dashing through the tables at the jade market colored memories of her childhood. But the color green stood out among the rest. Flecks of mint, pistachio, and hunter green pebbled her mother’s thick jade bracelets and small hand-crafted figurines. Xiaowen had memorized them all.
Stella was a vision in a three piece suit. The coat and trousers were a black that perfectly matched her hair, with a white double-breasted vest and statement bowtie underneath. A thin line ran down the side of Stella’s trousers, emphasizing her stride as she made her way down the aisle to the arch. Dad had always warned her that sentiment was a dangerous game, but Rosie was so desperately in love with the woman at the altar, Stella could hold her at gunpoint and she’d thank her for it.
“I was in a bad way,” John admitted, rubbing the hairs at the back of his neck. “I spent a bit too much time imagining what could have been, and…” he held up the velvet case. “It’s cheap, and it might not even fit, but, will you put it on for me? I know it’s a bit weird, but it would, uh. Mean a lot.”
“I know what I see in your future,” Sherlock mocked him, recalling the abhorrent line John had used on the poor woman. She had refused of course (any sane person would, with that line).
soft tongues. Sherlock grasped at John’s button-up, pulling him impossibly close, wanting to absorb John into his skin. “John,” he whined.
“No.” Clearly, Dad knew who this Lord Moran was, and didn’t like it. He waved his index finger in the air to accompany the dissent. “Sherlock, no. It can’t be an accident that the
“Hope you don’t mind- Sherlock asked me to come.” He scratched his neck, embarrassed to still be doing Sherlock’s bidding twenty years on. “And retirement’s great, but it’s nice to be needed.”
John nodded, chuckling. “Can always count on Sherlock Holmes to be prepared.” He reached out to take it, but Sherlock stopped him. “Let me.”
Stella smiled, and Rosie couldn’t help but mirror her. “Can’t believe that was four years ago. At that sketchy underground bar, of all places,” Stella laughed. Rosie remembered the night well.
“I choose you, Sherlock,” John said, hoping to god that Sherlock knew he meant it. John slot their fingers together, Sherlock’s long violin fingers sliding electrically through his own. “I choose you.”
John arrived at 221B, Rosie in tow, at 5:46pm, just as Sherlock had predicted. What he hadn’t predicted, however, was John’s sour mood. He greeted Sherlock with a grunt, set Rosie in the makeshift playpen Sherlock kept to the right of the door for her visits, and headed straight for the kitchen to make tea. A mixed slush of snow, rain, and ice was drizzling from the grey afternoon skies, and a decent amount of it had clung onto John’s head.
It only occurred to Sherlock a week later, once the paralyzing numbness over the loss of Mrs. Hudson had faded into more of a manageable grief contained inside his body, that he’d made a mistake. He’d wanted to see John Watson again very,
“That brings me to my last point, which is that Harry was always right. She told me once that her drinking would kill her one day, and it
“Do me a favor and get the high chair set up for Rosie. I’ve got to give her some breakfast or she’s going to throw a fit.”
She smiled, and it was so reminiscent of Mary, Sherlock had to look away. It was too much like staring at a ghost. She had John’s deep set eyes, his strong jawline, and his ears that poked out the sides, but her other features screamed Mary. Her smile, especially. It was...unsettling.
“I like it when you do that,” Sherlock said. No no no. He didn’t mean to say that. The way the effect of the tea on his brain seemed to pull at his mouth was fascinating.
I regret that I made you think, even for one second, that her death was your fault. It wasn't. I was angry and lashed out at you unfairly. Then what I did to you in the morgue. It is unforgivable. I don't know how to apologise for that. I may have broken us completely, and that scares me to death. I can't ask for your forgiveness because I don't deserve it.
“They're not all like this, I assure you,” the doctor said as he ran his fingers through Sherlock's curls.
The kiss shot bright hot tingles through Sherlock, making his knees go weak. He would have fallen if John hadn’t caught him. Soon he found himself steered back towards the bedroom, his body crying out to be taken by his new Dom.
“I didn’t send a car, nor did I know they were at the hospital.” He glared at Jones. The man was clearly incompetent. He should have been informed the moment Sherlock stepped through the door at A&E.
“Don’t answer that,” came a voice from behind Mary. She looked over her shoulder, finding a gun trained on her. Whirling, she scooped up the cuffed man's gun, then trained both her weapons on the man who had appeared from the door. They were at an impasse, each holding their guns steady on the other.
John looked at his sub with admiration. “Amazing. Simply extraordinary.” He had to have the most brilliant, astounding sub in all of England, no, make that the world.
The detective hummed in contentment. He couldn’t move more than a few inches in any direction. It made him feel securely at his Dom's mercy.
You arouse me in so many ways, not merely physical. You arouse my intellect, my curiosity, my passion for life.
“Good. Go arrest the cousin. She’ll have the ring.” Sherlock grasped John’s hand. “Take me home, sir,” he said, his voice dropping so that only his Dom could hear him. “Please.”
with Sherlock in his arms, but it won’t bring Harry back. He feels a pang of loss in his stomach. It’s dulled by the sex-fueled serotonin coursing through him, but still there. He hugs Sherlock tighter.
. They looked like the shallow waters of the Manx coastline, the light in the room reflecting off of them like stones rubbed raw from choppy waters. There was a softness there, but more chillingly, there was a sense of distance, of being removed from it all, an object operating on its own timeline totally unaffected by the cosmic shift in John’s. He smiled a terrible, put-upon smile John had only ever seen used on clients.
You hide your heart away from the world, your gorgeous heart, afraid it will be damaged. I am privileged, my love, that you have shared it with me.
At first, it felt like he was fighting himself. It always did. It felt unnatural trying to breathe deeply whilst keeping the hand on his chest still so that only the hand resting just below his diaphragm moved. It simply felt wrong. Still, he kept at it until, finally, he felt the shift in his breathing. The hand on his chest simply rested there, unmoving. For the next twenty minutes, he simply breathed and felt his body relax into it.
John took one look at him and knew something must have happened whilst he was at the clinic. His concern shot through the roof, but he tried not to let it show. "I'm glad to be home," he said as he shrugged off his coat. He hung it on the nearest hook, then sat down on the sofa, the opposite end from his flatmate. Toeing off his shoes, the doctor propped his feet up on the coffee table. "Is everything alright?" John asked casually.
Mrs. Hudson makes sure I eat. You know I don’t require much sleep. As for my black moods, I survived them before we met. I can survive it now.
Sherlock turned around and settled over his Dom’s lap, his cock hard and aching. He knew what was coming and he wasn’t looking forward to it. So why was he so aroused? It was an aspect of being a sub that he didn’t understand.
Just as the coffee had finished brewing, the detective came into the kitchen. He was wearing naught but his blue dressing gown. He knelt on the cushion by the table, facing John, and let the dressing gown fall artfully open.
"Of course it is, the former assassin said, reaching out her hand and taking Sherlock's in her own. "How could I  possibly see you any other way? I do love you. That's why we're in this family together. It wouldn't work any other way."
Mary simply threw the wet dishcloth at Sherlock who side stepped it, letting it fall to the floor with a splat.
John had hated the constant presence of the doctors and nurses whilst he had been in hospital. He had wanted nothing more than a bit of privacy and to be left the hell alone. Of course, later, when he had been by himself without support in that lonely bedsit, he’d hated the endless solitude.
Go to Mycroft?! I thought better of you than that, John. I would ask if you had gone mad, but obviously you have. My life is none of that pompous arse's business, now or ever.
"Well, you know your brother." John shrugged, then sat down, not caring about the debris in the alley. Now that he had seen Sherlock, his anger had flowed away, at least for the moment. It was difficult to be angry with someone who looked so vulnerable. Later, in the dead of the night, the anger would come back as it did so many nights and he wouldn't know what to do with it, but he would deal with that when it happened.
“It did,” John interjected. “He slept better than he has in ages.” He gave a sheepish smile. “So did I for that matter.” It had been wonderful. He hadn’t worried about Sherlock all night.
Mary shrugged as she sat down in a chair opposite the detective. She could sense Sherlock's nervousness and wanted to leave room for John to sit next to him. "In eight or nine days," she said in a matter of fact tone. "I'll be at my most fertile then.
The government official shuddered through his climax, burying his face in the nape of Greg's neck. Once he had ridden it out, he pulled gently out, bent to retrieve the glass butt plug, and seated it inside his pet. “Gregory, you were amazing,” he said, turning the DI around to face him. He kissed him ling and slow before pulling up his pet's trousers and fastening them. He took Greg's hand. “Shall we?”
Watson doesn’t need me. She has you. I would only destroy her life. I am already responsible for her growing up without her mother. What part of that don’t you understand? There is nothing you could conceivably say that would change my mind. Go on with your life, John, I implore you.
After a swift chase, John had the killer pressed up against the brick wall of the alley, the man's arm twisted up painfully behind his back. “Hurry up with the cuffs, will you,” he directed at Sherlock. The killer still had some fight in him, so John gave him another slam into the wall to subdue him.
The paramedic called ahead and spoke to someone at A&E. “If he's stable and alert, they will have Mr. Watson meet us when we arrive.”
Sherlock sat with his back against the brick wall that ran along one side of the alley. His legs were bent at the knees and his arms rested on them, straight out in front of him. His head drooped between his arms, causing his curls to cover his eyes. "Mycroft told you where to find me," he stated in an eerie tone. It sounded far too... not calm, but flat... for John's liking.
It was late in the evening when John approached his still nude boy. He wove his fingers into Sherlock’s curls and tugged on them. “It's time, pet. Crawl into the bedroom and wait for me.”
John threw back his head and laughed. “Oh, we’ll get there. I promise, you’ll have my cock inside you. I’ll pound you so hard it’ll feel like I’m splitting you open, but I promised to edge you first.”
"I'm fine." The detective kept pacing, the crinkle at the bridge of his nose betraying his concern. He couldn't shake the thoughts that had arisen in his mind.
In addition to that concern, Sherlock was finding it difficult to compartmentalise. Molly had a most fascinating corpse that she was letting him examine. Unfortunately, the harness he was wearing was arousing him beyond what he had expected. He had to take a moment and redirect all that sexual tension inward to the bedroom in his Mind Palace. Otherwise he would have ended up with an erection whilst standing over a corpse. That wouldn’t have done his reputation any good.
“It may feel that way to you, but you're not. Try this.” The psychiatrist placed one hand on his chest and one over his diaphragm. “Put your hands where I've got mine.”
“I’m not with them,” Mycroft said. He covered the microphone on his phone and spoke to Jones who was covering for Anthea whilst she was on holiday, “Locate my brother and Doctor Watson. Now!” He uncovered the microphone. “When did you hear from them last?” he asked Mary.
I miss you so damned much. I can't sleep at night for thinking about you. My life has become boring again. I don’t just miss the cases, if that is what you are thinking. I miss you. I miss you your violin playing. I miss your mad experiments. I miss the random little things you do that drive others ‘round the twist.
“Go fetch them.” As Sherlock left, John inspected the bed. It looked clean enough after the activities of the night before. He stripped the covers off the bed, leaving only the pillows and the bottom sheet.
Sherlock glowered at the DI and threw himself down in a chair. It was an act he immediately regretted and a hiss escaped him. He might have endured the spanking with stoicism, but that didn’t mean it hadn’t bloody hurt and his poor arse still felt the after effects.
John held Sherlock for several minutes until he heard the sub start snoring softly. He carefully shifted Sherlock off of him and to the side, where he gently unbuckled the belt from around his wrists and removed it. He took a few moments to look at Sherlock fondly. He would have cleaned him up, but he didn't want to disturb him further. Instead, he settled down behind him and wrapped his arm around him, falling to sleep himself.
The doctor didn't see the exchanged glances the matchmakers shared. If he had he would have wondered just what he had got himself into.
Sherlock didn’t say anything, but followed John from the room, his confusion plain to see for anyone who happened to look his way. He didn’t understand why John had changed his mind about the apology.
Sherlock glanced at John who had his hands in the same position as the other two men. His friend nodded at him encouragingly. The detective tried to take a deep breath, but it felt as though he couldn't get enough air and only the hand on his chest moved. He tried a few more times, then drew his knees up to his chin. “This is pointless!”
A voice inside Sherlock’s head, one that sounded suspiciously like John’s, said, “What about honesty and communication?” Sherlock waved it off and went to join John in the kitchen. He knew what he was doing. He wanted John to be relaxed and happy again.
The fact that Sherlock didn't scoff at being called ‘normal’ disturbed John greatly. He had to look away to hide how upset he was.
Unable to restrain herself any longer, the former assassin rushed forward and pulled her partners into a hug. “We were so worried. The emails said you were alive, but I was afraid they were lying.”
Approaching his boy, John ran his hands over Sherlock’s chest, up over his shoulders and down his arms. “If I hadn’t enjoyed that show so much, I’d give you a spanking for your cheekiness. As it is, you may have to strip for me like that on a regular basis.”
“Such an eager little cock slut.” The government official pressed his mouth to the side of Greg's neck just above the black band of his collar and placed a love bite there. At the same time, he reached down and removed the plug that had kept his pet nice and open for him all day. “I’m going to fuck you now, and you’re not going to come until I give you permission. Is that clear?”
There was a padded table nearby that stood at just the right height for John. Seeing it, he dragged his boy over and onto it by the curls. As he pushed Sherlock down on it, he noticed a number of strategically placed hooks.
It was only a few minutes before Lestrade appeared in the incident room. He had brought everything with him he’d need to take both John and Sherlock’s statements. “Thanks for coming in. I’m assuming it’s all down to you, John. Normally I have to badger that one for days to get him here.”
The man raised his hands in the air in surrender. Mary crossed over to him, keeping the gun trained on him. With her left hand, she pulled out a pair of handcuffs. “Put them on,” she ordered. “
John looked up after he had read those parts. “I would never come between you and your cases, Sherlock. I hope you know that.”
John shook his head. “Well, before you got here, Mycroft informed me that he has Williamson in custody. I don’t think we have to worry about him shooting anyone else.”
The doctor hesitated to say yes. If he did, Sherlock would see it as the worst sort of betrayal. “Not just yet, though it may come to it. Let me try talking some sense into him once I’ve had a chance to calm down a bit. But take this.” He handed the partially filled vial to Mycroft who took it.
“It’s like the breathing exercise. You need to practice it before it becomes truly effective. And anytime you feel a panic attack coming on, practice either of the techniques - the muscle exercise and if that doesn't work, move on to the breathing.”
At the hospital, they were spit up, much to their chagrin. Sherlock was rushed in for an x-ray and to get his arm set. John was assessed for concussion, being rushed through for x-rays himself. He was correct, he had a mild concussion. The upside of which was that his skull was intact. The downside was that he had to suffer through the associated symptoms. Concussions, even a mild one, wasn’t something to laugh at.
“Look at you, pet,” Mycroft said hungrily. His eyes were on the glass butt plug that filled the DI's entrance. “You’ve worn that for me all day just like I wanted.” He reached out and touched it, running his finger around the smooth rim.
“I searched my mind palace with Doctor Dieter's assistance. There is a locked door. I am sure that my memories are behind it, but I can’t get through.” He sounded incredibly discouraged.
Greg pretended not to hear her. “Oi! You two! I suppose it’s too much to hope you’ll come straight in and give your statements.”
“I refuse to take anything that would interfere with my mind. Drugs would merely slow me down. I require my mind to function at its fastest and best.” Sherlock let go of John’s hand and crossed his arms in front of him.
The detective squealed delightfully, making John laugh. He did it again, then he concentrated on Sherlock's hole. He laved at it, enjoying how his boy squirmed. When he had loosened him up, he pulled back and grabbed a tube of lube, then squeezed a generous amount on his fingers. He was able to get two fingers easily into Sherlock's loosened hole. He quickly found his boy's prostate and ran his fingers over it, causing the detective to jolt and pull against the spreader bar.
After a suitable amount of time had passed, John swallowed down Sherlock’s cock one last time. It didn’t take long for John’s tongue and the prostate massage to bring Sherlock to the brink once more. This time when John pulled off, he removed his fingers from Sherlock’s entrance as well.
Sherlock fidgeted, drumming his fingers on his knees. “That was before it came with the prospect of working with you. You’re not the kind of idiot he normally expects me to liaise with.”
"You do it. Please." Sherlock's eyes looked so sad and vulnerable as he asked. He had made the decision, that should be enough. It wasn't fair to make him choose and schedule the appointment as well.
“You can have this,” John told Sherlock. “Any time you want it. You can have this or anything else. All you have to do is ask or just reach out and touch me. And when it’s too much, say so and I’ll back off.” It would hurt and John knew there would be times he would get angry, but he’d just have to deal with it.
The sub leant forward, pressing his face against John’s upper thigh. The room was thick with their mutual arousal. John grasped a handful of dark curls and tipped Sherlock’s head back. “You have too many clothes on,” he observed. Sherlock’s hand immediately went to remove his coat which had fanned out around him on the floor. The Dom brushed his hands away “No. Let me.” Undressing Sherlock was like opening a present, one that he had longed for all his life.
The clinic had called and asked John to come in. He had started to demure, but Sherlock had convinced him otherwise, arguing that the last few days showed he would be fine. Now the detective was alone in the flat. He couldn't get motivated to do anything, not with the strange numbness that enveloped him.
“No shit, John.” Sherlock breathed through the pain. He’d experienced worse pain before, but that didn’t make it a fun experience.
The detective gathered his courage. “Could we do that again?” He rocked from foot to foot, hoping John would say yes.
The last sentence rang throughout the flat. Mrs. Hudson would have heard it if she had been home. Thankfully, she was out.
John smiled. “We mean to.” He snuggled up against her, the detective doing likewise on the other side.
“I see you still don’t get it,” John said, grasping Sherlock by the curls. “You implied I was an idiot, Sherlock. Think about what you said. Think about it very carefully and when you figure it out, nod.”
John laughed."Of course." He climbed into bed. "It seemed far too quiet up here," the doctor commented. "It never occurred to me that you would have turned in so early."
My tender one. The one who hides behind a mask of cool indifference. My beloved. My heart aches for you.
Sherlock tossed the measuring tape aside. Looking up at her, he leant in and kissed her belly. It was tender and sweet and brought tears to her eyes. She swiped them away. “There’s one for your spreadsheet. I’m overly emotional.”
There was no way that John was going to make Sherlock apologise in front of his brother. “Actually, we came in so Sherlock could give you his full statement regarding the serial killer case. We can come back later if this is a bad time.”
"You would, too," John replied. So they were going to pretend that everything was fine. They'd been doing that since Sherlock's breakdown at the Yard. It made the doctor feel like he was walking on eggshells.
The Dom circled behind his boy and placed the cuffs on him. He ran his hands over Sherlock's shoulders, squeezing them once before he walked back around him.
Sherlock lay in his bed feeling rather stunned. John's head rested on his left shoulder and Mary's rested on his right. He felt warm, loved, and surprisingly sated. The whole thing, having sex with Mary... and John, had been completely different than what he had expected. In fact, he had enjoyed it. He had even found himself aroused in the face of having sex with a woman, not just any woman, to be sure, but it had surprised him.
John dry washed his face. “Can we take this from the top? I’m sure Sherlock has deduced everything, but I need details.”
“What does it look like?” Sherlock asked acidly. He kicked the table by his chair over, not caring that it hurt his foot.
After John had made the call to Greg, he stood looking out the window onto Baker Street. Rather predictably, he could hear Sherlock in the shower. John knew that the calm that had surrounded them the last couple of days wouldn't last. All too soon something would happen that would trigger another panic attack or worse and he was no more equipped to deal with it now than he had been before. He took out his phone and placed a call, making an appointment to see Ella as he had meant to do days ago. Taking that step made him feel as if he had accomplished something, but the feeling didn't last long as there came a the sound of breaking glass from the bathroom.
Sherlock keened behind his gag and bit down on the ball, making his jaws ache. His cock was hard and aching, trapped between his stomach and the table. He desperately tried to rut against it, but wasn’t able to move enough for it to be satisfying. That made the intense pleasure his Dom was giving him all that much sweeter.
Sherlock found himself feeling truly sorry, not that he had nicked the handcuffs, but that he had managed to disappoint John already. It wouldn’t have been so bad if he could have used his hand to hold onto his Dom's ankle. Another point of contact would have been grounding – just one more. He heard himself say, “Forty, thank you, sir,” then braced for the next blow.
John squeezed Sherlock's foot. “I’m right here with you.” He paused. “Go ahead and try the doorknob again.”
Taking the hint, John extricated himself and stood beside her, drying the dishes and putting them away. “Seriously. Are you happy? I was talking to Sherlock and...”
Sherlock looked up with him, wearing a shaky smile. "You never think. You're an idiot." He held out a hand, clearly expecting to be helped up.
“Jesus. They could find us any time. This is- is- Oh, fuck.” John let his head thud back against the metal wall of the container. “You are going to be the death of me.”
“Don’t worry. I don’t think there's much chance of that.” John went back to work, drawing another cry from Sherlock's lips. When the detective came, John swallowed, not spilling a drop.
After a few moments, the government official looked at his nails, then met Sherlock's eyes. "Be honest, baby brother. You already feel that way. Don't say no just because I'm the one who has suggested it. Do it for yourself. Do it for John." Mycroft stood. "If you would like a referral, I would be happy to give you one. It's up to you, now, Sherlock." He exited the flat, hoping against hope that he had done some good.
His fingers continued to move inside Sherlock, opening him up with gentle flexing, swirling, and sliding. When he’d been on the receiving end himself many
happened. I mean, I’ve wanted that for Christ knows how long. I still stand by everything I said, even if I should have said it all in private. I hate to think I pressured you into anything- if you were only letting me- you know- because you think I
Everyone was riding the high of combined shock value and romanticism, and the live band performed like they were at a sold out venue for thousands. In the great hall of the Crown Hotel, sparkling with fairy lights and decorated with sprawling bouquets, Rosie performed her song she had intended to sing at the original reception, for Stella. But as the words flowed out of her, she realized they were oddly fitting in this case, too.
“That makes two of us,” Sherlock whispered, tightening his grip on John’s hand. John buried his head into Sherlock’s thigh, and after a few moments, Sherlock tentatively began to rub John’s head. In any other situation, John may have found this vulnerable position to be demeaning, but it was Sherlock, and his touch and heady scent of worn denim, lavender, and tobacco was healing. Sherlock’s hands combed through his hair rhythmically. John couldn’t remember the last time he had been touched like this- so gently, reverently- and he moaned into Sherlock’s denim.
Sherlock pretends he hates the attention, but John sees right through it. “What did Mycroft want?” Sherlock cuts in, desperate for the chance to change the subject and rail against his big brother.
John can read the question in that. “You wouldn’t have been. Disturbing me, I mean.” He turns around, and Sherlock takes his hands off his shoulders. John misses the contact immediately.
It took John a minute to realize he was talking about the Redbeard bowl. “Have you?” John asked, unable to keep the hurt out of his voice.
“Are you okay? Where’s Dad?” she said, frantically searching for any movement in the window. Dad and Sherlock put themselves in so much danger, if she found out that those idiots got themselves into a bad situation on her move-in day, she was going to give them a proper talking-to.
“No. Cam, I believe their name was, flirted with Clara from the start of the service, bringing up a story about a work dinner they attended a few years ago. Clara was particularly susceptible to advances yesterday, having had such an emotional day. They’ve been waiting for their chance with her. It was the perfect storm.” John doesn’t miss the similarities to his own behavior.
In lieu of responding, he rebuttoned his shirt and put his trousers back together with as much dignity as one could muster with a glaring stain of dried semen down the front. John was staring at him with such confusion and disbelief, Sherlock had to turn away. “You can see yourself out,” he said coolly, willing John to get frustrated or offended at his aloofness and leave on his own accord.
it!” John countered. “I chalked my lack of control over what I was saying up to the disorientation of a thirteen hour flight, but now that I know what it feels like to drink this tea, I’m certain I’ve had it before.”
“Not an experiment, Sherlock.” John spoke sternly and pushed harder against Sherlock as he said it. Sherlock’s eyes widened with fear (and something else) and he opened his mouth, probably to apologize. John smiled and kissed him to show that he only meant it playfully. If he and Sherlock were going to be spending more time together, he would knowingly (and unknowingly) be a part of many experiments to come, and he was fine with it. Positively joyful about it, actually. He kissed him again to prove it.
She didn’t much care where Jacqueline was going, because she didn’t want to waste a single second more thinking about her.
One key difference was also the bed. The large bed, decidedly not the sordid twin mattress on which he insisted on sleeping at Baker Street. No, this bed was one you could sink into and get tangled up in the sheets.
“Let me.” He rips open the small silver package and rolls the condom onto John’s length, then strokes him with a fair amount of lubricant. When he’s finished, he lies back, wrapping his long legs around John’s hips and thrusting in a display of what’s to come. John moans, desperate and wanting.
?! No, no, no.” Sherlock was getting the wrong impression. As wrong as he could be, in fact. “I don’t really go in for that sort of thing anymore.”
John was going to check with Harry and Clara, then glance at the surgery schedule and inevitably realize he was off the schedule for the rest of the week. He’d think himself into a spiral of questioning being a noncommittal father and a noncommittal friend. After an unnecessary amount of guilty thoughts, he’d ultimately decide he wanted to go, and send Sherlock a text. Something short, like
He wanted Christmas John. Christmas John from just two days ago. Christmas John, who had sat in his chair in this very room in front of the fireplace and toasted Mrs. Hudson. Christmas John, who had given Sherlock an engraved magnifying glass and had gifted it with a note reading “Because you always know where to look. Merry Christmas, Sherlock. -JW.” Christmas John, who ate three too many of Mrs. Hudson’s mince pies. Christmas John, had put Rosie to bed upstairs and then covered himself in a blanket on the couch and asked Sherlock to join him. Christmas John, who had stroked his hair so gently as he told a story about his Christmas in Kandahar.
“I love you too, John,” Sherlock says. The words wrap around John like a wool blanket. He sinks into the softness of them, finally able to relax in the relief, the
He had met Mike Stamford for lunch at a small cafe near St. Bart’s that was far too hip and crowded for John’s taste. He usually avoided this area at all costs, bad memories and the like, but he had already cancelled on Mike four separate times now.
Sherlock blinked, and John had a feeling he was coming out of his mind palace. “Where’d you go, just there?” John softened a bit, “You know you don’t have to do this if you-“
The last thing she wanted was for Dad to launch into one of his stories about his days in the army. “Daaad,” she said, trying to tone her exasperation down.
Watching Sherlock succumb to sleep with his own fingers smoothing his curls, John decides, no, he truly doesn’t mind. He doesn’t mind at all.
A wave of self-consciousness swept over him. He looked like shit-- an unplanned night in the ER hadn’t done his weary eyes any favors, and he wasn’t yet dressed for the wedding in an old pair of jeans and a Manx fishing t-shirt. A gaggle of tourists in the lobby chatted excitedly about the TT, and he walked past them across the lobby to join Sherlock at a cozy two-person table. He dared a light touch along Sherlock’s shoulder to his neck in greeting, testing the waters. Sherlock didn’t lean into the touch, but he didn’t reject it, either.
Sherlock smirked. “She was a cleaner- she was supposed to deliver the water to the room. But she got thirsty. The murder device never made it to the intented target.”
“It’s alright, really, but why--” She was interrupted by the reveal of a white flower from Sherlock’s coat pocket, which he handed to her unceremoniously. The soft petals curled in on themselves almost shyly.
It had worked- now, Rosie was rising to fame faster than Sherlock had after the Reichenbach case, and John couldn’t be prouder. To see his daughter being successful, happy, and with a good partner was everything he could have asked for as a parent.
John was refusing to drink the tea without knowing what it did. Probably wise, actually, but Sherlock was too curious not to try it. He had always preferred practical research.
Sherlock bristled. He hated when John talked down about his social skills, as if John was any better than Sherlock at interaction these days.
The artist friend gave Watson a sloppy one-armed hug. The actress spoke for both of them. “Of course. There’s plenty of room in those double beds.”
Sherlock turns so he’s facing John. He’s all swollen lips, mussed hair, pliable body, gentle eyes. John thinks of Clara’s expression from this morning: “
Sherlock growls, dropping the blank facade. “You can’t say what you said at your sister’s funeral, either!” He runs a hand through his hair and turns away from John. Passersby are staring, and the wet patch on John’s collar is widening, cold water mixing with sweat. When Sherlock turns back, his eyes are dark, and his tone is unforgiving. He grabs John by the lapels. “Do it now, John.”
“Yes, well, maybe the customary Taiwan hospitality is getting to me. Come here,” he gestured to John, putting his arm around his shoulders for the photo. John stiffened, but after a moment, leaned into the touch, sliding his own arm around Sherlock’s waist.
John dug his fingers into the skin underneath Sherlock’s trousers playfully. “Yeah, well, what’s new, Mr. I Take All the Air Out of the Room.”
She ran a frustrated hand through her cropped, black hair. She’d recently cut it in a more masculine style, easy, no-nonsense. One less thing to worry about. She shoved her mobile back into her coat pocket and held a little tighter to her backpack straps.
John stared straight ahead at the road, licking his lips. “Thank god we’re nearly there, because I’m going to die if I can’t get my hands on you immediately
She smiled like an idiot. She was star struck, and the hundreds of things she had wanted to say to him, to ask him, lodged themselves in her windpipe. Sherlock had always existed as an entity, and while she had spent time imagining what he was like, she hadn’t really considered that Sherlock was a complicated human person with a story separate from the ones she had read in the pages from Dad’s blog in his journal. And in her adrenaline-fueled, half-baked plan to invite him to her wedding as if she were John Watson, she hadn’t given weight to the very real possibility that she would actually meet him. The initial twinge of panic was rapidly spinning into a raging storm in her chest at the thought of revealing her ruse. The consequences of her impulsiveness were waiting just at the edges of her perception.
“Very nice,” Dad observed, absently running his hand along the wooden desk. “Much nicer than the army barracks, that’s for sure.”
“Tell me what you want me to do,” Sherlock instructs, and John smiles. Sherlock is too good at knowing what he’ll like, which is not the least bit surprising.
“And while I’m grateful for your...authentic scent, you’ll feel most comfortable after you bathe. I’ll have lunch ready by the time you come out. Come on.” Sherlock reached down to help John get to his feet. His age was really starting to show.
Admitting to being caught in a lie was, apparently, above Sherlock’s capabilities. John sighed. He leaned back in his chair, chewing on a piece of crispy bacon and studying the puzzling man across from him. He had Sherlock here, didn’t he? That was enough. He didn’t need to push. He’d promised himself that he was going to revel in this, today. He needed to let go of logistics.
John chuckled. “Good one.” He hadn’t done Rosie’s hair in years. After a rather unfortunate Dad-DIY haircut, she learned quickly how to do her own hair in the face of his incompetence with her mess of curls.
John hummed his agreement, looking around at the to-do list of stacked chairs and tables and decorations around the room. It was all he could pay attention to, as of late. Unfinished business.
“I bought a ring for you,” John said, opening it to reveal a basic, clean, platinum band. Sherlock’s mind raced. There was no way John would have had a chance to buy a ring in the last few hours- was this entire affair pre-orchestrated?
John slammed the chair into the table, sploshing the tea. Sherlock recoiled at the clatter. “Yes you
John’s back was turned from the closet to keep the gun on the guard, but at Sherlock’s emergence, John risked a glance. The security guard saw his chance and bolted for the door, but John shot the wall next to it in warning, just close enough to the guard to scare him.
cooking, John. Anyone with access to Youtube can learn the art,” but even as Sherlock was speaking, he took a loaf of freshly baked sourdough smelling of rosemary out of the oven.
. Molly had too, apparently. After this morning, he and Sherlock were hovering in a claustrophobic middle space, where John couldn’t miss him as a friend or want him as a lover. He longed for the days when their roles were predetermined, when he and Sherlock and Molly and Greg and Mrs. Hudson had little Christmas parties together, a faux family unit in another lifetime.
She felt Dad tense beside her. “I’m gonna kill him,” he muttered, absolutely fuming. Rosie grabbed his hand, hoping to reassure him.
The remark stabbed at Sherlock with a thousand tiny needles. It was not a surprise John didn’t want him if he thought he and
“My timing must have been perfect. With you secured, Iris and the guard had gone to look for me and Xiaowen back at the exhibit. But-”
God, no. That would be a bombshell. He’d only ever dated women, after all, and Rosie knew she had a mum. She had no reason to suspect he’d had a foot in the closet all these years.
Dad only sputtered disbelievingly in response as Sherlock took the microphone back from Mrs. Liu. Emil threw his hands up on the side, completely helpless watching the exchange.
It had stopped raining by the time they arrived at the Grand Hyatt hotel near Taipei 101, but the weather did nothing to clear Sherlock’s dark mood. It was already late evening, and traffic in Taipei had been at a standstill, exacerbating the uncomfortable tension in the cab from the museum to the hotel. Their flight was arranged for the following morning, despite Sherlock’s best efforts to find a route that would get them out of Taiwan tonight.
Sherlock pushed John onto his back, climbing over him to run those large hands over his chest. He unexpectedly slipped down his body and wrapped his lips around the head of his cock, and John cried out.
. To be fair, there was no way he could have expected to come back to this bedroom a married man. The proposal idea had come to him like a lightning strike, like one of Sherlock’s brilliant conclusions at the end of a string of connected deductions. Obviously, he hadn’t had a chance to stop at the pharmacy. He hadn’t had a chance to do much of anything besides marvel at the man currently lying arse-up underneath him.
John, quite hungry himself, grabs a container of lo mein, an eggroll, and a pair of chopsticks and tucks in. The noodles are flavorful and familiar, the veggies are crunchy, and they warm John from the inside. Rosie is so enraptured with Sherlock’s buzzing, pieces of chicken are falling out of her mouth. When John laughs, it comes from deep in his belly. Sherlock’s scathing glance at John is completely put-upon.
The day felt like it had slipped through Rosie’s fingers, with the whirlwind of greeting relatives and old friends (and memorable new one, Sherlock Holmes), the chaos of the afternoon’s medical crisis, and the splendor of the evening’s rehearsal dinner.
Sherlock’s fingers shifted to her wrist in a shockingly intimate way of a first greeting. What was he-
“Stop,” John heaved. Sherlock moved away and his hands instantly shifted back to John’s hips. He looked disappointed. John desperately wanted this, but he wanted to savor it. He was getting older, and he didn’t have the stamina he once had. He wasn’t sure about Sherlock, but if John came now, he would be out of commission.
But summer had been nice. Good, even. John, back at Baker Street with a toddler in tow. They even took a few cases together, with John working a locum schedule and Mrs. Hudson’s incomparable kindness in taking Watson for a day, or a few. John and Sherlock were still navigating the novelty of the return to normalcy. At least, as normal as things could be at 221B.
He took a breath, straightening the cuffs of his jacket, giving himself a last onceover in the mirror. Today wasn’t about him. Or Sherlock. It was about Rosie.
“Sherlock?” Rosie called, hoping she was right. The immaculate clothing, the holier-than-thou attitude, the height. It
“Changed my mind. Want you now.” John slumped against the wall in acceptance as Sherlock kneeled in front of him, working on undoing John’s belt.
Sherlock sent a text to Mycroft with details of their plan to go to the National Palace Museum the next morning, and their discovery of the tea’s effects. Mycroft replied simply with,
“I love you, John,” he said. He didn’t want to say the words too much, for fear that they would become meaningless, and they were far from it. They were so meaningful, in fact, they’d taken root in Sherlock’s subconscious twenty-something years ago and slowly infected his brain and his body so every cell had been converted. “Good?”
“Is that what you would say about me? To the next woman who comes along? The next Mary?” Sherlock spit her name. John stepped further away, shocked to hear that name, from Sherlock’s mouth, in this context. He reflexively rubbed at the scar under his eye. Earl growled from across the room.
“I’m glad you are amenable,” Sherlock said after what felt like several long minutes of nothing but the sound of the fire crackling, Earl’s snoring, and Sherlock’s fingers rustling through John’s grey hair. John’s chuckle came from deep in his throat, and suddenly, he was bursting with high-pitched laughter. Sherlock’s rumbling laugh was not far behind.
Strings of unintelligible praise were barrelling out of John’s mouth. The old mattress creaked and moaned underneath them. John’s hand flew over Sherlock, who was gasping in pleasure, repeating John’s name like a deity’s.
“Try it!” she urged, and Sherlock eyed the chicken hesitantly. This wasn’t exactly brain food, but he
John relaxed into his window seat, copying Sherlock’s position with a smirk. “So we’re a tarot card reader now, are we?”
John drops the pencil and leans against the moulding, breathing heavily. Rosie looks up at him, the way her nose scrunches reminding John so much of how his equally precocious sister used to look at him when she thought he was being ridiculous. “Buck up, Johnny!” Harry would tease.
Sherlock gave John a pointed look, his eyes devouring John’s body and landing on his crotch. It was softening, now, but still resting heavily over his bollocks. It was delicious.  “Obviously not.”
“I heard a flight attendant say you were on this flight, and I had to come see for myself if it was true. I’m a fan, Mr. Holmes.” she whispered.
Stella’s mouth dropped open. “What?” she barely managed to whisper. She reached for Rosie, who dropped her hand from Dad’s back to rub Stella’s shoulders comfortingly.
But the thought of his daughter marrying a woman who wasn’t who she said she was? It was a spooky sense of déjà vu. “Why? Do you think Stella was targeted specifically, or was it random?”
Sherlock was leaning so far out of his seat he was practically standing. “Yes,” he managed, needing John to say this for him.
Sherlock plopped down on the sofa, resuming the position he had been in before Mycroft’s unannounced intrusion. As much as Sherlock hated to acknowledge it, age was affecting him, too. His body wasn’t just transport, anymore. It had creakier joints and wounds and greying hair and needs. And wants.
His chances to become that version of John Watson once again were dwindling by the second, dripping into uncomfortable silence.
As the woman came closer (his eyes weren’t what they used to be), Sherlock’s stomach dropped in recognition. With the whir of events this morning, he hadn’t yet begun investigating the suspicious case of Stella Moran.
Sherlock tugged on their joined hands, nearly yanking John off the ground. His knees protested, but his heart was rather agreeable. John stood with a huff that landed on Sherlock’s lips.
With John’s come glistening on his black shirt and covering his right hand, John’s lips moving tenderly and openly against his own, Sherlock’s mind caught up to his body. It told him, based on previously collected data, that John Watson was going to leave. The probability that he would return to life with his daughter, leaving Sherlock to marinate in grief amplified by John’s brief reintroduction and disappearance, was uncomfortably high.
true that she leaked the information, she’ll likely inform the ones who actually stole the tea, and we’ll have a much harder time finding
“Don’t be daft. What other reason would I have had to invite you? Aside from your ability to prevent murders-- but I had no idea we’d need to tap into that skillset.” She smiled sadly at him. “Thanks for that, by the way.”
Without a certain cocktail of illicit substances, Sherlock wouldn’t be able to sleep on the plane, but he could do his best to quiet his brain. John was next to him, seemingly relaxed after the last few sips of scotch. He was wearing an old button-up and tweed trousers (had to change his shirt after Rosie spilled her oatmeal on the first, he deduced), and the two of them were on a case, an international one at that, alone together. Like the early days. The familiarity soothed him.
“Did you find this in the attic?” John’s eyes were shining as he looked up to his daughter. His brilliant, talented, intuitive, lovely daughter.
He’d lost Sherlock far too many times already, and for whatever reason, he was back, within John’s grasp. And even, he conceded, even if Sherlock didn’t want him forever, John would settle for having Sherlock for this day. Hopefully, by the end of it,
Oh, jesus. Unfortunately, he knew where this was going, and he didn’t want to go near to thinking about it. “No, no. Absolutely not.”
The instant the words are said, John knows he doesn’t want it. He doesn’t want to live in Harry’s shadow. He could sell it, rent it-
He couldn’t make noise or get out of the closet now. It would only escalate the situation and potentially place John in more danger. Sherlock worked on loosening the knots around his wrists behind his back while he observed.
Outside, Sherlock presses John into the white stone wall and throws a cup of cold water on his face. The cold blast catapults John into the current moment. “Jesus, what was that for?” John spits, wiping his face with his suit sleeve. He doesn’t have anything left in him to give. If Sherlock wants to scream at him, or punch him, or tell him he never wants to see him again, or throw more water on his face, John doesn’t care. He wants it. He’s itching for a reaction.
