John was torn between walking back to Baker Street or getting a cab to the house in Northwood. He hadn’t sent a follow up to Sherlock, hadn’t told him that the message wasn’t meant for him (because it was, in all honesty, wasn’t it?), and Sherlock had, of course, answered as if everything was normal. They needed to talk.
That after losing him for two years, and Mary being part of his grieving and moving on process, she still didn’t seem to understand what he meant to him. Lying about her name he could deal with. The problems of her past are her business, after all, and they seemed almost inconsequential in comparison.
Sherlock ponders over this for a long while, absentmindedly adding three nicotine patches to his arm. His heart and his mind are at odds with each other, which is a feeling he isn’t used to at all; while his heart is singing at John’s love confession (take that, Mary), his traitorous mind is terrified that John still
anything until… this… but I had suspicions. This killer knew things that only I should know about my brother.’
Faltering once before he makes up his mind, Sherlock slips off his suit jacket and shoes before sitting on the bed next to John, propped up against the headboard, legs stretched out in front of him. He rests a pillow on his knees to steady his laptop and continues to work the case, searching for any connection between the victims, either to each other or to himself. An hour trawling through social media gives him nothing so he sends a message to Mycroft, demanding that he finds Mary’s killer
John’s resolve hadn’t lasted long, of course, and the next evening after work he had headed to Baker Street determined to talk through his feelings (he shudders at the thought).
Mycroft, who is still keeping quiet to avoid Eurus’s focus, frowns at her description of her relationship with his younger brother. “Close” was not the word he would choose to describe her abusive treatment of him.
‘Your forensics team arrived ahead of you and have been allowed to work, under the supervision of my people. I want to see any evidence you find immediately.’
‘John, no-one is here to judge you for your actions’, Dr Farrell assures, ‘and it’s understandable that you were feeling betrayed, but do you understand why Mary felt abandoned during a very vulnerable time? She was going through her first pregnancy, with all the risks her advanced aged could bring.’
But he does hear it, and he can’t deny how much that little confession means to him. He takes another gulp of his beer. ‘What you just said? That was… good.’
‘I’m so sorry, Mycroft.’ Greg puts a hand on his arm in an attempt to be supportive. The government man looks down, unaccustomed to being touched, and when he meets Greg’s eyes the detective can see the shine of unshed tears. Mycroft looks shaken, knuckles white on the handle of his umbrella. Lestrade has never seen him looking so… human. Caring is not an advantage, indeed, but it seems the elder Holmes isn’t immune.
John sighs. How can his friend understand so much about the motivation behind a crime, but be completely clueless when it comes to the feelings of his friends? ‘No, I’m not. I’m leaving Mary. I’m going to talk to her tonight, pack up my stuff, and go to a hotel for a few days.’
‘No joke’, he turns to his friend, ‘I’m sorry, Sherlock, but they should know why I’ve left her. He looks back at Mrs. Holmes, ‘Oh, and she’s not pregnant either. Just another one of her bloody lies.’
Sherlock’s eyes glaze over as he contemplates this and says, ‘They must be particularly vast. He has an impressive amount of data on a lot of people. Plenty about me that’s not on record; presumably acquired from Mary through blackmail.’ He avoids looking at John’s hurt expression. ‘The way he can recite information about anyone he’s looking at means he must have a digital filing system nearly as impressive as my mind palace, and it’s somehow linked to his glasses…’ He looks equal parts impressed and begrudging of the idea that another person could have so much information on other people without having to delete facts about the solar system to make room for it.
Sherlock gets up and kneels in front of John’s chair, ‘We’ll find their killer and then we’ll have a funeral. You have time to come up with a name.’ He squeezes John’s hand, sitting clenched on his knee.
this case, you agree to drop the charges. Or you can put me back on that plane now.’ He’s bluffing, of course. He would rather chase his tail with a boring hacking case than be sent on a suicide mission, but he really
Thanks to an attack on the pavement and a smokey wake up in a bonfire, John had never made it into 221B that night, but he
Eurus just smiles. ‘You have to admit, it was a brilliant plan; copying his cases. Took some time to find the appropriate stand-ins, but I think it was worth it, don’t you?’
‘And you don’t believe in coincidences,’ John responds, earning a smile from Sherlock. ‘Hang on, are you even allowed to work other cases? Should you be totally focussed on the… video broadcast.’ John can’t say the bastard’s name.
Greg Lestrade calls, and Sherlock whispers into the phone so as not to wake John. The D.I. wants them to know he is taking on Mary’s case, as well as their active serial, regardless of whether the two turn out to be linked. His voice is gruff and Sherlock deduces that he has spent some time crying.
Drugs are, of course, out of the question, and he’s trying not to smoke so John can’t complain that he
‘I know, and I don’t mean to upset you now, but do you know where she went when she was adopted? The records are... unavailable.’ he avoids telling her the truth as to why. ‘Did you ever have any contact with her?’
‘Jesus Christ. I was not expecting that’, his blogger says, stopping dead when he sees the victim. He blows a breath out through his lips harshly, composing himself. He’d seen some awful things during his military career, but nothing quite like this.
‘Well, no, but I’m pregnant!’ she points out, as if nobody had noticed. ‘Besides, I did what I did for him.’
But now… There was very little trust left between them, and then there was Mary. Kind, funny, sweet Mary, who had saved him when Sherlock had died. He’s not a cheat, never has been, but he leaned into that kiss and who knows how far it would have gone if Sherlock hadn’t pulled away. They need to talk, but he honestly has no idea where he wants the conversation to go. Maybe it was just an experiment for Sherlock, trying to see if he could get John to walk away from a fiancée for him, just like he’d walked away from all of his girlfriends (or at least pushed them so far away that they dumped him).
‘I knew you were bisexual when I first met you, just as I knew that you’d never act on it. You were attracted to me and clearly interested in taking things further but at the time it wasn’t what I thought I wanted. That, and I assumed that you would probably panic if I took you up on it. Quite correctly I might add.’ He smirks, pleased with himself when he sees the heat flush John's cheeks.
‘Confused, irritated, angry’, John admits, ‘and… hopeful, yeah’, he tacks on the end. ‘Last night we built the cot together.’ More accurately, John had built the cot whilst Mary sat in the rocking chair giving orders. Not that John is complaining, she
were out shopping and were stabbed in the back, probably while in a queue in some god-awful clothing store’, he explains. ‘The blade was so fine and sharp they wouldn’t have felt a thing. Like skewering a joint of beef, except when a skewer is pulled out the juices begin to flow, so why didn’t they bleed?’ he asks rhetorically. ‘Because they were bundled up in their winter coats, my mother’s hideous purple contraption’, he indicates the coat on the floor by the rack, ‘and my father’s military green. My mother has a habit of wearing coats and jackets with a webbing belt pulled far too tight – she thinks it gives her the illusion of a waist’, he huffs indignantly. ‘My father has not bought clothes for himself in the last thirty years, and my mother has always bought him trousers that are too big, causing him to fashion them
‘John! At last.’ He flicks on the kettle for tea, grabbing the plates, kitchen roll, and one of the Cobra beers that he’d picked up for John.
‘Then I deleted her…’ Sherlock assumes, because he remembers getting Redbeard, he remembers being happy again.
him, he had suddenly realised so many little things about her that didn’t sit right with him. The subtle little digs she’d been aiming at Sherlock, and John’s friendship/working relationship with him. Were they really there, or was John trying to justify the thoughts going through his mind? The thoughts about packing his bag and returning to Baker Street where they would no longer require two bedrooms.
‘If she hadn’t been sent away she would have killed him before long, I have no doubt. While she was having an evaluation I searched her room. There were drawings of a house on fire – our house, and there was a curly haired figure in the window of Sherlock’s room, screaming. She drew this over and over again, and stored them in her desk drawer with a box of matches. You’re right, Detective Inspector, I felt so guilty for not believing him, I’ve barely let him out of my sight ever since.’
John sits back down, close to Sherlock, holding the divorce papers in his hands. He has everything he has wanted for the past twelve months (or five years, if he’s honest): his deceitful wife has left their lives, the child (that he never truly wanted) doesn’t exist, and the man that stuck him in a bonfire, on Guy Fawkes night, for
Sherlock is crying silently now, staring at his forearms, trying to see the scar, the right one itching again. He’s remembering, albeit in bits and pieces. John moves to sit next to him on the window seat, arms pressed together.
‘So when this murder happened’, John surmises, ‘I’m the only one who thought that this was how The Woman died.’
to know that now, once and for all, before he has the dubious honour of being John’s best man (of course John would ask him, who else was there?). It would be like watching his own autopsy happen in front of him: his heart expertly carved out of his chest, weighed and measured before the guests.
The blood has soaked through the mattress to the floor below. Sherlock had been expecting another shooting when Lestrade had called him in; the last thing he expected to see was the sight before him now. The victim’s severed head rests under her right arm, the eyes wide open. There’s a pair of suspiciously blood free, violin-shaped earrings, hanging from her lobes. Sherlock takes a deep breath in, momentarily dizzy. His mind races with thoughts of Irene Adler, and the fate that had so nearly befallen her. Never before has a crime scene affected him like this.
‘Mycroft. We shouldn’t be talking about this. Classified. Forget I mentioned it. He turns to Dr Farrell, ‘Please don’t write this down, this can’t be on the record.’
‘God, I was so blind.’ John’s eyes wander across the garden, fixing on the dark green arbour in the south-east corner where he has often found Sherlock stretched out in his thinking pose or watching over his hives. He loves him so much it hurts.
John places a cup on Sherlock’s side table, lightly touching his shoulder to attract his attention before settling into his own disused and dusty chair, and taking a long sip of his tea.
The kitchen is now so quiet you could hear a pin drop, as everyone stops to listen as Sherlock recites the details of his parent’s murders.
Factoring in the time it would have taken John to get back to Northwood, the inevitable crying (he rolls his eyes at the thought) and then a cab back into the city to a hotel (not too central, John wouldn’t spend more than he had to), Sherlock concludes that he shouldn’t start worrying for another thirty-to-forty minutes. This knowledge calms him down a little and he flops onto the sofa, grinding the cigarette out on the table. Must remember to clean that up before John comes home.
‘John’, Sherlock says, ‘Molly is right, but maybe…’, he glances at Molly, eyes pleading with her to agree to his next request, ‘… maybe she can let you see her through the viewing window. Would that be okay?’
be her. But he knows, deep down, there is no other option. Despite what his brother thinks, Mycroft has
‘Though I have never fired one either, I do believe I have some experience with that particular weapon,’ Sherlock states, rubbing the fingers of his right hand over the scar on his chest. ‘I was also lucky that the bullet stayed in my body, and even more fortunate that you were there.’
‘We must have done something very good in a previous life. Or very bad, depending on how you look at it’, he grins. ‘Today isn’t just thirty years since we met though, is it?’
‘I met Magnussen while I was in hospital. I promised to deliver my brother’s laptop to him, for a fee. He wants Mycroft. Mycroft’s pressure point is me, mine is you, and yours is your “pregnant” wife. If Magnussen owns Mary, he owns Mycroft. But if he has Mycroft, he no longer needs Mary. This’, he waves the laptop, ‘is the price we pay to keep Mary safe.’
The pathologist is flitting about nervously, putting on her lab coat and then taking it off again, suddenly too warm. She picks up the file to have something to do with her hands and puts it down again when she realises how much her hands are sweating. Sherlock sits down and gestures for John and Molly to do the same. He expects that Molly will be addressing John, but the first thing she does is turn to
Sherlock chokes on the mince pie he is stuffing his face with, spraying pastry crumbs over his black shirt. Mrs. Holmes turns to look at him with curiosity, but John distracts her easily by praising her baking skills, distinctly aware that the entire Holmes family are uniformly susceptible to flattery.
The three of them enter the property together, not one bothering to don the protective cover suit, but for once Anderson doesn’t gripe.
‘Oh, I’m used to that, John. Cooking is my department. I was just making some tea; would you mind taking one through to Mary? And you must call me “Mummy”, dear.’
His mother begins to stir at the sound of his shout. Mycroft sits beside her, helping her to lean back against the sofa.
Sherlock blinks rapidly, as though he’s trying to clear something from his eyes, and his brain goes offline. He can feel a bolt of –
‘Lestrade. Another shooting, possibly related to our cabbie. The Jade Palace Gallery on New Bond Street.’ He grabs his Belstaff and scarf, elegantly flipping his coat on like it’s a cloak.
John doesn’t know if it’s possible to save their marriage, but with a baby on the way, he has to try. Therapy is all about being honest with each other and with your therapist, but when your therapist doesn’t have the security clearance to be told the truth about the issues that bring you to her, well… that only makes the whole process ten times harder than it already is. And it’s already damn hard: John hates talking about his emotions and feelings, almost as much as Sherlock does, and anything Mary says has to be taken with a pinch of salt.
After declining John’s invitation to eat with them, their landlady returns to her flat, leaving John to dish up the delicious smelling lamb stew into large bowls, tearing off chunks of the bread for their side plates. He finds a reasonably good Shiraz in the bottom cupboard, behind some beakers, (how long has that been there?) and he pours them a glass each, before sitting down at the table and waiting for Sherlock to join him.
‘I don’t know how – frankly I don’t care – but she’s said the charges will be dropped if I work this case. Nobody said I can’t multitask – I’m a genius, after all.’ He smiles, wickedly, taking a bite of his samosa, following it up with some with a sip of his tea. He hates eating while on a case, and John has never failed to find the right things to temp him with.
‘The ballistics report came in just before you got up. The round was a .380ACP from a Walther PPK, fitted with a silencer.’
‘Calm down, both of you. Gregory, why don’t you search the garden while we go over the rest of the house.’ It’s not a suggestion from Mycroft, simply an order.
For once it’s Sherlock that is completely dumbfounded, unable to get his head around what he is reading. The abject confusion on his face is such a rare sight, John chokes back an entirely inappropriate, nervous laugh.
‘Delayed action stabbing’, he whispers, some admiration for the technique, if not for the killer themselves. ‘Where’s the note?’
Sherlock, who hadn’t drunk anywhere near as much as John, had slept for little over three hours, waking when he heard John in the upstairs toilet.
necessary to repeat me? Yes, I’ll wait. If it’s him, he’ll come to me. If it’s his people, they’ll come to me. Whoever else it may be will most probably come for me, too. I need to be back at Baker Street for that to -’
There’s an awkward silence in the room as the other guests pick up on the tension. John takes a big gulp of his drink before grabbing his coat from the hook. ‘Ready?’
a doctor, and I know a pregnant woman when I see one. You are not now, nor have you ever been, pregnant.’ John smiles that smile that has no trace of affection in it, only anger and pity. She underestimated John Watson. He can’t say exactly when he knew. There had been the early suspicions when he was convinced they had always used protection, and when she wouldn’t allow him to examine her, or to come to the doctor’s office for the official confirmation. Then there were the scans he was never allowed to attend, a complete lack of morning sickness or any other symptoms, the fact that she broke into Magnussen’s office and attempted to murder Sherlock during the risky early stages of her supposed pregnancy, and something in the way she carried herself recently that just didn’t ring true. When he had seen her that morning, for the first time in weeks, he had simply known.
Towards the end of the second week John has been at Baker Street they begin to have nightly whiskey rituals; a glass or two in front of the fire, in the lamp light. It’s easier to talk when it’s almost dark, and with Dutch courage running through their veins. They talk about Mary and their complicated relationship with her – Sherlock confesses he liked her because she was keenly intelligent, and she made John happy. John snorts at that. He thinks he was happy a long time ago.
‘No’, he gives Sherlock a pointed look, ‘It’s what you think of yourself.’ When Sherlock fails to respond, Mycroft continues, ‘I have, by the way, a job offer I should like you to decline.’
His last fare had been a nightmare: a batty old woman who had talked about her cats incessantly for the full forty minute drive. At least she’d paid him extra to convince him to break his “no south of the river after nine pm” rule. He sighed as he pulled into a parking space at the end of Porlock Street;
‘This is my story, Mycroft. Please do be quiet. If my parents had loved me, then they wouldn’t have given me away when I was just three years old! They took me away from my beloved brother, and I was all alone. I had no-one to play with for years and years.’
‘Oh, Sherlock.’ John pulls him into a hug, placing a delicate kiss on his forehead. Sherlock pouts, attempting to be offended at John’s pitying gesture, but is truthfully revelling in the contact.
‘It was a contingency plan. That’s all. I was still hoping for physical vaults’, Sherlock looks away, abashed.
yet he still spent every day trying to convince me to forgive you and move back in with you.’ He doesn’t say move back
‘I see’, he says, without blame. He knew as soon as he’d seen the Detective Inspector’s face. ‘I’ll wait here for him, then. My brother and I need to talk. I’ll let you go about your business in there’, he inclines his head towards the house behind him, ‘I’ve seen more than I ever wanted to today.’
‘Of course’, Greg responds, happy to defer to the government official. He had always had a lot of respect for Mycroft, ever since the days they worked together to get Sherlock clean.
It had taken four hours to end things with Mary and get his belongings packed up. He knew Sherlock would be going out of his mind with anxiety by now, but as soon as he got in the cab, John realised his phone was dead.
until you interfered. Skip forward a few years, and you have all the resources of the British Government at your disposal, yet you never once tried to find me. Quite the opposite, in fact, you
Sherlock raises his eyebrow in challenge, but behind the confident facade the mind palace version of himself is pale and trembling, his hands sweating, and he’s possibly more afraid than he’s ever been in his life. In all honesty he’s terrified that John will walk away and never come back. What on Earth was he thinking? John is getting married, he’s happy, and Sherlock could have stayed in his life as his best friend, they could still have solved cases together… But he ruined it all in a moment of weakness.
John is already digging into his plate of lamb bhuna, while riveted to Sherlock’s explanation of the case and eagerly awaiting more information. Sherlock wishes he had something to give him, something that would provide his danger quotient for the week. ‘Obviously a premeditated crime… will probably turn out to be very dull – a spurned lover, or some such tedium. But the gun is interesting. Not that much gun crime in London, and certainly not in a wealthy neighbourhood like that. The occasional burglary, as you might expect when house prices are in the millions… I just thought that you might like the call back to our early days, when everything was… fun. Easy.’
The three men in the room have matching expressions of horror on their faces. Even Mycroft, with his derision for all things sentimental, can’t imagine what it would be like to not know one emotion from the other.
Now it’s time to take a break, time to give Mycroft the chance to work out what is going on (he really is the smart one), time to lull them into a false sense of security. Let them think Mary was endgame.
Sherlock chuckles to himself as John heads into the bathroom, pleased he managed to make John laugh again. Having been used to John’s habits when they lived together, he knows he’ll be in the shower for around forty-seven minutes, assuming he doesn’t masturbate (which Sherlock is decidedly
Despite neither of them being convinced it was worth the money, Tuesday finds John and Mary once again seated on Dr Erin Farrell’s cream sofa. There are glasses of water on the table in front of them, condensation misting the glass; the room is always just that little bit too warm. Dr Farrell has coffee on her side table, yet has never offered one to them.
Though that wasn’t really any different before he moved out. He spent so much of his honeymoon messaging his
Day by day the John that Sherlock loves starts to emerge from his shell and they begin sharing breakfasts together the way they did when they were flatmates. John hasn’t mentioned going home or back to work. Slowly John begins to spend more time downstairs with Sherlock, bantering over the crap telly and eating far too much take away. Mrs Hudson has been mothering them more than usual. After Sherlock brings John toast and tea in bed, John finally calls him out on how weird it is to be looked after by him – cooking, cleaning, tidying, and dragging John out for walks. Sherlock is somewhat put out, feeling that his efforts aren’t appreciated, but John’s smile let’s him know that he’s joking.
‘I realised I’d made a mistake when I deduced you had shot the cabby for me, but by then I’d already given you the
Without a word shared between them, Mycroft leads him through the tastefully decorated flat to the bedroom at the back. Sherlock looks at his brother with a cocked eyebrow when he doesn’t move to follow him in.
‘Oh shut up, you git, I’m going. You know, despite the fact that you’re a complete arse, it’s been good to be here with you again, working a case.’
‘Why are you doing all this? It’s not about Magnussen, is it? Pushing me to forgive Mary, giving her the memory stick back… Why?’
With a renewed sense of purpose, he begins tidying the flat, stacking old piles of sheet music and magazines, sweeping the floor, and even throwing away the, somewhat putrid, kidney experiment. He’ll need to disinfect the fridge.
She nods, excusing herself to prepare, thankful that Mary’s small wound will be hidden from view. The only sign that the body on the table died a violent death is her wide open eyes, and with a gloved hand, Molly gently closes them. She opens the curtains on the window that looks onto the viewing room next door, knowing that Sherlock would have already guided John through. Rather than wait in the morgue, Molly leaves the sheet back from Mary’s face and enters the room to be with John.
‘Well I’m bloody coming with you, too’, Lestrade pipes up, put out at the fact that secrets have been kept from him on his own case. Seeing the expression on Mycroft’s face, he cuts him off before he has a chance to decline, ‘This is
John’s vision becomes blurry as his eyes prickle with tears. He plays absentmindedly with the platinum ring on his left hand, a coping mechanism he uses to ground himself when he is struggling with emotions. He hates to think of what might have been. He has Sherlock now, and they have both never been happier.
‘It’s alright, Mrs Hudson, I’ve got to get going anyway.’ Greg puts his glass down, putting on his jacket, followed quietly by Molly, who hasn’t spoken a word since putting her foot in it with Mary.
Mycroft is silent, guilt clear on his features, though he holds his ground and doesn’t break eye contact with John. Sherlock is watching John and he can see the exact moment that the former soldier makes up his mind. So can Mycroft.
Sherlock bites at his bottom lip, his nervousness clear in his aqua-green eyes. He dares not ask for fear he won’t receive the answer he so desperately craves.
John brings Sherlock’s hand up to his lips, planting a soft kiss on the knuckles. ‘I know’, he whispers.
Mycroft nods, looking at his smoke in disgust, ‘I’m still curious, though. He’s hardly your usual kind of puzzle. Why do you ... hate him?’
They return to the living room where the wedding talk is still in full swing; the ladies squashed together on the sofa talking about the colours and the flowers, and Lestrade is sitting in the chair by their side, looking as though he’d rather be anywhere else. Sherlock picks up another bottle from the coffee table, popping the cork and filling Greg’s glass, earning him a grateful smile. Sherlock tunes into Mrs. Hudson’s excited twittering.
John makes the appointment with the receptionist, and catches up with Mary on the street outside. She’s walking away, despite the fact that they’ll need a cab to get home. John steps in front of her.
‘I want her to love this flat as much as I do. It’s still home to me.’ John smiles, stealing a bit of the untouched bread on Sherlock’s plate. Sherlock looks put out, hurrying to eat it before John can steal more.
‘She did. Once. But I could never forgive her for trying to kill the man I…’ John trails off and coughs awkwardly. ‘… the man I… care about. More than I should. More than a married man should care about his best friend.’
Making a conscious effort to put his mind back on the case, Sherlock sends messages to Lestrade and Dimmock, requesting a list of personnel associated with both the “Study in Pink” case, and the Black Lotus, along with anything else that wasn’t in the files. After staring for an interminable length of time at the documents he had collated while John had slept that morning, he can feel the beginnings of a headache encroaching. Giving in to the (frankly unreasonable) demands of his transport, he takes a break from his visual analysis of the files, stretching out on the sofa and slipping into his mind palace instead.
Naturally she told everyone that you’d destroyed your violin, and Mummy believed her, but I knew you loved it more than you loved anything, and the incident reignited my previous concern that someone had been hurting you. I began to follow the two of you everywhere.’
nine months pregnant. Still, finalising their daughter’s room seemed to bring them somewhat closer together; a sentiment that is mirrored in their positions on the sofa; closer to the middle than they were the previous week.
Sherlock has filled a suitcase with far more clothes than John will need for two weeks. John adds the toiletry bag then asks Sherlock to give him a moment. At first Sherlock is reluctant to leave him alone, and John gives him a tight smile, silently reassuring the detective that he’s okay. Once alone, John once again ignores all of Mary’s belongings in the room, reaching under the bed to where he keeps an old shoebox. He’s had it since he was in medical school and it’s been taped back together many times, rather than simply changed for a new one. Inside the box there are some photos from the army, along with his dog tags, a photo of him with his mother, and some newspaper clippings of him and Sherlock that he collected together after his “death”. A candid photo of the two of them, snapped by Lestrade, also sits in the box. He takes an ultrasound pic from the bedside table, and a fluffy bee from the nursery, an early baby present from Sherlock. He places them in the top of the box and places the box in his duffel, covering it with a jacket.
‘I’ll call her on my way. She needs to look up the paperwork for Jeff Hope’s autopsy’, he shouts over his shoulder as he walks back to the main road to hail a cab.
‘Sherlock! At long last. You’ve been pestering me every hour for the last week for cases you could solve from home, which I know better than to question, then today you ignore all my texts. Where the hell have you been?’
Sherlock looks stricken, the memory of his parents believing he had been capable of such acts of cruelty. Back then he had been a quiet, soft, kind-hearted child, and he loved animals. He had his scientific mind and his curiosity, but he would never –
John has been sitting on the bench in an almost Sherlockian trance for long enough for him to start to shiver – despite the mild summer evening – thanks to his still soaking wet clothes. When he pulls out his phone he realises he’s been sitting there for nearly two hours. He also notices there are no texts from Sherlock, which is unexpected, he would have thought there would have been demands for his presence, at the very least.
‘Sherlock, if this is personal, if we’re in danger, then I need to be at home with Mary. I know it’s my job to have your back, but I can’t leave her alone again, not when she could go into labour at any time.’
Mary is lying as she was yesterday, with the sheet pulled back to reveal her face. She looks at peace now, and John knows that’s simply her facial muscles relaxing over time, but it soothes him. He reaches under the sheet to hold her hand and closes his eyes, as though speaking to her in his mind. Molly and Sherlock stand back against the wall, giving John the privacy he needs if he wants to talk to his wife. It isn’t long before he releases her hand, kissing her forehead and pulling the sheet over her face.
‘This is going to be hard to hear, but Mary isn’t who we thought she was. Her name isn’t really Mary and she has a rather… colourful past.’ He stops, unsure of how much he should tell her, then decides sod it: she has a right to know. ‘My wife was an assassin. She shot people for a living.’
Sherlock can scarcely breathe, this moment feels too good to be true. The brightness is returning to his eyes and a smile is starting to form on his lips.
Erin interrupts them before they can start arguing again, ‘I’d like to talk more about this betrayal in the next session. It’s clearly integral to your decision to be here, so you need to find some way you can discuss it with me, if you really want me to be able to help.’ She looks at them both over the top of her thick framed glasses, like a school mistress, before letting the subject drop.
he had lost his daughter but he had assumed she was still safely cocooned inside of Mary’s womb, to be buried there with her. Being confronted with her as a separate entity is too much.
‘Of course she is. You know she’s always trying to fatten me up’, Sherlock responds, taking in John’s haggard appearance;
‘I think we need to talk, Sherlock’, Mycroft says to his brother, turning away from the officers in the kitchen and striding back out to the front drive.
‘For fuck’s sake, Mycroft, you can’t just take this away from me and pretend it never happened. Are you actively
As expected, Sherlock responds in a fraction of a second, as though he had the message already prepared to send. He probably did.
Sherlock can’t work out what’s going on with John, but he’s acting most strange. First the polite request to visit, and now the quiet insistence that not only will Sherlock eat, he will do it at the kitchen table! They
Doctor John Watson (looking relaxed in beige chinos and a short-sleeved checked shirt) sips from his large glass of full-bodied Shiraz, the smile on his face emphasising the deep lines around his eyes and mouth that have come from years of laughter, rather than worry. His hair is completely silver now and has grown out from his traditional military cut. Sherlock prefers it this way, and who is he to argue with the great detective.
‘Hmm, emotions. Messy little things I try not to get involved in. Which one is pain?’ she asks, genuinely curious as to how pain feels to lesser human beings. To her, everything is either fun or dull. And
Sherlock doesn’t respond, eyes glazed over as his mind retreats from the room, momentarily lost in a memory of his beloved dog.
‘It’s my fault, all of this...’, he sobs, ‘...everything, all of it.’ He looks at John, his features telegraphing his guilt, ‘Mary, too.’
Lestrade sighs, throwing his hands up in an expression of defeat, and goes into the garden as asked. He’s wary of moving about too much, in case he disturbs evidence. Sod what Mycroft Holmes has to say, he’s
‘I did. And I should probably be speaking to Mary first, but quite frankly I’m a coward’, he holds his hand up to stop Sherlock’s attempt to interrupt, ‘No, I am. When it comes to telling my fiancée that I just kissed my best friend, I’m a coward. So, I’m here.’
John and Mary are the last to arrive, and despite the others having already toasted Sherlock’s return, Mary announces their engagement as soon as they walk in. The news is like a spear to Sherlock’s heart, yet through the pain he makes the celebration all about them, pouring more champagne and toasting the happy couple. He’s dying on the inside, and he knows that John can see it when his friend makes a point of telling him that he never actually proposed to Mary, that she plucked the ring from his pocket and started wearing it. Interesting, Sherlock thinks. Why tell him this? Surely he was planning to propose anyway so it makes no difference how it eventually happened. At least the information gives Sherlock something to deduce.
Sherlock jumps, banging his head against the refrigerator door, knocking to the floor a bundle of takeaway menus and the magnet that had secured them. He spins round, hair a riot of knotted curls sticking up at all angles, his eyes red and swollen, mucus still running from his nose. He’s never felt more self-conscious in his life, and he hurriedly wipes his nose on his sleeve, unable to speak.
‘You were amazing today, Sher’, he manages to say, voice thick with emotion. ‘I appreciate it more than you can know. Couldn’t have got through it without you.’
Their second round is drunk in near silence, both men lost in their thoughts, but by the third John has begun to open up about his therapy appointments with Mary, and how he wasn’t sure whether it was all worth it. Sherlock can see the guilt radiating from him like an aura. Being almost ready to divorce Mary and then losing her in such a way… He wanted her gone, but not like this. Never like this. John tells Sherlock how he was so unsure about being a dad, and how the prospect of being a happy family filled him with terror.
Mycroft raises an eyebrow but doesn’t respond. He simply takes out his phone and types a quick message, nodding once at John. Sherlock, having waited for Mycroft’s response, gets up and grabs John’s arm, dragging him out into the hallway outside the kitchen.
!’ he begins, struggling as Eurus slaps her hand over his mouth, leaving behind a layer of duct tape.
Mary looks hurt and John is surprised to see such a vulnerable expression on her face. He feels a little guilty, though he does have to wonder if it’s an act. She’s fooled him so many times before, he rarely doesn’t truly believe she has an honest bone in her body. But he has to try… for the baby. Tenderly he takes her hands, ‘I’m sorry. I’m
He waits for a reaction to the news, but it’s nothing Sherlock hadn’t already worked out for himself on the way here. Despite having no conscious memory of her, he instinctively knew the killer was his sister, not another brother. He scratches at his arm again, catching himself this time. ‘Eurus. The east wind’, he says, obviously knowledgeable in Greek mythology, just as he is knowledgeable about almost everything else. The east wind. Why is that familiar?
‘Are you sure you don’t want to do this alone?’ Mycroft asks his brother, once he is settled into the leather seat behind his desk at the Diogenes. John and Greg take the chairs opposite, while Sherlock stands in front of the window which looks out over the small courtyard behind the building.
One thing he is sure of: he can’t marry Mary. He can’t commit himself to someone when his heart already belongs to his best friend. He can’t go through every day being married to one person while loving someone else, and he knows he’ll never be able to stop loving Sherlock.
‘What?! How is that possible? I shot from a different building, through a bloody pane of glass! This shot was, what? Fifty yards?’
‘He never causes too much damage to anyone important. He’s far too intelligent for that. He’s a businessman, that’s all, and occasionally useful to us. A necessary evil – not a dragon for you to slay.’
‘Yes, I think that was the first time you had completely wiped something from your mind. It helped that all traces of Eurus were removed from the house, and nobody ever mentioned her. After she had been gone a year I began to tell you the story about the east wind coming to get you. I was testing you, to see if you remembered her at all. You never did.’
‘I’m sure you would. Meanwhile, I’m trying to decide whether it’s worth keeping you alive, or whether it would be
The sun is rising by the time John remembers to text Mary. He also messages his boss, asking for the day off as he has a terrible sickness bug. He’s almost falling asleep in the morgue, sitting on one of the tall stools at the counter. Sherlock hovers over Molly’s shoulder, watching her take the relevant samples of body fluids, fibres, and fingerprints for analysis, along with blood for toxicology. Sherlock expects them to be about as fruitful as the samples taken from Mr Horningsea. He’s here to see the bullet.
Sherlock is somewhat touched that Lestrade recognised the parallel, and looks up at him in surprise as he becomes aware that Greg must have known all along that it was John that shot Jeff Hope. Greg smiles broadly before coughing and looking away, the moment suddenly becoming awkward as he realises he’s just admitted, as a police officer, to letting a man get away with murder. Sherlock busies himself with texting John to request his presence at Baker Street later; he’s working this afternoon, and Sherlock has learnt not to demand he leaves. He needs that job with a baby on the way, though Sherlock is quite sure that Mary must have access to a significant amount of money from her earlier work, and John has never taken money out of the joint account they accumulated from their private cases. John will like this little reminder of their first case together, and if Sherlock has already solved it by then, well, John doesn’t have to know that.
Greg laughs at the butchering of his moniker, perfectly aware that Sherlock knows his real name, and still none the wiser as to why he refuses to use it. ‘Normally I’d agree with you, but white blokes don’t often get shot in white middle-class neighbourhoods. Almost never, in fact. There’s no drugs on him, or in the car, and his takings are still there. Besides, a cab driver shot in the shoulder… thought that might interest you, for personal reasons.’ He lowers his voice and leans closer to Sherlock, ‘I hope I don’t have to bring John in for this one.’
She sighs, ‘Don’t make me angry, John. It’s really not wise when we are discussing whether I keep you alive or not. I feel very strongly about betrayal, you know.’
Carefully carrying the tea through the old cottage, he knocks on the closed living room door and enters without waiting for a response. Mary is seated on the sofa reading one of Mrs. Holmes’ scientific texts, and probably understanding every word. Her bright red cardigan fits in perfectly with the various Christmas paraphernalia in the room and with the shining red tinsel on the seven-foot spruce in the corner.
‘Party’s over’, Sherlock announces, flopping dramatically into his chair, slouching down with his legs stretched out in front of him, closing his eyes and steepling his fingers beneath his chin.
‘Because you were happy!’ Sherlock yells over the sound of the rotors. ‘There’s no grand plan, John. I just want you to be happy and safe. I owe you that. If we get Magnussen off her back, you can have the life you wanted.’
Sherlock frowns at the juvenile idea of “dating”, but secretly knows he’ll be happy to go along with it because it’s John.
There’s a quiet knock on the door, and Mrs Hudson pokes her head in. ‘John, dear, could you help me with these dishes?’ she asks. She’s carrying a large cooking pot with a plate of home-made bread balanced on the top. She doesn’t speak to Sherlock as she enters the flat, simply shoots him a somewhat exasperated, yet fond, look that John can’t decipher.
Molly steps forward, placing a hand on his arm. ‘I’m so sorry, John.’ she says, pausing before approaching the next subject. ‘The… um… consultant paramedic on the scene… he performed an emergency caesarean… they really did try everything they could to keep your little girl going.’ Molly tells him as her eyes shift to the smaller bundle on the metal table next to Mary.
‘It really is all about you, isn’t it? What about the skull and crossbones the cabbie had?’ Lestrade asks.
‘What on Earth were you trying to achieve?’ He manages to hiss menacingly yet quietly enough not to wake his mother. ‘Committing treason? Risking life imprisonment, for you
‘Good. We don’t need the money, and you know we have a joint account for client payments that you can help yourself to.’
He bristles at the unfamiliar nickname. This must be what she called him when she was young. He has no memory of it at all. ‘I didn’t want
Molly has only just received Mary’s body when John and Sherlock arrive, and she is clearly flustered and unprepared when she sees them there, her mascara smudged from crying, and her hair hastily pulled back in a messy pony tail.
John instinctively knows what he’s trying to ask. ‘I don’t want you, or Mary, to think I’m leaving her for you. I’m calling off the wedding because I love someone else more than I love my fiancée. I’ve never loved her as much as I loved you, and that wasn’t a problem while you were… gone, but now you’re here and you’ve forced me to face the harsh reality of my feelings for you. If I marry Mary now, I’ll never be happy. How can I spend time on cases with my best friend when I know I love him more than my wife?’
Sherlock stands, but instead of following John into the house he pulls him towards him, wrapping him up in his arms.
‘There was something interesting from Lestrade that confirms what I was already thinking: Mei Li had another job. She worked in the T.T. Tsui Gallery at the V&A, specifically with Chinese teapots.’
He should call, he knows he should, but he’s exhausted and too emotionally drained to go through the events of the evening again. He types out a quick response instead.
Mycroft ignores him, knowing what his brother needs, and he smirks when Sherlock takes a deep breath, switching from grieving son to Consulting Detective. He needs to see the scene, to know what happened here.
Mary snorts, ‘Wouldn’t that be novel’, and John has to dig his nails into the palms of his hands to keep himself from responding.
‘No, ballistics will have to compare the bullets after the autopsy, but it appears to be a small calibre handgun.’
There’s really only one option: he needs to stay here and face whatever is coming to him. An angry confrontation may be better than John never speaking to him again (which is exactly what he deserves; his own experiences have taught him that outing someone’s sexuality is generally considered a bit not good).
A light clicks on directly above his head, momentarily forcing him to slam his eyes closed again. When he’s able to adjust to the brightness, he sees the wheelchair he’s tied to with heavy duty rope, his feet strapped to the foot rests. The bare bulb above him creates a small circle of light, encapsulating him and his captor, sitting in a dining room chair opposite, in a bastardised version of their therapy sessions. She has a real gun now, he realises. Little else is visible in the shadows.
John stops at the midway point of the staircase. ‘You’d have to be an idiot not to see it. You love it.’
‘Not immediately apparent, Sir’, Anderson responds, grateful that Sherlock isn’t here to comment on his failings as an investigator, again. Especially considering who the victims are.
‘Not necessarily, it’s an easy enough shot. But why the left shoulder rather than a head shot – almost a guaranteed death, or a chest shot – a larger centre of mass?’
‘Ugh. I really shouldn’t.’ He looks down at his phone, then back up at Sherlock, who uncharacteristically hasn’t rushed off without him. ‘Shit. Okay, come on. I’ll text Mary on the way.’
John shuffles down the stairs as the light through the windows is beginning to fade, taking himself straight into the shower. Sherlock pulls some old clothes out of his wardrobe and leaves them on the toilet seat so John doesn’t have to wear yesterday's clothes. He takes the clothes John has left on the floor and puts them in the washer: voluntarily putting a wash on for the first time in his life. While he’s in the kitchen he flicks the kettle on, taking two mugs from the cupboard on the wall.
‘No. Not once in over thirty years. We thought it would be easier if we didn’t know who they were… Easier for everyone if we cut contact. They didn’t know our names, but we did pass on a lot of detail about her and her unique intelligence. She needed a lot of special care, Myc.’
Mycroft steps in front of him as he heads for the door, and he eventually realises that the people in the room haven’t finished with him. He groans dramatically, refusing to look at his brother and looking at the woman who holds his fate in her hands.
Conversely, John is finding himself more than content in Sherlock’s presence. He’s back where he belongs and he knows he needs to approach the subject with his (potential) flatmate. He allows himself to feel happiness, only to be engulfed in a wave of guilt that almost drowns him. The pain from the death of his daughter will be a constant weight around his neck, but with Sherlock by his side he can weather the storm. And if he’s really lucky, they could have the life they had before the fall: tea and toast, blogging and cases.
All of a sudden the full truth of the tragedy dawns on John. ‘Oh god’, he cries, his voice breaking as his face crumples. He
‘Smaller than my Sig, though not by much. Pretty similar gun, really. The PPK is a compact version of the standard PP, made for concealed carrying. Never fired one myself, mind.’
‘Oh bless you, dear. I’m certainly no saint’, she says with a wink, and Sherlock’s groan can be heard from the kitchen. ‘I better leave you two to work’, she whispers to John, leaving the room just as Sherlock enters from the kitchen, case files under one arm. He’s barefoot now, with his blue dressing gown casually thrown on over the clothes he was wearing earlier.
John smiles, a lopsided broken smile. He leans forward and presses a kiss to Sherlock’s cheek, dangerously close to his lips, before pulling himself up the stairs, leaving Sherlock wondering what the hell just happened.
‘But who would have known about him and the exact placement of the shot that killed him? The officers on the scene?
Dinner starts off with the almost jovial pulling of crackers, which Sherlock quite enjoys (explosions are his thing) and Mycroft thinks is childish. Both boys refuse to wear the hats; Sherlock is rather precious about his curls. They are laughing at Sherlock’s attempts to predict the bad jokes and frustrated by the fact that he knows the answer to all of the trivia. Throughout, there are a number of small touches between them; John even puts his arm around the back of Sherlock’s chair when he takes a break from eating, intermittently running this thumb along his shoulders.
’ Sherlock yells in his usual dramatically loud fashion, smacking his head repeatedly into his hands.
‘Hmm? How did you…?’ Sherlock had been expecting John to berate him for not having gone to bed as promised, yet his doctor has surprised him again. He seems to have seen
‘You’re lovely Mary, you’ll make a wonderful wife, but you know… I hadn’t seen John in nearly two years, and when he came here to tell me he was marrying a
The bedroom, in contrast to the grey floral design in the rest of the property, has a deep purple feature wall behind the bed; though it is far from the “feature” in the room at present.
Sherlock’s heart aches for his friend and the losses he has suffered, though if he believed in karma he may say that Mary had it coming.
The photo shows John tied to a wheelchair, his face contorted as if in pain. There’s barely anything else visible, but Eurus must have sent him this for a reason.
‘Yeah. Not sure it’ll be that interesting for you though, but it’s better than nothing, right?’ When Sherlock doesn’t respond, he continues. ‘Last night there was a shooting in Southwark. A taxi driver having a smoke against his cab, took a bullet to the left shoulder.’
John has successfully managed to avoid his estranged wife all morning and was planning to do so until dinner at the very least. ‘Um… yes of course, I should check on her.’
Sherlock can hardly believe he’d hit send. All of a sudden he’d been pouring his heart out in a message, all of the words he’d been bottling up had sprung free, but he’d never meant to actually send it. Now he’ll lose John for certain: he’ll go back to Mary and tell her he won’t be seeing Sherlock any more, because Sherlock has these pathetic unrequited feelings for him, so they can no longer be friends. Mary will be pleased. He pushes his hands into his hair, tugging at the curls in frustration. Should he call him? Should he run? Should he lock himself in his bedroom and not come out for a year?
Mrs Hudson is there when John steps in through the doorway, as if she’s been waiting to accost him. It pleases her no end to know that Sherlock will be getting a good meal tonight, so mercifully she doesn’t keep John talking for long, only to ask how Mary is doing and how long they have left until her due date. Escaping as soon as he can, John trots up the seventeen stairs to the flat to find Sherlock clearing the coffee table for the food.
Mycroft looks at Sherlock, issuing a challenge to him to lie to his mother, because he sure as hell isn’t going to do it again.
Sherlock looks down at the body at his feet for the first time. ‘The shooter didn’t have to break in, he simply had to smash a window and wait for her to arrive to respond to the alarm.’ The detective begins his usual pace around the body, crouching low then standing quickly, taking a step forward then doing the same again, almost like an exercise routine for his leg muscles. When he completes a lap he pauses at the victim’s head, taking a look at the wound, before starting the process again. His eyes flick up and down her body, reading all of the details at lightning speed:
‘No, Sherlock. I can’t put this off. I need to talk to Mary and then I’ll check into a hotel. That’s non-negotiable. Please understand.’
Over the past several days, Sherlock has been working with John on a speech to deliver to Mary this afternoon. He’d been
haven’t moved on from what happened to Sherlock, you’ve just announced that you trust him more than me, and I’m fat, hormonal, and miserable.’
John had slept through the whole day following his identification of his wife and daughter; the only exception being when he woke to vomit. He was grateful that he had been too busy in those moments to have any conscious thought besides getting to the bathroom. His head is pounding. When he tries to recall the events after seeing the body of his daughter, he finds he can remember very little beyond dragging Sherlock to the pub.
‘Victim is the owner of the gallery, a thirty year-old woman named Mei Li Wang; British born of Chinese heritage. She sells original Chinese paintings and antique ceramics. Lot of money’s worth of goods in here.’
Mrs. Hudson calls that nice young man, Gregory, and the lovely Molly, and starts flitting about the flat talking of champagne and a welcome home party. Sherlock doesn’t have the heart to upset her so he reluctantly agrees.
‘I needed someone who didn’t already know me, didn’t know about everything I went through with you. It was supposed to be about me and Mary. Of course, it still ended up being about you’, he laughs softly.
John immediately bolts from the sofa in the direction of the door, Sherlock’s arm shooting out to stop him from fleeing without hearing what Mycroft has to say. John almost snarls at Sherlock, trying to pull away, before realising for himself that he needs to know where he’s going.
John nods and Molly reaches out to him, pulling him in for a hug. ‘Thank you’, he whispers into her hair, eternally grateful that it is a friend doing this for Mary and their daughter. Molly’s eyes are wet when she steps back, and if Sherlock’s are also, nobody comments on it.
‘I didn’t expect you to stay out all night! Anyone else would think you were having an affair’, she shouts, her voice loud enough to attract the attention of others on the street. ‘You’re never around. What happens if I go into labour and you’re not there?’
While John is watching his friend process the note found on his mother’s body, he is chewing the inside of his mouth in an effort to keep the question on the tip of his tongue at bay. Hands clench by his sides as he counts to ten in his head, but the pressure is building up inside him; the anger and the devastation he feels over Mary’s death, and when he eventually does speak it is barely above a whisper, the anger stealing his voice away.
‘I forced Mycroft to wait for it to turn back on and give me an exact location… He may have also followed the cab on his cameras when you left Mary’s.’ He looks smug for a moment before realising John may consider this an invasion of privacy, and a refusal to listen to John’s feelings. ‘You were gone too long’, he says, by way of explanation.
talk. And maybe that would be easier to do if they weren’t face to face. He’s now walked back to the main road where he can easily hail a taxi, yet he doesn’t raise his arm, he replies to his friend’s text instead.
It’s not long before they are seated side by side again, with John picking at the leftover Indian food, and Sherlock sticking blue-tac to the back of various photographs and reports, ready to form his case wall.
Sherlock risks turning away from Eurus to look behind him at Mycroft, and one shared glance tells him all he needs to know: Mycroft always knew he was the target, and he had entered this building fully prepared to die.
‘We’ll cross that bridge when we come to it – together.’ John puts his hands on Sherlock’s arms, holding him still. ‘We’ll protect her, or jail her for shooting you! We can work with Mycroft, make a case against Magnussen. You don’t go up against him alone. And definitely not with a gun!’
When he comes back through the kitchen John is sitting at the dining table with the two cups of tea. Sherlock flicks his gaze back and forth across him, taking in the dampness in his hair and the chill which is clearly evident on his face.
A few hasty scribbles on the manuscript paper and he has an idea where to start. Lifting the violin to his chin, he begins to play.
Putting the phone on the desk he picks up the landline and calls for room service, ordering a burger and a beer, then heads for a quick shower while he waits. Knowing the staff are likely to arrive whilst he’s still under the water spray, John ensures he’s out in less than fifteen minutes – just in time to hear the knock at the door and the sound of the plate on the metal service tray.
‘I know’, Mycroft responds sombrely, pausing for a moment to let the information sink in. ‘I’m sorry, John. They were gone before the ambulance arrived. Attempts to resuscitate were unsuccessful.’
John is surprised to see that Mary has already left by the time he returns to the kitchen, Sherlock walking closely behind him, their hands almost touching. Mycroft appraises them both, smirking slightly. ‘Shall we be getting that happy announcement at last?’
John takes the tray from Sherlock, leaving him waiting awkwardly in the doorway whilst he puts the plate on the small table.
Mrs Hudson sees him take out a bin bag and nearly has a heart attack – in all the years he’s lived in 221B, she has never seen him do that.
‘Oi!’ John feigns hurt. ‘I guess that’s fair. But these relationships are far more important than my endless parade of women.
Mary had taken the news badly, as expected. There had been tears, from both of them, and a lot of angry shouting from Mary. Each time John thought she had calmed down sufficiently, she would start crying again. He felt awful, he really did. He loved her, and he knows he’s hurt her so much, not just in calling off the engagement and ending the relationship, but to do it because he loves someone else. John had explained the situation repeatedly, just as he had with Sherlock, explained that he wasn’t leaving her for him, just that he was leaving because he had realised to whom his heart really belonged, and to marry her with that knowledge, well, that was just wrong. This seemed to soothe Mary somewhat, and when she had got herself together she admitted that she’d always known how he felt about his best friend, and that it was okay when they thought Sherlock was dead. But the way John looked at Sherlock when he returned, and the fact that he never finished his proposal, gave her cause to believe he might leave.
‘I don’t think you’re seeing things’, John replies, his appetite swiftly reduced as a nervous/exhilarated flutter starts in the pit of his stomach. ‘Shit, these murders really are about our cases. It must be a follower of the blog!’
she sobs loudly, making Sherlock even more uncomfortable than he had been in John’s presence. ‘After everything he went through when
John leans away from her, ‘However; what I could never forgive is what you did to Sherlock. You shot an unarmed man, a man who had shown you nothing but kindness and affection. My best friend and someone you know I love dearly. You were willing to take him from me again.’ He lets go of her hands. ‘For that reason alone, I’m filing for divorce and moving back to Baker Street.’
Sherlock stares straight ahead, left leg twitching nervously until John puts his hand on his thigh to keep it still. His hand stays there for the whole of the two hour journey, a silent comfort, though he has no idea why Sherlock needs comforting, it’s just obvious that he does.
As abruptly as he entered, he leaves again, presumably to take the other cups to his father and brother. John frowns, trying to remember any other time that Sherlock had willingly made him tea (that wasn’t poisoned). Then again, he’s never really seen Sherlock’s interactions with his family before; maybe he’s always this accommodating with them, though John doubts it. He sits back, taking a long gulp of the perfectly made tea.
They return to Baker Street just before five am, hopefully with Lestrade’s report and Anderson’s terrible, out of focus, photos waiting in his inbox for him to look over this morning. John is half-asleep and can barely put one foot in front of the other. He lies down on the sofa, refusing to climb another set of stairs, and by the time Sherlock brings him a cup of tea, he’s fast asleep. Sherlock covers him with a blanket and sits on the floor beside him, laptop in hand.
Mrs. Holmes drinks her tea while John monitors her and is concerned that rather than the colour coming back into her cheeks, she is actually getting paler. He takes her wrist, counting the beats and finding the rate elevated. Her skin is hot and clammy to the touch. She sips more of her tea, hoping it will perk her up, but she’s begun to feel dizzy and places the cup on the side table.
When Sherlock wakes up the next morning, he discovers he is still lying on John’s bed, the laptop on the floor beside him. John is facing him now, eyes still open and dry, though there is focus in them now, and that focus is on him. It’s at that point that Sherlock knows Mrs Hudson was right: John
John tilts his head slightly to the side and frowns at Sherlock in that way he does when he’s failing to grasp a social norm. Sherlock looks down, suitably chastised as he realises John returning to Mary to think about having kissed Sherlock would probably cross a line of what is morally acceptable.
‘You’re gonna clear up?’ he says when his breathing has returned to normal, smiling and attempting to lighten the mood. ‘That’ll be the day.’
He picks up the champagne glass on the desk that he never took a drink out of before, downing the contents in one gulp. He cringes; it truly is vile, but being drunk sounds like a brilliant plan right now. He refills the glass with the remnants of the bottle and drains that too. Alcohol never really has agreed with him. He considers going back to Mrs. Hudson for some company, but he knows she will read him and convince him to
‘I don’t blame you, John. Not really. And I can’t blame Sherlock. He always does what he thinks is best for you. Mycroft should have known he was supposed to keep an eye on you.’
She had immediately offered to get the adoption records unsealed, but of course, that will not be possible. When Mycroft had first taken on a position with some power, almost 20 years ago, he had immediately deleted all records pertaining to the girl he hadn’t seen since he was eleven. Never wanting a connection between the two of them to be established, it seemed like the pertinent thing to do at the time.
John’s eyes widen as he understands what Sherlock is implying. He swallows, feeling like he can’t get enough air, unable to take his eyes off Sherlock’s chest, despite him being covered with a shirt. His left hand starts to flex on his leg in an effort to keep himself calm. Sherlock recognises the beginning of a panic attack, and mentally kicks himself for not keeping his mouth shut.
he nearly died twice to protect Mary, and almost threw his life away to keep her safe. Her and our baby.’
‘I expect so’, Sherlock replies, not altogether unprepared for this eventuality. ‘It wasn’t me’, he smirks.
Mrs. Hudson had long-since passed, Greg and Molly both retired (together and with grandkids) and Mycroft, still running the country at the ripe old age of seventy-one, the ever-present Anthea on hand to help with the legwork.
observed, for once. ‘Ah, yes, the shirt, of course. I’ll have you know I managed over four hours, thank you.’
‘I… thought that you were forgiving Mary, and I didn’t know if you would keep this from her.’ He looks away sheepishly, ‘I couldn’t be sure where you placed your loyalties’.
Lestrade joins them after hearing John’s shouts, knowing how easy his anger can be tipped over into violence. ‘Everything alright in here?’, he asks, redundantly, as he can already see the blood soaking through the cloth against Mycroft’s face.
The government official is sitting at his eight-seater dining table, the jacket of his grey pinstripe suit thrown haphazardly over the back of another chair and his shirt sleeves rolled to the elbows, idly running his fingers over a deep gash in the beautiful oak. He curses his brother and the time he decided to aggravate Mycroft by playing with his antique fencing swords. He should have made him pay for a new table, but the older man is indescribably fond of this one.
‘Whoa! Wasn’t expecting that.’ John turns in Sherlock’s arms so they are facing each other, and they both begin to sway to music only they can hear.
what I mean!’ He gives a side glance to Erin, who is watching them out of the corner of her eye as she writes in quick shorthand in her notebook. The topic of the best friend appears to be a volatile one for both of them. She looks up when she realises they’ve stopped speaking.
Sherlock doesn’t make eye contact with John, not wanting him to see how much this scene has affected him. Instead, he speaks to Lestrade, ‘Yes, they’re all linked to me. To us. The cabbie shot in the shoulder – Jeff Hope; the Chinese woman who worked with teapots – Soo Lin Yao; and the dominatrix – Irene Adler. Whoever this killer is, they know things about our past cases that very few people know. Though they don’t know the truth about
As John drinks, Sherlock tells him what Molly had said about the bullet, about the cases most definitely being related.
‘Boss?’ Donovan enters the room, keeping her eyes averted from the body; like Mycroft, she had clearly seen enough. ‘Just spoken to the second victim’s sister, the keyring can’t have been hers, she never owned a red setter – or any dog – she was allergic.’
‘Are we saying this is somehow linked?’ John asks, patiently waiting for Sherlock to answer, but when he speaks again, he ignores the question.
I can’t do this.’ He picks up his jacket from the hook on the back of the door and gives one last look at his best friend who is sitting in his chair and looking as if his world just ended. ‘I’m sorry.’ John jogs down the stairs and out onto the street without looking back.
‘Yes, agreed. How is the writing going? I see you sitting in your office watching me with the hives. Do you actually get any writing done?’ he teases.
The thought hits Sherlock hard as he realises that nothing will ever be the same. In truth, it hadn’t been the same since he returned home from Serbia to find John living with Mary, but he had always hoped…
‘I did. My mother’s coat was on the floor below the rack; she would never have allowed it to lie there, so she must have dropped it as she was… I thought there may be evidence as to what had happened. The note was in her right-hand pocket. The coat is where I found it, for your forensics team, and I wore gloves, naturally.’
details of his cases, but then he doesn’t remember… Still, he is hoping to find incontrovertible proof that this
Sherlock doesn’t want to answer the questions from Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson, about why he was away and how he faked his death, not until he has a chance to properly speak to John, so Mary easily manages to steer the conversation to wedding talk. Before long, though, faking happiness starts to prove too much for him and he disappears to his bedroom to get some quiet and to prepare himself for his statement. After some calming breaths, he’s looking himself over in the mirror, perfecting his curls, and straightening his suit, when he hears John call him from the kitchen. Turning to see his blogger walking down the hallway towards the bedroom, smiling the relaxed, happy smile that Sherlock has been dreaming about for the past two years, he imagines his friend walking down the aisle, where
John visibly reacts to Sherlock’s cold, emotionless voice. He’ll never get used to how the detective keeps himself so detached.
Sherlock opens the message, angling the device so that Mycroft can see the image too. ‘Lestrade!’ he calls, while waiting for the picture to download (honestly, who sends picture messages via MMS these days?).
‘Like I needed somewhere to stay because my wife turned out to be a liar! You betrayed him. You betrayed
‘- days, living apart, and see where we go from there. We can still talk, still go on cases, still go for dinner. Like dating.’
'I don’t even know what that’s supposed to mean.’ He continues down, putting on his gloves as he approaches the front door.
‘You heard me’, he sighs. ‘John… this is going to be incredibly dangerous. One false move and we’ll have betrayed the security of the United Kingdom and be in prison for high treason. Magnussen is quite simply the most dangerous man we’ve ever encountered, and the odds are comprehensively stacked against us.’ He pauses, flicking his fingers in a nervous tick. ‘Considering the fact that you… care about me more than you should… you might not be too happy with my risking life imprisonment, selling state secrets, committing –’
Mycroft heaves a put-upon sigh, ‘Brother mine, the best thing you can do at this juncture is be there for John’, he says, with an uncharacteristic fondness. ‘Please, leave me to do my job.’ he hangs up without waiting for a response.
because he looked like he belonged there. People don’t like to think they’re racists, but a black man would have been noticed.’
when John reacts, looking as though he’s been slapped – face red with either embarrassment or anger, though his pupils are dilated so maybe it’s arousal. Sherlock flicks his eyes down John’s body to look for… other signs.
‘A cabbie shot in the shoulder while on a smoke break. He’d dropped his last passenger off in Southwark at around ten-thirty yesterday evening – I interviewed her today, nothing amiss. The autopsy showed little of any interest, though I did ask Molly to look into something specifically. Her report came through just before you arrived – it’s printed off in the file. The bullet has gone to ballistics, should have some answers in the morning.’ He starts to fill his plate with the finger food that John has laid out. His doctor knows that he is unlikely to eat a full meal, but the onion bhajis are irresistible.
‘Maybe he just didn’t want you around’, Mary sneers, and John glares daggers at her. If looks could kill, they would no longer need to spend money on therapy.
Sherlock understands as soon as he crosses the threshold, and the sight has him immediately reaching for his mobile to call John.
‘Eurus was incredibly intelligent, far more so than you or I’, he says to Sherlock. ‘She was speaking in full sentences by the time she turned one, and holding adult conversations by three. She adored you, followed you everywhere like a little shadow, always wanting to play “pirates”. But I had begun to notice things.’
Sherlock beams proudly, as he does every time John insults Mycroft, before turning his attention back to his brother. ‘You’ll keep someone with Mary, won’t you? Watch her?’
Dr Farrell, to her credit, doesn’t show her surprise. ‘Ah… I see’, she says after a beat, breaking the awkward silence that followed John’s aborted statement. She makes a few notes in her pad.
‘Why did you leave me out again? You promised you wouldn’t do that after the last time, yet here I am helping you with a plan I know nothing about.’
Over the past five months that John has been temporarily living at Baker Street again, the two of them have grown much closer. There had always been love and affection between them, but John had never analysed it, had attempted to keep his feelings firmly in the platonic box. But the intimacy of caring for Sherlock, of dressing the wound that had been inflicted by his wife, has forced him to take a deeper look at his feelings. There have been more of the casual touches between them, and nights when they had shared the sofa instead of sitting in their respective chairs, falling asleep against one another. Sherlock had once again started to intrude on John’s private fantasies, something which he hadn’t allowed himself to indulge in since before Sherlock died. At times, he gets the impression that Sherlock feels the same way about him, but he’s just so bloody difficult to read! Do the soft smiles and the quiet affection mean something to him, or is he just trying to thank John for being there for him? He can’t be sure, so he’s never pushed the issue. And now they’re here, spending Christmas with Sherlock’s parents… and his wife.
‘I’m sure you still have things here in your room, it’s not that long ago you were staying here to help me recover.’
He knows there’s far more to this than Sherlock has let on. When he first started to encourage John to contact Mary, he thought he was simply trying to be a good friend, but then came the invitation to Christmas dinner, a dinner that Sherlock had never willingly attended, and his insistence on very specific, scripted words. He had said he knew exactly what John should say to Mary to get
‘Come on, get out your laptop. Let’s see what we can dig up on the victim. You know you’re far better at this than the Yard.’
‘Let’s hope you’re right. John is gonna need all the support he can get. Christ.’ Lestrade wipes the back of his hand over his eyes, unsurprised to find it wet. Mycroft reaches out, placing a hand on the D.I.’s shoulder, and they both take a minute before Lestrade returns to the scene in front of him. There’s no time for grieving when there’s a spree killer on the loose.
‘Don’t worry, if he wanted to do anything about it he would have done it long before now. I’m afraid it may have been me that gave the game away. Looking back, it was probably quite clear when I stopped in the middle of deducing the shooter to come and talk to you, telling Lestrade to ignore everything I’d said’, he grimaces at how obvious he must have been. Of course Lestrade worked it out, he
John thinks of Mary, waiting for him back at her – their – flat. He loves her, he truly does, but he’d be lying if he said it was anything more than a mere flicker of the passion he felt (feels) for Sherlock. He’d thought she was perfect for him, for the life he
a detective, of sorts. ‘I think we can safely say this isn’t the same shooter, yet the coincidences are entirely too… coincidental.’ He cringes at his own clumsy language, the top of his nose wrinkling.
‘There’s no need, John. Your clothes are in the wash, they’ll be dry by morning. Stay tonight. You still don’t look particularly healthy, and you should eat something, which you won’t if you go home.’
‘God, Sherlock’, John says, pulling his friend into a hug. He can’t help but feel for Mycroft, too, being so young and having to protect his brother in this way. His estimations of the Holmes’ parents have gone down considerably, but he supposes they have suffered for their mistakes now.
‘Two meals in the course of a week is unlikely to put any fat on you, especially with all the running around you do. Speaking of which, any joy on the case?’
As soon as Molly has retrieved it, Sherlock takes it to the counter to visually compare the striations to the bullet taken from the cab driver’s shoulder. They’re a match. It will be a while before they get the official report from ballistics, but the visual comparison is enough for Sherlock.
‘He’s seen a fair few shooting victims, Sherlock, give him credit.’ Hell would freeze over before Sherlock gave Anderson credit for
Sherlock holds his wine glass up towards John’s. ‘We met thirty years ago today. Thirty years, John. I’m a certified genius but even I can’t understand how that is even possible.’
‘The shooter pushed her in, shot her, and left almost immediately. She’s a message to someone, nothing more. If it was racially motivated, and they went to the trouble to get inside the gallery, they would have destroyed the art. If she owed money there would be a robbery, but there’s an impressive engagement ring on her finger, and you said her handbag is still in the car. If it was personal she would have been stabbed, beaten, or shot and left to suffer and bleed out. This killer wanted her dead but didn’t need to torture her. An execution. I doubt you’ll find anything in her private life to explain this. It was nothing to do with her, she just… fulfilled a criteria.’
‘Boys, I’m sorry but I think we’ll need to cut our Christmas day short’, Mrs. Holmes says, regretfully. ‘It seems we’ve both had a shock and neither of us is feeling well.’ She looks up at Sherlock and fixes him with her intelligent gaze, ‘It’s almost as if Sherlock spiked the punch again.’
A sly smile creeps onto Sherlock’s face, ‘And something else is just beginning’, he says, crowding John into the corner of the sofa and swooping in for another kiss.
.’ The blood has drained from Mycroft’s features as he recalls the incident, and the other men in the room look just as pale. ‘You were crying but making no effort to escape from her. I locked her in the room while I called our parents and an ambulance. Do you remember any of that?’
‘Alright, go, call Anderson’, Lestrade orders, fishing his phone out of his pocket and typing out a text while Sally goes to fetch the car.
‘How come there’s no record of Sherlock having a sister? If there was, we would have come across it by now. I know you Holmes’ think Scotland Yard is full of thick prats, but we’re pretty good at detective work.’
Sherlock doesn’t respond. He agrees that John needs therapy, but he doesn’t know how to put his support into words. He’s always been useless with emotional matters. It never used to affect him, but now he worries that he isn’t a good enough friend to John, not enough of a supportive shoulder. He gives John as much as he can; more than he has ever given anyone before. He takes a drink, drawing his eyes away from John’s and into his glass. They are silent for a while, comfortable in each other’s company, before John speaks again.
Sherlock blinks twice, a look of confusion causing his brow to furrow in that way that gives him deep grooves on the top of his nose. John has always found it adorable, but this time it’s only there for a second before Sherlock explodes in anger. ‘Why the hell not?! We prepared the words. That was the plan!’
‘Fine. I’d done some illegal things and I was trying to hide from some trouble. I didn’t want John to know that side of me, it was finished with. He never would have found out if Sherlock hadn’t -’
‘Look at this’, he calls, suddenly realising the others are no longer there. Frustrated, he runs out of the building, yelling at them again as he catches up, pushing to stand between them both so they can see his phone. ‘Look! this wall, it… doesn’t meet the floor! It doesn’t… What kind of a ridiculous design is that? Can’t be an external wall, obviously, unless they’re in some kind of -’
Sherlock nods, swirling his coat behind him as he slips it on (John can never understand why he has to get dressed in such a dramatic fashion) and looping his scarf around his neck as he heads down the stairs.
He’s suspected the identity of the person responsible for the crimes Sherlock is investigating, ever since the second killing, but the third, that of the Irene surrogate, has made his deductions an undeniable reality. As Sherlock had said, no-one, other than Mycroft himself, both knew personal details of Sherlock’s upbringing
‘Failing that… more wine?’ Sherlock picks up the bottle and fills John’s glass without waiting for a response.
‘As you’ve probably guessed, she was a dominatrix.’ Lestrade makes Sherlock jump as he speaks, having approached him unheard. He’s not surprised that the D.I. remembers Irene - he’s a red blooded heterosexual male, after all. What
Her soft watery eyes immediately harden and dry up when she realises the pretence is over. ‘I needed to give you a reason to stay. Something Sherlock Holmes couldn’t give you.’
‘We have an appointment.’ Striding back through the kitchen, he picks up Mycroft’s laptop from the table and grabs John’s coat. ‘Have you brought your gun?’
This is an argument they’ve had many times before, in the months before Sherlock jumped: John stating that the money belonged to Sherlock, and Sherlock countering that John’s blog had brought in many of their paying customers. John had acquiesced somewhat, but had balked at the idea of sharing the large payment given to them by Sebastian Wilkes, a friend of Sherlock’s from university, not a client from the blog. Considering the way the case ended, Sherlock had told John he could consider it a payment for damages. John laughed when his friend asked if he should pay something to Sarah, too.
He sends the text, looking forlornly at his cookie before picking it up with his coffee: sod it, Sally can drive.
me from all official records, and encouraged Sherlock to delete me from his mind. You wiped my existence away without a care in the world.’
‘My mother tried to make a call to emergency services’, Mycroft interrupts before Lestrade is able to form a sentence. There’s a faraway dazed look in his eyes, so unlike his usual self. ‘I have an alert on emergency calls from this number, of course, just as I do for Baker Street. Anthea was notified and sent out our responders before calling me. I followed shortly behind them, but by the time I arrived it was clear they could not be saved.’
Mrs. Holmes has gone pale and keeps patting Sherlock’s arm. Mycroft gets her a glass of water, but she slaps his hand away. ‘Did you know about this? Of course, you did. You know everything that goes on with Sherlock and you never tell me anything.’
‘Neighbourhood cats had been disappearing for months, and Mummy caught Sherlock dissecting one in the greenhouse. Naturally it was assumed that he had been responsible for all of them. Despite his protests that he had just found this cat, and was curious, nobody believed him, not even me’, Mycroft says, ashamed in hindsight. He addresses Sherlock again, ‘You were sent to a psychiatrist, who diagnosed you with Borderline Personality Disorder, with sociopathic tendencies – a diagnosis that would never be given by a reputable psychiatrist today. I was only eleven, so our parents didn’t discuss any of this with me, of course, but I overheard them talking about sending you away.’
John remembers the witness protection lie they told Sherlock, and he meets Mycroft’s gaze before speaking. ‘Actually, Sherlock, she is. She was beheaded by a terror cell in Karachi. I’m sorry… we didn’t -’
‘I can still remember the look on Lestrade’s face when I brought you to that crime scene’, Sherlock laughs.
The sunlight shining through the large glass patio doors illuminates the three people seated in the sparsely furnished reception room, though it fails to melt away the frosty atmosphere therein. The glow gives the room an airy and bright ambience, in stark contrast to the conversations that take place there.
‘He – er… wanted to be a pirate, when he was a kid.’ John answers for him. He looks guilty to be sharing such a personal detail, though it appears pertinent to the case. Lestrade giving a shy smile at the thought of a young curly-haired Sherlock playing pirates with his dog. Sherlock catches the look and huffs, irritated, turning on his heel and striding out of the bedroom. He finds his brother resting against the wall next to the living room, finishing up a call, and he walks right up to him, not stopping until they are toe to toe, with no room for Mycroft to back away.
Mycroft has been meeting with Lady Elizabeth Smallwood on numerous occasions during this time, to discuss Magnussen, Sherlock’s exile and the re-emergence of Moriarty, but this is the first time the detective has been allowed in on the discussions himself.
Sherlock blinks, amazed at the feel of John’s lips on his skin. His brain has gone offline, and for a moment he forgets where they are and what’s going on. Thankfully, John is a little more aware. ‘We should go in. We’ll have some explaining to do.’
died.’ And doesn’t that just make Sherlock feel like the worst human being on the planet. He knows how much pain he put John through, and now is not the best time for either of them to be reminded of that.
‘Of course, John. Your bed is made up. I’ll just look over Molly’s report, then I’ll head to bed myself.’
Dr Erin Farrell: marriage counsellor, with a PhD in clinical psychology, and a special interest in Emotionally Focussed Therapy. She’s in her early fifties, John would estimate, with her grey blond hair, cut in a bob, framing her pretty oval face. Her knee length beige pencil skirt has a matching jacket draped over the back of her chair, taken off at the beginning of each session. John wonders why she even bothers putting it on at all. A plain white blouse and cream high-heeled courts complete the purposely neutral outfit. Everything about her, and the room, is plain, unimaginative, and characterless. Despite this, John finds himself noticing her: the shape of her body (in damn good shape for her age), the swell of her breasts beneath her shirt, and the curve of her shapely thigh as her skirt hitches each time she crosses her legs. A bit not good.
Mycroft hangs up the phone, putting it back in the inside pocket of his jacket, his eyes locked firmly on Sherlock’s. John is watching them, flicking his gaze from one to the other, trying to pick up on what’s being said telepathically.
The young woman had been researching Sherlock, had been obsessed with studying him. John Watson’s blog was a wonderful source of insight, though the romanticised writing was painful to read at times. Did he realise he was telegraphing his feelings to the whole world with every post?
Molly has prepared for their arrival, and when she opens up the doors for them, Sherlock holds back, unsure of his place. John looks at him in a silent plea for him to accompany them.
‘Nothing.’ He holds up his hand to stop Mycroft’s inevitable interruption. ‘Not that he didn’t try, but I managed to stop him. Think it might be better if your parents don’t know that he drugged them.’
'John, this isn’t the time.’ He says, and John knows he’s right, though it seems they had all the time in the world to kiss. Sherlock picks up the deerstalker from the coat rack next to him, pulling it roughly down onto his curls. ‘Time to go be Sherlock Holmes.’
‘Sherlock never seemed happy when he came back from playing with his sister. In fact he seemed particularly withdrawn’, Mycroft addresses John while Sherlock continues to stare vacantly out of the window. ‘He also began to show unexplained cuts and bruises, injuries inconsistent with simple play. I started to have suspicions that someone was hurting him, but I didn’t for one minute think – She was a
The detective has now been up for several hours, drinking tea that had materialised that morning, as it always seems to do. He’s thinking about John, about that moment on the stairs before they said goodnight. His mind should be full of the case, but all he can see is John and the bodies in the morgue. He wishes John would get out of bed, needing to see him, even while dreading the inevitable awkwardness that is sure to be in the air between them. John is not gay. Grief and alcohol should share the blame for his behaviour last night.
Due to the inclement weather – and the early evening hour – the garden is empty, and John finds he can walk around in complete solitude (aside from the occasional waterlogged peacock, ruffling it’s feathers). As the garden has no benches the visitors usually keep a constant movement through, but John is alone so he spreads his jacket out on the decking above the koi pond, sitting himself down on the dry lining with his legs dangling over the edge. Thanks to the peace and quiet, it’s easy to lose himself in his mind, eyes lazily tracking the movements of the fish below the murky water.
‘I moved out for months because she shot you, Sherlock. It wasn’t about her lies and her past, it was about what she did to you.’ He sees the look on Sherlock’s face and reassures him, ‘Obviously I didn’t tell the therapist that, but Mary knew.’ He sighs and puts his head into his hands, ‘I should go back to her, shouldn’t I? Dr Farrell, I mean. She knew Mary, it makes sense to stick with her, and I… need to see someone, I think.’
Slowly but surely, John packs up the remainder of his belongings and moves them into 221B. Sherlock notices, of course, but doesn’t mention it.
the message, just as the very specific placement of the shot was.’ Sherlock tells him as he takes a tentative sip of his drink. It’s very good, surprisingly. Sherlock isn’t much of a drinker, but he thinks he may have to be today.
‘Right, okay.’ John looks back at Sherlock and raises an eyebrow in question. Sherlock nods. John turns to leave, leaning in close to Greg as he passes, ‘Keep an eye on him, please?’
‘One or two’, Sherlock replied cryptically. John doesn’t seem to have linked this to the Black Lotus case, and Sherlock doesn’t want to say anything until he’s sure. No sense worrying John prematurely.
‘You may be right’, Sherlock says quietly. ‘You know… Mrs. Hudson, Angelo, Mycroft… They all assumed you were my boyfriend.’
John smiles to himself as he goes through the familiar steps of preparing the tea, strangely content to be back in 221B, even if he is slightly worried about opening the fridge. He tries not to look too closely, and just thanks his lucky stars that there’s still milk.
Greg looks around the wood panelled kitchen that is the scene of the Holmes parents’ final moments. It’s a beautiful room, warmly heated by the modern Aga cooker against the furthest wall. Greg could fit his kitchen into this one three times at least. There’s a clock on the wall to his immediate left, in the design of a ship’s wheel, and directly below this is an old-fashioned telephone fitted to the wall, receiver hanging down. Mrs Holmes is on her back between said phone and the coat rack by the door, though due to the blood pool beneath her and against the skirting board, it is clear she fell almost on her side, and lay there for some time, before the emergency responders moved her to her back. Mr Holmes is lying beside the table, his chair moved out as if he had tried to stand and fallen. There is a small amount of blood on the chair and much less on the floor than around Mrs Holmes. He had fallen on his stomach and by the time he had been turned over for resuscitation his heart had stopped pumping blood. There are small droplets of blood around the kitchen table, to the counter and sink behind, and also leading away from the room towards the downstairs bathroom. The amount of blood increases from the bathroom towards the kitchen table, and on the other side the amount of blood increases rapidly from the kitchen counter to the coat peg.
you!’ Mycroft shouts, no longer able to listen to her lies. ‘They stood by you to the detriment of Sherlock’s mental health. They believed everything you said to them, until I could prove to them what you were.’
‘So, there’s nothing for him to give us. It’s impossible to make him “delete” what he has up there…’ His words drift off as a thought occurs to him, ‘We would have to destroy his vaults’, he says under his breath. ‘Oh Christ, Sherlock!’ He throws his hands up in the air, then pulls them down quickly, visibly restraining himself from slapping the moron in front of him. ‘That’s why you wanted the bloody gun? What were you going to do, shoot him in the fucking head?’
Eventually the silence in the room is too heavy for John and the judgemental stares from the previously friendly Mrs. Holmes encourage him to put down his fork and speak up.
When John’s tears run dry, he is ready to see his daughter for the first and last time. Sherlock leaves to give him this moment alone, both because he thinks John would want that, and because he can’t bear to see the proof that this child is gone. The child he was so looking forward to welcoming into his life, teaching the violin too, and performing experiments with. He had already been imagining her as a small version of Mary, sitting on the kitchen table in her own pair of safety goggles.
when it really matters. There’s something that his older brother isn’t telling him, but isn’t there always?
The three of them climb into the back of one of Mycroft’s chauffeur driven Jaguars, Sherlock sitting close to John with Greg opposite. Mycroft takes the front seat, preferring to keep his distance from the ball of rage in the back.
‘Knowing Mary, she will have slipped your surveillance by morning. I’m not walking away from this, Mycroft. I need to get home now; get me a car.’ He strides to the living room door calling out, ‘John! We’re leaving.’
John stands up, wiping the remnants of the naan from his trousers. ‘Was it her? Where is she, Mycroft.’
John chokes on a mouthful of wine. ‘You’re awful to that man – yeah I know, he mostly deserves it. Back to the cases… I have a bit of a soft spot for the first one, of course. And… well… the one when you came back to me.’
‘I’ve no idea what you’re-’, Mycroft begins, but Sherlock doesn’t give him a chance to finish, grabbing his brother’s arm, and in a practised fluid motion, he spins him round to face the wall, pulling his arm up sharply behind his back.
For a man that can lie on the sofa for hours at a time, he’s doing a spectacularly bad job of it today, lasting only three minutes before bouncing back up, a bundle of nervous energy in perpetual motion.
Mycroft coughs, recalibrating himself, and gives a rare, genuine smile of thanks. ‘The neighbour, Lilly Ashbeck, found them when she noticed the kitchen door had been left open for some time; an unusual occurrence, especially in the current climate’, he says, indicating the frozen ground. ‘She phoned it in immediately, by which time I had already called Sergeant Donovan directly to request the presence of your team, and your team only.’ He turns to address Sally, ‘Sergeant, Mrs Ashbeck is waiting for you over there.’
Sherlock stares at the door blankly after John rushes down the stairs. He knows he’s not the most perceptive man when it comes to emotions, but where did he do wrong? He deduced John would likely storm out when Sherlock first aired the truth about his sexuality, but the doctor had taken that rather well (barely raised an eyebrow, in fact). Somehow it was John’s own confession of his love for Sherlock that seemed too much for him to cope with. Interesting.
‘But I loved him’, she continues. ‘We’d play pirates, and I would help him with his violin, showing him where he was going wrong; he really was an atrocious musician when he was a child.’ As she loses herself in the past, her gun arm relaxes slightly. ‘I would have loved to have played an instrument, but I was never allowed. My parents hated me.’
‘Shit, it’s Mary. I’ve got to go.’ He drags himself from the sofa, ruffling his hair and trying to flatten it down again. ‘I need to be at work at nine’, he groans, taking his coat off the back of the door and trying to fight his sleep-heavy arms into it. He has one foot out of the door when Sherlock’s phone rings, and he stops, waiting for Sherlock to listen to the caller and relay the details.
call, he wouldn’t have the first idea what to say, and he most assuredly doesn’t want to hear John’s voice when he tells him to go to hell. Disappearing is a valid option – he looks longingly at his coat – but if he leaves he may end up somewhere he vowed to himself he would never return to again. Five years clean and counting.
He deduces the sequence of events within moments of surveying the scene; trying to detach from who the victims are, and to see this as just another murder for him to solve. Sentiment has no place in crime solving. John notices when the mask slides back into place.
A veteran of therapy, John found it easier to talk than he thought he would, easier than it had been with Ella, and once they started, the words seemed to cascade: Mary lying about her name, her past, her betrayal of Sherlock, and how John hadn’t found out any of this until they were married and expecting a child. He couldn’t stop talking about his best friend and everything he had been through, and how much it hurt that Mary could do what she did to him – how she could do that to
why he stays!’ Sherlock shouts, voice shaking, and John can’t help a small proud smile at that. ‘Mycroft, do I need to remind you that… my
pull John from his slumber just as the midday sun is breaking through the gaps in the closed living room curtains. Cracking open one eye, he pulls the blanket tighter around his shoulders, and focuses his sight on the tea cup inches away from his face.
The meal ends rather abruptly after that, nobody having much of an appetite any longer. Sherlock is annoyed that the drugged punch he had prepared earlier will likely go untouched, the mood being somewhat incompatible with alcohol. He’ll have to dose their afternoon tea instead. Hopefully John won’t be too suspicious when he offers to make it.
It seems he does listen occasionally. Placing the phone on the arm of the chair, where he can easily see it if John contacts him, he resolves to let John make the first move.
John vaults from the chair, knocking his cup of tea to the floor. He marches out of the room without saying a word to them, leaving the door wide open behind him. Both Sherlock and Molly watch him go, the latter panicking that she has upset her friend with the news.
Sherlock stays quiet – he’s really not giving John much to work with, so he does what he always does in a crisis: puts the kettle on. His mind is racing through the events of the last hour. His feelings for Sherlock have always been complicated and have been stirred up again since his return from the dead, though he had no idea that Sherlock’s feelings for him had been just as confusing. If Sherlock had made a move before he had jumped then John wouldn’t have hesitated (well, not much passed a token
He shudders. No, he needs to sort the thoughts out in his own head before he can even contemplate talking it through with anyone else.
Sherlock gives an almost coy smile, ‘While I’m flattered by your interest, you are already married, John.’
The space between them is infinitesimal. Sherlock removes the glove he has just pulled on and lifts a large hand up to the side of John’s face, resting it against his cheek, cupping his face delicately. John’s breath hitches at the contact and he subconsciously licks his lips; the deep dark hidden part of his mind knowing exactly what he wants to happen, while the conscious side is fighting against the urge to open the door and run. He feels, rather than hears, Sherlock’s next words:-
The sun is setting on a warm evening in the Sussex Downs, the light reflecting off the beehives at the end of the plain, neat garden. The heat has built up in the south-facing garden throughout the day, though it has cooled just enough, thanks to the shading of some tall leylandii along the southern fence.
‘Mycroft, are you sure this is a good idea?’ John warns. He hates when the older man tells Sherlock not to
Mycroft orders, hooking Sherlock’s arm with the handle of his umbrella to stop him running off without them, ‘The garage door will be locked; she wouldn’t want us going in that way, where anyone on the street could see inside. She must have taken him out through the garden gates, and into the neighbour’s back door. We follow her footsteps.’
isn’t ready to accept Sherlock’s feelings for him. Maybe those two years apart have made it impossible for them to move forward. He’s truly the idiot that Mycroft always insists he is. He shouldn’t have kissed John, shouldn’t have pushed him to confront something he never wanted to confront. He has Mary now (damn you, Mary), he’s moved on, and maybe Sherlock has just ruined any progress they may have made towards restoring their old friendship.
Ever the doctor, John had asked Sherlock when he had last eaten, and hadn’t been too impressed with the answer, promising to pick up a take-away on the way over if Sherlock let him know what he fancied. He’s spent the last two hours ravenously waiting for the smell of the Indian food to waft up the stairs. He’s not waiting for John specifically, of course, he’s just hungry.
‘And has that been an issue for you?’ she asks innocently, in that way that psychologists do when they already know the answer to the question.
‘I think it’s unlikely, Dr Watson. And like Sherlock said, we will stay together and I will drop him off at Baker Street this evening, once you are home.’
The threat to John’s life was enough to stop him thinking clearly, and his sister is smart enough to know that. John was just a side project, like Mary; someone who had betrayed Sherlock, rather than Eurus herself. She wanted to get to the person she blames for her banishment.
‘When Sherlock was safely in the hospital, Mummy asked Eurus that very question. Her answer? She wanted to see how his muscles worked.’
‘You’re probably right, but I wouldn’t want to be caught without clean boxers’, he chuckles at Sherlock’s horrified expression. ‘Anyway, I’m here now. So, tell me about the case,’ he says, setting out the various food packages on the table.
Mrs. Holmes gives them a curious glance and places the roast on the table, leaving her husband to start the carving. As the others sit down at the table, Sherlock and John glance at each other, John giving a small smile and quickly squeezing Sherlock’s hand. The gesture doesn’t go unnoticed by Mrs. Holmes (who would have been pleased to see this development a few years ago).
‘She was tracking John’s internet searches, since before Christmas, knew he was looking for couples counselling. She chose the one that was in the closest proximity to his workplace, with lunchtime appointments, and no photo on her website. No doubt her body is around here somewhere. After killing her, Eurus updated the website, reducing the fees in an effort to guarantee John’s custom. She hired a new receptionist, got her to refer all her current patients to someone else, and only took on couples who wouldn’t know what she looks like.’
The next morning Sherlock makes breakfast: nothing fancy, just some eggs and toast. John is grateful, yet bemused. Sherlock has already phoned the surgery and told them John won’t be back for a while, and in his detached clinical way, he told them why. John is not keen on returning to the flat and he finally works up the courage to ask Sherlock if he can pick up a few items from the home he shared with Mary, and stay at 221B for a couple of weeks. Sherlock, of course, is pleased, though he tries not to show it. In these circumstances, happiness is not appropriate.
Sherlock only briefly glances at them, trusting Molly to know what she has seen. ‘Send everything you have to my email, please. And thank you, Molly… for being the one to do this. For him.’ Molly turns away from him before her professional facade slips, the tears welling up in her eyes again.
Sherlock stands in the middle of the living room, looking lost, his eyes on the stairs for over an hour before accepting that John is unlikely to emerge again. Ever the British man, Sherlock makes tea, putting a splash of whisky and a spoonful of honey into John’s before taking it up. He knocks tentatively on the door and, receiving no answer, he gently pushes it open. John is lying on his left side facing away from the door, he gives no indication that he’s heard Sherlock knock, but as he hasn’t told him to leave, Sherlock enters, walking round to stand in front of John and placing the tea on the night stand.
They front door slamming halts the conversation, and suddenly there is six-feet of pissed off consulting detective barging into the room, hair in disarray from the hat he has ripped off and thrown down in the hallway. John rushes in behind him, looking equally annoyed but trying not to show it in front of his friends. He’s uncomfortable too. Something about the press conference has upset them both, cutting the interview short after only ten minutes. Mary may not be a genius detective but even she can deduce that the press must have questioned the nature of John’s relationship with Sherlock. The two of them are like an open book.
‘John, Moriarty is dead. Someone was most probably playing an, admittedly fortuitously timed, prank. I’m feigning as much interest as I can until
Mycroft sighs. ‘There’s no case for you to solve, Sherlock. Let it go.’ He turns on his heel and descends the stairs without a backward glance.
One of his many state of the art laptops rests on the table in front of him, various pages open on the screen. For all of the power at his disposal, he cannot think of a single action that will help him out of his current predicament. Even when you hold a minor position in the British government, you can’t perform miracles.
‘Good day, brother mine.’ Mycroft calls up, before the front door of 221 Baker Street clicks shut behind him.
Finally opening his mouth to respond, he is saved by the trilling of his mobile phone. Smiling almost apologetically, he frowns at the screen before answering, ‘Mycroft Holmes.’
Sherlock couldn’t help but smile when he received John’s text, no more than four minutes after he contacted him, and his grin stretched even wider when he read that John planned to come over this evening. He had expected John to be too tired, or busy with Mary, so it’s gratifying to know he’s still a priority to his ex-flatmate. He hadn’t been able to stop thinking about John all afternoon, so much so that he was distracted during the autopsy and Molly picked up on it.
‘I just left my wife, my wife who until about five minutes ago I thought was carrying my child, because she put a bullet in you. You
Sherlock nods, grateful for his friend’s support. ‘Geoff comes with us’, he says, though he’s reluctant to leave the bodies of his parents, knowing that the next time he sees them they will be naked and cleaned on a metal gurney in the morgue. Lestrade can read the apprehension on his face.
‘Oh yes!’ she replies, gleefully. ‘Let’s tell John a little story. You should listen up too, Sherlock, I hear you don’t remember much from our childhood.’
Sherlock gets a dot of gravy on his chin when using his hands to eat a Yorkshire pudding. Without thinking, John reaches out and wipes it with his finger, licking the sauce from the top of his digit. Mycroft clears his throat. Sherlock feels the heat rise to his cheeks.
He coughs, awkwardly, ‘Erm… I’ve sent Mary home because we’re splitting up. I’m filing for divorce.’ For a while nobody speaks, the other men averting their eyes, but Mrs. Holmes glares at him, no trace of her previously genial self.
Sherlock sighs, but finds he cannot argue, ‘Fine. Yes, I promise. I’m going to sit here reading through these files all day, by myself because you refuse to stay, and compare them for any repeated names, places, or officers. Tedious but perfectly safe, Captain.’
John and Mary Watson are seated at opposite ends of a soft, plush, cream sofa, as far away as the space allows.
The first few days back at 221B are difficult. On the rare occasions John ventures out of his room he doesn’t speak much, he doesn’t eat, or want to interact, and Sherlock finds he’s the one who’s making and eating meals alone, just as John used to when they lived together. He knows what John is doing upstairs all day, he knows about the box that makes him cry.
‘If this isn’t him – and it isn’t – then you aren’t going to get an outcome you are happy with. You can’t lock up a dead man. I’ll waste my time on this case, if that’s what you want, but
He lights up a cigarette as soon as he is out of the door to the morgue, standing in the hospital corridor. It’s a no smoking area, as all hospitals are, but Sherlock doesn’t think the occupants of the morgue need to worry about second-hand smoke.
‘Yes, plenty, thank you very much. I flew through the first few cases but then I got to the bombing case. Where we first met Moriarty.’ He averts his eyes so that Sherlock can’t see the pain in them. ‘It’s hard to write about him, considering everything that came later.’
‘Sherlock, I love you. I always have, if I’m honest. And regardless of what this means for us, I know I can’t marry Mary when I feel this way about you. It wouldn’t be fair on any of us.’
Anderson passes over the bagged note before it’s taken by Mycroft’s team, likely never to be seen by Scotland Yard again.
Sherlock doesn’t hesitate, he carefully gathers John in his arms, pulling him against his chest. One hand a steadying presence on the back of his neck, and the other sliding up and down John’s arm in, what Sherlock hopes is, a soothing manner. John shivers, wrapping an arm around Sherlock’s waist and splaying his hand out on his back, holding him in place.
‘Holy fuck!’ is Lestrade’s response, earning them the stares of the forensics team, the very thing that Mycroft was trying to avoid. ‘Are you sure?’
The lady herself is clad in an almost identical suit to the one she wore for their appointment last week. John imagines a walk-in wardrobe with row after row of identical skirts, shirts, and jackets. Or maybe it’s just her Tuesday suit. John is wearing the same jumper, and Mary the same jeans, as last week, so they can’t really judge.
The annoying chirp of John’s mobile, rouses them both just after one am; John realising that he too had fallen asleep, with his head resting on Sherlock’s shoulder. He moves away quickly, grabbing his mobile from the coffee table.
‘Mycroft, I fucked up. Sherlock is on his way, or at least I assume he is. I sent him the address before we knew who… that it was…’ he trails off, not wanting to refer to the man’s parents as victims.
to kill him. But she did, didn’t she? I was right there when he flatlined. I called you…’ Pain flashes in both pairs of eyes at the memory. ‘I was never going to forgive her for that. Never. I’m so sorry I brought her into your home.’
Sherlock and John both reach out at the same time; Sherlock’s left hand gripping John’s right. They stay like that, silently supporting each other, all the way back to Central London.
say that he complained about taking a fare south of the river after nine in the evening, so the shooter can’t have planned for that particular driver, they must instead have known something about the plans of the last passenger. Maybe a friend, maybe simply hacked their emails, I don’t know. The taxi dropped her off around ten fifteen. Now, you can’t hang around on a street corner with a gun for long, especially in a neighbourhood like that. Balance of probability says the shooter is white: he must have been seen by some people, it wasn’t that late, but nobody paid attention, nobody
‘Any number of people could have found out the information if they wanted to. But why would they be looking? It doesn’t make any sense!’ Sherlock throws himself down on the sofa, but without his dressing gown the move is far less dramatic than he’d hoped.
When John walks in from the bathroom, he’s laughing; the sound so unexpected to Sherlock’s ears. He looks up to find his friend tripping over the bottoms of the overly long joggers he’s wearing. Sherlock smirks: John looks even smaller while he’s wearing Sherlock’s clothes. The moment passes quickly when John chokes off the chuckle, realising there is nothing in his life he should be laughing about, at this moment in time. Suddenly subdued, he sees the tea on the table and Sherlock sitting in his chair, and he doesn’t want to drag himself across to his other home.
Shot himself in the face, right in front of me. Nobody can fake that!’ Sherlock shouts at the infuriating bureaucrat. Does she have no idea what he went through to destroy that man’s network? If this is anyone’s fault, it’s not his. ‘I know Irene Adler managed to fool you twice, but surely you must have checked Jim’s body for a pulse? No squash balls?’
When his breathing has calmed enough, and the rain has started to subside, John picks himself off the floor, grimacing at the wet patch on his behind, and ambles off in the direction of the Japanese Garden. He often finds himself in the tranquil garden after an argument with Sherlock – it’s calming serenity works wonders on his stress levels and the sound of the waterfall always helps to clear his mind.
Mycroft may not be one for legwork, but he’s had plenty of self-defence training; with one quick manoeuvre he is out of Sherlock’s grasp, stepping aside into the living room to put some distance between them, rubbing his arm. Sherlock follows him and John moves forward, reaching for Sherlock before he can harm his sibling further.
‘I said when I forgave you at Christmas that I’m still angry, and it would still come out from time to time. Talking about it brings it all back, that’s all. And you
When he tells her what has happened, she cries. ‘Oh, that poor love!’ she says through the tears, ‘I never was sure about Mary, it all happened so fast, and then when she shot you… But that poor baby… and
‘Mary, I had every right to be angry, but I’ve been doing a lot of thinking. I’ve chosen these words with care.’ He draws in a breath, taking her hands in his, ‘The problems of your past are your business. I wish you’d come to me; I wish you’d let us help you, but what happened before I met you can stay in the past.’
‘We can talk about all this when I move back in. For now, let me pay my own way. I have money I was putting aside for the wedding.’
Sherlock feels as though the world is spinning and he is relieved when they reach the door to 221 and he manages to get his key in the lock on the first attempt.
The woman who was formally one of the Holmes siblings, is finished for the day. She removes her skyscraper heels:
- to find his dinner being presented to him by a tall, curly-haired chap, in a very recognisable coat.
John is standing there, between the lounge and the kitchen, holding up a litre of milk like a peace offering. He doesn’t say any more, simply takes the milk over to the kettle and sets about preparing two cups of tea, giving Sherlock the privacy to pull himself together. The younger man takes the opportunity to go into the bathroom and splash cold water on his face. Steeling himself for the conversation, for the inevitability of John’s rejection.
‘Christ, I’m exhausted,’ John yawns. ‘Any chance we can pick up the case tomorrow? I don’t think I’d be much use to you right now.’
John is brought out of his head by the affection in Sherlock’s voice, and knows his distress was clear for the detective to read. He feels uncomfortable and exposed, and will happily escape to the bathroom for an hour to clear his head.
‘I’ve just spoken to Lestrade. He says based on the distance the bullet was fired from, they think the shooter was standing in the shadows at the corner of the building here, which means he was set up in advance, he knew that the victim – or at the very least
‘With ballistics, but to my untrained eye, it’s from the same gun. Those little striations you photographed from the previous two victims match the ones I took yesterday.’ She slides some comparison photographs across the table to him.
‘I need to ask you something, mate, and I think it’s the single most important thing I’ll ever ask of you, so I need you to take it seriously.’
Sherlock jumps out of the cab on the corner of Porlock Street, just before the line of police cars, Belstaff flowing out behind him like a cape. He pushes past the press already gathered, and ignores the police officers doing a bad job of guarding the scene, as he ducks under the tape. It feels indescribably good to be out on a case again, even if it does only rank at a four (he’s being generous, it’s probably only a two).
‘Mummy, it’s important. It could be related to one of Sherlock’s cases. I need to know – have you heard from her?’
‘Can’t. We’ve got, um… an appointment in the morning, then I’m working the afternoon shift. I’ll be on the end of the phone if you need to run anything by me.
. They had talked about how they had met, married, and fallen pregnant, with ease, but when Dr Farrell asked them what had prompted them to seek counselling, they spoke over each other.
John drops his piece of naan bread onto his lap, staring open-mouthed at the TV. ‘Jesus Christ. Was this..? Was this
‘I did actually, I assumed it was Mrs H’, he laughs. ‘Still, I’m not sure hazardous chemicals in the cupboard, and body parts in the fridge, make a safe environment for a baby. Maybe you can eventually get that separate fridge I’ve always nagged you about!’
Most people expect a morgue to look and smell a certain way – for it to be “spooky” and to project a sense of foreboding onto anyone that enters through the swinging double doors. The truth is that a modern morgue feels no different to any other operating theatre, the strong smell of antiseptic giving it that easily recognised hospital smell.
John has continued his therapy with Dr Farrell, working through all of his issues with Mary, and explaining his history with Sherlock. Some days he comes back angry but he won’t tell Sherlock why.
Sherlock’s body relaxes as the fight rushes out of him. His shoulders slump and he appears defeated. John carefully removes his coat (and gun) from his friend’s hand and drapes it over his arm, placing his other hand on Sherlock’s upper back. Applying gentle pressure, John coaxes him into walking back towards the cottage, halting them both just outside the front door.
‘I’ve really missed this, you know? A good curry, working a case, Mrs Hudson cooing over us, the mess, the fear of what’s in the fridge…’
Hiding his face behind his hand, he bows his head, letting the tears flow freely. Molly has seen her fair share of grieving parents, but she feels uncomfortable now that it is her friend, and she quickly moves to leave the room, knowing John would hate for anyone to see him in such a vulnerable moment. There’s only one person that can comfort him now.
‘It’s not that simple, Mr Holmes. Sherlock, his murder was caught on camera and witnessed by a dozen secret service agents.’
Sherlock knows Molly will come in to do this autopsy for him, after hours if necessary. Part of him feels bad for the way he uses her. Not bad enough to stop, though.
‘As you said it would’, he says as he heads into the kitchen to help himself to some of the stew for lunch. ‘Do you want some of this’, he calls.
John smiles at the idiot. He’s always been able to get Sherlock to eat, just by strategically placing food around the case notes. Sherlock will reach for it without even realising, and he’s always had a weakness for Mrs Hudson’s cooking. He puts a plate down on the coffee table next to the stack of case files, before taking his own to his chair, rolling his eyes at Sherlock who is now standing on the vacated sofa.
Sherlock spends a brief moment on the therapist’s laptop: no password. It’s as if she hasn’t even tried.
‘Doesn’t look like it. Alarm goes off at ten-forty-six pm. Security company, Romec, call Ms Wang to check it out. She arrives and puts her code into the panel at eleven-thirteen. Romec then call the gallery to confirm all is well, and she doesn’t answer. That’s when they called us. Officers arrived at eleven-thirty-nine to find the door open. Her car is the Audi out front, her handbag still on the seat. Nothing appears stolen from here, but a member of staff will carry out an inventory once we’ve cleared the scene. The killer can’t have been in here long. If someone wanted to rob the place, they would have forced her to answer the phone and give her pass phrase, and
John stumbles over his feet and grabs onto Sherlock’s arm to steady himself, keeping a tight grip on it for the rest of the walk. Sherlock is hardly walking with any more finesse than John is, and he’s half expecting that if John falls he will pull Sherlock with him. The frigid January air seems to be making both of them more drunk than they were in the bar. John is maudlin (understandably) and is openly talking about the pain of Sherlock’s death and the pit of grief he found himself in. He’s there again, Sherlock thinks, and he doesn’t know how to pull him out.
‘I’m not going back to her. Even if we weren’t going to try – this – I’d still be leaving Mary tonight. My heart isn’t there any more. Okay?’
‘Mary Watson is under our protection, at your request. She will get a new identity and be taken far away from Magnussen.’
Once they have left, Mycroft makes his way over to Lestrade, who is watching the two men drive away, speaking quietly in his ear so as not to be overheard by the other officers.
When Sherlock sees that John has started to turn somewhat green, he encourages him to leave the remainder of their drinks and head home whilst they can still walk, choosing to tackle the forty minute trek back to the flat, rather than risk John being sick in the back of a cab. More than once Mycroft has had to pay for cabs to be cleaned after one of Sherlock’s sessions.
‘Dr Watson, in a moment you will get a call. You can take my car, the driver will take you where you need to go. Sherlock, you should go with him.’ Mycroft says, now meeting John’s inquisitive stare.
‘Well I can’t keep them in the fridge’, he says as he heaves the bags into the bin outside the back door, ‘John is coming to visit tomorrow. We rarely get to spend time together without a case these days, I want to make the flat look… welcoming. We could do with a nice warm meal, one of those stew things would be perfect. Oh, and do you have any milk?’
‘And what about what he has on you? Or me? Or Mrs. bloody Hudson? Are you expecting us to destroy his “vaults”? He’s never going to hand over everything he has on her, and we won’t be given the chance to search.’
thinking about), giving Sherlock plenty of time to clear away the dinner things, set up the case wall, talk to Lestrade, and run down to Speedy’s for some decent coffee.
‘Nothing, Hudders.’ He moves to leave the kitchen and return upstairs, but he stops when he imagines John saying
Dr Farrell makes notes before closing her book again and leaving the topic alone. ‘Okay, so last time we saw each other, I asked you to think about why you have each sought therapy, and the outcome you are hoping for. John, would you like to begin?’
‘Sorry, you don’t have the security clearance to know about that’, she apologises, without a hint of sincerity.
‘Yeah, sorry about the time. Long day, then I had to go home and pack a bag. Pretty sure I won’t be making it back tonight.’
Eleven days after Sherlock’s aborted exile and he’s breathing in the less than fresh air of Central London, as he steps out of Mycroft’s home on Hamilton Terrace. Having been on house arrest in the ridiculously ostentatious property, he’s amused himself by sleeping in whichever of the eight bedrooms takes his fancy on that particular day, knowing the mess will give his fastidious brother an apoplexy. Sherlock is convinced that six of the bedrooms have
He doesn’t want to leave him alone, but he needs some advice, so he squeezes John’s shoulder once before descending the stairs down to 221A, seeking out Mrs Hudson as he often does in times when emotions confound him.
Mary looks put out and glances at Sherlock who gives a small smirk. ‘It doesn’t look like he’s up for talking with you, John.’
The snow has begun to thaw, leaving an icy sludge on the ground beneath their feet, soaking into the clothes of the man that can no longer feel their chill. Sherlock crouches beside the body, mindful of the pool of blood beneath him, more concerned for his shoes than the forensics, yet paying no care to the damp absorbed into the bottom of his coat where it sweeps the pavement.
John squeezes his shoulder lightly as he takes himself up to his old room. Sherlock smiles, content to have his best friend back in the flat again. If only he could make him stay.
His need for tea outweighing his need for sleep, he releases a hand from under the blanket to take the cup, smiling at his landlady (not housekeeper). ‘Ta, Mrs H.’
Sherlock’s first case with John, “A Study in Pink”, was over five years ago, and this murder, despite the similarities, can be no more than mere coincidence. Sherlock knows that. So why does he hear Mycroft’s voice in the back of his head:
‘Of course.’ Greg responds, taking in everything Sherlock has said in his mile-a-minute speech. ‘You think that’s what the killer is copying this time?’
It may be a lead, but it still doesn’t provide Sherlock with anything to investigate that the police aren’t already doing, so he sets it aside, promptly returning to his previous state of monotonous existence. Mrs Hudson’s wall is saved by a matter of minutes, thanks to a well timed text from John enquiring as to the detective’s plans for tomorrow afternoon. He wants to visit to “
Sherlock and John both roll their eyes at the same time, shooting each other a small smile. John addresses Eurus, ‘Please do enthral me with your stories, Ms Holmes. It’s not as if I have anything else to do here.’
They exit the farmhouse into the field outside the front of the home. They can hear the sound of an approaching helicopter. John looks up at Sherlock.
seen Sherlock as he was holding his face in his gloved hands, eyes filled with terror and panic. By the time he got back to his flat with Mary all he wanted to do was shower off the smell of burning and get some sleep, so he can be forgiven for not noticing something that had clearly happened the night before: Mary was wearing the engagement ring.
him here, and somewhere in the tiny quirk of John’s lips and the softening of his eyes, Sherlock can see the gratitude.
John watches his soon-to-be ex-wife leave the room and hears the sound of the bathroom door opening and closing. With one last look at the false belly discarded on the sofa, John returns to the kitchen in the hope of finding Mycroft without Sherlock. As luck (perhaps bad luck) would have it, both Holmes brothers are back at the kitchen table, smelling suspiciously of smoke.
yet a single droplet has already escaped, trailed down his cheek, and dripped down onto the screen of his phone. He swipes at his eyes with the sleeve of his jacket, frustrated at the ease at which he succumbed to emotion. For a long moment he pictures his fiancée, sitting at home waiting for him, wanting to plan their wedding together. Then he thinks of Sherlock, sitting at home waiting for him, heart cracked open and vulnerable, admitting to feelings he never thought he’d have.
Sherlock’s text didn’t say a lot – mysterious as ever – just that there was a case where a cabbie had been shot and he could use his help. Sherlock never really needs anyone’s help: he simply likes having someone to talk to, and the skull just attracts attention. John laughs at the memory as he unlocks the door to 221, using the key he still retains. He knows exactly why Sherlock has called him for this one – as if John could ever forget that first case and the moment he had killed a man for Sherlock Holmes. Besides, they haven’t seen each other since they parted ways on the tarmac almost a fortnight ago, and he likes to think Sherlock has missed him as much as John had missed the mad detective.
Both Mycroft and Sherlock turn to look at him, almost as if they’d forgotten he was there. The other officers out the front of the house have all made themselves scarce, not daring to face the wrath of the Holmes brothers, nor Captain Watson.
Donovan barges into Greg’s office just as he’s stretching out, feet up on the desk, to enjoy his weekly Starbucks latte and chocolate chip cookie. The sudden slamming of the door almost causes him to tip over his chair and upend his drink.
John slowly moves towards him leaving Sherlock with nowhere to go. ‘I made a little speech. I actually spoke to you.’
At the age of sixty-three, Sherlock has retained his full head of thick curls, though they are now such a bright white that he reminds John of a mad scientist. Well… he
Shuffling dejectedly into the kitchen he decides to make tea, partly because he finds the process relaxing and partly because it will remove the awful taste of that champagne (Mrs Hudson purchased it – she has no idea about quality). When he goes to the fridge for milk he remembers they are out, and that he’d asked John to pick some up, and that memory is the straw that broke the camel’s back. His eyes sting and burn as if they are filled with hot sand and the only way to flush them out is to let the tears flow. Resting his head against the door of the fridge, Sherlock sobs. Years of pent up emotion coming to the forefront: all of the tears he hasn’t allowed himself to cry since he was a child. He cries for Redbeard and for everything he could never say to John. He cries the way he wanted to when he stood on the edge of a building and held out his arms, and he cries the tears of pain he refused to shed in Serbia. But mostly he sobs and bawls for coming home to find he had lost John all over again, and for pushing him further away in a moment of extraordinary weakness.
‘Hell of a thing, isn’t it. Decapitated with a curved blade, like a sabre. Killer was something of a novice though; they didn’t manage to get it through on the first hit, the whole neck is a mess. Would have called you in regardless, due to the sheer fucking brutality, but added to the cabbie shooting, it got me looking at John’s blog. Found the case you worked for Dimmock. Chinese smugglers, and an Asian museum employee shot dead. You should have told me about Soo Lin Yao the other night’, he admonishes.
John’s mind returns to the present, finding himself still seated at the Holmes’ large oak kitchen table, and vaguely hearing the droning sound of Mycroft’s incessant complaints. The government man hasn’t forgiven Sherlock for forcing him to accept the invitation they turn down every year.
are the ones that gave me up, and then acted as though I had never existed. And then there’s you’, she glares at Mycroft, ‘you’re the one that convinced Mummy that I had to go away. Everything was
When Lestrade and Donovan arrive on the scene, forensics are already there, along with a number of men in suits. Mycroft’s goons, no doubt. Just as the DI spots the umbrella toting man himself, Sally swears.
‘I watched over you as much as I could, but I couldn’t be there all the time. I returned home from school one afternoon and immediately went in search of you. ‘I found you and Eurus together in your room. You were kneeling on the rug, your right arm held out passively while Eurus sliced open the skin with a penknife I thought I had lost the previous week. She was
‘Please don’t waste your resources, Detective Inspector, we both know my people will be able to trace this in a fraction of the time it would take Scotland Yard’, Mycroft says, thumbing out a text to Anthea. ‘Assuming it is traceable, which I very much doubt.’
The tipsy detective turned at the sound of his name, and the glance he threw in John’s direction was enough for the doctor to sober up completely. There was a fight in those eyes. But also vulnerability, carefully masked by Sherlock’s usual cocky behavior.
John watched, and said: “Thanks.” Greg patted him on the back affectionately, with a spark of understanding flashing in the warm pools of his iris. In this moment, John was very grateful to have a friend like Greg. A friend, who understood without asking too many questions. A friend who was content not knowing, as long as he could help in some way.
(thank you very much). And it has definitely nothing to do with his jumpers. Probably. Most likely?)
He tightened his grip around the slender waist. “And once we’re home, I’m going to make us some tea and get the blankets and then we’ll stay on the sofa all day. Yes?”             John nodded against the fabric of Sherlock’s shirt, feeling inexplicably relived. Sherlock didn’t stop caring for him. Sherlock was right here and made everything better.
“What if someone saw?” John continued, checking if anyone- or God forbit, Greg- had peeked their way. It didn’t seem like it.
In those nights, the gravitated together easily, in a sleepy embrace, and unspoken statements of affection were shared, and for the first time in his life Sherlock Holmes realized that he wanted to share so much more with another human being. Things like kisses, and touches, and promises. Things he thought himself above of. Silly sentiment. Just a mixture of hormones, being transmitted from the brain. Animalistic. Simple chemistry, nothing more.
Involuntarily, images of Donovan and Anderson calling Sherlock a "freak" appeared in front of his inner eye, but he pushed it back down. Not the right time. Not the right place. Instead of answering the challenging tone of the father (the poor man was wrecked, no need to push him even further), he made his final notes.
Sherlock must have sense the shift in the mood, because when the DI managed to shake the thoughts away, he was watching him intently, quietly analysing. The DI exhaled snakingly and rubbed his face.
“No, yes, maybe?” He sighed, taking an encouraging sip of his tea. “Yeah, alright, you’ve caught me”
Low whispers of agreement; the atmosphere in the car shifts momentarily, as they all reminiscent of how hard it must be to lose a loved one so unexpectedly.
he had made of himself. Or even better, he shouldn’t have been drinking at all. He shouldn’t have been following John at all. He should have stayed and make notes and then wait for John like a decent human being. What had he even been thinking to follow the doctor and Gavin in that ghastly establishment? Nothing. Nothing at all. “This is it” he mused bitterly to himself. “I’m loosing my mind”.
Sherlock’s hand left his wrist and John swayed dangerously, leaning against the nearest wall, mumbling something about bruising to at least appear useful in any way. The information must have been enough, for Sherlock started firing a new wave of deductions, not even looking at John, who was no slumping against the wall, breathing heavily.
Sensing his decision, Sherlock tightened his embrace for a tiny second and then let go altogether. Before John had time to mourn the loss of Sherlock against his skin, the detective met him with another soft kiss on the lips. “Come home soon” his new lover (?), partner (?), soulmate (?), all of the above (?) mumbled very low and John’s heart swelled so much that he feared it would break the expanse of his ribcage (Not literarily, of course. He had a medical degree for a reason, thank you very much. But John Watson tends to be poetic when flooded with endorphins). The doctor rested his forehead against the detective’s for a small second, breathed a tiny laugh about this fucking glorious turn of events, and tangled a shaky hand in a nest of mahagony curls.
He was sure everyone could see that he was struggling today, and this thought caused a new wave of shame to crash upon him. Sherlock’s warm fingers around his wrist grounded him, but there was no way in hell the detective didn’t
John sighed. “Mistakes were made, yeah. That doesn’t make you an ass, though. You’re a good person, when are you ever going to believe me? You just make wrong choices sometimes. You’ll do better, next time. And so will I”
This notion finally did it, John pulled away and cleared his throat awkwardly. “Sorry about that” he mumbled, looking anywhere but in Sherlock’s eyes. Sherlock made the deep, throaty sound that escaped him whenever he got confused about social situations and emotional norms.
The kiss was growing from sweetly to hotly in no time; before he knew how it happened, John found his tongue in his Sherlock’s mouth, while the younger man fisted his t-shirt like his life depended on it. He was shaking in earnest now, making little low moans as best as he was able when being snogged so thoroughly.
“I want to remember… please?”, he finally mumbled- his voice still held its deep baritone rumble, but otherwise sounded much younger, almost childlike. Because all this time, when he desperately searched for something to fill the holes in his memory, all he had to do was simply
“I-I’m…” the younger man swallowed, clearly struggling with whatever information he was about to share. John massaged circles around the small of Sherlock’s back and his hips, in what was he hoped was a soothing gesture. He couldn’t help noticing how smooth and warm Sherlock’s skin was right there, or how his fingertips left a wage of goosebumps.
. Save the heartbreak and the unbearable silence on Sherlock's part (John wanted to laugh at himself, for suddenly not wanting to shut that irritating, always deducing mouth. But he had missed the casual insults and observations about things only the genius seemed to see), of course. It felt even more than nice, if he was being honest. John found it fucking fantastic that Sherlock allowed him to take care of him. Every touch had been special and unique; an experience that most probably would remain a memory but nothing more.
He followed John with his eyes, when he sat down next to Graham again, a sickenly happy smile plastered on his stupid face. Sherlock felt like punching something. Jealously was a curious disease, but two could play this game, Sherlock thought, when he turned to the barkeeper and ordered the strongest shot with shaking fingers.
“So, tell us about the event you’ve got coming up.” Karamo places a warm hand on John’s arm just like he always does when he feels people radiating off nervous energy. It usually works wonders.
The detective crawled into their tent, careful to be as quietly as possible to not wake Rosie, wo was cuddled securely against her father’s chest.
“Please, John, lying is such a harsh word. Let’s just say he’s been a bit misinformed, but I will persuade him with my irresistible charm once he’s in the car.”
His cheeks were flushed rosy, and his eyes shone bright, the pupils slightly dilated from the excitement of the chase, and that honest smile had Sherlock forgetting how to speak for some seconds. This was stupid. He was Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock Holmes didn’t get dumbfounded by attraction. Not even if it was attraction for John Watson.
“We still need to clean up this mess, though” He gave Sherlock a pointed look. “You could make yourself useful,
and let the warmth from the detective’s shirt warm his face. He sighed, suddenly overcome by a powerful emotion.
John abandoned his previous crouching position to sit down on the pavement beside her. Passerbys gave them side-eyed stares and John made his polite ‘fuck off’ face.  His anxiety had lessened to a tiny tingle in his limps, but the emptiness in his chest stayed. Everything in his body sighed from exhaustion. He felt old. Battled, broken, and oh so very old.
I hope you guys like it, regardless. Comments, Kudos, and Bookmarks are much appreciated, they really make my day <3
John stopped dead in his tracks, heart jumping in his throat. They had been tiptoeing around the ’L’-word for a while, neither of them mustering the courage to actually say it. John had been careful, he had been afraid, he didn’t really trust himself or Sherlock to manage the implications of this simple phrase. There were the secrets and the Work as the most important priority in Sherlock’s life, and the right moment was never there, so they blatantly ignored it. Until now. Now Sherlock -mad, insufferable, wonderful Sherlock - bravely says it, in the least expected of unexpected moments.
?!” Sherlock blurted out, obviously unaware that he had even opened his mouth. “Why?” that was... almost whiney. It just…came out. He didn’t authorize this!
There is a familiar sneer forming on Sherlock’s face; the one he usually wears when he’s completely puzzled by others and angry at himself for not understanding them. “I’m a genius, but that’s hardly the point.”
It was a strange concept for him, but he felt himself been drawn to John in a way he could not fully wrap his head around. He didn’t just want the doctor to be happy, like he’d guess was normal for a friendship, but wanted him to be happy
Sherlock just circled his waist with his strong legs, trapping him to his spot on the sofa. That only irritated John more: Why couldn’t Sherlock see how important this was to him? Couldn’t he understand the significance of the thing he had just admitted?
Maybe he had been brooding over the wrong approach all the time. Evidently, he was the cause of John’s distress. But, instead of closing himself in and lamenting about changing the past, he should have made an effort to change the future. To actually
