“I think you’re being unfairly hard on me.”
“So take it how you will, but the older you are, the easier it is. Look at me,” he held up his hands. “Semi-functional and middle aged.”
“Maybe, ya. Feels like everything is taking longer than usual. Longer to set cordon, longer to sweep and flag, longer to disarm… It all seems way more draining than before.”
“What on God’s green, and dear Lord that is green, Earth are you eating?” Nick crossed his arms.
“There were days that I’d murder anyone between me and a cuppa. I’m not going to judge her too harshly,” John replied, straightening up in his chair as Sherlock made an appearance.
“Quite.” He disconnected the call and set the phone on the table. “I am beginning to reconsider the cost of sending you to sort the last of this mess.”
“Awfully short to be a major, innhe?”
“It’s a sideboard.”
Gee snorted.
“Oh Lord,” Bird spun on her heel and chased after Mary.
“Did you hit your head yesterday?”
“No,” Towerblock grinned. “I set him on fire on Christmas Eve. I was hit with the RPG on Christmas.”
“It is not acceptable.”
Bird stared for a moment. “Up your arse, Nick.” And she stormed out of the bunk.
“I do mass, Padre. You know that.”
“That the Queen’s government is more than-“
“If you say authentic, Sherlock, I will personally throw you out of this plane.”
“They’re always like that as well,” Towerblock murmured.
Towerblock laughed. "Everything you do from marching to taking a piss is political."
“Will you shift the resources originally allocated for the Dougal Inquisition to-“
“And you like being in command.”
“Aye,” Mac said gravely. “If you can deep fry a mars bar…”
“Really hurts,” Loo mumbled.
“Now I know you’re a sadist,” Nick winked.
Simon dabbed at his nose with heel of his hand gingerly. “I think she broke my nose.”
“What are you doing?” Even softly whispered, the sound of his voice seemed to break the solemn quiet in the shared space and Sherlock started, his hand lifting instantly.
“You are, ya numpty.” Mac dropped beside him.
“You’re not. But I’ll take it. In,” he handed her the half empty bottle and pointed at the open back of the mastiff.
“Yeah?” He twisted to face it again. “What… What did you have me do? I don’t get it.”
“It appears.” Mycroft returned the phone to the small table. “He seems to continually interrupt.”
“Would you have tolerated a burning building again long enough for someone that wasn’t a friend?”
John smirked. “You don’t snore either.”
“Happy to comp-“
“For the love of God, everyone just stay down!”
“You did.”
“That’s not what I meant,” he said firmly.
“Ah.” John’s weight shifted, only once. Then he’d adopted his rather frequent posture of parade rest. It was sharper than usual. Broader. Squarer. Militant. And he flushed out to the tips of his ears. “I was… I meant…”
“No,” Gee gave him a wry smile. “Thought I should tell you first.”
“What? You mean when I made sure you didn’t get leveled by another explosion?”
“Of course you do,” Sherlock huffed. “Though you do a remarkable job hiding it. I did always wonder why you dressed in black and grey. I merely assumed you were making a statement. Stupid. It’s always something.”
Nick crossed his arms. “Right.”
“John!” Sherlock grabbed the front of his shirt and yanked him back down behind the body of the vehicle. “If I’m not allowed to be an idiot, neither are you!”
“Ah, you know Bill. Workin’ hard. Hardly workin’. Whinging about his knees. Pranking the kids.”
Lestrade sighed in response to Donovan's vaguely sneering tone and his reply was laced with worry.
“Possibly.”
"What's up with him? Where's John?"
“Mr. Holmes? I do apologise for the intrusion. I wouldn’t call if I didn’t deem it… Relevant.”
“Yah?”
“Are you sleeping?”
John was unimpressed. “I’m holding you to your promise. No wandering about unsupervised.”
“You know what they say,” Mary smiled pleasantly. “I scratch your back…”
“Don’t be absurd. I’m intrigued.”
“Why do you even bother with him?”
“And how do I know you put it there?!”
“I’m no where near in good enough shape for this.”
“You’re clear,” Bird called.
Mary scoffed. “You don’t…”
“Tell him.”
Her boys had been through so much, both together and apart. She'd been there right at the start, to see Sherlock's eyes light up at John, to see Sherlock bring colour back to John's life after so long in shades of beige and grey. They fit together, belonged at each other's side, anyone who merely glanced at them could see it. Everyone who knew them could see it. But it was so tentative and unspoken between them and it made Martha's heart break to see them so uncertain and cautious.
“John.”
“I can only assume to be a right pain in my arse.”
“Right. No. That would be…”
Towerblock scratched at his chin and John almost smiled at how reminiscent it was of Murray. “The Lieutenant Colonel I suppose. But he called you in, didn’t he?”
“Yeah. Really busy.”
Nick stood and dusted himself off, throwing his hands in the air. “Gee! For the love of your papist God, I am trying to work!”
“Yup?”
Bird stopped suddenly and crossed her arms. “Absolutely not, Nick.”
“Then will you please, shut the blessed fock up?” Towerblock grumbled.
Surviving the second explosion of his short time in Afghanistan was somehow more pleasant than the first. To start, he wasn’t flat on the ground this time and he didn’t feel like his brain had been rattled around in his skull. Then again, bits of masonry and clumps of dried earth were showering down around them. But it seemed that John’s shoulders and back were taking the brunt of it where he’d thrown himself over Sherlock and wedged him against the wheel of the CV.
John squared his shoulders. “I’ll go sort-“
Sherlock made a disgusted noise and disconnected the line.
“Gesundheit?”
John snorted. “I’ll get you another one. Think you can see?”
“Come on,” Bird muttered, tugging Gee’s arm and eliciting a yelp of pain, even as they managed to fine relative safety.
“Simon.”
“Fucking hell, Nick!” Bird squawked as Nick walked into her.
“Everyone down!”
“Sir?”
He shook his head. “It’s stupid.”
“Fucking hell.” Towerblock punched his pillow.
John pushed into the med tent and was struck with a familiar fondness. Some things never changed. With no more than a glance, the practiced routine of ingrained system made it as easy to find supplies as if he’d stocked the place himself. And be it tradition or discipline, Mag Aoidh kept to the same standards. Even the way she had braced her knuckles against the desk, John wondered if stubbornness was a prerequisite for their vocation. “Sit down, Captain.”
“You are stabbing me with a needle, you stupid Paddy!”
“Is there anything to be said for saying another mass?” Gee muttered.
“Ah, they could do better,” Towerblock huffed.
“Breathe. In and out. You have to breathe. In… Out…”
“ATO. Fucking fine day for incinerating all my evidence.” Nuttall shook his hand. “You do realize I actually need the bombs to do my job.”
John jumped at the sudden volume in the otherwise silent room.
“You too?”
Mycroft sighed and slid his phone free of its confining pocket. “Ah.” He frowned. “I do have to excuse myself.”
“Really? I heard you had an MP on base and there was a car bomb.” John smiled benignly. “That must have been a worse situation.”
------
“I’m not arguing with you on this.”
“Dangerous not to,” he offered with a shrug, squinting at the window.
Self-preservation had never been one of his strong suits. But in spite of his intention to move forward again, a small palm planted itself over his sternum and shoved. Hard. For a moment, he was surprised by just how much force Mag Aoidh had managed to put behind the thrust that had propelled him behind the mastiff and flat on his back.
“That’s what tends to happen when they run away. Get to the fucking point!”
He worried his lower lip, watching Sherlock’s face for any hint of deception. “Really?”
“Sherlock?”
“Commiserate,” John quirked a brow.
“Would you say he was upset enough that he saw red?”
He shrugged. “Fine. I’ll help with your Halloween thing.”
“Sir,” Towerblock was trying to be tactful. He was trying so very very hard to be tactful. “With all due respect, why do we always get landed with these babysitting jobs? We’ve better things to do with our time than minding a pair of PONTIs!”
Nick noticed the movement and darted out of the Det, making a bee-line for Sherlock. “Holmes?” Gee, not to be left behind, strode after him as purposefully as she could without limping.
She narrowed her eyes at him. “Liar.”
“Not Geih, Gee. Why Gee?”
“Down!”
“Enthusiastically.”
And then he rightfully decided to keep his kiss-blessed forehead out of sight.
“Mmn. He is unusual…”
“God dammit!” Nick swore. “If I go out there…”
“I wish it was pleasure, Mr. Holmes. Though I cannot tell you how lovely it is to have a civilised chat on British soil over a nice cup of tea.”
“I…” She grit her teeth and crossed her arms in return. “This is my tent!”
Mary pulled back indignantly. “Nick.”
“Greggs would nae do this.”
“Nope,” Mac grinned. “Skip just doesn’t see it that way. He has it all backwards in his head.”
“Sniper!” Simon shouted. “Sniper!”
Sherlock gave him a long, appraising look. “You’re living with your ex?”
“And I’m boooooored,” Sherlock whined.
“No.”
“Holmes! Get in the CV!” He blotted her face with a clean swatch of gauze. “Alright. Open.”
“No. Thank you, my dear.” He retrieved his own mobile and sent a quick text of his own.
“Get down!”
Nuttall grinned. “No innocents left here, ya twat.”
“Take your time,” he said patiently. “Just tell me exactly what you told Donovan.”
“Good. Great. Excellent. If the Major here will let me back up, I can render safe and we can get the bloody hell out of this shit show.”
Lestrade had tried to insist on an ambulance but had given up when Sherlock had simply walked away, making sure to be seen hailing a cab. The effort in throwing up his arm at the side of the road had pulled agonisingly on the slashes in his skin and he could feel his tattered shirt sticking to his skin where the blood had dried. Luckily none of the gang were particularly adept with their chosen weapons and the cuts felt as though they would be mostly superficial, none should require stitches. John would've known for sure, but Sherlock would clean himself, patch up the worst of them and fall into bed. Sleep. Sleep would help him heal. He pushed open the flat door with almost closed eyes and sighed heavily. He shrugged off his coat in the doorway, opened his eyes and froze.
“Gregory, that makes no sense.”
“Yeah, a little.”
“As little brothers are wont to do.”
“SIMON!” Bird shouted. “Get him out of here!”
“Yeah. I see,” Lestrade agreed. “And you’re right. It’s not a suicide.”
“That’d be a car bomb, Skip,” Mac said frankly.
“RIGHT!” Nick shouted to bring an end to all the messing. “Bluestone 42, off we fuck!”
“What did I tell you last time? I said, you’ve got to bring me something! And you go and det four of them? C’mon, mate, you gotta do better than that!”
“Oh! Oh!” Bird hit Towerblock’s arm again.
“Hm?”
The building in the middle of the cluster exploded in a ball of fire.
“Gee!” When she didn’t instantly appear, Nick shouted again. “Captain Mag Aoidh!”
Sherlock frowned. “That is… Inconvenient.”
“They are.”
“Yes, Simon, what? Can’t you see our… Friends are leaving?” Nick bobbed his head towards the helo.
“Boss on the move!”
"I didn't. Just," he gestured at the gun. "Wasn't thinking this."
“That isn’t the threat you believe it to be.”
“Major.” Her posture was a bit too upright.
Nick clapped him on the shoulder. “And here I was worried you’d gone and changed.”
Bird didn’t hide her grin. “I can still read. So it’s bright enough.”
“It’s the guts of the killer Medhurst pulled out of the ground today,” Nutsack replied, gesturing to each part in turn. “Pressure plate and switch, initiator, nice heaping of C4.”
“Yes, tea would be lovely, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock said smoothly, manhandling Dr. Watson back into the kitchen and towards the tray. “And John will have coffee. And… My brother will have tea, no sugar, no scone for him. How
“But then, the Americans haven’t been this far out in Afghanistan in years. So where would they-“
“Alright. I’m getting the sense.”
“Sherlock,” John shook his head. “I was doing my job.”
“Is it easier?”
“Arm up, let me see.” John squatted, dropping below Gee’s eye line. There was a patchwork of purple and red, forming a rather clear pattern down the side of her chest, disappearing into the line of her bra. She’d be lucky if nothing was broken. “Let me know if it hurts, yeah?” He palpated along her ribs, cautious when he reached the deepening bruises.
“All the time.” John tugged the battery from Sherlock’s hand and replaced it on the table. “Why?”
Nick stared. “You told me I only had a flesh wound.”
“Well, no, not really. But he’s out of surgery. They relayed in that they were going to keep him in ICU for a day, then all going to plan, they want to ship him home.”
“My ears are ringing.”
“Project.” John managed a tired smile as he pushed to stand.
John stared at them. He blinked, tilted his head, and looked. “I don’t get it.”
“And this would make you… less livid?” Sherlock raised a brow in question.
“I bet you freckle.”
“Sir. Sorry, sir,” Mag Aoidh tugged her gear free of the mastiff. “But speaking of,” she turned towards Nick. “Med tent, now.”
“Really?”
“Christ, Simon!” Towerblock barked.
“What are you doing?”
“Did who?”
“Grand.”
“He…” He chewed on his lower lip, rallying himself. “He’s the ex.”
“It’s a two at best. This one is at least a seven.”
“It’s not that bad,” she mumbled.
“Why is there a toilet in the Det?”
Slowly, eventually, the mirth petered out and John sat up with a sigh. “Christ, what a mess.”
“I have life experience, Captain,” John added wryly. “And I like to keep… on top of the problems.”
“It’s normal to be shaken. This is fine. We’re fine,” he dropped a hand onto the back of Sherlock’s head.
John shook his head and pulled his palm back from his face. “Fucks sake. We’ve talked about this, Sherlock. You don’t lick the evidence.”
“Gasoline tank. Or propane. Or…”
"It's a shit choice, but Nick made the right one."
Gee darted around the side of the building, dashing through the uncovered space to reach Loo. “Christ!” She planted both hands on the bleed point of his leg as she dropped to her knees, ignoring his shout. “Jesus, Loo.”
Gee chewed on her lower lip, eyes flicking across the pages in front of her. “Towerblock submitted his reports recently. And I was going over the numbers.”
Greg cracked a smile.
“Boss,” Bird clicked into the coms. “We’ve a small situation out here.”
Sherlock twisted at the sound of John’s voice over the coms. What on earth did he think he was doing?
“Oh God… Shit… O-oh shit…”
“For wha?” Rocket blinked.
Nick’s face pinched momentarily and he tilted his head. “Two of them. There,” he pointed to the corner of the far building. “And there,” he indicated the road sign at the bend. “I want you, Loo, Bird, and Rocket up front.”
“Hello, bitches. What mess have you got for me?”
“The walls go
She nodded slowly. “Fair play.”
“Make it worth your time?” She made a rude gesture with her hand.
“Hestheex,” John mumbled in an incoherent slur.
you can, or did you already forget that?”
“Well. If she were gay, that would mean that she likes girls.”
“And it’s Gee, not Geih?”
“You like your detectives to show initiative.”
“Oh… Right. Of course.”
“Oh, that went right out the window when you didn’t give me a heads up first.”
“My what?”
Gee glanced around the corner of the building and was nearly shot for her trouble. “Fuck. Loo, stay down!”
She sighed, “It’s the small victories, Sir.”
Mycroft frowned again. “You are intoxicated?”
“You like pulling rank.”
John laughed. “I told your uncle I’d make sure you were looked after.”
“Tempting, but no.”
“I’ve been led to believe that is quite rude.”
“Since I came to Frost to join Bluestone.”
“Do you want me to find a leather strap for ye to bite down on?” In fairness, she was being liberal with the local, and quite meticulous in the multiple injection sites. “Whatever happened to the British stiff upper lip? Or are you poncy twats all so inbred your chins have gone weak?” She set the syringe down and glared at him.
“Get offa me, or you will regret it!” One of them shook his arm free of the other’s grip and stomped towards the DFAC.
“Oh I get it. I just wonder. Don’t you think
“John!”
“No!” Sherlock hissed, digging his fingers into his curls. “Delete!”
“It actually perfectly matches the color of your eyes.”
“Just the one.”
“Of course,” Sherlock hummed.
Gee’s face coloured. “I… don’t like lying, Sir?”
“What does that mean?”
Nick frowned at them until they stopped laughing. “Better question. Where is our fucking medic?”
“And I figure that local has kicked in, you dumb proddy bastard.”
Mycroft threaded his fingers together and rested them across his lap. “And if that were the case?”
Sherlock grinned as he reached for the photos. “What do you call living with me?”
“Right,” Mary repeated. “Captain Mag Aoidh, if you need anything…”
“What do ya mean ‘where’?” Mac’s face creased.
Mac tossed a bottle to John who caught it one handed and settled Gee against the side of the mastiff as Towerblock and Rocket hoisted Loo into the vehicle.
“Oh God…”
The movement that quirked the corner of Mycroft’s mouth could very nearly be interpreted as a smile.
“Christ,” Towerblock muttered, darting forward and taking Loo’s free arm. “Rocket!” Rocket was there a moment later, relieving Mag Aoidh of Loo’s weight and helping Towerblock haul him to the mastiff.
Bird toed the cover face-up and raised a brow. “Ivan Denisovich is bad literature?”
“I would like to go home now.”
“Dry dressing then.” He carefully smoothed a waterproof bandage over the top and snapped off his gloves. “Up you get. I want to have a look at your shoulder again and have a listen to your lungs.”
Mac sighed and tried to pull Rocket away from the empty food line. “C’mon ya ninny. We can sit an’ relax.” He turned to see Simon talking to Gee and at the floor. “An’ we can stop Skip from doing whate’re the hell he’s doing.”
“Explain it to me.”
“Listen, if the pair of ya don’t shut up, I will make ya shut up!”
As his mind uselessly filed through image after image, after memory after memory of John, Sherlock felt his chest grow heavier and heavier. John was still an illuminator, his conductor of light, but he glowed more dully than Before. He was subdued and quiet. He had always somewhat faded into the background as Sherlock shone, something they had often both taken advantage of on cases, but it was as if there were mere echoes of John standing in where he had once been. Even as he faded though John still filled all of Sherlock's empty spaces, all of the gaps in his heart, finishing all of the unfinished lines and shapes. Completing Sherlock himself.
“It is.”
“I am being serious, John!”
“Or the new suit!”
John spun around sharply. “It IS something. And say what you like, but I’m grounding the whole of Bluestone for a week.”
“John?”
“You know there’s a multimetre for that,” John frowned.
“I don’t fancy yelling to be heard when I say what I want to say, yeah?”
“I rather thought we’d be greeted by your captain,” Sherlock mused.
“Shears!” Towerblock guffawed.
“I’ve been assured he’s twenty-one.” Sherlock placed another three pictures on the table. “Reverend Major Mary Greenstock. From Lincolnshire. Relationship failure and pointless publishing career drove her into the military. Faruq; I’ve been assured he has no surname. Officially, he is the unit translator. Unofficially, he acts as a local fixer. And finally, Lieutenant Colonel Philip Smith. I have found no record of his assignment to Frost and yet he spends an increasing amount of time there.”
“Mary,” he greeted impatiently.
“It is. Nick,” Nuttall gave a nod and eyed Sherlock. “And you are?”
“I refuse Mycroft, because he’s an insufferable know-it-all who cannot keep from sticking his fat nose in my business. He is pathologically incapable of delegating responsibility or trusting those in his employ. And most of all, on nearly every occasion, he has been more than capable of handling every eventuality should he cease being endlessly lazy and actually leave his desk.”
“Boss?” Towerblock gave a small nod, adjusting his stance as he noted Nick’s mood. “Cuppa?”
“Oh God,” Loo murmured.
“I’m sure it is.”
“No?”
Sherlock stood stiffly and, taking a deep breath, hurried to his room to quickly change his clothes. Fresh suit hastily thrown on, he tapped out a curt reply to Lestrade to say he was on his way and reached for his coat. He paused at the top of the stairs, phone still in his hand, fingers twitching over a blank message. Sherlock's face betrayed no sense of the twisted anguish he felt; he desperately wanted to text John (
Mag Aoidh rolled her eyes and squinted at Sherlock, tilting her head in question. He gave her a weak approximation of a thumbs up and dropped flat onto his back again. It seemed perversely unfair that it was a cloudless, blue sky overhead.
"Yeah. Fine."
“There’s a shout on. Just came in a moment ago.”
“I’m fucking your brother,” Lestrade said flatly.
“No. But your brother was with Bluestone in the field. I thought you’d rather be kept apprised.”
“You were supposed to do it in greyscale, I was supposed to use the bold colors.” Sherlock eyed the project with detached curiosity. “And yet…”
“Simon! Keep an eye on the cluster fuck out there! I swear to God if another arsehole shoots at me today, I’ll kill you with my bare hands!” Medhurst smacked the side of the mastiff. “Bird! Get me a bloody ETA on these Canteen clowns!”
“What did you mean by a daisy-chain?” Towerblock crossed his arms over his chest and tilted his head to the side.
“No,” John’s shoulders sagged in relief or exhaustion or both. “No, we can’t.”
“Not broken, then? I’ll just have a quick listen, then I’ll deal with that lac.” It wasn’t as though he hadn’t seen them. He had, certainly. But he’d dismissed the scars as old injury. Now, as he auscultated along her back, he could actually give them attention. They were old; old enough to be well healed, or as well healed as they’d ever be. Blotchy patches of darkened, puckered skin seemed to fan across her back and left side. The pattern was vaguely familiar. He set the stethoscope aside. “Sounds ok. Any difficulty taking a deep breath?”
“They who do not have names. So drop it?”
A moment later, Towerblock’s seat was occupied again. “Captain,” John gave Gee a nod.
“Literally,” Mac chimed in.
Mac tugging him right back down. “You’re going to get shot, ya bleeding numpty!”
“What glens?”
“Did she say she was in the loo?” Rocket asked.
“How long do you reckon he’ll be like that?”
“There’s no girl in the picture.” John started rambling. “We broke up last term. I thought he was ok with it. It was mutual. He started the conversation in the first place. He’s even seeing someone else.”
“Not reasonable though,” Mac shook his head. “Skip isn’t reasonable.”
“Aye,” Mac responded.
Nick sighed. “What the bloody hell is MI-6 doing in the middle of arse-end nowhere Afghanistan?”
“That you brought color into his otherwise dull existence.”
“So,” John started conversationally. “You got stuck with us then?”
“Something from overseas.”
“Stop looking at me like that! Christ! What are you on about?!”
“Sherlock? Can you look at me? Just here, at me, for a moment?”
“Probably better they don’t. It’s a nice distraction for them.”
“Why would that…”
“Now you’ve done it.”
“Oh yeah. And I’ve had him.” Greg ran his tongue over his teeth from behind his tight smile. “A. Lot.”
“And ‘don’t do anything without giving me a heads up first, Sally’?”
“Mine?” John raised a brow.
“Never would have happened to you, Sir,” Simon gave a small nod.
Sherlock smiled. “I am familiar with the sentiment.”
Mycroft shifted in his chair. “Do you need to go home?”
She glanced up, a wry look. “I’ll do my best.”
"Right."
“You’re the one that saw that car.”
"Ha!"
There was another pause. “Why?”
“No!” Sherlock grabbed the front of his shirt and pulled him down. “Don’t you dare!”
“Ya. Good out here.”
“Clearly he jumped.”
Gee sat.
“You know,” Mag Aoidh snapped on a pair of nitrile gloves. “You really aren’t my type.”
“Keeping you from bodily harm. I also had an idea.”
“So… let me guess then,” Gee squinted at the toilet next to the couch.
“Well that wasn’t English,” Rocket muttered.
“Yes?”
“Then by all means; I do miss him dearly. I hope he’s mostly intact.”
John swatted his shoulder with the back of his hand. “Oi. Keep mouthing off. See what happens.” Even the back of Sherlock’s neck flushed, but John plowed on, ignoring it completely. “I’m going to grab a cuppa. Feel free to swing by the med tent when you’ve realized I packed your clean pants in the side pocket of your bag.”
“Feeling lucky?”
Everyone turned to far end of the yard.
“Absolutely,” the Colonel nodded and they both dove for the cover of a nearby wall.
An insincere smile stretched across Mycroft’s face. “Very good. I would hate to have to pull Sherlock and the Major from Frost before a mutually satisfactory resolution to your current predicament can be found.”
“You were in Bastion. I can’t imagine you were bad at your job. In fact, I’d think you were getting a good deal of experience. So why here?”
“You requested the transfer to Frost.”
“Yes. Just like that.”
"John?"
“You’re very welcome.”
“Since I finished undergrad.” He wadded up the paper towel and tossed it into the rubbish bin.
Gee hummed and shook her head. “It was kinda funny.”
“Not me,” John shook his head. “I’m all for drawing attention, but I won’t be able to hit him. Not anymore.”
“She’ll get a VC at this rate. For fuck’s sake!” He strode off towards the med tent and past the Det.
“Bitch!” Simon scrambled, trying to find his feet.
“And how much destruction do we expect them to bring down upon us?”
John stretched, cracked his neck from side to side, and scratched the back of his head. “Where else am I supposed to sleep?”
Gee made her way cautiously into the Det, focusing carefully on not spilling her coffee.
“You’re a medic.”
“That’s ridiculous.”
“I never call you Sally.”
“Of course. But also not why I’m here.”
“I just want to know…”
Mycroft sighed and answered his persistently vibrating mobile. “Yes?”
“Yeah, alright.” It was only moments before the bulk of Bluestone 42 was in the tent.
Lestrade gave her a nod and a wry smile. “Aren’t you supposed to say something profound right now?”
Sherlock frowned and perched on the edge of his cot. “Livid?”
She suppressed a smile. “Tea then?”
“That’s grand, Simon!” Nick hollered. He leaned into Gee’s space, “Happy?”
“What’s your point, Sherlock?”
John’s face flushed. “I mean… I… Bollocks.” He pulled out from under Sherlock’s hands and turned around, trying to put a small amount of space between them. “I mean, I don’t… They don’t…”
He turned with a pleased smile. “Gordo. Mornin’.”
“Don’t trust you taking out your own stitches. Besides,” John shrugged. “If you’re not in fighting form, someone ought to keep them in line.”
Sherlock could picture the scene as John arrived home; shoulders drawn in and slumped, the left just beginning to ache. John would hide his discomfort, would sink onto the sofa (Sherlock could tell that he never slept in his marital bed), brightly coloured cushions and walls and artwork mocking the roiling mass of grief and anger at John's core. John would snort and reach for the bottle of whisky that had somehow moved from the kitchen cupboard to the coffee table. He would pour a reasonable measure into his glass and drink it slowly. Slowly and carefully, mindful of his memories but craving the oblivion. He would drink it slowly until he was no longer drinking slowly. Then it would fall to the floor with a soft clink and a gentle slosh of liquid, the glass slipping from his hand to join it, its contents spilling and seeping into the carpet. John's head would drop to his (right) shoulder, his face losing some of its misery as he dozed quietly. The night would crawl by and eventually a new day would peer around the curtains and wash the man on the sofa in a new wave of self-loathing.
Gee raised a brow, “The Major and his… friend?”
“On the regular.”
Rocket giggled. “Gee buggered Skip!”
“He’s above your pay grade,” Nick said with a chuckle. “Now. Tell me if you’ve got anything new for me.”
“You’re always hungry.” Biffo shook the ladle at him. “And you’re always here. And I keep telling you, you eat when the food is ready, not before!”
“Sherlock,” Mycroft kept his greeting terse.
“Jesus, you too?” Gee shifted enough that John set a hand on her back to still her.
“Well it’s right up his bloody street, isn’t it.”
“Yeah,” Bird gave a small flick of her hand.
“Actually, Frankenstein was the scientist.”
“An idea? How novel for you.”
“Yeah.” John blew out a long breath. He squared back up, collected himself, and forced a smile. “Don’t know why I’m telling you all this. It’s just so stupid. One in a million chance. Maybe I should play the lotto.”
“To the Caine account. I have already arranged that.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Because I need some supplies from home, and we really ought to have a chat with your flatmate.”
“At least I haven’t gotten myself blown up.”
“He… Was… One of the Royal Engineers.”
“I can imagine.”
“The wah?”
“You deep fried the turkey?!” John laughed hard enough he had to slap the table.
“Gregory, no.”
Sherlock stooped, keeping his voice low and hushed in John’s ear. “Don’t engage them, John. Once they get started they’ll never stop.”
“Cannae keep the gun?”
“No…”
“It’s my job, Sir.”
“Sherlock, something like this needs to be earned! From experience. And living in a war zone.”
Mac shook his head. “Cheers, Skip.”
Loo scoffed. "Rocket is eating, Mac is being disgusting, Nick is being a pompous twat, Gee and Bird are likely about to kill them all, and Simon is sulking in a corner."
“Don’t you dare.”
“Yeah.”
“I’m curious,” John grinned and started suturing.
“Good evening.”
“Transport out of Bastion is oan th’way. Less than thirty minutes.”
“Maybe she just likes coffee,” Rocket offered. Mac shook his head.
“Yes, but…”
“You really should.”
“Well aren’t we all just glad Gee could recognize a bomber at a distance.”
“You always were a damn fine fencer. I think I’ve missed sparring against you.”
“You have the worst timing…” He carefully removed her hand and tugged on a shirt. “This is just one thing, in a long line of bloody awful things, that I would rather not remember. Oh look,” he pointed at the bandage. “A permanent reminder of the fact that I ought to write Gee up for a medal. But only if I’m not publically flogged within an inch of my life for being a stupid twat first.”
Mary sighed. “Fine. Fine. But when I need a help with the Halloween party in two weeks, I fully expect you to volunteer.”
“Probably. Yes.” Nick rolled his eyes. “She’s in a strop at me, but that’s not the point.”
He raised a brow. “Gregory…”
Sherlock hummed. “It still seems an irrationally strong response to wanting a better position on the rugby team.”
Sherlock grumbled again. Shouting into the coms made his head spin.
“My flatmate?” John tugged his coat and scarf from his locker, but by the time it was closed up, Sherlock was out the door. “Sherlock? Sherlock, wait! Why my flatmate?!” John ran to catch up with him.
Bird bumped her hip off of Jasmine’s, “Jazz!”
“TAPEWORM!” Jasmine barked.
“Oi, Holmes following you over there?”
“What?”
“Good.” John grinned.
“Not at all. I think this one’s yours.”
“No,” he finally lowered his hands, turning his face away.
“Tell me about the Padre?”
“And Mag Aoidh?”
“You’d need eyes on for a remote and you’d have to be just right with it for it to work at all.” She traced the grain of the wood for a second. “If you did it right, everyone dies. But more than likely, it’s a giant waste of time and energy.”
They settled in the far corner with mugs of coffee and Nuttall leaned forward, elbows on the table. “So. What can I help you with?”
Bird shook her head, following on his heels. “Gee’s the one that saw it. I just shouted with her.”
“Boss?”
“You sure? I have a surprising surplus.”
John rubbed a hand over his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose.
“Hold please,” Nick cut in. “Would someone, preferably in my infantry protection, bloody well shoot those bastards?”
“It’s just,” he spread his hands out in an ineffective gesture. “Squads don’t do that.”
“Nothing?” John offered. “Sit.”
“Of course, Sir.” Anthea nodded and resumed her constant occupation with her mobile. “Anything else?”
“You would be incorrect.”
“It is. Eat.”
“We’re ok.”
“I need information.”
He tutted.
“Sherlock,” John growled without moving his arm. “We’ll be going on their next shout. I need sleep. Either shut up, or get out.”
“Promise me.”
“RPG!” Towerblock shouted.
“That won’t be necessary. I assure you.”
“Quite the audience,” Bird murmured.
John blew out a breath. “God only knows. We ought to grab a pint some time.”
“Have you ever seen Simon try to apologise before?” Birds hands were on her hips.
“Visit the Padre?” Nick strode into the room unannounced and pulled up into parade rest.
“Forever,” Towerblock groaned.
“Hello, brother dear.”
“I’m here, because the poor team that took the shout yesterday is worse for it. Lost two infantry and the ATO’s literal right hand.”
“It’s not my fault either!” he roared back.
“Look, Sir. I… It’s going to sound crazy.” Erikson gave him a pleading look. “I’m going to sound crazy.”
“And there’s Wound Seal in there.”
“Until the literal second I walked out of the Yard?”
Gee snorted. “Are you familiar with the Rolling Stones?”
“He’s got a point,” Mac dropped into the seat across from her.
“Hope,” he said frankly. “Just… Hope.”
“Sir.”
“EVERYONE DOWN!”
That was also a mistake. Because directly in his line of sight was now the other room. Door closed. Door always closed. John felt his chest heave. I blinked at the glass in his hand, an odd floral pattern, and bile choked the back of his throat. How or when the glass left his hand, he didn’t really care. The shattering glass was a token satisfaction, but lacking. He watched the amber liquid trickle down the wall, soaking into carpet and linens, and glisten with all the glinting shards of glass. Good. It looked how he felt.
In the aftermath of everything that's happened, John has withdrawn and feels more wounded than ever. He won't touch anyone unless he's offering medical assistance, barely tolerates being at Baker Street and never stays, always going back to that horrid flat in the suburbs. Sherlock desperately wants to help John heal, but John knows it's all his fault. Whatever Sherlock is struggling with now, John knows he is the one to blame.
John sighed. “Is it good?” He gestured helplessly. “Just tell me this is good enough.”
And for what reward? Not financial. And certainly not fame. More often than not, John was ignored in favor of flouting the celebrity of Sherlock himself.
John sighed softly. “Captain Medhurst, I’m not sure you’ve noticed, but I’m in the middle of medic-ing your medic.” He tilted up his chin. “As she is more wounded than the affronted and hardly injured party, I am going to need you to step outside.”
“Off?” Bird spared a glance at Gee before following her line of vision and squinting at the smattering of people.
“WISWO!”
Mycroft connected the line as he turned his frown towards Lestrade, hesitating a moment before pacing out of the room. “Yes, put him through.”
Mac burst out laughing.
And the way he bristles at her polite contact is the only shelter he has. He can’t look her in the eye, and he couldn’t be near Sherlock. God forbid he nearly kill his best friend again. And John Watson certainly can’t bear to touch him, because all he can see if he has a hand on Sherlock’s skin is the blood pouring out from between his own fingers and that feeling of absolute desperateness that had him praying. Again. John Watson had prayed. And this was his penance. Self-imposed abstinence. Before he could damage anything else or anyone else with his fucking cursed touch. Healing hands? Not anymore.
John groaned. “For the love of…”
Mycroft frowned as his phone buzzed in his breast pocket. It was neither the time nor the place for calls. He really ought to finish reading this dossier. He really ought to have finished this prior to leaving the office. And he really ought to be better company this morning.
“I think I’d rather be feared,” Smith tilted his head as if deep in thought. “Pity.” He nodded and headed for the CO’s office as the chopper landed in the open space behind them.
John sighed. “Fine. Where do the wires normally come from?”
“So… how it probably should have looked.”
“No, Rocket, ya numpty. That’s her name.”
Mycroft sighed again. “Sherlock.”
“Rocket?” Rocket gave Mary a confused look. “Why are we saying our names?”
“Less disillusioned?”
“Oi, genius!”
“Holmes!”
“You,” Sherlock poked a finger at John’s chest. “Insist on repeatedly putting yourself in danger.”
“Right. Well. He’s old, Gordo, and his memory is going.” John took a long sip of his coffee. “So.”
John stretched, rolled his shoulder until it popped, and grinned. “I did.”
“Wow,” Loo shook his head.
Lestrade frowned. “Who jumps from the roof of an old mill?”
Bird closed her eyes and sighed, asking for patience that was long vanished. “No, Nick. In all the few short months I’ve shared a bunk with Gee, I cannot recall seeing her with her shirt off. Happy?”
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively. “The upgrade is fully installed. I simply release sections of it every day to appear productive.”
“Hey,” John pushed through the door to the bunk. “Sherlock, I’m absolutely-“
Sherlock tracked Nuttall as he paced out of the office. “So you have Weapons Intelligence working on this too.”
This time, John frowned. Now it was starting to get rude.
“John, breathe.”
“Sure. At least being over here keeps you from robbing cars.”
“On it, Boss.”
The door to the flat was wide open and Martha stopped in her tracks, and she had to tamp down on the sniff of tears at the sight which greeted her.
“Ah, gents, have you had the pleasure of meeting our medic?”
“You don’t have to tell me twice,” Loo sighed. “I’m well aware…”
“Sure.”
“Christ.”
“No.”
Simon pouted and gave a nod.
“Captain Medhurst!”
Nick buried a grumble in the process of lighting a cigarette. “Let’s just say that I’d rather get a buggering from a sandstorm than attend another event with that complete bell end. Come to think of it, why weren’t you there, Wills?”
John cleared his throat. “Captain?”
The burst of gunfire broke through the tinnitus and he winced. Hearing was back then. Oh, and the coms were on.
"Oi! Enough! Go check in with Anderson, see if he's finished processing the bedroom yet." Donovan huffed but obediently left, her footsteps stomping up the stairs.
“Lansley’s gonna be pissed,” Gee chuckled.
“John…”
“Pastels, please.”
“Mac!”
“I rather think you ought to have told me. I can understand attempting to keep it under wraps, but clearly someone else knew and is no where near as magnanimous as I am about this.”
Towerblock grinned and winked. “Keep yer detective away from me, so.”
“Relatively certain isn’t your best.”
This was born of Jam's need to have a touch-starved Sherlock try to help a broken John. And I literally cannot help myself when Jam suggests something. So there was no dragging, I came along willingly and brought the ANGST (with a capital A). Jam framed the story with her spot-on Sherlock and, as per usual, John runs in right on Sherlock's heels. Then Jam wrote a nice little Mrs. Hudson fluff... I have... edited. So it's... a resolution, of sorts. ~Ewebie
“Whatever you want, Captain.”
“Major Watson is,” Smith said frankly.
“Mmn,” Gee agreed.
"I'm getting that."
“I am… not intoxicated. Thank you.”
“I think you’ve been in the sun too long.”
“GODDAMNIT, GEE!” Nick shouted, grabbing her wrist. “If this is what passes for medical attention in the boggy, potato swamps you micked out of-“
“Me?” Mag Aoidh’s fingers curled into fists against the worktop. “Jesus! If I wanted to watch bigoted pricks like you get blown up, I’d never need left Shankill.”
“Sorry.” She gave a relieved nod and gestured at the empty spaces around the table. “Sit?”
“Not at all.” John flashed cheeky smile. “They’re in good hands, Major Greenstock.”
“Mah piss is yellow!” Mac shouted from the far end of the mastiff.
John jumped as the hands came down on his shoulders. “Christ, don’t scare me like that,” he hissed over his shoulder.
Sherlock nodded slowly.
“I heard you’d dropped off the face of the Earth,” Nick rambled on. “Or at least Sebastian surely wished you had.”
Loo huffed. "You know, I joined the army because I was sick of politics and just wanted have a clear idea of what I was supposed to do."
“The Prime Minister of Montenegro is due to arrive in four hours.”
“What was Muireann right about?”
“Oi!” He tried to look offended. “Now there’s less of me to love. Towerblock, I’m not really feeling this whole careful disarmament to preserve the gothic landscape nonsense today. What do you say we just blow it all the fuck up and go home?”
John snorted. “You think I’d still be playing rugby if I’d hit my head that hard?”
“Rocket!” Towerblock called.
He rolled his eyes. “Reilly. Sally. Now.”
Gee sighed. “It’s nothing.”
“That’s just because you make me lose my mind.”
Nick sighed heavily. “Fine. Next time.”
Sherlock is still here, despite everything that John has put him through. He's taking on cases again, but he's so fragile too. John cannot lose Sherlock again, so he makes sure to keep his best friend at arm's length, for his own safety. It's too dangerous to be close to John. John is still here, in spite of the dangers he brought down on everyone around him. And Sherlock tolerates him. And John is terrified. He knows what it's like to almost lose Sherlock, he can't lose him again, and he cannot hurt him again. It's too dangerous to be close to Sherlock.
Sherlock snorted inelegantly. “You’re having fun.”
She smiled pleasantly. “The world has continued to spin for the past thirty-six hours.”
He cleared his throat. “Can I trust you not to grow handsy?”
“Boss?!”
“Here?!”
“Is that physically possible?” Loo groaned.
“You told him he should what?” Bird squawked, planting herself in front of Mary and glaring.
Towerblock shouted an obscenity into his pillow, then leaned over the edge of his bunk to swing the thing at Rocket. “Ya, you plonker.”
“What can I do for you, Myc?”
“Don’t be ridiculous. You’re more likely to be struck by lightning.”
Sherlock tilted his head slightly.
“Colonel.” Mycroft disconnected the phone and stared at it thoughtfully for a moment.
“John?”
“That is, as someone who sees, as a style that, I…” Sherlock seemed to lose track of himself. “I think I’m flattered.”
“I doubt that’s my problem, Major.”
“So.”
“Guests?” Nick stalked into the DFAC. “Is that the delicate terminology we’re now using for interlopers and PONTIs, no offense, Major, that will make doing our job bloody hard?”
“Pea nut-butter sandwich!” Faruq grinned.
Sherlock kept blinking, the colour draining rapidly from his face.
Rocket gleefully threw his arms around Gee, pulling her three feet clear of Simon’s sprawled form. “Nice punch, Gee!”
“SIT!”
Sherlock grumbled.
------
“Loo,” John finished for her with grin. “I get that. But why the,” he paused, bobbed his head at the infantry. “Why the Johnny on the Job?”
Nick swept a hand behind them, “And that’s a lot of shrubs and dirt. Variety is the spice of life, Gee.”
“Right. But. Why are you doing that
“I didn’t promise so that you could go and get yourself shot!”
“I want you at strangling height,” John said flatly.
“Captain,” Nick nodded politely.
“Meeting in Bastion, I think. He dropped in as I popped off.” Nuttall gave a shrug. “Now look, I’ll have a nosey and see what I can find. But I need you to bring me something, yeah?”
“Yeah, you totally do.” He winked at her. “Right, but have you? Think about it. In all the time you’ve shared a bunk. Has she come back from a shower? Asked you to rub her shoulders?”
“Jesus,” Towerblock shook his head.
“Biffa will give you three extra breakfasts?” Towerblock offered blindly.
“Gee!” Medhurst boomed, clapping her on the shoulder. John winced sympathetically as the faint smile on her face wavered. “Tell me we’re in for an interesting day.”
“That why Nick was going on about it? Does it look awful?”
“Black and tan?” Loo offered.
“Apparently not.”
“You’ll be happy to know I returned to Frost relatively unscathed. The Lieutenant Colonel suggested you would like to be made aware.”
The quiet shattered with another round blasting through one of the tables. On reflex, Simon propped his forearms on the edge of the table and squeezed off a few rounds with his side arm.
“There was contact, Sir,” Bird interrupted.
“God forbid. What about the case that Greg had for you? That’s here. And doesn’t involve your brother in the least.”
“Will the wonders never cease?”
“This one has the distinct advantage of distance.” Sherlock swung his legs over the side of the sofa in an exaggerated sitting motion. “No matter the level of involvement he wishes to maintain, I think he’ll find it impossible.”
Nick dropped his arm and rolled his eyes. “I’ll touch you,” he muttered.
“Inappropriate, Sherlock,” Dr. Watson grumbled, though it did not escape Mycroft’s notice that he was busy buttering a scone, and Dr. Watson did prefer jam. “Don’t be lazy. You’ve got legs, come get your tea yourself.”
“Obviously not.”
Simon glanced over his shoulder, “Here, boss?”
“Roof?”
“Charlie-Charlie-One!” Bird switched channels as she rolled under the CV, popping out to Sherlock’s left and crouching with the vehicle at her back. “Contact…” She dropped lower as a pair of shots hit the mastiff.
“The window that you shot out, hefted an injured squad member up over the ledge of, and then dove through to avoid getting caught in a gasoline explosion? Do I have that right?”
Bird bit hard on her lower lip to keep from laughing.
“I believe my actions were partially, if not entirely responsible for your injury.”
Towerblock snorted.
“Of course I do. I always do.” Sherlock smirked. “Also, you have…” He waved a hand in a vague gesture at John’s face. “Conté…” The smirk stretched into a grin. “Everywhere.”
John gave a sharp nod and tapped the counter once, picking up the tumbler and taking a generous swig. The burning felt good. A familiar assault on his senses. Good. Bad. Both. Like being in Baker Street. He shouldn’t have followed Sherlock home. Not that he had. More like, Sherlock hadn’t implied that the cab was going anywhere but Baker Street. And they were already debating the finer merits of financial fraud. And it had been habit. Instinct. Routine. Exit the cab, climb the seventeen steps, hang jacket on the coat peg, continue to argue with Sherlock from the comfort of a worn, tartan armchair. It had been cold outside. Dark already. And Sherlock had cautiously suggested dinner. And John had hesitated. Why? Why!
Loo hummed absently.
“Yeah, but even if he’s brown, Loo is English,” Simon said flatly.
“Yup,” Bird gave Towerblock a sunny smile.
Loo nodded.
Gee frowned. “Towerblock said Hog’s people cleared it?”
John’s expression was unconvinced.
“Younger?”
John stalked towards him and loomed over him on the sofa. His proximity was intoxicating and Sherlock was drowning in it. He closed his eyes and steeled himself for the onslaught.
“No. Nick. She’s in the med tent with Major Watson. She was limping.”
“You’re a sick bastard, Gee,” Jasmine grinned. “Where’s that tall, lanky bastard that used to carry Medhurst’s bags?”
“Jesus, what is he? Twelve?”
“Yes!” all three of them chorused.
Nick set his tray down at the head of the table. “Are we talking about Rocket’s mum again? Haven’t we done that enough?”
“Jesus fucking Christ, Simon!” Nick snapped. “Would you please take care of the hostile fire!”
Dr. Watson stiffened, planting his feet and crossing his arms, forcing Sherlock to brush past him as he glared. He’d never taken fondly to finding Mycroft comfortably situated in their home. Then again, this hadn’t definitively been Dr. Watson’s home for the past nearly two years. Though, if he was being gracious, and Mycroft liked to think himself more gracious than others deserved, Baker Street had always been Dr. Watson’s home as much as it had been Sherlock’s. “Mycroft.” His name was given with a terse nod. And Mycroft suspected it was out of self-defense, as well as protective irritation.
“IS THIS GOOD?!”
“That’s a disturbing answer from you, Paddy.”
“If you behave, I’ll use local before I go fishing for whatever bit of shrapnel is stuck in your shoulder. Shirt off. Let’s have a look.”
“Ah,” Smith smiled and stepped past Towerblock. “Major Watson, Mr. Holmes,” he held out a hand to each in turn. Towerblock steeled himself against the backlash he expected as he turned to salute the Major. “Corporal House and I were just discussing your accommodation here at Frost.”
"You know," Towerblock dropped onto the bench across the table. "I didn't have you pegged as a 'clean my gun alone' kinda infantry."
“Ahhh… No. Probably not.”
“You sure he’s not available?”
“I don’t…” John bit back the harsh scolding on the tip of his tongue. “Why do you insist on ignoring your own health?” he asked finally.
“Of course.”
John paced angrily, quickly covering corner to corner in the sitting room of Sherlock’s flat. If he’d given it a moment of thought, he’d have been impressed with the size of the open space and how fast he managed to traverse it. Instead, he continued to ball and unball his fists and tried to wear a hole through the floorboards.
It wasn’t so much that the door opened as it fell from the frame, and Gee stumbled out of the entry, Loo’s arm over her shoulder and a billow of smoke chasing behind.
“Huh.”
“You didn’t… You didn’t kill anyone last night.”
“Ya, why is it green?” Towerblock grimaced.
“It is three-hundred and forty-eight pages of nothing but punishment,” Nick said blandly.
Lestrade winced. “They took the jumper case.”
Sherlock shifted. “Apologise.”
“It’s distracting. Even the sound of the watch checking their weapons…”
“Remittance.”
Something of a hysterical laugh punched out of his chest. “Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck…”
“Bullshit.”
“And less because…” Lestrade offered.
Mycroft sighed. “I will consider it.”
“Sherlock, that’s enough,” John said firmly.
John didn’t miss her wince either.
Mary raised a brow.
“I have the files and the details for you to review before we leave. Shouldn’t take terribly long for you to pack.”
“Aye, that.” Mac nodded. “Timing.”
“Right,” Rocket continued. “Ah ken that. But
“You spill your tea all the time. All over the base,” Towerblock muttered.
“Feels strange. Leaving again, I mean.” He flashed a self-deprecating smile. “At least it’s planned this time. No fun being med-evac’d while unconscious and bleeding out.”
“WISWO!”
“Captain.” Gee didn’t bother to look up from the papers she had spread across the table.
“It could have been so much worse. What if there’d been a shooter? She was exposed. And yes, she was doing her job, but you don’t get to make that harder. I know what we do, how we work, what we,” he gestured back and forth between them. “Are like. But that doesn’t work here. Do you understand? I need you to trust me.”
Sherlock winced internally at how small and fragile his voice sounded. John just stared. He looked utterly furious, ready to beat the shit out of anything in his sight which dared to move.
“Why were you living with him in the first place?”
“Hm?” Gee glanced over.
Nick pulled back with an indignant expression. “Well, it is.”
“No.” John said firmly. “No, Sherlock. Absolutely not.”
“So… Bird is a bird,” Rocket started. “And Gee is…”
Greg raised a brow.
“Fucking hell, Nick!” Bird froze in the doorway. “What the fuck?”
“Aren’t we all just so lucky that Gee is there. All the time. Saving Loo. Saving Nick. Punching me in the face.”
“Then what exactly is the problem?” Sherlock poked the pressure plate with his index finger. “You mentioned that it wasn’t standard.”
“Nuh uh,” she shook her head. “We’ve been grounded for two days on account of our ATO getting shot. Didn’t you hear?”
“You’re not happy?” Mary asked, joining the conversation abruptly. “Why? What are we talking about?”
“Not the bomb! NOT THE BOMB!” Nick scrambled clear of the firing line and tucked down in the shelter of a structure.
“Snfsths.”
“What?!” He shouted back.
Sherlock groaned. “I’m surprised you slept at all.”
?” John asked incredulously.
“That’s a no to the shower then?”
Sherlock worked to suppress a smile. “Probably more comfortable then than jump seats on a transport.”
John crossed his arms again, biting back another angry shout. “What?”
“FUCK OFF, NUTSACK!”
“THEM, Them.”
“Cut it out,” Gee hissed.
The loud crack of high-powered rifle shot echoed across the yard and Gee’s yelp became a bitten off shriek as a chair somewhere behind her blew apart into multiple pieces of deformed plastic and metal.
Gee cut him off. “What do you mean they didn’t check them all?”
“MAC!” A series of shouts cut across the chatter.
Nick rolled his eyes. “Now that I’ve been forced to abandon the culinary delight that Biffa managed with what I can only assume was congealed maggots and red colored paste, what can I possibly do for you?”
“You’ve thrown him out for less.”
“It’s as though you’ve all forgotten that I’m playing with a live bomb. What, Gee?!”
“Hello, brother dear.”
Gee let out a long sigh in the direction of the partial ceiling. “You know what I do,” she said finally.
John cleared his throat, stepping between them and holding his hands behind his back, fixing Lansley with a stare cold enough to halt him in his tracks. When John finally spoke, it was calm and low and crystal clear. “Captain Mag Aoidh,” his gaze didn’t so much as flicker from Simon’s face. “Med tent. Now, please.”
Sherlock watched the entire exchange with interest. Raising a brow as John crossed his arms. “Two whole bombs. How fascinating.”
“Gay.”
“No,” Sherlock shook himself. “Of course not.”
Martha Hudson listened with a heavy heart to John's stomping footsteps in the flat above. Oh, Sherlock. How could you? You silly, silly boy, she thought, wringing her hands absently. She'd promised John she would go to bed but she was too worried. Worried about Sherlock, haring off on his own again like he used to; he hadn't done that in so long. Worried about John, striding back and forth across her rugs, clenching his hands at his sides. Worried about all the people that Sherlock helped, and that cared about him, and that worried for him. Even Mycroft. She worried about him too. Martha tightened her thick dressing gown around herself and sighed, settling into her chair by the fire. She would wait up. At least a little longer. She was too worried to sleep right now.
Sherlock grinned. “Please… Major.”
“What, exactly am I looking at here?” John asked, gesturing at the table.
“Forward op-“
Gee grunted and sighed as she settled into the chair next to her. “Is it?
“If anyone in Bluestone allows another car bomb onto my base-“
“It just seems an odd nickname.”
John sipped his coffee as the squad slowly trickled into the DFAC for breakfast. Mac and Rocket were already halfway through their food before sitting. Medhurst was finishing a cigarette before entering the tent. Loo and Gordo staggered in together, taking more time and care than the other lads, but eating with enthusiasm nonetheless. Bird dropped her tray unceremoniously between Loo and Mac, and the banter began.
“And I’m just going to sit here... Wasting away… And not getting into Sandhurst.”
“But, see, you don’t.” Mary tilted her head. “Do you?”
“Good day, my friends!”
“Skip!” Mac and Rocket called together.
“Ah, yes. My office…” He smiled politely. “Was there something I could do for you?”
John fished around for a pair of nitrile gloves and hummed non-committally. “Just like you’ve noticed that you’re still bleeding.”
“If you decide to be sound rather than a complete bell end, I won’t put you on neuro obs and bed rest.” Mag Aoidh crossed her arms. “Or, I can send you off to Bastion… If your trauma is just so much more severe than I can manage, and we all have to ask for God’s intervention.”
“Jazz is gone. Gee’ll be with us,” Towerblock glanced over his shoulder nervously. “Not that I mind. Just’ll be her first one back.”
“Please, Sherlock,” John looked up, eyes wide and desperate. “You can’t tell them.” He wet his lips and swallowed to keep his voice from cracking again. “You can’t…”
“Even Loo is going to get an MC for getting himself shot.”
“Chromatopsia.” Sherlock’s face softened. It all seemed horribly unfair.
“Got one!” Mac crowed.
Bird hummed. “If it makes you feel better-”
“For your hand,” Sherlock quirked a brow. “Or your cheek. Whichever you feel warrants more attention.” John flexed his fingers a few times in consideration, finally sighing and holding the frozen vegetables to his face. Sherlock made a sound of protest, “Don’t… I’ll get you a towel. You shouldn’t…”
Nick huffed. “If by ‘ok’ you mean, did a car explode at the cordon and come dangerously close to killing my men, then yes. It was very o-kay.”
“Gordo!” John crept in through the back of the Det.
He frowned. “Where else would I be?”
John crossed his arms. “Not really. Sit.”
“Another five, Sir!”
John carefully pried his shirt free of Sherlock’s fingers. “Stay here.”
Dr. Watson actually blushed down his neck at that. Mycroft felt his stomach turn over. Of course this had been a possibility. A very real and well tested theoretical, and one for which Mycroft had prepared thoroughly. Then again, he had suspected that it had fallen slightly from inevitable to likely in the wake of Sherlock’s rather gross emotionally stunted behavior, but Dr. Watson had always been… unusual, unpredictable himself.
“Well that was far fucking louder than I expected.”
“No, I need a hand with… the morale on my team.”
“Yer ma!”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I’ll be sure he hears it from me personally.”
“You have been granted sufficient clearance. What more could you need?”
“Five days.”
"Look, Loo. It's not all bad. You just have to finish finding your feet. As much as I hate to say, Mac and Rocket are good role models. Don't ever tell them I said that."
“I’m good!” Nick answered. “Stay down and figure out where the fuck that came from?!”
Sherlock raised a brow. “Oh?”
“Shit, shit, shit!”
“Well that was rude,” Sherlock whispered to John.
John gave a friendly nod. “Barnacles and all.”
“The proper expression is bare-faced lie. If you insist upon slandering my character, please do so with accurate parlance.”
Mac and Rocket looked at each other for a moment, then turned in unison and dove under the nearest table.
Sherlock blinked.
“Nah. They’re just like that. I’ve got it.”
“You… Save lives,” Mary added curiously.
“No!” Bird kept laughing. “It just sort of… Stuck there! And you woke up and just…” She trailed off in giggles.
“Beg to differ.”
“Excuse me,” Nick interjected. “Public school gentlemen do not kiss their mothers.”
“Mmmn. I’m good.”
“Cannula,” Gee held out her hand and had a wad of gloves pressed into her palm. “Really?” She frowned at John, but tugged them on over her already bloody hands and held out her palm again. This time she got what she wanted. “Alright, Loo. You’re doing fine. You’re going to be fine.”
“And here I thought you’d be excited to hear from me.”
“For fuck’s sake.”
Nuttall waved Rocket off and John sat back in his chair to see the people filtering into the DFAC. He made momentary eye contact with Sherlock where he was trying to skirt the ill-formed apology next to the first table. John tried not to laugh.
Sherlock nodded. Of course. Stay here. That made perfectly logical sense.
“Didn’t you ground them?” Sherlock carefully placed his knees as he eased up and off of John and the cot.
“Wee highland hamsters,” Mac nodded sagely.
“Extortion.”
She sighed and stood, heading towards the back rooms. “You sure you don’t want a shot at this bloke?”
Anthea smiled sweetly. “You still couldn’t afford it, Sir.”
“Oh God,” John grumbled. “What a mess.”
“What do you mean by funny?” John asked carefully.
“Well, yeah, but why Gee?” Rocket asked.
“Good,” Sherlock scoffed again.
“It’s fairly standard,” Nick added.
"SIT!"
“Bugger! Gee, you sadist!”
Nick rolled his eyes, then rolled his head to the side as he spun to catch back up. “Listen, Bird. You share a bunk with Gee.”
“Sir, you are very much liked,” Nick offered absently.
“That’s debatable,” Sherlock muttered.
“Now, Skip,” Mac held up his hands as Rocket crossed his arms across his chest.
“Three days,” Gee offered flatly.
“Here.”
“… Goddammit! This fucking hurts like a… clear?”
Sherlock hummed unrepentantly and replaced one of his hands with his chin. “Fearless on the rugby pitch, balks in the face of a few critiques.”
Nick raised his brows. “Then take care of it, Simon.”
“No… I…” He took another step backwards. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Talk to Mag Aoidh about that,” Simon muttered. Bird punched him soundly in the thigh. “Ow!”
“Mine?” His brows shot up for a moment before he thought better of it and narrowed his eyes. “Which expertise are we talking about?”
“Thank you, Mycroft,” Dr. Watson grumbled as Sherlock burrowed back against his abdomen.
“We get hurt all the time.”
The scuffle in the yard escalated from verbal to physical in a flash and Towerblock rolled his eyes. “Focking REME.”
“Sad.” Rocket shrugged and headed to get some food.
Sherlock was grinning at John. Nick frowned, “Fulton, like the Yankee brand?”
“Don’t interrupt the Lieutenant Colonel while he’s mastering the art of Peruvian cooking?”
“Ya didn’t have ta explain it to him?”
“Captain Mag Aoidh? How are you?”
“Oh dear.”
He looked up and pressed his lips together in something bordering a smile. “Quite. If you could move my four o’clock an hour earlier, I expect it will take longer than the two hours and I would rather not be late for the dinner this evening. I will be getting an earful enough without being late.”
"Alright?"
“Mm’fked then,” Loo muttered. Gee forced out a laugh.
“What?” Nick twisted the papers so he could read them. “Four times?”
“What did you tell him?” Towerblock asked, sidling up on Nick’s left and crossing his arms.
“Not?” Mary’s eyebrows went up. “You weren’t just talking about Captain Mag Aoidh without a shirt?”
“That you’d never-“
“Swear on the silver spoon you have shoved up your arse.”
The humor seemed to leak out of John’s face and he cleared his throat. “No… I… No.”
“And you’ve been reinstated.”
“Ah! Major!” Mac dropped the front end of the walls and snapped to attention, ignoring the way the back end slipped from Rocket’s hands and he yelped as it landed soundly on his foot. “Aye dinnae think ye were here.”
“Aw.”
There was an oppressive silence. So much so, that Sherlock thought about sticking his head up for a peek… Thought about. And was instantly distracted by the memory of John pressing his lips to Sherlock’s forehead. John kissing his forehead. Kissing him.
“No. No, look,” Towerblock glared over the edge of his bunk at Mac then at Rocket. “If any one of you mentions this, I will personally make sure you have months of the worst KP you can imagine.”
“Sure thing.” John held out a hand to Lestrade. “Next week?”
“Ah have a question,” Rocket announced. Bird lowered her magazine, considered Mac and Rocket, then shrugged and returned to her reading. “Where does haggis come from?”
Bird stooped and rescued the book from the floor. “Seriously, what the hell?”
John cracked one eye open. “Neither did he.” He managed to maintain a serious expression for three whole seconds before he started giggling. And Sherlock couldn’t hold out any longer than John. And for a good few minutes, they were both laughing with abandon.
“Med tent?” Towerblock offered.
Mag Aoidh raised a brow from her post against the mastiff. “He always like this?”
“Yes and ‘intelligence’ is in the WISWO job description, yet they let you soldier on anyway,” Nick snapped back.
“Reasonable?!”
“Mn,” Gee nodded. “I’ve had worse.”
Rocket gave Simon a long look. “So there’s no cake?”
“Hm?”
“Probably not.”
“Mag Aoidh get the bloody hell in here!” Nick shouted into the yard. When Mag Aoidh didn’t instantly appear, he braced his hands on the table and bellowed at the roof. “GEE!”
“Cheers, Boss.” She paused just in the door of his office. “Did he at least thank you for all your hard work?”
“Thank you, Captain Medhurst,” Smith interrupted.
“Colonel, cuppa?” Bird offered.
Nick frowned. “It was all fairly straightforward to disarm. It wasn’t on a chain like the last few. It almost felt too easy.”
A significant number of important looking people stopped in front of their piece. There were quizzical looks, gestures, brief discussion, and they moved on.
Sherlock nudged the tray in his direction. “Please.”
Gee gave her a flat stare. “I carry a sidearm for a reason.”
Sherlock stepped up behind him again and rested one hand on his shoulder. “The original framework was, is still boldly colorful. I didn’t change a single shade there, just modified the shape. It’s a mix of jewel tones that may, somewhat…”
Nick shot him a wounded look, “And ruin the surprise?”
“Major,” Towerblock flashed a quick, if lazy salute and headed across the yard.
The question had been on the tip of his tongue. Had the battle been loud enough to necessitate earplugs? Surely, as much as they bickered, Dr. Watson would have the decency to keep it to a minimum at three in the morning. Sherlock, certainly not. But Dr. Watson? He was saved from asking, though deeply regretted the form in which his salvation came, by the very same Dr. Watson stumbling from the loo, in just his pants and what Mycroft would only describe as pleased smile on his face.
Nuttall paused just inside the DFAC, “Major?”
“Oh good.” John gave a nod. “Only if I’m so lucky.”
While the lop-sided grin remained firmly fixed on John’s face, his eyes narrowed harshly. “You promise, do you?” Sherlock nodded and John watched him carefully as the silence stretched. “Where exactly are we going, then?”
“I have no idea where this is going. I don’t know much about what you do when you’re not here at Frost.”
“Good.” A soft smile turned up the corners of Sherlock’s mouth. “And this,” he gestured at their project. “Is well beyond good enough.”
“Yes, Major.”
“What the fuck is that?” Gee hissed.
Sherlock scoffed.
“No, because I like to keep separate the life where I go to mass with my nan and knit from the life where I kill people.”
“Colorblind. I don’t like repeating myself. You must have confided in someone. An incorrect someone. Someone who either dislikes you or would like to see me fail. So tell me, which jilted ex-girlfriends are aware of your affliction and had the opportunity to sabotage our project?”
“GSW to the left thigh. It’s in deep, no exit. Not an artery, but bloody as all hell. Tourniquet time,” Gee glanced at her watch. “Is nearly an hour now.”
“Think about it.” He tapped the table in emphasis then spun on his heel. The effort of storming off would have been more dramatic if he hadn’t tripped over an off set chair on the way out of the DFAC.
“Maybe just after Loo got here.”
Gee sighed and gave a nod. “Yeah… alright.”
“On it.”
“We shag in the showers?”
He was met by a long sigh. “Connectors? Thank god you’re here, Towerblock. What would I possibly do without you here to natter away in my ear? Oh wait… My job. Which in no way requires focus.” He continued to slowly clear the dirt around the bomb. “Looks like the chain heads off away.”
She gave a short nod. “Y’sir.”
The word echoed in the sitting room. Sherlock felt himself drop like a lead balloon onto the sofa, tugging on his cuts again. He hissed under his breath, but quickly recovered himself. He straightened up stiffly, determined to meet John's eyes.
“Tea,” Sherlock held out his hand. “And a scone. With butter.”
“Mycroft, I haven’t made any…” There was a pause. Then a sigh. “Medhurst.”
“Ah yes.”
“Fucking right you should.” He shifted one of the papers and frowned. “You know who would be good with this?”
John frowned, clearly opting to bite his tongue over pushing it further.
“No.”
“What exactly did you say that made him realize?”
“This is… Whatever this is, it certainly isn’t finished. This is disturbing.”
That was certainly his queue to leave. This was devolving into something disturbing. Mycroft tapped his umbrella on the floor with a single sharp snap. “And now, I may successfully maintain an adequate diet as I have completely lost my appetite. As it stands, Myanmar has finally elected a president with more wit than brawn, and I ought congratulate her.”
“I don’t need the fucking medic!” Simon squawked.
“Simon, be reasonable.”
“Huh. That’s actually kinda clever.”
“Then why do I have a classified request on my table that not only is above your clearance, but is outside the well-defined limits of our arrangement?”
“You’re always inspirational, boss.”
“That’s good. Very… good.”
“Aye!” They both saluted.
“That’s too far, mate.”
“Haggis comes from haggis,” Mac answered.
“Sherlock!”
“Holmes?”
“For… Someone who is struggling… here…”
Sherlock grinned condescendingly. “No. They don’t.”
“You have no idea.” He grinned. “When are you next due furlough?”
“Shame,” Nuttall chuckled.
Sherlock scowled. “I’m sorry, but if all you needed was an audience for poor humor, I’m afraid Major Watson was about to read me the riot act. So if you don’t mind.”
“Mr. Holmes.”
“As much as I love having my balls raked over hot coals, I still put on my blast pants every morning.” Nick heaved another sigh. “Alright, Nutsack. Let’s see this oddity of yours.”
It was another hour before they were loading into the CVs to head back to Frost. And John spent that hour watching. He watched as Medhurst managed to finish with the three small IEDs. He listened to the chatter between the infantry. He was well aware of the hushed quiet from the Bleep and local fixer. He wasn’t surprised at the solemn mood as the unit settled in their seats. And he didn’t miss the stiffness in the medic as she tried to find a comfortable position in her seat.
“Mr. Holmes.”
“Am I to assume this is unusual?” He knew it wasn’t.
“We’re grounded. What could you possibly have on that involves maps?”
“Skip, get down!” Mac shouted.
“By Mycroft for-“
Mag Aoidh shifted, still on one knee. “Bird?”
“Wait…” Rocket broke the silence. “Does Rocket mean anything?”
“Be a dote and kill the light. You can think in the dark. Or sleep.” John dropped flat on his back, draping his right arm over his eyes. “Won’t have the only light on in the FOB. Makes us a target.”
“I am looking!”
“I’m sure you know that, but I’m going to say it again, because it strikes me that you’re not listening.” John unrolled his mattress. “It’s not Gordon.”
“Sheep?” Rocket’s face fell.
Nick shifted. “Literally?”
“What about Rocket’s mum?”
“I’m sure it’s not.”
"Could of. But it's not worth losing our medic to an unspotted IED to see if someone might need her. It's not fair, but if she'd gone and someone took a shot at her, had another bomb, left a landmine..."
“I said,” Gee coughed. “Is it fucking clear? The smoke is bad.”
“Nuttall!”
“Major.”
“I’m not giving you a hand job, Nick.”
“Why? You weren’t going to tell them?” she asked innocently.
“That’s not the head that’s important to ya, and you know it.”
“Wont?” Mycroft raised a brow.
“Uh huh,” he tucked his tongue into the pocket of his cheek.
Sherlock flashed him a Cheshire grin. “Just trying to imagine
“Is… Is there something I can do for you?”
“But we’re not in the buildings here,” Towerblock objected. “So why chain and not remote?”
“Yeah, well. I’m not in love with the people in charge of the critiques tonight."
“Mmn,” Sherlock flipped to the next photo. “Corporal Gordon House. Known as Towerblock. Second in command. From Leeds. Tends to be good with mechanics. Stole cars in his youth.”
“Anderson came up empty.”
“What?” Gee held up her hands.
He was nearly done when Gee broke the silence. “It’s because Mr. Holmes is a giant tit.”
“It will look more…”
He snorted. “Trust me. Works wonders. Now where are we with the Reilly case?”
“Oh Lord, no.”
“-ensate you for your time.”
Suddenly Sherlock couldn't stand it anymore, the stupid, pointless concern and the soft, gentling tones in Lestrade's voice. He knew it was unfair to blame the DI; this situation, John's absence, was entirely Sherlock's fault. But he couldn't listen to it any longer.
“Myc?”
“No, no, no,” Mac waved him off. “Tell us.”
“I… I was tired. It was… It was busy. I was working a lot. I was getting loads of experience. Then it just became this-this unrelenting tide of bodies. Cut this, sew that, hack that limb, this one won’t make it, oh look another and another and…” Gee shrugged her good shoulder. “I wasn’t seeing people anymore.”
“MOD,” Mag Aoidh murmured. “If you believe that.”
Nick grinned. “Of course not. Towerblock, do us a favor and find those PONTIs.”
No. John wasn't here. Sherlock would just lead Lestrade in the right direction, then quietly disappear before there could be any paperwork. John had always handled the paperwork anyway.
“The first five years or the second?”
“Where’s Skip?”
“Has it crossed your mind that I do not, in fact, possess that level of information?”
“Thank you, Private McDowell. Now you’ve done it,” Nick muttered.
“I was going to the pub.”
“Yup.”
“Yer getting there,” she stared at her hands glumly.
“Where indeed,” Sherlock purred.
Towerblock crossed his arms. "Ya know everyone is in the mess. Eating. Food."
“Not as of yet. Might I be of service in his place?”
“Stuff it!” Towerblock snapped. “And go the fock to sleep!”
“You can’t tell me they haven’t started training in the ANA.”
“Ask you mother,” Nick cut him off. “Not that I mind a dirt shower with the hoi polloi every now and then, but I only schedule one per month. To what do I owe the pleasure of this unexpected luxury?”
“Padre!” Bird pushed into the room and flopped inelegantly onto her own bunk. “Did you hear that Gee punched out Simon?” She grinned and raised her eyebrows.
Sherlock flashed an insincere grin before stooping to bring himself nose to nose with John. “You think you can just waltz your way along through this programme, putting in the bare minimal effort, and your charm will float you sustainable marks. Some of us are here to work. And I’ll not have you make a mockery of everything I’ve ever done!”
“Good day, brother dear,” Mycroft disconnected the line.
“Do you?”
Sherlock snorted. “You wear your heart on your sleeve.”
Gee just frowned again and shook her head at the cluster of structures. It wasn’t quite a village, or rather it hadn’t been, abandoned as it was now. “It’s… a lot of buildings.”
The moment Gee was freed of her burden; she dropped to her hands and knees and retched, heaving a deep breath of fresh air before grimacing and spitting out a mouthful of foul tasting bile.
In the aftermath of everything that's happened, John has withdrawn and is avoiding Baker Street and all of its occupants. He won't touch anyone unless he's offering medical assistance, barely tolerates a peck on the cheek, always going back to that horrid flat in the suburbs. Sherlock desperately wants to help John heal, but he's caught up in a vicious circle of self-reproach and lack of necessity. And whatever the boys seem to think, they're blaming themselves, and darn straight.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and muttered low enough that only John could hear, “Was that entirely necessary?” He saw the grin threatening at the corners of John’s mouth.
“Catch up a bit.”
“This is what!” Nick tossed a file onto the table, papers and photos spilling out in a trail.
“Gregory?”
Jazz turned around and glared. “Touch me one more time, Lansley…”
“I don’t snore!”
“You started it.” Sherlock raised a brow.
Nick grinned. “I don’t think she appreciates mine either. And frankly, she’s right. I’m not even cross that she punched Simon. I wanted to, and you know how culturally sensitive I am.”
“It isn’t Captain Medhurst either, before you continue to point out the obvious.”
“Got your breath back?” Sherlock asked carefully.
“Ah, gross,” Towerblock complained.
“You can’t do that,” Nick retorted petulantly.
Nutsack huffed out a laugh. “You kiss your mother with that mouth?”
“No. Thank you.”
“Knock, knock.”
“On all five?” He pulled out a cigarette and propped himself against the mastiff. “They aren’t that clever.”
“Aye,” Rocket agreed.
Sherlock sighed and flopped back down across John’s chest. “At some point, I did. I’m relatively certain.”
“That ruined my sandwich.”
“Aside from possibly explaining,” Sherlock waved a hand in the direction of their project. “That. There is no gain. I’ve no intention of outing you, so to speak.”
Simon sniffed and wiped at his nose again. “But she…”
“You got hit. In the chest. With an RPG?!” John was actually cross.
“What do you mean?”
“I don’t recommend it.”
“Sorry, what?” Gee set a hand on the nearest table to steady herself, taking as much weight off her bad leg as she could.
The smile was stiff where it started to curl the corners of John’s mouth. “Kept in touch did you?”
“But… But they’re labeled!” John pointed at his. “They’re all labeled!”
“Sorry, sorry,” Simon huffed as he reached the Det. “Sorry I’m late. I was just restocking the ammo.”
“You always were a smart arse,” John murmured.
“Sir, everything alright?”
“How’s the shoulder?”
“REME. Again?” Towerblock popped out of the Det and rolled his eyes. “The Colonel will eat them for lunch…”
Erikson held out both palms. “Sir, like I told Sergeant Donovan. It really… I’m not even sure… It doesn’t….”
“It doesn’t matter. But she owes me one, massive, ‘I told you so.’ So if you’ll excuse me, I ought to go take my medicine.”
Sherlock chuckled. “It’s not.”
Sherlock’s mouth twitched. “You have the man that slept with your fiancée working on this.”
“But I’m glad it hurts.”
“But it hurts, John.”
“How?”
“Her name is gay?”
John huffed out a laugh, shouldered his ruck, and turned toward the helo, “After you.”
“Dinner.” John gestured at the now packed DFAC. “Eat. And don’t tell me you aren’t hungry. I don’t care what you want; you’ll eat the dinner I put there in front of you while it’s still warm, or so help me, the words I have for you later will be even more cross than they already are.”
"Sherlock, is everything ok? You ok?"
“And I did the greyscale!”
Mag Aoidh winced and draped her right arm over her eyes. “Feck. I don’t know. Probably the window.”
"Mmn," Loo traced a dent in the table with his finger. "And punching Simon?"
“Yes, but what I did exposed you. It was an unnecessary risk. And I apologise.”
He held his salute until the Major gave a hushed, “At ease, Corporal.”
There was another hiss of noise and a distinct cough. “… fecking hell.”
John cleared his throat and leaned forward, planting his elbows on his thighs. “It wasn’t about the rugby. Or… It wasn’t just about that…”
Lansley stumbled up behind Bird and Jasmine, bumping into them both and catching himself on Jasmine’s arm.
“Mmn,” Sherlock’s eyes flashed and he tapped the photo on the table with his finger. “Absolutely.”
“Apparently when small bits of metal are propelled at speed-“
“Ya, it’s not.” Nutsack crossed his arms and glared at the pieces.
There was a lull, a brief calm, then another spatter of gun fire.
There was a clatter, clamber, and a dull thud as everyone held their breath.
John laughed. “Absolutely.”
“A what?!” Simon bellowed.
“Yes, thank you,” Nick hissed through gritted teeth. “Make yourself useful and find my close protection.”
“Roof!” John barked and fired again.
“Alright.”
Gee may have sucked in a breath, winced once or twice, but she shook it off. “Fine. It’s fine.”
Nick was up and running, the flat of the road leaving zero cover.
“Rocket…” Towerblock pressed his pillow over his face.
“Message from HQ. Loo is in surgery, but they’re giving an early thumbs up.”
“Not in a million years, Gee.”
“Corn-fed, farm raised,” Loo offered. “Well… oat-fed.”
“Shut the hell up, Simon!” Bird snapped.
Simon glared at the extra person in his semi-private space. “No, mate. I’m not ‘alright.’ In case you haven’t noticed, I’m sodding well bleeding! Screwhole, tell your REME mate here to piss off!”
“Clash?”
Dr. Watson cleared his throat and nodded, ever the sensible one. “Mycroft. Give my best to Greg.”
“But…”
John tipped his face up, meeting Sherlock’s apologetic frown with a smirk. “Your escort?”
“It is necessary, John.” Sherlock neatly shuffled the documents into a crisp pile and filed them away. “It will explain the time between now and when you were last-“
“I’m not going out there, you git!” John shoved Sherlock’s shoulder, pinning him back against the mastiff. “I’m just trying to draw their fire.”
John just closed his eyes shook his head.
Gee gave a tight nod and clambered into the CV as Towerblock squeezed out.
Sherlock blinked.
She was careful and possibly belligerently slow peeling the shirt off, eyeing the blood-stained tear she’d been unable to see until her shirt was resting in her lap. By the time her arms were back down by her side, John could swear her shoulders were up around her ears with the tension of it.
Loo sighed. “Mag Aoidh or MaGee as a name. Gee is slang for…” He gestured vaguely.
John’s smile grew. “I know someone that can.”
“We’re fine!” Medhurst shouted in return. “Just enjoying this lovely sandbox timeout.”
“It’s not Gordon,” John murmured as he tossed his ruck into the corner of the small room.
“You look no more worse for the wear, brother mine.” Mycroft watched the expression play across Sherlock’s face, the wince as he struggled to keep the flattened expression from his bruised face. “Nothing a capable doctor cannot treat without adequate attention and care.”
“Something fascinating about the Royal Engineers here?”
“In the next CV and still terrified of you, so fuck off, Jazz.” Gee gave Loo’s hand a squeeze, “Jasmine is a friend of mine; she’ll take good care of you.”
Sherlock startled and leaned away. “The subtlety of Scottish cuisine lost on your discerning palate?” John hid a chuckled by stuffing a large forkful of spaghetti into his mouth. Sherlock frowned at him, “When did he even get here?”
“If I told you the blood isn’t mine?” she asked hopefully.
“Ten minutes to six.”
Bird tossed him the book. “Don’t take this out on me. It’s not my fault.”
“Fine.” John wrapped the dishtowel around the frozen bag and pressed it to the bruise forming on the crest of his cheek with a sigh.
“Right,” Nick ground out through gritted teeth. “Gee, you and I need to talk. Whenever you’re done… Getting… Stitched… Bloody hell, Gee, what did you even do?”
Sherlock frowned and stared at the kitchen floor. He knelt down to examine the dirt one of the gang had tracked in and he felt rather than saw Lestrade coming over and kneeling down beside him.
“No! WAIT!”
“Yes, clash, with the brazen color choices you made.”
“That may be the best news I’ve heard all year.”
“Have you solved the problem?”
He watched from the window, knowing how it would sting but helpless to stop himself, as John reached the corner and disappeared from view. The winter night wrapped like a thick cloak around the street outside, the violent orange of the streetlamps muted in the cold fog of late evening.
John scoffed. “What would have happened to Private Llewellyn if you hadn’t let me pull that shrapnel out? What if you were febrile? Delirious? When you developed osteomyelitis from the glass I just dug out of your thigh?” John pressed his lips into a tight line. “You think I don’t know what could have happened to Sherlock if you’d been slower?”
“I should not.”
John’s brow shot up. “I find it interesting that you continue to think I’m asking.” Gee set her jaw and the corner of John’s mouth twitched. “I’ll tell you what though. You give me five push-ups.”
“You were shot.”
Sherlock didn’t breathe a sigh of relief until John had joined the Bluestone command behind the pair of vehicles. The infantry were still guarding them from any missed or newly arrived hostiles, eyeing the licks of flame as they escaped the buildings.
“I’ll lend them a hand.”
“Don’t be ridiculous.”
------
“Things?” Towerblock gave him a lop-sided grin. “Things are good.”
“Bare-faced.”
“And what are you planning to do when this is all stood down?”
“Nick…”
“Good! Crack on!”
Gee’s face twitched. “I don’t know what you think he didn’t do, but he probably definitely did it.”
Sherlock frowned.
John turned as Sherlock cleared his throat. “Mornin.”
“Fair skin?”
John eyed the hand now gripping his shoulder. “Sherlock.”
The distance and the drinking was too much for Sherlock to bear. John had become so cautious that the incidental touches that had characterised so much of their time together, Before and After, even in evidence during Sherlock's recovery the previous autumn, were gone. It had not escaped the notice of anyone who knew John well enough that he bristled and drew away from the merest brush. He covered it well and was never unkind but he had all but withdrawn from physical contact except when supplying medical help or assisting in restraining a criminal. To the extent that even Mrs Hudson no longer was free to hug, kiss and chide as she had once been.
“Nope,” John turned his head to frown at the project again. “So… That was unlucky. And then, you know, it’s treatable. And most people just feel sick on the meds, have some nightmares on the fucking stuff. But if you’re really special. Just so incredibly unlucky…”
Lestrade gave him a wry smile. “I’m sure I’ve heard worse.”
He blinked. A number of possible statements and questions ran through his mind, but he dismissed them all as useless. “Gregory.”
“Thank you. It won’t happen again.”
“Geih!” Rocket echoed.
“Ah, right. Yeah.” Towerblock rubbed the back of his neck. “We’re just back from a shout. ATO got grazed during contact. I think he’s still in the med tent. We can start at the DFAC and go from there.”
“Not anymore? Whadya want with it then?”
excuse for-“
That drew a snort of laughter from him. “Don’t be smart.”
“Oi, Gee!” Towerblock called from the door.
“Alright?”
“Glass of whiskey.”
His mobile rang in the rare dark and quiet that only came in the wee hours of the morning. The glaring glow of the screen told him it was just after two, and he almost answered on instinct. Late night - early morning calls were never good, but he’d spent a lifetime picking up without thought, without needing to be fully awake. But it wasn’t instinct that had him connecting the call, it was the caller: Mrs. Hudson.
“I know,” John forced a smile. “You have another one of those?”
“How could you keep this from me?” Mac demanded. “This is life changing.”
John paced across the well-worn rug of the sitting room. Thinking first. It was late, but she was on the night shift this week. She’d be awake, he told himself as he rang Molly. He rang her first, because if she knew where Sherlock was, it would give John another log to fuel his smoldering rage. She answered on the second ring, but she didn’t know. And John knows that she won’t lie to him. Not anymore, not again. He can tell now. Molly has tells and she can’t even manage a little white lie on the phone to him anymore. She stuttered out a quick he-was-here-but-he-left-hours-ago-sorry. She promised to call if he returned. A small part of him lit with guilt. She could feel the heat in his voice over the phone, and she let those blows fall where they would, because she still believed that John deserved to blame her as much as he felt the need to lay blame.
Nuttall stopped and gave him a long look. “No one else has been reporting anything of the like.”
John shook his head. “The promotion is unwarranted and completely ridic-“
“Boss, get back in the mastiff!”
“To our nobly fallen comrade,” Mac added, turning to salute the toilet. “To Loo.”
“Not again, anyway…”
The Lieutenant Colonel was angry enough that he met the squad as they stumbled out of the mastiff. As though his presence was enough expression of his ire, his tone was kept strangely conversational. “I must be oddly mistaken in the purpose of a bomb disposal unit.” He planted in hands on his hips and glared. “I was under the impression your job was to dispose of the bombs. Not blow them bloody well sky high!”
“Yah,” Towerblock added darkly. “And that was Glad’s hand.” He dropped the photo on the table with a pinched look on his face.
“Yet what?”
Sherlock grinned.
“Sherlock,” Dr. Watson admonished mildly.
Towerblock toggled the coms, “Any connectors, boss?”
“And no, Gee, they didn’t go into every single building. That would have taken ages. And these are live bombs. And now I’m losing the light. So if you all would kindly…”
John's hand on his wrist as he lay limply on the cold pavement. John's fists on his lapels as he shoved Sherlock roughly to the ground in a fancy hotel restaurant. John's hand on his neck and his arm around Sherlock's back during that horridly awkward embrace at the wedding dinner. The vague sensation of John's hands on his chest as he lay bleeding and in agony on Magnussen's penthouse floor. The caring, all too fleeting, touches of his recovery. The feeling of John's hand in his as they shook hands before Sherlock got on the plane.
“What?!” Simon called after them.
“Strangely, that is why half of you are there, Bird: to handle situations on that end, while I’m carefully trying not to get blown to bits on this end.”
Gee shook her head, “I’m not-”
“Christ, Sherlock!” John released his arms and took a few quick paces back. “What the bloody hell are you doing?”
“Good.”
“I need you to talk to Simon.”
“Gee! As in Mag Aoidh.”
“Nope,” John squinted at her. “I don’t buy that. Why here?”
“Hey, sorry.” John caught up to him and bobbed his head towards the coffee. “Could I maybe be bend your ear for a bit? I had a thought, and you might be able to fill in a few gaps.”
Sherlock grimaced, but the expression was gone in a flash. “Yes… Nut-sack.”
“Quite,” Mycroft lifted his cup in invitation. “To business?”
“That’s not what I meant.”
“Decisions you made?”
“Out!”
“The state of our project begs to differ.”
John shifted, straightening his spine and pulling his shoulders back. “No. Thank you, Corporal.”
“Are all your little friends having good laugh? Send the artsy jock in to fuck up my one, ONE chance to…” He sliced a hand through the air. “Stop blinking at me like an idiot. Big blue eyes don’t work on me!”
“Oh, Simon!” Rocket grinned broadly. “Have you ever seen a haggis?”
John raised his eyes and very slowly lowered his coffee to the DFAC tabletop, watching Medhurst stomp across the open yard to tent. He was sure he wanted to hear what was about to happen, and he was even more sure that no one else wanted him to hear it. Casual eavesdropping it was.
Gee took three steps back as Simon rounded on Mac and Rocket.
“Medhurst is looking for him, if you see him before I do?”
“Just keep the uniform.”
“Corporal Lynda Bird. Electronic Counter Measures. Portsmouth, shockingly not in the Navy.” Another photo. “Lance Corporal Simon Lansley. Essex. General dog’s body, infantry protection.” Another. “Private Kevin McDowell. Glaswegian in every sense of the word. And Private Euan Armstrong. Edinburgh. Both infantry protection.”
Sherlock hissed like a dampened cat. “Go away!”
“Gear up. We’ve a shout on. And we’re bringing the PONTIs along.”
“Except for the car bomb,” John offered.
“He’ll figure it out. You’re better off telling him first.”
John met his gaze for the first time since the conversation had begun. “Um. Good. Then.”
“Hence Reilly,” he echoed.
“Faruq,” Bird nodded. “Oh God, what are you eating?”
“How’re things here?”
“It just… You know,” he waved a hand. “Landed right on the bonnet.”
But for all his self-reproach, when Mrs. Hudson calls, John answers. He can’t not answer her. Not after the way she looked in on him, looked after him really. Looked in on Sherlock and fed John little reports through innocent texts that he could take or leave based on his mood, but never would leave Sherlock in a lurch. Sending John to interpret, to run interference, to run after him, to run - literally and figuratively. He owes her. So he connects the call.
The twitch of John’s mouth offered agreement. “Very. But also, they have a reef. And there’s ruins. These gorgeous standing pyramids. Pre-Columbian.”
“There’s a loo in Greggs?” Rocket scrunched his face.
“Will I send a car?”
“It’s Ahmed.”
Dr. Watson threw his head back and laughed at the tantrum. Suited. The pair of them. And as much as Mycroft approved, he didn’t dare show it. “That’s quite enough, Sherlock. Detective Inspector Lestrade is an adult. Which is far more than I can say about your carryings on. Now, I must be going.”
“And yet…” John paused to negotiate an awkward angle. “Something, something about satisfaction?”
“Absolutely not.”
“Ow, ow, ow. Stop,” Gee gasped. “Fuck. Stop.”
is the funny part of her name,” Loo mumbled.
“Anything for you, Nutsack.”
Sherlock glanced across the table pointedly and flipped one of the photos. “Captain Nick Medhurst, Sandhurst, Ammunition Technical Officer. Genuinely respected bomb tech, disrespectful outside of field work.”
Sherlock tilted his head and raised an eyebrow. “You let me yell at you, because…”
Mycroft blinked. “You did call.”
Smith made a soft tisking sound, “The other one.”
He didn’t have the words or the air to respond. John groped behind himself for a chair and dropped heavily into it, trying to keep from wheezing.
“A little better.” She dropped into the chair across from him and outlined their progress.
He sat up and fumbled for the long-sleeved shirt to pull on over his day old tee. “You like it when I pull rank.” He very nearly missed the dusting of pink that suffused Sherlock’s cheeks. Nearly. “Besides being a Major having some lovely perks, being on base will make our jobs easier. Mine at least.”
“One?” Sally’s grin grew. “Last I counted that was five.”
He flapped a hand absently in John’s direction. “Of course I heard you. It’s not Corporal House. Clearly.”
John huffed and crossed his arms, muttering a barely audible, “Lazy git.” Though whether it was directed at Sherlock or Mycroft was open to interpretation.
“Yes and no.” John smiled kindly, “This is only the beginning of it. It doesn’t get that much easier with physical distance; only time.”
“Why does that need to be said, Mac?”
“Shut up, you pompous twat,” she hissed back. It was the work of a few minutes before she was happy it was nothing more than a graze and it was dressed well enough to stop bleeding. “You’re also a drama queen.”
“You don’t get to jump out in front of every bullet, John!”
“Oh. Right. I did.”
“Me? What ever happened to ‘we’re a team, Sally’?”
“Oh God,” John laughed, looking at his hands. “Everywhere?” He gave up trying to wipe his palms on his trousers and headed for a sink. “God, what a mess.”
“Nicky?!” Bird interjected, punching Nick in the arm as she appeared by his side. “He went by ‘Nicky’?! That’s fantastic!”
“Fuck,” Gee hissed as she managed to tug her shirt off. “Stupid, sodding…” She tossed the shirt into her footlocker and peeled her t-shirt off as well. “Goddammit.” She poked at the dressing on her shoulder, checking her fingertips for blood. It felt like it was oozing a bit, but they came away dry and clean. For all the dusty and grimy she felt, a shower was out of the question. God, the bra was going to be a pain in the arse. Letting out a steady stream of profanity, she struggled out of the bra and into an old long sleeved tee. Getting into sleep clothes was almost too much work. With a final sigh, she dropped onto her bed.
“Just
“Sherl-“ John started as Sherlock gave him a shake.
Sherlock forced a smile. “Are you familiar with Warhol?”
“Oi!”
“Oh Na,” Towerblock took a step back. “Watson, what have I ever done to you?”
Her smile was strained. “I thought you hated that word.”
“No,” Rocket shook his head as well.
John nodded slowly. “Conveyer belt.”
“Maybe that’s where you’re wrong,” Simon stood and turned to leave. “Haven’t you noticed that everything turned to rubbish the moment she showed up?”
“It’s not up to standard with the usual. Or maybe it’s above standard. Just figure it’s not right and I’d appreciate a second set of eyes.”
Lestrade glared at her for a moment before he cracked a smile and started laughing. “Oh, fine. Fuck off and get your paperwork done.”
Bird clapped a hand on Gee’s uninjured shoulder. “Alright?”
“Follow you?”
“You don’t even know what I’m going to ask.”
“I see him,” Towerblock cut in. “Rocket?”
“What with all the debris that must have hit you.”
“Aye. Didn’t think so,” Rocket shook his head sadly.
It was seamless, and with more discipline than Sherlock thought the unit possessed, as they moved in unison. Sherlock dared to peek over the table, frowning as Lansley paused mid-yard. “One down! Ours!”
He huffed out a laugh. “Do you like suicides that make no sense? Because this is more his street than yours.”
“Mmn, well.” John took a mirroring drink to drain his cup. “Let me know if it’s worse.”
“And I couldn’t hear you over the sound of inappropriate touching. Goddammit!” He stalked out of his bunk while still buttoning his shirt.
He heard Donovan mutter something as she fished out the photo of the victim, before she joined Lestrade at the other side of the room. Sherlock did his utmost to drown out their conversation as he pulled together the threads to figure out where the missing woman would be being held, but he couldn't help overhearing what was being said.
“I do.” He drummed his fingers against his chin for a moment. “We’re all just fine, aren’t we?”
“You’re giving me grey hairs, Donovan.”
“Right. Gay.”
“Huh.” Lestrade put his hands on his hips and squinted up at the higher floors of the building.
Sherlock’s trembling forehead dropped to rest against John’s and he whined.
“In a manner. The rest of them, all the fragments, are locations on the color wheel.” He named them with their clock positions.
“That’s why I have you here. Because we’re special. I’m special. This is lovely attention from a pyrotechnic twat that wants us dead. So stick around a bit. Maybe tomorrow there’ll be a Medhurst smoothie for the first five customers.”
He let out an irritated huff to cover a bitten off groan as he straightened. “I’m pretty sure, in spite of the reaming I received from a small, irate medic insisting it’s a graze and not a proper war wound, that yes: I have been shot. The cleaning and suturing of which was not quite the agony I’d intended for my afternoon. I am also, I can only assume, late for a proper bollocking from the Lieutenant Colonel.”
“Yeah, I’m edging back up towards livid.”
“Knock knock?”
Sherlock turned his pastels slowly, twisting each until their label was clear. “And now?”
Gee glared at him mutinously. “That’s completely unnecessary.”
“The thought and effort it took to change your pastels. He relabeled them. He made sure the new labels made sense. There are only two matches left in your season. Why go to such an effort for two games?”
“I wasn’t sitting up staring.”
“Gee, I know you like your little tent. It’s quaint. But I prefer the open air of the chapel with God and Jesus-“
“No.”
“Please.”
Nuttall scowled and pressed past him to enter the CO’s office. “Are you serious? Nick, because if you are, this is a doozy of a problem.”
“We have another team en route from the Canteen. They’ve a disposal squad and some Royal Marines to lend a hand.”
Dr. Watson choked into his mug. Sherlock practically grinned. “He does have quite spectacularly talented fingers.” Dr. Watson choked again, spluttering loudly for a moment. Mrs. Hudson made a concerned noise. “John, tea?”
“I should go,” Mary paused, gesturing towards the door. “Check on Geh… Mag Aoidh.”
“Where?”
“Get offa me,” Gee shook free of Rocket’s hold and squared herself. “Sir, I’d rather stay and finish…”
“Of course.” He held his hands up in surrender. “Sir.”
“Oh yeah. That’s what I’m going to do.”
Nick’s grin was rude. “You’ve no idea.”
“He’s one of the best lays I’ve had.”
“Could do. But it’s handy having a bunkmate that’s never here.”
“As I deeply suspect you wouldn’t have told anyone about this lac and I’m now putting the tenth stitch into you in as many days, I’m going to grant you that one.”
“That’s not fair. This is important.”
“And bacon comes from pigs. And wings come from chickens. And mutton is sheep.” Rocket gazed blankly at Mac.
“Yoo hoo! Boys!”
“I don’t think so.” Greg grinned. “I think the first time he lips off, I’ll just yell, ‘Sherlock, I’m fucking your brother, now shut your mouth.’ And he’ll just sit there and blink for a while until his brain reboots.”
“Oi!” Towerblock shouted.
“Aw,” Rocket made a sad face.
There were two aborted attempts before Mary found the words for her next sentence. “It just strikes me that you don’t really come to the services, and I can’t recall the last time I saw you in the chapel.”
“Fine. Prick. You told me to do the portraits! I did them!”
“It… It’s not?”
She pressed her eyes tight shut for a moment and nodded. “Think so.”
“Why here then?”
It was becoming rather insufferable, making these trips. It wasn’t on his way. It wasn’t near anything or anyone to whom he would even consider leaving Whitehall to pander. And yet, it seemed that another late night and concerned word whispered in his ear was enough to force his hand and delay his schedule only to find that his esteemed brother was having himself a lie-in.
“Feels funny.”
Mac frowned at him. “Yer gob is a mystery to science.”
Sherlock frowned and rubbed his shoulder absently. “I was talking to you.”
“And the-“
“Sir,” Towerblock felt it better not to meet the Major’s eyes and prayed the barnacles comment hadn’t been overheard.
“Ah. Good.”
John made a soft sound of encouragement and waited for Nuttall to lead away. “Any reason to include Captain Medhurst in this brain storming session?”
“Don’t be like that,” Nuttall chuckled. “If you’re anything like Medhurst, we can be mates. I can steal your fiancée, you can punch me in the face, and we’ll be right as rain.”
“Are you going to answer that?”
“I’m sure it does.”
“I… I just.”
“The… There are two MVPs on base. Some Major escorting an MOD something or other. I did try to tell you.”
“You’re not old, Sir.”
“They?”
“Yes.”
Loo frowned up at Towerblock, "I'm not hiding, right. I'm cleaning my gun."
“Sherlock.”
Where he could normally expect a wry twist of John’s lips or a quiet chuckle or an eye-roll or a shake of the head or some sign of humor at his snarky reply, John was militant in his posture and uncompromising in his division of attention. And his eyes didn’t so much as flicker Sherlock’s direction as he followed Medhurst around the far side of the vehicles. As much as he enjoyed the figure John cut in the fatigues, the attitude left something to be desired. All stern and soldierly. Sherlock rolled his eyes on John’s behalf and turned his attention on the cordon.
“I-I’m not…” He sucked in a tight breath.
John could see Sherlock’s lips moving, and Sherlock was speaking. Probably. John wasn’t sure he heard it. Something about Lestrade. Something about a gang. Something about… something… But there was blood. It was the first thing John definitively saw. Blood.
“Boss on the move!” Towerblock called.
“Greg,” John pinched the bridge of his nose.
“How long?”
“Shut the fuck up, Simon!” Bird snatched her kit and headed off towards the DFAC. Mac and Towerblock followed, both shaking their heads in disapproval. Loo sighed and went back to unloading the CV, slowly, and with all the attention he could muster.
Sherlock scowled. He’d been told as much by John and really, he didn’t need to be treated like a child. “Whatever you want, Captain. I rather doubt the IEDs have much to contribute to the software upgrades.”
“I just…”
“Wait, no. Sorry, no.” John poked a conté coated finger into Sherlock’s chest. “When we were splitting this, you asked me-“
“Oh!” She startled anyway and spotted him in Sherlock’s chair. “Mycroft! You gave me a fright. I didn’t hear you come in!”
“Christ!” Towerblock clutched the rifle to his chest as he started. “Fock’s sake, Watson, there’s a bloody sniper.”
“You don’t want to know.” Towerblock held out the kit.
“Oh.”
“Major?” Mac straightened. “Have yeh ever been to Fallujah?”
It should have been enough, it should have been more than enough to keep him going. But it wasn't and it never would be.
“You’ve had breakfast!” Mac grabbed his collar and pulled him back down.
“Sally, no.”
“Stop that!” Nick swatted at the side of Sherlock’s head. “I punched him in the face and we got over it.”
“Is what work?”
There was a soft chiming sound. “Gentlemen, we are about to begin our descent into Stuttgart. Please prepare for landing.”
Nick grinned. “Done this before, has he?”
“What?” Sherlock snapped, sitting up sharply.
“Fuck SOP,” Nick said flatly. “Unless you have a few spare hands sitting around to reattach to whomever is so lucky as to pull our next cover. I do recall Frankenstein made a wonderfully dexterous ATO.”
“Jazz?” Gee lit up. “This is the favor you called in?”
John smiled. “There you are.”
“I’ll meet you in our bunk!” John called over his shoulder.
Nick rolled his eyes, then rolled his head. “Really?”
“You can’t!”
“John…”
Sherlock paused and turned, a furrow creasing his face. “If this is about the battery, would it placate you should I promise not to stick another on my tongue?”
“You could toss him outta here faster than anything.”
John snorted. “Totally on purpose.”
“Please,” Sherlock scoffed. “As though you could find someone to fill that position.”
“Hang tight there, Gee. We’re still…”
It was the only warning he had, but managed to catch the bag clumsily against his chest. “Peas?”
“I’ll eat if you shower.”
“Oh.” A smile curled the corners of John’s mouth.
He rang Greg next, deciding if he couldn’t get through to Greg, he still had Mycroft on speed dial. Then again, a rude gesture to the nearest CCTV would do the trick just as well, and might be more satisfying. Thankfully, Greg answered with an exhausted hello. It was only with a practiced ear that John could tell tired and woken from sleep from tired and needing sleep. Greg needed sleep. But he wearily told John that Sherlock had just been with him. That he’d just put Sherlock in a cab and sent him home. The thank you that rolled off of John’s tongue was sincere only until he disconnected the line.
“Disconnect the charge wire!”
Or that he was working through a particularly hard problem; while that would be closer to the truth, he was, in fact, working through a large number of problems simultaneously. That he had learned to tune out the drone of, well, everything going on around him just helped the more unobservant along in their incorrect thinking. Of course, the obvious exception to the rule, as usual, was John Watson.
“Privates,” John gave a brisk nod.
“Ah,” he pulled the small metal fragment out triumphantly. “Nice little souvenir.”
Towerblock opened his eyes from where he was sunning himself and shot Bird a wry smile. “Do you think idiocy is like cloud cover? I want an even tan.”
“YOU DID WHAT?!”
A flicker of a smile crossed John’s face. “Not really. No. You’re… Kinda passionate about this stuff.”
“Rocket?”
“He… He’s…”
“Jesus,” Nick grumbled.
“You’ve never let that stop you before,” Bird shot back.
“Oh God,” Towerblock muttered. “Fockin REME.”
“You have to stop. You’re going to give me a panic attack.”
“Right as rain,” she answered wryly.
“I just think it’s funny that you’ve all decided that
“Does he? Is it as entertaining as yours?”
“Well this’ll be great craic then.”
“You’re going to have to trust me, John.”
“John!”
“And what lovely tea party has interrupted my afternoon of… Well, tea.”
“Yeah,” she rubbed the back of her neck and straightened. “Fine. Grand.”
“I know. That wouldn’t have improved the state of your head.”
“Sherlock,” Dr. Watson was biting back a laugh now. “Calm down, luv.”
Donovan smiled. “Thanks, Boss.” She punched his shoulder and headed into the bullpen.
“And,” Sherlock held up the phone to study the picture against the project. “That’s not even red-green.” He tilted his head. “Or blue-yellow.”
“You called to say, ‘hi’?”
“You don’t really mind yelling though.”
John rolled his eyes. “You don’t need me for this; I bet you already know who it is.”
“It… It does what?”
“Sherlock.”
“If you light that cigarette, I will actually slap the stupid out of you,” Mag Aoidh threatened.
“Then yours ought to be revoked, because you’ve just uttered what might be the absolute dumbest sentence I’ve ever heard.”
“For, you know…”
“Think nothing of it.”
“Wait, what?” Sherlock blinked.
“This was quicker.”
“You’ll laugh.”
She rolled her eyes at him. “Check them yerself.”
Sherlock grinned. “Spectacular.”
Towerblock grinned. “Can do, Boss.”
“Marching headlong into the line of fire!” His finger wavered dangerously under John’s nose.
“Y’Sir!” Towerblock pulled the plug from the detonator. Not chancing an accidental detonation.
It was with a sigh, but Screwhole set his controller on the floor at his feet and stood, marking his superior height and size with the simple action. “My point is that this is a shared room, Lansley.”
“And you’re evading my questions.”
“Worked all night, so ta.” John stretched and twisted, cracking his spine with a small wince.
Gee watched him leave with a half grin. “Is he even stationed here?”
“I’m sorry, Holmes was it?” Nick rounded on him and paused. He squinted at Sherlock as Sherlock’s lip curled up. Nick’s expression morphed into something of surprise. “William… Wills?” He barked out a laugh and ruffled Sherlock’s hair. John briefly wondered if he was about to lose that hand. “Look at you! I’d no idea you’d thrown in with the hoi polloi. What rabble are you working with? Six? You can’t be Five and be out here.”
“I… what?” John’s mouth hung open.
Gee shifted her fingers nervously along the rim of the bowl. “I… It’s not that… This… You don’t…”
“Ooh,” Bird joined Mag Aoidh, pouring herself a coffee. “Who’s tall dark and handsome over there?”
John smothered the temptation to smile.
“Knock, knock?”
“Black,” Sherlock pointed to the shoes. “Black,” the trousers. “Grey,” the shirt. “And,” Sherlock’s head tilted curiously. “Actually, your face has gone rather grey-green now.”
“Thank you,” he lifted his own mug. “I have one. Just an explanation, if you please.”
“Bird!” She bumped her back.
“Well, this was fun,” John gave a brisk nod. “Ta, Greg. Uh… Congratulations?”
“Major Watson, I am more than capable-“ Nick pulled himself up to his full height.
“Well… It… It’s a Loo.”
“Is that a toilet?”
Mycroft huffed in agitation, flipped to the next page, and pulled out his mobile without looking up. The phone connected on the second ring. “Philip, I thought we had an agreement.”
“Hmm,” Sherlock’s eyes narrowed.
“Nick, please,” Mary interjected.
“Yes. Night then.”
John braced himself off the front of the mastiff and opened fire again. Giving them a brief respite in the crossfire. “We still have two, Captain.”
And of course, Sherlock had to upset the balance, Sherlock had to make the mistake that toppled their slowly growing peace. Not that John was entirely innocent in all this, certainly not. Though how he'd managed to drift so far without Sherlock... She'd tried to encourage them the right direction, in her way, but her boys were nothing if not stubborn. And nothing shy of their own inexhaustibly foolish bullheaded perseverance would move them forward again. And now Sherlock was gone off to God knows where getting into God knows what. She couldn't bear to lose him again and neither could John. And John had only just left a few hours before, and a single phone call could bring him tearing back here. Bless. But that temper, and that anger, and the frustration as he paced upstairs.
Sherlock hummed. “I’ve borne witness to stupider decisions.”
“You wound me!”
He shifted the phone from one hand to the other. “Are you quite alright?”
Nick forcibly bit back some harsh words and tilted his head. “Explain. And I’ll try to make a fair judgment on whether or not you should be sectioned.”
“Where are we with the non-suicide Jumpy McJumperson?”
“Yes.”
“Come on, Captain,” John grabbed her arm and hauled her back up to her feet. “There’s water in the CV.”
He wrinkled his nose and processed the taste. “Interesting.”
“Social niceties aren’t really my area,” Sherlock said flatly.
“Unreasonable? Sherlock,” he threw his hands up. “He wants us to sign the Official Secrets Act. Again, I might add. You always refuse Mycroft. Why this one? What’s so different about it?”
“Sherlock, I don’t care. I’m bushed. I need some sleep.” The belt came off.
“YOU FUCK OFF!”
“I see.”
“Fine… I sodding well hate that word,” John muttered. “It’ll be easier for me to get at that lac if you’re lying down. Make yourself comfortable there, and I’ll fix that right up.” He pulled out the supplies, gave the jagged cut a cursory clean, and settled down to work. “It’s funny,” he said finally.
John’s smile didn’t waver. “Where are you ever? Eat.”
“John. Tell me he’s not dating another one of your ex’s.”
Mary sighed. “I already tried to talk to Ge-Captain Mag Aoidh. I don’t think she appreciates my input.”
He stumbled up the stairs as silently as he could he manage, one hand clutching the banister while the other wrapped around his bruised and aching chest. The gang had had knives. And heavy boots. And fists. And Sherlock had been careless, cornered and outnumbered. They'd gotten several good swings of feet and fists and blades before Lestrade and his team had caught up. His ribs had taken a beating, as had his back, and his face must be a veritable Jackson Pollock of bruises and cuts. His lip was definitely split and his nose had been bleeding at some point.
“SHERLOCK!” At John’s bark, Sherlock snapped his mouth shut, watching John hesitantly. John hadn’t moved from parade rest, but his tongue shot out across his lower lip: a nervous tic to mask his desire to shake out his hand. “Sherlock, where, specifically, exactly, geographically are we going?”
“Holmes?”
“Actually. Quite. Yes.”
Lestrade raised a brow as Erikson smacked his hands together. “Blam?”
“But, Sir. Last time with the Minister-“
Mary frowned at him.
A moment passed.
“Right,” Lestrade glanced at the mangled panda car. “Should we give those two a lift back?”
John gave a loud, fake snore.
“Here, boss?”
John shifted his shoulders. “You ever been to Belize?”
“Oh.”
“I can’t believe you could be so stupid?! Do you think you’re being funny?”
“Feck off.”
When the door swung shut behind her, Gee and Bird exchanged a look and burst out laughing.
“It is, indefinitely, my brother or about my brother. I would rather not know.” The buzzing stopped again.
“My knuckles are absolutely…”
Gee sighed and frowned at Nick. “Mind you don’t end up with him wandering off.”
Sherlock raised a brow, deferring to John’s better judgment. Or rather giving John a chance to object and return to his planned dressing-down. Instead, he got a small nod.
Sherlock clicked the message closed, unsent. If his steps felt heavier than usual on the seventeen stairs down to the street he refused to acknowledge it.
“It’ll probably just keep ringing. Buzzing. Annoying you until you answer it.”
“Captain Mag Aoidh narrowly avoided a few broken ribs, and eked by with just a handful of stitches. That I have to spend any of my time patching these kids up makes me cross. What makes me livid, Sherlock, is that she was out of position, she was injured to protect you.”
John crossed his arms. He, in fact, had not been trying to be funny.
“Bullets don’t give a shit about any of that.”
Sherlock ignored Lestrade's question in favour of striding through to the kitchen to examine the evidence. Lestrade followed him silently, already radiating concern. Sergeant Donovan was standing at the back door of the house, holding a thin file. Sherlock nodded to her, his eyes darted around the room as he drank in the data, keen to lose himself in the rush of seeking the solution.
Sally grinned broadly and handed off the perp to the nearest squaddie. “Take care of that?”
“Yes. Thank you, Major.” Nick gave a closed lip smile as though he were trying to suck his face in through his own teeth.
“Basra?” John’s brows went up. “That was no picnic.”
“Since when do they send a major to babysit the MOD?”
“Sherlock!”
“Captain.” Mag Aoidh added the rank rather spitefully.
Sherlock frowned and set a cautious hand on John’s shoulder. “Breathing too, I’ve heard, is rather important.”
“It was Christmas?” Towerblock offered.
“No, Sir,” Towerblock flashed a lop-sided grin. “’Course not.”
“Hi.”
“That wasn’t rhetorical! What is
“I think you’re being unreasonable.”
“It is a clever…”
“So then, how do we get big haggis?” Rocket frowned.
“No, Bird, I didn’t mean it like that.”
Gee wasn’t as quick and a hand fell on her shoulder, keeping her in the chair. “Don’t get up, Captain.” He nodded to Bird, “At ease Corporal.”
Gee turned to look as Mac shouted at Simon across the hundred yards or so, “Yer bum’s oot the windae ye fuckin’ bampot!”
“Sherlock,” John raised his voice.
“So are you.” John blinked his eyes open. Sherlock was watching him, studying him with a familiar wariness, unfamiliarly focused straight at him. “Tell me you slept at some point.”
Screwhole smirked. “Shove it, Dickwrench.”
“Faruq?”
Mag Aoidh frowned at him. “Why the feck not?”
Dr. Watson sputtered again, replacing his mug on the table to cough into his shoulder. Mycroft decided that further discretion would be the better part of valor and pushed out of the chair.
“I do actually,” Nuttall tilted his head towards the Det. “I had a chance to look at the IED ATO pulled out of the ground today, and I think there’s something funny about it. Mind having a nosey?”
“No, Simon. No it wouldn’t.”
“And?”
“He is a complete knob and I regret that there is even some semblance of commonality between us. Besides.” Nick glanced at someone over Sherlock’s shoulder. “I spend my time with better people now. Nutsack,” Nick stood and offered his hand.
This was born of Jam's need to have a touch-starved Sherlock try to help a broken John. And I literally cannot help myself when Jam suggests something. We decided that there needed to be an epilogue of sorts... And after much debate and pillow throwing and smut talk and biscuits, we decided that a detached, outside observer would keep us in line and make sure this actually... ends... in a way... So. Here's Mycroft to bring the story to a close (sort of) ~Ewebie
“So am I,” John said flatly.
“I think I saw her over in the Det a few minutes ago.”
“Not much is going to make me feel better right now,” Gee interrupted, muttering into her coffee.
“Aye,” Rocket echoed.
“Sherlock, did you hear me?”
“Goddammit! Stay down!” Mag Aoidh took off at a sprint, leaving the shelter of the mastiff for the open space. The moment she’d started, the lads opened fire. Suppression was the only cover they’d have. She slid the last two feet to get low to the ground and provide the smallest amount of cover for the ATO. “Up!” she barked, grabbing the nearest arm and hauling them both back to their feet.
“Very well. Call me when it’s done.”
“Yeah but I bet you’re all swotted up in your suit.”
“A bit what?”
He clapped her on the shoulder. “One big arrest and you’re nothing but mouthy.”
“You’re an ungrateful sod, you know that?” she shook her head and disappeared again.
Screwhole just stood there, in the middle of the room, watching Simon quietly. “Medic or not. Go wash the blood off your face before you bleed on your uniform.”
“I don’t think Loo wanted to get shot. And I don’t think Mag Aoidh wanted that to happen either.”
“See?”
Mag Aoidh barely suppressed a smile. “You want kid gloves and a gentle touch, go see the Padre. You want to not die of sepsis then shut up and let me do my job.”
Gee shuddered. “No.”
“No…”
“You are,” John cut her off. “And you damn well know better. Your health and fitness is as important, if not more so than those you serve with.”
“I said ‘fine’!” Gee snapped and used the front end of the mastiff to struggle to her feet.
Towerblock laughed. “Are you denying it?”
“Loo, go! Go, go, go!”
She gestured at the toilet. “It’s… It’s a-“
Towerblock laughed. “Yes, Sir.”
“You’re awake.”
Donovan grinned. “Just keeping you on your toes. No luck though?”
A low laugh rumbled through Sherlock’s chest as he caught John’s wrist. “It’s not fuchsia.”
John barked out a laugh as a flush reached the tips of his ears. “Fuck off.”
“Nick!” Bird snapped her mouth shut and gave him a long look. “Of course I have. We share a bunk. So we spend the nights plaiting each other’s hair and having pillow fights in our non-regulation lingerie.”
“Are you just that good?”
“No, not you personally.” Nutsack squared off with Nick. “But you’re supposed to be the ATO; figure it’s in the job description. Thought you’d know stuff about the shit you pull out of the ground sometimes.”
Donovan shook her head. “From where?”
“Going to sleep,” he cut off Sherlock’s objection and shimmied out of his fatigues, slinging them over top his shirt.
“You trust that if you tear off on some case, I’ll have your back. And I do. You trust me to have a gun, or throw a good punch, or play foil to your wit. I do that every day, Sherlock. It’s what we do. But not here.”
“It was in spirit!” He didn’t care if the grip he had on John’s thigh left bruises, he had John’s attention briefly. The loud cry of pain stole it instantly.
Gee struggled to her feet. “Sir!”
“I said please. It wasn’t a suggestion.” John half turned, twisting just far enough to address Mag Aoidh directly. “You’re bleeding. Med tent. Now.”
“You know, I joined for the free food!” Rocket cut in.
“Oh, Captain Mag Aoidh. I didn’t know you were in here.”
Bird dropped, tucking up for cover by the nearest table; then thinking better of it, she tipped the table onto its side, providing better shelter for herself and Gee.
John huffed out a laugh.
“You’re the Padre,” he lifted his hands. “Do… Padre-ing, or something!”
Mycroft pressed his lips together in an effort not to frown. “Please don’t strain yourself. Another day on the base won’t kill him.”
“Sherlock.”
John just chuckled and headed out of their bunk. Absolutely determined to pretend there was nothing out of the ordinary about waking up with Sherlock in his arms. Because now was, most certainly, not the time for that kind of distraction. People were shooting. For God’s sake.
She finished cleaning the wound and prepped a local. “If I were being hard on you, you’d know it. Now hold still, this might sting a little.”
“See,” she shook her head. “It’s all a bit trickier when you grow up with car bombs and border stops. It goes from Good Fridays to Bloody Sundays in a flash of stupidity and bravado.”
He paced from the kitchen, absently noting the horrible curtains, the atrocious couch, the ugly throw rug that covered half of the sitting room. Creamy walls didn’t seem upbeat, but faded, dusky, worn and false and disturbing. He took another generous sip of the whiskey and scrubbed at his face. He was tired. That was all. Exhaustion. Work, and cases, and running around, and deliberately and resolutely avoiding the emotional wreckage that was his soul. Out of habit again, maybe, he found himself at the top of the stairs, stopping just short of crossing into the master suite. He glared through the open door at a room that was never truly his, a bed that had never brought rest, at sheets he hadn’t chosen. And he clenched his jaw and turned away, blinking back whatever was trying to crack through the levees he’d reinforced around his rage.
“John…”
“None of that, now,” Mrs. Hudson scolded. “I didn’t come to disturb, just thought you ought to have something nice and fresh this morning, after the late night.”
John joined the conversation with a quick nod. “WISWO.”
“You’re a public school twat with less charm than sense.”
“I ought to have you shipped off to Bastion for a scan or something.”
“My sandwich. It is a goner.”
“You picked some bold colors!”
“Won’t it?”
“You’re down one and a half squad members, tell me again how I’m being ridiculous.”
“FUCK!” Medhurst ran a hand through his hair. “BOLLOCKS!”
“Why do you look so skittish?”
“What was what like?”
“Be handier if he weren’t around ever.”
“It… Is a loo, Sir,” Bird offered.
Her head popped up and she frowned in his general direction, “What?”
“I am sending your brother home.”
“You’re going to leave the path, ya roaster!”
“Skip, get down!”
Lestrade frowned, doing his best to keep his shoulders from bunching with tension. “Am I?” No need to undo all the good work done the night before.
“Gregory.”
“Good morning, Sir.” She followed him into the office, heels tapping lightly on the tiled floor. “Did you have a pleasant day off?”
“John!”
Sherlock hummed an affirmative as John managed a few more fortifying breaths.
“BOSS SAID-“
“Stop. Please, just stop. My life is enough of a mess without you suggesting the sex I had with my ex was the reason he’s trying to destroy me.”
“Pop, clunk, click, click, snap.”
“Fine. How’s yours?”
“Yes…”
John flushed and scratched at the back of his neck.
“Here in my office?” Smith raised a brow.
“Various versions of color blindness. Protanopia, deuteranopia, tritanomaly, tritanopia.”
Sherlock hummed an affirmative.
Gee looked away. “Yeah, and?”
“But I wanted tea.”
Mary’s face pulled in disgust. “Nick!”
“Kinky. I never knew that about you, Gee.” Nick smirked as he stripped his shirt and vest, flopping on the med table.
“Project.” John said slowly, glancing between Sherlock and the large piece over his shoulder. “Just finished.”
He chuckled and smacked Sherlock on the back of the shoulder. “There ya go!”
“Boss said…”
“Sleep?”
John’s nose twitched. “You stay behind the mastiff.”
“Oh?” Bird’s smile stretched into a grin. “You’re not the only one limping around today.”
“Living in London is expensive,” he muttered into his hands. “And supplies are insanely expensive, and food is expensive, and pints with the lads is expensive, and Jesus, rent is just fucking insanely expensive. And why are you looking at me like that?”
Nuttall grinned. “Alright then.” And he headed towards the Det with Nick a half-pace behind.
Sherlock sat with his index fingers pressed together against the bow of his mouth, staring, rather unseeingly, out at the yard in front of the DFAC. Most people would think he was lost in thought; Sherlock was never
"Maybe if you rolled them together."
“Huh?” Mac wrinkled his nose.
“Sherlock!” John snapped.
“Mycroft,” he nodded. “To what do I owe the pleasure?”
“Hi.”
“I’m sorry?”
“Of course, Mr. Holmes.”
“And maybe,” Screwhole said softly. “You ought to go see the medic if you’re injured.”
Gee slumped into the chair behind her, shaking her head miserably. “What if it is?”
“All I’m sayin is that Skip was well buggered today.”
John twisted, dropping his voice low. “Sit.”
“See that it doesn’t.” Smith watched Towerblock intently. “As I was saying, this is an MOD man and a Major. And when I say MOD, I mean that in the vaguest of terms that should imply that he can fend for himself. And the Major-“
“Are you completely inept?”
“No,” Sherlock tightened a fist in his hair. “You’re not listening to me!”
“Sound like my kind of people,” John murmured wryly.
attempt to turn a pig cadaver into a bad impersonation of a human.”
“Captain Medhurst, do you care to explain why I have MI-6 calling me to give out about lack of clearance?”
Lestrade offered a half grin before he thought better of it. “Bold. We chase down our own leads, Donovan.”
“Gee…”
“You were busy sitting on my boss, so what does it matter?”
“And I disagree.” Sherlock grinned. “Plus, I’ve been repeatedly informed that impersonation of a military official carries quite the incarceration sentence. As such, only an actual officer is allowed dress,” Sherlock gestured vaguely at John. “In uniform.”
“M’fine, ta.”
“What did you do?” Gee hissed at him.
“I did no such thing,” Sherlock took a bite glumly then stared at the food as though it had personally offended him. “This is not food, John.”
“… stupid piece of…”
“I didn’t jump out at you. I was talking to you.”
Inept? John’s face creased.
Rocket gave him an innocent look. “It’s a memorial.”
“GEE!” Mag Aoidh startled, pushing up onto her forearms as Nick stormed into the med tent. “For fuck’s sake, Gee! Tell me you didn’t punch our lance corporal in the face!”
Towerblock grinned. "Wrong choice but fair?"
“So… The… The portraits are…”
John snorted.
“Many things?” Loo offered.
“Sherlock, Christ. You said you had a plan. It wasn’t to just kill me with embarrassment, was it?”
“What are we actually going to do with it?” Gee asked.
"SIT!"
“One… One of the engineers…”
“Oi! MEDHURST!”
John straightened and flopped onto his bed. “What does it look like, genius?” He toed off his boots, letting them drop to the packed-dirt floor. Then he reached for his belt.
“So,” Greg began with a lazy smile. “Sherlock is fine, then?”
“I would never… Not… At least not again…” John trailed off as Gee slowed to a trot approaching the DFAC. “Hey look, there’s your medic.”
Her eyes flicked towards Mac for a moment. “Right.”
Screwhole had been nearly at the DFAC when the first shot went off, and while he flinched and ducked for a moment, he shot up and dove towards the Padre. Mary made an odd whooping sound, but the two of them were back behind one of the permanent structures and clear of the mess.
“So I’ve noticed. And I’ve been assured, this isn’t actually a warzone.”
“Yes?”
“Sir.” Bird gave a nod and pulled herself into the first CV and tugged the door shut, leaving Simon and Mac to guard their ATO and House.
“Not what?"
“Passionate? You let me yell at you for ten minutes about this without batting an eye. You can’t be worried about the critique.”
“Good job, Gee,” Nick murmured, clapping a hand on her shoulder as he passed.
“FUCK!”
"I get it."
Sherlock inched around the second mastiff, eyeing the rusting car. It did stand out. Though it’d stopped just at the edge of the cordon; hadn’t required a warning.
Gee nodded.
“Myc…”
It was the sigh that did it.
“Just leave it there, I think,” Towerblock offered.
“Hair,” Towerblock interrupted, accepting the offered greeting. “I know. It’s all Auntie Lor talks about. Mr. Holmes, nice to meet you.”
“Yeah. Yup,” he waved her out of the office and resumed his careful review of what they actually did have. It was very little. Two hours later and four past when he was due to leave, he wasn’t any further along. “Well that was a productive use of my time,” he muttered towards the near empty bullpen. Then he tugged on his coat and headed out the door.
Bird grinned. “Shout on.”
“Twat.” She smacked the top of his helmet as she stood and dusted her fatigues.
Nick glared. “Are you ordering me out, Major?”
“Good morning, Dr. Watson. I see you’ve slept.”
“And it hurts.”
Gee watched him head towards the break in the buildings, squinting at the footpath and shadows. “Bird, did Hog’s people go through all the buildings?”
“Feck off.”
John’s smile was professionally cold. “Didn’t manage to lose him in the field today. I think I’m stuck with him.”
He flicked his eyes nervously back to Sherlock. “That’s… That’s all I said.”
“Bunk?”
Nick took a few stumbling steps before he found his feet again and managed to take his own weight. “Shit that bloody stings.”
Gee shuffled and hissed, trying to edge further into the protection of the old structure around the edge of the DFAC.
“Yeah,” he nodded again.
“Dare I ask,” Sherlock began, propping his shoulder against the wall and making himself lazily comfortable as John toweled his face clean. “You weren’t born with monochromacy.”
“Sir, how long ago were you over here fighting?”
“Sherlock, sit down.”
Gee moved like a flash, throwing a solid right hook into Simon’s jaw before he could flinch. And he hit the ground with a squawk as Gee gasped and caught herself with an arm pressed hard to her ribs.
“Dammit!”
“Oh, John,” Sherlock’s voice dropped into a low purr. “I wasn’t talking about the injuries.”
“Nick!” She cuffed him upside the back of his head and tried to storm off.
“You going to be able to keep from punching Lansley in the future?”
“Good.” He dumped the ice pack on the coffee table. “How do we fix this?”
“Skip, get down!” Mac barked.
“And everyone else… Less busy.”
“No! NO! You can’t just…!”
Sherlock
“Yup.”
“You missed the medic afterwards.” He mimed poking Bird in the sternum. “Does that hurt? Does that hurt? Yeah, thought so. Stupid plonker.”
“You, me, and Watson,” Towerblock slid one of the rifles across the dead space between them. “First one to knock him down wins.”
“Exactly.” Nick leaned over the table. “And that was our shout.”
Sherlock blinked as John pulled back and the brightness of the midday sun returned. John shook his shoulder and gave him a concerned look, lifting his thumb in question. Sherlock tried to pop his ears. Ah, the ringing was back. That was irritating. He gave a nod and returned the gesture and John was gone again. Damn him. Sherlock shook his head to clear it and frowned at the empty field stretching out in front of him. The dust was settling and the members of Bluestone who’d been out in the barren space were gone. Moved in closer. Bird was still off to his side, shouting down the coms. Lansley and McDowell were flat to the ground, aiming at whatever was left of the buildings, picking their shots carefully.
“How what?”
Finally, Gee sucked in a breath and held it, choosing her words carefully. “What do I do after this?”
Towerblock grinned. “Absolutely, Sir.”
“You can’t.” Sherlock’s grip tightened as he climbed onto the cot, framing John’s hips with his knees.
“I can probably see better from up there,” Loo tipped his head at the structures. “Better vantage point and all.”
John let out a small whimper and tucked his head between his knees. His breathing was definitely tight. And fast. Too fast. He was gulping. God, he was going to vomit in the middle of the studio.
“I shall.”
“Going?” Sherlock grumbled. “Going to meet your boyfriend?”
“It is, isn’t it. So Medhurst has just bullied his medic into lifting their ban. You and I will be going on a ride-along rather soon.”
“Yes, bunk. Sorry, Holmes. Real estate on a FOB is in short supply. You and the Major will have to share.”
“Boss?” Bird perked up, closing her laptop with a click as Nick reached the tent.
“You…” Sherlock squinted at him. “You did it in greyscale…”
“Did you ever…”
“Greyscale,” he said simply, turning the phone for John to look at.
“Battery is dead,” Sherlock said simply.
“Don’t assume to know what I can and cannot imagine. Besides, that has been a rather unsuccessful tactic of late, hasn’t it?”
“Offer remains, Sherlock. Should you need… fatherly advice.”
“Yeah, no.” Bird frowned. “Definitely no.”
“Sherlock, wha? What are you…?”
“No.”
“That sounds successful to me,” Smith cautiously tested the stew.
Sherlock tossed a handful of notes at the cab driver and hauled himself out onto the street. The big black door of 221b seemed warm and welcoming and it was with a deep inhale that he quietly let himself in. He breathed in the comforting scent of home and allowed just one shiver of longing to swell in his chest before ruthlessly squashing it back down.
“I… Yeah.”
The grin she flashed his way was mildly disturbing, and Mycroft only just managed to keep from frowning as the smile melted from his face. “Oh, yes. I quite forgot about those.”
“Captain,” he dismissed her with a tilt of his head, and she knew enough to make herself scarce. John crossed his arms and ran his eyes meticulously up the length of Sherlock’s body, finally coming to rest on his face. “Ok?”
“In a manner of speaking.”
“The RPG?” John raised a brow.
“Took you three months to learn mine, and we’d been on the same base for a whole tour before that,” Screwhole muttered.
“It’s… Just one…” Loo shook his head slowly. “You know what? Doesn’t matter.”
“Well done,” Bird clapped him on the shoulder. “We’ve a shout on.” The rest of Bluestone filed out, carrying various bits of equipment.
“I can tell.”
“Ta,” Bird echoed.
“No. It’s a bit sore, but it’s fine.”
“And how is that working out here?”
“Skip! Skip, you need to…” Mac waved vaguely toward the Det.
“What do you need to know?”
Sherlock’s face scrunched. “You were trying to draw their fire!”
“Enough, Simon. Mac? Rocket?” Nick bobbed his head towards the mastiff. “Shall we fuck off home?” He was met with a collective ‘Aye!’ from the pair. “Then pull out your thumbs and let’s go.”
“What? No!”
“For?”
“Pretend all you want, Bird.” He waved a hand dismissively. “You’re not…” He paused and tilted his head, caught in a vague notion.
Mac shot a wide grin Rocket’s way and scooped up the portaloo. “You heard the Major. As we were.”
“Or calf,” Simon shrugged.
Mac and Rocket arrived at the Det simultaneously. “Is there a shout on?”
Gee lowered herself back down onto the cot. “Bounced off the mastiff, ta very much.”
Rocket glanced between Mac and Lansley for a moment. “Oooooooh, Ammo store!”
“Haggis?” Simon grimaced. “That boiled stomach-bag of sheep pluck, suet, and oatmeal? Unfortunately, yes.”
Simon sucked in a breath, forced a smile that looked more terrified than pleased, and shook his head. “He drove.”
were you thinking?!”
Nick shrugged. “Oh, you know, just expressing myself the way generations of high society, British men have learned to do.”
“Nice, Simon,” Nick stood. “Right! Off we fuck.”
“Playboy?”
Sherlock startled as Towerblock edged up next to his side, two large rifles in tow. He gave Sherlock a stern glare, “Stay here.”
“John, no!” Sherlock yanked him back down as a smattering of bullets passed overhead.
“We tell you that to make you feel better,” Gee patted his shoulder.
“Ah, Captain Medhurst. The Padre and I were just discussing the first rule.”
“And if it wouldn’t have me court-martialed, I’d have put him down the last time I saw him.”
“Let’s go lads!” Jasmine hollered, taking her place at the side of the Loo’s gurney and heading for the airlift.
Sherlock tried to be content with their friendship as it now stood but he longed to reach out and offer comfort. Just a hand on the shoulder. Or a pat on the knee. Knowing such overtures would be pushed away and eager to never make John angry enough to leave and refuse to return, Sherlock stayed his hand. His memories of John's touch would sustain him.
“It’s a,” Mac made a round shape with his hands. “Ya know, small and furry. Lives in glens. Like a highland hamster.”
“I should just trust you then, shall I?”
“Boss,” Towerblock called.
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Medhurst.”
John snorted. “My point stands. Is your arm alright?”
“Oh.”
He sighed and ran a hand over the back of his neck, turning to gaze out at the yard as a fresh cup of coffee was placed in front of him. “Towerblock?”
“I know where to find you,” Gee finished.
“Dear God, this is boring!” Nick declared, dropping into one of the spare chairs. “Is it wrong to want a good, old-fashioned car bomb to show up somewhere?”
“It’s far more likely that he’d smell my product on you.”
Sherlock cocked his head. “Injury?”
Mag Aoidh made a looping gesture with one hand. “The one goes off and it sets off the next and the next. Dominos.”
Nick grinned. “It works far more frequently than you’d imagine.”
“Ta.” John gave a nod. “Because I think I see our WISWO over there, and I really need a chat.”
“Please.”
Bird snickered.
“Nope.”
“Well if it isn’t, then we witnessed a miracle today,” Mac offered. “And I, for one, feel blessed.”
The seventeen steps took ages. And by the time he reached the sitting room again, John felt a decade older. He tried to sit, but it doesn’t take. He tried, but he can’t. John stood and resumed his pacing. Back and forth. Wearing a slow hole in the carpet. Put him in a cab. Pu. Him. In. A. Cab. John was going to kill him. It had gone half two in the morning and he was going to murder him. Poor Mrs. Hudson and the floors of this flat, because when John got his hands on Sherlock, he was going to beat the ever-loving tar out of him for being so bloody, sodding-well stupid! The fists John made were no longer conscious as he stomped back and forth across the narrow space left in the room. All the air had been sucked out. All the dust. All the mess. And Jesus, could Sherlock bother to clean a fucking mug once in awhile? He was going to wring his perfect, alabaster neck!
“Of course, Sir. Do carry on.”
“Place called Patrol Base Frost.”
“Two weeks,” John countered.
“Fine. On my reputation as a private school twat.”
“At ten o’clock, first floor window,” John hummed.
“Here!” Mag Aoidh propelled Nick toward the protection of the engine block. She stepped over his outstretched legs and dropped to one knee, unerringly finding the bleeding with a firm hand.
John chuckled. “I’m old Gordo. I’m leaving the grunt work to the…”
“Coffee is reheatable. That’s what microwaves are for.”
“Guys we don’t…” Gee’s voice cut out as the automatic fire restarted.
“Hey, Sherlock. Love. Look at me. That’s it.”
“Mr. Holmes, Major Watson,” Mary clapped her hands together. “Thank you so much for all you’ve done. It was… such a pleasure.”
“I was unaware that was a problem to which I was required to attend,” he said dismissively, picking up a fork and poking at the food. “Is this supposed to be edible?”
A few of the more nebulous details slotted into place and Sherlock’s face lit with understanding. “He knew you had a crush on me.”
“You know I’m right.”
“No, what did I say?”
“That the Colonel?”
“All of us?” Gee’s brows went up.
Mycroft couldn’t resist the faint upturn at the corners of his mouth. “I’m sure Gregory could find the time between the end of the work day and when I expect him for dinner.”
This time, John grinned. “I love the heat. You’re the one with the absurdly fair skin.”
Both of his brows shot up.
John snorted.
“Get them in here, Bird,” Nick snapped.
“Corporal House!”
“Right. Good. Have I left anyone out?”
“Five doesn’t work out here.”
John made a thoughtful sound. “How’s the squad doing with it?”
“Right, I’m sick of this hell hole!”
“Asked,” Sherlock snorted.
“Yeah,” Gee sighed and watched Nick’s face cautiously. “And I really don’t like it, but the numbers don’t lie. Medical supplies, ammo, petrol and vehicle use. All are greater use and demand since I got here. I’ve done way more work than Jazz; I called her this morning. She thinks it’s odd too.”
“God, you can’t…” He sighed and dropped onto his cot. “You can’t just jump out at people.”
“Right?” Donovan asked softly.
“That is, more or less, accurate,” Sherlock murmured.
“Only on base. Nick is either trying it on with the Padre or having a wank over the Padre. Gordo’s probably watching. The CO is likely to show up the moment I mention him, so better not. Simon is probably crying in a corner. I’ve no idea what Loo does in his free time. And I,” Bird interlaced her fingers behind her head and smiled. “I am enjoying the fact that I’ve cleaned and shined all my toys, so I can sit here and-“
Mac waved a hand, “And?”
Gee frowned. “Mac and Towerblock finally consummate their torrid love affair?”
“I’m not-“ John hesitated as a second hand joined the first.
Mac face-palmed. “No. Not geih. Gee.”
“John!”
“Dominos? Yes, actually, Lansley, I do. A few of the twats I came across in Bagdad were fans of them.” She flattened her palms against the worktop, spreading her fingers out wide and bracing against her arms. “They’re really fecking efficient. Particularly in buildings.”
“Don’t say it,” Bird groaned.
“Goddammit, Gee!” Nick roared. “Why?!”
“I still say-”
“Oh my God, Shut UP!” Towerblock hollered back.
“Raining men.” Bird flashed a wry smile and patted his chest. “Just like the discos you went to up North.”
“Lads, I want you to take flank here and there. Let’s get the ATO back in the CV, yeah?”
John burst out laughing.
“I see. And… Your fixer. Faruq. What about him?”
“I… Right…” Mary nodded. “Yes. Right. I’ll. Sort it. Yes. Of course.” She forced a smile at Nick. “Shout go ok?”
“John,” Sherlock crouched on one knee. “Now you really are quite green. And if you keep doing that to your hair, you’ll look rather ginger. And conté is incredibly difficult to clean from hair as blond as yours.”
“Bird! Fix the coms!”
Nick pushed between them and flicked a cigarette out onto the road. “Hog checked twice. I asked.”
“Hey!” Rocket objected.
“I just think it could use more… Style?”
Sherlock shifted nervously. Anxiously. Antsy. Where was John? What if the shots at the Det had hit him? What if he was bleeding?
“Forget it kiddo. If you’re the one showing us around, this is going to be far more fun than I expected.” John shifted to include Sherlock in the conversation, opening the circle to all four of them. “Corporal House, this is Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock, Gordon House.”
Greg sighed heavily.
“Mmn,” Bird hummed into her coffee.
Mycroft felt the corners of his mouth pull down in spite of himself. That had been well missed. It was about time he reinstalled the surveillance in Baker Street. Not only was John Watson bedecked in only his pants, but his hair was disheveled in such a fashion that it left nothing to the imagination as to how it came to stick out at odd angles. And for the love of God… A hickey on his neck. Childish.
“No!” John burst out. “No. God, no. That…” He blew out a breath. “No. He wanted to see other people. I left him to it. He’s going to be leaving London when we graduate anyway. I just didn’t see the point in trying long distance. I… We weren’t that serious about each other.”
Mycroft hummed.
Nick scoffed. “Yes. The car bomb was a surprise.”
“Tell him about the crab racing!”
He scoffed.
“Gee. Her name is Gee.”
Sherlock tried and failed to smother a grin. “And you’re a south paw. I didn’t expect a right hook from you.”
John cocked a brow. “No. Now up.”
“Yes, Sir?”
“Patrol base? Sherlock?”
"You have always been too soft with him," Donovan snapped. "At least when John was here with him, he'd have been a bit better behaved. Still so far up his own arse, always the great consulting detective..."
“Not what’s bleeding,” John finished. He jerked his chin up. “Shirt off. Let’s have a look.”
“Excellent idea, Mary,” Nick held an overly polite expression and followed Mary’s progress out the door. When she’d gone, he turned back to the Lieutenant Colonel. “A word, Sir?”
“I know you can hear me and it’s annoying.”
"Any ideas yet?" Lestrade addressed him, but Sherlock didn't turn around and waved a hand for quiet. Donovan snorted.
Something dawned, enlightenment spreading across Sherlock’s face. He looked at their project, studying it carefully. “You did the greyscale. Oh.” He pulled his mobile out and snapped a quick picture of the monstrosity, narrowing his eyes as he played with the image. “Oh, I see.”
“Yeah,” Mag Aoidh nodded.
Mag Aoidh’s expression was stormy. “You were shot. Grounding is SOP.”
“There are two recent additions,” he turned over the next sheet. “Captain Muireann Mag Aoidh. Medic. From Shankill, trained at Queen’s. Third tour. Requested remote placement after Basra and Bastion.”
He blinked. John was there. Right in front of him.
John craned his neck, trying to get a look at the screen. “What’s ‘Oh’? What do you see?”
John marched towards their designated bunk in a style that could only be described as militant. And while Sherlock was happy to follow, happily watching as he followed; he also was well aware that John was epically cross. And if that made John stand a little taller, square his shoulders that much further, and stride just a bit longer, well… It was hard to be disappointed in the outcome.
“I see.”
Gee watched him for a long moment. “Alright.”
“The highland glens.”
“I’m sure it wasn’t.”
“… Not in front of the visiting Major and that MOD…”
John raised a brow.
“Why?”
“Bloody… Fecking… Sodding…” Gee grit her teeth and pushed up from her spot on the floor. She was clearly in pain, but Gee made her way slowly into the middle of the yard as the unit pressed forward cautiously.
“Sorry, what?”
“Yeah. You do that.”
“Where do you want to start?” Towerblock cut in.
And Sherlock was still talking. He spoke. Rambled. Babbled. The words no longer made sense. Don’t worry. Don’t need. All fine. And John couldn’t decide what he felt anymore, except that he was either about to shout or vomit or both. And he figured he’d better decide before his gut decided for him. And John Watson fell back on what made him comfortable. He shouted. Barked really. Just one word.
“And we have the files for-“
“It’s coming from the buildings, Boss!” Simon shouted over the coms.
“… bloody… in the… Loo… sonuva….”
“Aye, because ye got yer eejit self shot! Now do you want to keep making fun of where I’m from or do ye want me to close that hole in yer side that’s gaping worse than yer maw, you pretentious prick?”
“Why is Sher…” John frowned, his hands hovering mid-suture. “Oh God. He didn’t.”
He glanced up and quirked an eyebrow. The buzzing stopped. “No,” he said flatly. The buzzing started again.
“M-murder…”
“Bird, I’m not. I swear,” he crossed his fingers over his heart. “On my honour as a gentleman.”
“Well I’m off,” Towerblock slipped out of his chair and disappeared before Sherlock could make his way to the small table.
“I’m proud of my unit. They have behaved admirably.”
“There’s been an explosion, contact in yellow-five-B.”
“You would have, wouldn’t you?”
“It’s… I mean… In Ireland… Gee is… Like a…” Loo flushed bright enough that his ears were practically glowing in the room. “Itsavagina.”
Rocket grinned, let out a whoop, primed the rifle, and pulled off a quick shot.
“Inappropriate!” Mary exclaimed.
Simon dropped to his belly and shimmied across the floor, commando crawling to Mac and Rocket’s makeshift barricade. Mac rolled his eyes, but a moment later, Simon’s previous, flimsy cover took another hit and the table splintered into pieces.
“And then John and I will go out for a pint.”
“Don’t patronize me.”
Gordon tilted his head, inviting John over, but he shook it off. He was much happier to watch. It wasn’t observing, as Sherlock would say, but it gave him information. Gordon dumped his tray and joined John instead. “Gordo,” John tilted his cup.
“Yeah, right, okay. But that,” John gestured at the table. “Looks like new, fresh wire. And I’m pretty sure that’s the Fulton logo there on the pressure plate.”
“May I see your pastels?”
John groaned.
Mac burst out laughing again.
The Det was quiet; the odd surge of breeze shifting the canvas and rustling the wall maps. There was nothing preternatural about it, nothing extraordinary, just a small pocket of calm.
John laughed.
They were cautious, controlled as they took their places, watching the buildings for movement. After a moment, John gave a quick nod. “Medhurst, please.” And then he was behind the mastiff with Bird and Sherlock. “Gordo, let’s get you back here too.”
“Ah, Lieutenant Colonel Smith.” Mycroft rose and extended his hand. The handshake was firm, but not overly so. No posturing, no show of force. Civil. Prompt. Military. Official. He gestured to the empty chair. “To what do I owe the pleasure?”
“Look, I’m sorry to… Interrupt… I know you’re busy. I Just…. Look, give me a call back when you can?” Lestrade disconnected the call with a sigh.
Gee frowned at him and crossed her arms defensively. “Really? Because I distinctly remember you arguing with the Major, and that was borderline nonsensical.”
John did a double take. “Get that a lot do you?”
"So, any idea where they've taken her then?"
She threw up her hands. “Fine. I’ll take Reilly.”
“There… Aren’t anymore.”
Mycroft frowned at the phone. “There is no such thing.”
“I’m sorry.” Nick stooped, furrowing his brow. “Who?”
“That’s not an endemic region.”
Gee shook her head slowly. “Not even in Birmingham would we have a prayer, lads.”
“I swear to God, Gee, if I have to come back there and draw a diagram explaining why that is just about the worst idea you’ve ever had, I will make you walk out past the cordon to prove my point and you’ll need a medic yourself.”
“Nick…”
“And home was just… Not home. And I felt like I was unmoored or something. I needed people again.”
He shrugged. “Mary’s decent enough, I suppose. Bit uptight. Nick wants to pull her. Everyone knows. They’ll probably never do it.”
“Can’t I?” John flashed a smile. “Have you any idea why I’m actually here, Captain Medhurst?”
He frowned. “No.”
Happy that no one else needed anything, she made her way behind the second CV and crossed her arms to glare down at Sherlock. “You’re a tit,” she said flatly.
John groaned. “No. No, no, no.” John dragged a hand down his face. “Oh God. How bad? How bad is it?”
“And how do I get him to focus?” Towerblock handed over the first rifle. “He has the attention span of a gnat.”
“Yes.” Nick stood. “But only because I’m bored. And it’s been a few hours since I’ve nearly had my balls blown off.”
“Fine, fine,” he heaved a sigh. “I’ll do Davis and Coleman. Give Linney and Adams to Gregson; he did buy you that one lead. But you have to take Reilly and the car.”
“The stories he could probably tell about you,” Towerblock smirked.
With a heavy sigh, Gee eased down onto the cot, only uncrossing her arms to brace her palms against the frame of the bed beside her hips. “It really isn’t that bad.” As a final protest, it was weak. “I’d know if my ribs were broken.”
