“It’s not my fault that golf gets to yell something cool and archery doesn’t,” Clint said defensively. “And what does it look like I’m doing? I’m decorating for Christmas!”
“Don’t lie to me, kid.”
“Of course.”
“Yeah.” Steve exhaled, long and loud, turning to stare out over the fire. “It’s just...it’s strange, you know? Sometimes it feels like so much has changed. The foods, the clothes, the people – everything’s so fast and flashy and
it, the inevitability of him wielding the stones, so firmly written into him that it felt as though it had
“I don’t see how I can without just upsetting you more,” Steve said stiffly, not moving away from the door.
yes I realized I published chapter 4 yesterday. should I have 100% been studying instead of writing this? yes. did that stop me? apparently not. so here we are. <3
“You tell that old man he has no sense of style!” he called as he walked. “Two words for him: Spangly. Outfit.”
“Tell me,” Tony said, voice strained, not wanting to know but knowing he needed the truth. Rhodey paused, then nodded.
Beloved wife and mother.
But he was distracted from his amusement by the sound of a very loud THUD behind him, and he turned, the rest of the team with him tensing momentarily, then relaxing. A blue-and-grey armor was standing across from him, its face unreadable until the helmet retracted, and then Tony had to resist the urge to beg its inhabitant to
traveling with a guy who called himself Starlord, so honestly they were probably doing about as well as could be hoped for.
He waited, glaring between the three of them, daring any one of them to answer. When they didn’t, he snorted derisively. “That’s right, you dismissed me. You said I was just suffering from PTSD and an overactive imagination and should just shut the fuck up. You made me into a Cassandra. Well guess what – Troy has fallen, and you lot keeping your fucking heads in the sand while
“Cap! Language!” he scolded, giving his boyfriend (partner? Significant other? Ugh) a shit-eating smirk. Steve tilted his head back, and Tony heard him counting very slowly to ten, and he snickered.
“Optimistically? Three days, princess,” Rocket responded, voice tight.
expect to hear called to him, and before he could react a blur was racing toward him, slamming into him and knocking him out of Rhodey’s and Nebula’s grasp and onto the soft grass. He let out a pained grunt before he could hold it in, and immediately heard a squeak of distress. “I’m so sorry, Mr. Stark, I didn’t mean to hurt you, I’m just so happy to see you, I was so scared when you left on that alien spaceship, and we hadn’t heard from you since then, and then people started turning to dust, and it’s been
“Try not to be such a beacon of sunshine and optimism, Rocket,” Natasha said drily, leaning onto her palms over the table, braid falling forward. “You brought this information to us, Captain – I’m assuming you have a plan?”
“Are we not going to talk about why he’s calling Tony out specifically?” Steve interrupted, tension visible in every line of his body. Natasha turned to him, expression unreadable.
“Certainly, you are welcome to accompany me. I’m not there as often since I was put in charge of the New York sanctum, but it would probably be good for me to visit and check in on how our new acolytes are doing,” Stephen responded formally once he’d recovered, and Tony hid a snicker; hiding behind stuffy language was Stephen’s primary defense mechanism when he got caught off-guard, and Tony was always endlessly amused when it came out.
story in a diff fic, if people would be interested? I know it’s not one of the two main pairings I’ve been using, but idk, IronStrange is cute imo ^^) Aaaand that brings you to where we are. It’s about a decade after Thanos’s original snap, and since Morgan was born a little earlier in this timeline, she’d be in her early 20s now. Hope you enjoy!
, and that was everything to him.
Clint was cut off by a savage elbow to the side from Natasha as Tony looked at him in confusion. But before Tony could ask, Natasha said calmly, “Breakfast is ready in the kitchen. If you want any, I’d suggest getting there before Thor.”
“Petey?” he called out tentatively, and Harley let go of him, pulling back ever-so-slightly to look at his brother. Peter shook his head, silent, and Tony fought down the urge to just immediately start shouting out apologies, giving Peter a moment to process.
want, because God hated him that way or something. Fuck.
“You think I didn’t try that? I
But no, he couldn’t abandon his daughter. She would not be orphaned so young, she
Steve sighed. “Thanks for the advice, Tony.”
“Thanks, Peter,” Tony croaked, and he blinked. With surprise, he brushed a palm against his face, realizing his cheeks were wet.
CEO of SI – her mother’s genes, he always insisted when he saw her ruthlessly cut down any business associate who dared to cross her – then eventually taking up her parents’ mantle in the armor when Pepper and Tony got old enough to retire.
Thor, though Tony was fairly sure he hadn’t ever been involved in a snowball fight before, picked up the general idea fairly quickly. Grinning wildly, he let out a war cry, launching snowballs at everyone he could see. Natasha and Clint formed an alliance immediately, watching each other’s backs as they made a little mound to hide behind, and Tony sought cover behind a convenient large rock.
“I knew you were still alive,” he mumbled, and Tony could hear the last of the doubts that made that sentence a lie crumbling away. He tightened his hold on Peter, one hand coming up to rest in the kid’s hair.
at the thought of them entering this fray. Clearly, though, they could see
So this is timeline #2, the one we JUST left at the end of chapter 4 of Two More Miracles, when Timeline 2!Tony's just been stuffed back into his own body with the knowledge the stones shoved into his brain about the multiverse.
But then again, that also meant that that Peter and Harley and Steve and Morgan would be missing him now, would feel his loss. Perhaps it would be better in future timelines if he didn’t make those connections, if he just sought out Thanos from the start and ended it as quickly as possible. Perhaps that was less cruel; but it did leave him feeling empty inside, the bleakness of a future of hunting down 14,000,603 Thanoses with none of Peter’s smile, none of Morgan’s curious questions, none of Harley’s sass tugging at him.
. You put on this mask of callousness and indifference but you care more than anyone I’ve ever met. You act like you’re not a hero but you’re the first one to put your life on the line. I feel like I can never catch my breath with you, and it drives me absolutely
“What about you?” he prompted. At Steve’s confused look, he clarified. “What were you thinking about?”
Tony just nodded wordlessly, taking a second to pull himself together before turning back to the group, who were looking at him with identical expressions of sympathy. “Right, so. The plan,” he prompted, his voice as pointedly even as possible. Blessedly, they didn’t push the point, didn’t offer empty reassurances.
“I’m sorry, Tony,” Steve said, his voice somber, and Tony swayed, his heart cracking. Nebula’s grip on him tightened, struggling to hold him up, and Rhodey stepped forward to help.
, they’re -
, lately, which might just be how Steve had always looked, only Tony had just really started to notice. But it wasn’t enough that the man had to be hot enough to melt ice cream in -12 degree weather, he
Automatically, Tony licked his lips, and watched with nothing short of amazement as Steve’s eyes followed the movement before darting back up to his. Tony’s heart thudded erratically in his chest, and he felt as though there was an invisible string between him and Steve slowly and insistently tugging them closer together.
, mostly just seeing each other when it was required by their respective jobs, which was the majority of most days. Jobs he’d given them. He’d always wondered what it would be like to be part of a group of friends, and it was...
I here?” he asked.
. Steve just looked at him, anger and hurt swirling in his eyes, then turned on his heel and stalked out of the room - or tried to, rather. Because when Steve tugged on the door, it didn’t budge.
“We will not take no for an answer,” Harley said, eyes twinkling with something akin to mischief. “Think on it – you will have the time.”
“What good would it do?” she asked simply, and Tony understood immediately.
“Awesome! Send it to Nebula with the title Prodigal Son Kicked Your Ass.”
The Chitauri. Tony would recognize them anywhere. They were back, and if they were back, that could only mean –
“I don’t think the kid is buying it, Tones,” Rhodey stage-whispered with a shit-eating grin. Tony glared at him.
“I – I’ve been doing no such thing!” Tony sputtered, feeling his cheeks get hot.
“And we don’t mean the kind of work it out where you guys act like you’re cool but are secretly pissed. You have to actually make up for FRIDAY to let you out,” Harley warned. “Good niiiiiiight!”
Tony lowered his repulsor, clutching his chest. “Jesus, kid, you almost gave me a heart attack! I have a heart condition, you know,” he scolded, heart still racing – though that may not have
he was supposed to ask for. “You – you’re too generous,” he protested. “I’m getting enough by just getting to go back home to my family.”
When they said their goodbyes, it was with a lot more lightheartedness than how they’d said their hellos, and Tony was grinning, relieved and excited, when he finally hung up the phone.
- of an idyllic life, complete with a beautiful, wonderful daughter? He pushed himself up, looking around; he was on the Milano – he was on the
“DAD TELL NEBULA YOU CONSIDER HER ONE OF YOUR CHILDREN,” Harley screeched as he, Nebula, Peter, and Morgan burst through the kitchen door, the door having slammed into the wall behind them.
“Who told you that?” Tony interrupted, recalling how this conversation had gone in his old memories, the old hurt, fury,
of the timelines he’d lived; his love for Pepper was too consuming, too brilliant in this timeline. It was more that there was a sense of something being
Pepper, start to drip away.
But he was reminded of all the bright moments he’d gotten with Peter and Harley this time, the connection he’d formed with Nebula, the chance to make up with Steve and become something
“Told you you’re a bad influence,” he said, folding his arms, and that startled a snort out of Stephen, who glanced at him in amazement before schooling his expression and looking back at Morgan.
, and you keep fighting, then I guess I’ll give you one last piece of advice that I hope you’ll actually listen to: if you find him, or if he finds you – run. Run and hide, Hector, because you won’t walk away from that fight.”
“I kinda figured,” Bruce said wryly, leaning against the wall, arms folded. “I’ll follow the rest of you out and suit up when we get there.”
“That’s just what a s’more is, buddy,” Bruce whispered back.
“You’re telling me. I used to tell Bucky he took all the stupid with him, but I’m not so sure about that anymore.” Steve crossed the room, coming to sit by Tony at the kitchen table, the familiar weighty feeling settling over them as it always did with any of the survivors when one of the dusted was mentioned. Steve looked down at the table, expression unreadable. “Do you ever wonder if we’re still doing enough good? If we’re still heroes?”
, because you’re my
“Are you certain, Man of Iron?” Thor called, brow pinched with concern as he made his way over, Valkyrie and Nebula hot on his heels. Tony didn’t need to turn to know that Rhodey had already come to stand beside him; he could feel the James Rhodes Concerned Mother Hen Routine activating without even looking his way. “You became very pale,” Thor continued, and Tony just gave him a quick, easy grin.
Thanos ignored him, starting to pace. “Do you know what it is like to have them whispering in your mind every moment of every day of some insignificant
“Okay, everybody, go crazy. Take out whatever you can and call for backup if you need it,” Natasha ordered over the coms. “Tony – stay away from Thanos.”
Tony quashed down his moment of pity, knowing challenging Thanos would be pointless if this world’s Thanos did the same as his. But then again, the Steve he remembered had never mentioned anything about helping with the rebuilding efforts – so who knew what was the same anymore. “Sounds good,” he said abruptly, clapping Steve on the shoulder. “I’ll see if Peter and Rhodey are on board, and you can let us know where you need us.”
“Shoe’s on the other foot, eh? Now you know how I feel watching you pull all the dangerous shit you do,” he countered, and Tony had to fight the urge to just say ‘fuck it’ and hug the everliving shit out him. “Now help me up, dumbass. We have a purple ass to kick.”
life for the past two years, and now it was time for Tony to take it back. Not that he was displeased with the developments, if he was being honest with himself. The stones had showed him what was going on, let him experience it like he was living it, so Tony had already been able to go through the process of grieving for Pepper, of bonding with Steve, of getting past Steve’s pigheaded, stubborn need to
of knowledge poured into his head – the
“Maybe we should focus on our actual goals here,” Bruce interrupted mildly, and Clint huffed but subsided.
and everyone said you were dead but I knew you weren’t, and I’m just so happy you’re here, Mr. Stark!”
“Tell Tony to be careful,” she said finally, voice tight. Steve gave a murmur of affirmation, and then Tony completely tuned them out.
“Noted. Volunteers?” Natasha requested.
“Okay,” he finally answered, voice rough but firm. “I want to come live with you.”
that short, Stephen was just freakishly tall!) and press a quick kiss to Stephen’s upturned lips.
“FRIDAY, who was it - Harley or Peter? Or Morgan?” he added. She was a little young, but she was proving herself to be a lot like her old man - too smart for her own good.
someone you want to imitate.”
! We didn’t mean to interrupt – “
“Great, just great. What the fuck was the point of making an Artificial Intelligence if she doesn’t even listen to me,” Tony growled, folding his arms and glaring at one the cameras. It was then that he realized the other person this affected was being conspicuously quiet. He turned to glare at Steve, who was staring at the door like he was debating how hard he had to kick it before it would come down. “You gonna say anything, Cap?” he demanded, and Steve turned to meet his eyes.
in a way he’d never truly dreamed possible for himself. The only real unresolved factor was Steve.
Steve shrugged. “I don’t know, it’s just...sometimes I feel like we lost the right to be heroes when we didn’t stop Thanos, and we haven’t been able to get it back.”
And then Tony heard their footsteps retreat.
“See, a child!”
families because we weren’t good enough to
“Yeah, I’d like to second Mr. Rhodey, Mr. Stark.”
“I do not understand,” Thor was whispering to Bruce. “You warm these puffy clouds over the fire then place them on top of chocolate and crackers? This seems a strange dish, even for Midgard.”
. We need as many fighters as we can get, so we
even when we ignored you about the aliens and dismissed you after Ultron. You’re – you’ve always been so
Steve’s eyes snapped up to meet his, confused, brow furrowed. “What? What makes you think I’m not into guys?”
?” Steve spat, face getting progressively redder, and Tony’s eyes darkened, his face slipping into an emotionless mask.
. Because I’m not one, is that right, Cap? I’m just here to step over everyone else who’s laying on the line.” And by the end of his spiel, they were standing almost nose-to-nose, Tony’s flinty brown eyes glaring up into Steve’s stormy blue ones.
“Sorry, Boss, Mr. Rogers, Harley and Peter have instigated the ‘Mom and Dad are Fighting’ protocol,” FRIDAY said, though she didn’t sound particularly apologetic.
It wasn’t quite as…
“I thought I lost you,” she’d said, voice breaking when she finally pulled back, eyes darting over his face like she was trying to memorize every piece of it.
“Uh, I don’t fucking think so,” Harley said, crossing his arms.
“Will do, Nat,” Carol said, voice subdued. “Please be careful.” Then she was gone, too. Natasha turned to face the rest of the Avengers.
“This is okay?” Steve murmured when he drew back, just a hairs-breadth away, eyes searching Tony’s.
“Seems like the simple solution would be to just take it off. Or destroy it. Seriously, Angry Grape, you can’t have come all this way just for the simplest pieces of advice in the universe,” Tony scoffed, raising an unimpressed eyebrow. Thanos halted his pacing to glare at Tony before resuming, his pace becoming more frenzied.
Morgan has decided it would be fun to learn magic. Tony is understandably wary.
“Did you two finally get your heads out of your asses? We’ve been waiting on this moment for
Tony blinked, surprised at the non-sequitur. “What’s brought this on?” he asked.
Morgan took a deep breath, looking like she was preparing herself, and Tony realized his daughter was
“They’re Christmas decorations! Like, lights and trees and ornaments and wreaths and shit. They’re to make the place more festive! C’mon, guys, there’s a ton of awesome stuff up here – we should deck this place out! Get in the Christmas spirit!”
“I blame Stephen. He’s a bad influence,” Tony grumbled, putting his elbows on the table and setting his chin heavily into his palms. Morgan gave him a half-smile and an eyebrow raise, amused.
He was overrun by Steve in an embarrassingly short time, but the guy was a
“Why don’t we get you to bed, Tones,” Rhodey broke the silence quietly, pressing a bit more firmly on his shoulder. Tony blew out air through his nose, exhaustion sweeping through him.
Stephen looked down at him, amusement emanating from him in insufferably adorably arrogant waves. “That so?” he murmured, smirking, and Tony nodded vigorously. “Guess I’ll just have to make it up to you somehow, in that case. Any ideas on how I could do that?” he asked, and Tony felt an involuntary shiver arc through him at his husband’s tone.
“Dad, did you see the news? - ”
“That should cover enough fighters for two ships, then,” Natasha said. “I can be the hacker on one ship. Do we have one more?”
“What are these decorations you speak of, friend Clinton?” Thor asked, eyes suddenly gleaming eagerly, and Tony had a bad feeling.
And they both rolled over, Steve clicking off the lamp on the nightstand and casting the room in darkness. Well, darkness sans Tony’s personal nightlight. Suddenly worried the arc reactor would annoy Steve, he buried himself further under the blankets, trying to cover the glow. Steve didn’t say anything, though, so Tony started to relax. Which then gave him time to start panicking about other things. Like how he could feel Steve’s warmth under the covers. And how Steve’s calf brushed his when he shifted. And how his heart was thundering a hundred miles an hour and Steve could probably hear it.
“Good thing I like mine toasty,” he said with a smile, and Steve smiled back.
“You know, this reminds me a lot of those Christmas ads I used to see pasted on store windows,” Steve commented thoughtfully as they decorated, and Tony cocked his head, an invitation to continue. “We couldn’t really afford to decorate like this, Ma and I,” he explained. “But sometimes I’d come across posters advertising Christmas decorations and such, and they’d show a place that looked an awful lot like this. Warm, homey, decorated to the nines.” Steve smiled, and Tony was entranced. “It’s nice, is all.”
Peter stared at him, unimpressed.
“Adopting another one, Tones?” Rhodey asked knowingly, the barest hint of a smile quirking at his lips, and Tony shrugged. The trio followed Steve, a once-again-very-blond Natasha, and Captain Marvel – Carol, she’d said – back.
“Your race is so…
“Fuck,” Captain America whispered very, very quietly, and Tony whirled on him.
“It is as your Doctor Strange told you – there was only one of those 14,000,605 timelines in which we came out victorious, and you have lived it. The other 14,000,604 were unable to fix what Thanos did. You have fixed one of those already, but the others would remain as they are,” Morgan responded.
“Thanos is here – “
“Awesome. So just as a heads-up, we may be having another person joining us at Poor Depressed Bastards HQ,” Tony said over his shoulder without breaking stride.
keeping Peter off the giant circular spaceship this time.
Tony’s eyes snapped open. No.
“We would not allow that to happen,” Pepper reassured him. “We gave you some of your counterpart’s memories so that you could be guided into doing as he would do until you were able to reunite with us. Fear not, Tony Stark, we will not leave any version of you to an unfortunate fate.” At that, Tony was mollified but still…overwhelmed? Overwhelmed seemed like as good a word as any.
Right so this happened bc I can't stop thinking about Endgame and how much I want it to be better.
Steve frowned at the obvious change in subject but didn’t argue. “I was thinking maybe we – any of us who wanted to – could help with some of the rebuilding. With mine, Captain Danvers’s, Peter’s, and Thor’s strength, you and Rhodey in the suits, and yours and Rocket’s engineering skills, we could probably do quite a bit to help people.”
, he thought desperately, wildly.
, after I
“Okay, who’s been letting Nebula look up insults on the Internet again?” Tony asked exasperatedly, shooting Steve a long-suffering look. Steve’s lips quirked up in a smile in return.
Tony didn’t trust the look in his eye one bit. “Wait, what are you – “
“I’m looking for Morgan – have you seen her?” he asked, trying to keep the desperation out of his voice and only partially succeeding, if Rhodey’s amused by sympathetic expression was anything to go by.
in his voice. Tony side-eyed him, his lips quirking into a near-smile.
“But it might be playing right into his hands, for you to go and fight,” Steve argued fiercely. “It’s like – it’s like bringing the lamb to slaughter! You should stay out of it, so he doesn’t even have a
“Ha ha,” Tony said sarcastically, sticking his tongue out at his best friend.
God, he wished Pepper were still here. Maybe she could’ve talked some sense into her daughter. Actually, scratch that – she would
“Only because you’re old and your memory’s going bad.”
“By defacing my property?”
“What the fuck?” he grumbled out, his voice still laden with sleep. When his eyes finally focused, it was to the sight of two wide-eyed teenagers who’d come to a halt in the doorway, identical expression of horror and mortification on their faces. Harley slapped a hand over Peter’s eyes, then squeezed his own shut tight.
So now he was facing down a pajama-clad Steve on one side of the bed, trying to work up the nerve to slide into the other side.
points if you can guess which P!ATD song I'm using for this one.
“FRIDAY, why is the door still closed? Did they not work it out?”
“Science won’t stop existing just because I learn magic,” she reasoned, folding her arms, and Tony knew he’d lost this argument. She was too much like her mother, and the folded arms and stern stare told him she’d made up her mind and his exceedingly rational and well-thought-out protests would be falling on deaf ears.
“Sorry, sorry,” Harley said, waving a hand and not looking particularly sorry at all. “But you gotta tell Neb you consider her one of your kids!”
“When will they learn?” Tony grumbled, tapping his fingers on the table. “Are they okay?”
“Alright, you four get to Captain Rogers as soon as possible. Steve, wait for Colonel Rhodes and the others to join you before engaging, clear?”
“Dad, Uncle Steve is here!”
here anymore. He wondered if that meant he was dead.
Thanos only eyed him like a predator staking out the most satisfying way of catching his prey. “The stones have spoken of nothing else but you since I finally restored balance to the universe,” he said, and his voice was low and slightly unhinged.
. Had it all been a dream? Had he just dreamed up five years – five
“I guess they got your dramatic gene,” Steve said, grinning up at him, and Tony flopped back down onto the bed with a groan, letting Steve slip an arm around his shoulders and tug him closer.
“So it looks like we’re in the master bedroom,” Tony said, throwing open the last door at the end of the hall. Steve followed him in, eyes raking over the oak dressers, the carved desk, the simple furniture, and the king-sized bed.
And all Tony could do was stare, the words ringing in the air around them as Steve’s blazing eyes bored into his as though he could drill those words into Tony’s head. The air felt strangely charged around them, their locked gazes oddly paralyzing and hypnotizing in equal measures, and Tony’s mouth felt dry though he
. Clearly expecting some sort of snappy response, Steve’s expression started to change as Tony held quiet, to turn confused, and Tony quickly pulled himself together.
and two
people think I’m a hero, I guess…it’s more just – I don’t know if
“Daddy, you’re back,” she’d said softly, picking her head up to give him a sleepy smile. “I missed you.”
“Oh god, you sure it’s a good idea to bring him here, then? I dunno if it’s smart to have two of you in the same place,” Steve said sardonically, and Tony manfully held back a snicker at the remembrance of there
idea what you’re talking ab – “
A knock sounded on the door. “Tony,” Natasha’s voice called, and both Steve and Tony snapped to alert, knowing that tone: something was really, horribly wrong. “Tony, are you in there?”
As dusk fell, Bruce suggested they transition to hot chocolate and a Christmas movie, a proposal that was met with extreme enthusiasm and approval by Clint and Thor. Thor all but sprinted to the kitchen in his excitement over ‘the delightful Midgardian beverage that warms one from the inside’ with Bruce trailing exasperatedly behind to keep him from blowing anything up.
“Boys, if you could focus on the task at hand,” Natasha called dryly over the coms.
But she never was, and each time that realization struck him, he felt the impending inability to deny the truth any longer approaching – and that was a moment he wanted to delay as long as possible.
to fix this. It was what Pepper did – she put him back together, she patched him up and made him as whole as he could ever be. But not this time. Not this time, FRIDAY.
Tony hummed. “Wonder how our guests are doing.”
And sure, he’d continued to act as Iron Man – but Pepper had been at his side this time around, and they’d never faced anything the two of them couldn’t beat. Nobody even got
“I’m pretty sure the booze helps with the bonding,” Tony pointed out, and Steve crossed his arms, giving him the Disappointed Captain America Look™. But Tony’d been faced the Disappointed Howard Stark Look™ and come out on top, so it wasn’t all that effective. Except that it kind of was. Because it was
And then Steve was leaning in and his lips were on Tony’s, and Tony absolutely could not be held responsible for the squeak he let out in response, shock coursing through him. He paused only for a moment before his hands tentatively reached up, winding around Steve’s neck, and Steve’s arms wrapped around his waist in response, tugging him closer and pressing his body flush against Steve’s own as he deepened the kiss. Steve kissed like it was the last thing he would ever do and he was determined to make it his best, lips soft but demanding against Tony’s as one hand came up to cup Tony’s face, pressing them ever harder together, lips moving together insistently in a frenzied rhythm.
have is a daughter and two boys I consider sons and a few other people I care about who are still here – and they’re what’s going to take priority now. And I suggest you do the same – but if you decide to ignore me
“I think that sounds like a great idea,” Steve said with a small smile.
Tony had a sick feeling in his stomach, watching the footage. This was
, and you were going to just do it anyway?” Tony was frozen, unable to do anything but listen as Harley raged, and then the kid started pounding Tony’s chest with his words, metal ringing through the crumbled ruins. “You were going to
And the boys left quickly, as though afraid Tony would rescind his permission if they tarried too long. Tony stared after them, unable to look away until Rhodey gripped his shoulder. He turned to look at his best friend.
wish – your wish was for us to help you protect everyone in the universe from Thanos. And so we have given you that ability, to right the wrongs Thanos is committing in our names.”
And, of course, because Tony was the resident billionaire genius playboy philanthropist,
And then Steve turned to look at him, expression so fond that Tony’s heart stuttered. “You’re willing to slow down and wait for me to catch up.”
He nodded, then appeared hesitant. “Pepper – she was on a plane when it happened, flying back from a meeting in Hong Kong. Tones…” And Rhodey stopped, expression conflicted, like he wasn’t sure he should say more.
“That was
“Me too, pumpkin,” he murmured.
The rest of the battle passed much the same way for Tony – getting recognized by Chitauri and one of Thanos’s children coming a few moments later. He caught glimpses of the others periodically, though they were generally spread fairly thin and mostly ran into each other when someone called for backup. So far, no one had made it to Thanos, and Tony wasn’t sure whether that was a good sign or a bad one. The battle, while not necessarily in their favor due to the sheer
“And just what’s that supposed to mean?” he demanded, and Pepper couldn’t hide her smile.
Also: yes, I realize Valkyrie’s name is Brunnhilde. Yes, I’m still calling her Valkyrie. It sounds cooler aaaaand also I’d typed Valkyrie a few times before I remembered and was too lazy to go back and change them.
“Running,” she said in his ear. A moment passed, one heart-stopping moment in which Tony would swear every second he’d ever spent with his best friend in any world flicked through his mind in a terror-filled haze. “Colonel Rhodes shows prominent brain activity. He appears to be unconscious but otherwise unharmed.”
Tony didn’t think anything else of it as they all settled in to watch “Home Alone,” sprawled out on the couches and sipping hot chocolate. In the dark, he didn’t even notice Clint was missing, until –
“Like hell! You never do!”
quietly.
It had taken him over 50 million years of loss, of heartbreak and pain, of happiness, of growth, of
He poured himself into it, every last drop, and he snapped his fingers – and the world went white.
A sudden loud groan drew everyone’s eyes to Rhodey, who had his face in his hands. He peeked through his gauntleted fingers at them. “Do you all really not realize this is the beginning of the end? He’s going to be
to do whatever it is he’s planning!”
“Yeah, some of the adults in the town are taking care of any of the kids who don’t have parents. Benefits of living in a small town, I guess. They’re looking out for us,” Harley reassured him, though his voice still sounded heartbreakingly bleak.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Which one?” Tony asked, grinning cheekily.
Side note in case anyone is questioning the fic/chapter titles - so when I first named TMM, it was a reference to Panic! at the Disco's Oh Glory, because I was humming that lyric 'if I wake in the morning, I only need two more miracles to be a saint' and the first scene in TMM where Tony wakes up after thinking he's going to die popped into my head, and so yeah that's how that story got named. Then all the chapters in TMM ended up being little snippets of the lyrics from that song that I thought went with the chapter. Soooo I ended up carrying on that trend this work. Yes, I'm a dork, I'm very aware.
that he just wanted to violently make out with the man for a few hours – and – and – wait, where had he been going with that again?
“You’re not just ‘some old man,’ Tony,” Steve said quietly. “You’re one of the smartest men alive, and you’re also the only one who saw the armies the Chitauri had in that wormhole. Those two facts alone should’ve made us listen to you, not even mentioning the fact that you were our teammate.”
“We thought assuming forms familiar to you would make you more comfortable for our conversation,” Peter said, and Tony tilted his head.
“Yup, been helping clear up one of the fallen buildings on third street. You?” Tony answered, picking up the conversation after a slightly-too-long pause and keeping his tone carefully casual - and
“Is it going to change anything that we do? Thanos brought an
out of sleep. He sat up rapidly, glaring at the intruders blearily.
(See the end of the chapter for
Beloved daughter.
“Wait for backup,” Natasha ordered tersely, knowing as well as Tony did that such an order would only hold Steve back for so long. “Who’s closest?”
And with that, he slid on the gauntlet.
And he hadn’t – hadn’t needed to, in fact, since Thanos was gone. The stones had mysteriously disappeared after Tony had snapped his fingers, and Tony told people he’d scattered them throughout the universe when he’d snapped, though in truth he wasn’t sure
for his own good. Rhodey had been his singular friend in college, and then Tony had entered the business world, where friendship was a liability. Pepper and Happy were his friends, now, but they’d never really formed a
have something to discuss with you,” she said pointedly.
Tony tried not to stare in shock. Had Cap ever apologized to him in his previous life? For that matter, had he ever apologized to Cap? Apologies were something they were both notoriously bad at, and their version of apologizing was usually talking around the issue until they both agreed they were cool. So
happy, I just think you could be happier. I think
Morgan, she’d already be awake and moving.
the universes,” he clarified. “I’m supposed to stop Thanos in
And wasn’t that the pathetic truth of the matter; Tony would always wait for Steve. He hoped his face wasn’t showing the constipated sort of pain he was feeling at how close to home those words hit. But Steve was looking at him with those penetrating, kind eyes and a soft, open expression, and Tony just couldn’t
“Get up, Stark, you sleep too much. You said you would teach me paper football.”
Finally, he got the response he expected when Steve blushed, ears turning bright red. Maybe Tony wasn’t losing his touch after all.  “I’ll keep to my side of the bed,” he promised stiffly. “Had to share beds with boys in basic all the time, and they certainly weren’t as big as this one.”
After a pause, Rocket huffed, rolling his eyes. “All right, all right, I can be your other hacker,” he grumbled. “I ain’t meetin’ you on Earth, though, you’re gonna have’ta come to me.”
“And if you think I’m not going to follow you as soon as you leave here, you really are going senile,” Harley said, his voice the same level of firm and assured.
left to give about whatever idea you have that you think will fix this. What I
It was becoming increasingly clear to Tony that he was destined to never have a normal dream again.
“You will fall before the wrath of my icy spheres!” Thor roared, and thunder boomed.
Yeah, that wasn’t weird or embarrassing at all. But in his defense, he’d just had a
“We gave your counterpart in the universe you just left the memories of everything from the last two years and imparted a brief explanation in his mind as to what happened – your sacrifice on your original timeline and your role in the other universes as a result. As you in all the timelines are familiar with the multiverse theory, it was not difficult to explain in a way you could make sense of,” Morgan reassured him.
Everything comes to a head.
“Oh, I’ll have a lot of questions for you to answer later – but for now, I think there’s a special someone you want to talk to.”
“Good. Do that now.” Wong nodded, and he and the Dora Milaje vanished from sight. Natasha turned to Carol and Rocket. “How quickly can you be back here?”
, stayed safe. It wouldn’t help, he told himself. He’d be playing right into Thanos’s hands, and, worse, he’d probably be a distraction and could end up getting the others hurt. He tried to focus on his own fights instead but couldn’t resist having FRIDAY patch him through to Rhodey’s suit camera so he could see how they were doing.
to his
“Yeah, well. Pain’s an old friend by now.” He kept his tone light, refusing to let the discussion get any more serious than it already was; he didn’t think he’d be able to keep himself together if it did. “But anyway, you wanted to talk to me about moving forward.”
Bed. As in singular.
So as an explanation for the disclaimer at the beginning of the chap - I tend to think of Tony and Steve as hotheads and fairly likely to say hurtful things to each other that they don't really mean when they're arguing. Steve has demonstrated that he tends to make snap judgments on Tony's motivations/character in the Avengers movies, and Tony has lost his temper and snapped at him ('everything special about you came out of a bottle', anyone?), so that was why the argument happened the way it did. It def wasn't an attempt at making either character look bad or mean or anything, just showing two people who rub each other the wrong way sometimes trying to work out their feelings and just fucking make out already.
And suddenly they were nose-to-nose again, both of them breathing heavily, anger written into the lines of their faces.
Twenty minutes later, Tony and the rest of the team were watching with no small amount of awe as Steve got a roaring fire blazing in the backyard.
Twenty minutes later, they were gathered around the crackling fire, stars twinkling in the midnight sky overhead as they held their marshmallows over the flames. The mood had mellowed, the earlier frenzy of laughter and playfulness fading into something more serene. Natasha and Clint were whispering to one another, probably plotting world domination or maybe fighting over which of Clint’s organs Natasha was allowed to take as penance for hitting her in the face with a snowball.
The sound of another pair of repulsors approaching had him turning to see a familiar blue-and-silver armor. The helmet retracted to show a grinning Harley. “FRIDAY told me you found one of the Help I’ve Fallen And I Can’t Get Up Protocols,” he said, eyes flashing delightedly, and Tony scowled at him.
,” Tony hissed, and Steve drew back, eyes widening in sudden understanding. “So tell me, Steve - if I go on this little expedition and die, are you going to come back and tell my kids that they don’t have any parents anymore because I wanted to play hero on a mission that I wasn’t even sure would keep them safe? Because make no mistake - I will die for my children, and for the rest of you, if it comes down to it, but I will
It was enough to give him a headache, and he was equal parts relieved and apprehensive when the Milano touched down outside the Compound. He wanted to know once and for all if the memories he thought were real had been a dream – or if they were part of a past that he’d erased when he used the gauntlet.
Natasha turned slightly when Steve and Rhodey rushed into the room, glancing around before coming to stand by Tony. She nodded at them, turning back to face the screens. “Alright, everyone’s here, Captain. Tell them what you told me.”
he’d told her how proud he was like twelve times already while she blushed and shoved him away with a pleased grin. He wasn’t Howard). She’d visited multiple times over her two-year magic immersion, and every time had been increasingly chaotic as she learned more and more. But this? This took the fucking cake.
“Uh, we don’t have to – I mean, I’m sure I can get them to back off,” Steve said awkwardly, fidgeting and suddenly unable to meet Tony’s eye. And Tony’s heart dropped. Of course, Steve wouldn’t want to. And he wouldn’t want to either, not like this. Not when it didn’t mean what he wanted it to mean.
- and what did you do? Well, Rogers? Romanov? Thor?
“Wrong sport, Clint,” Bruce called mildly.
“I’ll say. She looks like she could kill a man without even looking at him,” Rhodey declared, awe and…
been there and he just hadn’t noticed until now. “I’m sorry,” he said, eyes locking onto Thanos as the alien pushed himself back to his feet. “I’m sorry, I have to do this. But you won’t be alone, I promise you. I love you both so much.”
“So I take it the conversation went well?” Tony whirled around to see Steve silhouetted in the doorway, smiling at him.
as they constantly direct your thoughts back to one person? It’s
damn well helped burn it down.”
It had been six days, they told him.
He took her face in his hands, brushing the tears away with his thumbs. “Mommy left,” he confirmed, and Morgan’s face crumpled. He fought to keep his own face from following suit, fusing his voice with the certainty and assuredness and
“Bad? I think you mean awesome. I
The second door they passed, Tony heard Bruce’s nervous voice muffled through the door saying, “Thor I don’t think it’s a good idea to – “ followed by a resounding crash. Steve looked alarmed, but Tony shook his head.
“If you say so.”
“Sure you haven’t,” Morgan said with a dramatic roll of her eyes that was so like Tony’s own. His daughter leaned forward, pressing a kiss to Tony’s forehead, then stood up, sashaying out of the room before turning back to look at him from the doorway. “Go get him, tiger,” she ordered, smirking at him, and Tony contemplated dying of embarrassment.
“What the hell was that?”
This was what he got, he supposed, for marrying a wizard.
“There have to be
were you, Steve? So no. I don’t have any coordinates for you, I don’t have a
He waited patiently for her to speak. “I knew you were different when you came back from fighting Thanos when I was a little girl,” she said finally, and he nodded, unsurprised. She looked at him searchingly for a moment, and he wondered what she saw. “Are you going to tell me about it?”
to keep me alive.” Harley’s eyes lit up, and Tony knew he’d just Fucked Up Real Bad somehow.
And Steve smiled so happily at that, like Tony had given him the world, that Tony could only stare stupidly. “Me too,” Steve said quietly, eyes dancing with a pleasure that Tony felt like was reserved for only him in this moment. He blinked, trying to shake off these silly thoughts.
“Yeah, that sounds just like me, doesn’t it, Cap?” he said, voice dangerous as he pushed himself off the bed, standing. “Lazy, arrogant, not much of a worker, right? Nothing more than a spoiled billionaire who lets everyone else do all the work for him – that’s who
“I’m fine, worrywart,” he said flippantly, batting Steve’s hands away and giving the super soldier a reassuring smile. He didn’t look particularly reassured. Tony didn’t blame him.
Morgan smiled serenely at him as he flicked off the lights in her room. “I love you 3000.”
“Not like this – not when he’s
and also - so due to requests in the comments, I think I'm gonna do two spin-off fics: one for Tony visiting/fixing some of the other timelines, and one for what happened in some of those timelines after Tony left. So, if there's anything any of you guys would like to see in either of those fics - any pairings, any specific scenarios, any headcanons you have that you'd like to see explored, etc - please feel free to let me know in the comments or drop me a message on tumblr at @senpaibackthefuckoff, if that's easier for you!
Also! Creds for the idea for the old man protocols to someone on either Tumblr or Pinterest from like a year or so ago??? I couldn't re-find the post, but I remember reading a post about Peter hacking Tony's suit and putting in all the old man protocols as revenge aaaages ago and apparently it stuck with me. It was def the inspiration for that part of the chap - if any of y'all know who wrote that post and want to leave a comment, I'd love to actually give credit!!
“Yeah, no thanks, Squidward,” Tony called back glibly, cutting the repulsors to his boots so that he was standing a few feet away from the alien, mentally signaling FRIDAY to fire up the cannons he’d used the first time around. They hummed, warm and at the ready.
“Look, I have a lot of shit to get done over the next few days, and I don’t wanna have to be constantly looking over my shoulder to make sure you haven’t destroyed the entire east wing or some shit,” Fury said, glaring at each of them.
“Were we that obvious?” Steve murmured to him.
“Wait, you may want to – “ FRIDAY was frantically saying, and then the sound of the door banging open pulled Tony
?” Tony asked incredulously. “We’re the
“Wake up, sleepyhead.”
as he’d feared it would be, to be around Steve and know what they’d been to each other in
. Like, the finest in this house!”
Iiii didn’t really like what they did with Professor Hulk and Thor in Endgame, so I decided to ignore it. Tbh I think the character aspects those two
thank you very much, if he hadn’t known that was just how Cap was – stubborn and helpful to a fault.
“Yup, looks like it,” he said as flippantly as he could muster, pasting on a cocky smile and leading the way down the hall. “I’ll try to keep the innuendos to a minimum to preserve your delicate forties sensibilities, but no promises,” he called over his shoulder with a wink, but Steve just rolled his eyes. Well, damn, Tony was going to have to up his game if Cap was that used to him already.
Steve smiled wryly. “Well, at least your mistake ended up with only a few people killed. Mine ended up with half the universe.”
have represented – learning to accept and appreciate every part of yourself after having previously attempted suicide on Bruce’s part and living with depression on Thor’s – could have been some great representation for the mental health community, but I felt like the movie made a joke out of those characters. I haven’t given Thor and Bruce enough time in this fic to fix that, and I don’t want to run the risk of contributing to what I think is problematic, so this fic’s Thor and Bruce are as they were at the end of Ragnarok/beginning of Endgame. I might explore those characters in a separate fic in the future, but for now, this seemed like the best solution. Sorry if that’s disappointing to anyone!
?” Harley asked incredulously, helmet retracting momentarily to show a cheeky smile as he hovered a few feet away from Tony, who sighed.
Tony frowned at him. “Excuse you, I’ve done no such thing! Name one child that I’ve adopted!” he demanded, recalling Rhodey expressing a similar sentiment the day before.
. His skin was paler, greyer than it had been in his memories, the wrinkles more prominently engraved in his face. He looked…
“There are no time outs in war!” Clint called, throwing a snowball, but Tony saw it and ducked – and it nailed Natasha right in the face.
“I was afraid of that,” she muttered, shoulders slumping just the slightest before she straightened, eyes determined. “Okay, we’ll just have to win without you.” She hesitated, then glanced back and forth between the two. “Maybe head this way though…in case we don’t.”
, away. He stood, offering a hand to Tony and helping him up before plastering Tony with another hug, face buried in Tony’s chest.
the one who installed them,” he growled, and Harley smirked.
and I
A sense of peace swept through him, the sensation of knowing exactly what he needed to do draining the urgency of the battlefield. He knew, now, what his purpose here was.
He and Harley had gotten back into contact after Thanos was defeated, and Harley had proven himself to be as much of a brilliant engineer as he’d been in every other timeline. The kid was currently in his junior year at MIT, and, though Tony hadn’t yet told him this, he’d been working on a surprise present for Harley’s graduation – a special black-and-gold suit that he’d called Bumblebee, in part because he knew it would irritate his kid. Nebula had sure gotten a kick out of it when he’d told her – he’d gotten an actual
“The doorway to a girl’s room! Where you would chastely kiss her on the cheek goodnight and go your own separate ways!”
Update: bless DissapearingandLazyWriter for finding the original post!!! Here's the link, all creds to taylortut, spider-man-stan, and bluesocksandfluff on tumblr for their amazing ideas!!!!: https://bluesocksandfluff.tumblr.com/post/174457570815/taylortut-spider-man-stan-taylortut
Tony smiled. “Are you kidding? I’ve probably got Mommy running ragged trying to keep me safe! You know how much she complained about having to protect me from myself – you think she’d be able to stop now? Pshhh.”
“Hopefully that won’t happen while we’re on vacation, Thor, but yeah, we could all do with some rest,” Steve said with a slight smile. And like it was a well-rehearsed cue, they all stood, chattering as they put out the fire, packed up the s’mores materials, and made their way indoors.
“Where’s everyone else?” he asked, plopping into the seat across from Rhodey while he waited on the coffee to brew.
Tony wasn’t sure who was more surprised that he’d pelted Captain America with a snowball: Steve or himself. Steve stared at him in shock for a moment, and Tony froze, fight or flight instincts leaning heavily towards
“Doesn’t make your loss any less painful.”
,” Tony grumbled, crossing his arms petulantly as Steve grinned in triumph.
They turned as one, and Tony blasted one in the face, then another, knocking them back. He aimed two more repulsor blasts at the remaining two, but they dodged.
(See the end of the chapter for
the super soldier looked. But he plowed forward anyway. “None of us knows why Thanos would be here for me, and there’s not really anything we can do about it at the moment. He’s killing people – we have to stop him.”
, all he wanted was to give his little girl the news she so desperately wanted.
“Don’t you dare!”
have sided with Morgan just to spite him. He still wished she were here, though.
“Dad liked to hunt – or, well, to bring his business associates out so that they could all posture and argue over whose rifle was the biggest,” Tony said breezily, crossing the threshold, and Clint snickered. The others followed close behind, shutting the heavy oak doors behind them.
“Got you,” Steve said, a smug smirk on his face, and Tony was wide-eyed and breathless and
Tony turned on his heel to start running again only for Steve to snag the back of his sweatshirt and drop a
“We are sorry, we assumed you understood that we would resolve any issues your traipse through the multiverse might cause. We have chosen you for your wish, and, as such, it is our prerogative to protect you and honor your sacrifice,” Peter said apologetically.
“Okay?” he repeated, shocked, and a small smile quirked at her lips.
Tony felt like his heart was being stomped on, strangled, and run through a meat grinder all at the same time. It was worse, even, than when he’d found Peter stowed away on the alien spaceship, knowing they’d be flying into danger, because at least then there’d been a chance they could come up with a plan that would keep Peter mostly out of harm’s way. With this, though, there was no way to keep his boys out of the line of fire, and there was very little chance he’d be able to shadow their movements the whole time and make sure they were safe.
Hmm, maybe Pepper had a point.
“What the hell was what?” Tony asked flippantly, feigning ignorance, and Steve’s face was stormy as he marched further into the room.
quoting classical literature? You’re breaking your old man’s heart, bambino! Next thing you know, you’re going to be heading off to Brown and telling me you want to be an
“FRIDAY, zoom in on that beam there,” Tony ordered, hovering in midair and squinting at a partially-collapsed section of the building a hundred or so feet away. It had been over two years since the snap, and he and the other Avengers were still helping with clean-up efforts, picking up the remains of buildings and moving them to a designated segment of the city to be disposed of.
But he forced himself to answer truthfully, forced himself not to sugarcoat it or hide anything from his kid. “If it meant protecting you? You and your brother and sisters? Yeah. Yeah, just like that, Pete,” he said, his voice quiet but firm, holding Peter’s eyes.
after you
“I’ve heard Carol likes space. Maybe you could go with her next time, see how dark she likes her matter. See if she’ll let you unbuckle her asteroid belt and get near her wormhole. See if – “
“Some people would say fast, flashy, and loud is a perfect description of
being two of him in the same place.
“Hey, I’m pretty sure the world won’t end just because my mini-me and I are together for an extended period of time! Like, 88% sure,” Tony declared, and Steve looked unimpressed.
“I’m gonna fight with you guys,” he said resolutely. “Whether you help me or not.”
Perhaps some of his internal torment was visible on his face, because Steve paused, expression clouding with sympathy. “I’m so sorry about Pepper, Tony,” he said softly, and Tony twitched, forcing his face into an emotionless mask.
“You’re not gross, Dad!”
- and that footage had quickly become popularized. Peter had been thrilled, memeing the shit out of it, as Tony had expected – of course, that was
find Natasha, and Steve gets up earlier than the sun, so who knows where he is at this point.”
Harley’s, and then a beautifully, wonderfully familiar voice said, “Hello?”
“It means you’re stuck in there until you work out your issues,” Harley called cheerfully, his voice muffled by the door.
“Yeah. Rest sounds good,” he said hoarsely, his words echoing ones thought not too long ago.
of technology – nay, emperor even! And second, I don’t know if you watch the news, but I hitched a ride on an alien spacecraft a few weeks back – maybe you remember? Took me a little while to get back home.”
Tony gripped Rhodey’s shoulder, heart thumping erratically in his chest, needing to ask but terrified of the answer. “Morgan?” he finally bit out – and there was a moment where he wasn’t sure if Rhodey would even know who he was talking about. After all, his true memories told him Morgan shouldn’t exist yet. But things were similar and yet
He rolled his eyes. “Oh my god, will he just get over it already! I stand by my decision to make sure he didn’t
(and as weird as it felt), he fervently thanked the Tony who’d stepped in and saved his universe so that he could have this moment of perfect happiness.
Pepper eyed him contemplatively. “As you did not know this, perhaps there is one more thing we should tell you,” she said thoughtfully. “When we state that you do not die while wielding us, that includes your original timeline.”
, and Tony wasn’t sure how many of the new memories that had been appearing in his head over the past couple of days were real.
Tony shrugged. “Science experiment gone wrong, of course.”
think, because you don’t have any kids,” Tony snapped, and Steve recoiled as though he’d been slapped. And Tony knew he’d said something particularly nasty, but he was too deep in his anger to care. “You just made assumptions about me and my character like you always have.
“Right, well, I’m going to get back to the relief efforts. You just keep doing...whatever it is you’re doing,” he said wearily to Harley, who was continuing to wriggle around. The kid saluted, then turned and repulsored away. Tony watched him go, then shook his head, returning to his work.
, and right after I – after we – “ Steve broke off, eyes agonized, and Tony’s heart clenched. Before he could second guess himself, he reached up and tugged Steve’s face down to his, kissing him forcefully.
“FRIDAY, make sure you record that, okay?” he asked, a smirk clear in his voice.
And then there were two.
“Aw come on, Brucie, let Green Bean have some fun,” Tony whined, then realized his mistake as Steve whirled around and set his sights on Tony, eyes narrowing. “Oh shit,” he squeaked, turning and running, grabbing handfuls of snow as he went and packing them quickly.
And then he proceeded to do some wiggling moves that Tony assumed was supposed to be a victory dance in midair. Tony stared at him, resigned.
need you?”
“No! Morgan, no! No cameras! Are you listening to me young lady?” Tony called after her, heart dropping as he realized she definitely was
It had been over 50 million years, he stopped himself from correcting them.
Tony felt like his brain shorted out, the implications astounding him. He was going to get to go
because
His wish had been simple – more time, he’d requested, entirely aware of the irony considering just how
“Couldn’t leave you, kiddo,” Tony murmured.
“Eh, just a sore loser, probably,” Harley shrugged, grinning impishly.
“And I
“You a little tired there, kid?” Tony asked, stepping away from the coffeemaker and sitting back down at the kitchen table.
“So we have no idea where he’s going, no idea what he’s after, and no good way to stop him,” Rocket summed up, folding his arms and looking more pissed off than usual. “Great, I’m lovin’ our chances here.”
The phone was sitting on the counter, just as Steve and Rhodey had said, and Tony picked it up, dialing the number he knew by heart and mentally blessing his foresight in memorizing it after the snap in a previous lifetime. As the phone started ringing, he had a moment of panic wondering if this Harley Keener’s number would be the same as
“Clear,” Steve responded reluctantly.
YES I REALIZE THIS IS ALL SUPER CONVENIENT BUT IT'S A FIX-IT FIC AND I WILL DO WHAT THE FUCK I WANT, YOU WERE WARNED IN THE TAGS :')
“Did you adopt
Tony and his family had moved back to New York to his old Tower less than a year after Thanos’s defeat, ostensibly to be closer to the Avengers Compound and SI headquarters, but also because there was a certain spider Tony wanted to keep an eye on. Peter quickly became a fixture around the Tower, swinging in at strange hours, corrupting his otherwise innocent (ha!) Morgan with Vine references and every Iron Man meme he could find. When the kid moved off and went to Stanford for his science degree, Tony had promised there would be a job waiting for him at SI when he graduated if he wanted it. And, a year later, he’d been thrilled to be able to offer the same thing to Harley.
“That’s what you think, Tin Man,” Rhodey said weakly, and Tony’s head whipped back around in time to see Rhodey’s helmet retract, the man smiling woozily at him. Tony couldn’t help the broad grin he gave in return.
“It’s okay, I forgave you a long time ago,” Tony finally responded, and Steve gave him a strange look.
And if he took a really warm shower and changed into dry clothes while he was fetching them, well, that was the advantage of being the host.
And Steve still looked angry, but the first vestiges of regret were starting to slip into his expression. But Tony wasn’t finished, and he stepped steadily closer to the blond.
“Stop, Jesus, for the love of Christ!” Rhodey screeched, clapping his hands over his ears and squeezing his eyes shut. Tony snickered, pouring coffee into his mug and stirring in a fuck ton of sugar. He opened his mouth to comment, when –
It had not.
.” The word burst out of Tony more violently than any of them were used to, but Tony refused to take back his vehemence. Harley and Peter stared at him, and Tony wondered what they saw. He wondered if they could see how much it was killing him to let them go, to let them join this fight that had nearly killed many of his friends, that
“We should debrief,” Steve said, eyeing Tony calculatingly with hope. “You fought him, you could – “
And now the stones were staring at him, identical expressions of confusion written across their faces. “You do not die after wielding us, Tony Stark,” Harley said, brow furrowed as he looked at Tony, and Tony jerked.
Tony wasn’t sure what to do with that particular revelation. On the one hand, once again he hadn’t found out until Steve had his bestest buddy back. But on the other, at least Steve had told him at all? It was much better than him finding out in a bunker in Siberia. But regardless, one thing hadn’t changed: after years of dismissing his concerns and his warnings, Steve
The first door they passed had what sounded like the Black Widow speaking in soft but dangerous Russian that, from what Tony could discern, was a veritable threat against Hawkeye’s liver and kidneys if he tried to take the window bed away from her.
And if Rhodey and Nebula hadn’t been holding him up, he’d have crumpled to the ground at that news. “Oh god,” he whispered, agonized at the thought that his sweet, beautiful Pepper’s last moments hadn’t even been the peaceful dissolution of the snap, but had been a plane spiraling towards the ground, that she’d known she was going to die and hadn’t been able to prevent it – and
,” Clint groaned. “The sexual tension was getting
“Mr. Stark? Mr. Stark, wake up, it’s just a dream!”
“Well, how about that,” he murmured to himself, uncertain of what to do with this new information. His mind was buzzing, the sensation of
Steve smiled, hand coming up to cradle Tony’s cheek, and Tony leaned into it. Steve used that hand to tilt Tony’s chin up, and this time the kiss was soft and slow, sweet in a way Tony had come to associate intimately with Steve Rogers.
,” Tony protested petulantly, pleading with his daughter with his eyes. She appeared unmoved.
“Ooookay, before Nat eviscerates Clint and sells his organs on the black market, how about we call a truce and share a victory feast,” Tony suggested quickly. “I’m sure I’ve got some s’mores stuff in the house.”
It took them only moments to assemble, Rhodey and Tony activating their nanoparticles, triggering the suits but leaving their helmets off, Thor suiting up with his traditional lightning-induced flare, and Steve and Natasha dashing off to change. Bruce and Nebula, having not needed any adjustments, beat the others to the briefing room, calling up those abroad so that Rocket, Carol, and Wong were pulled up when the rest arrived, as well a Dora Milaje that Tony didn’t recognize.
. Best to do it with a sense of humor? He wasn’t getting through this otherwise. Plus, he didn’t think Nebula would appreciate a gushy, touchy-feely monologue about how he considered her his own anyway.
Shocked, Tony’s arms closed around his kid with a small clank, looking at Steve helplessly, baffled at the sheer level of emotion Harley was displaying. Steve only smiled softly at him, and Tony swallowed noiselessly, humbled and amazed that someone cared about him like this.
“Morgan Virginia Stark, I swear to
time he’d been given – but he hadn’t been sure what form the stones would give that wish. Now, he was marveling at his restored self, a body that he would swear was no older than his early 30s, accompanied by the innate knowledge that this body would age at the same rate as a super soldier’s, that he would not wither and die on Steve as he had before.
Natasha’s words echoed in his mind when he opened his eyes. Asking the wrong questions? Looking at it the wrong way? What could she have meant?
“Pepper?” he whispered beseechingly, and he knew he had his answer before anyone said a word when Rhodey’s face crumpled, when Natasha looked pained, when Thor looked sympathetic, when Steve shook his head.
“It’s definitely not what it sounds like! Those were space metaphors for very, very pure, innocent things – like, uh, taking someone on a date! Or getting them flowers!” he said quickly, giving Peter a very convincing smile.
,” Tony called back, voice dripping with innuendo, and the team groaned as Steve tugged him closer, laughing and pressing a kiss to his cheek to the retches of their teammates.
,” she teased.
“Insulting me
And then he regretted asking, because Steve’s face shuttered.
“What am I getting blamed for?” Stephen whirled into their kitchen in all his fluttery-caped-glory, and Tony’s heart fluttered at the sight as he leapt up, crossing the kitchen in a few strides to stand on his tiptoes (he was
to get involved in the fight, that he could sit this internal spat out, especially since the only Avenger who knew about him was Rhodey, so the others wouldn’t even be trying to recruit him. Peter, smart kid that he was, had decided that this was not his fight, that it was better to sign the Accords and let the others figure out their weird internal power struggle for themselves.
“Okay. Well, you can stay here as long as you like – you’re an Avenger, this is the Avengers’ Compound. No one will say anything.” Peter nodded, still looking forlorn, and Tony hesitated, uncertain if this was the right moment to bring this up. But hell, he’d have given anything to have someone say these words to him when his parents had died. So he steeled himself. “And, if you want, you can stay with me, wherever Morgan and I end up,” he offered tentatively and, when Peter’s eyes darted up, locking onto his with something like shock, he hurriedly continued. “You don’t have to, of course. Just, if you want to stay somewhere that isn’t the Compound – Morgan loves you like you’re her big brother, you’re practically family already – oomph.”
The apprehensive readiness to know the answer faded quickly into confusion as he looked over the small group of people who’d gathered as he and Nebula stepped out of the ship and noticed one very significant face missing.
So they went on a Christmas retreat.
Steve took a deep breath, regret etching in as the anger drained away. “I’m sorry, okay?” he said, his voice quieter. “I just - you confuse the hell out of me, you always have. You’re just - you’re so unpredictable, it’s
make the argument worse just for the sake of riling Steve or Morgan up.” Tony let out an affronted gasp, clutching his chest.
“You have made the selfless wish and taken upon yourself more than any one being should have to,” Morgan said, her voice sweet and serene. “We think it only fair that you ask something of us intended for your benefit and yours alone.”
everything
“Mr. Stark, we won,” Peter said desperately, his voice coming from further and further away. “We won, Mr. Stark. Please – please don’t go. I’m sorry.” And Tony wanted to respond so badly, but his head was swimming, his vision darkening, and he couldn’t – he couldn’t –
“Sorry, old man, I just call it like I see it. Also, took ya long enough to call me – what, did it take you weeks to figure out newfangled technology?”
“Of course, sweetheart. Say no more.”
Rest. Rest sounded good.
“You looked lost in thought. What were you thinking about?” Steve asked, and the firelight flickered against his face, shadows dancing around the warmth.
“Busy day?” Steve asked, walking in, covered in a light sheen of sweat that unfairly just made him look like he was glistening rather than like a drowned cat, which was what Tony looked like while sweaty.
“He’s okay?” Steve’s voice sounded behind Tony, and he half-turned, nodding.
Steve stared at him incredulously. “You really didn’t know?”
loss was permanent. He wouldn’t snap his fingers and have the chance to her in another universe this time.
Tony looked at him, long and hard. “You know that doesn’t rest all on you, Cap,” he pointed out, and Steve stilled. “Sure, you didn’t believe me – but neither did a whole lot of other people. And even if they had, there’s no telling whether or not we’d have been able to put something together quickly enough to fend of Thanos.” Steve was looking mutinous, so Tony interjected quickly, hoping to end any protests before they began. “You don’t get to take the blame for half the universe dying just because you didn’t listen to some old man prattle on about aliens.”
Tony gave him a half-smile. “Just…just thinking about the people I’ll be leaving behind in each timeline. It’s going to be strange, making any sort of connection when I know my life has a pretty quick expiration date in their universe.”
The morning was surprisingly wonderful, with Tony and Steve working around each other as they showered and got dressed, having decided that a shared shower right now would probably result in a
Steve stared at where their hands were intertwined as though mesmerized. “How?” he asked finally, dragging his eyes back up to meet Tony’s searchingly.
wouldn’t agree with? I mean, I got into a relationship with someone! I adopted three kids! What if that Tony Stark wouldn’t want that?”
“I have
Steve appeared contemplative. “It’s not so much that I care if
, aren’t you?” Steve asked softly, gesturing slightly at himself. “Wondering how everything will work out when you are back in your own timeline?” Tony only nodded, and Steve looked at him gently. “Well then, I feel I should tell you that we will offer you one more wish when you finish fulfilling this one, on the condition that it be a bit more…
And from there it just got
trust you!” Steve yelled back, stalking closer to Tony.
“All 14,000,605,” Morgan confirmed.
, and I’m – “
“I dunno, the drool on my shirt looks a little like proof to me.”
“Right.” Tony paused. “Which are what exactly?”
“What’s the plan?”
. But you have to
, not even that I can’t say anything, without pissing you off! I don’t know what you want from me!”
that it would be enough. And when the alien army started crumbling to dust, dissolving to pieces in front of his eyes, he didn’t feel gleeful but instead felt merely wearily relieved.
,” Maw snarled, appearing steadily more incensed, and Tony grinned viciously behind the faceplate.
be going anywhere near Thanos!”
not ogling Steve in his practically plastered-on white tank. Unfair, he would like to reiterate.
And that drew a watery chuckle out of Morgan, the tears slowing and starting to dry up. “I miss her,” she finally said quietly, and Tony pulled her close.
He would adjust, and he would move forward as he always did; he was a futurist, after all. He just needed to find anything and everything that made the future of this world worth living in.
“Tasha’s right, Steve,” Tony said lowly, touching Steve’s arm to offer the semblance of comfort. Steve turned to him, and Tony was struck by how
“I did!”
“Breathe, kid,” Tony said with a breathless chuckle, craning up from where he was flat on his back in the grass to stare disbelievingly at Peter hovering over him. “I’m happy to see you, too.” Peter beamed, so breathtakingly earnest and thrilled that it took some of the sting of Pepper,
Chest heaving, arms crossed, Tony glared at Steve, daring him to argue - because
“What’s next, are you going to start complimenting her combat technique? Her ability to blow up entire ships with her sparkle fingers? I need to know so I can tell how serious this has gotten. Once you start commenting on her sparkle fingers, I’m breaking out the wedding invitations,” Tony told him, and he didn’t bother to try to dodge when Rhodey punched him on the arm, snickering and his friend’s expression.
“Sure you did.”
of “wasted” time, and Steve needed to check in with Natasha on preparations for the mission. But even without the amazing shower sex that Tony insisted they had to have in the very near future, it was such a peaceful, perfect,
Steve hesitated, internally warring with whether or not to pursue the argument further, then sighed and nodded. “You’re right. Again. And that was another thing I was wanting to talk to you about – moving forward. A lot of places were hit pretty hard in the snap – big car pileups when drivers dusted, boats crashing into the shore, and…and other stuff.”
He didn’t think either of them really believed he’d be back.
“Oh yeah. Feels like it happened years ago.” Like 5 years, to be precise. “Don’t worry, Cap, we’re good. I’m sorry my plan to protect us ended up with a murder bot trying to kill everyone.”
“…he had the excited-face on,” she responded, half-indignantly, half-sheepishly. Tony rolled his eyes
After Original!Tony snapped his fingers and was whisked away for a major revelation with the stones, the Tony from
“I am.”
“I’ll be right back,” he promised, standing up and making his way out of the room. He wound through the Compound, waving at Natasha curled up in the reading room and nodding at Rocket, who was channel-surfing and looking progressively less impressed.
“You know me?” Tony asked as he had before, almost on autopilot. He was feeling the strangest tugging sensation in his gut, as though Thanos was somehow trying to reel him in like a fish on a hook. He planted his feet stubbornly, unwilling to move any closer.
, you’ll miss out on your super important mission in three days,” Tony said sarcastically. “And we can’t have that, not when you’ve made it abundantly clear it’s so important to you.”
His insistence was as desperate as it was emphatic, throwing all his mental fortitude at the stones and praying, wishing,
“Do we have any idea what he’s after?” Steve asked, and Carol’s expression was all the answer they needed to that question.
“I do.”
, not the Brady Bunch.”
Quite by accident, he made eye contact with the Soul stone, the one bearing Steve’s face, which was currently smiling strangely at him. “You are thinking of
“FRIDAY,” Tony snarled. “What the
say is that I’ll do my best to come back to you. I’ve told my children this, and I’ll tell you – I don’t let go of what’s mine, and that means I’ll do everything I can to keep you safe and keep us together at the end of the day.” As long as it doesn’t destroy everyone and everything else, Tony added silently in his head, knowing that sentiment wasn’t what Steve needed to hear right now.
“Nothing, darling, nothing at all,” she assured him, eyes twinkling. “You’re an
“Roger,” Rocket said, terminating the call.
, I don’t know why I ever thought you could
Apart from that, his new memories didn’t tell him exactly what had happened – presumably since he wasn’t involved and he was mostly retired, so he got (and wanted) only the bare minimum of information – but he’d apparently heard enough to know that the Rogues ended up in Wakanda, just like before, and that Steve had eventually called him from Wakanda to tell him the truth about his parents.
Tony’s heart clenched, speeding up anxiously as he forcibly talked himself down from joining them so he could make sure his Steve, Rhodey, and Nebula, his
Tony blinked at him. “How so?”
August 30, 2017 – April 26, 2019
But for now, they were friends, and that was more than enough for him; his life was perfect and full and
of Thanos’s forces, was at least not taking a turn for the worse; the Avengers, sorcerers, and Dora Milaje were holding their own, and, once the Asgardians joined, they only got better.
Silently,
Tugging his shirt over his head, Tony crossed the room in two long strides, Steve hot on his heels as he pulled open the door. Natasha, for her part, didn’t even blink at the sight of the two of them together. Her eyes lasered in on Tony. “There’s something you need to see,” she said tersely, turning and walking away. Tony and Steve exchanged a glance and followed quickly.
was a sore subject for him – but he just shrugged. “Sure, I guess.”
“Sure, honey,” she said placatingly, patting him on the cheek, and he narrowed his eyes at her suspiciously.
“Where’s Morgan?” Tony asked as soon as they stepped inside, looking around as though expecting his daughter to pop out of the walls. Carol was glancing around the Compound intently, as though memorizing its layout. Nebula and Rocket weren’t too far behind, muttering quietly back and forth to each other, and Thor trailed behind them as though uncertain where he belonged.
He was expecting questions; his Morgan was brilliant, as curious as he was, and, if he’d been in her place, he’d have bombarded himself with any and every inquiry he could think of. But Morgan just nodded. “Okay,” she said.
“You look like my family,” he observed, curious but not particularly concerned. He felt almost…
“You scared the
you mean?”
can think of myself as one.”
He peeked over the top of the rock to see Thor storming Clint and Nat’s snow fortress, while Steve aimed at Bruce.
“Steve, Jesus, shut up,” Tony cut in, feeling like Christmas, close as it was, had come early. And also like he was a complete idiot for not having seen this earlier. His heart was lighter, buoyant, and he felt almost giddy with this newfound knowledge. Steve fell silent, looking at him like he expected an axe to fall at any moment, and Tony took a moment, searching for the right words, then decided
“That’s not what I meant, and you know it,” Steve growled out, and Tony let out a derisive laugh.
When Peter’s face fell, Tony knew he had his answer. “No,” he said softly, though, eyes on the floor. “No, there’s no one I need to let know.”
“Tones, there are
And he planted one on Captain America.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he said haughtily. “I’m
But Tony was already shooting towards where FRIDAY told him Rhodey’s suit had gone down, heedless of her warnings, mind focused on making sure Rhodey,
,” he said, his voice colored with self-satisfaction at the end. Tony snorted at the mental image of Peter and Harley threatening Steve.
Harley snorted. “Well, now we’re doing the same for you.”
“I’m happy, princess. I’ve got you and your brothers and sister, Uncle Rhodey, Aunt Carol, and the rest of the Avengers – I’m
“I’m sure I can think of something,” he reassured him, voice low. “I’m a genius, after all.” Stephen hummed, smirk deepening as he leaned in to kiss Tony more thoroughly.
“I really need to block all the old videos of me so you’ll stop stealing all my insults,” he said wearily, though his lips quirked up in a small grin. “Seriously, kid, 2010 me is
“Tony, what’re you doing?” Rhodey asked, eyes wide and panicked. Tony shook his head, hoping to dispel his friend’s concern as best he could.
“You are beginning to understand,” Harley said approvingly. “We, all of us, have no desire to be wielded for the destruction Thanos has wrought – and yet, he is doing so in all of the universes, bringing death to uncountable numbers. We cannot stop him on our own; we must have a wielder. When your Dr. Banner put on the gauntlet, we were hopeful we would be able to right this wrong, but he only wished for us to bring back those they’d lost. But
“We’re gonna go to bed, but FRIDAY will unlock the door when you’ve worked out your differences!” Peter called.
yeah sorry all the notes were forever long, I got all explainey.
“Jesus Christ,” Tony muttered to himself. Then another problem occurred to him. “Uh, what if I’m making a whole bunch of decisions that my, uh,
“Without us having to put up with weeks of you assholes being dickish and mopey,” Harley finishes cheerfully. Tony was seriously reconsidering his decision not to go on this mission; it might save him from two murder charges.
“Tony? Tony?
“We need to – “
Like, a really
Tony let Rhodey and Peter bicker, letting his mind drift back to the dream he’d had. It had felt so
Tony smiled to himself, feeling strangely warm and content as he looked around at their ragtag little group. He hadn’t had friend groups like this growing up, always too small and too smart and too
“What?”
Oh, right, reclaiming his life. Might be a good idea to start by stopping his creepy staring-silently-into-space circus act.
And it helped, to have the company. It helped to remind him that Pepper may be gone, but he still had so many people that he loved dearly and cared for intimately. And as the years passed, he healed; it took longer than he’d thought it might – but then again, he’d known and loved Pepper for more years than any human had a right to be alive, and
“F’ve m’re m’nutes,” Tony mumbled, curling up and cuddling his pillow tighter. Except his pillow was surprisingly less fluffy than he’d expected. In fact, it was kind of not squishy at all. Laughter rumbled, and Tony’s pillow vibrated with it – and Tony’s eyes snapped open to come face-to-face with the very, very solid expanse of Captain America’s chest.
it at the stones:
“You do not die,” Harley repeated. “Because you are the Tony who made the wish, you must be the Tony who fixes the timelines – but once you leave, the Tony who was originally present resumes his place.”
Tony swallowed, the lives he’d seen in his dreams flashing before his eyes. “And what would happen, if I did?” he asked hoarsely.
“Aren’t they all?” Steve just rolled his eyes, and Harley and Peter fake retched before dashing off.
And both of them looked at him expectantly, trustingly.
BANG!
me,” he said in horror, looking at the black-and-blue bruises that littered his torso. He glanced at Steve, eyes narrowing further. “And you don’t even have a
Compliments from his childhood hero; Tony’s brain was blue-screening, and he was pretty sure Howard was rolling over in his grave. But Steve was waiting expectantly for a response. “It’s no problem, Cap,” he said, aiming for flippant and falling horribly short. He tried again. “I mostly just throw money at people and have them do all the work, anyway.”
February 18, 1973 – April 26, 2019
before. Like a memory of retiring completely from the Avengers after Ultron amidst the other Avengers’ suspicion and distrust. Like a memory of him and Pepper getting married surrounded by all their friends and her family – family that had been dusted in his true memories. Like a memory of raising Morgan in Stark Tower with Peter popping in periodically after Tony had figured out Spider-Man was just an extremely smart kid and had dropped in to give him gear and a stern lecture on keeping himself safe. Like a memory of kissing Pepper and hugging his daughter before putting on the suit for the first time in three years when aliens appeared in New York again, of racing after a wizard without any backup, of
Steve fidgeted uncomfortably. “I wanted to say I’m sorry. I should’ve listened to you when you tried to warn everyone about an impending invasion. I dismissed you, and I’m so sorry about that.”
to be its inglorious savior – or at least, a version of him. From a different one of the timelines.
“As if I could forget it, after your overly dramatic declaration that got played over every news channel ever for
“It is,” Tony said with a soft smile before turning and letting Rhodey and Peter guide him back to the Compound. He could feel her curious eyes watching his back as they went.
“No, little Boss, Boss and Captain Rogers worked out their differences.”
“Nebula is a full-grown adult!”
Peter only looked at him dubiously. “Asteroid belt?”
“You could tell him
“Yeah, they’re fine, we got ‘em out before the whole place came crashing down.”
Stomach dropping, Tony filled in where Cap had dropped off – planes crashing into things. So far, he’d mostly been able to ignore the ache of Pepper’s absence with a steady stream of complete denial that she was gone. Sure, he’d given Morgan the speech about Mom being gone but that didn’t mean he personally had accepted it. He still half-expected to run into her any time he turned a corner, scolding him for letting Morgan have that second cookie or for making too much noise in the workshop at 3 a.m. the previous night.
Natasha nodded. “Sounds reasonable. What do you need?”
Steve looked up from the book he was reading as Tony came out of the bathroom, smiling at him. “Hey,” he called softly, putting his book aside as Tony padded over to the bed. Tony took one dubious look at the covers, gathered his nerve, and slid between them. And then Steve was
“You’re not
“Yeah, I’m with Harley,” Peter said, crossing his, too, both of them trying to stare Tony down. Well. Three could play this game.
“Hey, angel. I missed you,” he murmured, tears streaming down his face as he pressed kisses against her hair.
“I wanna call a time out!” Tony finally cried through his giggles, soaked to the bones and shivering.
Thanos appeared on the screen, the camera having panned to where he was reclining on a chair that looked to be built of the buildings and property he’d destroyed. He was barking out orders to his troops, commanding them to search the streets, to turn over every building – and then Tony understood why Natasha had specifically sought him out, and the others in the room turned to stare at him as Thanos’s last demand echoed through the room.
An arrow whizzed through the air, burying itself in the rafters, and the team was on its feet in seconds. The lights flicked on, and the group stared up to see Hawkeye perched on the second story balcony, bow in one hand and a cord in the other. No, not a cord, those were
“Daaaaad, Uncle Steve says my shield design isn’t cool enough for him! Tell him he’s being mean!” Morgan called, voice petulant as Steve’s laughter echoed enough for Tony to hear. He rolled his eyes, grinning at Pepper.
“Tell me another, please, Dad,” Morgan pleaded, brown eyes wide and open, and Tony bit back a sigh.
Steve stared at him, frozen for a moment, before he seemed to come back to himself and walked towards Tony, reaching out a hand as if to touch him, to confirm that Tony was real and not just a figment of his imagination. But that hand hesitated in midair, as though afraid of having his hopes dashed, and Tony’s smile softened as he reached out winding his fingers through Steve’s outstretched ones and pulling him closer so their arms could lower.
He’d known it was coming; she’d been growing steadily sicker and weaker for months, though her eyes remained as bright and fiery as they’d been the moment he met her. He’d had ample time to prepare himself, and yet watching the flame in her eyes fade until it was extinguished could only be described as a shock to the system, a thousand volts coursing through him and dragging him to his knees as he clutched her hand, limp in his own, not even trying to hold back the tears.
world, and his family was together. The stones had been pleased but also seemed sad to say goodbye, though they’d promised they would appear to him when he was ready for his wish. He was glad they hadn’t asked him to make it right then, because 50 million years and 14,000,604 lifetimes hadn’t quite been enough to reveal to him what it should be. They had only smiled when he said that, the Soul stone reassuring him that it would come to him when it was time.
idyllic holiday retreat that would do the job perfectly. On the down side, the cabin only had three bedrooms.
“Fair enough,” Natasha responded, hiding a smile. She turned her attention back to Carol. “What’s our timeline?”
“Any idea what this is about?” he asked.
“Tony? Tony, are you okay?” Steve’s anxious face swam into view, his gloved hands cupping Tony’s face, and Tony realized he’d been standing in the middle of a battlefield that was now empty of enemies with his eyes squeezed closed and a scrunched-up expression for a while now, waiting on something horrible to happen.
Tony glared at him. “I do not
Natasha only eyed him, slightly exasperatedly. “Steve, think about it. We just talked about not knowing what Thanos is up to
“I can’t say you’re not gonna lose me,” Tony said firmly when he pulled back, shaking his head at Steve’s immediate protest. “I can’t, because none of us can make that promise, as much as we all want to. But what I
“I sent some of my scouts out to locations we know were frequented by Thanos and his followers, and they reported that it looked like his armies were regrouping,” she said solemnly.
- this blatant, outright apology was throwing him for a major loop.
“Okay,” she’d responded simply, and he’d blinked at her, uncertain as to what to make of that strange acquiescence.
the universe (universes? Timelines? Confusing fuck-all parallel realms of existence?) had decided to pick
bad headache. A him-sized headache, in fact, and he was very much considering apologizing to all his friends if this was the kind of headache they always got after the antics he pulled.
Okay, maybe it was happening.
“What girl doesn’t want to get some new clothes?”
, you better
“Sure, Tony,” he said, rolling his eyes, though his smile was amused. “Well, it’s getting pretty late. I think I’m going to turn in for the night.” He stood, and Tony stared up at him, sure that his yearning was displayed on his face for all to see.
“I fucking
“Has that been confirmed to be more than a rumor?” Ayo asked finally. Carol nodded.
“Low blow, kid.” To his credit, Harley looked at least marginally chagrined, but his jaw was still set in stubborn lines.
Tony gasped. “First of all, you little punk, I’ll have you know that I am the unopposed
“I want you to give me some fucking credit and trust that I have reasons for the things I do that you don’t necessarily agree with, Steve!” Tony yelled, taking a few steps closer to Steve before he even realized it.
And then she was there, his beautiful firebird, his own personal phoenix, his Pepper who had been with him through every moment of Iron Man’s progression, who had told him once that he was going to kill himself trying to be a hero, who had told him to go be a hero (this one last time, they’d both known, though they would never have admitted they knew he wouldn’t be coming back) because she knew he wouldn’t be able to rest if he didn’t. “FRIDAY?” she prompted without looking away from her dying husband's eyes.
“Selfish?” Tony asked, puzzled. The stones smiled at him, wearing identical expressions of fondness and amusement.
“Nah, he’s like this every morning – completely useless till he gets at least two cups of coffee in him,” Rhodey said, smirking. “You sure he’s not yours biologically, man?”
It was chaos – complete and utter chaos. The streets of Manhattan – why was it always Manhattan? – were littered with upturned cars and broken buildings. Of course, that was a sight they were familiar with after the snap – but these were
“Sweetheart, it’s getting late, you need to get some sleep so you don’t end up like your old man, all wrinkly and gross,” he responded, running a hand through her hair tenderly. She giggled.
They flew into utter chaos. Manhattan was on fire, both literally and figuratively. Chitauri were everywhere, the giant ships raining ammo from the skies as the ones on speeders caused havoc closer to the ground. The city looked closer to a scene out of a post-apocalyptic horror movie than like the Manhattan he’d known growing up. The sorcerers had already arrived and brought with them the Dora Milaje
“An excellent idea, Captain,” Thor boomed out, and Tony turned to see that the rest of the group were looking at him and Cap, Natasha with an inscrutable expression and Clint with a gleeful one. Bruce just looked resigned. “We warriors need to be well rested in case we are called upon for battle.”
“The Sanctum can contribute to your fighters,” Wong said, and Natasha nodded.
“Tony, maybe you should rest a little before you see her,” Steve suggested as Rhodey and Peter settled him in a chair in the kitchen. Natasha stood beside him, the two of them looking slightly uncomfortable but concerned, and Tony’s patchy new memories informed him that he’d fallen out with them after Ultron. They hadn’t believed him when he’d said Ultron had come online because of the corruption of the mind stone, that
“I can really come stay with you? For how long?” His voice wavered, clearly on the verge between hope and tears, and Tony felt the sudden desperate need to hug him tightly and refuse to ever let go.
“Yeah, you’re running point on this, right?”
“You’re insufferable. Go back to space,” Rhodey grumbled as the coffeemaker beeped and Tony stood, laughing, to get his much-needed caffeine.
“You are
, especially once the Avengers Initiative got up and running again, far more functional than the first time around. They were united, now, bonded in a way that only seeing some of their worst fears come to life and be powerless to stop it could make them.
present!” Rhodey gestured at Peter and Morgan, who was still sleeping peacefully.
“Don’t you
Thanos recovered quickly, though, snarling and pushing himself back towards Tony as Tony rushed towards him. The two met in the middle, Thanos throwing a punch with his gauntlet-covered hand towards Tony and Tony reaching an armor-covered hand out to catch the fist.
Tony faltered, chest hurting from a painful happiness and wondering what on
He paused, Rhodey and Peter coming to a halt with him, turning to face Nebula. “Hey Bionic Woman, come find me later,” he invited softly. “I have some more games I can teach you.”
“Yes, you dumbass, I like you too. God, I feel like a third grader saying that,” Tony muttered the second part mostly to himself, but then he was distracted by Steve’s sudden bright beaming smile.
“Bring me Tony Stark.”
“She’s still sleeping. Little tyke must’ve finally hit her limit and conked out hard – she never sleeps this late,” Rhodey responded. Tony tried not to look disappointed.
Tony paused, sucked in a breath. “Oh.”
“What the fuck is happening,” Tony said flatly, and Harley beamed at him.
Tony gets his happy ending.
Clint whooped, and there was clapping, and when Tony turned, Steve’s arm snaking around his waist, it was Natasha and Bruce, the former looking unimpressed and the latter appearing pleased. Thor was lifting one arm triumphantly, and thunder crashed in the distance.
“Hey kid,” he started, glancing over and face pinching as he tried to decide how best to word this. “Is there – do you need to let anyone know you’re sticking around here? If that’s what you’re doing?”
,” he bit out as Morgan laughed at him. “FRIDAY, what the hell?”
“Old Man Bifoc - I’ve never named any protocol that!” he declared, insulted. “Which munchkin did it, FRI?”
The funeral was worse, no words that he could say holding a candle to nearly 30 years of marriage – in this lifetime, at least – and much longer of dancing around each other before finally getting their heads out of the sand. Morgan was by his side the whole time, hand gripping his wrinkled, wizened one with her mother’s strength, keeping him afloat. And after, she and the boys had visited him more often at the Tower that he and Pepper had never quite gotten around to moving out of. Nebula even stopped by for a visit, regaling him with tales of her space adventures, which seemed to be far more numerous and perilous than they should be – but then again, she
side note that YES THAT CHEEK KISS AT THE END OF THIS WAS A DIRECT REFERENCE TO THE CUT SCENE FROM WHEN THEY REUNITED IN ENDGAME THAT RDJ UPLOADED. WE WERE ROBBED.
“I’m at least a week out,” Carol said, looking as though she wanted nothing more than to be able to jump through the hologram to join them. Natasha blew out a long breath.
“What would that be, though? I ain’t heard any news of anyone stirrin’ up trouble out here,” Rocket said skeptically.
, and nothing he says will make me regret that.”
“Nobody says ‘go steady’ anymore, Jesus, I’m dating a grandpa.”
. What that meant for his memories, he wasn’t sure. But, he decided, best to worry about that later. He sagged in Rhodey’s grip, Nebula still steadying him on his other side. “She’s fine,” Rhodey said softly. “She was with me when it happened, and I brought her here to the Compound.”
Morgan came to a halt in front of him, staring at him wide-eyed – and, had she been staring at any
The purple grape was the last to go, and with him went the last of Tony’s stamina. He crumpled as the stones’ energy consumed him, feeling his insides begin to blacken and curl up as the stones tried to integrate with his poor battered, broken mortal body.
“Not a problem.”
does that mean?”
His AI was conspicuously silent. Tony’s eyes narrowed.
The life he’d gotten back had him feeling
Harley shrugged. “I dunno, 2010 you kicked a lot of ass, and considering I just had to save yours…” He gave Tony a smug look, while Tony let out an indignant noise.
“If there’s something I can help with, I’m happy to,” Stephen responded, sounding cautiously confused. He and Morgan had a solid relationship, but Tony and Stephen hadn’t gotten together until Morgan was in her mid-teens, so Stephen was more like an uncle to her than a father figure; she’d never really asked anything serious of him, so it was unusual for her to take this sort of tone in their conversation.
“I’m not sure I believe that you’re really trying to hold back any of your innuendos,” Steve said wryly.
“Yeah, it should be on the counter to your left,” he responded, and Tony stepped forward, toward the kitchen.
“You just won me a bet! Nebula said you didn’t think of us as your children and I said you did, so she bet that I couldn’t get you to admit it. You just called us your children, so I win!”
“Snowball fight!” Clint screeched, grinning manically as he reached down and packed the snow together before launching at Thor, who looked affronted when the snowball crumbled to pieces against his broad chest. And then it was
And Tony’s heart broke. “Never, baby. I could never leave my baby girl by herself,” he whispered fervently. And Morgan drew back, her lip trembling and eyes teary.
“What? What’ll you do, Pops?” Harley taunted cheekily, and Tony pinched his nose, forcing himself to count backwards from ten.
“Who is this? You forgot me so soon? I’m offended, kid, really,” he said flippantly.
“I do!”
“It’s necessary, Rhodey. Please, Platypus. I love you. Promise me you’ll take care of my kids?”
Tony ducked his head, embarrassed at the hokey sentiment, but Steve just said warmly, “That sounds really nice, Tony.” And Tony looked up and smiled at him, dazzled when Steve smiled back.
Before Tony could reach for Bruce and declare that science bros should be roomies, Thor reached out and clapped a hand on Bruce’s shoulder. “Friend Banner, would you do me the honor of sharing quarters with me? I would know more of your green friend and how he came to be. His strength is quite impressive!”
“Hey, whatcha sendin’ out an emergency contac – “ Rocket started, sounding irritated at having been disturbed, but Natasha cut him off.
“I think there’s some in the attic, but I don’t come out here often,” he responded, and Clint pouted.
. His children, his sons and daughter who he didn’t want to leave behind. At least he could leave them a world that wouldn’t be threatened by Thanos or, if his teammates had any sense, the infinity stones.
“Well you have a fucking funny way of showing it!”
He pinged Natasha on a private line. “Natasha, I think they need more help,” he said brusquely. “Thanos is…he’s too much.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“That still doesn’t make you – any of you – responsible for what Thanos did, Steve,” Tony argued, and when Steve still looked like he was planning to disagree, Tony sighed, waving a hand dismissively. “Regardless, it doesn’t matter now. There’s no sense in trying to assign blame or feeling guilty for not doing more. All we can do now is move forward with what we’ve got.”
because Harley looked
Bruce to make their hot chocolate, glancing around, and Tony shrugged.
“I raised a bunch of fucking idiot demon children,” he muttered to himself.
“What, you’re just done trying to help people now? You’ve decided you don’t want to risk your neck anymore and want to just let the rest of us take the hits?” he demanded, standing at the foot of the bed, arms folded. Tony closed his book and set it down on the nightstand, removing his reading glasses.
“Ah, my shield brothers on Asgard and I also compare the sizes and merits of our weapons. It is a time-honored tradition of great importance,” Thor boomed, and Clint and Tony made eye contact and simultaneously looked away, holding in laughter. Giggles would undoubtedly tip Cap off that something was up, and Tony didn’t feel like explaining dick jokes to Captain America. As it was, Bruce was giving them a reproving look, and Natasha rolled her eyes.
“Would,” Tony cleared his throat, losing his nerve for a moment, “would you want to come live with me at the Avengers Compound? There’s another kid here your age – Peter, you’d like him – and we can keep you safe.” There was a resounding silence on the other end, and Tony panicked. “You don’t have to! It’s just an offer, no pressure. I just thought you might want a place to stay, and Morgan could use another big brother anyway, but if you want to stay with the people in your town who you’ve grown up with, of course – “
Tony blinked, mind boggled. “That’s…got to be confusing for that Tony,” he finally settled on saying.
Tony paused, rolling his eyes, though his smile felt permanently etched on his face. “It’s a yes.”
Morgan looked at him, eyes searching. “Is she looking out for you, too, Daddy?”
And then Tony was standing in the most ridiculous-looking Little Bo Peep-style dress. He looked down at himself, then up at Stephen, mouth open in outrage – when an ominously loud
“Why don’t we get you inside, Tones? You look like you need medical care,” Rhodey prompted, and there were noises of agreement from the others. Tony nodded, Nebula stepping back so Peter and Rhodey could help him. He watched as Rocket walked past him, heading for Nebula, who was looking so alone standing at the bottom of the step of the ships.
Caught off guard by the apology, Tony blinked. “What?”
Breakfast was mostly uneventful, with Natasha threatening to stab Clint if he hogged the syrup, Thor breaking a few plates, and Bruce and Tony being near-catatonic until they’d consumed about eight cups of coffee each, as per the norm, and the rest of the day passed much the same. Steve had apparently decided today was going to be a lazy day, so they tugged out some board games that Bruce had brought and settled in.
been from the children’s surprise entrance. Whatever, they didn’t need to know that.
“Tony?” Steve asked, shell-shocked. With practiced ease (and a small flare of delight lighting up his belly, though no one needed to know that), Tony grinned.
“You look lovely, Dad,” she said sweetly, and Stephen patted him comfortingly.
“See,” Steve cried, gesturing wildly, abandoning his door-surveillance and moving further into the room. “That’s exactly what I mean. I can’t say
Titan. Sometimes
“Is that a yes?”
“Captain, if you wanted me on my back, you could’ve just asked,” he quipped, waggling his eyebrows salaciously. Steve snorted, though his ears and cheeks were bright red, strangely enough. Huh. The cold must be getting even to Human Furnace Steve Rogers.
, and you’re both grumpy the whole time! We just want you to be able to work it out without - “
closer, and it was doing bad things to his blood pressure, and really Steve was a hazard to his health, 0/10 should not be allowed to be so perfect.
“Yeah, well I didn’t
“First of all, there’s no
Oh god, let it all have been a dream. He’d never be able to live with himself if he’d erased his sweet daughter, his relationship with Pepper, the happy endings the
“I have to second Harley, Mr. Stark,” Peter said quietly, and Tony’s head jerked up to see his other son standing a few feet away, mask held in one hand and looking at Tony with the saddest eyes he thought he’d ever seen. Tony felt this heart drop a little at hearing Peter call him by his last name; he’d been ‘Dad’ for a while, he
“Not exactly the response I was hoping for, but at least you’re not slapping me,” Steve said, eyes dancing with the echo of humor. Tony let out a muffled noise of dismay, trying to sort out his intensely-scrambled thoughts.
Steve made a choking sound, and Tony smirked. “I thought you said you were going to keep the innuendos to a minimum,” Steve protested, sounding mortified, and Tony shrugged, grinning cheekily.
“Tony Stark,” Ebony Maw drawled, hands clasped behind his back. “You have the privilege of your presence being requested by the great Thanos. There is no greater hono – “
, was still breathing, was still alive, hadn’t been incinerated by Thanos’s blast, the last thing Tony had seen racing towards the suit’s camera before the feed had gone black.
They weren’t doing well.
“Pretty sure Nebula’s a special case there, Mr. Ladies’ Man,” Steve warned, barely suppressed laughter in his voice, and Tony shrugged exaggeratedly.
“My father would not be gathering his army unless he felt there was a threat to the order he believes he’s created,” Nebula said, her voice dark.
Tony manfully repressed an innuendo. Seriously, people should be awarding him medals for not taking advantage of the very obvious one there. But then Steve’s expression dropped again. “Look, this doesn’t have to change anything. I didn’t mean for you to even find out, I’m sorry, I – “
, what are we going to do? – “
“Yeah, Carol’s a powerhouse, that’s for sure,” he said, thinking about how she’d
mediator, you
“What? Who?” Tony paused in the kitchen doorway, turning around.
you wouldn’t!
“Pfft, that’s not how I remember it.”
“What the hell are you doing?” Tony asked at the same time, bewildered.
But you have to send
“No chance, Thunderbritches,” Clint yelled back from where he was perched on a tree, aiming and nailing Thor on one large bicep. Tony and Steve looked at each other, shrugged, and joined the fray, the snowball fight devolving into more of a snowball chase, and Tony, being the only untrained, poor, pitiful human with no master assassin skills, bearing the brunt of the cold, snowy pain.
do his best to give the people he loved everything they wanted, and he would
pretty and there are
” Tony squawked, gesturing at the innocent-looking appliance violently. Morgan took one look at it, recognition lighting her eyes, then burst into peals of laughter. “Morgan! Morgan, it’s not funny!”
The smoky light this time was multicolored, yellows, reds, blues, purples, greens, and golds intertwined in a mesmerizing dance, thicker than the golden hue from before had ever been. And then it was clearing, slowly fading away, and Tony was standing not in the place he usually met Natasha nor the battlefield he’d just left – but rather in the ruins of the last battle he’d had in his previous life.
“Sorry, sorry, okay,” Steve said placatingly, the barest hint of impatience tinging his voice. Then it turned demanding, commanding – the good ole Captain America voice dusting itself off. “But surely you got something out of him? A location? Coordinates? We need to know how to –“ and Tony felt himself snap, the same way he did last time.
Peter smiled understandingly at him, backing away and settling into a chair next to him. “No problem. We all get them now,” he responded, his voice a little mournful, and Tony nodded unsurprised, then paused as a thought occurred to him.
?” he half-screeched, staring at Morgan in shock.
Tony’s dream pricked at his mind, and he shoved down the guilt of not ‘fessing up to his teammates – this world’s Avengers had never gone back in time; what were the chances they’d believe he’d lived this all before, except a little differently? And his dreams were too cryptic to give him anything concrete to tell them besides ‘something bad is happening and apparently I asked for it.’
But he couldn’t. He could
“Tony - “ Steve said, eyes wide and appearing stricken. “I’m sorry, I didn’t think - “
“Figures that you’d be a cuddler,” he said, shaking his head in amusement, and Tony flushed, mortified.
“You do?”
“You’re probably going to want to contact the NYPD, if we’re starting in New York – they’ll probably be coordinating with the fire department to hit up the spots that need the most help first.”
And was it silly for him to be so focused on a dream? Or would it be even worse to brush it off, considering how bizarre everything was turning out?
?” And Harley sounded delightedly affronted. “You’re the one who got me into trouble last time!”
“Yeah, sorry, I was just thinking about Harley,” he lied quickly, his mind immediately latching onto how he actually did need to call his other kid – assuming that kid had made it. The original Harley had, but apparently that didn’t mean much in this world. Rhodey nodded knowingly.
. He couldn’t regret the time he’d stolen with them, the moments he’d get to remember forever now that he hadn’t had before.
“Dad?” Peter’s voice was scared. “Dad, what are you saying?”
timeline was sent back to deal with the fallout of his doppleganger's dramatics.
That struck Tony as strange. “With you?” he asked, exhaustion preventing him from vocalizing any more of the question but knowing Rhodey would understand.
him. Having to save 14 million universes before getting to return to his own? Jesus, that Tony Stark was going to be one even
“Dad,” Morgan called out, and he half-turned. Her face was open, curious, trusting. “Do you still miss Mom?”
“Oh, God,” Tony whispered. Then, louder, “Kid, how long have you been standing there?”
And then he saw them. He didn’t think they’d appeared from nowhere; rather, it was like they’d always been there, but he’d only just now noticed them. Six figures silhouetted at the top of a hill, glowing the colors of the stones he knew with some strange intuitive certainty that they represented. And so he approached, and they watched him come, not moving closer but not moving further away, until he stood in front of him. He was both surprised and not surprised that he recognized them: Steve, glowing with the gold of the Soul stone; Peter, the bright yellow of the Mind stone; Morgan, the calm green of the Time stone; Pepper, radiating the red of the Reality stone; Nebula, stoic in the blue of the Space stone; and Harley, the blaring purple of the Power stone.
to engage, Tony,” she said, voice hard.
particularly unfair comment, she kissed his cheek and sashayed away smugly, knowing her husband was staring after her.
“You’d think she’d be more excited,” Peter muttered.
And then Steve was giving him this
“Where’s he headed?” he asked, and Carol glanced sharply at him.
do that to me again, you bastard,” he murmured.
“Careful, your marshmallow’s on fire,” Steve warned, a smile in his voice, and Tony drew his mind back to the present in time to notice that his marshmallow was, indeed, burning. Tony drew it off the fire quickly blowing the flames out, but his marshmallow was already scorched. He shrugged.
hadn’t been there to prevent it.
“Everything, babe,” Tony declared, wrapping his arms around Stephen’s waist and pulling him close.
Steve smiled, eyes lighting up, bright and delighted. “Good,” he said simply, and then he dived back down.
The noise sent the two of them flying apart and to their feet, Tony activating his watch-repulsor and Steve entering a fighting stance aimed in the general direction of the noise.
, simultaneously vulnerable and unreadable, and suddenly Tony
Oh god, this was
, and either this was a really weird version of hell or everything had been a dream. Or, a little voice whispered, he’d done something horribly, horribly wrong with the infinity stones.
Tony’s undisputed favorite part of evenings was getting to tuck his precious daughter in to bed; however, sometimes it was
happy. What makes you think otherwise?”
A couple of hours later, he was back in the Compound, plunked down in a chair in the kitchen downing water like his life depended on it.
“Good, I’m glad she’s getting rest,” he said, meaning it. He stumbled over to the coffeemaker, the morning haze starting to settle in now that he didn’t have his excitement to hold it at bay.
who already lost their
“Kid?” Tony blurted.
“Aw, it hasn’t been that long, has it, bambino? Surely not more than a couple of days,” Tony had teased, smiling fondly at her. And she had looked at him contemplatively, eyes serious and far too intelligent.
Steve cocked his head. “Why would you think that?”
Captain America bats his eyelashes at you.”
“Hey, how come there are no Christmas decorations in here?” Clint asked while they waited on
“That’s my girl,” Rhodey muttered proudly under his breath, though, if the wink Carol aimed his way was any indication, he didn’t say it all
“Since the thing about dark matter,” Peter said, standing in the doorway to the kitchen and rubbing sleep out of his eyes, looking waaay too innocent in his Iron Man pajama pants and SI t-shirt. Tony laughed, the sound high pitched and forced.
“Get near her wormhole?”
that you’ll leave the moment you’re injured enough to matter. And I know you know what I mean. No muscling through it, no pretending like you aren’t hurt as badly as you are.”
He was mulling it over for the umpteenth time over a late-night snack when Natasha burst into the kitchen. “Briefing room, now,” she said shortly, body taut and eyes wild. Without a word, Tony stood, following her out of the kitchen. Natasha almost never looked anything less than perfectly put together; for him to be able to see her distress, something terrible must have happened.
you, and you’re abandoning us! You never used to back down from a fight, Tony,” Steve said, and his voice was so full of the trademark Captain America disappointment that Tony felt his temper slip away from him.
“Kid – “ Tony said, voice pained, with no idea how he was going to finish that sentence.
you, not
“Wait, uh, could we talk?” Tony blinked at him, looking down at where Steve was still grabbing him and then back up at Steve, who took the hint and released his arm.
shocking of which was that the multiverse? Was apparently a real thing? That actually existed outside of bad scifi novels?
down his back. Tony shrieked, wiggling and turning around to give Steve an accusing glare and a piece of his mind, but their momentum made them off balance and then they were falling, falling, falling, until Tony was on his back in the snow, Steve hovering over him.
from his memories that Peter had been calling him that.
“Please, Dad?” Peter piped up, and Tony sighed again. These children would be the death of him. He glanced at Nebula – and very carefully hid his surprise. Nebula was standing with her arms folded, very pointedly not looking at him but instead glaring at the boys, her expression the rigidly emotionless mask that meant that his answer
“Uh,” Bruce said, looking uncomfortable – Tony was pretty sure the Hulk’s, er,
Steve’s eyes were searching, and Tony held his gaze until he found what he was looking for, giving a hesitant nod. “Okay,” he whispered, and Tony smiled, though it was nearly as sad as dream-Natasha’s. But Steve appeared bolstered. “Okay,” he said again, more firmly, turning back to the rest of the room but intertwining his hand with Tony’s. “So what’s next?”
questions while you get off scot free,” he whined, and Steve snickered.
“Excellent,” Tony said, a true, honest, broad grin spreading across his face. “I’m pretty sure the quinjet still works, so I’ll be there in like an hour, tops – so you better pack your bags fast.”
memories weren’t real.
to get closer to Thanos starting to make it difficult to think.
Stepping into the briefing room confirmed his suspicion;
Tony exhaled, feeling simultaneously tired and determined. “So what happens next?” he asked, wondering which world he’d end up in. God, he hoped with all his heart it wasn’t one of the ones where Morgan and Pepper were both dead. Or Peter. Or Harley. Or Steve, or Rhodey, or Nebula. It was starting to truly hit him just how awful this might be.
Tony smiled gently at him, touching his face lightly. “He’ll find me one way or another. I’d rather have the opportunity to keep people from getting hurt by his army and maybe take him down when he does. Besides, aren’t you the one who wanted me fighting beside you yesterday?” he teased, and Steve’s expression
“I don’t know what I’ll do if they get hurt, if they – “ Tony choked on the last, worst word, unable to utter it, and Rhodey squeezed his shoulder, eyes understanding.
“I told you we needed a suit of armor around the world, and you disagreed. I said we’d lose. You said we’d do that together. Well we lost, Steve. And where were you?” He chuckled, the sound bleak and bitter. “Where the
And Tony felt like she’d yanked the rug out from under him. “Every day, sweetheart,” he responded, his voice a little hoarse. She nodded seriously, looking at him contemplatively.
But it was true – someone had gotten footage of his snap, the one that vanished Thanos’s army -
“I’m not going to leave the fight!”
as it measured his worth. Tony returned to himself, looking at Steve with wide eyes. Steve smiled, so full of warmth and acceptance. “You asked us to protect everyone, to keep the universe safe from Thanos and his armies, and we are granting your wish.”
Tony couldn’t have stopped his mouth from dropping if he’d tried. “Oh, Morgan, honey – I’m not – that’s not – “ Flustered, he had no idea where he was going with that sentence, but Morgan didn’t seem to be listening much anyway.
“Well I – “
had to have the complete, unmitigated
“Thanks, Iron Man!” piped up a boy who didn’t look any older than 12 or 13.
Harley and Peter were at the front of the pack, beaming at him and not even looking slightly chagrined. Nebula was standing with her arms crossed slightly behind them, glaring at the back of their heads. Morgan was standing slightly behind Nebula, brown eyes eyeing Tony a little more…contemplatively.
, it so is! This is hilarious! Best thing that’s ever happened to me. Hold on, I’m gonna go get my camera!” Morgan exclaimed, eyes flashing brightly as she darted away.
kid, and that’s that.” He crossed his arms, cocking an eyebrow and making sure he looked perfectly confident and self-assured.
Rhodey stared at him, looking scared, but Tony knew his best friend could see how much this meant to him. “I promise.”
“I haven’t either, and all of my contacts have said their worlds and all the worlds they know of are still just trying to put their lives back together. No one has done anything that would draw Thanos’s attention that any of my contacts know,” Carol said, and Tony frowned. What the hell could Thanos be up to?
And Steve…oh, that…that might be painful. But then again, he and Steve in his original timeline had never ended up the way they had in this last timeline. Maybe it wouldn’t hurt, maybe it would be okay.
“Can’t take full credit there, old man - Peter and I teamed up on this one. He said something about getting you back for Baby Monitor protocols or something,” Harley declared gleefully, choosing to hover a little closer to Tony at his own risk. Tony wasn’t resorting to violence though – yet.
morning – that of course everything was going to come crashing down around them.
Tony beamed beatifically. “Now if you don’t mind, Captain, I need to call said mini-me.” Steve sighed heavily but gave him a dismissive wave, which Tony took as blanket permission and turned back to the kitchen.
A few weeks after his and Morgan’s little talk, and he still hadn’t broached the subject with Cap – though his dreams had very pointedly taken a turn to focus on that particular person of interest. But still, he hesitated, because for one thing, was he even sure Steve was interested in him? It was entirely possible he was reading into things, projecting his own wants and desires onto someone who was conveniently close by and happened to also be an all-around amazing guy. For another, he wasn’t even sure how to bring it up. ‘Hey, Cap, so I’ve spent the last two years grieving for my wife, and my daughter told me I have her blessing to get back in the dating game, wanna go out sometime?’
! You said
And Pepper knew it, too, because she smiled at him, gently, so gently. “Tony, look at me,” she said, her voice soft, and he tried, head lolling her way and eyes locking onto her, willing her to be the last thing he ever saw. “We’re going to be okay. You can rest now.”
Harley gave a watery laugh. “Sure thing, gramps.”
Hey guys!! So here it is, part 1 of the spin-offs!!
“How was I supposed to know?”
,” Tony lamented dramatically, and Morgan giggled again.
. “I’ve been doing a lot of thinking,” she began, voice steady and determined; she was Tony and Pepper’s daughter, she knew how to present the face she wanted everyone to see. “I have my PhD’s, and I’ve worked with Dad for a while and learned a lot about the company – but I think I can do more if I…expand my horizons a bit. I was hoping – “ and she hesitated here, nerves breaking through, but Tony watched her steel herself and continue. “ – I was hoping I could accompany you to Kamar-Taj when you return and start learning the mystic arts.”
“Sorry, Boss, Peter asked me to play some of his voice recordings if I ever saw a situation that demanded it,” FRIDAY said apologetically.
Tony crushed everyone at Monopoly as Natasha muttered Russian invectives under her breath and Clint threatened him with a butter knife and accused him of cheating. (Thor was the first one out, to no one’s surprise, though he protested loudly that it was only because he didn’t understand Midgardian currency.) Natasha and Clint dominated at charades, with Bruce and Tony in a relatively close second, and Thor and Steve in a very distant third – though, to be fair, one of them wasn’t from this realm and the other had missed the past 70 years.
her mother’s blessing just like that.
.” And then Morgan was crawling onto his bed as Pepper hugged him, pressing a desperate, emotion-filled kiss to his lips that Tony had returned, feeling the weight of millennia without her, without
When they made it to the living room, Tony was surprised to see the other Avengers already gathered, various expressions of horror, dismay, and fear spread around the room as they stood, staring at the TV. Tony, Steve, and Natasha fell into line, and Tony got his first glimpse of what they were all looking at.
I hope that part didn't ruin the characters for anyone! Tbh I don't do much in the way of planning out chapters, so I just let the characters direct themselves and that's where they took me. This chapter's 'planning' in my notes was: it's been two years, Tony has four children, Stony starts happening as Tony gets over Pepper, Thanos starts making his move and Carol notices, Thanos comes to Earth for Tony, aaaaand that was the extent of it. Things get away from me sometimes.
, a bit like he wasn’t
“I’m just going to forget this ever happened,” Peter mumbled, shuffling into the room and making for the coffee machine in a very zombie-like fashion.
idk I headcanon Morgan as just ??? being so smart ??? and somehow being able to tell her dad is different now and that him ‘only being gone for a few days’ with the time travel + the battle is some bs???? I would like to reiterate my ‘the author does what the fuck she wants’ tag, idek you guys.
if you do not remove whatever spell you put on this hairdryer, I’m going to reset every device you own so that it runs on the equivalent of Windows 7!” Tony threatened, hollering down the hall.
Two years later, Earth is rebuilding, Tony is managing unruly children, and a threat looms on the horizon.
“It’s fine. Lots of people lost someone,” he said, trying to keep his tone flippant and probably not succeeding if Steve’s expression was anything to go by.
The stones collectively looked relieved, and they smiled at him. “Thank you, Tony Stark,” Steve said, eyes twinkling with golden light.
He stood up quickly, which had the added bonus of knocking Tony on his ass as Tony called after him, “I’ll have you know that means it’s
“Good night, Tony.”
“No name-calling, squirt,” Tony reprimanded automatically, but he smiled. “But your sis is right, guys. Clearly I have a lot to teach you about women.” He winked, and the two boys groaned.
“Life functions critical,” FRIDAY responded, distraught but trusting that Pepper would come up with something,
“Well, we’re about to get a whole lot more
“Morgan, honey, are you – “
Univer
Steve visited more often, too, becoming somewhat of a fixture around the Tower. He’d been present often enough when Pepper was still around, but now it was almost as though he’d moved in, offering his help or company almost every time Tony turned around. Tony would have been offended, protested that he may be 78 but he was not an
“Thanks,” he managed to respond, then dragged his eyes away from Steve when he remembered his daughter was still in the room. He turned to offer her a smile, freezing at the sight of the measuring look on her face as she glanced back and forth between them. She didn’t say a word, though – simply smiled, nodded to herself, and followed after her brothers.
. I’ll always be the fucking lazy, entitled, billionaire asshole in your eyes, Mr. Perfect.”
Maybe this wouldn’t be so bad after all.
“Sure thing, Boss.”
to fix the timelines, but he’d done it. Thanos was finished in
“Activating Old Man Bifocals protocol, Boss,” FRIDAY responded, and Tony let out an indignant squawk.
to have a
been able to take down Thanos on her own. He’d had to resort to taking the power stone out of the gauntlet and blasting her away to keep her from beating him.
“You’re too smart for you own good sometimes, munchkin,” he said finally, shaking his head ruefully. “I love you tons.”
“She is my
“One of the kindest, most generous, most selfless people I’ve ever met,” Steve interrupted, then smiled slightly. “And also a giant asshole.” Tony squawked indignantly, and Steve’s smile widened. “It’s okay, I happen to like assholes.”
“I’m 18,” Peter said immediately, his voice quiet. “Dad or not, I get to make my own decisions because I’m legally an adult.” And Tony blinked at him, thrown. He’d never seen his original Peter – or his original Harley and Morgan – reach legal adult age, had never have to deal with
And then Rhodey nodded, a small smile crossing his face, and Tony felt relief sweep through him. Morgan was alive, Morgan was
but had to concede that Peter was incredibly hard to resist when he got that whole puppy-dog-energy excitement thing going.
“It’s not Christmas without decorations!” he declared, but Tony just shrugged and the subject matter was dropped.
“Hey, I’m 16!” Peter said indignantly, and Rhodey nodded, jabbing a thumb at him as he looked at Tony.
zvezdnyy svet - starlight
“Boys.” Natasha’s voice sounded from the doorway, and Tony and Steve popped their heads up over the side of the bed to see Clint and Natasha both hovering at the entrance to their room. Natasha was looking at them with one eyebrow raised in judgment, and Clint looked like Christmas had come early.
“I think it’s pretty handy, actually,” Steve said smugly, eyes twinkling down at Tony, and Tony pouted at him.
“There’s a phone in the kitchen that everyone whose phone went missing is using until we can get new ones,” Rhodey offered, and Tony smiled and nodded, making a mental note to have some new phones shipped out here. He wasn’t sure where his own was, at this point. Probably shattered somewhere on Titan. Normally, he’d just use FRIDAY to call from his suit’s helmet or his earpiece, but his suit was still pretty shattered and his earpiece had fallen out at some point, so it looked like the shared phone would be his best bet.
“Rhodey?” he asked, voice breaking. “Buddy, are you okay?” There was no response. “FRIDAY, run scans,” he ordered curtly.
“You look at him like you looked at Mom, and he looks at you the same way,” she said matter-of-factly. “And Mom would want you to be happy. So you should be happy, Dad.”
“Your former shield brothers?” Thor asked curiously, and Steve’s face closed off, but he nodded. Thankfully, Thor was adept enough at social cues to keep from pressing further – but the damage was done, and Steve was looking like someone had just kicked his puppy, and that just wouldn’t stand. Bald eagles would start crying or something.
“The Dora Milaje would also be honored to join,” Ayo said, chin tilted up proudly.
“Yeah, Cap, but it’s like 20 degrees out and there’s snow over everything. All the wood will be wet,” Tony said dubiously, but Steve only smiled.
explosive, honest,” Clint said earnestly. “And the sprinkler system put out the fire real fast.”
something to her.
“Mmm, is it, Mr. Stark? Guess you’ll just have to punish me for it later.” And with
“Oh my
“Not fair, I’m gonna get stared at all day and everyone’s gonna be asking
“No, but I’m sure it’s not going to be good news,” she responded, her tone clipped and eyes angry. Tony snorted.
“You’re just jealous you’re not pretty enough for that to work,” Natasha commented, and Clint shot her an affronted look.
“Hey, I totally had that!”
was there, either physically or via uplink. Natasha had found her way to the center of the room, their unofficial organizer and she’d been in his previous world. Thor and Bruce were huddled in one corner muttering quietly to each other and exchanging worried looks. On the screens were Ayo, Wong, Carol, Rocket, and a couple of people he didn’t recognize. Nebula was glaring stoically at the screens, standing apart from everyone, and Tony approached to stand by her.
“You had to know they were gonna come with us, Tones,” he said softly, a small smile on his face. “You’re practically their dad, and they’re too much like you. They were never gonna sit this one out. You did the right thing, giving them the okay.”
He muttered to himself as he pushed himself out of the bed, stumbling over to his dresser and pulling out some of his more age-neutral clothes and making a mental note to have FRIDAY order him some new t-shirts and such when he got a moment. He’d just pulled the shirt over his head when he heard a creak behind him, and he whirled around – to see Steve standing in the doorway, staring at him, eyes wide and face white, looking as though he’d seen a ghost. Or rather, was seeing a ghost.
“Wow, this is awesome! Damn, wish I had money like this,” Clint said, awed as he looked around the expansive log cabin with its tall, roaring fireplace and comfy rustic furniture. To one side, there was a stairway that led to the second floor, which was mostly just storage, though it had a balcony that overlooked the living room.
“Oh good, I want to talk to Tony,” Harley’s voice declared.
Okie so just a quick note before y'all start the chapter - some things get said in this chapter that may not paint certain characters in the best light, so just be prepared for that. These people are human, and they make mistakes and get upset and say things they'd regret!
And Steve just kept smiling at him, expression suddenly hopeful. “Go steady with me?”
, he was angry – and he was
“Well, maybe they weren’t ready for so much…evidence,” he said, a tinge of mischief in his voice, and Tony narrowed his eyes at him before glancing down.
He hurtled across the battlefield, spotting his best friend’s suit lying smoking in a crater and completely ignoring Thanos and the others to drop down beside him. Natasha was still calling his name over the coms, but he didn’t respond, retracting his helmet.
on Steve’s face that Tony wouldn’t wake up.
am, isn’t it?”
Later, he wouldn’t be able to say exactly what happened or even how long he and Thanos were paused; it felt like an eon to him, but he was certain it must have been mere milliseconds to the rest of the team. When Tony’s hand touched the gauntlet, it felt as though an arc of energy raced up his arm, jolting him – but not painfully, more like he was an energizer bunny being charged to full capacity, invigorating and fulfilling. Thanos, on the other hand, let out a cry of pain, falling to his knees. Mind clearer than it had been since the tugging sensation had started, Tony saw the opportunity for what it was. Putting both hands on the gauntlet, he steeled himself and
And then Steve had to triumphantly call over the coms, “I found him!”
When he opened his eyes, it was with the delighted awareness that things had changed. He sat up slowly, but the aches and pains of old age were gone, and he held up his smooth, unwrinkled hands to the light, marveling when they didn’t shake as they had once he’d hit 80.
“You sure you’re not secretly a wizard?” Clint asked, squinting at him, and Steve beamed. It should be illegal for someone to be that gorgeous. No really, Steve should be arrested, it wasn’t fair to humanity.
“Steve, Bruce, Nebula, Peter, and I take the quinjet, you, Rhodey, and Harley fly, and we all go kick Thanos’s ass. Thought that was clear,” Natasha said, adding a note of humor to her voice in an effort to lighten the mood. Tony smiled humorlessly back. This was going to be even worse than the first time around.
“He wants
suspect that he wasn’t the right Tony, did they? But Rhodey continued to grin at him, so Tony just rolled his eyes.
Carol cocked an eyebrow. “When do I ever not?”
Tony was silent, eyes wide as he absorbed this information. “In
Silence greeted this statement, the words sinking in for everyone present.
And he punctuated the last word with a particularly hard hit that made Tony stumble back a couple of steps, Steve stepping forward with some concern, but Tony waved him off without taking his eyes off Harley. Harley stared at him for a moment more, fury and pain warring in his eyes, and then he launched himself at Tony – and flung his arms around Tony’s midsection, burying his face in Tony’s still-armored chest. “Don’t you
with no
“You – you – “ he stuttered, and Tony grinned brightly, happily.
“Yup. Don’t feel bad if you end up getting handsy during the night in your sleep. Happens to the best of us, and I’ve been told I’m particularly irresistible,” Tony tossed out, setting his suitcase beside the other side of the bed, giving Steve a smarmy smile.
“For as long as you want, Harl,” he said softly, then smiled to himself. “We’re connected, after all.” There was a choked off sob on the other end of the line that Tony didn’t comment on, staying silent until Harley had gathered himself.
This chapter was a request by SharkyIsSnarky!! Ty for your lovely idea <333
“I’d say I’m honored, Purple People Eater, but I’m really not,” Tony drawled, and Rhodey let out a quiet pained groan beside him. The tugging sensation was becoming steadily more insistent, but Tony willfully ignored it.
“You all okay?” he asked the civilians, who looked shell-shocked and petrified but nodded. “Good, try to get out of here or find somewhere to hide, yeah?” They nodded again.
“Mr. Stark?” As though conjured by his thoughts, Tony heard Peter’s voice, the boy’s face lowering so that it hovered in front of his own. Tony tried to focus in on him, wanting to respond, to reassure, to even just
And as though summoned by his internal plea, one such thing appeared. “Mr. Stark!” a voice Tony absolutely did
Timeline #2 has gotten quite a few requests, so there will probably be several more chapters from that timeline in this collection :)
“I’ve got eyes on Cap,” Rhodey called. “Looks like Thor and Valkyrie are close, and Nebula’s not too far off either.”
Their moment was broken, of course, by Clint.
“Mom would want you to be happy, though,” she told him, and Tony cocked his head, confused and more than a little caught off guard.
“Daaaaad!” Morgan’s call jolted him out of it, and he sent a half-hearted glare in the direction of his entirely-too-tempting wife before following his daughter’s voice.
“Oh, kid, you aren’t crying, are you?” Tony asked awkwardly, smiling and patting him on the arm. “You know you can’t get rid of me, don’t you? Once I’ve claimed you as my own, you’re stuck with me for the rest of your life.”
tell her this, but he was exceedingly proud of how quickly she’d mastered all the magic stuff. Or whatever. Stephen was impressed. (Except of-fucking-
Although, there had been some oddities over those days as well. Like a bunch of ‘memories’ popping up that differed vastly from Tony’s own – memories of things that happened
But that unlucky bastard had been living
And with that, Thanos lunged, but Tony was prepared, throwing up an energy shield quickly. The gauntlet struck the shield, and the impact threw Steve and Rhodey off their feet and away from Tony and Thanos. Thor, Valkyrie, and Nebula let out battle cries and attacked, trying to draw Thanos’s attention away, but Thanos had eyes only for Tony. He turned the gauntlet towards them and sent a blast of energy their way, but Tony took advantage of his maneuver to blast him with an energy beam, knocking him off his feet.
Peter piped up, his voice earnest. “It’s for your own good! You two get in the worst arguments and then don’t speak to each other
“Well, you know, I’m a little tired of this whole superhero thing. I think I’ve earned a little bit of time relaxing by the poolside, sipping frozen daiquiris and working on my tan,” he said in the same cheerful, untroubled voice, though there was an undercurrent of warning to it now that anyone who knew him well would hear. And Steve? Steve knew him well, but he was never one to heed warnings.
“I’m not sure I – “
“Me, too,” Tony had answered honestly, and she let out a wet laugh, pressing a kiss to his forehead.
