"Steve? You know.... I'm sorry for the way I... lost focus. This morning. And this evening too, I guess. It's something I do. I get distracted. By shiny tech or.... shiny people. Or annoying people. I know you must be pissed off and disappointed in me, I actually think I got Fury stuck in that state permanently, and I...."
“Whatever, smartass. Take them on Monday or drown them, for all I care. Just get them out of there.” And with that Pim pulled his head back and left Tony to figure things out. He scampered up the ramp they used to get the kegs in and out of the cellar and came out in the alley. He stopped to close the shutters behind him, in case one of the cats snuck behind his back and then he took his bearings. It was twilight and the cobblestones and air were wet with the rain that had fallen earlier. Thank god it wasn’t raining now, although the sky looked like it might not be done yet. That was likely, because once it started raining in this country it often wouldn’t stop for days. Or weeks. He looked around for a trace of cats. He didn’t see them at first but then a tiny squeal made him look under the steps that led to the backdoor of the neighboring house and there they were. Five pairs of little blue eyes stared at him. A black and white one puffed up and tried to hiss menacingly, but only managed to look utterly adorable. Two others were black and there was a tiny white one with orange ears and and orange nose and an orange tail, and the biggest one was all orange. This should be easy.
“That’s going to change, Tony, now that Bruce is going to move out. It always does when we get someone new. We’ve had a surprisingly long run with just the 5 of us, but the dynamic always changes. It’s already kind of different now that Jane has practically moved in with Thor.”
For a few glorious moments Tony sags against Steve's chest, head resting on his shoulder, breathing hot and heavy in his ear. Steve can't help it. His arms curl around the man on his lap on their own, holding him close while trying their damnedest not to hold too tight. The warm, limp weight of Tony in his arms is a revelation, an overwhelming feeling of connection, caring and belonging that causes an almost audible crack in the walls around his mind. It suddenly seems impossible that he's survived this long without someone in his arms, someone to hold. His head turns, his nose searching for the feel and smell of Tony's hair. His hands want to wander, to find and stroke skin and Steve can feel hot tears pricking behind his eyelids. What the fuck is happening to him?
Spit was a terrible lube, though, it dried way too fast and before too long, the friction was getting uncomfortable again. The one arm that Steve was holding himself up with was starting to tremble and Tony wondered if he could come this way before the man collapsed. His own hand was wet with Steve’s precome, though, so if he could use just a little… He pulled Steve’s hand off his cock and with his other hand, he pulled their groins closer so he could take them both in hand, and, oh, that was much better.
"No senior citizens for us tonight, I suppose," Tony said. "And the wait is finally over." Steve felt the same sense of relief. Some action at last! And if that guy thought Tony would stop him from beating him up if needed, he had another thing coming.
Bors handed food to Steve and Tony and then got himself some. He sat down next to Percy and started shoveling it into his mouth. Tony started eating too.
Bucky would have snarled something like “Get lost, Rat. Go buy yourself some new friends if you broke your old ones.” And Tony would have… Tony wouldn’t even have asked.
When he woke in the morning, though, Steve wasn’t in the bed, but he had acquired several cats who were curled up in the nooks and crannies of his body under the blanket. He looked out the window. The storm had finally blown itself out and a bright sun was just starting to peek over the roofs. Early still. Steve must be in the bathroom. He had almost fallen back asleep when the door to his room opened and closed. He expected Steve to come back up the ladder, but it didn’t happen. Suddenly wide awake he scooted to the edge of the bed, under protest of the cats, and peered down.
“Bruce apparently doesn’t like you either.” Steve gestured to the part that Tony was still studying.
"I don't know how you put up with him." Rhodey reluctantly let go of Steve's hand and then turned to Tony.
There was a hesitation before his AI spoke and that was so unusual that Tony felt a sudden wave of apprehension.
“According to JARVIS there is no visual surveillance in this room, he is overriding the audio with static whenever we're here, so it will sound like a malfunction, and we can talk freely. If needed he can clear other spaces for us, but I want him to interfere as little as possible. The more passively he can ride on the system, the less chance of detection by Hydra.” Steve nodded and caught himself smiling, again. He hadn't smiled this much in months... Man, Stark was a force to be reckoned with, possibly even more brilliant than Howard had been. It felt odd not to be quite in charge, but if he was honest that was probably just as well, since this wasn't exactly a battlefield situation. Stark seemed to know what they were doing. All Steve had to do for now was follow his lead, watch the guy's back and learn to swish. Seemed doable. Even if the swishing might not be.
The contemplation of his imminent demise from caffeine withdrawal was disrupted by the arrival of a man on horseback, entering the square. Tony regarded him curiously. If he disregarded a few decades of contamination by Hollywood movies that had sported actors with flawless teeth and better skin care routines, he supposed the man could pass for a knight. He was bit long in the tooth, although as far as Tony knew this is what people looked like at twenty-five in this day and age. He didn't think so though. He really looked closer to sixty. The man had a shield with a black dragon on it and a sword that he had raised in front of him. It wavered a bit and his helmet could not quite hide the fear in his eyes. The horse's eyes were even wilder, but it was obviously trained to stand its ground in the face of danger.
The smell was much stronger here. So strong Tony could almost see little tendrils of the fumes escape from between the cracks between cover and floor. He reared back. Tony hadn't spent his middle decades living a life of utter debauchery without learning what mind altering drugs felt like at first exposure. He pinched his nose shut and scrambled out of the building without inhaling again. With a couple of deep breaths his head cleared. Fortunately. Because it was obvious that Steve and Percival had to be somewhere down that manhole, drugged to the gills and they were going to need Tony to get them out. Which meant that Tony was going to have to go in, but without breathing that shit, whatever it was. It was doubtful he'd be able to hold his breath for long enough to accomplish anything and he couldn't be sure that just plugging his nose would be enough, until he tried it and that wasn't going to fly. There really was only one solution.
"Agreed," said Tony, "So let's get off this fucking schoolbus." He clambered over Steve, who had to forcibly restrain himself not to reach out and
“That wouldn’t work. They know Rhodey. They know what he is and isn’t. You’re an unknown factor, they won’t know what to make of you. You’re the cog in the wheel! The sand in the sandwich! A big fat middle finger to pureblood arrogance!”
It was like it came through a tunnel from the other side of a mountain, and Steve could barely decipher it, but it sounded like “Left armpit”. Steve lifted the left arm, but couldn't see a thing. He felt around with his fingertips and finally he found a small irregularity in the smooth metal. Pushing did nothing. Figured that would be too easy. But eventually, when he hooked his finger just so, something popped. And then, like a cascade, pieces of armor started disconnecting and falling off Tony, who took in a great gulping breath of air at the same as the door slammed open. Steve looked up to see a tiny woman with a long dark hair stomp into the room.
“Good to see you too, Draco. And you, Harry.” Tony smiled at the unobtrusive man next to Draco who was busy rolling his eyes at his blond friend. Steve only noticed him now.
It was awesome. With cold blooded efficiency Tony turned his team of minions into cruel, backstabbing cheats. On the other side, Steve’s cohort was excellent at battle cries, but not much with the actual aiming of the snowballs. And in the end their hapless little armies mutinied, ganging up on the bigger boys and Steve and Tony were mercilessly buried under the remains of Tony’s illegal fort. When the kids had run off victoriously, Steve was left with a squirming and cursing Tony on top of him, snow in every orifice. Steve was helpfully wiping Tony’s face with his mitten, and Tony was slapping at his hands, when Steve became aware of the position they were in and how close Tony was. He’d only have to stretch an inch or two to be able to kiss him. Tony’s lips would be cold, but his tongue would be hot behind them and Steve wanted it so much that he had to roll over and dump Tony off to stop himself from doing it. Tony glared at him for the extra dunk into the snow, but that was okay. Much better than what Tony would do if Steve had given in to that impulse.
“It is also the most self centered, backwards compliment I ever heard.” When Tony still looked puzzled, he continued. “Look, would you say Pepper is your creation?”
As he started coming down from his high, he felt Steve slam up one more time before moaning a broken "Tony!" into his ear and finding his own shuddering release. Boneless, they toppled over on the bed, a sweaty, sticky, panting mess, grinning stupidly at each other. Endorphins were the bomb.
"Don't matter. I've done enough kinky stuff that I know that those are my hard limits. Everything else is negotiable. Not promising I'm gonna do whatever, but I promise I'll consider it."
Bors frowned and Percy looked hurt. Tony gaped, then wanted to strangle him. Don't remember! Was that how it was going to be? Jesus, the fucking coward. Tony tossed his bowl aside, not being able to choke down another bite.
"Sometimes I can almost see why Fury dislikes you," Steve said. "Fine. But if Antonio feels me up again, I may have to break his pinkie finger."
"Ok, this place is creepy." Tony said in Steve's earpiece as they descended the uneven stairs into the Domitilla Catacombs, "Nothing like going into a underground maze of death with a big fucking target on my back." Steve couldn't reply, a grandmotherly woman in their group had latched on to his arm for assistance and was now chatting away at him. "Hey kid!" Tony continued out loud, addressing a boy of about 10 years old that was going very slowly down the middle of the stairs ahead of him, effectively blocking the entire stairway. "What is the holdup?"
She tapped her lips with the capped permanent marker thoughtfully, the cans of tuna forgotten on the table. Tony waited. She was observant and sharp as a tack and to be honest, it was a relief to talk to someone about Steve. He should probably respect the man's privacy and not even speculate, but that really wasn't Tony's strong suit. It was in his nature to always want to know everything and not prodding Steve for more than he was willing to tell had been really hard.
"So they say, but truthfully, it shines so bright that you can't make out the shape very well. But it is about as big as you mentioned and it does pulse like you said."
"Only a matter of time, before someone links the two, which means the paparazzi...." Tony was interrupted by JARVIS.
The second thing he realized was that he was not a billionaire here, because his bank accounts, or even his bank, didn't exist yet. Also, nobody would accept the black AmEx card he kept stashed in the armor for emergencies. And once you scratched the billionaire part, that effectively took care of the philanthropy part and if he was honest, a significant chunk of the playboy part. He was reduced to being just a genius. One that was being mistaken for a demon at the moment, much to his chagrin, but he didn't think opening his helmet and shouting a friendly greeting was going to get him anything more than an arrow in the head.
"I dunno," said Steve, scratching his abs, "I'll leave. Maybe the Fantastic Four need a Fantastic Fifth."
Tony shrugged. "Haven't a fucking clue. Her specialty is undercover spy type work, so I am assuming she infiltrated something, somewhere. I hope it was a quiet week for alien invasions and doombots, since we were both elsewhere."
"Fuck. And I am sure they'd shut up if we carelessly wandered closer." The argument was getting more heated, the woman had started waving her hands for emphasis.
. I didn't tell you to fuck the man. That was all your idea. I was just... pleasantly surprised you seemed to be 'getting along' and was disinclined to break up that particular party."
“I should hope so,” Tony faux pouted. He felt light and airy as if he could outsmile the moon and that didn’t even make sense, but he was too happy to care. It was probably the endorphin release, or something prosaic, but it felt anything but prosaic. When Steve pressed a soft kiss into his hair, he barely suppressed a giggle.
Steve tore his eyes away and saw the hermit was still standing there. The man was looking at Gawaine now, who was decidedly unamused by Lancelot's departure. Then the grubby fellow closed his eyes and raised his arms for dramatic effect. Rolling his eyes, Steve braced himself for another pointless task. Whatever it was, he wasn't going to do it.
There was a large wicker basket that was rocking slightly as if what was in it was trying to punch its way out. He pulled the basket towards him, out from under the table. He heard a woman shriek from not too far away, but when he looked up, nothing was happening. He opened up the basket and looked down at the tear stained face of a little girl, that was maybe a year old or so. One of her arms ended in a little nub instead of a hand. She was also running a fever and was covered in spots on her arms and face. Her wispy red hair was plastered to her head with sweat. She had scratched her cheek with her one hand and it looked swollen and infected. The poor thing needed a doctor, not a basket. He had to get her to a hospital!
"I need to talk to him first. I'll explain in a sec." Tony surged up and kissed him hard and fast. Before Steve could grab him and hold him in place, though, he had twisted away and knelt by the crying boy.
"No! I mean..." Steve was blushing furiously now and Tony felt a little bit evil. A tiny little bit, really, pretty much negligible. "I mean, there are straps on the chaps too."
Clint and Natasha had left for Budapest a couple of days after that and Tony hadn’t managed to cross paths with Thor and Jane since. For all he knew they had not left the bedroom at all. He didn’t share a wall with Thor, who had the best room with the south facing windows on the other side of the house, or he would have blasted James Brown’s Sex Machine for a couple of hours, just because it was completely unfair for one man to be getting that much sex, while Tony didn’t.
“Yeah, what’s up with that?” agreed Steve around a mouthful of hot and salty fries. “Not even in Hamburg, if you can believe it. They deep fry the patty there, and the spices are all wrong.”
“Fury...” Tony mimicked the exasperated tone of the SHIELD director's voice. “Really. No. Actually, let me rephrase that: Fuck, no! Come on! It makes no sense whatsoever to send me on an undercover assignment and you know it. Unless you
“It’s bad enough you’re buying me clothes. And food. And pay for the house and everything else! God, Tony, they’ll assign me a lawyer, you don’t have to pay for one on top of everything else! I’ll never be able to pay you back as it is.”
and believe you me, Del has had his share of threesomes. Probably not with women, I think he's gayer than that, but who knows... The point is, though... the point is that Del would not have been standing there like a blushing virgin like you did!”
"He won't. Well, maybe. I don't know. Okay, he'll be free to join the Mormon Tabernacle Choir, if he so desires. Except he can't sing. Why can't I go to the trial?"
.” The motherfucker waggled his one visible eyebrow. Tony rolled his eyes in answer. He gave a him a sloppy imitation of the salute Rogers had omitted and muttered: “Stay thirsty, my friend.” Then he got the hell out.
Clint rose out of his seat and snagged Steve’s beer. “You shouldn’t be drinking, Steve, that’s bad for the baby.”  And Thor pounded Steve on the back. “Congratulations, friend Steve! Is Tony the father?” Steve looked even more dour and Tony couldn’t help it, he cracked up. So did everyone else, including -eventually- Steve. When Tony could catch his breath again, he stood up and stole the beer back from Clint to hand to Steve.
Rogers folded all his delectable limbs into one of the notoriously uncomfortable office chairs that Tony was sure Fury had picked on purpose to stop his inferiors from asking too many questions. He left a carefully empty seat between Tony and himself. Guess he wasn't getting ready to jump Tony's bones. Pity, that. Silence descended while Fury studied both men as if going through a mental checklist.
After the pork shoulder roast that Tony practically inhales, the TV gets pulled out again. It's easier for Steve this time, just a bit of discomfort as Tony opens her up and starts adding parts he gets out of a plastic Radioshack bag. He mutters a bit about the simplistic design, as far as Steve can tell, but he seems oddly content to be messing around in the TV's innards. It only takes fifteen minutes or so and then Tony is pushing the TV back against the wall and hitting the On button. It flickers to life and suddenly there's the Giants' game in Steve's living room. Just like when the TV died. It's almost as if the intervening year didn't happen, and something flickers hopefully to life in Steve's chest too.  But he is well aware the Giants won a World Series in the meantime. One he didn't get to watch, his brain helpfully reminds him. He grits his teeth. That's over and done with. He is allowed be happy the TV is fixed without feeling regret or shame or whatever the fuck it is that wants to claw its way up Steve's throat.
“I think we’re ready for a test drive, today!” Tony’s eyes were gleaming. Steve smiled at him helplessly.
It was not the words, but Steve's voice tipping from anger into anguish, that made Tony comply. Before the armor had even finished folding back into the suitcase, Steve was zipping him out of his racing leathers. Tony wanted to protest and he tried really hard not to insinuate anything about Steve undressing him, or crack jokes about buying him dinner first, because even he could see that would be really inappropriate right now, but god, he couldn't stop his brain from going there. It got worse when he was finally down to boxer briefs and a T-shirt and Steve was patting him down looking for blood and bruises and it took a massive force of will not to get hard. He fixed his eyes on the tree branches above him and did prime numbers in his head to boost his endurance.
"I think you should lead, " Tony said, "You're bigger. I'd look like a sparrow trying to push a tank through a maze."
“Well, you know, it's very flashy and there's lots of fashion stores and movie stars. I thought you guys might be interested in that sort of thing.” Tony didn't miss how he glanced at Steve while stating this, nor the hint of disapproval in his voice. Right. Not Hydra then. Just a judgmental asshole about men in pink dinner jackets.
“In this case, Stark, those people can walk the walk, but they can't talk the talk. Porter will be negotiating an exchange of his research results on recreating the super soldier serum in return for god knows what from Hydra. The guy we send has to be able to spout more than platitudes on the topic.”
“And then,” said Bors behind him, “The idiot spotted a lion and a serpent fighting on the beach and he decided we had to go help out the lion, because it was a nobler beast.”
"Oh! Well! There is part of the fund reserved for a grand ceremonial internment at Arlington, sir. Mr Stark, your father, left full details as to -"
She offered it to Bruce, who started to protest: "It can't possibly be me, I barely know him. Is there a secret crush we don't know about?"
“Oh good, you’re starting to get exasperated. That’s better. That’s almost normal. For fuck’s sake, Steve, I’m sorry, alright? And I really fucking missed you. And I am actually glad Widow told you my secret and twisted my arm to come over here. Just don’t tell her I said that. Now can you come over here and shut me up, please?”
“Hold on,” said Tony, “Those guys don't look like they are related at all. For one thing, Corbin is at least 20 years older than Del. Do they have different mothers?”
Tony frowned at him. "I think you know who I am. If you don't, I am not going to tell you and if you do,
“That is what you said last time, Master Stark, and then you left before signing. If you leave them unsigned again I will send them to Hogwarts by howler.”
He glanced at the perfect soldier next to him and stifled a snort at the look of wide eyed shock on the formerly impassive face. “Your country needs you to spend a long and painful day at a spa, Captain Beefcake,” he managed to get out before he could not hold back his laughter anymore. Fury glared and Rogers finally deigned to look at him. He graced Tony with a frown.
Before Steve can so much as process what Tony is saying, let alone answer in any way, Tony grabs the towel and tosses it aside.
“Thanks for telling me.” It was the only thing he could think of to say. Steve nodded his head unhappily.
Tony had gotten back to the castle and out of the armor before the witch came to. The previous occupants had conveniently left behind some of the larger pieces of furniture, such as rope strung beds with straw stuffed mattresses which were decidedly moldy, and giant tables. He'd placed her on one of the latter. He had the suit close by, because he was sure the woman would have questions.
He stared at the colorful assortment of garments that seemed to have pieces missing. Like legs, and a few crotches. And he wondered why Del would pack chaps for a boat trip with no horses or motorcycles to be had. The contents of the thing that could only be described as a beauty case were puzzling to Steve, who had never used more than soap, a razor and a comb. And the sex toys.... He didn't want to think about the sex toys. They mostly looked like torture instruments. Many, many torture instruments.
“It’s going completely over my head. Is there seriously that much significance to what people are wearing?”
The snide comment he had ready for Jane died on his lips as he took in the sodden figure in front of him, when he opened the door. Steve’s hair was plastered to his head, the rain running in rivulets down his face. His pants were soggily clinging to his legs and even the leather jacket looked like it had just given up and become porous.
The woman considered him gravely, then nodded. She held the blue shimmering shape high and at the same time Tony seemed to come to. There was no recognition in his eyes, they were as empty as a doll's, but he reached out a hand to the ball of light and it expanded. The room seemed to fade away, washed away in blue, and Steve buried his face in Tony's neck and held on for dear life.
Right outside the gate they ran into a hermit. As if he'd been waiting for them, which he must have been because there was no place where he could otherwise have been headed to for miles around. Steve reined in his horse and bowed his head respectfully. Tony rolled his eyes. The silver disk of the sun that was trying to shine through the thin clouds was almost at its zenith and he was antsy to get on with things. The hermit raised his arms. Drama queen, obviously.
“Hello Tony. I just came by to ask you if I could help you move your stuff or something. It’s almost the end of the month and I gave notice at my place for the first, so I am going to need to move in soon.”
"Getting there. Remember this will be slooooow." Tony rolled his eyes at him but knew it wasn't going to make a bit of difference.
Tony tried to untangle his brain from where it had tripped and hopelessly entangled itself in the concept of Steve being an actual virgin, what with the shoulders and the stormy blue eyes and the muscles and the muscles and the other muscles and the plump bottom lip and oh, the things Tony could do to that bottom lip, and really, that way lay madness and he forced himself to parse the rest of that statement.
The chopper was indeed American Military. And it hadn't been stolen by Hydra or anything like that. Unless they had stolen it with its occupant and that didn't seem very likely. Through the open door Steve had a clear line of sight to said occupant and to say he was unhappy to see Dr Redditch with ear phones on peering at a clipboard in his hands would be a gross understatement. The reality of the situation hit him all at once and Steve was furious. These guys weren't Hydra hellbent on killing Corbin Porter as played by Tony, these guys were here to extract
“Okay, Del. We're getting a bottle of booze at the tax free shop and we're going back to the cabin and then I guess I am going to give you a primer on Other People's Kinky Sex Lives 101, so you won't be struck dumb if it ever comes up again.” And we're very much not going to talk about what just happened, he added silently.
“Right,” Steve sat up straight again, smiling too. “It’d be cruel not to help a fellow out, when he is as inept as you at catching a couple of little kittens.”
Tony threw him a derisive look, before jumping onto his own horse. Which one could only do when not unduly burdened by chain mail, like Steve and Percival.
His hand is halfway to the towel when he catches himself and drops it hastily in his lap, hoping against hope that Tony hasn't noticed. But of course Tony has noticed. When he flicks his eyes up to Tony's face, the man is smirking down at him. There are water droplets running out of his hair down his neck soaking into the straps of the wife beater. Steve wants to lick those off too. He clenches his fists.
“Okay. So. The next part isn’t going to be very pleasant.” Tony looked a little grim. “We’ll have to stand hereabouts for a couple of hours in a receiving line, shaking hands. Then there’ll be dancing and food though, so that’s not usually as bad.”
But he'd wanted Tony too and Tony, lord help him, wanted Steve. Wanted all of him. He wanted the looks, the smiles, the dry humor, the fond exasperation, the yelling, the blushes. He wanted the casual touches, the not so casual ones. He wanted Steve's arm around his shoulders during the day and Steve's hand around his dick at night. Or day. Anytime was a good time for that, really.
He was sitting on a smallish grassy island in a fairly extensive lake. There was a stone circle on the island, like a mini Stonehenge type thing, and that made it very likely he was somewhere on the British Isles. JARVIS's sensors must be malfunctioning then, there was no way there were places without satellite signals in Britain. A few rabbits were hopping along, but otherwise the island was deserted. Not even a smidgen of a sign of Steve. Figured. Things couldn't be as easy as that, of course.
"But 23 kids were unnecessarily traumatized, Tony. Besides, this way you'd also have cut off the terrorists' escape route and you wouldn't have had to spend over an hour chasing them down." He was making stabby motions at the monitors as he proceeded to expose multiple flaws in Tony's plan of attack. Which, admittedly, hadn't been much more complex than Tony had already mentioned. Below the irritation at being schooled in tactics 101 and the defensiveness he manfully tried to keep under control, it dawned on Tony that this was something Steve might actually be better at than him. It stung, like it always did when someone outclassed him. Maybe because it happened rarely enough that he never had a chance to actually get used to it.
“Let’s be totally clear, Stark. You baked this cake of fuck ups, Steve iced it and the only thing I did was put the cherry on top.”
That had been the wrong thing to say. Steve felt the blood drain out of his face, knowing that Tony knew.
Tony nodded. “Rhodey said it would increase his chance of a shorter sentence if he had a standing job offer. I don’t expect him to hold it long, which is a pity, because I could use someone I trust, but I’m sure he is morally opposed to fucking his boss or some such nonsense. I mean… not that I am presuming… I know it’s been three months and I wouldn’t blame him if he’d changed his mind...” Tony trailed off miserably, only to bristle indignantly when Barnes started laughing at him.
They held themselves still, with their heads together as if they were gazing out over the ocean on their little bench, while listening to the two sets of footsteps that went by behind their backs. When the steps had faded away, they looked at each other.
"My problem is that you went in like a chicken with its head cut off. No backup. No communication. Did you even have a plan?"
“I am so sorry, Captain. I do apologize for my assumptions. I am afraid that I have spent too much time cleaning up after Mr. Stark to recognize an innocent victim of his schemes.”
Percival looked at Steve in surprise. "Could you not see him? Oh! You weren't here. Right. Well, he was red and gold and he had icy blue fire shooting out of his feet and hands and his chest. And his eyes were empty and soulless and his voice was as loud as...." He continued on, but Steve wasn't listening anymore. Hope speared through him, hot and urgent and almost leaving him unable to speak. It couldn't be, but it couldn't not be. Tony had been here. Oh sweet Mary, mother of God, someone had come for him. He wanted to fall to his knees and cry.
Steve didn’t say anything. Tony couldn’t see his face, but under the sheet that was thrown around his neck, Steve’s clenched his hands into fists. The question seemed innocuous to Tony, but obviously it wasn’t for Steve.
"They were evil men," Gawaine bit back, "We meted out justice. The task was to vanquish them. Lancelot and I vanquished all of them. The task is done.
"Wise," smiled Steve. Maybe it was. But more importantly, there was no chance in hell Tony was going to be orchardless in June. Just in case Steve hadn't been joking.
Goat Man is speechless. The awkwardness increases exponentially as the silence stretches and Steve has to stop himself from shuffling his feet. He forces himself into parade rest and meeting the disbelief in the brown eyes head on.
are not going tell anybody. I am not here officially and neither is my partner. If you do blab, the word will get out exactly how you two are responsible for this clusterfuck. Don't believe for a moment that I can't find you. Let's go." Tony helped Dane to his feet, while Steve checked out Josh, who was groaning and trying to sit up. Steve handed his flashlight to Tony.
“I’d be much obliged if you two could manage to be civil to one another and set a good example for the young ones these three weeks,” McGonagall admonished primly and Steve had no choice but to mutter acquiescence and take his seat.
Tony went back to his room. He picked Steve’s clothes off the little pile he had made next to his duffle bag and put them in his laundry basket. Everything was wet and filthy and the socks had holes in them. He briefly considered going through Steve’s bag to see if he had more clothes, but decided that would definitely be crossing the line. Finding some old newspapers, he tore them in big pieces and wadded balls of them in Steve’s boots to soak up the water inside them and then he put them by the radiator. They were army issue, too, by the looks of them. He hung Steve’s jacket by the radiator as well.
"Even considering what money is worth in this day and age, I am insulted by how little value you think my thoughts have."
"Well, well," the hermit said, "I believe the squire has come to search for his masters. Why don't you take off your mask and join us in our prayers?"
"I am Sir Bors, you knave. Now tell me where he is or I will smite you where you stand." He started unsheathing his sword. Medieval frat boys, Tony thought, always ready with their swords.
Tony's room was sparse, very much unlike the man Steve thought he knew. A large bed, a desk and a couple of wooden stools. Tony plonked the food and drink he'd confiscated on the table. He dropped onto the stool, breathing just a tad too heavily to be justified by the stairs they'd climbed to get here. Tony definitely did not look as healthy as when he'd seen him last in New York.
It didn’t come. Instead, Steve stepped forward and leaned his knee on the bed. When Tony didn’t say anything, he crawled onto the bed altogether, the mattress dipping under his weight, Tony’s gaze following him. Steve halted just above him, hands on either side of his head and staring down into Tony’s face. After a few long moments in which nothing made sense inside his mind, Tony lifted an arm and cupped a hand behind Steve’s neck. He pulled and Steve came, bending his elbows until Tony reached up the last couple of inches to kiss him. They hung, suspended in air, for a moment, their lips barely touching and then Tony’s abs gave out and he fell back. Steve followed him, landing heavily to his side and the next moment Tony had turned and wrapped his arm around his neck and they were kissing for real. Steve’s arm came around his waist, pulling him close. Tony opened his mouth for Steve’s tongue and revelled in how right it felt to have him so close, to kiss him with every bit of yearning he thought he had excised months ago.
“Fuck, yes,” he answered and slid one hand into the back of Steve’s pajama bottoms. Thor hadn’t provided underwear, a fact that Tony immediately exploited. Steve sucked in a sharp breath and latched onto Tony’s neck, just under his ear and, wow, was that spot sensitive. His knees wanted to buckle. He cursed out loud and felt Steve smile against his skin and that was even worse. Working one hand out from under Steve’s arm, he grabbed Steve by the hair to force his head up, so he could kiss the smile from his lips. Steve complied with fervor.
“Jesus fuck, Steve. Are you even- “ In a mild panic, Tony replayed the night on fast forward. What if Steve wasn’t clean? What had they done? They’d used a condom for the fucking and Tony hadn’t-  He hadn’t, because Steve had stopped him before he could suck his dick.
"So, I was thinking," Tony said as the bus was nearing the city center, "that whether Hydra decided not to stoop to kidnapping in the catacombs or whether the wonder twins somehow messed up their plans, it might be a good idea to
"Perhaps some fresh air would help Sir clear his mind," J.A.R.V.I.S. supplied innocently. Devious little shit. But given the fact that Tony hadn't been outside in over a week, he might actually have a point. Going outside didn't mean going skating or anything, right? Lots of people went outside every day and did not end up skating.
The horde of squids were dealt with in good time. Tony lost sight of Cap, but saw the shield fly by in his peripheral vision a few times. It seemed to work a little better than Mjolnir, due to the edge it had, but the repulsors were the most effective, meaning Tony was very busy for a while. It was a good way to take out his anger and frustration, really. Which was why he wasn't about to let the nasty things go when they started to retreat. That, and he wanted a specimen to study. He wasn't buying this as the first sighting of the Kraken in modern times. In the Hudson of all places? Someone had to be behind this.
“I'm sorry man. That has to be difficult.” Tony threw his arm around Steve's shoulder and pulled him into a side-hug. Steve let himself lean into it. He was so fucking tired of being lonely.
Tony didn't know what to say. Wasn't that the fucking joke of the century: Tony Stark, at a loss for words. He strode over to his workbench and started fiddling with something,
In retrospect, Tony should have handed Steve over to Fury with a 'good riddance' the very first time the man showed up. The ugly bastard actually caught him in his office and given the amount of time Tony spent out of his office, that was a small miracle right there. How he had talked his way past Natalie, who was heading the front, was another. He'd stolen Natalie away from Legal for his personal assistant as soon as Pepper had left to go solidify her new status as CEO of Stark Industries. On the surface because she was unflappable and ruthless. Even more obviously because she was gorgeous and he was Tony Stark and it would have been quite unlike himself not to hire her on the spot. Totally out of character, in fact, and really, things had to be as normal as possible right now, with him harboring Cap and the secret of his own imminent death.
But Tony's gone already. The bedroom door is open, his laundry is gone from the couch. Steve drinks his coffee staring out of the back door over the hills, wondering mildly if he's out there with the goats already or holed up in his trailer.
Tony wets his lips and Steve promptly drops the t-shirt he was holding. This is apparently an invitation for Tony to walk, no, prowl forward and crowd into Steve's space. Steve wants to do something, anything, to show Tony that he's an active participant, that he can take control, but he can't. He's frozen on the spot, quivering with equal parts anticipation and apprehension. He's not capable of taking that step, he realizes with a stab of resignation, it really does take a pushy asshole like Tony for anything to happen with Steve.
Anyway, that is how Tony ended up just inches away, his hand cupping Cap's jaw, as if he were the prince who had just kissed Sleeping Beauty awake, when Steve opened his eyes.
To hide his smile, Tony wrapped his arms around Steve and hugged him. It took a second, but then Steve hugged him back. That felt really, really good. Wow, the man was large. Aware that they were standing in the middle of the restaurant and probably blocking traffic, Tony pulled back reluctantly. Okay, now they were both smiling awkwardly at each other and there was more blushing. Which was adorable.
They do dishes. Steve washes, but when he tries to hand Tony a dripping glass, he doesn't take it. Tony looks pinched and nods sharply at the drying rack, so Steve puts the glass down slowly. Tony snatches it up and dries it vigorously, seemingly completely absorbed in the task. Steve puts the next glass directly into the rack.
“You in the closet, Steve?” Tony doesn't move that Steve can see, still, his presence feels closer. Steve shakes his head again. He's not. It's not a secret, but it's not something he has talked about in years. It hasn't been relevant.
“You gotta stop making unilateral decisions based on what you think I am thinking without talking to me. I thought that'd be obvious after you didn't speak to me for a week for no reason after I'd pulled you out of the Cave of Sinners.”
"Yeah, yeah. Sure. And I know you went on that cruise ship with him, but Tony..." Rhodey hesitantly touched a card of the world's largest frying pan with just the tip of one finger, as if he expected it to dissolve into smoke.
“I'm going to need sulfur to lower the ignition temperature. It's known as brimstone in these good ol' days. You know, like the whole Fire And Brimstone thing? We should be able to find that a couple of days north west of here, where they do salt mining. It is practically on the way. And I need saltpeter as an oxidizing agent. There happens to be a lot of that in bat guano.”
He bit back a sob when he felt a faint flutter under his fingertips. Rolling Tony onto his side, he watched a bit of water spill out of his mouth and nose, then he rolled him back onto his back and started giving him mouth to mouth again. A few breaths into it Tony started choking and flailing and Steve rolled him over again. Tony vomited up great gushes of water and bile and then he opened his eyes. He managed a weak "Steve?" before he passed out again. This time he was breathing for real, though he was wheezing and rattling alarmingly.
A little pool of dread settled in his stomach. No. Nonononono. It couldn't be. Loki wouldn't send him back in time. He wouldn't do that to Steve. He wouldn't.... Who the fuck was he kidding? Of course the asshole would. That is why he had been so insufferably coy about the 'where' question. Tony closed his eyes in exasperation. And took a deep breath. Let loose a string of curses and took another deep breath. No satellites, no power lines. Of course there weren't any.
That night Tony lay awake and wondered why he was the one currently stuck in a castle o' witches and not Sam or Natasha. It couldn't possibly be that Steve hated him more than he liked them, could it? He couldn't have misread their relationship that much. They bickered, of course, and Steve drove him up the wall with his holier-than-thou judgy face and Tony made sure he was extra obnoxious around Steve so as to return the favor. But he'd always felt there was mutual respect or even an unspoken agreement that they were kind of playing a game, rather than expressing real dislike. That Steve was walking away from their altercations with a smile on his face, like Tony was. That they were actually a bit fond of each other. Possibly because Captain America had been his hero, growing up, and Steve, because Tony reminded him of Howard. Maybe.
The next morning the two of them set off for the witches' castle. It was twilight on the second day of travel and they'd just decided to make camp, when Steve spotted a green flicker of light against the darkening sky in the east. It was too far to tell what it was, but a sudden clench in his gut told him this was it. This was where Tony was. He nixed any further discussions of camping and told Percival flat out they were pushing on.
“Like you want to throttle me, and fuck me, at the same time? And maybe hug me after? Yeah, I know the feeling, Cap.” Oh, how Tony knew that feeling. There was a gasp from the spectators. Steve went beet red, but Tony didn't miss the way his breath sped up and his lips parted.
Like an unexpected stumble over a loose paving stone, Steve was faced with the fact that these hermits might actually know things other people didn't, like Lancelot had claimed. He blinked in disbelief.
“You are looking very well this year, Mr Stark,” would be the inevitable follow up and Tony would smile and nod and retort just a little too sharply.  Steve watched in silent astonishment as the boy he’d come to know over the past weeks withdrew within a suit of invisible armor. Dozens and dozens of witches and wizards remarked on Tony’s appearance, emphasizing the quality of it this year. So many that Steve started to wonder. This year as opposed to last year? What had happened- Oh!
and barely spoke. It wasn't until everyone had gone back to bed and Tony was finally starting to feel better, that he noticed Steve was gone. It was kind of odd. The way he had been freakishly aware of Steve's presence for the last week or so, it was strange to have lost sight of him the way he had right now.
Steve is busy pushing back against Tony's fingers, reveling in the feel of them jammed up his ass, but wanting, needing
"Oh yes. So much concern," the thing said mockingly. "I look forward to possessing it soon, in all its freshly tainted glory."
“He’s spent three months glued to your side, Tony, he’s seen plenty of the real world. Any longer and he’ll start thinking that you are normal. Besides, the cat is out of the bag, and I need him right now to draw attention away from your fuckups.“
“Pajamas!” yelled Tony and threw a piece of metal at him. Steve flicked his wand and a pair of flannel jammies patterned with red and gold gryffindor lions flopped onto the floor.
Tony thought back on the near destruction of New York and begged to differ, but he wasn't stupid enough to voice that opinion. The important bit of information here was that this demon, or whatever it was, considered itself more badass than Loki, which was worrisome. Also, if Tony wasn't mistaken, there was a little bit of unfriendly competition there. That made it unlikely he was dealing with Satan himself, because the latter should be able to blow Loki out of the water. Without batting an eye. For the time being, Tony was going to guess mid to high level minion of the Lord of Hell.
of their interaction, of all things. As he was searching for something, anything, to say, Thor had apparently decided that they were moving around too much and wiggled out of his sleeping spot on their thighs. He started butting his head against their clasped hands, demanding to be petted. Abruptly, the tension seeped out of Steve’s hand and as he let go, both of them started to scritch the tiny body. Thor let out a happy little sigh and flopped back down, this time mostly on Steve’s thigh.
He had to disengage. The questioning look on Steve's face almost made him dive back in, though, so he momentarily closed his eyes in order keep his focus.
"No doubt," said Steve, "Let's do another lap, shall we?" So many things he wanted to say. So many things he wanted to tell Tony and ask Tony, but he couldn't say a word. The silence continued for another few minutes. Steve found it oppressive. He wished he hadn't mentioned his empty heart or come up with the stupid Oz stuff, he had not meant to make Tony down or to shut him up. It was unnatural.
"Tempting," said Tony, "I'm sure I'll look edible in chaps and a tuxedo jacket. Do they come with a matching jock strap or will I be dangling?"
Steve dug into his food with a grim determination. Maybe he could hang out with the younger kids this year. That would be alright, wouldn’t it? He looked up from his food and found Tony’s eyes on him, a sullen look on his face. Averting his eyes, he caught three of the 13 year olds staring at him. They giggled and blushed and started elbowing each other. Right. Maybe not. Despondent, he turned back to his food.
He'd never admit it, but after that, Steve's voice in his ear during missions became a source of comfort.
Steve clambered off the bike a little awkwardly, his muscles stiff after the long ride.  He shook his head trying to shake the buzzing in his ears. Next to him Tony practically yelled in his ear.
“Nah, at least my memories are consistent again. Consistency is good. There is much to say for consistency. Can we talk about something else now?”
"You look fine. Your hair is long." So was Tony's. And his Van Dyke's was longer too. "But you haven't lost any muscles, praise be." He continued. "Care to lose the chain mail and get comfortable? I have lots of questions, dude."
"It was the Grail?" He said, almost panting with the struggle. "Sire, you must allow me to search for it. It is what I was born for. I need to-" He fell back down on the litter with a little gasp.
When he found his voice, he turned to King Arthur and said: "I am going too. I swear I will find this demon and vanquish him."
“Okay. I believe you.” Steve firmed up that notion in his mind and turned back to his apple. It had given up all pretenses of appledom and reverted back to being a comb minus one tooth. He was going to do this. He raised his wand, hesitated, then lowered it.
Tony blew out an audible breath. "I heard a noise behind us and went to check it out. Then my section of the corridor went dark, but I could still see light around the corner. When I reached the light the gate was swinging and there was someone with a flashlight a ways ahead, so I followed. They were talking pretty loud so I found out that apparently these two thought the tour was 'lame' and they decided to go see some sections with more skeletons in it. Also, because grown ups are lame too, they thought it would be hilarious to knock out the light. What wasn't so hilarious was that they had no map and got lost within 5 minutes and that their phone flashlights lasted about 7 minutes before completely draining their batteries. Good thing I carry my own personal light at all times." He tapped his chest. "To top off the laundry list of shitty decisions only 15 year olds can make, one of them circled back and tried to jump me from behind when I came over to offer said light and a chance to return. You're carrying him."
"And so is your smart mouth," countered Steve as he rubbed his hand in Tony's hair. It was insulting and patronizing, but Tony could not help pushing into it a bit and when Steve's hand trailed down and came to rest on the back of his neck he wasn't even remotely interested in shaking it off. God help him, he liked this handsy incarnation of Steve. This really wasn't going to end well.
“Oh yeah, I know that one. I believe that one says ‘Come fuck me through the mattress. Now!’ In fact, it reminds me of the time when Draco-”
Daylight came and Tony woke with a start, disoriented and wondering why the hell he had slept in the armor in wet grass. Then it all came rushing back and he knew he slept in the armor precisely because the grass was wet and he had no blankets. He'd stayed up for hours alternately wondering why he was here instead of Sam, worrying about Steve's well being and plotting Loki's slow and painful demise. It had been spectacularly unproductive and eventually sleep had won over the need to keep the armor pristine. Now he sat up and looked around him. The fog had lifted only a little, but there was some watery sunshine coming through the wisps and visibility was dramatically improved over last night, even if it wasn't one hundred percent yet.
Steve wondered if he wanted to know what a bike with Tony’s spirit would be like. He imagined it being powerful, proud and… dangerous. Something dark and joyful curled low in his belly.
"I guess so." Steve drummed his fingers on the table. "I still need to find Bucky, though. I wish he would let me find him."
That seemed like an excellent system for manipulating gullible masses, Steve thought. Of which there were plenty in this day and age, too.
, Pepper?" Tony complained as he stuck a postcard of the World's Largest Ball of Yarn to Dummy's charging station, which was covered in cards by now. Pepper looked up from her seat on Tony's workbench where she'd been bent over her tablet.
"Don't be ridiculous," Tony retorted, a little weakly, "Spiderman is way more scrawny." But he was wondering the same thing. Who the hell
Tony looked up from his calculations. "Del? Maybe he's meeting Corbin for lunch. We moved his lab here, the other one obviously wasn't secure."
Tony wasn't even pissed. Something was horribly wrong with him, obviously, because getting dragged into pointless shit like this was an excellent reason to be pissed. But when Steve slung an arm around his shoulder and started steering him away, yammering about where the best tree lots were, Tony was remarkably fine with it. And even with life in general.
Steve and Tony arrived at the bluff where they had last seen Percival after an hour or so of hard riding. Only Bors's horse stood there, with wild eyes and heaving flanks and covered in sweat, but there was no sign of either man. Steve jumped off his horse and gestured to Tony to do the same. Making their way to the edge of the cliff they peered down. About twenty yards below them Percival and Bors were in the middle of a battle with what Steve first thought was a giant snake, but the small fins and way it was fighting them from the water made him realize that the proper term would be sea serpent. The monster towered over the two men, and even though it was two against one, the fight was far from fair. Their swords didn't seem to do much harm and neither man had brought a lance. Their footing was precarious on the slippery rocks with the waves washing around them and pulling at their feet. The serpent kept threatening to snap their heads off and it wouldn't be long till it succeeded. Steve looked aside at Tony, who shrugged.
“Good morning, princess,” Steve smiled despite himself. “I think we can conclude that the sleep compulsion won.”
“Just out of curiosity,” Rhodes continued, “Are you that Stark from Stark Industries that is supposedly lost in Europe?”
Hope, the fickle bitch, flared up like fireworks on the fourth of July. The more Steve grilled the man, who was a little taken aback by this sudden interest, the more he was convinced this could only be Iron Man.
Redditch had stopped smiling. "It is important for us to know how you would react under a potentially hostile situation, Captain."
Steve turned, his mouth full of sandwich, and waved curtly. Tony didn’t know what that meant, and he didn’t think Steve did either.
Slowly, Steve pulled away and hovered right above Tony's face, pupils blown and looking deliciously mussed up. Tony was about to protest again that he didn't need a fucking nap, when Steve said: “You know we'll still argue all the time, right?”
Tony lifted his head a little to get a better look at Steve's face. He shook his head ruefully then dropped it heavily back down.
Steve scowled. “You have no fucking idea what you’re talking about, Tony. This isn’t even about you. It may or may not be just a fuck for you, and thanks for making that sound cheap and ugly, I kind of felt it was more than that. Whatever. But when I walk out that door you just roll your egocentric little ass over in your warm little bed until you’ve decided what you’re going to wear and what you’re going to have for breakfast. And what am
.” His voice was so soft Tony barely heard it. Oh God.... Steve was still a virgin. Okay, okay. Deep breath. Regroup. Well, that explained the constipated faces out there, anyway. Tony was obviously going to go to hell for dragging out that little game. He closed his eyes and tried to think of the right words to say. Mess this up and they could kiss their cover goodbye. Steve wasn't so good an actor. He lifted his head and looked Steve in the eyes, his big, beautiful, blue eyes that looked so very vulnerable right now.
“Figured you'd be one of those people who can't even begin to function without coffee,” Steve said as he poured himself a cup.
Tony scrambled across the table and the next moment Steve had his arms full of genius. He gratefully clung to Tony with all that he had. He didn't recall ever hugging the man before, but it felt like home. He held on until Tony started to wheeze a little and then he let go with alacrity and held Tony at arm's length.
"Wait a minute," interrupted Tony, "Back up for a sec. The Winter Soldier is Bucky Barnes? As in 'died tragically in WWII' Bucky Barnes? Holy fuck... Did Hydra catch him?"
Things were off in the weeks after Steve left. Part of it was that Tony felt ashamed about how he’d lashed out after misunderstanding what Steve had been trying to say. It wasn’t like Steve hadn’t told him how it felt for him, that evening they had sat on the couch. And still Tony hadn’t even considered that angle and had gotten really bitchy. Somehow, he’d convinced himself that everything was normal now after they had had sex, because he cared about Steve and that must have made everything magically alright. Or something. He blamed Meg Ryan movies for that one. But mostly himself.
Just when Tony had had about as much company as he could take and was considering going back to his workshop, despite the fact that he really wouldn't mind another cookie or two, it was unanimously decided that the tree was ready for decorating and Tony was pulled along in a flurry of ornaments, popcorn garlands, tinsel and Steve's wreath cookies.
He was cut off as the serpent flexed and the ship groaned under the pressure of its tightening body. As one, the men ran for their swords. Tony ran too. It was going to be too slow. They would never be able to cut through that much sinewy muscle before the boat was reduced to matchsticks. Not even if Steve unleashed all his super powered anger on it, it wasn't going to work. He dove for the bag with his armor in it. One gauntlet, he just needed one gauntlet to work for about a minute. Surely the reactor had enough juice for that?
"And? Did they ever find anything interesting? Shipwrecks? Mermaids? Downed planes with super soldiers in them?"
"Good. I think it's time to get the lights out, don't you? Give me a flashlight." Cecilia dug into her pack for a good 5 minutes while Steve tried to keep a lid on his impatience. She handed him one. At least it seemed to work. Small blessings.
"Why don't all people go to heaven, angel? Why do they sin? Why can't they follow the righteous path? It is so clear when God lights our way." Galahad sounded genuinely puzzled.
He hates the way saying that makes him feel like a weirdo. He's not weird... Well, he is a little weird, he knows that. Other people aren't like him. He himself wasn't like this. Before Afghanistan. But he isn't doing anyone any harm, so it's fine. He's functioning, he has a job and he's not suicidal. He just has had enough upheaval in his life that he likes things calm and predictable now. It's fine.
When he finally stood in front of Steve, his heart was beating in his throat and his palms were sweaty and he just stood there for a second, struck dumb by the blue of Steve’s eyes. What he wanted to do was kiss him and hug him and never let go. With the reporters crowding behind him, he had to settle for shaking Steve’s hand firmly and squeezing his shoulder, briefly, while they traded stilted pleasantries. It was woefully inadequate. When Bucky stepped up and wrapped Steve in a bear hug, Tony had to suppress a snarl at the unfairness of it all. Especially when Steve closed his eyes and just kind of collapsed against his friend, barely staying upright as he clutched fistfuls of the ugly mall cop uniform. Tony thought he heard a choked off sob. He knew he was standing too close, crowding Bucky’s back, but he couldn’t make himself back up as he clenched his fingers into impotent fists.
“You have no idea how rare that attitude is, do you?” Steve said softly. “I can’t remember the last time someone treated me like a person and not like a nuisance. Or an opportunity. It’s a little scary, actually. I’m not sure I remember how to be a person.”
“I would hope that if my father was an Elven king, he would have shown up after this.” She pointed to the bruise.
appreciation for the chiseled jaw....." He sounded distracted when he added: "And the chiseled abs... and the chiseled biceps.... and triceps... and the chiseled pecs..." His hands were no longer tugging on the shirt. Steve sucked in a quick breath when he felt them sliding down his arms and chest instead.
Tony got kind of used to Steve being mildly confused and eager to accept Tony's authority when it came to said current events, so it came as quite a shock to come back after his first time out as Iron Man (dealing with a terrorist attack in Chad) to a Steve that had his arms crossed in annoyance and was actively glaring at him. Tony looked behind him to see if there was anyone else Steve could be mad at. There wasn't.
But now she had let him down by actually letting someone into his office that he hadn't specifically greenlighted ahead of time. It was an imposing motherfucker, too. Although it
"And then the Big Guy would smash your tree and your cookies would be the last of your worries. Honestly, Clint." Bruce gave him a sad smile. "Actually, I feel a little angry just thinking about it..." With that he snapped a cookie in half. "Whoops. Sorry." He quickly shoved one half in his mouth and tossed the other to Sam, who followed suit.
Yeah, well, so did Tony, they hadn’t even fucked yet, but then again, Tony wasn’t going to be around for this mythical ‘longer’ so why was he fighting this? He sighed.
He strolled over, making sure to roll his hips and plastered himself to Steve's other side, drew Steve's arm around his own shoulders and interlaced their fingers, making sure to flash the wedding ring that matched the one Steve was wearing.
Steve cracked up and after a short moment of mortification Tony did too. He collapsed on top of Steve burying his head in his shoulder. God, he was such a failure. But Steve was still shaking with laughter under him, and that made it impossible to to start freaking out. A little while later, Steve pulled up his head and kissed him, the smiles still pulling at their lips. Before long though, they were both panting as Tony finally figured out how to move and not fall apart at the seams immediately, and they gave up on the kissing. Steve threw his head back against the pillow with a loud moan and Tony pushed back up onto his hands to get better leverage. On the other side of the wall, Bruce cranked up
“Thank you,” Steve mumbled, and his hands relaxed. Tony let out a breath he hadn’t known he was holding.
It took Fury three days and four hours to get through, and that was a pretty poor showing. The SHIELD IT department was obviously a barren wasteland when it came to intellect. And Tony wasn't counting hours since he'd last seen Steve, he really wasn't, because that would be crossing the line between mildly obsessed and pathetic. And that he would never admit to. It so happened though that JARVIS helpfully supplied the hour count every time Tony barely even twitched an eye, because his fucking AI was moping too.
“Ok, so next....” Natasha started as they were all standing outside the skating rink, Tony wobbling a little trying to get used to not having two millimeters of metal strapped under his feet.
Lancelot's face went through a handful of emotions: irritation, fear, determination and anger. He finally looked at Steve with anguish in his eyes.
“Actually, that quote is 'You can't expect to wield extreme executive power just because some watery tart threw a sword at you'. The quote you're thinking of is 'Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords, that's no basis for a system of government.' You mixed them up,” he said.
“That is weird too. How does someone under 30 and with the lowly rank of captain end up with stratospheric security clearance?”
Tony rolled his eyes. "Steve, this is Clint Barton, also known as Hawkeye, hence the bow and arrows. Barton, this is Captain Steve Rogers, the other half of this mission." Steve mumbled a "How do you do?" but wasn't exactly standing down. "Now what the hell is this about getting out? Fury pretty explicitly told us to stay and wait for Hydra."
"You weren't in your right mind, Sir Percival. The ill humors in the smoke were messing with your head. You cannot be blamed for the things you saw."
“Nope. Not giving you an out. I am not leaving those kind of decisions up to you. I think we both know how you screw them up.”
So much for being inconspicuous. Tony flushed and darted a glance at Steve. The man was staring down hard at the soapy water, but there was a little smile playing along his lips, so all seemed not lost. Still… Tony picked up a wet scrubbing sponge and launched it at Clint’s head. Because he wasn’t Clint and his aim sucked, he missed, but he did manage to hit the table right in front of him, causing a small shower of dirty dishwater. Clint let out a stream of curses but stopped abruptly when Natasha cuffed him upside the head. She expertly flipped the sponge over Steve’s head into the sink and that was that.
“House elf magic is a little different. So when the headmistress wouldn’t let me bring him to school, I had his portrait painted and took that. Almost as good, especially since the Hogwarts elves are afraid of him.”
Just….what? Steve eyed the fallen machine, which alive or not, looked most decidedly, and eerily, dead now.
Instead of finishing his sentence, he pulled something out of his coat that looked a lot like a plug of hair pulled out of the shower drain. Except that theirs were usually more reddish blond than black and grey, because Natasha and Thor shed the most, volume wise. It took Tony a moment to realize he was looking at a very wet, very still kitten. It was breathing, judging by the way the tiny little chest expanded occasionally, but it obviously wasn’t well.
"Okay, slow down, Bugs Bunny," Steve laughed, placing his free hand on the back of Tony's neck, while trying to catch a rapidly descending drip of gelato with his tongue before it hit his hand. Tony stilled immediately and sucked in a breath. Steve looked at him, Tony glared back.
"I didn't ask." He'd been dying to ask, but it had seemed a surefire way of setting Steve running. And it had felt like that would encroach on trying-to-fix territory, where Tony had forbidden himself to go. Didn't make it less frustrating, though.
To be honest, though, the lack of a party scene at his current location was kind of doing him good. He had a (prototype) StarkPad full of new ideas for Stark Eco Tech and Stark Consumer Tech products that should be able to persuade even Pepper that the shift away from weapons manufacturing wasn't going to be the deathblow to SI that the entire board (and stock market) seemed to think it was. He had caught up on all the newest publications in all of his chosen fields (and a few outside of those), that he'd missed while being hosted by Afghan Club Med. He'd fired off a few suitably scathing letters to
"Oh!" Cecilia looked taken aback, "well, when the light is on it is not much of a problem, because there is only a small part of the corridors accessible, and they will find us or another tour group, but in the dark it can be scary."
“Because.....?” Stark sounded hesitant, correctly sensing he was about to enter a minefield. Steve said nothing. “Okay, I am shit at emotional stuff, I truly am, and I am guessing that is what this is and not an issue with a torn hamstring or an allergy to sequins or something. Normally I'd be the last person I'd recommend explaining this shit to, because my reaction will be inappropriate at best and likely make you cry at worst. But this is really important to the success of the mission and I'm your only teammate, which sucks for you, I can't even express how much, I am really an execrable team player. But I can't help find a solution if I don't know what we're trying to fix.”
Faced with the evidence that Steve really, truly was Captain America Tony tried to deny that he had any feelings for the man. Feelings for Steve, maybe. Possibly. Captain America? Hell to the fucking no. When he worked up the guts to look at some of the old pictures of Howard and Steve and Peggy, he wanted to claw out his eyeballs. His father, with that smug, superior smile that Tony absolutely hated and had wanted to slap off his face every time it had been directed at himself. Steve, who of course looked fantastic in the old style uniform and somehow seemed even younger and more innocent than he did now. This Steve wasn't shivering and whimpering in his sleep, dreaming about endless years frozen in ice. Aunt Peggy, young and beautiful and unmarried and everything a guy like Steve would want. Did want.
"Excellent, excellent. At least we'll be traveling back in style to our horizontal skyscraper. Steve, this is my driver and body guard, Happy Hogan. Happy, this is Captain Steve Rogers, aka Del Porter."
Tony was about to object he was going to miss an important Stark Industries board meeting and that Pepper would be angry, but he figured that would be met with derision. Justifiably so, since he hardly ever bothered to show up for those.
"I don't know, now, do I?" She put her tuna in the pantry. "He could be an expired tourist, still, or something else we haven't considered." Walking away, she punched him lightly in the shoulder as she passed. "Just make sure you use condoms, yeah?"
And then they were off on a comparison of food they’d eaten and places they’d been and baseball games they’d seen and by the time his feet were sore and his stomach started rumbling, Tony was feeling the first pangs of homesickness he’d felt in years. He was going to finish the PhD in a few months and Professor Yinsen had already secured his Post Doc position afterwards, but maybe he could save up and take a few weeks in between for a visit. As long as he avoided Obie, it’d be nice to see the place again. Steve obviously loved his country, the way he was talking about it, and Tony wondered again what had happened to him. How he’d ended up here, without the will or the means to go home.
“Don't worry, my master has me under perfect control.” Tony made JARVIS say. He sounded like Tony had kicked his puppy.
Tony did prime numbers in his head to stop himself from grabbing his own cock and just spurting over Steve arching body.
It had been raining for days. Not the soft, happy April-showers-bring-May-flowers type of rain, but a cold, nasty, near horizontal rain that stung his face when Tony biked to the faculty building and that managed to drench him despite the raincoat and rainpants he wore. He had taken to keeping a dry pair of shoes and socks at work, in order not to be miserable all day. The damp smell of wet clothes permeated the building and the hot drink vending machines ran out of “soup” on Tuesday. Thank god Tony had his own coffee maker in the lab and his own supply of cup-a-soup.
"Hello Tony. Not surprisingly, you failed to be inconspicuous. Not that I expected you to, of course. Standard paparazzi protocol will be followed. JARVIS will have called you a cab already. Another cab will meet you behind Rome Termini Station that will take you to our local Stark Industries building. In this case you'll meet your ride back to the cruise ship in the parking garage. Thank you for winning my bet for me, sweetheart. I am sure Director Fury has excellent taste in champagne." The lady smiled and waved at Tony before the message cut off. Steve was surprised Tony wasn't cursing a blue streak. Instead he was smiling and shaking his head.
Tony found the last of Clint's cookies with a little help from J.A.R.V.I.S. and poured them both a glass of milk, while Steve climbed onto a stool at the breakfast bar. Tony stood across from him. He waited until they'd had at least three cookies and Steve had refilled his glass of milk.
He felt Steve smile against his skin, and then Steve lifted his head and said fondly: "I missed you more, you idiot."
Oh. This was about Steve. This was only Steve's second Christmas out of the ice. Tony had no idea what he'd done last year, he'd been a little busy with people that could turn into fire and rescuing Presidents, but it had probably been rough on Steve. He didn't have decades of practice dealing with loss and loneliness. Not that having Tony around would make any difference to Steve, Tony thought, because he was shit at being good company during the holidays. But apparently it was painful to Steve if anyone was alone, even Tony. Even if Tony didn't care.
, maybe even the truth, once they were out of here. He'd sprung into action before remembering that some of the moves he was using weren't considered feasible for non-enhanced humans. And he realized that could potentially turn bad. Very bad, because Tony would be pissed, or hurt, or very likely both. But that was some indefinite thing in the future and right now he was almost giddy with the sense of finally
Someone must have alerted Tony to Steve’s indecorously rapid approach, because Tony whirled around right before Steve got there. His grin was blinding. Steve couldn’t help himself. He grabbed Tony by the hips and pulled him closer. Then he couldn’t seem to let go. Tony’s grin wobbled.
"Well, that was stupid, Stark," Clint joined them at the table. "Now we now that you'll be lying when you tell us that you have another commitment and you'll have to spend the day with us."
Nothing but a guy he desperately wanted to fuck. As of, like, half an hour ago. It had only been three hours since his morning coffee but now Tony was in agony. They were at the pool and Steve had taken off his robe and started swimming laps in the pool and Jesus fucking God, the guy was flawless. He'd had a general idea, of course, you can't hide that kind of body completely under clothes, but it had not even been close to the reality of being exposed to all that gloriously soft looking skin moving smoothly over the superbly defined muscles. Granted, the skin was a bit of a disturbing color due to the spray tan, but, you know, muscles
"So, what did it look like?" Steve had switched back to Old English or whatever they were speaking. Such a well mannered and considerate boy.
Scunthorpe-the-Medieval-village looked exactly like what Tony had guessed a Medieval village called Scunthorpe would look like, except maybe even more muddy and depressing. It had been raining steadily for the past few hours and when they arrived around dusk the sagging houses were shut tight against the weather and the streets could easily be mistaken for shallow rivers. Tony's cloak had turned out to be only moderately waterproof and he was cold, wet, tired, hungry and absolutely miserable. His mood was equally dismal. He hated this place, he hated this time and he hated the fact that he was stopping himself from bitching about it at length, like he had every right to, because of some vague Steve-related concerns. Apparently now that they had leveled up in friendship Tony had a new found need to not disappoint him. It was really inconvenient, but there you had it. To be honest, that feeling had been there for longer than he cared to admit, but where it had been previously limited to battle situations, now he also seemed to care what Steve thought of him outside of those. He couldn't wait to shake off those kinds of irrational thoughts. And just as soon as that stopped feeling like he was kicking puppies, he would.
Steve wakes up at 5 am with a full blown anxiety attack. For a good fifteen minutes he thinks he is going to die, until Gwenna pushes her head under his arms and he remembers to exhale and exhale and exhale and then inhale more evenly. Then it slowly subsides. He gives up on going back to sleep and makes his way to the shower. He stands under the hot water for a good twenty minutes, drought be damned, while he replays what happened last night. His ass his sore, but he doesn't care about that. He feels like shit with the come down of the adrenalin from his little episode, but under that he feels sated in a way that only a good fuck can accomplish. And he feels more... alert, for lack of a better word. Steve wonders what has happened to his fragile inner peace and how the hell he can get it back, before he flies apart completely.
"Tony! Please!" he bit out. But Tony must have taken that as encouragement, rather than the warning that it was, because he peeled the wet briefs over Steve's cock and let them snap in place under Steve's balls. He thought that probably ought to be uncomfortable, but instead he felt a thrill at the way his balls were pushed up by the elastic.
“Well, if you like orgasms, it did. I suppose there’s a few people out there that would disagree, but not as many as you’d think.”
The thing flickered again and hissed disdainfully. "Loki! He is a child! The god of mischief. Pshaw. What is mischief but child's play?"
“Did they grow you in a lab?” Tony blurted. The captain's impassive face went even more deliberately bland. “Sir.” Captain Rogers had evidently decided not acknowledging Tony was the wiser way to go and addressed Fury instead. Not necessarily a bad decision, although he supposed it might get tedious eventually. Given enough time he was sure he could remedy that, though.
When Tony opened his eyes he couldn't see squat. He was lying on his back on some grassy hill, looking up into a sky that was dark. The stars were obscured by a dense fog. Lovely. His fingers were still tingling a bit, but looking at his hand, he noticed that the glowy sphere was gone. He managed to sit up. Shouldn't leave the armor in the wet grass for too long. Titanium alloys didn't rust, but still. It just didn't seem like the wise thing to do. He tried a beam of light, but it just reflected on the mist. So that was pointless. Right.
It was turning twilight when he noticed a mob of people in the next village over that was so focused on something, they hadn't noticed him approaching from miles away. Huh. That was different, worth investigating. He flew closer.
Steve went a little wide around the eyes. Tony spoke softly: "Come on, Del, for God and country," and placed his free hand at the back of Steve's head tugging gently. Steve didn't resist and Tony took that as a yes. He meant the kiss to be short and chaste, he really did. He was 99% sure that if Steve had been kissed before it had been limited to women and the last thing they both needed was for him to freak out about Tony's beard being part of the proceedings. But Steve latched on to him as if Tony was the only person left in his world that made any sense at all. He kissed Tony as if he was about to fly off on a suicide mission, and that was just.... Stronger men than Tony, who hadn't been lusting after the guy for days, would not have been able to resist that. Tony didn't stand a chance. He fisted his hand in Steve's hair and softly bit the plump bottom lip that had been tormenting him for what seemed like eons. When Steve gasped at the sensation of teeth, Tony tilted his head more and added tongue. Steve made a startled little noise that turned into a needy little whine and pulled Tony closer. Tony eased his leg in between Steve's and ground his erection against Steve's thigh. Totally lost in the heat of his mouth, in the sensation of Steve wrapped all around him, the feel of him under his hands and against his dick, it was a shock to the system when Steve pulled back abruptly. Abdel and Yamilla had come around the corner. Steve urgently pulled Tony away.
"Oh, Tony. Good." Steve flopped back down onto the mattress, unfolding his limbs and suddenly there was a lot less room for Tony and his face was flush with Steve's impressive deltoid. "I'm sorry for waking you up, I didn't mean to." Of course Steve would apologize for having a nightmare.
"But you would have a castle full of sin-" the man tried again, his face a mask of righteous indignation. Steve frowned at him harder.
Steve lifted his head slowly, determination evident in the shape of his mouth. He was bracing himself, Tony could tell. And rightfully so.
"Natasha Romanov. Pleased to meet you, Captain Rogers." She smiled a thin smile that didn't make her look all that pleased.
Steve dropped down into a chair and buried his face in his hands. Tony gestured at the other chair before he flopped onto the couch. Rhodes sat gingerly and set his briefcase down next to him before he spoke.
Steve dropped his kit next to his bunk, and flopped down on it, too tired to put it away right now. He was hot and sticky and there was a metric ton of dirt sticking to the drying sweat on every exposed bit of skin. Afghan dirt was nasty stuff, it got into the smallest crevices and into your pores and it was like superglue. Impossible to get off without scrubbing off a layer of skin, and it was
“You know,” said Steve conversationally, while helping him up, “this competitive streak of yours is really unattractive.”
Tony quickly lubed up his fingers and then slid one in next to Steve’s and wondered at how smooth and warm it felt. When Steve pulled his own fingers out, he eagerly pushed two more in. Steve let out a shuddering breath. The sound of it went straight to Tony’s crotch and a rush of power went through him. He started kneading Steve’s inner thigh with his left hand while he watched the fingers of his right hand move in and out. Steve had rolled onto his back and splayed his legs as wide as he could spread them, his fingers scrabbling ineffectively at the sheets.
Another unidentified object was sailing towards Steve’s head. This time he ducked and didn’t change it to forget-me-nots until it had almost hit Tony’s bike. Tony shouted in outrage and then it was
Steve alternately laughed and eye-rolled his way through the Stark Expo events. They were watching the dress rehearsal when Steve said:
“Tony! There’s a litter of kittens in the back alley. Get rid of them before they sneak into the cellar and make themselves at home.”
"Sorry about that," he whispered to him, "But I told you I wasn't in the mood for fucktards. Can we go drink our desserts now?" They almost ran into a waiter, but Steve swept them both to the side as if Tony was one of those life size cardboard cutouts and that was just a little bit hot, to be manhandled like that. Steve dropped his arm, but before Tony could protest, Steve turned him around so that he was facing him and placed his hands on Tony's shoulders.
Making it up as he went along, he came to a hover right over the woman's head and turned to face the mob. He smirked behind the face plate as they staggered back a few paces and their expressions changed from rage to confusion to fear. But then they cycled back to rage and surged forward again, shouting gibberish and throwing rocks at him. He raised his arms and fired the repulsors at their feet to push the crowd and their torches away from those dry branches.
Percival crossed himself and the lady and her boat instantly burst into flames and flew screaming up into the sky. The four men were taken aback by the sudden violence of it.
"Hello! My name is Elaine. I am not a witch. And that is Sir Anthony Stark. He is not a demon, though his armor is possessed. He's French." She nodded for emphasis.
"You... with the..." Tony flailed, "Oh fuck it, come here." He batted the gelato out of Steve's hand and Steve made a surprised noise of protest, over which Tony whispered: "I'll buy you a new one in a minute, soldier. Come
"Did he really? I would have payed good money to see that, Nick Fury bowing to Steve Rogers' will. I actually miss the motherfucker."
“Alright, fine, I’ll come vouch for my sanity, but there is really no need to drag Steve along for this.”
“You have my word, Tony. We have a strong case for PTSD and shock. You’ll have him back as soon as we can manage.” He dropped Tony’s hand and gripped his shoulder.
Then things had changed again, a few nights ago when Tony all of sudden had found himself telling Steve things he hadn't even told Pepper or Rhodey. Ugly old nasty things that he normally shut away in a remote corner of his mind, because they made him feel lost and vulnerable and lonely. And Steve hadn't flinched, had even seemed grateful that Tony had given him those ugly things and all of a sudden Tony hadn't felt so lonely anymore. Still vulnerable, but somehow he trusted Steve not to exploit that. Which was weird, because Tony had had to learn so many times that he couldn't afford to trust anyone like that, but apparently you could trust against your better judgment too.
Tony wrapped his hand around the back of Steve's head and pulled him in for a kiss. Steve, as always, knew just how Tony wanted to be kissed. This one was tender but insistent and it felt like coming home. It felt like catching your first breath after swimming under water for just a little too long. The softness of his mouth melted Tony's spine and he turned around and wrapped his arms around Steve's neck for support. Steve slid his hands down to cup Tony's ass. The pressure of his large, warm hands made Tony moan a little and Steve deepened the kiss, sliding his tongue into Tony's mouth, where Tony wanted it. Tony slid his leg between Steve's thighs and pushed his erection against his hip, needing the pressure already. Needing to be closer. Steve pulled his mouth away and Tony made a incoherent noise of protest.
"It pains me to say it, but you are in no condition to travel, Sir Galahad. I can not permit you to go anywhere until you are healed."
“I wish I could have been there for you. I wish I could have talked to Howard when that was going on. I feel like I failed you, somehow.”
would work on an inanimate object, when it it was as animated as this, even if wasn’t alive, or maybe it was, when the house elf in the portrait yelled.
"Have you guys tasted the cookies yet?" Tony looked wistfully at the table where Clint kept piling up more cookies every few minutes. The smell was killing him.
He wasn’t disappointed. Steve was leaning against the railing along the canal across the street when Tony stepped outside. In the bright light of the spring sunshine he looked worse than he had the night before. More gaunt, more pallid and today he didn’t look so much like the weed tourist who had been on the road too long, but more like the homeless nomad Tony suspected he was. For a moment he was tempted to just give Steve the 25 guilder note he had in his wallet and send him on his way. What was he even doing, seeking this guy’s company? Fellow American or not, Steve obviously had problems that were way over Tony’s head. It’d really be much wiser not to get involved.
It had been close to a week of this odd camaraderie when Steve considered throwing in the towel on his most recent assignment. It was nearly 11 at night anyway, he was so tired his focus was shot, and the fucking comb just would not transfigure into a real apple. It looked like an apple, but he knew it wasn’t. He glared at the thing sitting on the workbench. Then sighed at it.
A few minutes later, after several twists and turns, he came to a section where the light was still on. Not a power outage then, he thought grimly. They must have cut a wire. He briefly considered running back and letting Cecilia know but decided against it. They were safe for now and he couldn't spare the time. He did stop to look at the place where the wire ran along the wall and noticed that it hadn't been cut but someone had smashed a connector box with a rock. Primitive, but effective. Then he noticed it. Something he would have run right past if he hadn't stopped to check out the box. One of the gates barring access into a side corridor was slightly ajar. The lock had been practically rusted through, so a solid kick must have been enough to open the thing. That is where they must have taken Tony, and likely the twins too. As hostages? A diversion? Didn't matter right now. Steve pushed through the gate and started running.
The next morning when Tony and Steve finally made it in for breakfast, the kitchen was full of balloons that happily proclaimed 'It's a Boy!'
"Oh wow! Look how many words he's graced me with! Why, that's more than he's said to me, cumulatively, since I pulled his ass out of the Cave of Sinners. And here I thought he'd been replaced by a Captain America blow up doll."
be in the kitchen and to minimize his exposure to Steve, who was seriously starting to cramp Tony's style by being funny and considerate and earnest and adorable and unfairly fucking gorgeous. But how could Tony be expected to stay in the workshop when he could smell cookies? He briefly considered nailing his hand to the workbench with a screwdriver, like Jesus on the cross, but thought it might be considered a bit of an overreaction to imaginary cookies. Besides, that would be referencing the wrong holiday. And with his luck, Steve would be the one showing up with bandages and concern in his eyes and Tony didn't want to explain that particular 'accident' to Steve.
“Okay,” says Tony and it breaks Steve's reverie. He doesn't even know what is okay. Steve's mom not coming home or Tony sleeping in her bed. He looks for a sign in Tony's face that he is humoring the weirdo while looking for a way to escape, but the face is carefully bland now. It hasn't been this bland before and that kind of says it all, doesn't it? Steve wants to punch something, but he can't do that while Tony is watching. Tony's eyes flick to Steve's hand that is twitching with the need to ball into a fist and Steve forces it flat onto the table. He waits for Tony to say something, but the man just gets up and starts clearing the table. He washes the dishes too while Steve sits and stares at his hands wondering what the fuck he is doing. Finally, he manages to get up and grab a dish towel. As he picks up the first glass and starts drying it, Tony throws a quick smile his way.
Dinner isn't half as awkward as Steve had feared. For one, it is kind of nice to see someone obviously appreciating the food you've made for them and Tony rapidly shovels down two helpings before he slows down on his third. Steve doesn't remember the last time he cooked for someone else, besides the semi-obligatory potlucks with colleagues, which are never at his mom's house. And secondly, goats turn out to be a topic that Tony can talk about at length. The firm he works for is called Goats-R-Us (“Yes, seriously. Don't look at me like that. Nobody consulted me.”) and the goats are here to eat all the vegetation that forms a fire hazard this time of year. He goes on about native plant cycles and invasive species and erosion hazards and ground nesting birds and Steve finds himself nodding along and smiling. Tony is good company. He is obviously piling on the charm and Steve wonders where he is hiding the jumpy, angry man he met first.
"Oooh, you're right! Building stuff is like a mating ritual for Stark!" Clint crowed, and he continued in a deep David Attenborough stage whisper: "Here we see the rare Iron Stark with its remarkable red and gold plumage making its offering to its intended mate, the Blue Spangled Rogers. The Rogers is puffing up its star covered chest and flapping its arms, as part of the mating dance. This has never been filmed before in the wild! Any minute now, we'll see the Iron Stark respond to the mating dance by presenting its rear end for mounting..."
“I see you dropped the Consumptive Poet look you adopted last year,” the man said. “Too bad. I think I am next in line to inherit this place if you croak. Very inconsiderate of you to give me false hope like that.”
"Pardon me, Sir, but I meant that Captain Rogers' temperature has risen faster than the current ambient temperature could have achieved. He..." JARVIS paused and that was so unusual that Tony looked up questioningly at the speaker in the ceiling, as if JARVIS was residing there; something he hadn't done in years.
So Tony shrugged and did the best he could to create an inconspicuous carrier for the shield, but it still ended up looking like his bodyguard was an
and he managed to reduce the bucking thing to trembling. Sweat was dripping into his eyes and he gritted his teeth trying to maintain the focus on both spells at once.
"So anyway. My next guess would be that we need to find the thing that can take us back. I considered a portal, but since that is not how I got here, I don't think it'd be the way out. The law of simplicity says it'd be that blue sphere that Loki used."
"I... yes. If Del...." He glanced at Steve. "If Del is..... amenable, she would let me watch while he fucks her. If I behaved well, she would let me... um... eat out her pussy afterward." Oh yes, this was definitely gleeful cringing. Tony was torn between needing to cover Steve's ears, being insulted he wasn't invited to that particular party and double checking that Abdel indeed had a humiliation kink as well as a cuckolding kink. Steve's choked off gasp wasn't unexpected, but it irritated him. Of course he was the one left to deal with this while Steve was having a purity crisis or something.
"For fuck's sake, Rhodes! One: You're indoors. Two: you're in civvies and three: you outrank Steve. You can't possibly expect him to tell you stand down, it would go against all military protocol and that's, like, Steve's religion.
“No. I am done with treating this like it’s temporary, Tony. No more counting, no more pretending we are gonna quit any day now. We’re going to make this official.”
?! In a military chopper last I saw. Listen, you fucking fuck. I have had it with your fucking head games! I am quitting your secret boy band! I am taking my toys and going home. Go manipulate some other dumb schmuck. I don't give a flying fuck. We're done.” And with that Tony cut the connection. Fury immediately tried to call him back. Tony had JARVIS put him on hold indefinitely with elevator music.
Five of the women chose the convent. He knew it was useless to try and convince them that they shouldn't be ashamed and feel obligated to hide away from the world, unless he could convince the rest of the world to see it that way too, but he still felt like he'd failed them. He hoped the nuns had more compassion than these so called knights. He assigned Gawaine and Lancelot to escort this group of women. And after a brief argument it turned out that Gawaine and Lancelot did take orders from Steve after all.
He ran his hands through his hair and winced at the texture of the 'product' as the spa lady had called it. She had seemed excited about the platinum blond Tintin quiff, the almost orange tan and his plucked eyebrows and he hadn't wanted to offend her with his lack of enthusiasm, but he doubted he had pulled it off. He must have looked as uncomfortable as he felt. He absently rubbed the nipple piecing that had already healed under the pink polo shirt he was wearing. Stark called it 'salmon'. Whatever. Useful modern word that, he liked that word. Exchanging his dog tags for the silver medallion had maybe hurt the most, although having the hair on his balls removed probably scored higher on a purely physical pain level. What even was the point of that? It looked weird, it felt weird... he had not been this smooth since he was 12. Even now he felt the urge to wiggle to get comfortable in the skimpy briefs and the weirdly short long pants. Stark called them 'capris'. Whatever.
And now he's home from school and there's a trailer in his driveway. Steve gets out of his mom's car and studies the flotsam and jetsam around the trailer. A rusty bicycle leans against what looks like an old kiddie pool. Off to the side sits a rickety camping chair, a folding table, a dolly, several trash bins, and a pile of hoses. The clothes line stretching from the trailer to Steve's fence has a grimy towel and a plaid shirt thrown over it. There is no owner in sight and Steve wonders if he should call the local police department. Surely there are zoning laws that forbid people to just set up trailers in the suburbs. Not that he wants to be the guy who kicks out some poor vagabond or migrant worker, but come on, the thing is practically in his driveway. Steve wonders if he actually remembered to lock his sliding doors this morning. He hopes he did.
He reconsidered the bag of coins. The knight had withdrawn to the edge of the square, watching warily and obviously praying Tony would take the bribe and he, as the local law enforcement, wouldn't have to commit suicide by demon. Tony knew he was going to need clothes. And lodging. And food. And lots and lots of alcohol, to deal with this clusterfuck. Sighing, he swallowed his pride, snatched up the bag of coins and a loaf of bread from one of the tables. As he picked up the bread he heard a crying sound come from somewhere below. He stuffed the bread into the sack of coins and sank onto his haunches to look under the table.
"You have an ill fitting monstrosity you got off the rack at Marshall's. Which I am going to burn as soon as I can pry it from your cold, dead hands."
He had a point, but that didn't mean Tony was ready concede said point. Tapping away at the screen aggressively, he offered:
Steve collected his leather gauntlets and his knife and pulled another stick out of the fire, copying Tony's procedure before he started scraping the charred wood into the bowl.
"Us people," Tony cut him off, "Are people. People who realize it is completely pointless to try and shoehorn some common decency and tolerance into your brains saturated by Fox news, your megachurches and your Tea Party, so we will leave you to your regularly scheduled ranting about Obamacare.” He paused and tried to look contrite. “Oh dear, am I making sweeping and totally unfounded assumptions based on what you are wearing? How terribly judgmental of me! So sorry! I will strive to be more open minded in the future.” Tony moved his chair back and got to his feet, pulling an unresisting Steve with him. He slung an arm around Steve's waist and smiled in triumph when Steve reciprocated. “Have a pleasant evening, I hope tomorrow's dining companions are less offensive to your delicate sensibilities and that all your grandchildren grow up gay. Goodnight." And with that he turned them around and started steering Steve away.
"Tony tried. But if the information isn't digital he's useless, really. He got stuck after that girl's family cashed a check from you in Bethesda. But between the cards you sent and the copies of the letters that the army archived it wasn't that hard to follow your trail and to start to predict it. Typical spy work. It's what I do."
"Then he cannot be all bad." She came inside and looked Tony over. "I can't do much for him. The infection has taken hold and he will have to fight his way through it. But I can give you garlic and yarrow for the wound and willow bark for fever."
"I know, I know," Tony whispered, "PDA, it's not you. I'll try to keep my hands to myself, but you make it so goddamn difficult, Steve." And with that they separated and continued on their way in silence. Until the next gelato pace anyway, where Steve wanted another peach cone and Tony started bitching at him to branch out, for god's sake, live a little and what the hell was wrong with pistachio or mango.
Both breathing heavily, they stared at each other for a while. Tony swallowed hard. He was here. His Steve was here with him and he could take him home and he was free and they could do whatever the hell they wanted and Steve still loved him. It was almost too much to take in.
A couple of days later all visible ice had melted from Cap's body, although JARVIS assured him the process wasn't done yet, because internally, the body was still frozen. And what a body it was! Cap was a beautiful man. Really, the pictures hadn't done him justice, what with the strong jaw and the chiseled cheekbones. And he had been flawlessly preserved by the ice. There wasn't a blemish on him, not even the slightest sign of freezer burn, even though his outfit was much the worse for wear. Tony could just feel himself basking already in the reflected glory of presenting the public with their fallen hero. Maybe even Dad would have been proud. Tony snorted. Yeah, right. Still, he must have stood there for quite a while, in the little room, just staring at this beautiful stranger who used to be his childhood hero.
“He’s… He seems fine.” His voice sounded weird even to his own ears. He looked aside at Steve to see if he’d noticed, but that was a mistake. Steve was looking at him and he was very, very close. It was as if the air had been sucked out of the room. He didn’t know if he was moving or if Steve was moving him, but the next thing he knew they were standing face to face.
"Tony." Steve's tone was soft, but brooked no argument. Tony rolled his eyes but did shut up, while Steve gently started prodding Percival to figure out what he did know. Which turned to be not all that useless after all.
"I think I'll go spend some time with my aunt down south. She's always on my case about spending the holidays with them. She is still pissed I missed Thanksgiving. Wanna come?"
"Yeah! My grandma says all those holes were for dead people and those are really small so they must have been for dead babies. They should make a railing here, so you don't have to touch the dead babies if you trip." The lady holding on to Steve's arm beamed up at him: "I did tell him that. Just to make sure he wasn't going to go climbing into one of those holes before he realized what they were. He still climbs onto the paper towel display shelves in the grocery store. It's a thing."
Once he had climbed down, he went towards the light. He found Steve, Percival and the hermit in a fairly small low ceilinged cave. The hermit was sitting cross legged on the floor of the cave grinning at Tony while both knights were slumped forward from what had presumably been a kneeling position. They were right by a crack in the cave floor that was emitting the fumes. Tony suppressed the urge to run to Steve to see if he was alright. He either was or he wasn't, but Tony had the distinct impression that he wouldn't be allowed to run off with Steve right now. And there was the tiny little problem of Tony not being strong enough to lug the dead weight of the man up and out of the manhole, even if there was no opposition. He eyed the hermit warily, pacing slowly between the two knights. At least both of them were breathing. Having verified that, he backed up a little, putting more distance between himself and the seated man. The silent stare off continued for minutes and then the hermit grinned even more widely, as if he knew something Tony didn't know. When he finally spoke, his voice wasn't anything like Tony remembered from that morning. It gave him the chills.
It feels like a slap and Steve freezes inside, panicky feelings of failure and being a disappointment raring up out of nowhere. He struggles with denying them access to his face as he forces his eyes to look away from his wrists and at Tony's face. The expected anger or exasperation isn't there, though, Tony looks uncertain, but like he' s trying to hide it. As the adrenalin leaves his system in a rush, Steve realizes that maybe Tony would even look scared if he wasn't trying so hard not to.
Fifteen more minutes. Tony had to hold out fifteen more minutes and then this whole Christmas thing would be officially over and he could go back to his regularly scheduled life. And lick his wounds or something, but they'd never be able to prove that. He'd shown up on Christmas morning and it was fine. He gave them gifts. Tech for Bruce, deadly tech for Natasha, techy arrows for Clint and a ridiculous (cashmere) scarf for Steve. Which he was really happy with because he lost his. Lost being a relative term, of course. Just because Steve didn't know where his old scarf was, didn't mean that Tony didn't remember where he'd been keeping it. Steve gave them all drawings of themselves and Tony loved his.
“You still have some scales...” he whispered, swiping his thumb along the sensitive spot under Steve's ear, sending a shiver down his spine. Then Tony curled his fingers around Steve's neck and pulled ever so gently, like a question. Steve could have easily pulled away, there was barely any pressure at all, but at the same time he wasn't sure if he could have even if the whole world would have suddenly gone up in flames. Instead, it was like his body went up into flames as Tony's mouth closed over his. His breath hitched and when the flames died down he felt like he was drowning, Tony's mouth his only lifeline. He couldn't tell who moved first, maybe both of them, but suddenly Tony's body was plastered all against his front and his other arm was wrapped around his waist possessively and Steve had never felt so much bare skin in his life. He couldn't help the moan that escaped him, it was glorious. And then Tony's tongue was in his mouth and things were even better than glorious. His hands slid out of Tony's hair and made a soapy trail along the muscles of his back and Steve reveled in every little dip and bump he felt under his hands. When he reached the swell of Tony's ass it was the most perfect thing he'd ever had his hands on. Then Tony's teeth were on his bottom lip and he reflexively jerked Tony closer. Tony's erection landed hard against his hip, hot despite the coldness of the water, and the pressure of Tony's groin against his own dick shocked him into opening his eyes.
Steve mutely held out the two little black furballs and Tony thought he might be blushing a bit. Bruce stood up and dipped a finger in his yoghurt. He brought it closer and the kittens started licking his finger with little pink tongues.
Steve watches him leave. He feels a little used. A little dazed. But most of all he feels an aching chasm of confusion, trepidation and bewilderment. What the
Suddenly, they hit the wall behind Tony, because apparently Steve had been pushing him backwards and Tony surged forward, ripping his mouth away from Steve's. Steve wanted to protest but Tony yelled: "Dude! Dead babies in my hair! Get off!" Trying and failing to catch his breath, Steve brushed Tony's hair. A little frantic and uncoordinated, admittedly, but a man could hardly be blamed for that. Eventually Tony stopped squirming and rested his forehead against Steve's shoulder. Steve immediately placed his hand on the gray head, holding him in place.
"What is it?" Tony asked on entering, checking for any signs of change. Cap looked the same to him, a little eerie in his silent beauty, maybe not as deadly white and his head might have tilted a fraction to the right. Tony came to stand by his shoulder, peering down at the peaceful face.
about finding the Grail, unless it was attached to Tony. And that seemed highly unlikely if virginity was a requirement. He really wished all this Grail stuff would just go away.
"Babe. Let him go. He's not... It's not what you think. It's not Hydra, it's a stupid, stupid prank." Tony pleaded with him. In a daze, Steve let go of the boy, who turned around and slid down the wall and buried his head on his arms, crying some more. Steve grabbed Tony's upper arms and pulled him closer. He felt warm and real and Steve just didn't understand what was going on, but he knew he didn't want to let go.
“Oh, for Merlin’s sake, you’re overthinking this!” Tony grabbed the comb. He ran to the other side of the workshop and launched the thing at Steve’s head.
He pointedly ignored Natalie on his way out, but he could have sworn he saw a tiny smirk out of the corner of his eye.
“Army.” It's easier when Tony isn't looking at him, Steve finds. He's not sure he would have answered otherwise. “Afghanistan,” he adds after a pause.
"Please do," mumbles Steve, but with the sharp look the man throws him he thinks he must have heard. Which is fine, because honestly, Steve doesn't feel as bad about the whole invitation thing, now that it means both sources of noise pollution have been silenced. That was his goal, after all, so he got what he wanted. That he also got a stranger in his house suddenly doesn't seem so high a price to pay.
The voice came from Bucky’s bed, but it took Steve only half a second to wake up enough to realize it wasn’t Bucky who’d spoken. Even if it was common enough for Bucky to wake up with that exact phrase on his lips. He flipped over in bed and smothered a grin at Tony’s affronted look as he took in the red and gold bed curtains. He had a spectacular case of bedhead, made worse by the copious amounts of glitter that were still embedded in his hair.
“Well, it looks like you’re trying to fight a wall, but- oh, hey, kittens. There really are kittens.”
Tony's voice was soft and urgent. "Dane, listen to me. Your brother is not dead. He's just knocked out. He jumped me and I tasered him and he hit his head. I don't think he's badly hurt. He's lucky I wasn't carrying my repulsors, though, or he'd been fried. That was an exceedingly dumb thing you guys pulled here, but see, Josh is already moving. He'll have a headache and possibly a concussion, but he'll be alright. We'll go back now and find your grandma, who I am sure is worried sick about you two, you moron." Steve crouched next to Tony, needing the proximity. He looked at the kid's tear streaked face in the blue light of the arc reactor and finally stopped wanting to beat the crap out of him for scaring him like that.
"Hold that tree for a minute, will you?" Tony dropped his end, watching Steve out of the corner of his eye as he fumbled with the unexpected shift in weight, but then regained control with awe-inspiring efficiency. So much for trying to trip up Captain America. But at least his face wasn't doing that thing anymore. Tony bought a bag of chestnuts, the warmth of which felt like heaven on his frozen fingers. He congratulated himself on his excellent ideas. Steve was watching him a little wide eyed, tree on one shoulder (hell yeah, beefcake lumberjack!), as Tony made his way back to him. When he got near though, he was suddenly faced with a dilemma. The chestnuts were for Steve, but there was no way Tony was giving up the deliciously warm bag and there was no way Tony could walk, peel chestnuts, keep hold of the bag and hand the peeled ones to Steve all at the same time, even if Steve carried the tree by himself. Fortunately, he spotted a bench not too far away.
good. Tony's hand wrapped around his and the sight of both their hands on both their dicks made Steve whimper. It took a few tries but then they settled in a rhythm that rapidly started building into a crescendo. It wouldn't, couldn't last, not when Steve felt like he'd been waiting for this forever but he held it back by sheer force of will. Minutes, or hours, later he buried his face in the crook of Tony's neck as Tony arched off the bed and spurted hotly over their joined hands. That was enough to push Steve over the edge as well, his orgasm hitting him like a sledgehammer, ropes of come streaking Tony's chest.
"Cecilia!" he grabbed her arm to turn her towards him, "What is going on and what is the procedure?" Cecilia looked irritated at the interruption until she got a good look at Steve. She almost purred. "It's likely a power outage, they happen quite often. The back up generator usually comes on within 20 minutes and we have to wait until it does."
“She's fine. Well, maybe not fine, per se. Not as bad as she was after she dumped me for breaking my promise by unretiring and breaking her heart in the process, though. That was six months ago, she's probably alright by now.” Better than Tony, anyway. He was also better than he had been, but he wouldn't call himself fine yet. Comfortably numb, maybe. Which was a whole lot better than hurting like hell.
It's Tony stuttering his name that pushes him over the edge.  His hands come down -not on Tony, he barely manages to avoid going for Tony- gripping the edge of the seat as he surges up and slams his hips into Tony, the orgasm quaking through him. His hips miss the edge of the seat, though, as they lower again and Steve's come down becomes an awkward flail as his ass slides to the floor, ripping him out of Tony. Tony curses, then gasps and come strikes Steve's shirt as Tony collapses on top of him, banging one of his knees on the floor in the process. He doesn't seem to notice.
In retrospect, he shouldn’t have taken the call. For one thing, he was in Chad yet again, and any time Boko Haram wanted to call it it quits and become productive citizens wouldn’t be too soon for him. He was facing heavier than usual opposition, this band was better armed and better organized. The anti-aircraft guns couldn’t penetrate his armor, but he kept having to recalibrate his flight path through the shock waves.
Clint was indeed baking cookies. He had both ovens going and batches of what looked and smelled like gingerbread dough and sugar cookie dough. He was in the middle of a complicated dance that involved rolling dough, cutting shapes, filling trays, swapping out trays in the ovens, moving hot cookies from trays to wire racks and cooled cookies from wire racks to platters. And he was drinking beer.
"Excellent. Well, we'd better lower the ambient temperature then, so he won't spoil before we can get an embalmer in here. Refrigerate him, JARVIS."
Steve's moan cut through the quiet of the cave and both Tony and the demon turned their heads to look at him. He was still in the same slumped position, but the dopey, happy face he had had before was now transformed to something that Tony could only call... well, he could be kind and call it 'aroused' but honestly, this could only be Steve's sex face. Tony shouldn't be surprised. As hung up on virginity as these people were, it followed logically that the sullying of Steve's soul involved losing that. At least in his mind. Yet, Tony hadn't been prepared to witness it. He wanted to be a decent man and look away, but that was really fucking hard. No pun intended, but shit, if Steve ever looked at Tony like that, things would be hard and there would be fucking. For days. He tried to drag his mind out of the gutter and focus on the ugly thing in front of him, when Steve drove the final nail into Tony's coffin by moaning again and then panting:
“Well, truthfully, I am here right at this particular moment because a little birdie slash Russian spy told me she’d have my balls if I didn’t fix this.”
“You’re not horcruxing me into that bike, Tony.” Even though it was a beautiful and brilliant bike and Steve was dying to take it for a spin. It was Tony’s turn to roll his eyes.
home, not just me. In fact, Loki specifically mentioned you were my ticket back, so don't even think about nobly sacrificing yourself to send me home.”
Then Steve lifted his head and Tony wondered where the hell he went and why. Opening his eyes and looking up he saw that Steve was curling in on himself to look down between them. He was breathing raggedly. Tony followed his gaze and, oh fuck, the sight of their dicks sliding in and out of Tony’s fist between the curtains of Steve’s loose hanging dress shirt… Both of the heads popping through Tony’s slick fingers, together. It was hot as hell and Tony wanted to spread his legs wider, to spread more for Steve, but he couldn’t because of the seat back.
"Hurry it up, Stark, I hear more of them coming, pounding down the hall." But Tony was busy trying to figure out how to shoot the balcony guys through the glass. They had just noticed Tony and were turning towards him, when the man on the left took a flying leap backwards over the railing. Which didn't make any sense, until Tony saw Steve climbing onto the balcony. The other man jumped towards Steve, who kicked him in the center of the chest and then sent him flying after his friend. Tony swallowed hard. Steve looked..... fierce. Exhilarated. Vibrantly alive.
Elayne cheered up considerably with Florrie around though. He managed not to feel too insulted by that.
Steve shrugged and turned on his heel. His ass looked mighty fine in leather, as he walked away though. Tony wondered if he'd ever get to touch it again.
“Now I am ready for a nap,” he admitted. Steve straightened his clothes and made a face at his shirt. Then he pulled it off and made to get off the bed.
“I said, I need a couple of parts, but they're easy ones. I'll go down to Radioshack and ACE Hardware in the morning. There's nothing more I can do tonight, so I'm going up.” He winces a little as he rises out of his cobbler's pose and stretches. Steve's gaze flies to the line of his torso, the muscles moving under his shirt.
“Hey Tony! If you’re bored, come over and fix the kitchen stereo!” That was Clint shouting in the background.
The demon looked at him intently. Now he was hermit shaped, but his eyes had elongated pupils and shone a sickly purple. Tony'd almost rather have him drop all human guise.
"It's just temporary," she said, "I am sure Tony will insist on getting you something he designed himself when you get back, but I can't have you dropping off the grid again. It's too time consuming to track you down." She finished programming a bunch of people into Steve's phone and then showed him how to use it.
"First I was made to do it," Percy cut in, "but then I started remembering all the hateful things she said and then I started to not mind so much... By the time I was woken up I was starting to enjoy her weeping and crying for mercy. If I hadn't woken up, I think I would have started to enjoy killing her too." He paused and put his bowl aside, appetite lost. "I am a terrible person." Bors was looking a little shocked, like he was torn between agreement and trying to make it right, so Tony said:
"In that case, have you tried my brother Arthur's court? He may have behaved atrociously towards me, but he has a fine nose for picking the bravest of men, I have to admit. They are generally considered the best in land."
Once he'd extracted the air-filtration system out of the armor, together with enough pieces to cover his mouth, nose and eyes (one couldn't risk exposing their mucusy membranes to the toxin) and had pieced them together as well as he could manage under the circumstances, there was only one thing left to do. He considered crossing himself, like Percival did about twenty times a day, but just gritted his teeth instead.
Tony stood on the patio outside the ballroom with Steve at pretty much the same spot where their French friends had had their argument. The masked ball was in full swing in the ballroom, but they weren't the only ones that had taken refuge outside and clusters of people were milling around in the slightly chilly evening. They were standing shoulder to shoulder watching the goings on and scanning for anything suspicious. There were people in evening clothes with masks on and there were others in full costume, both of which made the task more difficult. They'd been scanning for hours and it was getting tiresome to say the least.
It had taken the Avengers months to track Loki down after he'd vanished Steve, and Tony was ready to strangle the man. Leprechaun. God. Whatever he was.
"Not for my lack of trying," said Natasha. "Just take it, Bruce. We'll try everyone in this room just to rule them out and then we can think about whom we can possible have missed." Bruce shrugged and took the ball from her. Nothing.
"She prefers me to be the one to do the talking. It is... part of the process." Abdel seemed a little nervous. Was he being initiated in the organization or something? Were there snipers located somewhere unseen that would take them out if they didn't cooperate? “I am hoping we can make an arrangement.”
"A penny for your thoughts." Steve leaned on railing next to him, shoulders touching. Tony felt something settle inside him immediately, as if the world was just a little more right when Steve was standing next to him. It scared the crap out of him.
So Tony marched back into the hearing room and bickered with Justin Hammer and an exasperated Rhodey and called a bunch of senators 'assclowns', and then he marched back out with Steve at his left shoulder. Less than two inches away from it, in fact. But that surely had nothing to do with the fact that Tony felt like high fiving everybody he met on the way out.
Tony wished the ground would open up and swallow everyone but Steve. Why the hell had he added a cowl to the guy's suit? He couldn't see enough of his face to read him and he needed to. Steve's stance seemed a little uncertain, but it was hard to tell. They needed to
"You make me feel alive," whispered Steve and he must have gotten closer because that was right in Tony's ear and it made him shiver. "You can't imagine how long it's been since I've felt alive." His breath ghosted against Tony's cheek and his hands were sliding down Tony's arms and crossed over to his abs, pulling him against his chest.
“See?” Tony said to Entwhistle. “Next to him, it won’t be too- Oh, come off it, you two! I have no time for this. Guests are coming in less than an hour.”
“He may be okay if we feed him and keep him warm,” said Bruce. “Natasha, can you warm up some milk? Room temperature or a little higher. Not hot, but take the chill off. I have some pipettes in my room that I can use. And we’ll need an old towel. Does anyone have a hot water bottle?”
Steve finds himself gasping at the ceiling when he finally comes down, Tony a heavy weight by his side, his head about level with Steve's chest.
"He has sworn an oath to help me on my quest." Steve's hand was suddenly a firm presence on Tony's lower back. The man had been handsy ever since they'd been reunited, and maybe Tony should say something about that, but he really couldn't find any urgent need in himself to do so. Of course, he'd woken up on top of the man this morning, but that had been an accident and it didn't mean anything. He leaned into the touch, grateful for the back up and felt Steve flex his fingers in acknowledgment.
"You know, Toto." Tony finally broke the silence. "I was perfectly happy in the damned poppy field. The fuck did you need to wake me up for?" And simple as that, all was right in the world again. Steve smiled big and jostled Tony shoulder. Life was absurd, but good.
you to talk science with me. You're.... You make me feel centered and... invested. I don't know how to explain it. You're like yoga or something. You make me feel better about myself. Shit, that sounds awful. But I don't think that would
Tony studied the faraway look on his face. He obviously still didn't want Tony to know, and Tony could respect that. Or he could not, because, honestly, how bad could it be?
“Because the guys I suck off for money in dirty back alleys think a beard makes me look too old, that’s why.”
"On second thought," he manfully changed the topic, "Let's not leave Percy here in Morgaine's clutches. That woman scares me."
"It's your totally manly jawline, sweetpea. It's just too chiseled for ordinary clothing." Steve made a disgusted noise. "Now, now, no disparaging the chiseled jaw," Tony admonished, "I have
Another picture of Fury's desk came in saying “are the people you need in your group today” Tony stepped back and snapped a picture of the tour group gathered around their guide and typed "Anybody you recognize?"
Steve paused in the entrance to the hall and surveyed the scene. Arthur and Guinevere were seated on the dais, with all the knights milling about in front of them, the rest of the keep's inhabitants crowded around them. The shouting turned out to be Sir Gawaine having an argument with his brother Sir Agravaine, which was not uncommon and definitely not something that normally drew an audience this size.
"Tony. Shut up. Listen." Steve paused. Apparently to make sure Tony was following orders. Tony bit his tongue and tried. "Tony. You triggered some memories... that song got to me, that is all. You meant well and that makes it alright. Stop beating yourself up when things go wrong despite your good intentions. As long as you try to do the right thing I will cut you a lot of slack, like
In the evenings he visited nearby keeps to prod the local heroes to come seek him out and the system worked well enough. So far, it was just the rest of the flower of contemporary knighthood and not Steve, though, so he unhorsed them all and sent them back where they came from.
"Oh, excuse me," said Tony, pressing in a little closer, "Just because you bent me over the railing this afternoon doesn't make me the girl in this relationship."
“Possession is nine tenths of the law. Elisa seems to think they might not even fight you for it now that you have it back.”
“He is? I thought lasagna nights were strictly no guests nights,” said Clint, because he couldn’t not be an asshole.
"Tony..." he groaned and he wasn't sure whether it was a reprimand or a plea. Tony whispered: "......nipple piercings..." and Steve jerked when he felt a hot wet mouth close over his nipple.
Back on the bus, Steve sat down next to Tony, who seemed distracted and was staring pensively out the window as they started their way back to the town center. The roller coaster of emotions of the past hour had left Steve feeling unsettled and antsy. The near panic he'd felt when Tony went missing and the anger at the sloppy teamwork were to be expected, although if Steve was brutally honest with himself, both had been out of proportion and well beyond professional. Because it hadn't been just any team mate that screwed up and endangered himself, it had been Tony and Steve was by now feeling a bit unprofessional about Tony. Which was also the reason why he'd kissed him instead of punched him and why the fact that he was apparently attracted to men didn't seem quite as high on the list of things he needed to do some serious soul searching about as the fact that he was apparently wanting to jump into bed with Tony -Iron Man- Stark.
“I heard you, I just don’t know what you’re talking about. Yes, my dad started Stark Industries, and I inherited it, but I’m not lost. I’m right here.”
Steve looked a little embarrassed. "I could probably eat one all by myself if I put a little effort into it. My metabolism, you know. And we have two ovens," He gestured to the kitchen wall that held the ovens, microwave and wine fridge. "So we could make a turkey and maybe a ham too."
"Then no. We will watch the delightful little people of Munchkin Land." Thor crossed his arms to indicate his decision was final.
Steve started straightening his clothes with fumbling fingers and a slight blush on his cheeks and Tony wanted to hug him. Sometimes he was even more annoyed with himself than with other people.
Table conversation started innocently enough. John Deere hat was Jim, Hawaiian shirt was Randy, Tony didn't catch the third guys name, Jim's wife was Helen, the others were Lois and Joyce. Of course it all began with the 'where are you from's and the 'what do you do's , although it was blatantly obvious they were only addressing Tony and mostly ignoring Steve, except for looking at him sideways. Well, Tony had warned him and Steve had overruled him, so Steve could just suck it up. This left Tony to carry the conversation, though, so he gritted his teeth and put his schmooze face on. He had plenty of experience talking to people at boring social functions after all and he was determined not to piss Steve off again by being unprofessional about this shit. He answered questions about his 'job in research' and listened to their mundane work stories with only half his brain.
Goat Man is squatting by a heap of electrical cords and Steve can only see his back. The old grey t-shirt is wet between the shoulder blades and the size of the dark pit stains is impressive. Short damp strands of dark brown hair stick to the back his neck. The cargo shorts are pulled tight around his ass by his position and Steve swallows hard at the way they dip down in the back showing a strip of black underwear and a sliver of moist tan skin where the t-shirt got rucked up and sticks to the man's trim, muscled back. Steve wants to touch that skin, knowing it will be sticky and he should find that gross, but he doesn't. He wants to slide his hands over that ass, too. This freaks him out, because he can't remember the last time he wanted to touch anyone that way. It was before, no
“Oh my god! He was... ew! Gross hair and a gross beard and wearing these filthy rags and he looked emaciated. No way was I going to let him in!”
"How about a trade? A thought for a thought? Or are yours worth more? You've been mighty stingy with them lately."
Tony just didn't know anymore what to make of his feelings for Steve. He almost wished for the good old days back in the tower where they'd bicker and fight. When Steve had been a bull headed boy scout who thought he could tell Tony what to do. The fact that Tony had ended up doing what Steve said most of the time hadn't been relevant in the least. Well, maybe a little bit. Tony had been unprepared for the Steve he had encountered here. The man had been so goddamn happy to see him, and Tony had had no defense against that. To be honest, he'd been so fucking happy himself to see Steve's stupid, pretty face and while he told himself that was just because he needed Steve to get out of this shitshow, that wasn't entirely true. He'd missed the straight-laced, overbearing dumbass, much more than he'd thought he would. And Steve was all smiles for Tony, like he'd never been before, and he'd been kind and understanding and, and... handsy and Tony felt like he'd been pulled under water by a Naiad, happily drowning with a smile on his face.
She smiled. A more genuine one. "It only works when he is on earth. And he breaks it a lot. Tony sees it as a personal challenge to design a phone sturdy enough for him. So far no luck though." She tucked the phone into his leather jacket. "Now, I am counting on you to wander your way back east. Don't take too long. Tony is miserable and he is hard enough to get along with when he is happy. Don't force me to come and kill you." And with that she shook his hand and took off down the road. Steve stared after her for a long time before he went back to his bike.
Tony was not a good skater. In fact, he might well be worse than Clint, who was clutching the railing more often than not. He had explained this to Steve, but Steve's solution had been to hold on to Tony's hands while slowly skating backwards, allowing Tony to find his footing somewhat.
How he wished he could use his full speed. He needed to find Tony and he needed to find him before Hydra did permanent damage. But between the light that bobbed all over the place as he ran, throwing the empty tombs in the walls into crazily shifting shadows and the need to stop at every intersection to check for sound or light clues that Tony might be nearby, the going was painfully slow. Even if he was probably going twice as fast as anybody else would. Steve wondered if Hydra had a fully operational facility down here, or just something temporary to hole up in until they could smuggle Tony out. It would be a good location for them he supposed, if they had a hidden alternate entrance.
His roommates were all crazy in their own way. Thor had been there the longest, tended to wake up at 4 pm and start smoking weed in his underwear in their common room, sometimes dashing to the store in his dressing gown for more cookies before it closed at 6 pm and Tony had no clue what, if anything, he studied. Or even what nationality he was. Clint was in Air- and Space Technology and was forever flying contraptions in the crooked hallways. Usually right at the level of Tony's head. Or practicing darts. He was on a national team, apparently. Tony hadn’t even known those existed. Natasha was in Applied Physics and had developed the tough as nails outer shell that was essential for a beautiful girl in a supersaturatedly male environment. She could reduce a pimply teenage boy to tears with just a look and only started treating Tony civilly after he’d made it through a month of not hitting on her, not even when he was drunk or high. After that, she started treating him more like a little brother, which was both good and bad. Bruce was in Delft on an extended research project for his Life Sciences study in Leiden. He was gentle and soft spoken, but he had a legendary temper that Tony quickly learned not to provoke. All in all, he was pretty content with his current circumstances.
“That sounds like Howard, all right,” Steve nodded and promptly wished he had bit his tongue. Howard was topic-non-grata for Tony, and any time Steve had mentioned him before, Tony had clammed up, glared at him and walked away. Damn. Steve busied himself with switching out branches, purposely avoiding eye contact, hoping that Tony wouldn't do that this time. The silence stretched. Please don't shut me out, Steve repeated silently, come on, Tony, don't walk away...
Tony was putting on the gold details of his third little gingerbread Iron Man, when Clint came over and accused him of cheating.
Steve tore his mouth away from Tony and rested his forehead against his. "Tony?" He sounded happy and uncertain at the same time. Tony smiled at him.
Tony wanted to protest. He felt like a protest was in order, but he really couldn’t think of anything wrong with that idea. Except that he wasn’t going to be the only one with his dick out in this car. He slid his hands to the front of Steve’s pants and fumbled for the button, sorely distracted by the fact that Steve had his hands down Tony’s boxers by now and was shoving them out of the way, one handed. The elastic waistband snapped painfully, yet still somehow tantalizingly, under Tony’s balls. He bit back a curse. By the time he managed to push Steve’s pants down his ass, Steve was already sliding his hand lightly up and down Tony’s cock. He was obviously trying to make it it last longer than 30 seconds and Tony sincerely hoped he wouldn’t disappoint him. He was afraid that at this point he might be able to come from just looking at Steve.  Especially now that he had Steve’s cock in his hand, the familiar feel of it causing a pang in his chest. Steve hissed a sharp breath when Tony started working him, and he faltered for a second, but then he took Tony a little firmer in hand.
“Because this is what my husband caught me doing.” She held out her left palm and suddenly a little green flame was dancing above it. Tony sucked in a quick breath. Actual magic! He didn't like magic, it fucked up perfectly good science and that was just wrong, because science was the best and should always win, but this was hardly Loki-level stuff.
“Sure.” Steve sounded a little out of breath. He pushed Tony into the little hallway and closed the door behind him with his foot. ‘Maybe,” he said, before steering him towards the bedroom, hand on Tony’s ass and lips latched onto his neck, while Tony scrambled to hold on.
So he did. He visited with John Denning for hours. The man was tickled pink with Steve's visit and while they could not establish a direct connection, they spent a lot of time reminiscing about people and places they both had known. Then they'd talked about the years that Steve had missed and what John thought about now versus then, and when Steve left in the early evening he felt whole in a way he hadn't felt since, well, Tony. He stopped by a gas station on the way to a Motel 6 and bought a Rand McNally and some markers. On a whim he also bought a postcard with 'Greetings from Silver Spring' on the front and addressed it to Tony Stark at Stark Industries. He simply signed it 'Steve', not knowing what he should or could say anyway, and dropped it in the mail before he could change his mind. It felt a little weird, like it wasn't even scratching the surface of what would be enough, but at the same time it felt deeply satisfying to have someone to send a postcard to. And if Tony didn't agree with that, there was nothing he could do about it. Steve could send him as many cards as he wanted.
"We'll be in Rome by then," Steve replied, "And it is not my fault you drank too much yesterday. If you're going to be a big man in the evening, you gotta be a big man in the morning. Besides, you'll sweat it out faster this way."
"Don't talk bullshit, man. Half my combat unit would fuck you, and I am not talking about just the women. But they wouldn't be sending you postcards afterward. Not on this scale, anyway. Tony, Captain America didn't just fuck you, Captain America has
“Fuck, Romanov. Think of something. Maybe Coulson will listen if you can convince him his hero is crying into his pillow every night. Anything.”
"Did it involve vomit, diapers, animal suits or me wearing a leash and collar and ass-less chaps 24/7?"
"No, he isn't. His father died before he was born. His mother went a little mad from grief and tied him to her apron strings for 18 years. He didn't see hardly anyone but her for all that time, so he just doesn't really know how things work. Or that some people do not mean well and you shouldn't listen to them." He glared in direction of the camp.
" He barreled on. "Or was it because you couldn't be bothered to make a fucking phone call and tell me you were coming for me?!"
“What justice would you see them do?” asked Lancelot. “Would you have these women tear them apart with their own hands and add to the burden they already carry? Is their loss of virtue not enough to bear?”
“Not a whole lot of experience with this situation, but yeah, I think so. It comes and goes. It's more intense now, but not more frequent. I can manage. Just need to rest now, I suppose.”
"Yeah, you seemed to like that and -" Steve's breath hitched as Tony latched on to the little barbel, sucking it and flicking it at the same time. "And I like it too." Steve was breathing hard by the time Tony finally let go.
Steve made sure to not show any overt interest, in case they were thinking about volunteering him to clean out another castle. It was done, he was done and now he needed to find Tony, before this place drove him crazy. It was strange how he'd been pretty much been resigned to living like this a month ago and it had even stopped feeling like a struggle most of the time. But now that he knew that Tony was here, that there had to be a way out, because even if there wasn't, Tony was a genius and he would
"Come a-wassailing. Thor is here to sing to your health, as lord of the manor, and to sing for the health of your orchards." Steve was having a hard time containing his glee.
Steve gripped his hand and squeezed it hard. He didn’t let go and Tony winced. Now what the fuck had he said wrong? He closed his eyes and wished they could return to the mellow silence of a few moments ago.
First, that there was nothing, literally nothing, that could harm the Iron Man armor in this era. He could rule this country as decisively as Sauron ruled Mordor if he so desired. That wasn't as happy a thought as he would have thought it'd be.
It took a few minutes to get everything ready, then they marched inside. Tristan and Steve in front, swords sheathed, but Steve had his shield at the ready. The others followed with the litter, and Gaheris fell in behind to watch their backs. They made their way to the throne room slowly. A few older servants were crying in an alcove and one young girl, that Steve had always thought was too excitable for her own good, was having a bout of hysterics, while several women were trying to calm her down. He could hear the commotion in the throne room long before they made it to the doors. Several people were trying to outshout each other and could be heard over the din of the excited voices of what seemed to be everyone in the keep who wasn't having a breakdown in the hallway.
"I don't think I've ever been kissed like that before," he blurted. Tony's step faltered for a moment. And he sounded surprised when he answered: "Me, neither."
"Nope. My bet is Sam #1 and Black Widow #2. I don't have a number three. What do you say, Hawkeye?" Tony turned to Clint.
, but Steve stayed put and therefore Tony could not have moved if he wanted to. Every departure was accompanied by a chorus of 'goodnight's. When Sam and Bruce passed behind the couch on their way to their respective rooms Tony heard Sam ask: "How long has that been going on?" To which Bruce answered: "Since they brought the tree home, as far as I can tell." And Tony had a sinking feeling that they were talking about him, that his stupid crush was visible from space and everybody had seen the naked longing in his eyes, but then Sam smacked Steve on the back of his head in passing and called him 'dumbass', so apparently it was something Steve related. He breathed a sigh of relief.
"I can't remember a whole lot, but that sounds like me," admitted Tony. "Why is everything itchy on top of being massively painful?"
“Yes... That. If he is only there to be decorative and won't be involved in the meetings, can't you send someone who'd be more proficient at.... That?” He gestured helplessly at the picture of Del Porter with a look of quiet desperation on his face. Tony actually felt a little sorry for the man, even if he was obviously a stick in the mud and unfairly gorgeous to boot. He just looked so very, very uncomfortable and so very, very sincere. And Fury didn't give a shit.
"The smoke is opening his mind to me. Would you like to see who he's thinking off?" It asked. It almost clapped its hands in glee. "This is wonderful! It is delightfully sinful."
“Seriously? Having the naughty dreams is the bug that crawled up your ass? Must be getting uncomfortable with all the sticks you have up there too. Jesus Christ, I thought it was something I'd done, but you're just having the little crisis of conscience that any 12 year old altar boy who recently discovered his own dick, has had.”
"Jesus, Rogers, way to ruin my slutty reputation." That sounded like an excellent plan, actually, but Tony would die before he'd admit that. "Don't tell anyone I did anything so sappy as making love on a bed. With sheets and everything. Tell me we can skip the candles."
Tony had almost ached at the loss of Steve’s hand when they had gotten up to do the dishes, but he quickly found out that washing up with Steve was just as bad. Or worse. The whole procedure was foreplay. They stood too close. Their shoulders kept bumping. Their fingers kept brushing when Steve handed him wet dishes. And one time, when Tony couldn’t reach the top shelf to put the salad bowl away, Steve took it from him and leaned over him so closely while putting it up, Tony could have sucked a hickey under his jaw without leaning in more than half an inch. If he hadn’t been so aware of Clint and Natasha yakking less than five feet away, he probably would have. All he dared to do now was to inadvertently trail his fingers down Steve’s abs, while the man was up on tiptoes. Steve landed heavily back on his heels and his eyes burned into Tony’s. For a moment it seemed as if he was going to kiss Tony, audience be damned, but then Bruce came back into the kitchen to show off a tired, but very much alive little kitten. Natasha jumped up and came over too. Steve stepped back a little and they all admired Bruce’s handiwork. The look he exchanged with Steve next was less heated, but there was a happiness in it that melted Tony’s insides none the less.
If Steve thought the noises Tony made at his oven were bad, they pale in comparison to the near orgasm he has when he is actually eating the apple crumble a la mode. It's very good, Steve knows this on an intellectual level, but all his brain space is occupied by trying (and failing) not to picture fucking those same grunts out of Tony as he's bending him over the kitchen table. He doesn't taste a thing.
and whatever else you think might possibly help and Clint, fire up the quinjet for a medevac. Tony's dying."
Tony groaned. "Because everything I touch turns to shit." He sounded like a sulky teenager and he knew it. He couldn't help it, though. The trial would last for weeks, months even, and that just wasn't something he could face with equanimity right now.
, Tony could not do anything but arch up to try and get more friction from Steve's abs on his leaking cock while begging for mercy. Finally, even Steve's incredible staying power crumbled and he started slamming into Tony while babbling sappy nonsense that didn't affect Tony in the least. He wrapped his legs around Steve's waist and held on for the ride, his own ability to form coherent words reduced to an increasingly desperate repetition of 'Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, oh Steve, oh Jesus, Steve!' He threw his head back and keened the E on the last one as his orgasm slammed through him, breaking the time-space continuum or something very close to that. Coming down after what seemed like an eternity in the newly broken universe, he landed back on earth just in time to get crushed within an inch of his life as Steve found his own release.
They were silent for a couple of minutes and Tony went back to doodling. Then Bucky turned back to him.
"Steve!" He whispered urgently. Steve frowned. Good, he must be hearing him on some level. "Steve! Do not come. I mean it. I forbid you to come." Steve frowned harder. Tony tried again.
“The house elves will be bringing you hot cider and cookies in the Gryffindor common room in 5 minutes. Best hurry.”
Steve lifted him in one fell swoop and ignored Tony's pointing at the couch. Instead he carried him all the way to Tony's bedroom and, God, he had missed that bed. Hospital beds sucked. Steve deposited Tony carefully. When he tried to straighten up, Tony pulled him down next to him. Steve obliged, but he wasn't looking happy.
. Tony hated that, because, hellooooooo Daddy Issues, and he so wasn't going to go there right now. The long and the short of it was that Steve was rightfully angry because Tony had followed his dick and Tony had no clue what to do about it.
Tony was hit full force with the realization of how much he wanted that, now that he could see a glimmer of a smidgen of possibility of Steve being close by. It was insanity, he'd known the guy for four days. Four. Fucking.
