"Apparently he has been able to locate the four siblings that K fostered eight years ago.  One of the boys now has a child and it came up in the medical record search."  He sounded detached, but John suspected it was artificial detachment rather than the standard distance he usually placed between him and the victims of a case.
During this whole exchange, Sherlock hadn't said a word. He'd continued his pacing, and from where he was he could clearly hear everything that was being said, but he didn't add anything himself. It didn't look like he was focusing on anything in particular; maybe he was just thinking silently.
"For a few minutes.  The little girl laughed and said I made it feel nice too.  The whole time She took pictures."  His whole face had gone red.
"It's fine," Martin said truthfully, although he would have given anything for one of Douglas' gourmet-seeming meals, or airport sandwiches, or even Arthur's Surprising Rice.
“Then Barbara will see you out.”  Mycroft’s assistant appeared like she had been summoned.  She lead John out of the room, downstairs, and into a waiting cab.
"I first suspected when I talked to Phillip for the first time.  Then he rang me that night."  Sherlock turned his head to the side, away from John, and stared off into the distance.  "He tried his best to conceal anything that might give away Her identity, but he slipped and called Her 'She' on one occasion.  That was when I knew."  Another pause.  "Of course even then I had no concrete evidence it was indeed Her.  But I knew and just had to confirm it.  Everything I later found would point towards Her."
"Easy week," Eli said once Peter finished.  "Her brother went back home and it's been nice and quiet."
Sherlock was apparently up all night playing music, or at least for most of it, because every time John woke up, even for a minute or two, he could hear the violin downstairs. He only noticed it had stopped when he was woken up by Sherlock barging into his room and telling him to get dressed quickly because Lestrade wanted to see them at the Yard.
Molly took the stethoscope without a word and pressed it to Martin's chest, and then his back.  She did some sort of cursory going-over of his body after, not making any requests.  "I'd like a blood sample," she said, looking directly at John.  "Right now I can't see any obvious difference, but I want to try to match the blood with the past readings."
"Most of today.  Mum left on Friday for something with work and I left after school, once I'd packed my bag."  He sat down on the sofa.
"And when I said I should just take his hat, he said 'That would probably be best for everyone involved,' and handed it over to me."
“Unfortunately no.”  Sherlock proceeded to type a few things into the program.  “I think if we enter the whole sequence into this program it will give us the message.”
Mr. Ogbeide took a deep breath before launching into the story he had told Sherlock and John so long ago.  Once he had finished, he added "I was worried about how Jennifer would do in care but if it was the only way to keep her safe I would have allowed almost anything."
"We can deal with it," reassured Susan.  They had reached the street then and went their separate ways.
"If he did I don't remember that part.  I stayed with friends the whole time, the Forresters.  For most of the time he was away it seemed just like any other trip.  We had chatted online the whole time he was there and he seemed fine for most of it.  Then at the last week of it he said that he might not be in touch with me until he got back.  And he wasn't.  When he got back he had changed.  Very drastically.  Not just physically, although he was thinner, but mentally.  Jumpy, I'd say.  A constant state of alert.  I'd find him up at night sitting in a chair looking out from the curtains."
While John hadn't expected to wake before Sherlock, he did so. Sherlock was still sleeping draped over him, head resting on his shoulder. He found himself suddenly wishing that the group Gloria had mentioned met today; he was way in over his head. But at the same time he was determined he and Sherlock would ride this out together.
"Mr. George told me to catch up with you.  He'll try to explain everything later."  Victor offered his hand.  John shook it, and Victor spoke again.  "You must be a remarkable person if Sherlock has let you get so close to him.  I'd have never thought he could live with a roommate when I knew him."
A floorboard creaked downstairs, and he was jerked back into reality. From the sound it was clear whoever it was (most likely Mrs. Hudson) wasn't going to be coming upstairs, but it was as clear as an alarm. At first Sherlock felt blurred, like he had come out of a long sleep, but slowly he became more aware of his surroundings.
"I go home and mum yells at me and tells me to go away and the other kids at school tease me and if I know that She's not going to be by and take me to the flat I'll be all alone."  John wished he could somehow comfort the boy.  It didn't seem right to him that one child had to live with all that sadness. It said a lot about his life that his
"Were you aware that Dr. Martin went to have a chat with your mother before your brother came home from school?"  Harvey grinned in a way John did not like one bit.  This must have been her plan all along - make Sherlock feel somewhat at ease before dropping a bomb on him.
Harvey's face fell; it clearly wasn't the answer she'd been expecting.  "No further questions," she finally said.
Around three in the afternoon, John heard someone coming up the stairs.  Considering all that had happened over the last few days, he wouldn't have been surprised if it was Mycroft, but in a few seconds Sherlock came through the door.  He looked even paler than usual, dark circles under his eyes.  His coat and the rest of his clothes were dirty; the only thing not dirty was Hamish, who was tucked under one arm.  "Can you not be too angry at me?" he said before John could stand up.
"Yes."  John's throat closed up and instead of saying more he nodded at her as he went out the door and hailed a cab.  The driver played a loud and obnoxious station where the hosts clearly thought they were much funnier than they were, but John didn't object.  It neatly curtailed the discussion of anything.  Even so, he felt relieved to get out at the court.  Just as his cab left, another came and out came Lou, brown bakery bag in hand.
Dr. Arthur was seated at the head of the table, even though he was the only person in the room.  He was dark-haired and immaculately dressed, like he had been cut and pasted from a magazine.  "Dr Watson?" he said as John and Sherlock went into the room.  "Dr. Arthur."  He extended his hand and John shook it (it felt like shaking hands with a pickled herring) but when he extended his hand to Sherlock all Sherlock did was glare at him.  Looking offended, he sat at the head of the table again.  "What is this investigation you're asking me about?" said Dr. Arthur, who was obviously trying to regain his composure.
"Not exactly, but thank you anyway." John dropped his wallet and keys on the table and sat down in the nearest chair.
This is the first indication of the type of family the Ahernes are, since few of the parents we later meet would be sitting vigil in their child's hospital room. I also wanted to show the behavior that lead to the Yard ruling him out as a suspect. He wants to believe that his daughter really doesn't know the person who abused her, because then he doesn't have to worry that she's
"I was telling horrible lies." He was using the same flat, rehearsed tone that he had used when he said it before. "And I was fourteen and too old for such a childish thing."
"When I went to sleep I was in a hotel in Germany and I woke up here and I'm suddenly taller and everything is different and I've never seen you before in my life." Well, if putting his foot in his mouth hadn't been bad enough, adding another one wouldn't make it any worse.
Once the family had vanished down the hall, Lestrade looked John in the eye before he spoke.  "John, I hope this won't be a problem, but I would like to speak to Sherlock alone.  Just for a few minutes.  You wouldn't mind waiting in the hall?"
"Different things," Sherlock finally whispered in reply.  He was looking at John but it was clear he was not actually seeing him.
"Moira and her brother both did very well on the stand," John said as he walked to the refrigerator.  He opened it and rummaged for something he could heat up for supper.  Finding a carton of leftover Indian food, he stuck it in the microwave.  "Mr. Aherne did well too; you could tell that the defense wasn't getting what they wanted out of him."
"Where is She currently employed?"  Sherlock had been silent for so long that John was startled when he spoke.
"You're not being hurt.  You're at home in your bedroom.  I'm the only other one here.  Sherlock, it's John.  Can you hear me?"  John suddenly wished he had paid more attention in his psychology courses.  He could only vaguely remember the few flashbacks he'd had and didn't know whether trying to talk him out of it was good or bad.
"Last January you went to the park to bring your sister home.  Can you tell us about that?" she asked without the banter used on Moira.
“No.”  John didn’t have the slightest clue what this meant.  He sat himself down in one of the other chairs.
"Known better than what?" John asked his retreating form. He was met with silence and a slam of his bedroom door. He didn't see Sherlock again all day.
“All of those relatives had really died.  They appeared to have really obtained the money from them.  But that couldn’t be proved.”
"Mrs. Hudson thought so too."  John suspected the only reason Sherlock had come home was to have some support when the news came on.
"Who's Victim Thirteen?" John asked.  The sooner all of them were kept up to date the sooner they could go back home.  Even meeting with Moira would be less taxing.
"Did someone say that they would adopt you if he died?" There was a very long period of silence. John assumed she nodded, because Sherlock then said, "They did?" More silence. "Are you afraid of this person?"
"It was a neighbor of his," John said slowly, not relishing the idea of revealing more.  "She let him play in her garden and... Well, for the next ten years she'd..."  He unsuccessfully choked back a sob.
"I will see Her on trial.  I will see Her go to prison.  I will see Her face when Moira and Phillip tell the court exactly what She has done with them."  Sherlock sounded surprisingly matter-of-fact.  "Mycroft will not have to intervene."
Something dawned on Phillip; he stepped forward and took the frog.   He held it to his chest, then looked up at his father.  "Allegro?" he said hesitantly.
"Yes."  Martin suddenly wished he was anywhere else.  At least he wouldn't have to be his socially awkward idiot self if he was alone.
"Twenty-five years.  It wasn't like what you would expect, being married to a murderer.  Edwin was never violent with me.  I'd have almost called him timid.  I was the only woman he’d ever courted."  Once again she looked at the picture of K and John noticed the anger in her glance.  "We lived in England for the most part.  Edwin would visit relatives in Florida but he never wanted me to meet them.  I didn't mind that; the one time I did meet his mother was enough.  He never mentioned much about his childhood, said he couldn't remember most of it.  Every now and then he'd tell me little things.  My guess is that he did remember and just didn't want to tell me."
The door wasn't locked. Sherlock stepped into a small room with a mahogany desk that held a computer, one office chair, one recliner with a bedside type table next to it, and several shelves of books. The book shelves took up almost every space on the wall. There was even a fat volume sitting on the computer desk. Sherlock turned to look at the one closest to the door. Unlike the others, it was crammed with three ring binders. Each one had a white sticker on the binding with writing on it. The first said "Aircraft Accident Reports, 1950-1959." Predictably, the second was "Aircraft Accident Reports, 1960-1969." As he looked down the shelf, he saw that 1970 to 1979 were three sets of binders, and after that there was one for each year. The last one was labeled "Aircraft Accident Reports, 2015." So at least it was the same year here as it was back home. While he didn't much care what an aircraft accident report was, he did want to see what was so important about them that this Martin wanted to keep them, and so he selected one at random and opened it. Inside was a computer print out, holes punched in the sides of the pages and reinforced on the sides. This Martin was clearly a cautious person. He skimmed through the first print out. It was something from the States describing a plane crash in minute detail. The subsequent ones in the binder were the same, although they came from all over the world.
"But I thought it was a woman," Rodney suddenly said. Peter gestured to his fingers. Rodney blushed. "Sorry, that was a stupid question." After Dr. Dodson looks at him Rodney adds "Not anything big. Been pretty quiet actually. She's gone to work every day this week."
John assumed the court would recess for the day, but to his surprise Lou came up to the stand.  "Is there anything you would say to Jennifer if she was in front of you now?"
He wasn't sure what he'd see when he got there.  Unless he was still sequestered in his room, Sherlock would be there, but he had no idea what state he would be in.  When he reached the bottom of the steps he carefully looked out and saw Sherlock sitting on the couch, wearing the same clothes he had worn yesterday, a blanket wrapped around his shoulders.  He didn't turn at the sound of footsteps, which was unnerving enough in itself.  In fact, he didn't appear to notice John at all when he walked in front of him.  It was only when he cleared his throat that Sherlock looked up.  "Lestrade rang when you were asleep yesterday.  He said that he was going to try to get the Ahernes down to the station for a lineup.  He'll tell us when he gets a time."
"Well, if you're going to be that way about it, come up here.  We can do this together."  There was a quaver in Sherlock's voice, and John thought he looked paler than usual, almost ghostlike.  When the two of them were side by side, John put two fingers on his hand and found it icy to the touch.  Without really thinking about it, he took his hand.  Sherlock looked surprised at first, and then smiled wanly.  They walked the rest of the way to the house like that, silently.
Originally this bit included Moira's name, but I deleted it because most doctors want to keep patient information confidential.  John is still very shaken by this; he needs to talk to someone about it.  He doesn't know it will open up a can of worms.
In a very small voice Phillip said, "Yeah.  It had been a while since I had met Her because I told her my fifth birthday was coming up.  She got all excited and said She'd have a cake and presents for me.  And She did.  She got me some paints and a big layer cake.  There were party hats and streamers and everything.  Then She said that I'd get another present if we went to Her room.  I did.  I thought that was special because I'd only been in there a few times before.  We always cuddled and stuff on the sofa.  When I got in there She told me to take off all my clothes and lie down on the bed.  I did and She took off Her clothes and lay down next to me.  She said She was going to teach me to hug like grownups did."  He shrank down in his chair.
John assumed this had something to do with collecting the records of K's victims.  "I think I know what you're talking about," he said reassuringly.
"Well, it was around ten in the evening and I realized I hadn't done any laundry for a week and it was piling up. I'd done a lot of cooking that week; small parties for little shops and a few things for St. Bart's and the meetings they have. I'd put the children to bed earlier, so I figured it would be a good time to get it done." He took a deep breath and swallowed. "I emptied out all the hampers and went down to the basement with everything. I started to sort the laundry and as I was taking some clothes from one of them I saw red on a pair of knickers. From the size, they had to be Moira's. This probably sounds silly, but my first thought was that she'd started menstruating. But I thought for a second and I figured if she had she'd have said something to me about it. And then it occurred to me that it might be from some damage or a tumor or something."
"Okay. We're going to stop now, because this is hard for you. But next time I will ask you some more questions. Is that all right?"
books!  And things to build an obstacle course for Snoopadoop!  And of course we can play Charades."
"Do you think he'll come back?" John asked Martin, who had just put a sleeping Angus back in his car seat.
Mycroft headed for the door, not looking back.  "I'll be in touch," he said before he disappeared from sight.  Once he was gone, Sherlock slumped down on to the sofa, bee still under one arm.  He breathed heavily, like he had just engaged in vigorous activity.
He woke up the second time to the sound of music.  Sherlock hadn't picked up his violin in days, so it was a welcome sound.  That welcome lasted only a few seconds before he realized there was another instrument playing.  It sounded like a flute.  He remembered Phillip Rodgers played the flute and figured as soon as he got downstairs Phillip would be there.
"Daddy's always nice to me even when he makes me eat my vegetables.  Mummy didn't make me do that but she was nice too, except she slept a lot."  John guessed the reason Debra Bena slept a lot was because of her drug addiction.  He did feel relieved that apparently the drugs hadn't turned her violent or horribly neglectful, so Jennifer's memories of her would be positive.  Of course there was still the horrible shadow of what she'd agreed to in exchange for the drug money.
"The trial of Dr. Kelly Martin entered its sixth day with testimony from the victim referred to as Victim Ten and his family," the announcer said.   John expected Sherlock to turn off the television, but instead he stared glassily at the screen.   "According to court transcripts from the trial, Victim Ten said that he had been victimized while receiving care at a clinic for the homeless in King's Cross.  He said the accused used a physical disability as the front for weekly assaults and threatened to abuse his younger siblings if he did not comply.  His parents testified that they only heard about the alleged assaults once he was told that the doctor no longer worked at the clinic.  Defense solicitors argued that his physical disability would complicate the alleged acts to the point where they were nearly impossible to do and that Victim Ten had a potential hip dislocation that needed to be carefully monitored.  Dr. Martin is accused of a variety of sexual assaults against fourteen different children going back almost twenty years.  She maintains her innocence."  The announcer moved on to news about Parliament, but that was not enough to break Sherlock out of his trance.  When it continued for almost thirty minutes, John got up out of his chair and tapped him on the shoulder.
A funny thing to say, he thought. If you had told him a year ago that he'd be going to a therapy group and look forward to its meetings every week, he'd have laughed himself into a hernia. But a year ago he had lived in a pre-K world. No, since it was the beginning of December he had only lived in a post-K world for ten months.
Sherlock looked over the fence before following him in. From the looks of the yard, geese did indeed live there. He supposed the shed near the back of the garden was the goose shed. He'd have to take a good look later.
"So you love your daughter, but not enough to prevent her from being prostituted out?"  Harvey seemed more furious than she had ever been before.  John wondered silently if that was because Mrs. Bena was such a good witness or because even Harvey found her crime appalling.
"Indeed.  His mobile is not registered in his mother's name.  It is registered to a Bruce Rodgers.  I also discovered that Phillip is registered at school as Phillip Benton, his mother's last name."
"You do understand that when he says that he's not expressing a desire for the sex.  If his family was emotionally neglectful and he had no other friends, that relationship is literally the most significant he's ever had.  He has to imagine that it was based on some real love instead of this woman's sexual appetite.  Otherwise that relationship is meaningless."
The office itself was small, dominated by a dark oak desk and several shelves of books.  A few lounge chairs faced the desk.  The curtains were half shut.  Mycroft sat himself down in the desk chair and without preamble said “Do you know that the past few months have been the first time in years that I have not been intimately tracking five different people’s finances?”
"The woman said something but I don't remember what it was.  She took her clothes off then.  I really tried to get away then, because I'd never seen a naked woman before and it didn't seem right, but it was too much effort.  I felt like everything weighed a hundred pounds."  For the first time, Sagnik hesitated.  Even though he had shown far more confidence than any of the other victims, he obviously didn't want to describe his own assault.  "Then she lay down on the bed next to me and started to touch me."
"The last time you came here while you were still high?"  John thought unpleasantly back to the events of last Saturday.  Sherlock merely nodded in response.  "Well,  it's safer if you come back here.  Lock yourself in your room if you want."
“Imagine how he must have felt, then,” John commented as he flopped on the sofa.  A few minutes later his mobile rang.
Around ten, just before John was going to head up to bed, his mobile rang.  "John Watson?  It's Gloria Yellowfox," said the woman on the other end.
Unlike someone covered in blood and wielding a harpoon, the cabs of London were more than willing to take two men with a large stuffed bee, even if the driver kept looking back at it in confusion.  Sherlock kept it tucked under his arm the whole time.  John couldn't tell if he was happy with the gift.  He seemed numb, as if he was in shock.  In fact, until they clambered up the stairs and back into 221B he was oddly expressionless.  Whether this would have continued after they were at home John didn't know, because as soon as they stepped through the door they were greeted by a visitor.
"I'll ask for more at the start of the meeting, then." Mari was a big believer in letting the whole group hear everyone's troubles.
" Of course at this point the reader knows exactly why he's doing this, but John doesn't.  John's not stupid and he could easily put it together at this point, but he can't make himself. As the next chapter shows, he finds it too horrible to consider.
"How could you have kept all that hurt in you for so long?  You didn't tell anyone, ever.  What made you keep quiet?"  The tears were a little less frequent now, and while his voice was still thick he no longer had to gasp for breath after every word.  "I know that you told your friend, but you didn't really tell him anything he hadn't guessed."
Unlike their brother, they gave the distinct impression of living rough.  The one woman, Christine, was at least somewhat put together; her blouse and skirt had clearly been worn for a few days, but her hair was combed and she looked as if she had recently bathed.  The man who sat to the left of Graham wore an ancient blue jumper that covered several other shirts and jeans that were too big for him, even with the legs turned up and a belt tightened as far as it could go.  His hair was short but crudely cut, like he had taken scissors or a knife to it himself, and his skin bore several weeks worth of dirt.  He slumped so far in the chair as to be lying on it with his legs angled to the ground.  The man to the right of Graham had wrapped himself into a long coat and scarf.  He wore gloves and had a ski cap clutched in his hands.  His hair was long, tangled, and matted.
“No, like sex attacks.” Phillip looked again like he wanted to evaporate on the spot.  “She said She knew that because of my touching Her when we met first even though She hadn’t given me permission.”
As she made her way back to the defense table Susan strode up to the stand.  "The prosecution calls Ruth Murray," she said.  Mrs. Murray was led in by an usher.  Despite barely standing at five feet, she carried herself in a very large, don't mess with me way.  Her gray hair was short and her oatmeal colored blouse and blue skirt shone as if they were new.  She sat down at the stand, but not before shooting K a dirty look.
"Well. You see. I knew Her before I was out here. You know, I ran off when I was twelve. Sick of living with Mum and all those junkies that stayed there. Mum said she didn't want me at all. Don't know why she kept me. Anyway, I got sick of everyone there smacking me around. Left. I knew Her from when Mum decided I had to earn my keep." He paused, then began again. "At least all those times when I was out there with Her I got to keep the money. Once I got past thirteen She wasn't interested in me as much but sometimes found me anyway. And when you're on the street you meet lots of kids who're there too. There was this girl, Jamie, and she just got out there. Didn't know how to beg and never had any money. I told her I'd help her and teach her how to survive. And I did for most. Then one day She came along and asked me to come with Her. I did and when I got back Jamie was going on. She was only twelve, you know, and she was real innocent. So I said She liked to buy us for a while. We talked a bit and Jamie figured out that meant sex. She asked me if I liked it and I said you could never really like it with Her but She always gave you good money. Then we went and got takeaway and I thought it'd be over but the next time She came around Jamie went with Her. I was there when she got back and she looked horrible. I'd've asked her about the money but she looked like she was about to cry and so I asked if she was all right. She shook her head and ran off. Never saw her again after that, not alive at least. Found out from someone else that she'd used all that money and bought some junk. It was too much and she died. The people who told me said it was an accident, but it wasn't no accident. Whatever She made her do was so bad she didn't want to live with it anymore. I got so angry. She was just a little twelve year old girl and then She got a hold of her. I decided I'd kill Her the next time I saw Her. Stab Her with a knife, cut off everything She could have used to hurt her. But then I got arrested and I didn't want to go to jail so I told them about Her. I'd seen on the telly that they had Her in jail and I figured if She got to rot in jail it'd be better than killing Her." Another long pause. "Then I saw all those papers today and I wished I had." He turned as if to leave but added "Even if I'm not taking that stuff and it'll kill you I figure everyone got a right to. I know you helped out the police and all that and it still wasn't enough." Not even a second later, he vanished into the night.
"I was actually coming to take a statement from the father. It hasn't been done yet and for the last few days we've been more concerned with questioning Moira than Mr. Aherne." Lestrade's voice was tight.
"Knew about her?  Did he mention her to you when he questioned you?" Clark seemed delighted with this bit of information.
"And that was all you did there?" Susan asked again, obviously willing to repeat this exchange as much as she needed.
"He still wrote once or twice.  The last time he wrote he said they were moving to Manchester."  She paused.  "While I was in prison I saw a news broadcast about someone being arrested for sex crimes, and as soon as I saw the picture I knew it was that Mrs. Williams."
John thought privately this was unlikely, but decided not to push the issue.  "What else did she say?"
And of course if he hadn't been so firmly brushed off the one time he had made an advance, he would have wondered if Sherlock was attracted to him. In an unguarded moment, Molly had once said that he looked at John differently than he looked at other people. "Almost like he wants something he can't have," she had elaborated. This made no sense if Sherlock was merely uninterested in a sexual or romantic relationship, but if he really wanted something like that and the demons of his past were stopping him, it made a sickening sense. Sherlock had also commented Phillip loved his abuser. Did Sherlock still love whoever had done that to him? Like Phillip, he had no father growing up and his mother was distant at best.
"They said it wasn't that they didn't trust me so much as they didn't know who had abused her at this point.  It could have been someone I knew," Mr. Ogebide replied.
A mobile's ring tone cut through the air before the conversation could continue.  John didn't recognize the tone so he figured it must belong to Lestrade.  Lestrade in fact did dig a mobile out from a pocket and look at its screen.  "Mr. Aherne just texted me to say they're right in front of the Yard."  Sherlock got up without a word and went to stand in the hallway.  John followed suit and stood in the doorway, looking out.
“I’m fine now.”  Sherlock took Hamish back into his arms, turned off the light, and went back into his usual position on his side with the stuffed bee as a shield against contact.
Martin blinked, or at least it felt like he did, and the person in the mirror blinked as well. It wasn't him, though. It couldn't be him. His eyes weren't gray. His hair wasn't long or black. And he wasn't tall. He raised his hand, and the figure in the mirror raised his.
“It’s okay to be angry at this K, you know.”  John found himself speaking before he could think about it.  “If he’s really convinced Phillip this is all his fault, he’s a despicable human being.”
He was planning on working straight through his dinner, as he didn't feel particularly hungry. However, Sarah poked her head in before he was able to inform anyone and asked if he wanted to eat with her in the cafeteria. The cafeteria food had no appeal and he hadn't brought anything, but he accepted the invitation anyway, feeling a need to talk to someone. Sarah had taken the "this isn't working, let's be friends" conversation with her typical good humor, and had even said she would have said the same thing in a few days, so that had stripped one layer of complication from their relationship.
“Do you mean that K shows up only on a few days but doesn’t visit on every one of those days?”  He didn’t seem bothered by her hand on his.
"She apparently found a position in a clinic for the homeless she liked more."  Every word Sarah said was measured, and John wondered if she was thinking of her earlier confession to him about her suspicions.
“I didn’t think he’d arrest me.  And he didn’t start asking the same things right away.  We just talked for a bit.  I was the one who brought up my arm.”
In the time it took him to say that, Sherlock had flipped off the tape recorder and was now heading to the door.  He gestured for John to follow him.  As soon as the two of them walked out the door they were confronted by a boy in pajamas.  John recognized him as Kieran, Moira’s twin brother.
"Come downstairs.  We'll have some breakfast and talk."  Mrs. Hudson folded the paper under one arm and headed downstairs.  John followed her.  He wondered how long she had been up; there was water boiling for tea as well as scones and marmalade set out.  "I'm an early bird, always have been," she told him.  "You boys usually aren't up at this hour."  She gestured towards a chair.  "Sit down."  He sat down and took a cup of tea.  Mrs. Hudson sat herself down in a chair opposite him.  "Have you ever thought about how much trust a child has?"
Unlike yesterday, the driver of the cab he hailed seemed content to drive along in silence, the radio not even turned on.  John welcomed the silence enough that he tipped the man more than he usually would.  He walked up the steps to the courthouse and when he got to the top the door swung open and Susan was there to greet him.  "John," she said cheerfully.  "You're here.  Lou should be coming with breakfast in a minute if you'd like to wait."
"His brother isn't testifying, is he?" John asked.  He couldn't imagine he would; that would truly be a death knell to whatever relationship Sherlock and Mycroft had.
"She said I needed to practice more.  That I needed to kiss like a grown-up.  Then She said She'd show me that, and She kissed me back."
"Other than that, no. The examination had several other nonspecific indications of sexual abuse, but he wouldn't say who'd done it. He did admit his arm was broken because 'someone got angry' but no word about that person." Lestrade sighed. "The mother didn't appear too concerned. She was mostly worried that she'd have to stay home from work. We did manage to talk to a few of his teachers, and they say he's the somber type. No friends and doesn't do well in school. All of that makes him a prime target for a predator who promises he'll be his best friend."
“Yeah.  I thought maybe that meatball would be poison too.  And even if me dad got sick from it I’d still have my dog.  K said if he died I’d get adopted.”  Moira turned her head so her face was no longer against her father’s chest, but she made no move to escape his grasp.
"He's supposed to sleep on the floor. But I like having him in my bed." She smiled, and John was impressed despite himself. He hadn't earned a smile that quickly.
For the next few hours it didn't feel like he had control of himself. It was more like Sherlock was some passive observer to someone who looked like him buying cocaine, taking it to a drug den, and shooting it up. And once all that was done he just drifted off in a haze.
"What do you think you might be arrested for?" John asked.  Phillip glanced up at him as if he had only just noticed he was in the room.
"She said we were going to play a game.  She told me to take my clothes off.  Then She started to tickle me."
The question seemed to snap Sherlock back into a sense of reality.  "Some time ago," he said in what was almost close to a normal tone of voice.
"If you did, you wouldn't be so afraid right now."  He wishes he could look Sherlock in the eye now, but he's still curled up on himself.  A thought occurred to him.  "Are you saying you were able to orgasm?"  No response.  "Because that has nothing to do with whether you enjoyed it or not.  It's a reaction to physical stimulus."  It was strangely terrifying that Sherlock Holmes, who prided himself on his rational thinking, was suddenly such an emotional reasoner.  Of course it was because of K and whatever mind games she had played with him, as well as the fact he'd never talked about it before, but that didn't make it any less frightening.
John made the coffee and some toast.  He put a mug of it and two slices in front of Sherlock, then returned to the kitchen to finish his share.  Once he finished, he said, "Do you want me to get anything while I'm out?" as though he was just going to the store or out with friends.
“I’m not going anywhere and I’m certainly not dying.  And K can’t just adopt you.  K couldn’t even take you into their home unless they had a foster license.” Mr. Aherne was firm.  A brief look of surprise appeared on Sherlock’s face, but in a second it was gone.  John suddenly had a horrible feeling that K might in fact have one of those.
What Sherlock said made sense, but John still had a feeling that there was more to it than that.  "All right.  Just let me get my coat and wallet."
“I think the father I want to speak with will be helpful in that regard.”  He turned his head so he was staring out the window.  “If a child came into clinic in the condition that Phillip did, what would you do?”
“Should I be going?” Lestrade asked.  “Tape recorder's here and you've wanted to interview the others by yourself.”
"Yes," Mr. Aherne responded, seemingly relieved to have the subject changed.  "There's a crèche in the courthouse, right?"
Lestrade pressed the "rewind" button and when the tape clicked to indicate it had finished, he said, "From the way Phillip was talking to you, he seemed to get along with you well. I never would have thought it. Moira Aherne too. Even Donovan couldn't get her to talk." He looked like he might say more, but instead pressed "play". The tape faintly hissed as it began.
John couldn't even think of a coherent response, so he went with his instinct.  "I'm so sorry," he gasped out.  "It's just all too much.  Whenever you talk about her your voice just changes."
"Mycroft is talking to you tomorrow," Sherlock said, like this naturally came from what they had been doing before.
"By 'use Her fingers,' you mean for penetration, correct?"  Sherlock didn't seem bothered by what he said, but John couldn't help but shiver.
For the first time in many hours, John was alone with Sherlock.  John wasn't sure what he was going to say and was almost relieved when Sherlock's mobile went off.  "Lestrade?  I know you had Phillip over at the Yard today for a lineup.  You've already searched the house?  That was fast."  There was a very long period of silence, and what little color there was drained from his face.  "I see."  His voice wavered.  "No.  Don't try to talk me out of it, either.  I'm seeing this to the end."  He disconnects and tosses the mobile on the sofa.  His eyes were suddenly blank.  "They searched Her house earlier today."  He sounded tired.
"No.  I had my brother and our dog Rory to play with but no one else.  Sometimes Kieran wanted to play alone though, and it's my job to take care of Rory, so I took him for a lot of walks."
It turned out not to be an issue at all.  “He’s been gone for hours,” Mrs. Hudson informed him as he was ascending the stairs.  Since Sherlock had taken to vanishing for hours over the last few months, that didn’t seem odd.  The television was still on, now playing the news.  Trial news.  A reporter informed viewers that Victim One had testified that day, and before he read part of his testimony the reporter warned viewers that they might find the transcript disturbing.
I have no idea if such a plea agreement is possible in the middle of a trial in the UK, but if it's not I'll handwave it as a result of Mycroft.
to let the person continue to roam the streets. He's reasonably terrified of this person, although not in the same way Moira is.
"His father, of course.  And I don't merely think it, I know it.  In fact I have discovered that his father didn't desert him and has spent the last ten years trying to see his son.  There are quite a few court documents relating to him and Phillip's mother Lisa Benton."
"You wanted a friend," John said gently.  "You wanted someone to love you.  You wanted physical affection.  That's normal."
He wrote a quick response: "I would also like to see you, hopefully more than once. Any time that is good for your father and you will work. They are pleased because you are a talented flute player. A present on my birthday is not needed. Sherlock." When he was done he tried to think of anything else that needed to be done, but there was nothing, and the rest of the day stretched forward without relief. John could usually provide some amusement, but who knew when he would be back. Molly was currently out of the country and wouldn't be able to give him any body parts for at least a week. At least John wasn't going to make him eat. Even at the thought of food he gagged slightly.
"Yes."  John couldn't help but feel surprised at that; he knew that Sherlock only outwardly pretended to hate his brother, but for him to admit that he cared about how Mycroft saw him was another thing entirely.
"He..." John swallowed the lump in his throat.  "He's said he'd choose her over anyone else.  He'd live with her forever if he could.  That he wished he was still a child so she'd still want him around."  Until he actually said those words, he had no idea how much it had hurt to carry them around.  Being the only one who knew something like that cut to the bone.
"Because you were hoping he'd say no.  That it wasn't a crime, at least not for Her, and that it was all your fault it happened."  From the way Sherlock said it it was obvious he'd had those notions himself.
An idea came to mind from a book Verity had loaned him. She adored science fiction of all kinds and seemed pleased that Martin was open to reading them more than either of her parents. "Maybe we've swapped dimensions?"
"No.  I just thought the doctors at the hospital would have and when we moved from London I figured they couldn't find her."
"I think so.  Rape of a child is life."  John nibbled at a biscuit.  "I think it's the same even if it's not a child."
"At first it was just new things She wanted to do.  She started saying if I wanted to keep coming over I'd have to ask for what we were doing.  She really liked it when I said 'Please fuck me,' and sometimes She liked it if I added 'Mummy' to that.  She had things She wanted me to put in her.  Then one day after school She picked me up and said She had a surprise for me.  I had to keep my eyes shut even in the flat until we got to the bedroom.  When I opened my eyes I saw a little boy lying there."
"Who's Alla Pinyakova?" John hadn't heard the name before and didn't know why Sherlock would know her.
"I merely wished to ask if you were going to be involved in a way that does not involve an investigation."
"It's been considered, John, and while it hasn't been ruled out since there's no one who she says has done it, but it's not the working theory." Lestrade seemed a bit choked up, and John remembered he had small children of his own. "Whoever did it, he's clever."
"Serious relationships?  Or are you just asking how many people I've dated?"  John tried to sound casual.
"Martin, come with me."  Douglas took his arm and lead him into the plane.  He then strong-armed Sherlock to the cockpit.  "What are you doing?  If this is some sort of prank, can you at least wait until we get in the air?"
"He took me to hospital.  Not to the fucking room though, to another place."  Even though John knew she had used such a phrase before, he still winced when she said it.  From what he could see of the buffalo, they seemed shocked by it too, and they sat at all sorts of trials.  He suddenly remembered Phillip saying that K had liked him to ask to fuck her, and he shivered.
“There’s a small container I use for that sugar, so I can have a place to put it if I travel. I keep it on one of the top shelves in the kitchen.”  Realization appeared on his face.  “Are you saying that this K told Moira if she told me my sugar would be poisoned?”
Suddenly the computer seemed very distant. He felt like he was falling into a pit. His ears rang. Everything familiar was gone. His job, his friends, his home, his body, his life couldn't be found.
"You do understand that I can't treat your friend through you.  He'd have to come in to see someone himself," she said evenly.
"Do you want to know how I met Her?" Sherlock continued like he hadn't heard John say anything.  John nodded before he remembered they weren't facing each other.  Sherlock must have seen him out of the corner of his eye, because he began talking again.  "Mycroft had gone away to school.  I was all alone in the house so I took my bee and went outside hoping to find someone to play with.  She lived a few doors down and was tending Her garden.  She asked me what I was doing out here alone and I said I was looking for someone to play with.  She saw my bee and asked me if I wanted to see Her garden.  There were flowers, some vegetables, blueberry bushes and an apple tree.  I went with Her to the apple tree.  She said that it was just right for climbing, and did I want to try that.  I said yes and She picked me up and put me in the lower branches of the tree."
"A dozen or so bruises on his upper thighs.  Fingerprint-sized.  From the way they were placed it looked like someone had forced his thighs apart.  That made me think whoever broke his arm was the same one that he was sexually active with, and whatever they'd done that time wasn't consensual."
"Sometimes she would come back with no pants on, or asleep in the middle of the afternoon.  She also called the place she was taken 'the fucking room' and once she even asked me if I'd fuck her.  Where does a child learn that?  I didn't even have a TV license then," Mrs. Bena shot back.
"John, we all know Sherlock is very good at solving crimes, but he's… harsh, you know that. I don't think it would be best to have him confront a suffering child." Lestrade gave him a sympathetic look. "You know that as well as anyone. If we wind up with some description, a name, anything that he could work with without talking to children, that would be different."
"Thank you for telling me all this," John replied, and hopped out of the car and up all seventeen steps to 221B. There were no lights on in the flat, but when he got inside and flipped the switch, he was surprised to see Sherlock sitting sideways in a chair, violin in his hands.
John assumed at this point Sherlock had shut off the tape, as he heard nothing but static. Lestrade still looked rattled by what he had heard on the tape. "You two can head back home. Sherlock, you said something about giving Phillip your number?"
"That would be correct," Lestrade said as they stepped into the flat.  "The material is of a sensitive nature so you may want us to go through them in a less public spot."
It occurred to John that Sherlock's sleepless nights of pacing were probably due to cocaine-induced hyperactivity. "When you were in rehab, last. Didn't they have therapy groups there? Did anyone ask you about your past there?"
John was the one who lay awake over the next few nights, staring at the ceiling.  He could only think about the crowd in the courtroom: the media, the buffalo, all the others that would be there.  He kept thinking of the person who'd dared to laugh when Phillip testified.  He couldn't protect Sherlock from something like that.  On Monday, he hadn't watched any telly at all, so there would be no chance of something about the ongoing trial coming up.  Mrs. Hudson kept the newspapers from them.  On Tuesday he only watched a bit of the news when Sherlock was dozing in his room.  Of course what he'd seen had mentioned the trial; the announcer said that one of the victims who had testified that day had considered killing K after a friend who lived on the streets with him committed suicide, since she had bought time with both.  He only changed his mind after being arrested for solicitation.  From that John suspected the victim was James Warren, the rent boy.  He had a terrible feeling that the friend who had committed suicide had been made to do something to another child by K.  It took away his desire to watch any more news.
The meal was not exactly torture, but it was certainly one of the most uncomfortable meals John had ever eaten. Sherlock came along, to be true, but he merely sat with them and stared off into the distance while he and Lestrade tried to make awkward small talk. It would have been easier if he had at least been pretending to pay attention, but he wasn't even looking in their direction. Lestrade seemed to feel just as he did, as after about ten minutes he gave up the pretense of conversation and they just ate their turkey sandwiches as fast as they could manage. (Sherlock didn't order anything himself, but he did steal the cucumber off of John's plate. That was fine with him; he didn't particularly care for cucumber anyway.)
Lestrade must have felt the same way, because he started talking as they walked back to his office.  “The one file I’m going to show you is a little different than the others.  The child involved was only victimized once, as far as we know.  He wouldn’t say anything about who had done it, although he did try to describe the flat he’d been taken to.  The whole family are fairly recent immigrants – from Bangladesh, I believe – so lack of fluency in English might be an issue as well.”
"All right."  He still felt the need to add: "But if you do want to bring it up again I'll be willing to listen."
"My bear was me mum's. She gave him to me when I was a baby. My brother got me dad's old stuffed elephant. We're twins."
"No, it's fine.  I'm just not very hungry."  This body was skinnier than he'd been in his attic days, and that was saying a lot, but Martin doubted that even in his own body he'd have much of an appetite.
"Yes."  Sherlock suddenly sounded robotic.  "Always.  I'm just a sexual psychopath.  Fuck me.  Sorry, please fuck me.  No, I mean Mummy, please fuck me.  Yes, I will.  Of course I'll tell you.  I always tell you.  That only happened once.  I'm sorry.  I know.  I love you too."
There were dozens more books, but Sherlock's eyes were starting to glaze over at the repetition. Didn't this man have any interests that didn't have to do with planes? There was even a joystick at the computer, something he hadn't seen in years.
Just like Sherlock to not admit to something like that.  “Whatever it was, you seemed pretty upset.”  He deliberately didn’t mention what he had said in the throes of the nightmare.
"Fine, thank you," he politely responded.  Despite his obvious impairment, the cerebral palsy didn't appear to have affected his voice at all.
"'Are you sure?  Let me check.'"  That admission seemed to be too much for Moira; she brought Brownie to her face and started to cry.  Several of the people watching had the same problem.  John could hear sobs from several different directions.
When he opened the door, at first Sherlock didn't actually see a person.  It just seemed like a large pile of items with a fluffy golden dog, the same one from the day before, barking at the man's feet.  Then the pile said  "Hi, Sk- I mean Sherlock Holmes.  Or should I call you Mr. Holmes?  Or Homes?  Or just Sherlock?"  One of the items fell at his feet, revealing the steward from the day before.
In the next chapter John mentions this makes him feel uncomfortable even thinking about it, and writing it wasn't much better. I think if Moira had been in a better position here - not so broken up about a move and the anniversary of her mother's death - she'd have at least yelled, but all that made her frozen in shock.
Moira, despite her current difficulties, has had a much more loving/ordinary upbringing than Sherlock ever did, and being able to show non-sexual affection towards others is one sign of that. Sherlock, of course, associates all touch with sexual contact.
Dr. Dodson broke the silence.  "We have fifteen minutes left."  He looked at each group member.  "Is there more anyone wants to discuss, or are you all open to a lesson?"
"No!  Stop!"  Sherlock's voice held a raw terror that John had never heard from him before.  He thrashed around on the bed in a strange way that made him look bound with invisible chains.
Once he got downstairs he saw Sherlock had gotten up and was now sprawled on the sofa, using Hamish as a pillow.  He didn't look like he wanted to move at all.  "You'll be here all day?" John asked him.
"Of course I discipline them."  Mr. Aherne sounded offended.  "I don't do that by yelling and screaming or make it so they're afraid to tell me the truth about something.  It's not needed.  Kieran and Moira sometimes tease Dierdre and telling them to stop is usually enough.  If that doesn't work I can just take away time with the telly or pudding.  That never fails."
"Correct.  All you're going to do is answer the questions truthfully.  It's not like a test, so if you don't know the answer just say you don't know."
"I did beg though.  She was right."  He curled in on himself further, into an almost fetal position.  "I'd go there and ask Her to fuck me."
"No."  He hadn't always had the best relationship with his parents (he and his mother had once gotten into a screaming fight over a lamp in his room and the next day had both admitted that it was a silly row), but he'd known that they cared.  When his mother had a heart attack shortly after he was first deployed, he'd dropped everything to race home.  John knew he was lucky to have sat with her for her last few hours; lots of other people weren't that fortunate.  He'd cried off and on for days when his father died of cancer shortly before he'd left for university.  The few times he'd met with Harry since he'd come back from Afghanistan they'd both been able to fondly reminisce about their childhood.  True, it had always ended with a shouting match, but he was sure that she had felt loved as well.
"He said he'd known someone like that, but he didn't say who it was.  Is it Her too?"  Moira's confused tone made it clear that this question had backfired; she really hadn't known that Sherlock had been abused by K as well.
The shower ran for a good portion of the time before they left.  John knew better than to comment on it, or ask about it in the first place, but not for the last time he wished he could just sit down and talk with Sherlock about the bee incident, the case, and everything else he hid behind that brick wall.  However, he couldn't help but comment on the rubbish bag Sherlock had slung over his shoulder.  "What's that?" he asked.
"That is the case.  She'll be sentenced after this is all done; she's admitting she's guilty.  Easy for a change."
"Mrs. Hudson brought up some food a bit ago.  Said she didn't think you'd want to cook for a while."
"I was under a bridge earlier, but when it got dark lots of nasty looking people came there so I left."  He put down the holdall and flute case.  "I put everything in a bin liner before I packed the bag, so that's dry."
"The one in the books or the one in the old movies?  Or the new movies?  Or maybe the BBC series from the Eighties?"  He came to stand next to them.
"Yes we are." Arthur, the woman, and the other man all walked off into the distance. He was now alone with the large man.
"You never listened," Sherlock said.  He was now sitting on the sofa again, one arm curled around his bee.  From the way he spoke it was clear that he'd known how Mycroft felt for a long time.
"Do you like it?" Moira asked.  She sounded anxious.  "Me dad said that you were old for a toy but I thought since yours got taken away you'd miss it."
"Some women have.  But right now my responsibility is to my children, and a woman who wants to date me won't necessarily feel the same way towards them.  I can't say I'll be single the rest of my life, but right now I see no need to change it."
I am sorry this is so long in coming. A Million things have come up. I hope to try to update more regularly.
"I can't let K get away with this."  His voice was so quiet John wasn't sure he had spoken for a minute or two.
"A lot," Lestrade said.  "This is an important case."  He stood up and reached into a drawer behind him, taking something out.  He turned and put a folder on the desk in front of him.  It was the size of a phone book.  "These are the papers we filed with the court on the charges."
"Once that woman left Moira saw me a minute later and walked over.  She asked me if Dad had told me to go get her and I asked her who that woman was.  She said it was just a friend of hers.   I said she looked older than our dad.  She said that the woman was still her friend.  Then I asked her why she'd kissed her.  She told me to shut up.  I didn't know what to say then so I just started walking back home.  Right before we went inside Moira told me to not tell anyone about the woman I saw.  So I didn't, until now.  I didn't know it was the same person who hurt her until she was in the lineup."  Like his sister, he seemed to be relieved to be telling someone about it.  She apparently understood that, because she touched his shoulder briefly.  Kieran smiled up at her in appreciation.
"She's not the person you were talking about when you said someone else visited you, though, right?" he said.
"I can figure out things they can't."  It was a very modest version of what Sherlock really did, but Harvey narrowed her eyes as she looked at him.
"Correct."  He could tell from the way he said it that Sherlock had been aware of this for some time.
"Of course, Mr. Aherne. We'll just go into one of the interview rooms," Lestrade said soothingly. "Sherlock, you know you'll have to tape your conversation with Phillip, but I don't anticipate any problems. John, you're coming with us?" John nodded and the three of them left the room, Sherlock closing the door behind them.
John could tell that this was going to go bad very quickly, so he jumped in.  "Victim Twelve.  James Warren.  Tell us about him."
"From what you're saying it sounds like he does indeed have some sort of trauma-related issue."  She paused and looked him in the eye.  "What have you learned from those 'little bits?'  What happened and for how long?"
The day didn't start well. John hadn't got more than an hour or so of sleep, and was only feeling half awake after he had three cups of industrial grade coffee. Sherlock wasn't bouncing around like he usually did, but he hovered in the background of anything John tried to do before they headed off to the hospital, staring intensely without blinking. (At least John had convinced him that Moira wouldn't like someone coming in to question her at six in the morning, nor would anyone, so it would be better to wait until noon or so.)
This part is where it starts to get more descriptive. Throughout writing the story, I struggled with the writing of the actual abuse.  I couldn't very well gloss it over, because that would take away the horror, but I didn't want to be accused of overly focusing on the details.  I also knew very well if I wasn't at least somewhat explicit, some acts of abuse would fly over people's heads.
"Yes she is.  First of all, you wouldn't be dreaming about her if you'd never met her.  Second, if you met her but she never did anything to you, you might dream about someone else, but you wouldn't be so disturbed about it.  She is the one who set everything you feel about sex into a tailspin.  You're not wrong, bad, or evil for having sexual feelings.  She is the one who warped them, and none of this makes you less of a victim."  John purposely chose the word "victim" because he knew that Sherlock saw himself as anything but, all to avoid placing any responsibility on K.  Sherlock looked so uncomfortable with this that John decided to quickly change the subject.  "If you need help destroying those, I can get some scissors," he volunteered.
"At first it seemed really nice.  She'd always have stuff for me to color and draw with and She'd give me biscuits and lemonade.  I got to sit in Her lap and She'd touch me like She did before.  For the first few times that was all She did.  After that She asked me if I knew how to kiss someone, and I said I didn't.  I hadn't known how to hug someone before, either, and She'd taught me that.  Where the arms go and everything, since I couldn't figure it out."  It was hardly the worst thing Phillip had mentioned so far, but apparently it affected the audience; John heard a few gasps of horror.  "So She said She'd teach me that too."
He heard them before he saw them.  "Slow down!" Mr. Aherne yelled, and a second or two later Moira and Kieran came barreling down the hall.  They both apparently saw Sherlock, as they came to a skidding halt a few feet in front of him.  John couldn't help but smile; this was the happiest and most carefree he'd ever seen Moira.  The summer break seemed to be doing them a world of good.  Both of them were sun-toasted and Moira's hair had lighter streaks in it.
John felt his mobile vibrate in his pocket, and cursed. He'd have to answer it, in case it was a crisis involving Sherlock, but he'd felt almost on the verge of a breakthrough. "Mobile's ringing. Mind if I step out?"
Suddenly he was filled with an almost supernatural longing for his home, and he fought back tears.  To distract himself, he reached for the nearest of the library books and made himself open it.  The words swum in front of his eyes, and he blinked a few times and made himself look at the book again. This time he could read the words. The familiar descriptions of aviation procedures and policy were somewhat comforting, and that terrible longing diminished.
"Can you tell me one of the things that would happen if you didn't?"  John wondered if there was something more fragile than cobwebs; if their previous talk had been spun from those, this seemed to be something more careful still.  He steered them both back to the couch.  After he sat down, Sherlock blankly followed suit.
"What if it's when you're dreaming?"  Sherlock visibly shuddered when Phillip asked that, even removing his hand from his shoulder.
While John would have taken that as a diversionary tactic most of the time, Sherlock sounded so tired from his brief conversation with his brother that he decided that would be for the best.  "All right."  He sat down next to him on the sofa again.  His hand brushed against the side of the bee.  "Does it have a name?" he asked.
"I asked him some questions about his life in general and after some time he asked why I hadn't asked him anything about the case yet."
"A few days before She had... well, we were in Her bedroom and She'd done this thing to tie my arms to the head of the bed, with ropes.  She was trying to change the knot on one of them and I moved and She hit her cheek on the bed post."
Moira looked out at the crowd and John, figuring that she was once again looking for him, sat up as straight as he could and smiled at her again.  Apparently this was enough, as she began to talk again.  "I'd gone to the park with Rory that day.  It was me mum's birthday and me dad was sitting at home all sad and Kieran yelled at me to go away.  I started telling Rory about her and I got so sad I cried.  The next thing I remember is this lady asking me what my dog's name was.  I told Her about Rory and She asked why I was crying.  I said it was me mum's birthday and she was in heaven now."  John had heard her tell Sherlock of the time she'd first met K, of course, but her story now had far more detail.  He suspected the first version had been heavily edited to make sure she wouldn't expose K's identity.  "Then I said we'd just moved here.  She sat down next to me and we talked for a while.  When I talked to Her I could pretend me mum was there because I missed her so much.  While we were talking She put her hand on my leg."
"I like it a lot. I want to be a scientist. Like Carl Sagan or Stephen Hawking or Marie Curie. I've got books that tell all about their lives." There was the clink of metal objects against each other. "Oh, Rory wants to say hello. Just let him sniff you. It's okay, Rory, he's a nice man." John couldn't believe what he heard next. It was a laugh – was Sherlock really laughing?
“Nothing.  Of course when we got to A&E she was in hysterics and said she didn't want to see the doctor and wasn't sick.  The doctor that did talk to her seemed more interested in me than her.  Then someone from social services came and told me that she needed to go into care while this was all sorted out.  I had to call Debra, and she was furious at me, of course, but she didn't seem shocked by everything.  I didn't want to think then why that might be the case, and as far as I knew she wasn't seeing anyone.  After that I was questioned by the social workers and the police about my relationship with my daughter.”  The last sentence was still tinged with bitterness.  “Nothing came about from it, of course, and the carers for Jennifer didn't ever hear about her 'friend'.  In the middle of all that Debra was arrested for possession.  She still wasn't working.”
"Nothing.  He said when he'd been my age he'd known someone like Her too.  He didn't always like what they did but he still loved them."
While this was part of the previous bit, I decided to address it separately. I did not actually plan for Phillip's father to be in the story at all for a while - in my original idea he never showed up and Phillip was taken out of his mother's home by Mycroft getting him into a good boarding school. Phillip's one big difference from Sherlock is that he truly has no one at home to care about him and is both more vunerable to K because of that and at the same time more willing to talk about what's going on then Sherlock because he's got no one to talk to.  Every time I thought about this I kept going back to that if that was the case Phillip would still be as vunerable to predators as he was before. Bringing in his father later came up as a solution, but that took more writing.
John wanted to eat lunch with Sherlock, but he knew that he would be sequestered until he was done testifying.  He wondered who was going to testify after Sherlock; he guessed it would either be Lestrade or Donovan.  Mycroft would be an ideal witness, but John also thought that Sherlock would never forgive him if he did testify.  Not wanting to leave the courthouse, he went down to the cafeteria and nibbled on a sandwich.  He managed to eat half of it before going back up to the courtroom.  The cry of "Court rise!" came within a minute and another usher led Sherlock back in.
"Tired.  Not just tired like you want to go to sleep, but my arms and legs felt heavy and my head was fuzzy."  The symptoms clicked in John's head and he knew then Sherlock had been right about what he'd confronted Dr. Arthur with; it sounded like he had indeed been drugged with a benzodiazepine. K had probably put it in his drink when she had opened it.  He wondered if she was hoping the drug would cause anteretrograde amnesia like they often did or was just counting on his lack of English skills to keep him from reporting it.
Sherlock took a few more circles around the flat before nodding to himself, apparently satisfied with something.  "I don't think there's anything more to be seen here.  Mrs. Murray, I know you said before you have copies of all the starter checks Dana Lester has given you.  Do you have those here right now?"
Sherlock put a tiny amount into his mouth.  He ate the ice cream not like he was savoring it but rather like he found it as distasteful as a bowl of brussel sprouts.  As he ate he rubbed Hamish with his free hand.
It should be obvious why Sherlock says this - he would do the same thing. He has no idea the abuser is the same as his, but he can remember those feelings all too well. So he's willing to go very slowly in his investigation.
"Last time I saw him he was throwing up in the bathroom," Susan replied.  "He asked me to leave him alone."
“Well, there’s so little going on here that I’m looking up past employment records on two doctors who used to work here.  Both of them were before your time, and they both need some records for a new job.  Dr. Arthur was as horrible as he ever was – remind me to tell you some of the horror stories I have about him – but Dr. Martin and I had a nice chat.  She was always well-liked here.”
"If a thirteen year old was so concerned about not identifying the person he'd been sexually active with, why would he admit it in the first place?"  John resisted the urge to go and punch Clark.  Hearing him call Phillip "sexually active" when that activity had consisted of years of assaults infuriated him.
She turned to Martin, her eyes wide.  "What's going on?"  Something clearly had surprised her, but he didn't know what.
Eventually he drifted back to sleep. He slept lightly and uneasily, and woke as soon as dawn came. After getting dressed, he decided to go to the kitchen. He wasn't hungry in the slightest, but he could at least make coffee and read the papers; they were always here by this hour. And when he went into the kitchen the papers were indeed piled up by the door. He made the coffee and drank down half of it before taking the pile and looking at the headlines.
"For one, she currently claims that he made 'advances' to her when he was fourteen and her refusal was what caused him to have so much anger towards her."  From the look on Lestrade's face he clearly wasn't eager to add anything, but he did say "Oh, and any pornography found in the house was planted by him at an earlier date.  She says it's yours."
:"Oh, yes, one more thing. When he came in with his arm broken he indicated he'd been sexually active. Said so right on the form. Wouldn't say who he'd been active with, of course." He stared down at his tea. "That is what prompted the doctor to call the authorities. He did say he wasn't lying but claimed he didn't know who he'd been sexually active with, which everyone found very hard to believe."
Nothing had developed in the case, that was true, but John couldn't say that about the rest of his life.  Two conversations, one he had with Sherlock and one he happened to overhear, revealed several unsettling things.  The first one had occurred after supper the day they had talked to Dr. Arthur.  "He didn't lie," Sherlock had said suddenly.  He was lying on the couch with one arm draped over his eyes.  After eating a few bites he had left the kitchen and perched himself on the couch.  For the past half hour he had seemed lost to the world.
Mrs. Murray sat up further, smiling.  Clearly she had been waiting for this moment.  "Like all the others, I got a packet of information from the previous landlord about that one.  With the others I usually got some bit of information about them, like 'owns two dogs' or 'children visit on Friday,' but all it said was the tenant's name was Dana Lester and they'd paid good money to get the flat.  Figured at that point I'd hear more about them later, but I never did.  When I made sure all the flats had a washer and dryer, I went in for the first time, and all I saw was that there was a washer and dryer already installed.  The flat was very clean.  I didn't think much of that until their rent was due and I got a check.  It was a starter check.  That seemed odd; I hadn't seen one of those in years.  I was able to cash it, though, and I didn't think further of it until the next month.  I got another starter check from this Dana Lester.  Now that was enough to make me wonder.  I started to head into the flat during the day, at odd hours.  If I'd encountered the tenant, I had an excuse ready. Not that it made a difference.  No one was ever there.  I kept getting starter checks, though, every month like clockwork."
"He's probably about as thrilled about child abuse as everyone else is. Or maybe he sees something in the victims that reminds him of himself? Like the Rodgers boy – he remembers being an unhappy kid?"
"I'll come. I want to ask the father a few questions myself. He doesn't know the perpetrator – he may have met them once or twice, but he isn't familiar with them – but he could have some important information." His voice was flat again, and John was reminded of last night and Sherlock's oddly restrained anger.
"She's always like this with sciencey things," Mr. Aherne added.  "I once told her about hill cows.  They always graze on a hill and so they've got right legs that are shorter than the left ones.  She went to her room right away and drew two cows and cut them out, brought them back to me, and then used a plate to show how they'd fall over unless all their legs were the same length."
“It sounds so scripted,” John said.  It reminded him of terrible porno films, if you ignored the fact it was acted by two ten year old boys.
Lestrade shook his head.  "No idea.  Right now this is a priority case.  It's amazing it hasn't gotten through to the press.  K is probably thinking that seeking attention will backfire no matter how innocent she looks.  Oh, and John, an officer is going to be questioning any of the people at St. Bart's that were familiar with her when she worked there.  I know you didn't work with her but I figured you should get a notice of that anyway."
“Did you know K would come tonight?  Was that why you didn’t have Rory in your room?”  Sherlock asked quietly.
"Married to his work?" John carefully said.  Sherlock nodded in response, and if John didn't know better he would think that Sherlock was close to tears.  "Not if we find him," he said firmly.  "And I'll do everything I can to help."  He had no idea if what he said was comforting to Sherlock or not, as he merely nodded again and slipped silently into his room.  John swallowed the lump in his throat and went upstairs to bed.
"Just trying to bring you up to date before next week," Lestrade said as he put piles of paper in front of John and Sherlock.  "We've got to be very careful, make sure all the Is are dotted and the Ts crossed.  Also, Moira Aherne and her family are going to stop by.  She's got some anxiety about the trial and it'd be best to have someone she trusts tell her the details."
"Yeah."  Phillip had now turned a deep crimson.  "After a bunch of lessons like that She said something about how adults kiss.  She said they didn't just kiss on the mouth, but on the whole body.  For a while She'd take off most of Her clothes and tell me where to kiss Her.  Once I'd done that a few times She'd do the same to me.  Then one time when She was doing that to me She took my pants off and kissed my penis.  She asked me if I liked that and I said I did.  It felt weird but I thought if I said I didn't like it She wouldn't be my friend anymore.  She said since I liked it so much I could do the same for Her, and I did."  He buried his head in his hands for a minute before speaking again.  "So I did that.  She really liked it and told me that She loved me for making Her feel so good.  I said I loved Her too and She said then when I was at Her flat we could pretend that She was my mummy."
“Yeah.  She told me before that when I first met Her I couldn’t control myself and if I didn’t get all that urge out I’d attack people.”
"That will be fine," Sherlock curtly replied.  "He typically rings me at night and I suspect he will be doing the same.  I hope you're going to find some of those foster children She has taken care of before."
"Sexual assault of a child under thirteen."  John went to that part of the law and found that that charge did in fact have a sentencing requirement up to fourteen years, while rape of a child was life.
Almost all of K's threats to a relative's well-being were directed at Mycroft, but the idea that someone would be hurt or die if he said anything weighs heavily on him. He knows intellectually by now K couldn't have caused his mother to have a stroke, but he heard it at a young age and this has never left him. It's emotional reasoning.
"No one else seemed concerned by it," Sarah said firmly.  "And I told myself it wasn't a big deal.  But honestly?  If Dr. Martin has been a male Kelly instead of a female one, I'd have talked to social services."
"Just a John." She looked up towards his face. "Do I have to have another needle? Or a pill or more stitches?"
“It’s good to see you again Moira, even if it’s so late.”  Sherlock said in response before heading over to the window.  The cut screen waved in the cold night air, a strangely menacing sight.  “This was cut from the inside,” he said after examining the window for a minute.  “It was cut some time ago.”  Mr. Aherne’s eyes widened and Moira turned her gaze to her feet.  Sherlock turned from the window and crouched so he was at eye level with the people on the bed.  “Did K come to visit you tonight?”  He spoke softly rather than in his matter-of-fact deduction tone.
Phillip, who was still leaning on Sherlock, snapped his head up to look at John.  He looked surprised, like he had forgotten there was someone else in the room.  "Bad," he said after a minute of silence.  "I'd wish I could go wash myself off with acid.  Even then I'd still ask.  I'd crawl into Her lap and then I'd say 'Please fuck me.'  If I didn't say please She'd remind me to do that.  But I still did it so many times."  He sounded despairing.  "I hate myself."
Anger roared in his throat as he reminded himself why she would need stitches in the first place, but he kept it down. "No. I'd just like to talk to you." He noticed then the table by her bed not only had several books but also a picture of a large dog surrounded by Mr. Aherne, Moira, and who he assumed had to be her siblings. "Is that your family?" She nodded in reply. "What are your brother and sister named?"
He opened the door and got in the car. "No. It was a typo. I've had so many things to think about in the last few days that I wasn't paying attention. Where are we going?"
John didn’t recognize the two Yarders in the kitchen, and Sherlock ignored them as he went down the hall to Moira’s room.  He gave a cursory nod to at least acknowledge their presence before following Sherlock down the hall.  Mr. Aherne, Moira, and the dog were all in the room; the dog was lying underneath the open window and the other two were sitting on the bed, Moira leaning against her father.  She was in a long nightgown and clutching the bear she had held in the hospital, but her father was still wearing ordinary clothing.  Her expression was somber, but she smiled as Sherlock came into the room.
“If you can’t decide what to do, we can always start with the Hugless Douglas books!  He’s that bear on the front and he’s looking for a big hug!”  He picked up the book and let it sit on his lap.
"She asked if I wanted to sit in Her lap and I did, so I got up and sat down with Her.  She asked me what I liked to do best and I said coloring.  She said that the next time I came over She'd get me some nice crayons, the ones with almost a hundred colors.  I'd never had those before and I told Her thank you."
John fixed on the only part of the message he could possibly understand.  “And ‘on call’ is a doctor’s term.  Someone on call is in house at a hospital and deals with patient problems overnight.”
The therapist that ran the group, Dr. Dodson, called it "a group for family and friends of those who have been sexually abused" but currently all the members were in some sort of romantic relationship with that other person. Including John, he supposed, although it wasn't like any other romantic relationship he'd been in in the past. There was no intimacy. Sherlock had touched him before the so-called relationship had begun, but not anymore. John had a feeling it had to do with that shift in their relations - he had gone from being non-sexual (and safe) to sexual and not safe. He both wanted to discuss it with the group, since they'd understand, and yet not wanting to admit the relationship was that distant.
"No," John replied.  He didn't exactly mind, but he couldn't help but wonder what Lestrade had to say.
John hadn't expected her to be so direct.  Anything he could think of to object to the ban vanished, and he only managed to say, "Really?"
The buffalo trickled in as usual, and while some of them gave John dirty looks, most of them just took their typical seats.  No one asked for his space, and John assumed some of the buffalo hadn't shown up. The other watchers didn't seem to notice a difference.  It seemed like such a short period of time between when he had sat down and the time usher cried "Court rise!" that he took a second to get to his feet.  He did not look back at the dock.  Of all the days he didn't want to see K, this was the one he least wanted to see her in.
"With the medical evidence being what it is, they're not going to argue she wasn't abused at all; they'll save that argument for the others.  But they may argue you did it."  Mr. Aherne gasped as Sherlock continued on.  "You haven't dated since your wife died, like a young widower with small children would be expected to."
He only checked his mobile then, and just as he thought, there was a text from Sherlock.  “Come home as soon as possible.  New clue delivered.”
"All right, let's get started," Dr. Dodson said. "Does anyone have anything they want to bring up first?" After a few shakes of the head, he said: "Very well, let's go around the group. Eli?"
An unfamiliar voice sounded from behind where Sherlock sat.  "Oh yes.  Is that the one who, when she found out Martin didn't get paid, asked if he ate a lot at parties?"  It was a male voice, deep.  Of course, the man from the hotel room.
Sherlock wants to know if there are other family members who might be threatened, and in the process discovers a more disturbing one.
Mr. Aherne stared at Sherlock without saying anything for a minute. "Yes," he finally replied. "She'd gone to work; she was a fitness instructor. I can do most of my work from home, so that's where I was. She was pregnant, twelve weeks pregnant. She collapsed after arriving. The doctors said there was nothing that could have prevented it because she hadn't had any of the symptoms."
"Ten years ago or so. They've checked out all the past offenders in the area, and apparently they've all been ruled out. None of the victims have talked – in fact, they all insist nothing happened. Whoever it is, he's got a real hold on all of them."
"Once I had left she seemed to pick up a bit.  I didn't think we could make a relationship work, but I wanted to give her a chance to be a better mother."
"When I went to the drug program at first I was just pretending to listen.  But every now and then this psychiatrist came in, and she sat down and gave me some tests once.  Said that I was depressed and got put on some medicine.  After that I started to pay attention.  But when I saw her on the news I knew I needed to come clean."
"We'll have to ask Lestrade for his number so you can talk to Moira again," John said. Sherlock didn't respond, and in fact said nothing through the walk downstairs or the cab ride home. He wasn't texting or otherwise occupied; he looked lost in thought.
“Alcohol.  He had become a serious alcoholic.  In fact, about a year before his family left the area, he was arrested for driving intoxicated.  He got treatment at that point, but his wife didn’t want him to be around his drinking partners in the area and finally convinced him to move.”  He took only a second before he began again.  “Of all my suspects I thought that Mr. E was the most likely to be the culprit, and kept my eyes on him the most.”
"No."  Phillip looked up again.  "I just put the number in my mobile.  I did ring him later that night because I was scared."
“Yeah.  That made Her really angry.  She said if I got Her pregnant She’d call the police and tell them what we’d been doing and they’d arrest me and take me to jail.  She hit me and told me to lick Her between Her legs like I usually did  except there was more stuff there.  It tasted awful, worse than before, and as soon as I was done I threw up on the carpet.”  John shivered when Phillip said that, remembering the nightmare of the previous night.  Had Sherlock remembered something that terrible?  “She just laughed and said it served me right.  I hoped it wouldn’t happen again but She liked it and made me do it as much as I could.  She’d get angry with me more, and said I was useless and a terrible fuck and She didn’t know why She bothered with me.  I’d beg Her to let me stay, tell Her I’d do better, but She kept yelling every time.  She’d bring other kids there more of the time and this time She wouldn’t give them a drink and they’d be awake.  Sometimes they were crying.”  His voice was heavy with shame.  John didn’t need to glance around to tell most of the people in the courtroom were crying as well.
"I did get a surprise.  She had this book about dogs with big photos of them and She let me look at it.  Then She said it was cold out here and wouldn't it be better if we went to Her flat?  Rory wasn't with me this time so I went."
All four Spencers were standing outside the courthouse when he arrived.  Gloria was also with them, holding Angus, a car seat at her feet.  Dominic stood out the most; he still wore the same ragged items and his hair was still crudely cut.  Martin's hair was still long, but it was now neat and clean.  He didn't have the pile of layers he'd had before, either.  Christine and Graham were both dressed in new-looking suits.  "Good to see you," Gloria said when she noticed him.
"No, I'm a detective. Never could match what I see on paper. I suppose you consider yourself an artist?"
"Enough," Mr. Aherne said before he could finish whatever he was going to say.  "Moira, Kieran, you can go to Moira's room to talk.  Dierdre, please don't touch their toys."  He was calm.  The folder Lestrade had brought with him was sitting on the table, but it hadn't been opened yet.  Fortunately the twins scampered down the hall to Moira's room, John and Sherlock following close behind, so they weren't aware of what was going on a room away.
"But now Skip gets a real paycheck, and everything.  I wish I could tell her that he can eat anywhere he wants now.  That's nice, even if it is sad he got that because Mr. Birling died.  Even if we got it.  It's like one of those movies where someone dies but makes sure everyone they know is happy before that.  So you're happy and sad at the end at the same time."
There were more questions, a long trial, and Sherlock started to use drugs again. John had been to most of the trial and was still haunted by the stories of the victims, even the ones he hadn't known beforehand. Still worse was the memory of Sherlock's testimony. He'd clutched the stuffed bee one of the other victims had bought for him the whole time, and had looked like a frightened child. The only way he kept coping was the support group. The then fiancee of one of K's victims had invited him to a support group meeting, and John was suprised to find it was exactly what he needed. He hadn't missed a meeting yet.
When he came downstairs he was expecting to be alone, and was shocked into slightly more wakefulness by the sight of Sherlock curled up in a chair.  He had thrown his dressing gown over whatever it was he was wearing and was talking to someone on his mobile.  “Were they covered with blinds or just shades?”  The person on the phone must have responded, because he nodded.  “Now, you said it was a ground floor flat?  All right.  Do you think you were still in London?”  Sherlock must have just noticed him, because he made a “go away” gesture with one hand.  John retreated to the kitchen and started the coffee maker.  Fifteen minutes and two cups of coffee later, the world had come back into focus and he chanced looking into the sitting room.  Sherlock was still curled up in the chair, but he was no longer on the phone.
"Only that room.  It was really bare; the bed and a chest of drawers were all that was in it.  The walls were white, and there was a window but the shades were pulled down."
When he woke up, his first thought was that Phillip would be testifying today.  It weighed heavily on his mind as he got dressed and went downstairs.  To his surprise he could smell coffee, and instead of being curled up on the sofa, Sherlock was at the kitchen counter, typing furiously away on his laptop.  Hamish sat next to the computer.  "You made coffee?" John said in surprise.  He poured himself a mug and drank it down quickly.  Surprisingly, it was very good. John deliberately stood far enough away that he couldn't see the screen.
John couldn't help but take a deep breath.  When he'd heard Phillip tell Sherlock of that incident, he'd suspected that Phillip hadn't just taken his hand and shoved it down K's blouse, but he assumed she'd just asked him to do it.  Seeing how she had essentially wordlessly manipulated him into it was frighteningly cold.
“Wasn’t that terrific!”  The man sighed with happiness.  “Do you want to hear another one?  Because I have all six!”
For the next few hours the man lead the dog through variations of what the dogs in the pictures had been lead through.  There was no tunnel to be had or made, but garden spokes did for poles, and the slide for a frame substitute.  At first Sherlock held himself back and pretended to be unimpressed, but when he realized the man didn’t know his reputation and indeed seemed to want him to be on his level of enthusiasm, he joined in with the cheering, petting, and watermelon rewards.  He wasn’t sure when it stopped being a thing he had to do and became something he was really caught up in.  Eventually the dog flopped down on the grass and fell asleep.
John's mobile suddenly started to vibrate in his pocket.  Without a second thought, he got up and headed out of the court room.  Once he was safely in the hall, he looked at it again.  One incoming text message. "I am at home again.  SH."  He debated to himself whether to send a message back, ring Sherlock, or just head back home.
Lestrade put his head out the door, looking over John's shoulder.  "Mr. Aherne, good to see you.  It's probably better to have this conversation in the office and not the hall, though."
The not very big room had a buffet table in the middle and two tables with long benches flanking it.  Only two people were in the room, a woman in her sixties and a young-looking man, sitting next to each other.  The woman had a mug of coffee or tea in front of her, the man had a plate piled high with hardboiled eggs, sausages, a hefty hunk of bread and a large glass of chocolate milk.
"Not one based in the evidence. It seems he just couldn't imagine a nice old woman like that doing those things."
John realized he was next.  He wondered where he would even begin.  "It's been a strange week," he finally said.  "I've found out he's been vanishing to get high every time he leaves the flat.  He stays gone until he comes down."
"I was reading this book where there's these people that have figured out how to go from one universe to another. The main character said that all molecules go both ways and that universes split then."
Lou showed the picture to the jury and proceeded to bring out six more photographs, and with each one Mr. Ogbeide identified his daughter as the person in them.  When he finished this, he asked Mr. Ogbeide "Is the person who you saw on the news and your daughter identified in this court today?"
“In part.  I also kept track of their arrest records.  That was a waste of time, since none of them were arrested for any major crimes before or since.”
"Thursday.  She'd been out of hospital for a few days at that point.  He came to our flat and talked to her in her room.  I wasn't there, but I heard the interview the next day.  It had been recorded."
Sherlock sounded like he didn't quite believe that. Once again, of course he thinks that, thanks to the wonder of emotional reasoning.
They didn't speak as they walked back, trailed by the redhead that had brought John there.  When they got to the outer steps of Baker Street John saw a blond girl sitting on the steps.  "James," she said, her thick Russian accent making the words alien-sounding.  From her look she likely lived as rough as the one who had gotten him to Sherlock.
Kieran looked relaxed, but Moira obviously tensed, and John expected he would volunteer.  Instead he said "Moira first.  She's got the big stuff."
When he came back downstairs Sherlock was still in the same position, like he hadn't moved at all.  "Let's walk," he said as soon as he saw John.
"No," he said.  "I don't know if I would have said anything if someone had asked me.  Do you have any brothers or sisters?"
"Thank you for your information." And just like that, he walked away and stood impatiently at the lifts again. "John, we should get going," he added, and John went over to stand with him. As they got on the lift, they saw Mr. Aherne and Lestrade shake hands and Mr. Aherne scribbled something on a piece of paper that was probably his mobile number.
"Come with me," he said tersely and walked off towards the car park nearby. Sherlock followed him to an older Lexus. "Sit in the back." While Sherlock would have protested, he had nowhere else to go, and so sat in the back. The man glared at him one more time before starting the car, and it occurred to Sherlock that he was going to have to live with this man until everything was sorted out.
"Any time you want me to. That's a promise. Just call me at the number I gave you." Lestrade looked shocked at this and wore an expression similar to a flailing trout.
From the look she gave him, he wasn't doing a very good job at pretending to be Sherlock Holmes.  "Well, if you want the kettle's on and I heard John say something about Chinese."
Brownie is my real bear, although he was my aunt's and not my mother's.  He is ancient and like Harry I have requested to be buried with him. He's provided me with a lot of comfort, both as a child and an adult, and I liked giving Moira that safety. We're both twin bookworms who are close to our fathers, but that's where the resemblence ends, in case you are wondering.
Moira turned to look at her father, words tumbling from her mouth.  “I’m sorry, Dad, but I had to be quiet or something would get put there.”
"Well, I'm excited. Tomorrow is my husband's first birthday." The rest of the group applauded. John felt confused for a second before he realized that she was probably referring to a complete year of sobriety due to some detox program. "He hasn't had any alcohol in a year."
"At the park. I took Rory for a walk and I met someone. We talked a bit. I said we'd moved. Said to me I must be lonely."
The flight back to England was reasonably uneventful. Every ten minutes or so, the man who had brought in the coffee would appear in the cockpit, look Sherlock up and down, and leave without a word. He only broke the pattern on the last visit. "Where's your hat?" It took several seconds before Sherlock realized the man was talking to him.
"I asked if he wanted me to ask him about it."  Sherlock went on to describe the first conversation he had had with Phillip.  "The whole interview was tape-recorded, so I presume that you've heard it."  A few people chuckled, but Harvey merely gave Sherlock a cold stare.
"Write down what they say.  Don't ask leading questions.  In fact I rarely ask any questions at all.  I might say 'tell me about that' but that's about it."
She uncurled her fingers and showed them a flash drive.  "A.G.R.A." had been written on it with black felt-tip marker.  "My father recently died.  He told me before he died that what was on this was very important and I needed to keep it at all costs."  She paused.  "But it's empty.  Or at least it appears to be empty."
"Hello.  It's good to see you," Mrs. Murray replied, like they were meeting for afternoon tea and not in a courtroom.
Once he'd left the cabin after his set of questions, he'd announced that they had a problem. "Whoever that is, it isn't Martin."
"Touched.  Just a bit.  I was just curious what it felt like.  She said I was a naughty boy, but She laughed when She said it so I knew She didn't mind.  Then I sat down on the sofa and She gave me a kiss."
"You are correct.  I should look into that myself.  Why did I not think of that before?"  Sherlock's surprise was evident.  He then turned and walked back out the door, and after he disappeared from sight John could hear him heading up the stairs.
He couldn't accept any compliment at face value, of course, because of his low self-esteem. And failing in school was such a pattern for him it was new to not be failing.
"Maybe... I was... since I was fourteen then I remembered what She had said about how we could get married when I was eighteen.  I kept talking about it."
“You think they struggle, do you?  I suppose that's what it's like when you and my little Sherlock are together, but I assure you I never have to make someone do anything.  Believe me, he wanted to do that.  He'd beg and say 'please.'  No force.  The older he was the more he wanted to do.  And he was still so much like he was back then.  So many of them become hairy and lumpy instead of soft and smooth.”  She broke eye contact with him to stare at Sherlock again, who looked like he wanted to evaporate on the spot.  “He didn't just want to sit in my lap and tell me he loved me.  Not by then.  Do you know how tall he was when he was twelve years old?  Look at me, I'm even shorter than you are.  Do you really think I could force him to do anything?”
John wasn't sure why it took him so long to make the connection.  Perhaps it was just because he had a different mental picture.  But the last bit of conversation hit him like a bus, and he suddenly, horribly, realized the truth.
John was glad that he didn't have to go into the clinic the next day, as he was so exhausted he slept until ten in the morning.  As soon as he woke up he reached for his mobile and dialed Sarah.  "Do you know how to get hold of Dr. Arthur?" he asked as soon as she picked up.  "Some records the Yard showed us yesterday had his name on them."
"Moira's not a talker.  She's not one to chatter about what she did all day, like her sister does.  I was concerned that her distress was so extended and she never opened up about it, but at first it didn't seem that odd."
"Just play it. I need to hear what it says." Mr. Aherne's voice was resigned but steady. Lestrade wasted no time after this, immediately pressing the "play" button.
"Probably," Mari admitted.  "He's thirteen so it's not like he's too young for it, but he's so protective of him, especially since his mother died."
“Hello John,” Sarah said to him, sounding as friendly as always.  “It’s very slow today, so you don’t need to come in.”
Kieran snidely replied, "Just because you practically wet yourself every time you hear the theme music..."
They didn't talk much while waiting for the food.  Martin went back to the bedroom, grabbed one of the Air Disaster books, and buried his nose in it until he could smell the food.  John didn't ask him what he wanted; all he did was put a plate on the table in front of him.  He picked up the fork and ate everything despite not being that hungry.  He remembered Douglas' early campaign to fatten him up some, and figured the least he could do for this body was help it along some.
He knew that he really should have known better, that he didn't know anything about K to make a mental image of the person.  But truthfully he had never once thought of K as being anyone but a man.  If he had to line up potential child abusers, and K was included, he'd have put her dead last.  It only took a second to make the next horrible connection.
"At first She just kissed me on the lips, and She would tell me how to kiss Her back.  Then..."  He paused for so long that John thought Lou would prompt him, but eventually he began speaking again on his own.  "Once She said I'd gotten good at that She started to teach me how to kiss with Her tongue in my mouth.  She said She could tell how much I liked it."
"The dog's bigger than your daughter and you let her walk him alone?"  Once again, Harvey sounded angrier than the statement would indicate, as if he had confessed to making his daughter work in a sweatshop.
While he knew Sherlock would be there, he didn't have any idea of how he would actually look.  It was almost a relief to see him curled up in one corner of a small room, his long coat draped over him.  He was either asleep, passed out, or in a trance.  The kid knelt down and nudged him.  Sherlock rolled over and looked at him.
Suddenly, Judge Foster banged his gavel down, causing the entire court to startle.  "The court will now adjourn for today," he said.  John felt baffled, and from the looks on the faces of the buffalo and media no one else understood it either.  "Tomorrow's hearing will be closed to the media and public.  Statements will be made to the press only after the session."
He looked confused.  "Then how come you could pay off the bills on the house?  Didn't the will say all the money was just for MJN?"
"Oh, we were talking about the - thing Mum and Herc were going to do."  As soon as Arthur said that, someone's mobile rang. It had to be Carolyn's, because she got up and moved towards the door, pulling a mobile out from the bag she took with her.  "Mum said no butterflies.  Only people."  He blinked, oddly enough.
"Congratulations," John said.  He could easily tell who Graham was.  He seemed far more put together than the others.  While his hair was long, it was neatly combed and shiny.  His hooded sweatshirt and jeans were worn but clean and well taken care of.  Most of all, he was the only one besides Gloria to be smiling.  "Do you have a wedding date?"
She hadn't stopped smiling.  That was the truly frightening part.  She almost looked pleased that she'd been able to disturb John so much.  “You're certainly very sure of yourself.”
While Sherlock didn't fall asleep, he did wait about fifteen minutes before he opened his eyes. The man who had been ordered to the back of the plane was there, handing the man next to him a mug of coffee. Once he'd done that, he looked Sherlock up and down confusedly before leaving without a word.
"You are correct.  I will continue to take private cases as they come but I would like to be available for every day of the trial, if I'm needed."  Sherlock's hands were curled into fists, and his voice was tight.  John took that as a sign the conversation was finished (he certainly couldn't think of anything else to say), and the rest of the trip home was silent.
“I’ll give you the address and I’ll meet you in front of the building.”  She gave him an address a few miles away, said, “I’ll see you then,” and hung up.
"All right." This John looked like he dealt with odd situations all the time, but this was unique. "What were you doing before you woke up here?"
"It's not nearly as exciting in person," Sherlock said.  "You won't be there for the whole trial, though.  Just when you testify.  Do you know what that's going to be like?"
"No, he's here all day. He only leaves to get Kieran and Dierdre from school and when he has to go to bed."
"It was really ordinary.  Moira and I had a bit of a row when she got home from school - she wanted to put on a dirty sweatsuit and I told her no.  She yelled that she hated me and stormed out the door with Rory.  When she came back she said she was sorry and that she didn't hate me, and I said I knew that.  Other than that it was typical."
The man's eyes widened. "I suppose this means you'll be ordering far more fruit trays in the future?"
His face fell.  "I suppose that wouldn't be very nice for them."  He paused.  "And if Herc thinks it's mean to eat animals I don't think he'd like seeing some butterflies die on his -"
"Remember you can call me at any time," Sherlock said before he disconnected. He truly wished Phillip would call more often; he was so often distressed and Sherlock was sometimes able to calm him. Of course, Phillip didn't want to be seen as needy or hungry for his companionship, afraid it would have strings attached. He sighed; the poor boy had been through so much.
John headed to the kitchen to make coffee.  Sherlock came in holding Hamish and stood off to the side.  He didn't ask for any, and John didn't offer him any.  Once John had finished his own coffee, he said "Let's go hail a cab.  We should get there as early as possible so we can talk to Lou and Susan."  They both headed out the door.  Before they left Sherlock got both his coat and scarf and put them on.  It was hot already and the temperature was only going to rise, but John decided not to comment on it.  Mrs. Hudson stood out in the hall, but didn't say anything to either of them.
"No, I figured I'd eat once I was done questioning him. I suppose we'd be leaving the hospital? Can't imagine the food in the cafeteria is much better than what they serve on the patient trays," Lestrade chuckled.
"Not the most important, or my sister wouldn't be going through a divorce right now.  Intimacy was never a problem for them."  While John almost said "sex" instead of "intimacy" he thought that if he did use the word Sherlock would once again flee.
"Yes, that evil, scumbag K! Do you know why Phillip was asking about being arrested? Do you know what he thinks he's done?" John shook his head. Sherlock punched the chair in front of him before responding. "Assault! Sexual assault! K's convinced him that he was the one to initiate the sexual contact, that he is responsible for it, and that K only doesn't report him out of their kind heart." His voice dripped venom.
"When you are addicted, the drugs always come first."  Mrs. Bena's voice remained surprisingly calm.  "I told myself she was only three and wouldn't be able to remember it later anyway."
"What happened on that date at approximately four PM?"  Susan stepped back, as if to give her space to answer.
"He had always been fascinated with them, and in town there was a store that contained almost every kind of stuffed toy imaginable. I told him every time he saw it he could think of me. At the time, that seemed to make him happy." He shifted his glance again, from the window to his lap. "When I came home from school on the summer holiday, my brother had… changed. Not in any way I could really define. He was quieter. Not as bold, not asking questions, not following me around chattering. I'll admit I didn't notice this myself, not in a conscious way, until I noticed he had a book about insects I had never seen before. I was sure our mother hadn't given it to him, and I asked him where he got it. He told me that he had found it. Obviously this wasn't true, but he got so uneasy when I asked I didn't press him further. But that was what made me notice he had changed."
"Dr. Arthur," he said to himself.  Sherlock and Lestrade both turned to him.  "Sarah mentioned him to me not too long ago.  He was in the clinic asking for references of some sort.  Since he's apparently in the area, someone could talk to him as well."  He carefully left out the part where Sarah had mentioned horror stories about the man.
"Yes it would," John retorted.  "At the very least you could tell them that she's doing the same things with Phillip she did with you, even to the point of telling him the same lies."  Sherlock's eyes widened, and he looked away before curling up on himself.  "That's why you tell people you're a sociopath, isn't it?  She told you that you were a sexual psychopath just like she told Phillip."  John didn't know for sure that was the case, but if Phillip had merely told him what he'd been called before he wouldn't have been so anxious about it.  He'd even had the same sort of look on his face from when Phillip had mentioned he'd been made to abuse other children: a painful sort of understanding.
"She walked out of the store and I realized she still had my drink so I went after her.  I caught up with her on the pavement and she told me that she was sorry, she'd forgotten it wasn't hers, and she'd already opened it.  Then she gave me the open bottle."  John couldn't help but feel a sense of relief that the boy did not use the capital letters the other victims did.
"I get to see a psychiatrist too.  Once a week.  He's nice."  She still smiled as she said this, but some of the cheer had left her.  "Sometimes he talks to me dad too and once even Kieran came in.  We talk and play games."
Once the argument was over, Susan strolled up to the stand and said: "The prosecution calls Debra Bena."  The usher then lead in a thin woman in a new-looking dress.  She had short brown hair and an expression of grim determination on her face.  Even if John hadn't known beforehand she'd been in prison, it would have been obvious from her appearance and demeanor.
He only made out one word next to Her picture before he threw all the papers across the room. He didn't know what it was going to say, but he knew without seeing it that he didn't want to know what it was, that the contents would be like poison. He grabbed his coat and fled. It was like all his world had been blotted out by white-hot pain. And there was only one thing that could make it stop.
James looked at him for a moment. "We'll all be outside, then." He got up and left. Sherlock had no doubt that he was going to gather as many of the other homeless network members as he could to stake themselves outside the building. It was almost funny how they seemed to think they were the ones who had to protect him.
"How long does this go back?" His voice was still flat, but there was a storm beginning to brew in his eyes. "Do they know when it might have begun?"
"Enough," ordered Mr. Aherne. "Both of you find something to do that's not in this kitchen." They scampered into the living room and were soon sitting on the sofa, engrossed in the TV's soft glow. Apparently satisfied, he turned back to Sherlock and John. "Moira's in her room with the dog. It's just down the hall; the door should be open." He gestured down the way. "She will probably want the door to stay open while you talk to her."
"You sound like you're speaking from experience."  If he was trying to make a point about the case John couldn't make the connection.
"Yes," Susan said.  She and Lou exchanged a look.  "Anything else you'd like to mention to us?" she asked Sherlock, not looking like she was going to get an answer.  Sherlock shook his head.  "Then we won't intrude any more on your weekend."  They walked back towards the door, grabbed their umbrellas, and left.
"Nothing at first.  I sat down on her bed  and said that whatever she'd seen had frightened her a lot, and I'd like it if she could say something.  But she didn't talk until I mentioned the woman on the telly was in jail now."
Sherlock sat at the other side of the table with John.  He had put down the papers when they had first come in, and now he looked right at the family.  "Hello," he said gently.  "I understand that this is difficult for you.  However, right now there are children still around your foster mother.  They need your help now."
On that disturbing note, Judge Foster broke in with, "The court will adjourn for one hour."  Phillip was led away by an usher and the rest of the courtroom filed out the door.
Harvey stepped forward as soon as Susan had sat down and stood in front of Mrs. Bena.  "Hello," Harvey said coldly, not bothering to address her by name.
“Thank you.  I've got to run; Jennifer's waiting for me.”  He took Sherlock's hand and briefly shook it before heading out the door.  A few seconds after Mr. Ogbeide left Lestrade walked back into the room.
"Statistics are all well and good, but did you have any evidence that the father was responsible besides the statistics?"  Sherlock's gaze burned into Dr. Arthur.
"Not releasing it to anyone other than the solicitors for the defense.  They'd probably object to anything else.  There's a list of the victims that will be testifying, though."  He took another piece of paper and handed it over to Sherlock.
"Good idea," he said, and headed straight to the room.  It was unlocked, but no one was there, not even the buffalo.  John felt odd sitting in the front row, since the buffalo had a monopoly on it, but now he was right in front of the witness stand where Sherlock couldn't miss him.
"Go sit on the sofa and I'll get you a cup."  Phillip went to sit on the sofa and Sherlock sat down next to him.  John mixed the cocoa and brought the mug to Phillip.  "Do you want to talk by yourselves?  I can go upstairs," he said.
"So Dr. Arthur assumed some foreigner had to be responsible, because he's a racist and sexist git," John added.  "Now I know why Sarah had so many horror stories about him."
Sherlock got up from the couch, like he hadn't heard him.  "I expect us to be leaving for the general area by noon.  I trust you will be ready then."  He vanished into the stairwell and after a few minutes John could hear the shower running.
"Asked me if I loved him and I said I did.  She asked if he was at school and I said yes.  Then She said it might be better to not tell him we were friends.  He'd gone away to school and he'd come back and think he knew everything and would try to stop me from going there.  I asked if I had to not tell Mummy too, and She said that as long as I didn't tell her anything that went on with us it'd be okay if she knew I was friends with Her."
John wasn't sure if it was just that the owner considered them always welcome or its overall atmosphere, but he always enjoyed going to Angelo's.  It had a warm, cozy atmosphere that was like a soft jumper you could wrap yourself in.  The smell of Italian food was rich in the air, and he realized he was starving.  Sherlock only glanced at the menu before putting it down, while John spent a few minutes before choosing a dish.  "Wine?" Sherlock asked once he looked up from the menu.
The rest of the evening passed in a haze. John eventually came into his room and asked permission to sleep there. He let him and eventually drifted off himself. Only the ring of his mobile awakened him.
"Then I asked since he was a detective, if he could help me if I got arrested.  He said that he might be able to help me if I did.  Then he asked why I was worried about it."
After that, an uncomfortable silence fell between the three of them, and they did not talk as they took the lift down to the ground floor and headed towards the exit. Donovan did tell him "Thank you anyway, John," before they separated, and John was left only with his thoughts as he hailed a cab and headed home. It seemed like a very long ride.
"If it was really going on for years it's going to take a much longer time to deal with it, especially since you said that he's never talked about it before," Mari broke in.
John glanced over at Lestrade to see he still had a surprised look on his face. He understood – even after all this time it still seemed surreal to have Sherlock be so genuinely nice.
"Your hat," he repeated, like it was obvious what he meant.  "The one like the little beanie with the ear flaps!"
"Sometimes," Phillip whispered.  "I shouldn't have given you that address," he continued a second later like that was a perfectly natural segue in conversation.  "I was at Her flat that evening and She was sleeping.  Usually She's holding me so tight I can't move but this time She'd let go with one arm."
And in fact that was what he did for the next few hours, after making himself a sandwich and tea.  (Sherlock took the tea and declined a sandwich.)  Not content to simply do the puzzles, however, he kept up a constant chatter that only seemed vaguely aware of whether Sherlock said anything or not.  “I think this goes near that face.  No, maybe it’s part of the sand.”
"Even the males.  Kids at that age have raging hormones but they're not quite sure what to do with them yet."
Ella didn't seem particularly surprised by what he’d said.  "I can't say I've never treated a patient who's suffered from it, but it is certainly not my area of expertise.  How did you find out about this?"
"I knew who'd done it," Mrs. Bena replied.  Her voice wavered, and John half expected her to turn away, but she continued to look out at the courtroom.
"Enough!  I have explained my reasoning to you already!  If all you can do is attack me then this conversation is over."  Without another word but clearly seething with rage, Dr. Arthur stormed out the door and into the confines of the hospital.  Sherlock watched him walk away with a small smile on his face.  Apparently the conversation had been helpful to him at the very least.
"A bumblebee? You had a stuffed bumblebee?" John wasn't sure why this seemed to be the strangest thing he'd heard today, but it was.
"I just think that she's been through so much, and she's shy.  I don't know if she's going to do well when the defense solicitors question her."  He sighed.  "At least when they question me I'll be ready for it."
“I know She had a camera in her room,” Christine said.  “I’d have to do things to myself and She would record them. Said that either I’d do it when I knew the camera was there or She’d hide it in Her room and I’d never know when it was recording.  But She never made me do anything to my brothers.”
"Because someone I knew talked to Mummy."  Sherlock's use of the childish term combined with the stuffed animal in his hands made him seem even more vulnerable.
"Can you point her out?"  Kieran pointed without hesitation to the dock where K sat.  "No further questions," Susan said as soon as he was done.
"No. No one. I'm not familiar with enough people in the area to know anyone well, though." He paused to swallow. "Moira's shy and she's had some trouble since we moved from Donegal. She's had trouble making friends, so there isn't anyone that you could focus on the family members."
"Why the world news?" John asked.  Peter narrowed his eyes, and John quickly added "It just doesn't seem like the best thing for someone with mental problems."
"Yes I do, young man, but those won't be much help if you're looking for this Dana Lester.  All starter checks.  You boys don't really remember when everyone had to write checks, but the bank would always give you a few of them without a name or address on them to get you started.  No store would take them, but you could still use them for individual people.  And the numbers are always different after about eight of them or so.  Whoever Dana Lester may be, they make sure to cover their tracks."  She nodded sagely.  "I sometimes wonder if all that isn't on the up and up, but there's nothing in the flat that would tell you that."
"I didn't think I'd like it as much as I did. But I like how it sounds. Nice and sweet." Another pause, this one longer than before. "You know, we've been talking for a while and you haven't asked me any questions about how I broke my arm yet."
"I want you to eat something before we go down to the Yard."  While under ordinary circumstances, John knew Sherlock would have scorned such specific direction, but the encounter with K had taken all the energy out of him.  In fact, he seemed strangely relieved that someone was taking up those roles.  "I'm going to make breakfast," he added as he left the room.  Once he was in the kitchen he busied himself with making bacon and eggs.  He usually didn't eat such a elaborate breakfast, but it seemed more energizing than cereal or toast.
"You mean you can't tell just from looking at me?" He realized that had came out much more harshly than he'd intended, and added, "Sorry. It was just…that bad."
“Were you trying to break his arm?”  Sherlock's voice was so quiet as he said that it was hard to tell he had spoken at all.
I picked a girl as the first victim because frankly physical signs of abuse would be much easier to notice and not be handwaved away as caused by something else. If Sarah hadn't chatted with Phillip a bit she'd have never gotten his vague statement in the first place.
"No.  They already had stuff to worry about and I didn't know if they could find another place for me to be seen.  And I thought if my legs really looked bad I did need to see someone, and if it meant She'd leave my brothers and sisters alone I'd put up with it."
"Stay."  Sherlock looked as surprised he said it as John felt hearing it.  "Just for tonight, please."
As soon as they were back home and in the sitting room, Sherlock flopped down on the sofa and wrapped himself around Hamish.  By now John had gotten used to the large stuffed toy accompanying Sherlock as he went around the flat.  He only occasionally did experiments now, but when he did Hamish was at his side, sitting on a stool of his own.  Every morning he came downstairs with the bee tucked under one arm, only putting him down when something required two hands.  In that event, Hamish would be placed on the sofa, and John knew better than to move the toy.  Most importantly, Hamish got brought up to bed every night.  Sherlock would wrap his arms around the bee and hug it to his chest.  Only then was John allowed to get in himself.
Sherlock nodded briefly at the man.  “We’re on your side, you know.  All of us are just as keen to find this K as you are.  And believe me when I say the last thing I want to see is your daughter getting hurt again.”  He turned back to Moira.  “Is there anything else you might be able to tell us?”
Unlike the previous days, Lou and Susan appeared in the courtroom before even the reporters.  They ushered a man, woman, and three children to a space near the back, on the other side from the dock.  The family sat down, and Lou and Susan left.  John could see they all looked anxious, with the exception of the baby on his mother's lap.  One of the girls, the older-looking of the two, said something to her father, who then put his arm around her.  Neither the buffalo nor the reporters that came in appeared to pay them any notice.
"Little," Phillip said.  "I think it was a little after we first met.  I remember She had this blouse with flowers on it and I put my hand down it.  Then She grabbed my wrist and said you had to ask before you did something like that.  Because I hadn't She said She thought I couldn't control that part of me, and when I grew up I might attack people on the street.  If I wanted to learn control I'd have to go to Her any time I felt something like that so other people could be safe."  He paused.  "When I got older She called me that more and more.  She'd say I could barely wait for Her to take Her clothes off, and if I didn't learn some patience I'd be sent to jail.  Since I was doing so much with Her.  But She said She liked me so much She wouldn't tell them how bad I was so I could still be her friend.  If I didn't want to come with Her to the flat or anywhere else She would ask me if I wanted to grow up to be a psychopath."  Another pause.  While he was still leaning on Sherlock he had gone back to looking at his hands.  "You're right, I didn't know what that meant at first.  But eventually I figured it out.  That's why no one likes me."
It only stopped around three in the morning, when he woke to the sound of Sherlock pacing downstairs.  He lay in bed for a few minutes, hearing Sherlock say "I must, I must, I must," over and over again.  Knowing that Sherlock was so anxious about the trial didn't make John feel any better, but when he fell back asleep he had no more dreams.
"Very. I keep telling him that it'll help all the other kids she could hurt and that helps." If anyone in the room knew it was the trial that was all over the news they didn't mention it. They all listened to Gloria like it was new to them.
The title of the story comes from a book about missing people in the USA, The Last Place You'd Look, by Carole Moore. It seemed to depict the uncertainty in a lot of child abuse cases very well.
Sherlock did nothing of the sort but didn't flee. He still looked terrified. He started to feel around with his free hand and John guessed he was looking for Hamish.
"Yeah," Moira said and then buried her head in her arms.  Lou walked over to the witness stand and talked quietly with her and the judge.
"She told me to take my clothes off and lie on the bed with him.  I did, and She said that he'd really like it if I kissed him on his penis.  I didn't think he would, since I didn't like it, but when I didn't do it right away She said that if I didn't She might not want to be my friend anymore.  So I did it.  I could hear a camera click while I did it.  I'd seen her taking pictures of us before and..."  He turned away from the microphone and said something to Lou.  Lou motioned to the judge and he spoke.
"Yes, him.  He showed a stubborn refusal to admit the existence of viewpoints other than his own, but he didn't lie.  He did not even lie by omission or by crafting his words so someone would get the opposite impression of what was true, as so many do."
"You know Her solicitors are going to try to savage you on the stand," Sherlock warned him.  "They won't be too hard on Moira since she's a child and no one wants to be seen as harassing someone that young.  You're out in the open."
"How did you know I was left-handed?" His voice was almost a whisper, a low voice that wouldn't attract attention.
John barely remembered the next minute or two; the solicitors talked to the judge but he wasn't able to remember anything they said.  They're pinning it all on Sherlock, he thought to himself with dread.  It was almost another way to victimize him, even after so long.  Would the jury be able to see through it?  Or would Dr. Martin earn that smug grin?
"Of course you can.  You're always welcome here."  Eli shook his hand before leaving and it lifted his spirits on the walk home.
"Because She told me that.  Because of what I did when I met Her."  There were more disapproving sounds.  John felt pleased by that; it was obvious Harvey's attempt to portray Phillip as a budding sexual predator just made it more clear he was a brainwashed and scared child.
In contrast to how Lestrade deals with Sherlock, he can be more direct with Mr. Aherne. This is both because he doesn't know him as well and because he connects to him on a primal level, as they're both fathers.
Moira now stood in front of Sherlock, still grinning.  "Hi!  Last week was our tenth birthday.  We had curry and ice cream and cake and we went to the Doctor Who experience!  And Kieran and I joined the swim club and I met a girl there my age who's got a twin brother too!  She's even got a brother and sister who are twins and she came to our party with her brother and we don't go to the same school but she lives nearby.  Her family has a dog too but it's a little Sealyham and they have a cat with two different color eyes that's deaf and has extra toes!"
John shuddered as he recalled both Phillip's fear he would be arrested and how even he had thought that if K had claimed to have been the victim he would have believed her.  "You've got those pictures, though."
"His mother?"  It took John a second to realize what she meant.  "No, his mother just didn't really care about him.  It was her."  He hadn't meant to add the last part, but he was looking at the picture of K and it slipped out.
“They’re used to send coded messages.  To spies, presumably, although I don’t think anyone has admitted to running one.”
He decided that a walk would do him some good and get rid of some of the pent-up anger, so he headed outside and roamed the streets for an hour or so.  It didn't help.  He still came back home feeling like he wanted to punch someone.  A particular someone, of course.  The urge was strong enough that John had to remind himself that he was supposed to be the well-behaved one and not the one that shot up the walls.  Anyway, it might wake up Sherlock.  While he didn't go upstairs again to check on him, he assumed that since Sherlock didn't come back downstairs he was either asleep or otherwise occupied.  He didn't think he could do anything about the horrible anger inside him, and as a result he spent several hours that night staring at the bedroom ceiling, trying to blot out the past twenty-four hours.
"Don't be smart with me. You're lucky I don't make you live in the shed with the geese." Douglas turned on his heel and headed into the house without a word.
When she finished the story, Lou said, "No further questions," and went to sit next to Susan again.  Clark then came up to the stand.  He didn't seem nearly as relaxed as Lou was and John wondered if that was a result of Moira's testimony.
"Different how?" he retorted.  "Both of you even met her at the same age.  What makes Phillip different than you?"
"We did get an ice cream.  We went back to the park to eat it.  We sat inside the place I had hidden under.  Then She said that it was a good thing I'd shown Her how I couldn't control myself, because She liked me."
John decided that now was not the time to push the issue.  "All right, I'm going back."  His head was spinning.  Part of him just wanted Mycroft to conveniently vanish K and make the whole stress of more evidence finding and the trial go away.  Even if that happened, though, John knew that nothing that the case had stirred up would go away.  Truthfully, it was a miracle that Sherlock had gone this long without collapsing.  Maybe it was the fact that he was being brought face to face with his abuser as well as living with someone he was clearly interested in a relationship with, sex or no sex. As much as he wanted Sherlock to see a therapist about all this, he knew he couldn't force him.  They were both too far on the rollercoaster at this point to get off.
"I guess you can call it that. If there's a romance with no dates or touching and a giant stuffed animal seperates the two of you in bed every night."
"Six. Kieran's nine like me. We're twins. I'm the oldest." By this point Moira looked more like an average child than a victim of a crime. Perhaps it was still too early to ask the big questions, but John was aware his time was limited. Her guard was clearly down.
"I don't remember," Moira quickly replied, making it obvious that whatever it was she didn't want to discuss it.
"It's right here in the book case." There were footsteps. "Here it is. Those are all my scientist books, right next to them."
"Some," John said awkwardly. After that, he wasn't surprised to see Sherlock heading back to his room and slamming the door behind him. He sat down on the chair that had been punched earlier, lost in thought. Was Sherlock trying to tell him that he didn't get involved in romantic relationships because he couldn't tolerate physical intimacy? To a certain degree, he could express affection; he had hugged Mrs. Hudson when they first met. Of course, that could be because he knew that would always be nonsexual touch. The fit he'd thrown about Phillip Rodgers was even more unusual. John suspected that while he was indeed describing Phillip's mindset about his "crime," he was also talking about his own experience. The thought of convincing a four-year-old child that it was their fault someone was sexually abusing them was so disturbing John found himself wishing he could have a few minutes alone with this K. Even that thought was too horrible to hold for more than a minute or two, so he turned on the telly and watched a football game without knowing what either team was, anything that happened during it, or really anything other than the fact it served as effective mental static. He watched without seeing for hours, ate a quick supper, and spent most of the night staring at the ceiling of his bedroom, unable to sink into any form of useful rest.
"How much of what you found is in that file?" Sherlock asked, his voice indicating he thought they were spending too much time on trivial things.
Abuse is one of those topics that everyone and their cousin likes to mine for angst, especially sexual abuse, but it's not often done well. Almost everyone is aware of the problem of magical healing sex, and I think people write it with good intentions, but having one good sexual experience isn't going to suddenly blot out the bad ones. Some of the problems I see in other fics aren't as recognized. Very few stories make a point of mentioning that children - and even adults - have mixed feelings towards an abuser, and most stories include anger and self-blame, but not anything positive. I'm not sure how much of this I conciously thought of when I started the story, but I was very aware that I wanted to touch on various unpleasant apsects that don't show up in a lot of stories.
"Hello, Moira, I'm Mr. Clark and I'm just going to ask you a few questions," he said in a falsely cheerful tone.
"You delete his texts," John pointed out. "Is there a particular reason you want to avoid him so much?"
"Do I have to look at Her?"  Even though Lestrade had spoken to her, she still kept her gaze on Sherlock.
"Yes.  When I'm stressed I bake - cakes, biscuits, all sorts of puddings - so for the last three weeks I've had the bottle sitting on the counter all the time."  She gave a half-smile.  "Did your sister make it past that?"
"And you never got it back?" She sounded sad herself, but John reminded himself that a child would of course mourn the loss of a toy, or even the idea of losing one.
"Yeah," Moira said softly. "I was sleeping and he woke us all up and said we had to go to the doctor now." She shivered. "Then they saw me and Kieran and Dierdre downstairs and they said I needed stitches and I got a shot and then they stitched them up. Then I came up here."
"I'd brought some books and a picture of our family, which she was happy to get, but she did seem more anxious.  Jumped every time someone came in."
"How wise of Carolyn.  I believe I'll refrain from them myself."  Carolyn, Douglas, Arthur, and his body was named Martin.  That little bit of information would make things easier.
John must have fallen asleep eventually, because when he opened his eyes the sun was up and had clearly been so for some time.  He almost didn't want to go downstairs.  Yesterday had been so dramatic that they would both be feeling the effects of it.  And of course today Moira was going to have to identify K from a lineup.  He knew that he couldn't avoid any of this, so he showered, got dressed, and headed downstairs.
"So this woman, even if you've identified her correctly, could be not doing anything but delivering her?"  Harvey smiled, like Mrs. Bena was caught in a trap.
