John let go of Sherlock’s wrist and made to take a step back but Sherlock’s hand shot out and grabbed him, his grip surprisingly strong.
John still won’t meet his gaze. Sherlock can see the water beaded on the lashes of his downcast eyes; Sherlock wants to kiss them dry.
Sherlock watches helplessly as John gently extricates himself from Sherlock’s arms and makes his way out of the bed.
Moriarty pressed his face in close to John’s as he continued digging with the nail of his thumb, hatred naked on his face.
The guests were still pouring out of the smoking ballroom, staggering down the hallway and up the stairs at the other end. There were most likely more armed men waiting to deal with the guests above deck but he didn’t have time to worry about them now. He had to get to Sherlock.
John had never met a man in all his years who was both so enthusiastic and skilled at pleasuring this particular organ.
And though he’s careful to keep his movements far from the gun deck and the pumps, there’s always a half-formed hope in Sherlock’s heart that one of these days when he’s turning a corner, he’ll just
John groans above him, the muscles in his thighs tensing, his fingers tightening in Sherlock’s hair.
He felt Sherlock’s free hand settle in the dip at the base of his spine and pull him one step closer, bringing their bodies fully into alignment. John felt his heart stutter in his chest.
He goes to stand at the railing, breathing in deep lungfuls of the warm tropical air in an attempt to clear his head.
“You did the right thing, John. Actually I can’t believe you’re still here—I was hoping you’d manage to get away when they came in the room.” Sherlock draws a sharp breath, feeling his lungs tighten again at the memory. “I was so frightened they’d find you.”
The truth of the matter was so plain Sherlock couldn’t hide from it anymore: His mother and father were happy to be rid of him, and so was Mycroft.
Sherlock does not know if it’s the alcohol he’s drunk, or his rage at having been interrupted when he was
“I’m supposed to be helping you, remember? We’ve got to keep up our end of the deal with Lestrade. What if he asks us later? What will I tell him?”
He remembers how small the coffin was; how tightly he had clung to Mycroft’s hand when they’d lowered it into the ground, how Mycroft had refused to let go when Sherlock tried to approach their mother—he had looked down at Sherlock and simply shaken his head.
He holds it reverently for a moment in his hands, and then he presses it to his face, inhaling deeply—the scent of it, the scent of Sherlock is so strong, John almost cries out.
But just as Sherlock is about to give up entirely he hears the angry voice of a frustrated sailor from further down the deck.
He tips his head back against the wall in surrender, unconsciously baring his throat, his eyes sliding shut.
Sherlock leans against the main mast to listen, tucked mostly out of sight at the back of the crowd. He has a clear view of John from where he stands, but John would have to know he was there to look to find him.
“Do it, John.” The expression in Sherlock’s eyes was making John’s pulse pound along the length of his cock.
“Thoroughly fucked,” Sherlock said, his own voice like ground glass rubbed in velvet. He stretched, pushing his fists up over his head into the pillows and arching his back.
He cannot stop the chorus of desperate little moans streaming from his mouth, nor can he stop the force of his hips rising up to meet each of John’s strokes.
The majority of the dogs were kept in wire cages stacked two deep like luggage in a cargo bin, however a large number were chained in various locations throughout the warehouse—starving, misshapen from years of inbreeding, many missing ears and tails.
If Sherlock was certain the situation could not possibly get worse, he realizes now with dawning horror, just how unmistakably wrong he was. Anderson has appeared at the heart of the crowd of sailors, his smug face fixed with a pompous and self-important expression.
Sherlock sees the flash of answering curiosity in John’s eyes. He presses his tongue in at the corner of his smile as he considers Sherlock.
A cold and impenetrable silence had settled between them, but for John’s part he was only registering it with one faraway piece of his mind; the rest of him felt shut away in a box somewhere—an iron-clad, heavily padlocked box, lying in a chest at the bottom of the sea. For the moment, all he could think about was climbing the stairs to his bedroom and crawling in between the sheets to sleep for what he hoped would be the next three days.
John’s mind was racing. He had a strong suspicion that this was about something else he had written but he had no way of knowing what. Could it have been his admission that for one moment he had wondered whether Sally Donovan was right? His own words came back to him like a slap in the face.
Furious, terrified, Sherlock drops to his knees and crawls under his bed to drag out his violin case, fingers shaking as he flips open the clasps.
Whatever he finds in his assessment of Sherlock he seems to determine it isn’t worth his interest as he continues on his way down the passageway without stopping to wait for a response.
“When the building first went up people thought it was hideous.” Sherlock said, leaning over conversationally as though he could read John’s thoughts. The low gust of his breath was warm against John’s ear. “One critic said it was like an elephant stuck in the intestines. Even the Emperor hated it. The architect was so wounded by the criticism he hanged himself.” Sherlock straightened up as the attendants began pushing open the heavy doors to the theater. “Ah good, we’re going in.”
He pulled his shirt off over his head, shucked off his trousers and socks until he was in nothing but his pants, then he lay down on Sherlock’s bed and finished his popsicle.
so much, if he concentrates on the feeling of John under his hand, focuses on the shifting expressions on his face, he can find his way there.
John’s hands on his forearms squeeze gently in encouragement; Sherlock can feel John’s eyes on his even though he’s not looking at him.
He wants to reach up and catch hold of John’s hand, to press it in apology, but he does not dare show so much open affection in this public place.
He slides his hands up to grip John by the waist in entreaty, his voice pitifully desperate. “J—John, please—Please, I
“I’ve always been fascinated by anatomy.” Sherlock looks down shyly, considering his long pale fingers. “My father has an enormous library so I learned as much as I could from books.”
A large man named McKinley answers him, his booming voice filled with mild scorn. “Don’t be daft, boy! The point is to provide an opportunity for good relations between passengers and officers. Give us the chance to get to know one another better, lift the spirits and all that.”
Lestrade’s eyes are unfocused but he manages to sit up with John’s help, slumped over on his shoulder.
He follows John down the staircase to his room, his eyes intent on the lines of John’s strong shoulders as they descend the steps. He thinks fleetingly of the last time he watched John walk away from him earlier today and Sherlock has to bite his tongue to keep the memory of John’s strong thighs and buttocks from completely overwhelming his current mental faculties.
Sherlock can see the force clearly in each of Deverall’s strokes. There is sweat standing out on Deverall’s brow, whether from exertion or distress, Sherlock cannot be sure. Baynes’ cries of pain now do not stop.
The Damson family must have beat a hasty retreat as soon as the captain finished speaking and Sherlock notices that many of the elderly passengers are absent, such as Mr. and Mrs. Whitehall, and Sherlock’s next-door neighbor and erstwhile whist-playing companion, Ms. Simpson.
“In that case, I’m certain your friend will be just fine. It’s no wonder it took such a strong dosage to sedate him.”
John clenched his fists against his thighs, helpless all over again in the face of his rage, which felt as raw, as overwhelming as it had that day. He shut his eyes, drew a deep breath and let it out slowly.
Sherlock does not know what to say. How can he explain his dislike of the man without giving voice to his jealousy?
The realization that John is offering to stay for his sake alone—because he knows how much hearing this music might matter to Sherlock—it makes something hot and bright flash through Sherlock.
“J-John,” Sherlock gasps as he follows John’s command, linking his arms behind John’s neck, glad to have a direction from John for what to do with his body as the contact of John’s hot and rigid cock against his own has driven every coherent thought from his mind.
John’s knees are pulled in against his chest, his elbows resting on his knees, and for a moment, fear beats hot and tight in Sherlock’s throat because John’s wounded hands are covering his face and Sherlock cannot see his expression.
Sherlock opens his eyes again, studies the pattern of light streaming in through the cracks of his cabin, and guesses it must be mid-morning.
He knows the answer but he cannot bear to think it. However, he can feel it down to the center of his bones.
He briefly caresses Sherlock cheek before dropping his hand back to his side. Sherlock feels the loss of that brief touch like a sudden chill.
Sherlock stalked past Donovan and Andersen, toward the doorway through which the forensics team was exiting.
Sherlock nods, his eyes wide, and then, because he’s tired of waiting for John’s thumb to start moving again, he pushes his mouth into the palm of John’s hand, parting his lips against it, his breath stuttering out in a plume of heat. He presses a kiss to the center of John’s hand and then pulls it down to clasp it with his own against his stomach.
Sherlock has to drop his eyes again; he cannot bear to look at John while saying this for fear of what he’ll see in John’s eyes.
It’s hotter in Sherlock’s cabin now that it’s fully daylight, hotter than it was before—too hot, for them to be lying comfortably so close together. Sherlock can see the sheen of sweat on John’s forehead, glistening on his arms, but instead of the heat making him look splotchy and flustered like it does to Sherlock, it seems to suit him, drawing out the dark gold color of his skin, making him shine.
“All right all right I have a request,” John stammers, sounding drunk. “Keep doing what you’re doing but give me—” John shifts his hips, pushing them into Sherlock’s hand. “Give me more force. I can’t—I can’t take much more of this.”
He pressed the point of the marker to the skin under John’s throat and drew a thick black line down between his ribs.
He heard Sherlock make a sound like a sob beneath him, and rise up on his elbows to push himself closer to John. He let go of John’s arms and reached up to cup John’s face between his hands, kissing him back with equal tenderness and fervor.
John said nothing. He could feel the panic rising up the back of his throat as Moriarty’s words leapt and slithered to the forefront of his brain. No, he didn’t want to remember. Not yet.
“I mean it.” Sherlock’s arms were still fastened around John’s neck. He used his hold on John to pull John down against him. His mouth was still pressed to the skin of John’s throat, open, warm and wet.
It wouldn’t be so hard to tolerate John’s absence, or the fear of harm befalling him, if there was just something Sherlock could
Sherlock feels his cheeks color despite his best efforts to the contrary but then realizes that the look of embarrassment lends credit to his position—let Ferguson believe he’s simply a naïve youth who’s used up his precious stash of tobacco.
, it’s impossible that he should be able to do this, to touch John like this—he can scarcely believe that it’s real.
“I’ll let you get to work.” His voice was back to its regular tone, matter of fact, slightly cold. “I apologize if I made you late.”
He studies Sherlock over his hands with that same unnervingly scrutinizing gaze, and once again, Sherlock is filled with the uncomfortable sensation that the captain can see inside his head, as though he can look straight through his skin and see every movement of Sherlock’s inner world, including every capillary and vein, the transparent beating of Sherlock’s heart.
“Still all right?” John asks, and Sherlock hears something unsteady in his voice, a note of another emotion John is struggling to contain.
“Look at you, my beauty,” he’ll say. “We made it, we’re finally here,” and he’ll kiss the skin beneath each fallen petal until Sherlock’s breathing becomes shallow and desperate, until he pulls John’s mouth up to his and begs him to make love to him.
“Will you tell, John,” Sherlock reaches up to seize hold of Billy’s shoulders again. “Tell him I’m sorry I did what I did. Tell him I was looking for you—that I know it was a stupid thing to do—and I’m sorry. But more than anything, remember to tell him, from me, not to do anything reckless in turn. Tell him I’m
There are a few minor adjustments needed—the hair is all wrong, and needs to be hidden more convincingly beneath the cap; but more than that, Sherlock realizes she needs to learn to hold herself differently. The way she stands is all wrong—it’s a dead giveaway.
He was just opposite the double doors where he and Sherlock had come in, and he had to stop and shove his gun in his pocket in order to send Sherlock a text. He noted absently that the doors to the ballroom were closed.
The blazing light in Sherlock’s eyes seemed to intensify, seemed to throw the grooves of sorrow on his face into sharper relief. “Why does it have to be logical?”
“They couldn’t take me away from you because none of them matter, John.” Sherlock’s voice is fierce, breaking, almost crackling with urgency—his fingers tightening in John’s hair. “There isn’t anyone but you. There never will be. It’s only you. John. Look at me—
“Yes, what do I know? It’s not as if I’m a medical professional.” Out of the corner of his eye, John could see one limp wrist dangling over the end of the couch.
“I’m not good with words, John. I can’t—can’t tell you what you mean to me. But I can try and show you—” John squeezed Sherlock’s fingers between his own as Sherlock’s eyes darted up to his, anxious, filled with longing. “Will you let me show you?”
Sherlock licks his cracked lips, wide eyes still roaming disbelievingly over the John-shaped apparition that has appeared before him.
“What?” Sherlock asks, but he knows already, for John’s fear must be the same as his. The possibility of it is so tantalizing, so close, almost within their reach and yet…
—all of John, so he spares a moment to pull off John’s shoes and tug his trousers the rest of the way down his legs, delighting in the moment when John is standing fully nude before him.
Sherlock’s hands slid down John’s arms to grasp him by the wrists, pinning his hands at his sides, his tongue pushing deep into John’s mouth to stroke his tongue with palpable force, establishing a rhythm that pulled noises out of the depths of John’s throat he hadn’t even known he was possible of making.
He places his fingers beneath Sherlock’s chin, and tips Sherlock’s gaze up to meet his own, his eyes so dark on Sherlock’s, so deep. “You know how I love you, don’t you? I need you to know, Sherlock. Tell me you know this.”
They’ve quieted now, transported by the sweet tenor of John’s voice to a completely different world from the sunset deck where they all currently sit.
With another distant part of his brain, John registered that Sherlock’s stiffness beside him had grown worse. He was like a statue—his hands cold, unmoving under John’s.
Sherlock creeps forward on silent feet—still quiet, still careful—not wanting to be recognized by the men at the helm if he can help it.
But his pleasure—however vicious—is short-lived as Anderson refuses to break his gaze, even after Sherlock stares back at him with all the hatred he can muster, his own mouth convulsing to a sneer. Even then, Anderson goes on staring, the cold fury in his eyes so unpleasant that finally it is Sherlock who is forced to look away and retreat, with hurried footfalls, toward the staircase at the back of the ship.
Sherlock can hear from the tone of Burn’s voice that this is a pointless command; the wind is not going to pick up anytime soon. They all know this.
Worse than that though, worse than the memory of his lifeless hands, the blank inhuman quality in his gaze was the fact that Moriarty was right. He was right about John. He wanted Sherlock. He wanted Sherlock with an intensity that far surpassed any of his attractions in the past. How he had remained ignorant of that fact up until now was impossible for him to understand. How had it taken the observations of a psychopath for John to notice what he himself had missed?
It is John’s voice speaking to him that pulls him back to earth—no, not earth, Sherlock blearily thinks, as he registers John’s arms around him, holding him up—back to the worm-eaten wood of the ship, his dark bunk. He wonders briefly what it will feel like to walk on solid earth again, without the constant lurching, the sickening swell that’s always trying to throw him off his feet.
There is no time to think, no time to protest. He and John are pushed together, their shoulders knocking hard against one another, the crowd surging in behind them with shouts and jeers to press them toward the edge of the deck. John takes hold of Sherlock’s hand, squeezes it tightly as they’re driven toward the railing. The last thing Sherlock sees before they’re shoved over the edge is Anderson’s maniacal, grinning face stretched in a rictus of demonic glee.
“You are…” John licks his lips, shakes his head and tries again. “That was… that was the most incredible sex I’ve ever had.”
The furrow between Sherlock’s brows deepened. His eyes were still focused on the glass between his fingers.
If John went into the kitchen to make tea, Sherlock would come in after him and start cooking toenails in the microwave or insist that he needed all four burners to make a tincture for removing human skin. If John tried to watch television, Sherlock would sit beside him and immediately change the channel, practically crawling into John’s lap in his efforts to steal the remote. If John went to sit by the fireplace Sherlock would begin sawing angrily on his violin.
The twinge of jealousy Sherlock experiences as he thinks of John’s former lovers evaporates in an instant, at the feeling of the pads of John’s fingers slipping over Sherlock’s, the oil making the movement fluid, making even this innocent touch between them layered with sensation.
Sherlock was still looking at his mouth, his expression hazy. John felt his heart give a little jolt, still shocked at the knowledge that he could affect this gorgeous, impossible man so deeply with something as simple as a kiss.
Sherlock looks down at the swollen length of John’s cock where it’s straining up against his stomach, the head of it flushed and leaking, and feels a hard tug of arousal in his abdomen.
Sherlock says this with a grim feeling of satisfaction. With any luck, Anderson is in the brig and will remain there for several days.
Sherlock sits on his knees, leaning forward with eagerness, his attention rapt on John’s face, the soft ‘O’ of his mouth stretching open as his fingers curl around himself, his eyes fluttering completely shut.
“We should…” Sherlock glances over at the now-sleeping man, lowering his voice. “Shouldn’t we let him rest?”
The sweet vibration of the instrument as he pulls out the first note is so lovely, so satisfying Sherlock can feel it all the way down to his bones. It’s like a piece of himself that has been missing all these months has suddenly been handed back to him.
His expression of feigned terror must be somewhat effective because he watches Ferguson draw a deep breath and visibly try to calm himself.
To Sherlock’s horror, he feels his throat go tight in response to Molly’s words, and the vaguely reassured feeling caused by Molly’s offering of comfort leaves him as quickly as it came. Sherlock can feel something inside of himself closing over in response, shutting her out.
Sherlock smiles at him in return. “Go on then. Maybe I’ll see you back up on deck when you’re done.”
Moving his hands to John’s hips, Sherlock had lowered them both to the ground, his tongue now firmly in John’s mouth, sucking on it as though John’s mouth was the hollow of a flower and his tongue full of nectar.
dead what reason do I have to detain you here? Well, no reason, aside from the fact that you now know far more than is good for you, and the fact that you showed up on our doorstep with
Perhaps that was why John didn’t hear it until he crouched down between the table and a door leading outside, the sound of another person breathing in the corner of the room.
Sherlock arches his neck to look up at John; distressed to see that John looks as exhausted now as he did when he arrived four hours ago. “I’m glad you slept.”
doesn’t make sense is why he would feel obliged to poison Lieutenant Lestrade halfway through the voyage.
Anderson’s face ripples with rage, before going absolutely stiff. He leans in close to Sherlock, his face a mask of hatred.
John took this as a sign of encouragement and went back into the kitchen to see what they had in the fridge that was still edible. He found half a container of curry from a couple of nights ago and heated up a generous portion for Sherlock. He would spoon-feed it to the man if he had to. Sometimes it seemed to John like Sherlock was intent on driving himself to an early grave.
They’d been on the living room sofa at the time and Sherlock had been so startled by the interruption that he’d fallen off the couch.
He really believed, after Anderson had taken control of John’s mess, that that was the end of it—that the night of the party had been his one and only opportunity to take part in something like that.
John’s answering breath is a long coil of heat against the base of Sherlock’s cock; it is exquisite torture.
“Yeah,” Matthews chimes in with a dreamy quality to his voice. “It really added to our celebrations last night when we heard Deverall locked him up.”
Every time he shuts his eyes and tries to clear his mind and wait for sleep to come, his thoughts are flooded with memories of John’s hands against him, the glow of John’s body in the light of the candles, John’s soft, hot mouth under his own, John’s thighs gripping him, John’s lips tracing the tendon in his throat—the feeling of John’s cock beneath his hand. The sensations are too numerous for him to count, he wants to go over every one in his mind, relive every moment, obsessively catalogue each press, each touch of John’s body against his—how he looked, how he tasted in every moment, the slide of his hands, the hitch of his breath, the way his mouth curled up at the corner as he looked at Sherlock—so that he cannot possibly forget a single one of them.
Sherlock knows it’s meant to be a joke but something about the remark makes sorrow open in him like a wound.
Sherlock worked his fingers slowly, in and out of John, stretching them slightly every now and then, giving his body time to adjust. He placed his other hand on John’s spread thigh, fingers massaging lightly, sending little ripples of sensation up and down his limbs.
Sherlock chooses to imagine that this is how they find him (he cannot bear it otherwise), and that John’s men settle themselves at a table partway down the deck, in the glow of lantern light, where they can see the shadows of the swaying hammocks; where they can watch who comes and goes.
He dreams of the ocean floor, its caverns and dark grottos, peaks of coral rising up like pale mountains to break the surface of the waves, covered here and there with strange flowers that open and close in the gentle rhythm of the surf, frail golden tendrils uncurling from each flower’s mouth only to recede at the slightest sign of movement.
“Don’t you worry,” Burns says, clapping Sherlock on the shoulder with formidable strength. “John is as strong a swimmer as ever I saw. He’ll be alright.”
Sherlock was holding himself absolutely still, the only movement the shallow rise and fall of his chest as he waited, his dark eyes fixed on John.
The captain’s gaze flickers downward briefly, as though he’s sparing Sherlock the embarrassment of having to be examined too closely in this shameful moment.
He was begging, Sherlock was begging him, and at that realization, John felt the last ounce of his self-control vanish. Reaching forward, he raked his nails down the front of Sherlock’s chest, before dragging Sherlock’s hips up sharp against him, arching Sherlock’s back to an almost impossible angle to bury himself in Sherlock as deep as he could go. It took only two quick thrusts and then John was coming, holding Sherlock hard against him as he kept fucking, right on through each staggering wave of his orgasm.
“No!” He sits up, breathing hard, and Sherlock takes hold of his shoulders. John pushes him off. “No, you’re dead.”
Now it’s John’s turn to gasp, his fingers clenching again in the flesh of Sherlock’s arse, and Sherlock thrusts forward with a wild sound, half-growl, half-whimper, and bites lightly at John’s bottom lip, his own hands kneading at the muscles in John’s back as he pulls John against him, rolling as he does, shifting them so that he’s stretched out on his back and John is above him.
John looks down at Sherlock—his face is not so very far away, his weight still supported on his elbows to hold himself above Sherlock—and Sherlock can see tears standing out in his eyes.
“Please don’t misunderstand me. I appreciate what you have done for me more than I can say, however, that does not change the fact that whoever it is that wishes me ill—whether it’s the captain, or some other party—must know by now that I had help. I am hopeful that they do not know who it was that helped me, but there is always the chance that they do. So please, for this reason, whatever you do, be careful. And for the love of god don’t mention any of your suspicions to anyone but me.”
He hums with pleasure at the weight of John’s flesh filling his mouth, tongue gliding over every ridge and crease, delighting in the shudder he feels wrack John’s frame in response to the careful explorations of his tongue.
It’s not even that he came—not, at least, in the traditional way. He’s still rock hard against John’s hip.
And then John was tearing his hand away, Sherlock’s face, alarmed, uncomprehending, watching John stand up so fast he knocked his chair over, calling after him as he ran from the room.
Still holding Sherlock in his arms, John begins to spin them in the water, as though they were dancing to some invisible orchestra.
“God, you love this don’t you?” John’s voice was rougher than he’d anticipated. It sounded dipped in sex. He reached one hand down to stroke the slick contour of Sherlock’s lips where they were stretched around him. He traced his thumb over the place where the skin was cut. It must have hurt. Sherlock didn’t seem to mind. “You love having my cock in your mouth. You fucking live for it. It’s like you were made to suck cock, you’re so good at it.”
“I’ve seen the way you look at people. You’re always… taking information in about them. I can see it in the way you look at them.”
He lights only the candle on Sherlock’s desk, the movements of his hands, even while bandaged, so practiced and precise, and Sherlock thinks he could watch John do anything, anything at all, and it would look like art.
They found him in a concrete courtyard engaged in one of the many sadistic training rituals used to keep dogs at the height of their aggression.
John watched him lick his lips and was seized with the desire to bite Sherlock’s mouth where his tongue had just been.
It will take several minutes for John to leave his station—for the men to be sure that everything is in place, so that no one will see John as he makes his way to Sherlock’s room.
John let out another weak huff of laughter from between his hands and then gasped as he felt Sherlock’s long, cool fingers wrap around his cock.
Sherlock took a final drag on the cigarette, and then stubbed it out against the railing of the balcony.
He leans forward then and licks the juice from around John’s mouth, smiling at John’s soft intake of breath as he does. Sherlock pushes his tongue in between John’s lips, shivering with pleasure when John licks over Sherlock’s tongue, tasting of citrus.
John’s breath is hot and moist; it makes Sherlock squirm in anticipatory pleasure. “Yes, but... not only that.” Sherlock is struggling to focus, but he has to tell John; he can’t miss the opportunity to brief him on what happened. John must return to work in the morning, and Sherlock is not certain when he will see him again. He pushes this dark thought away to continue speaking. “I spoke with Lieutenant Lestrade.”
He took the stairs two at a time, pushed open the front door, and without another word, without taking off his coat, disappeared into his bedroom and shut the door.
John opened his eyes to find Sherlock looking at him the same way he’d looked at him yesterday. Like John was something fragile that needed careful handling. It made him furious.
John swallowed. Leave it up to Sherlock Holmes to make the scientific nature of his sexual response to breakfast foods erotic. He found all of his arguments suddenly completely irrelevant.
He takes a step back from Sherlock, looking him over as if seeing him for the first time and noticing all his flaws—the grime on his jacket, his split lip, his filthy hair.
It’s clear from his playing that he has some knowledge of the instrument, and although his golden head is bent over the strings in concentration—his eyes on his fingers as he plays—the music flowing from his fingers is as clear as a bell.
“He was right about everything. I’ve always been w-weak and… and… broken. I’m not good enough for you. I
Sherlock pushed his face in against John’s neck. John felt the rhythm of Sherlock’s strokes grow choppy, and he knew from the mounting tension in Sherlock’s body that he was close.
Pleasure rolls through Sherlock’s body at John’s words, and he remembers his own cock lying heavy against his thighs.
Burns’ voice cuts through the tension. “Begging your pardon sir, but Lieutenant Moore is our superior officer, as far as we understood.”
He has never wanted anything more than to dance with John in this moment but… two men dancing together—how could they?
Soooo, remember when I said that the unresolved sexual tension would be resolved multiple times over? Yeah. This is literally nothing but smut. I promise there is more plot coming, but for now, just enjoy the sex. :D
John keeps looking at Sherlock, his smile open and unafraid; his gaze warm on Sherlock’s face. There is something mischievous in the corners of his smile and Sherlock suddenly finds he cannot tolerate the directness of his look, what feels to Sherlock like flirtation.
He thinks about asking John what he means exactly, whether he’s sure that’s what he wants, but Sherlock knows
Now it’s John’s turn to reach for Sherlock’s hands, trying to pull Sherlock’s gaze back to his own. Sherlock looks at him, blinking hard, hating himself for not being stronger.
It takes a moment for his eyes to adjust but as he draws closer, he catches sight of a shock of fair hair, and to his delight, sees John, sitting in the crowd of sailors, sails covering his knees, his face lit up with mirth in response to what one of his companions is saying.
Although something about the quirk of Miss Hooper’s mouth tells Sherlock that she suspects the heat has nothing to do with it.
The sight of it makes the sickness in Sherlock’s belly twist sharply. Because of course it isn’t enough that Deverall is handsome, clever, capable, and brave—he also has to be deeply kind-hearted, as evidenced by his treatment of the most vulnerable members under his care.
Unfortunately, stupid as he may be, Stevens is surprisingly quick despite his size, and it’s only a matter of two deft movements before Stevens is standing between Sherlock and the stairs, effectively blocking his path.
His tone had shifted into doctor mode. Sherlock didn’t question him. He lay back, breathing shallowly.
So he does the next best thing—he goes through the composition he wrote for John without actually playing, placing his fingers on the strings, miming the movement of his bow with an empty hand, imagining he is bringing each note to life, hearing the melody in his mind almost as clearly as if he were really playing it.
The fondness in John’s look is making Sherlock’s throat close up with emotion. “But if I am to you, that’s all that matters.”
The seat on Molly’s other side is occupied as well, so Sherlock heads for the vacant seat opposite her.
Sherlock’s free hand slid down John’s back to clutch at his arse, tugging John’s body in hard against the side of Sherlock’s thigh.
“I’d keep my eye on those candles, Doctor Watson. Fire can be so dangerous in a closed space.” He started walking backwards and now John’s gun was in his hand, hot and reassuringly heavy as he pulled it free. “Give Sherlock my regards. Tell him I’ll be seeing him again very soon. Ta ta. For now.”
It comes as no surprise to him that he is already half-hard, and it takes only two rough strokes to make him fully erect.
“Look, I don’t know why you took it—maybe you thought it would be funny—I really don’t care—but the document you took is important, and I
Although it was the middle of the day, the fog hung heavy over the grey streets, shrouding everything in gloomy obscurity. It might as well be six o’clock in the evening for all that they could make out.
Sherlock feels John's fingers brush his own and realizes in the same instant that he isn't dreaming—the emotion in John's voice, the touch of his hand, is real.
Sherlock shifts forward, eager, determined. “Let me,” he says, carefully lifting John’s fingers off himself to replace them fully with his own. “Let me do it, John.”
However, he didn’t have much attention to spare for the production, he was too busy watching Sherlock whose gaze was trained on the man in the box across the way, his gloved fingers curled around the pair of opera glasses he occasionally lifted to his eyes, the muscles shifting in the long white column of his throat as he turned to watch the figures on the stage.
me,” he said, tightening his first around Sherlock’s cock, registering the change in Sherlock’s breathing, feeling Sherlock’s thighs tighten around his back. He sucked another love bite onto Sherlock’s collarbone, before dragging his teeth up the underside of Sherlock’s jaw. “I wanted you to fuck me into the mattress so hard I wouldn’t be able to walk afterward.”
“Alright,” he said, his voice rough. “Alright, I’ll stay but let go of my hand so I can get a chair.”
“God,” John says again, and the way he says it makes something spark inside of Sherlock. “Your fingers—your fingers are so long.”
John’s hand shifts from Sherlock’s lower back to reach between their bodies, and Sherlock jerks violently as he feels John’s fingers slide in against him.
Sherlock can only nod in response, watching until John passes the staircase at the end of the corridor and continues past it until he reaches the door that leads to the other half of the deck.
It takes Sherlock less than thirty seconds to re-arrange the scraps into the order he pieced together. He has an excellent memory, and once he has seen the way the bits of paper go it’s as simple as anything to put them in the proper place.
Instead, he shifts his fingers around the heat of John in his hand, reveling in how much he can feel—the subtle ripple of the raised veins against his palm, the beat of John’s pulse under his fingertips keeping steady time—and Sherlock thinks dreamily how John’s body is like a gorgeous instrument, how intricate, how finely made, and of the sounds that he can pull from John if he touches him in the right way.
“Your mouth—” he gasped. “I- I need—” His fingernails dug into to John’s shoulders so hard he was surely leaving marks. “I need your mouth around me—”
John is the one who just came, in a sweet burst against Sherlock’s wrist—Sherlock can still feel the warm liquid on his arm, fights the impulse to lick it—if his bones didn’t all feel like water he would raise that arm to his mouth to find out how it tastes.
that?” Miss Hooper whispers to him in a breathless undertone as soon as the old lady is out of earshot.
Sherlock's only answer was a long exhalation of air against John's chest. He fidgeted but made no effort to sit up.
“Actually that’s… part of the reason for…” Sherlock cleared his throat. John looked up at him, saw Sherlock gesture with a nervous hand to the surrounding room. “All this. I thought it might be nice to um… I mean, I was hoping that maybe we could…  well. Try that night again.”
John’s other hand slides down Sherlock’s back, nails scraping lightly down Sherlock’s spine. Sherlock hisses at the feel, hips pressing closer into John’s fist, then gasping in surprised pleasure, as John’s hand comes to rest on Sherlock’s buttocks, fingers digging into the muscular flesh.
The hand that was covering his mouth slips around to hold him between his shoulder blades, John’s voice still warm against his ear, murmuring encouragements.
So many times, Sherlock has seen John’s body glowing under the sun, the muscles in his arms and chest gleaming with sweat, but never, never has he looked as beautiful as he does now, and the sight of him like this, the feeling of his body under Sherlock’s weight, the feeling of his live desire under Sherlock’s hand, sharpens Sherlock’s hunger to an unbearable pitch, makes him reach forward with his other hand so that he can feel John with both hands at once.
He tips his head back against the wall and shuts his eyes, and in the growing daylight that’s begun to steal in through the cracks in the walls, the tear tracks on his cheeks shine silver.
He hauls himself away from the longboat at his back, and makes his way as quietly and as quickly as he can back toward the stairs leading below deck.
On a sunny day like this, the lighting down here is dramatic; what would otherwise be intense darkness punctuated every few feet by sharp beams of light shining in from the portholes.
“It’s alright,” he says, as if he knew instinctively what Sherlock was about to ask. “I know you want to help but I’ll be quicker if I do it myself.”
He takes John’s cock in both his hands, wrapping the fingers of one hand around the base, and palming over the head with his other, pulling back the skin to reveal the moisture leaking from the tip.
Sherlock watches a bead of water make its leisurely way down the edge of John’s jaw, and shuts his eyes.
“My god, Sherlock Holmes,” John says, sinking low over him, shaking his head, one hand planted next to Sherlock’s chest to support his weight as he leans down. “Your beauty will be the death of me.”
They are both witness to the incredible splash made by the anchor as it is finally dropped into the sea, the rattle of the chain as it’s pulled up from the depths of the ship louder than Sherlock would have imagined possible. The feeling of the ship connected—however distantly—to solid earth once more is enough to make something that’s been tightly wound in Sherlock’s chest loosen slightly.
As Sherlock stoops over the steaming bucket, immersing the sponge and his hands up to the wrist, his breath leaving him in a wordless sigh of pleasure at the feeling of all that hot, clean water, he takes a moment to be grateful for the fact that he did indeed practice walking on his own this morning, because the thought of bending naked over the bucket in the presence of John Watson—his strong fingers framing Sherlock’s hips to support him—is enough to make Sherlock drop the sponge.
John has a hand up over his mouth and Sherlock is confused to see the expression on his face is one that looks like sorrow.
Sherlock doesn’t answer. Instead, he lets his fingers slide down John’s torso, over the sun-warmed grooves of his ribs. His thumbs linger in the hollow of John’s belly, brushing oh so softly at the swell of John’s hips. Sherlock watches with fascination the change that comes over John’s face at his touch. His eyelids look suddenly heavy.
Sherlock nods hard to show he’s understood, and then without another word, he turns and makes his way back across the deck, through the splashes of moonlight that now look to Sherlock like pools of blood, like the ghosts of bloodstains from naval battles long past that only come out in the light of the moon, back through the gangway and down the moon-spattered staircase at the back of the ship.
He tries to lie still, to focus on his memories of John, but his mind this evening is undisciplined. It’s restless, roving out beyond his control, his thoughts un-policed, leaping in a thousand panicked directions.
John’s own rage swells to match Sherlock’s. His voice rises to a shout. “If you think I’m going to leave you here on this bloody island by yourself, then you’ve got another thing coming!”
It was the sound of his own screaming that dragged him from the nightmare, or at least, that’s what he thought when he awoke and found himself on the floor of his bedroom on his hands and knees, his torso drenched in icy sweat.
John’s voice as it carries the notes out high over the shimmering water seems to fill Sherlock’s chest with warmth.
“Really,” John says, his voice washing over Sherlock like a warm tide, quenching all his fears. His breath is hot against Sherlock’s hairline. “You’re unbelievable,” he goes on, voice still full of awe. “That was unbelievable.”
John lets lose another string of expletives in answer, the movement of his hips speeding up, fingers curling in Sherlock’s hair.
. And even if I’d survived that, I was so miserable I probably would have thrown myself over the side not long after!”
John set the champagne on the bedside table and then reached up to pull Sherlock’s naked body down against him, kissing the sweet, smug smile off of Sherlock’s mouth.
And then when Sherlock is warm and limp as a fish beneath him, still writhing his hips in little needy circles (John loves Sherlock after he comes, he’s so pliable and soft, so lewd and red-mouthed, his hands everywhere all over John, stroking and reaching and so possessive as if to say mine mine mine through the touch of those long lovely fingers) John will sit up slightly, straddling Sherlock’s thighs as he takes himself in hand, watching Sherlock’s eyes grow wide as John’s torso stretches up above him.
“Then again you have just the right amount of fat for a tenderloin. Do you know much about butchering, John?” Tucking the knife out of sight, Moriarty reached into his pocket and pulled out a thick black marker. He snapped off the cap with a click. “Let me walk you through it. First, I’ll split you down the backbone, dividing you into bilateral halves.”
As soon as he reached the top of the stairs, he shrugged himself out of Sherlock’s coat and hung it on the hook behind the door. He headed straight for the bathroom, stripping off his jacket and his ruined shirt and jumper as he went.
There’s a brief scuffle in which Sherlock assumes the verbal threat is made more potent by an accompanying physical one. He watches the pool of their lantern light ripple over the barrels that mark the entrance to his hiding place.
Sherlock sees the tension in John’s fists, and can guess the effort it is costing him not to cry out.
Sherlock shakes his head on the pillow, clutching in desperation at John’s arm. “I can’t—I can’t! I’m sorry—”
“I saw him with you yesterday,” Sherlock begins reluctantly, already feeling foolish before he’s even spoken the words. “When you were coming up from below. You were… laughing at something he’d just said, and the way he was looking at you… it just seemed so obvious that he… likes you. Not in the way everyone likes you, I mean…
Or maybe he’d just do it when he knew Sherlock was out of the flat. Otherwise it was going to be a long couple of weeks.
“Ooh, I’m quaking in my boots. You are a good guard dog. I’ll give you that. But I have a feeling your bark is worse than your bite.” He slithered closer and John had to clench his fists to keep from falling back a step. “I have a suggestion for you, Johnny Boy. Be a little more
In spite of the contradictory nature of this statement, Sherlock finds he knows exactly what John means.
Sherlock nods, grateful that John has taken the lead position, meaning that he is the one who will have to initiate it.
“Good!” Sherlock can hear the sunny approval in John’s voice behind him without even turning to look. “That’s good.”
“Thank you, Burns,” John says, offering him a brief but deeply appreciative look before stepping back from Sherlock, and turning to Molly.
“It’s alright,” John murmurs, his fingers tight on Sherlock’s upper arms to hold him up, his mouth skimming Sherlock’s hairline. “God, it’s more than alright. But we should—” John grunts as Sherlock takes him into his hand again. “We have to hurry.”
“I don’t know,” Patterson says, provokingly, leaning across the table in Sherlock’s direction. “If you’re going to leave him alone like this as soon as you arrive maybe we should find him some better company!”
Afterward, he paces the floor of his cabin like a caged tiger, ears alert for any footsteps that pass by his room. Every step he hears makes his heart hammer in anticipation in the hopes that it might be Billy, bringing word from John.
He uses the remainder of the now cool water to wash the floors of his room. He wishes desperately that there was some way to get fresh linens for his bed, but he might as well wish for the moon. The chances of that are infinitely more likely.
When John’s mouth moves from Sherlock’s down to kiss the sharp edge of his jaw, Sherlock can’t take it anymore.
John is looking at him so much like he’s going to kiss him that Sherlock is forced to drop his eyes again.
“Go away,” he snarls, but when the knock comes again, more insistent this time, a voice calls out to him, and it is not the steward’s.
Sometimes he goes on long walks, but they are just as bad as sitting in the flat, every street corner, every cab moving past holds a memory of Sherlock, and the pain in John’s chest is a physical ache.
They turn to go but before they can make their escape, Miss Gibbons reaches out a hand to press Sherlock’s arm briefly. “If anything should go wrong with the ship in future,” she says with a nasty smile, “I guess I’ll know who to blame.”
“John,” Sherlock says, breaking his mouth away to slide back down John’s throat, hands coming up to hold John’s face, to tip his head back so he has access to the tender underside of John’s jaw, the lovely golden tendons standing out in his neck. Sherlock licks at John’s pulse—feels the heat of it sear him to the center of his bones. “You’re so bright. You’re like sunlight. You’re the sun, John. You’re my sun.”
They are quiet for several minutes as their mouths are otherwise occupied, the plunge and slide of John’s tongue into Sherlock’s mouth making him gasp with pleasure, opening his mouth wider, angling his jaw to pull John deeper in. He needs John to know how he makes Sherlock feel—like he cannot contain all the joy in his body, all his need for John in his bones and skin—and he tries to make John aware of that in the pressure of his mouth, in the pulse of his tongue against John’s.
“I’m sorry for going to pieces like this in front of you—it’s stupid of me, I know. It’s just that—I really thought—” Her breath catches. “I don’t know why but I honestly thought there might be some way for me to get to shore in the next couple of days. Even if Grimsby strictly forbade me going, I was hopeful that I could change her mind. Or barring that, that I could slip away unnoticed somehow. It certainly wouldn’t be the first time.”
Even though it’s early morning still and the shutters on the windows are flung open to let in some air, the tavern is dim and warm and crowded with people, the heat from their bodies and the smoke from the candles on the tables making the air thick, the sound of their laughing voices filling up the room.
John licked his lips again, his whole body crackling with the need to feel Sherlock’s lips against his. “Then why aren’t you kissing me?”
He tried to step around Sherlock but Sherlock moved with him, keeping himself between John and the stairs.
Sherlock’s arrival prompts a series of nervous glances and whispers, especially among the female passengers, but the rest of the diners ignore him as usual; his inconsistent comings and goings in the passenger saloon are simply looked upon as yet another manifestation of his anti-social eccentricity.
“What were you doing over there?” he hisses, low in her ear, his relief at having found her eclipsed by his fear that she’d almost been discovered.
, but seeing as this is the… Sherlock calculates rapidly… fourth time they’ve had sex today, he finds he has much more control, and he’s actually able to enjoy the slow building pressure of his orgasm within him.
Largely because when Sherlock spoke in that low rough tone, it did things to John that made him lose all sense of common decency and decorum. When Sherlock spoke like that, John was helpless to resist. He could feel himself growing fully hard against the front of his trousers, his cock straining at the fabric.
He comes in a burst of pleasure, the light whiting out behind his eyes, jerking up against his own fist as he imagines John watching him, John’s cock against his hip, John’s lips hot on the back of his neck.
Molly, to her credit, is carefully silent for about thirty seconds and then she says, very quietly, “It’s alright, you know. I don’t… I mean I completely understand if you prefer not to say anything more about it. But if it makes you feel any better, I… well I already sort of suspected you two were…” She pauses awkwardly, her voice full of hesitation. “Well…”
Sherlock’s insides go cold with horror. He forgets too easily the vulnerable position John occupies on the ship. It’s difficult to remember when John himself is so full of strength.
Sherlock begins to pull back, uncertain, terrified, but just as he does, John makes a sound low in his throat, desperate, full of sorrow, and reaches to pull Sherlock back against him.
John watched Sherlock’s jaw tense, his eyes focused somewhere over John’s shoulder, gaze sharpening as he re-examined the memories.
John drops his head but before he does Sherlock sees a flash of that familiar pain he saw in John’s eyes when they first arrived in this beautiful place, and he wonders again at the source of it.
“I could sell you to the dog food factory. Or make you into pies and have Sherlock come and eat them.” He peered critically at John’s stomach. “Or perhaps I’ll have you stuffed. Then I can make use of you long after you would have rotted. That does sound appealing. That would give me a chance to pull your organs out while you’re still alive.” He laid the tip of the knife against the soft skin of John’s belly, his voice an intimate hiss. “I saw you eyeing the butcher block. I think perhaps you have an affinity for it.”
And John would lean in and soothe him with a kiss to those plump and swollen lips, refusing to increase the pace, but sweeping his thumb over the weeping slit of Sherlock’s cock, making him cry out, knees jerking upward, as his body stiffens.
The soap is coarse and unforgiving—it stings, leaves a burning trail of red on Sherlock’s pale skin in its wake—but the sensation is deeply satisfying.
He cradles his head in his hands, the folded message still clenched beneath his fingers, and against his better judgment he lets his mind probe down into the deepest, darkest worry that has arisen in wake of the incident with Stevens.
He’s determined to stay to the meal’s conclusion, so that he might speak with Miss Hooper and her aunt before they retire early, as they always do, before the bottle of port is passed around among the gentlemen.
It’s faster, livelier, full of a pulling, dragging rhythm that seems to beat in tune with Sherlock’s pulse. He watches John react to the music even before he has started singing, his body instinctively taking on the tempo. He begins to move in time with the melody, swaying slightly from side to side, tapping out a rhythm with the flat of his hand against his thigh.
He stayed awake long into the night, reading in the darkened living room, with one ear trained on the door. He was confident that Sherlock would awake the next morning and be back to himself, but with such a high dose of drugs being administered after such an extreme shock to Sherlock’s body, there was always a chance something could go wrong.
John found himself smiling back, but there was still a cold feeling tugging at the pit of his stomach. “You really don’t remember
“I heard some of the sailors talking the day I was trying to find Billy, to bring you my letter—and they were all saying,” Sherlock draws a sharp breath. “They were saying when the ship gets to Rio you’d have your pick of the women there… That once the ship makes port you won’t want anything to do with me. And I don’t blame them for thinking so!” Sherlock hurries on, heedless of how pathetic he sounds. Now that he’s started speaking he can’t seem to stop. “Because it doesn’t make sense, John! It doesn’t make sense that someone like you would be willing to risk everything to be with someone like me.”
Sherlock does not even bother to answer. He turns so he is once again sitting in the circle of John’s arms, shivering as he feels John’s chest press in against his back, John’s lips tracing over the nape of his neck.
His relationship with his mother has always been strained, but it seems to him that his memories before the age of five differ starkly from those that come after. There is a coldness, a distance in the way his mother has always treated him that seems to have grown markedly worse after that summer. It isn’t as if he saw very much of her growing up, having been looked after by a nurse until he was sent away to school, but to this day, every time he is in his mother’s presence, it is impossible to mistake the penetrating feeling of disappointment emanating from her in regards to every aspect of his person.
But Knott has gone back to shaking his head. His face looks suddenly shrunken by his fear, like a death mask.
John’s breath was a hot gust of air against Sherlock’s mouth as Sherlock took him in hand, those strong, smooth fingers gliding down the length of him to the root, fingers tangling in the hair there, creeping down between his legs, his touch inquisitive, worshipful, as though he wanted to uncover every inch of John with the touch of his fingers.
“You know you don’t need John Watson for that,” Stevens says, the cold look in his eyes glittering with sudden malicious humor. Then he raises his voice so the others can hear. “I’m sure any number of us would be happy to help you out there, wouldn’t we lads?”
It was better this way, would make it easier for both of them in the end. Sherlock would thank him eventually.
John breaks the kiss to look at him—but they cannot see each other through the dark. Sherlock can feel the unsteady rush of John’s breath against his face, feels his bandaged hands move up to cup the back of Sherlock’s neck.
The combined sensation of Sherlock’s long finger penetrating him with the tight circle of Sherlock’s mouth around his cock was almost too much for him. John couldn’t keep his hips still any longer—they thrust up, encouraging Sherlock’s finger to push deeper, for his mouth to sink lower around John’s cock.
He has never seen John lose control like this. John, who has such mastery over his body, who is so confident, so sure of himself, to see John, to
John licks his lips, glancing downward, his voice sounding uncharacteristically hesitant, but when he looks up at Sherlock again, Sherlock can see that his eyes are full of fire.
Sherlock’s thoughts of Molly are interrupted by the sight of John lifting the guitar strap from off his neck and offering the instrument back to its owner. However, the guitar’s owner, who apparently does not speak very much English, is gesticulating adamantly with his hands in refusal, pushing the guitar back into John’s hands, pointing at John and then at the guitar, clearly urging him to play another song.
The effort of removing his clothes takes all his energy—he has to do it sitting down. It takes him twice as long as it normally would, his fingers listless and fumbling over every button, every clasp, completing the motions without seeing what’s in front of him, his eyes staring into the distance like a man in a trance.
It’s almost worth the pain of being kept apart from him to have received such a truly astonishing new piece of John, to see the narrow, even letters of John’s neat hand. His writing looks just exactly as it should—it looks like John somehow.
No incident in Sherlock’s life was darker than that long walk back through the woods to the house to get help, knowing all the while that Redbeard was in pain, and alone under that dark circle of trees.
customary for passenger ships on voyages of this length to have a day for airing and arranging. I’ll have a word with Lieutenant Lestrade tomorrow morning, and see what he has to say. I believe weather will be the final determinant in the matter, but never fear, ladies!” When he looks up again, his eyes are twinkling with good humor. “I am, as ever your humble servant.”
For several precious seconds, John was frozen where he stood. Then all at once, the noise from the orchestra exploded in his ears. It was as if someone had suddenly turned the volume back on.
John pressed his forehead against Sherlock’s, stilling his hand on Sherlock’s cock, his voice breathless. “What is it?”
He is always reluctant to raise his voice to the general population but Sherlock is so desperate for information that today he makes an exception.
Sherlock nods, taking John’s hand as they make their way back down the deck towards the door leading to the center of the ship.
The lieutenants are standing between the two groups and Sherlock sees that Miss Gibbons and Miss Long have wasted no time in striking up a conversation with the handsome, smiling Lieutenant Deverall, and the considerably more nervous-looking Lieutenant Dimmock.
Sherlock takes a deep breath, summoning all of his powers of concentration to ignore the glittering lines of John’s golden body, the powerful curves of the muscles in his torso and in his flexed arms.
The vast, unknowable depths of John’s rage in the wake of the other man’s presence now make more sense to Sherlock. He can only imagine that the comments Stevens made the other day were of a similar nature. He doesn’t like to think how John’s rage will have increased in the aftermath of this new incident. But at least Anderson’s interruption worked as an impediment against John’s initial fury, which likely would have ended in misery.
“Oh Sherlock, I do miss her. But not like that. Not anymore. I’ll always think fondly of Mary but… in truth, I scarcely knew her. I wish she hadn’t waited for me all those years, that she had found love somewhere else, that she hadn’t died so young but… none of that has any bearing on my feelings towards you.”
This unprecedented behavior from their first officer finally breaks the men from their spell. Like clockwork machines coming back to life, they begin to move mechanically about their duties.
Sherlock looked back at him, lips still pressed into a tight line. He finally nodded, but the worried look didn’t leave his eyes.
Sherlock can hardly respond—he’s so overwhelmed by the presence of this soaking-wet, half-naked John leaning into his personal space, his blue eyes fixed on Sherlock with unwavering scrutiny, bright and searching.
He dreams that he and John become flecks of sea foam together, rising on the air like bubbles, only to melt in the heat of the sun.
Burns, who has also been pointedly silent until now, must notice Sherlock’s increasingly desperate expression.
Sherlock’s lips stuck against his jaw as he drew in another sharp breath to speak. "You're sure this is alright?"
Sherlock dreams he hears the noise again. He dreams it is the rush of angry footsteps pounding down the stairs, that he and John are discovered naked, twined together, the full measure of their sins made glaringly apparent as the flimsy cabin door bangs open, grey daylight rushing in. The entire population of the ship streams forward, fills the room, Anderson at the head of the commotion, sneering and pointing, his smug face twisted up with satisfaction, saying over and over, ‘I told you! I told you they were in here together! Didn’t I tell you?’
He dresses quickly and perfunctorily, sparing only the briefest of minutes to splash his face with water from his pewter basin. It’s so hot today, he will be sweating again in minutes he has no doubt; so a more thorough wash hardly seems necessary.
There is so much feeling coursing through his body that Sherlock feels as though he may break apart. He has never felt so much in all his life and he finds he does not know quite how to manage it.
For months afterward, Sherlock dreamed that he was being buried alive. He still has the same nightmare, even now.
John lifted his jaw, sighing as he felt Sherlock’s lip brush the skin on the side of his neck. He could feel the skin tingling under Sherlock’s mouth. He wanted Sherlock to kiss it, but Sherlock kept his mouth there, hovering just out of reach.
John had often mused upon the possibility of what it would have been like to be with Sherlock in this state with no restrictions on his behavior.
“Very good,” Lestrade says too loudly. There’s a forced note of joviality evident in his voice that makes Sherlock cringe. “Yes, very good. Well. I’m glad that’s settled.”
Sherlock wishes he had time to explain to John that it has more to do with Molly’s wishes than anything to do with Lieutenant Lestrade, that Molly
The look of indignation on Sherlock’s face must be extreme because John throws his head back and laughs.
Sherlock tries to nod but he is worried now—John’s hands are gone and he hears the creak of a door opening, John’s voice in the distance, yelling for water, for clean towels, and then the sound of receding footsteps.
Softly, so softly John is kissing the skin below Sherlock’s ribs, as though with each kiss he wants to tell Sherlock how much he feels for him, how much he wants this; his mouth descending inch by breath-taking inch toward Sherlock's groin.
was exactly what his body had been craving earlier: Sherlock pressed against him at every point—his chest tucked in against John’s back, his leg tangled between John’s, one arm snaking around to hug John’s middle. He could feel the heat of Sherlock’s breath on the back of his neck.
The touch of John’s mouth at the edge of his hairline is like the setting of a lit match to a heap of dry kindling, and Sherlock turns in John’s arms, the stillness that came over him vanishing in an instant, his search for the matches completely forgotten.
Sherlock lifts his own hands to cup the backs of John’s, as though in disbelief that John is really here with him, holding him so gently, as though he needs the touch of John’s hands beneath his own to convince him that what’s happening is actually taking place.
“I should hope so…” John’s lips open against Sherlock’s jaw, letting his teeth scrape lightly over the sensitive flesh. “Wouldn’t want to be outdone by imaginary John.”
Sherlock peers quizzically over John’s shoulder. He can see a haze of blue through the trees, beneath it a glittering stripe of white. However, they are still standing under the thick canopy of trees and vines, the view beyond obscured by green.
Oh, John’s hips—Sherlock has seen them before, showcased most prominently earlier today—was it really today? How could it be?—when John climbed up out of the ocean, dripping wet, the translucent material of his trousers clinging to the grooves of his slender hips—but now here they are with no fabric to hide them, just the luscious sight of golden skin curving over bone, two grooved shadows pointing toward what Sherlock cannot believe he is about to see. His mouth is actually watering, although he does not understand why.
Sherlock’s next question is so quiet he’s half-afraid John won’t hear him—his voice the merest scrape of a whisper.
As he makes his way through the crush of people toward the rising music, Sherlock does his best to shake off the lingering feeling of dread incited by his run-in with Anderson.
John began to rock him gently, hoping that the movement would prompt Sherlock to finally let himself experience all of what he had been feeling over the past two days, the past week—the past year.
He’s dripping on John as he hovers over him. Even with his eyes closed he can feel it; each drop of water on his face is like a taunt. The water feels real but Sherlock isn’t. He can’t be.
“They burst in through the door and dragged us out of bed. They brought us up on deck, then pushed us overboard to drown.”
There’s also the simple fact that this lot have known each other much longer than they’ve known Sherlock—as a result, much of the talk and joking among them is impossible for Sherlock to understand. He’s reminded of how he often felt at school when the other boys would talk and laugh together in a way that felt completely foreign to him. Most of the time, Sherlock only wanted to be left alone with his specimens and his thoughts about his experiments.
He sped up the movements of his mouth, using his purchase on Sherlock’s arse to lift him closer, clenching his fingers in the trembling muscles and sucking, harder than he had dared.
Sherlock is squirming where he sits, remembering how he buried his face in the pillow and thought of John, how he couldn’t resist touching himself.
“Of course, I remember,” he’s saying as he shakes her hand. “John Watson. It’s a pleasure to finally meet you.”
“Oh, yes sir!” Billy’s face, impossibly, brightens further. “Colonel Jackson let me fire one of his pistols off the starboard bow!”
The first night he tests it out he keeps his distance. He waits until John has slipped into stage three sleep, and then stealing to his side, he sticks the syringe in John’s arm, as quick as a cat striking.
was the explanation for Sherlock’s fall, for Sherlock pretending that Moriarty was right. They had to see him jump. Otherwise, three gunmen… Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson… himself. He remembers suddenly the desperation in Sherlock’s voice.
His mind seems to speed up, rushing forward over all that came after—waking up beside John’s naked slumbering body; John’s worry over Mycroft’s letter; his gentle admonition to Sherlock not to get involved followed by his promise to stand by Sherlock no matter what; and then, and then!—the reason for his injured face; his fierce protectiveness for Sherlock blazing like a flame in the darkness of the cabin.
The hand around John’s middle brushed lightly down his stomach, tracing his abdominal muscles. John felt his toes curl at the corresponding shudder of delight that went through him. The fingers of Sherlock’s hand circled his belly button, tangling in the hair beneath.
And then, before Sherlock can think what to say to interrupt the long silence, the captain is speaking, his eyes still focused on the chart in front of him.
“Why are you in such a hurry?” John’s eyes are twinkling good-naturedly. “I told you I’d come find you after—”
It’s the warm glow of his torso that finally tempts Sherlock to break the spell of John’s slumber. His bare torso is browner than ever and Sherlock can’t resist laying his hands on the swell of his chest, feeling the heat of John’s body in the flat of his palms, the shape of the muscles stretched beneath the skin so smooth, so powerful.
He has eyes only for Molly, whose hopes have clearly not been renewed by the good news. She picks at her food, her head bent in quiet defeat above her plate, responding to Grimsby’s few attempts at conversation in dull monosyllables.
Catching his eye, John follows the direction of Sherlock’s gaze and seems to guess the nature of his thoughts. He watches John’s expression darken.
“I had fallen on hard financial times myself, after being discharged from the navy. I was looking for work and having no luck—I was just considering signing up again that night I ran into John, who told me he had started serving on a merchant ship called the
As he lifts the lantern above his head, casting its golden light into the shadows between the cables, he is struck by just how much
Stretched out naked underneath John, Sherlock’s body feels completely new to him. He’s never felt so alive, so aware; his skin is like an unknown landscape, a whole new country of sensations. He can feel every shift in touch, every slight gradation of texture, of heat—the slow progress of John’s fingers over his hip drawing him out, shivering and raw, until he’s lifting his body up in desperation, moaning softly with need.
John’s hands slide up his thighs, up, up, up to hold him by the hips, and Sherlock’s breathing is so shallow that for a moment he is frightened he will not be able to draw enough air into his lungs. Sherlock has to shut his eyes; the flood of information is too much, he cannot possibly withstand both the sight and the feel of John’s hands, where they have now slid below the hem of his shirt. Just the feel of them, warm and heavy on his hips is almost more than he can take.
The sight of it through the stern windows, dull gold transforming the curve of the ocean into a haze of light, looks so like the sky did yesterday afternoon when Sherlock was up on deck that it makes his throat ache with sudden tightness. The close darkness of the corridor leading back to his cabin is a relief to him for the sole reason that it doesn’t remind him so keenly of the slow cruelty of the passing hours.
“Do it with me now—in.” Sherlock watches John and does as he says, drawing a long, slow breath into his lungs. “And out.”
“I need—” Sherlock’s finger stroked the inside of him. John felt his breath hitch. “I need more. God, Sherlock, you’ve got—you’ve got to hurry. I’m not going to last much longer.”
Sherlock knows full well that he has been dismissed, but he was prepared for this. He knew the captain would have no interest in granting him his demand, not without something else to interest him in exchange.
They’re so close together, tangled arms and legs, that it’s almost as good as being fused into one, but still the need to push harder into John drives Sherlock up against him until his body’s shaking from the effort.
He looked into Sherlock’s stunned face, breathing hard, his fury momentarily blinding him. His voice was raw. “Don’t push me, Sherlock.”
Sherlock watches the tense line of John's mouth grow darker as the sun begins to dip behind the grass. The gentle swell of the horizon—so soft a moment ago, all blurred with gold—has gone jagged as the shadows creep in. Each blade of grass is like a spike. They hurt Sherlock's eyes.
When he came back into Sherlock’s bedroom, the lights were still out, but he could see a Sherlock-shaped lump curled into a ball under the duvet.
It was only the year before last that Parliament passed the Slave Trade Act in Britain, making the trading of enslaved people illegal throughout the British Empire. However, owning slaves is still legal in Britain; and Sherlock knows that many British ships still participate in the trade illegally. Indeed, Britain’s active presence in a port like this one is as much an endorsement of slavery as their own transport of slaves. How many dozens of the ships anchored in the bay below are slave ships? And how many of them captained by British men?
Sherlock sits on the edge of his bunk, and piles the stack of paper fragments beside him on the bed. He selects one at random and smoothing the paper open in his hand, he recognizes immediately the small, even lines of his brother’s script.
Sherlock looked up, startled, his face chasing through a number of different expressions before settling on one that was filled with regret.
The vertigo he experiences, the plummeting sensation of dropping off into nothingness is only made better by returning to the beginning of the note and starting over again. The words are like lifelines to him, as long as he is reading them he is safe from the yawning void of emptiness that awaits him at its end.
“Please don’t have any regrets about what happened tonight. What we did… what you showed me… it would kill me to think you had regrets about any part of that.”
Sherlock tries to ignore the squirming feeling of jealousy that erupts within him at John’s use of the word ‘lovers.’
His brothers bow their green heads in sorrow, lifting their arms to the moon as they sing their lament, their long hair tangling with the waves.
The catalyst for his development of this system was the death of his father’s hunting dog, the dog his father claimed was his, but who Sherlock knew had always really belonged to him; since the day he stopped the puppy being killed.
John falls into step behind Dimmock and Sherlock has no choice but to follow them both, through the door under the quarterdeck that leads to the officer’s quarters. He is surprised to find he can move his legs at all—his whole body is numb with dread.
John felt Sherlock’s breathing hitch against him and he pressed back in with his mouth, with more pressure this time so that Sherlock’s lips parted beneath his own.
John’s fingers clench hard in Sherlock’s curls; his body bending almost double over Sherlock’s hand, the muscles in his arse tensing, sending a thrill through Sherlock, and then warmth is spilling over Sherlock’s fingers in two hot spurts, and suddenly, Sherlock is filled with the desire to taste John again—now, when he can—who knows how long it will be again?—and he’s diving down to wrap his lips around the head of John’s cock, one finger still inside him, in the hopes that there is more to come…
Sherlock pushed their tangled fingers up above John’s head, pressing his hand against the wall as he leaned down into John with his body, his leg insinuating itself between John’s thighs.
Thank you to all you lovely people for commenting and showing your support. As always, I can't tell you how much it means to hear from you. <3 So pleased to hear you liked the case fic elements of the last chapter! But then again, who doesn't love a masked ball on a burning cruise ship, amiright?
Somewhere very far away he heard the sound of Sherlock’s phone vibrating itself off the coffee table and onto the floor.
“Good… I… that’s good.” John saw the muscles in Sherlock’s throat tense as he swallowed. “I want that, too.”
Wherever they are headed, Sherlock finds himself filled with an increasing feeling of relief the further their steps take them from the chaos and clamor of the crowded port. After so many months trapped on their floating wooden prison with the same people—day in, day out—the monotony of it wearing on Sherlock’s mind like a shoe that does not fit—to escape all of that, to be able to
John rolled his eyes, but had the dignity not to respond. Sherlock was right of course. There was something impossibly endearing about a tousle-headed, still sleepy Sherlock, dropping pastry crumbs against him as he leaned in.
—he will lift his knuckles to the door—uncertain of how hard he dares to knock. Sherlock should go to the door, should open it before he even has a chance to doubt, to spare him the anxiety, but he finds he cannot move, he is frozen where he stands in the center of the room, his heart pounding so hard in his chest he fears it will shatter his breastbone.
Sherlock rubs his open mouth against John’s cheek, delighting in the burn of John’s stubble over his sensitive lips. He shivers at the sensation, wishes now that he could peel the rest of his sticky clothes off and rub the whole of his naked body over John.
John’s heart was pounding in the hollow of his throat. He thought he could hear the words that Sherlock wasn’t saying, was almost certain he knew what lingered unsaid at the end of that sentence but he couldn’t be sure, he couldn’t count on it.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Please, John. I’m not an idiot. No. I won, so I get to call the shots. Now you have to do what I say.”
Sherlock slowed his gait so that he fell into step beside John. He put his hand on the small of John’s back. John knew the gesture was supposed to be calming but he couldn’t stop himself from tensing at the contact.
He pulls the door open, heart-pounding, terrified in the instant before he does that it will not be John at all but Anderson, or some other passenger come to disturb him.
“Didn’t you hear? The Colonel’s opened up a cask of his private store of spirits—and there’s more drink for everyone!”
Sherlock had shrugged his arms into his shirt and was halfway through buttoning it, somehow managing to text and button at the same time. “Apparently someone else has picked up where he left off.”
Sherlock pulls back after a moment, and John throws an arm up over his eyes, sighing deeply, the sound full of satisfaction.
“That reminds me… now that we’re alone, you must tell me. How did you do it? How did you manage to get Anderson removed from duty?”
As far as the captain is concerned he has no reason to fear suspicion since he failed in his attempt. The only person he might have reason to suspect is Lestrade, for being the accidental victim caught in the crossfire, and it’s unclear at this point whether the captain ever found out that Lestrade fell ill at all that evening. If he did, Lestrade didn’t mention it to Sherlock the day after.
“I had to follow him! They forced him to see that idiot of a psychiatrist again.” Sherlock is pacing the room, his shoes leaving wet marks on the linoleum. He laughs in a humorless way. “She tried to convince him I was a ghost. Some rubbish about manifestations of unresolved psychological trauma.”
The entire control room tower was alight with flames and thick black smoke was billowing out both doors leading down to the lower decks. There was no way the fire from the ballroom had spread that quickly; somebody had started it from inside the control room.
Watching the intricate movement of John’s fingers on the guitar, the expressive tilt of his head as he sings, looking somewhere beyond the deck of the ship to a place only he can see makes that pang move through Sherlock again—a physical pain that cuts through the heart of him.
John felt a shock of sorrow burst open in him at Sherlock’s words. There was no reason to be upset—the cut was negligible, John had suffered far worse injuries on more occasions than he could count. But Sherlock’s attention to that mark in particular trigged a wave of shame and terror in him so sudden it was like flipping a switch. John was flooded suddenly with the same visceral panic he had felt when Moriarty had tugged down his trousers.
He spares a moment to dry himself off, watching out of the corner of his eye as John reaches for the soap and begins to clean himself in a series of quick, efficient movements that Sherlock suspects must be second nature to John now after years of life at sea.
With his feet planted in the sand on either side of John, it also gives him the purchase to push up with his own hips against John, which he does now, making John drop his head with a low groan.
Even though he is not touching John—there are a few inches between them—he can feel John’s proximity at his side, as if he’s grown extra sensory awareness all along the side of his body, and it fills him with a pleasant glow as palpable as the feeling of the sun on his skin. Between John’s presence at his side and the sun up above, Sherlock feels like he’s filling up with sunshine.
John pressed another kiss to Sherlock’s hair. “It’s all right. I’ve got you. You can let it out now.”
Cheeks warm with shame, Sherlock slips out of bed and wets a cloth in the water from his pewter basin to clean up the worst of the mess. God knows this mattress has seen worse.
“Both possibilities are unacceptable to me, but clearly my fate is unavoidable. Therefore I choose to lie here and wait for either the deterioration of my mind or the collapse of modern civilization, whichever comes first.”
These men are fatigued beyond imagining. This is their fourth day in a row of working a double shift at the pumps. The casual onlooker would put their reticence down to exhaustion.
The emotion in John’s voice shifts slightly, and there is a quirk to his mouth as he continues, something playful in his voice, but the longing is still there, and Sherlock leans forward without realizing he’s doing it, utterly drawn in by the spell of John’s voice.
He thrust desperately up against Sherlock’s groin but this time, Sherlock lifted his hips away. He caught John’s bottom lip between his teeth, releasing his hold on John’s wrists to slide his hands down John’s sides and push his hips down against the mattress.
“It’s alright,” Sherlock says, his fingers tightening on John’s arms, feeling that same irrepressible buoyancy swell beneath his ribs again. “Tomorrow—”
“When they carried him off the ship the next day, I was certain it was the last the time I’d ever see John Watson—at least in this world.”
John felt Sherlock’s hands clench on his shoulders at John’s words and then Sherlock was lunging forward to capture John’s mouth with a growl, his hands on John’s shoulders pushing John back against the blankets as his tongue pushed into the heat of John’s mouth.
There is now a sizeable crowd gathered around Sherlock, lined up along the bulwark and gazing out with visible eagerness at the approaching port. The group is made up of mostly passengers—the sailors who initially stood beside Sherlock have all been called to their duties; they have been busily moving around Sherlock for the last hour, following the shouts of the lieutenants’ orders as the ship maneuvered its way into the bay.
He can’t believe that Lestrade would attempt once again to persuade the captain to extend their time in port. It’s obvious that’s what he was doing. There is no other likely explanation.
Now that they’re out in the open air, he’s inundated all over again with the lush green scent of this place—so wild and alive, so unlike any place Sherlock has ever been before. He draws a deep breath of it into his lungs, grateful to be free from the close confines of the tavern. The air is laced with strange, tropical smells. Breathing it in, feeling the sunlight full on his face, the reality of their situation hits him with renewed force.
“John.” Sherlock was sitting all the way up and John moved to push him back down again but at the tone in his voice, he stopped. “John, you’ve got to go after him.”
John was so sick of this; sick of being unable to control his body's responses while Sherlock read him like a book, laying him bare one piece at a time. It wasn't fair; he was tired of always being the vulnerable one, tired of being manipulated.
Sherlock’s hesitation returns almost immediately. “Should I… should you…that is, should you be lying down?”
“Not as a substitute for anything I’ve lost, or as some temporary holdover until someone better comes along, no, Sherlock. I want to be with you because I like
It would seem that the disguise has proved successful in keeping her from being recognized; however, it appears to have had another effect, which is to make her so strange-looking that no one has dared approach her.
He reaches up to clip the other man on the shoulder good-naturedly, and MacTavish beams back at him.
The air is hotter than before, the sun high in the vivid sky. Several sailors are sitting by the mainmast, mending sails. Sherlock scans the group briefly for a sign of John, and tries to tell himself that his heart doesn’t sink when he doesn’t find him among the assembled sailors.
he is feeling there are so many emotions pounding through him—joy and envy and lust, perhaps primarily, as all Sherlock can see of John, other than a flash of white covering his thighs, is bare, glorious, golden skin made brighter in the glare of the late-afternoon sun arching down through the water.
But even as his rational mind tries to convince him everything is fine, he cannot seem to shake the lingering feeling of dread the dream left in its wake, and he’s overcome with the desire to see John.
“Luckily you don’t weigh much.” He was halfway to the mouth of the alley when he heard sirens in the distance. “Thank God,” he muttered.
John curls his forearm up towards his torso, flexing the muscle in his bicep, and Sherlock makes a soft little crying sound, opening his eyes to reach out for John’s other arm with his free hand.
Sherlock twisted to the left and kicked John, hard, on the inside of his leg. John’s grip slipped and Sherlock flipped over and pulled John down against him.
Sherlock feels a sharp twinge of annoyance that the Lieutenant’s words should sound so similar to the explicit warning in the letter from his brother.
This piece of music is about John, and Sherlock has so much new information about him since the day before. He’s now seen John in action as a surgeon—bent low over Lestrade, brow furrowed in concentration, one nimble-fingered hand reaching into his medical bag to draw out an instrument, every action graceful, filled with confident assurance; he’s seen John in revelry—the way he can command the attention of everyone in the room with his easy laugh, the low cadence of his voice in song—the way he seems to grow brighter in the presence of their open affection.
Sherlock sucked a mark into the opposite side of John’s neck and John made a guttural sound, his hands coming up to grasp Sherlock by the arms. “
“Bring me the first aid kit from the kitchen.” Sherlock hesitated, clearly uncertain as to its whereabouts, never having sought it out himself. “Under the sink.”
As quickly and silently as he can, he moves the case back into place to hide the hole in the wall, and then, realizing that he’s still stark naked, begins to search in desperation for his breeches in the chaos of shed clothing on the floor.
The next song John sings is clearly one the men know well and love because there is a murmur of approval as soon as John starts up.
John pushes the sleeve of Sherlock’s shirt up to his elbow so that he may kiss his way up the inside of Sherlock’s arm, following the pale blue lines of Sherlock’s veins until he reaches the skin of Sherlock’s inner elbow.
His legs had slid off of Sherlock’s back. He could barely lift himself off the pillows so he was glad when he felt Sherlock hook his hands under his thighs and drag him closer, when he felt the slick head of Sherlock’s cock nudge in against the entrance to his body.
Sherlock lifted both hands to hold John’s face, the slide of his mouth warm and wet over John’s, the only sound in the quiet room other than their mouths the low crackle of the fire beside them.
He kissed his way along Sherlock’s jaw as his hand kept traveling down until he reached the tented material of Sherlock’s pajama bottoms. He spread his palm wide and stroked Sherlock through the thin cotton, pulling his head back to lie opposite Sherlock’s on the pillow so that he could take in the expression on his face.
Sherlock hums happily around the head of John’s cock hearing this, swirling his tongue through the fluid there, then pulling off to lick, open-mouthed and wet, indulgently—messily—once more against the slit and all around the head.
Sherlock released John’s cock with a reluctant pop and sat back on his heels, looking slightly dazed.
It tastes so good he has a sudden impulse to drain the flask—but he does not know how much of it they have, so he contents himself with a modest sip.
John’s hand around Sherlock abruptly loses its rhythm as Sherlock repeats the movement, this time pushing downwards with his hips to stroke back the opposite way.
John’s own mouth twitched in response but he didn’t let go of the chair. “There’s co-codomal when you need it. If your leg’s bothering you.”
John moans again, the sound low and guttural, his hips stuttering upwards, and his voice when he speaks is scraped raw with longing. “Ok ok, I’m ready—oh my god, Sherlock, please—I need you to move.”
John seized Sherlock’s face in his hands, interrupting his own exclamation to lick his way into Sherlock’s mouth, his tongue pushing into the warm heat, desperate to taste him, to feel Sherlock against him.
Terror rushes through Sherlock, makes him reach out in an instinctive gesture and press his fingers to John’s lips.
Sherlock’s pale torso seemed to glow in the clean, white light and John gave himself a moment to simply take in the sight of this dark-haired beauty spread out beneath him. Sherlock’s lips were red from kissing, his cheeks and throat flushed a dull pink, and for the second time that morning, the sight of Sherlock made John think of a painting he had seen—this time, one by Gustav Klimt of a dark-haired woman with a band of gold around her throat, her chin tipped proudly up, something haughty and disdainful in her gaze, but also deeply compelling, as though she were trying to draw the viewer in simply by the look in her eyes—
Ignoring the doctor in him that was telling him to bandage his bloody hand, he put that hand on Sherlock’s hip, and used the other to guide his erection to the entrance to Sherlock’s body. He put the head of his cock against the puckered flesh and then very slowly pushed forward with his hips, stopping after the first inch.
“It’s alright. I think the others are having such a good time we’ll hardly be the focus of their attention tonight.”
Feeling disappointment cloud his euphoric feelings of arousal, Sherlock lets himself drop fully beneath the surface of the water again.
The first part of the plan necessitates Molly returning to her rooms as though nothing is out of the ordinary. He goes over the plan with her in great detail—twice, just to be sure she will not forget any part of it. It’s arguably the first part that is the trickiest—but the tricky bit is all up to Sherlock. Molly need only wait for his knock at her door once Sherlock has acquired the necessary tonic. Then it will be up to her to be sure it goes into Grimsby’s evening posset, which she takes every night before bed, like clockwork, at a quarter past ten o’clock.
He came to a door with a circular glass window. Sherlock had already vanished through it; he could see the back of Sherlock’s dark head on the other side disappearing down the hallway, but when he pulled on the handle, it wouldn’t open.
a lovers’ holiday, despite the lavishness of their hotel, that it was for a case, and just because they were now lovers that didn’t mean that Sherlock would change his ways as they related to the work.
The sexual aspect of their relationship was still relatively new, and although it was clear by now that their desire for one another was both mutual and in abundance, there was still a lot of territory that was unexplored, and many things which they had not discussed.
It’s always slightly surprising to see John beside other men because in truth, he’s quite short. Somehow it’s very easy to forget, even if standing beside him, John is half a head shorter than Sherlock.
Another wild cheer bursts forth at this, as well as a wave of astonished gasps and exclamations—judging by the looks on the other passengers’ faces, there is no precedent for this behavior.
“—but ultimately nothing came of it. You know how it is these days, with the papers dying for any little thing to blow up into a scandal. Poison, they were saying. They liked the tragic angle of it, no doubt. He left behind a wife, and two little ones. He was a younger fellow—that was what made it so strange. The wife came forward to give a testimony. Said he was fine in the evening when he went to bed, and the next thing she knows, she wakes up to find him stone cold beside her. Chilling stuff, I grant you. They were singing broadsides about it in the streets. ‘Poisoner on the Prowl.’ Well, of course the papers loved it. They were on about it for weeks, but like I said, nothing came of it. A man can drop dead at the slightest thing, after all, can’t he? If an oyster disagrees with him, for instance.” Ferguson takes a final drag on his pipe. “It doesn’t take much.”
Sherlock is torn between feeling helpless at John’s side, frustrated that he cannot be of more assistance, and relieved that John has not asked for his help so that he can concentrate all his efforts on watching John, taking in every facet of this new side of him.
John couldn’t help kissing him again. This time the kiss was slow, lingering, hinting at things that were to come. John pulled back, breathless. “I hope you’ll tell me about it someday. But for now… I think that curry might be getting cold.”
“But you must have had… a wealth of opportunities,” Miss Hooper says, with something like longing in her voice. “You could have gone to school, surely?”
He pulls back, registering the look of dawning recognition on John’s face, mingled with surprise, and what might be, Sherlock detects with a sinking feeling, something like worried disapproval.
By the time he’s reached the corridors of the lower deck, the dinner gong has sounded and Sherlock makes his way to the passengers’ saloon, deep in thought, his mind racing over various solutions to the obstacles in his plan.
“Oh…” Sherlock looks down, sees the spatter of dried blood and hastily covers it with his other hand. “I may have… that is, there was a bit of an incident on the way here. Someone I encountered was trying to detain me and had to be… dealt with.”
Sherlock never thinks about money, never thinks about the cost of things, because he’s never had to. But all of a sudden, he finds himself wishing he could help in some way to alleviate John’s extreme poverty. He would give John every item from his parent’s fortune in a heartbeat, if he needed it; every penny of his inheritance, if it would help him.
John pulled sharply on the blanket Sherlock was laying on, effectively rolling Sherlock onto the floor. Sherlock gave a squawk of indignant surprise and then leapt to his feet.
Each time he kissed Sherlock felt like the first time all over again—like he was discovering something new about him with every brush, every press of their mouths together.
Again, he dreams of the open window—a green scent, like rain and growing things engulfs him, and he turns towards it, aching with a longing that goes deeper than the ache of the fever, and he feels his forehead bathed in cool air.
But the look fades almost as quickly as it comes as Burns turns to them with a more serious expression. “It’s a good thing you came back when you did—I was just about to send someone down after you. Moore wants us back up on the topsails. Just in case the wind picks back up again. Captain’s orders.”
with him, something they have never done together before—something Sherlock has only dreamed of doing, Sherlock, who loves to dance almost as much as he loves to play his violin. They move so well together, their bodies falling almost immediately into a kind of natural sympathy.
The sight of him like this, abandoning himself to pleasure, to John’s mouth, John’s touch—it was almost more than he could bear.
Sherlock is silent, picturing how John must have looked in that moment when Anderson stopped him going through that door, how the fury would have built in him like a tempest, the rage pouring off of him in waves.
The ringtone on John’s phone shatters the silence—stark and familiar all at once. He’s never changed it in all the years Sherlock’s been away.
The sight of it turning breaks his spell. Sherlock throws the folio of papers back into the drawer and slams it shut; then dropping to his knees, he crawls under the enormous desk just as the door swings wide.
“PUSH THEM IN!” he screams, and then they are falling over the side of the ship, down into dark water.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered to John and he seemed to remember the circumstances under which they’d left 221B. There was a flash of humor in his eyes. “We can share a cab. St Bart’s is on the way.”
Of this fact Sherlock is painfully aware—Anderson wouldn’t spare a glance for John Watson if it weren’t for him. His hatred of John is only by proxy of his true hatred for Sherlock, and his desire to see Sherlock as miserable as possible.
“I’ve warned you, Holmes, that you’d better watch yourself, but it seems you didn’t take my warning seriously. So I’ll tell you again now, and I’ll make it very clear. If you spend any more time distracting members of the crew, you’re going to be very, very sorry. Is that understood?”
“I never asked you if you liked my riddle. Or didn’t you get the reference? Think hard. I’m sure Sherlock gave you plenty of hints.”
Sherlock seemed to steel himself. “I know what I am, and I understand if it isn’t worth it to you to be with someone like me. Especially with the risks involved.” Sherlock drew a sudden breath and John heard the fear in the sound, the frustration. “But please…”
The room was the same as John remembered with one major difference: all around the instruments of torture were stacked the corpses of Moriarty’s victims. They lay in messy piles, naked, limbs disfigured, pale eyes staring at nothing, their bare and ruined bodies overlapping obscenely. Many of them were unfamiliar to John, but one or two, he recognized—the couple they’d found in the dumpster, the man from the butcher shop, the woman dressed in pink from the very first case he and Sherlock had solved together.
It should be no trouble for Molly to intercept the steward’s tray and slip a few drops of the potion into the old woman’s drink.
“He wanted me to realize that he knows my vulnerable point—he knows what it would take to make me hurt the most. Now that he has that information he has power over me; he can use it against me anytime he likes, anytime I might need a reminder who is in control.”
John was so desperate to have Sherlock’s mouth back where it had been, ghosting along the crease between his arse cheeks, that he hitched one knee up on the mattress, opening himself further.
Sherlock straightens up and glares back at Mr. Summersby. “I’m taking Miss Hooper to where her company will actually be appreciated. Don’t worry, I’ll bring her back perfectly in tact.”
“I’ve seen you around the ship. You’re clever. You learn on your feet, and there’s no better quality for a seaman than that. Except one, which is the one that makes all the difference. It’s the one Mr. Anderson doesn’t have.”
Sherlock wonders if any members of John’s family are still alive. He knows his mother is no longer living but what about his father? His sisters? Brothers? How many siblings does John have? Sherlock wants to ask him, but he doesn’t know how to do so without sounding insensitive. Part of him wants to tell John about Redbeard, but he doesn’t know where to begin.
The corners of Sherlock’s mouth tick up at the memory. “You should have seen his face when he realized… ‘Pleased’ doesn’t even begin to cover it.”
John felt the hard, tight feeling in his stomach unclench slightly as Sherlock burrowed deeper into his side. He sighed and John felt his eyelashes flutter against his throat as Sherlock shut his eyes.
Sherlock moans, pushing his hips up into John’s touch, reaching the hand already behind him up to hold John’s head, his fingers twining through his salt-softened hair.
John’s torso is already completely dry, but Sherlock can feel the sheen of salt the ocean has left on his skin and he’s abruptly reminded of the day he came upon John sleeping behind the cannons on the foredeck. John had gone for a swim that afternoon and Sherlock remembers the glow of his skin, the way the salt had stiffened the golden peaks of his hair, and how badly Sherlock had wanted to kiss him everywhere on his bare and sun-warmed body.
Sherlock strokes himself a few more times, losing himself in the feeling, his thoughts returning to his dream.
More than anything, he wishes he could go back to that moment and take back what he said, refuse to answer. But then, if he had refused, wouldn’t the captain have gone back on his decision about Anderson?
He takes John in as deep as he can before he feels his throat start to protest and then pulls back, slowly, providing suction with his hollowed cheeks as he goes, relishing the feeling of John’s hips arching up of their own volition.
“You couldn’t have,” Sherlock says, curls sliding into his eye as he looks up at John with a trace of indignation. “I was thinking about how unique you are.”
A thousand anxieties swell to the surface of Sherlock’s mind, quenching his desire as effectively as water to a flame. What if John finds his ignorance, his lack of experience childish, unappealing? What if John decides Sherlock is hideous without his clothes on? What if Sherlock does something to offend him? What if John finds him foolish, awkward, clumsy?
Sherlock nods soundlessly, pressing his face in against John’s shoulder. He feels a burst of nervous self-consciousness but he knows, he
“My god,” John whispers, his mouth skimming, hot and open over the bare skin of Sherlock’s shoulder. “You unbearably lovely thing.”
A moment ago, Sherlock would have been concerned to see this—he would have feared for John’s safety, leaping like that from so great a distance into the moving boat—but his fear has left him with his body; so he can appreciate the beauty of John’s movement, the ease with which he leaps and lands, so lightly, so adroitly into the boat, without any trouble.
He should tell her something reassuring, should offer her a handkerchief, pat her on the arm, but he can’t speak. There is a cold, dead feeling in the center of his chest that is growing steadily outward.
Sherlock is so dazzled by the brilliance of the smile that John throws him over his shoulder that it takes him a moment to hear the next thing that comes out of John’s mouth.
He would often talk to himself rather than to those around him so lacking in anything worthwhile to say.
Luckily, John understands, striding forward with a grin until he comes to stand beside the other musicians, prompting a wild cheer to erupt from the assembled crowd.
John tips his head back obligingly, opening his mouth wide to give Sherlock better access, his own hands sliding down to grip Sherlock by the arse and then pulling, until Sherlock is kneeling above him, his knees on either side of John’s hips.
Sherlock wants to burn the image into his memory so that he never forgets the magnificence of John Watson in this moment, but then John’s mouth is moving slowly back up the length of his cock, creating lovely suction, and then John’s tongue is licking at the slit in the head and Sherlock cannot remain upright.
John and Sherlock both look toward the sound but they cannot see anything from where they are standing.
“We have exactly thirty five minutes before I need to be back up on deck, and I intend to put every one of those minutes to good use now.”
Sherlock's breath is hitching, his hands hovering in the air above John's head, uncertain where to let them rest as John’s lips trace the curve of his pectoral.
Sherlock stoops to kiss her cheek. “No, not dead. Sorry for all the grief. I’ll explain it later. No time to chat now. Got to get the doctor upstairs.”
Sherlock groaned in response and leaned over on one elbow to reach for something in the darkness at the foot of the chair.
What would Anderson do to John for showing up late? If he found out the sailor had been visiting Sherlock? Would he come to check on Sherlock—to see what sort of state he might be in?
John has returned to painting, unaware of the earth-shattering nature of Sherlock’s realization, and as Sherlock struggles to think what to say, his thoughts are interrupted by the presence of another sailor settling himself beside Sherlock with his bucket.
Sherlock’s eyes trailed down his face. He was seeing too much—John was too tired to hide it, so Sherlock must be seeing the sheer, naked desire on his face; the ache of wanting Sherlock that somehow impossibly had been dragged out into the light here, in the midst of all this madness.
“Lucky for you,” John said, panting, as his tongue dipped once again into the groove at the base of Sherlock’s spine. “I’m feeling generous.”
It wasn’t fair. John felt like he was fighting at a disadvantage and that made him want to fight dirty.
He was a few steps away and the man was leaning forward to knock the second cable out of alignment when he saw, out of the corner of his eye, a burst of yellow flame explode from the port side door of the main control room.
Sherlock lingers on the upper deck as long as he can before going down for dinner but John never appears.
Leaning forward, Sherlock laid his hands on John’s hips and then, spreading his palms, he dragged his hands down John’s legs, taking John’s foot in his hand and pressing a kiss to the inside of his arch.
As soon as Sherlock feels he is fully in control of himself again, he turns back around, intending to make his way back to his cabin before he is seized by another rash desire. However, he has only gone one or two steps before he hears the sound of hushed voices engaged in intense conversation emanating directly from the room beside him.
Sherlock notices, with a certain amount of quiet glee, that a trunk stamped with the name G. Grimsby has slid out of its rope fastenings and is laying on its side in a pool of fetid water.
The darkness was thicker on the next floor and when he reached the landing he saw that all the doors along the hallway were shut. He walked past them without a second glance and continued onward to the next flight of stairs.
As glad as he is to have successfully connected Molly with Lieutenant Lestrade, Sherlock cannot help but experience a twinge of loneliness as he makes his way back to the table where John’s messmates are gathered round, boisterously engaged in singing some manner of drinking song that has them pounding the table at the end of every verse.
Sherlock whimpers, quickening the pace of his strokes, imagining John’s calloused fingers sliding down to curl in the hair at the base of his cock, John’s hot mouth coming down to place a kiss against the corner of Sherlock’s parted lips.
The mood at breakfast is subdued once again due to the ever-present heat, and Sherlock is so distracted by his own thoughts that it’s halfway through the meal before he thinks to approach Miss Hooper and her aunt, to see if he might steal Miss Hooper away for another walk up on deck.
“John,” he says, turning to him with sudden urgency. “Tell me this is really happening. Tell me this isn’t just a dream.”
He does not see them mending sails. On the contrary, the three members of John’s mess are sitting before him, eying him warily as John stalks up and down in front of them, his fists clenched.
John sighed in bored agreement, shifting in his seat, eyes following Sherlock’s agitated glance to the line of buildings hunched like shadowy figures on the street opposite.
Sherlock can feel John’s smile against his neck as his hand traces the length of Sherlock’s cock through the straining fabric. “My, my, what have we here?”
, as if instinctively, what Sherlock’s body needs—how to give him the precise shade of pleasure he desires—it will never cease to be a thing of wonder to him.
Sherlock and his quarry turned a corner and John cursed as they vanished from sight. He was going to have some strong words with Sherlock when they got out of this mess. Never give chase when you have no backup. Wait for your partner before throwing yourself down narrow alleyways with no cover. John put on a burst of speed as visions of Sherlock, doubled over and bleeding from a fatal gunshot wound, flashed before his eyes.
“We could also drink this,” John says, with a mischievous grin, holding it up. “I don’t know much about wine but Styles assures me it’s a very good vintage.”
“Yes,” John says, covering Sherlock’s hand with his own. “Our departure is long overdue. Farewell, lads. See you back onboard tomorrow.”
The sheer hatred in John’s voice is so intense it makes the hair stand up on the back of Sherlock’s neck; there is fury, unmistakable now, boiling up, seething from underneath his words.
when whatever it is John has been waiting to show him is clearly just on the other side of those trees. But the excitement in John’s face, in his voice—in his whole body—is so vivid it’s like a current—Sherlock can feel it from the touch of John’s hands on his shoulders, and he suspects he would agree to much more in this moment if John asked it of him.
He watches John’s mouth fall open, head dropping back onto the pillow, his thighs splayed wide as Sherlock searches for the rhythm that will pull John apart.
But with every second that passes the danger of their situation increases, and Sherlock knows he has to hurry.
As he thinks of this, coupled with the newfound knowledge that John will no longer spend his evenings here with him, Sherlock feels grief drag him down like a weight.
He and Miss Hooper have moved to sit by the vast stern window at the back of the room. The sun is hot today and the sun-drenched room would be unbearable if not for the fact that the stern cabin is far enough above the water that the windows can be opened when the weather is fair, to let in a bit of a breeze.
If John’s tendency with Sherlock is to take things achingly, indulgently slowly, then Sherlock’s is the opposite. When left to his own devices, the pace of his desire is frantic, greedy. He’s so desperate for John, he cannot help himself. He wants to devour him.
“I can’t say for sure, but if I know John Watson, I’d venture he wouldn’t spend a minute longer than necessary on any project that kept him from your company.”
Sherlock thinks about John Watson’s knee pressing into his mattress and feels heat climbing up his throat.
“Suit yourself,” John said, shimmying out from under the desk and crawling to his feet. “I’ll be in your room. In case you change your mind.”
John has come up behind the others and it’s unsettling to see that the warmth that usually graces his features in a moment like this is markedly absent.
“I’ll do whatever I can to help you, if you need me,” John continues, his voice fierce, fingers holding tightly to Sherlock’s. “You’ve got me in this—no matter what. I’m yours.”
Whatever just happened, Sherlock hates it. Whatever it is inside of John that makes him ashamed of his feelings, ashamed of his own desires, Sherlock wants to find it and destroy it.
Sherlock lets out a shaking breath and John pulls back a little to look at him, his eyes sweeping over Sherlock’s face as if making sure that he’s alright.
Sherlock is so lost in his own musings that he almost walks directly into Colonel Jackson who is making his way down the corridor towards Sherlock.
The fact that Sherlock is covered in ship’s slime and rats is a new low, even for him, and to Sherlock’s horror this realization conjures up the apparition of his brother, his face a mixture of condescension and smug delight.
He does not know how John is able to do it but for one brief moment in time he has managed to convince Sherlock that he’s right—he
“How did he seem?” Sherlock presses. “The captain—this morning when you returned to work, did he seem surprised?”
Every inch of the place is crowded with people—standing together talking and drinking, sitting at crowded tables over games of cards, fighting their way towards the bar.
He went into the kitchen for a glass of water, listening as he went for sounds of Sherlock, but the flat was quiet. Maybe he had gone out. At the thought of Sherlock, John felt his pulse pick up, and he experienced a stab of irrational anger, both at himself for his body’s reaction and at the possibility that Sherlock had left the flat. If Sherlock was gone, he should be grateful. After all, he’d made it very clear to Sherlock that he didn’t want looking after.
He went cautiously at first, circling the ring of flesh once before pushing gently in, but he needn’t have worried. Sherlock gave easily to the intrusion, his body worked so thoroughly open from John’s eager tongue.
A half a dozen unsavory possibilities cross Sherlock’s mind, and although a dark part of him is curious to know, a larger part of him suspects that finding out would lead to nothing good; and he has a suspicion that if he were to approach the group of sailors now asking about John, he would get an earful of some kind or another.
“Don’t worry, my little sea dragon. You’ve convinced me. But let me join you properly rather than toppling in head-first.”
The men are staggered in various seated or reclining positions around the foremast, which is where they generally tend to congregate this time of day—out of the way of the few men still on watch.
Sherlock’s fears of a moment ago now feel completely ridiculous. This John standing above them is clearly invincible, he is immortal—he cannot be defeated by war, or cannon fire, not even the rage of the sea can tame him. If a shark had tried to take a bite out of him, John probably would have wrestled it into submission before it even opened its mouth.
The resulting sensation makes Sherlock’s eyes slide shut with a tremulous moan—the friction is doubled, tripled, by John’s adjustment—the moisture leaking from the heads of both their swollen cocks easing the slide of their hips together.
“Thank you,” he says, still searching for a way to describe to John what he is feeling. He can feel the alcohol unspooling through his veins, warming him up. He pushes an errant lock of hair off his forehead, struggling to find the right words. “That was… I love playing music, and I’ve missed it, but…” He looks up at John, joy bursting to life all over his face as he recalls the feeling it gave him. “I’ve never experienced anything like that… that was something else entirely.”
Sherlock holds tighter than ever to the edge of his bunk as the ship rolls on its side, his lips still forming the words of his plea.
“John…” Sherlock turned against him with sudden urgency, his other hand slipping down to clutch at the one in John’s. His voice was full of desperation. “What did he do?”
. Midshipmen shouldn’t be flogged for showing up late to their shift. Or even if they are, it’s six strokes not—”
John felt the vibration all the way through the length of his cock and into his balls. He let out a yell, his legs coming up to lock around Sherlock’s back.
“Mycroft was of course no comfort to her either. He’s even more unlovable than I am, if you can imagine it.”
. You, sitting naked between my thighs, wide-eyed, gorgeous, dripping-wet, looking at me like I’d swallowed the sun.” His thumb brushes over the corner of Sherlock’s mouth and Sherlock parts his lips, pushing his face into John’s palm. “I imagined washing your hair… the feeling of it so soft, like silk under my hands…”
Miss Hooper’s words are measured, careful. “I’ve been going over every detail of that night since it happened, in the hopes that some piece of what I saw might be helpful, and earlier in the evening, I
John watched Sherlock fall to his knees, his hands tearing at the fabric of his shirt, mouth twisted open in pain. His teeth were bared in a grimace as he pulled the fabric apart and there, John saw, with a corresponding shock of pain that reverberated through his entire body, was a hole where Sherlock’s heart had been, black and charred at the edges, pouring ash.
John was fairly practiced at sucking cock—he’d swallowed down his fair share over the years—but never had he had the pleasure of going down on anyone who was so responsive to every flick, every ripple of his tongue.
John gasped again, his hand fisting in the material of Sherlock’s jacket, and felt Sherlock’s teeth sink into his bottom lip, tugging lightly, before pulling back, his breath hot and unsteady against John’s jaw.
A flash of gold catches Sherlock’s eye, and to his mingled horror and delight, he spies John Watson in the water, the sunlight gleaming off his bare, muscled back as he flips over and dives down out of sight.
“I want to apologize for earlier. I wasn’t… I wasn’t thinking straight. I’m sorry if I caused any of you to worry,” John continues, his voice full of regret.
Miss Hooper nods again, her eyes shining slightly, no doubt in recognition of the valor of the Lieutenant’s sentiments in this regard.
—that he had put John at greater risk by telling the captain John’s name; and he knew, on some level, that word about Anderson’s accusations would reach the captain’s ears. But to hear the captain tell Lestrade to keep an eye on the pair of them—to hear the captain say that he believed Anderson’s suspicions were right… to hear what he said about the punishment for sodomy…
It’s only when he sees the startled look on John’s face that he realizes what John is trying to tell him; that as far as John is concerned he
“But what you should know,” and here again, John squeezes Sherlock’s hand hard in his, “is that no matter what happens, my priority will be you. If we’re lucky enough…” And here there is a longing in John’s eyes bright enough to light the blue the color of a summer sky. “I’ll have some time off—a few hours maybe, and if we can get past that beef-head Anderson, perhaps we’ll have some extra time together. But no one, Sherlock Holmes, is going to have access to my
There was an unopened bottle of wine beside the two place settings, and looking at it, John realized he recognized the label. It was from the same vineyard as the wine Sherlock had served them the night he had come back from New Zealand. The grateful wine merchant must have given Sherlock several bottles.
The light in the small room is dim but Sherlock can see from the lamp hanging over the lieutenant’s desk just how haggard Lestrade looks as he turns to face them.
He has always been overly sensitive—the world so often feels like too much, like an invasion, an onslaught to his senses. As a result, he’s had to learn how to shut himself up, how to shut some of the feeling out, in order to exist without going completely mad.
