Gripping his torso tightly, he paused for just a moment to make sure his omega was all right. Cas moaned and shoved his ass back until they were completely connected. He gasped and thought no more. All he could do was feel. He felt his balls slapping against Cas' skin. He felt the sweat under his hands. He felt the heat and wet surrounding his cock. He felt the vibrations of Cas’ shouts and moans through his arms. His nose rubbed along his mate's neck and in his hair and he felt
“No hiding, Sweetheart. We're mates, no hiding. Tell me.” He spoke so softly, it made Cas' heart gooey.
Cas just pushed his ass higher and firmer into Dean’s hands and purred louder. As he put his shoulders down on the bed in the perfect presenting pose (son of a bitch!), he couldn’t take anymore, pushed his ass back down and buried his face between his cheeks.
Hearing his pup grunt, he looked down to see his baby's eyes looking back at him. They were a shade lighter than his with a tint of blue added, making a gorgeous teal--a true mix of him and Cas. The boy's hair was absolutely all Cas': dark brunette and looking as if he had been struck by lightning, for it all (and he had a lot) stuck up in different directions. He had his eyebrows but Cas' nose, and his lips were larger like his mate's but had Dean's cupid bow. Dean couldn't help how his wings kept shuffling in pride at how gorgeous his pup was and how strong, brave, and perfect his omega had handled everything.
After watching her leave, he closed the door and got settled on the bed, making himself comfortable.
“Yes, Michael. We will take care of it.” With a quick nod to his sire, he turned to his mate and took his hand.
“He doesn’t want to see his ‘soldiers’ be happy. John hasn’t been happy in years, not since his parents were lost in the war. He envisioned that Dean or Sam would help avenge them. He has never been concerned for
"You wanted to go into business with me, partner, so get up and help me get ready to open the bakery!!"
"G'morning, Emmie!" Dean let go as Gabe reached for his niece, and the omega broke into laughter as she flew/floated over to land in his arms.
Cas had kept his eyes glued to the ever-changing emotions on Dean’s face, so he was able to watch as those long, long lashes slowly started to drop, as his alpha’s face came closer with those plump, red-bitten lips aiming for his own. He leaned up the last inch to meet him in the middle with the sweetest kiss that they had so far.
It didn't take him long to cook (he used a bit of grace to speed things up), and he was excited to get to pile into bed with his family. Carrying a tray ladened with food and drinks he carefully went upstairs and into their room, and the sight that greeted him made his heart full. Cas was settled with his back on the headboard holding Emmie's hands as she bounced on his thighs, standing on her feet with her wings trying to flap more than their normal flutter. Cas was laughing like a loon which was wonderful, but add in Emmie's giggles, well, it about brought the alpha to his knees in gratitude.
Cas took one more look at the man’s jeans before looking back up into those green eyes and spreading his legs in invitation.
“Cas, you’re mine. I need to claim you, Omega. I need to have my knot and my teeth inside you. I need you to tell me I can, please. Please tell me that I can have you.” He could hear the snarl of his alpha in his throat as the scent of Cas’ slick got stronger. Fuck.
He walked into the kitchen to get one last dessert to share with his brother and dearest friend. He had made a new recipe that morning that was appropriately enough a new version of an angel food cake.
Hearing Cas moan, Dean repeated the action while wrapping his hand around the smaller man’s cock. It was such a pretty cock, which was something he never thought about before. It was long and slender, but still carried a large head. He stroked his thumb across the slit on his upstroke, causing Cas’ head to fall back on his shoulders.
“What? Oh, yes. Sorry. I got distracted by my brother. I have two questions. One, how long is this ceremony, and secondly, did you say you were bringing your brother to the ceremony?”
them to be alert and he wanted them to fight back. Dean looked over at Sam and knew the look of controlled fury that he saw on his brother’s face mirrored his own.
He waited until Dean’s eyes opened and caught his. Then he  slipped his hand between their bodies to guide his alpha’s cock to his open, wet hole. When Dean’s eyes widened and flashed red, he could feel his eyes flash gold in response. Cas nodded in consent.
She had heard Dean growl before, since he was an alpha. He actually growled a lot. She had never heard him whimper before, though. That was definitely new. She could hear Sam in the background asking Dean what was wrong.
"Sounds like so much fun, lil' bit. Did you bounce?" he asked her as he walked into the nursery with Dean on his heels. "You go start breakfast, Alpha. I'll change our girl and meet you back in our bed. We'll watch some cartoons 'til she's asleep, then I'd like to cuddle you 'til I'm asleep again, ok?"
“Fuck, Sweetheart. You smell and taste so amazing. I need more.” He couldn’t tear his eyes away from Cas’ ass, because as of right now, to Dean it was the eighth wonder of the freakin’ world.
After an hour of three grown men doing the bidding of one tiny princess, Dean was exhausted and she was ready for more breakfast. He waved goodbye to the others after arranging for them all to have dinner together, then he went back into the kitchen to give his pup some mushy fruit.
‘You are awesome, Baby.” He was impressed that in the middle of his heat, when his whole body was crying out for his alpha, Cas could still make observations like the leader he had been as an angel.
Before he fell over backwards, he caught Dean's hand with his own and helped him up. His trousers fell to the ground.
Bobby had been in Heaven for a few years Earth time (more like a decade or so in Heaven) and working in the main library when he met Mary one day when she came in to borrow some children's books to read to Emmie. He had been surprised that she just didn't 'download' them like the other angels did (hold book, retain story forever), but instead, did it the human way. Mary had invited him to coffee to get to know the alpha who was about her age, intelligent, kind, and interested in doing things the way he always had before he died.
Fortuitously, the gardens were next to the huge lawn that was to host the AO Meet. Shortly after the sun's zenith, the alphas would arrive and the gathering would begin. Dean could already see the colorful tents and tables that were soon to be filled with tasty nibbles and thirst-quenching libations. The area was swarming with busy servants.
“So, my soul says “property of Castiel?” When he saw the blush bloom across his mate’s cheeks he melted (What? He was in love dammit). “I’m good with that.”
If two people smelled 'right', 'good', or were the 'best scent ever' to each other they would then test if they were soulmates, if that's what they wanted. To test all you had to do was lay your hand over the other person's heart while they did the same to you. If you were mates, a mark would appear on your wrists. Every pair's mark was different, but they all had black outlines filled with watercolors . Some were small and some covered the entire arm. Cas was ready for his.
Cas was listening to his sister talking on the phone, trying to convince her mate that he was alive and well, as he watched his alpha bonding with their pup, or fledgling, as Michael had called her.
The music was just instrumental and actually sounded like it was on a loop. Just then he saw, or thought he saw, the Alphas jump off the side of the stage. He smelled Dean just before he could see his shape coming closer.
Dean hated the uncertainty and anxiousness on Cas’ face. He stepped forward and placed his hands on the omega’s face, cradling him gently. He whispered that Cas was perfect just the way he was, before he claimed his mouth. He moaned as their lips slid together. The omega’s lips tasted like ambrosia. He was addicted already.
Dean ate as much of the offered bread, cheese and fruit as he could. The oldest son of the house normally didn't eat a lot in the morning, but who knew what variables would be at work on his journey? Would his father stop on the way to their destination? How long would he be in the carriage? What would be available to eat? Would his father be in a good mood? Well, he undoubtedly knew the answer to that particular question, at least. Dean didn't hold out much hope for a pleasant travelling companion, or answers to any of his questions. In this household, omegas were just ordered around, not informed.
Cas pulled all of Gabriel's blankets and sheets from his bed. He had to admit that Gabriel made himself a nice nest, but not nearly as fluffy as his own. He needed to be cushioned and cocooned with many pillows and throws.
“His name is Castiel, and he is very beautiful, for a human. I believe he is your ‘type’. He stands a few inches shorter than you and he is very fit. Blue eyes and dark hair, that should mix with your looks for some adorable fledglings. He is carrying some type of stress and of course, there’s Gabriel.”
As he listened to the snarls, rumbles, and growls Dean was emitting grow fainter with each long stride of his alpha, it took everything in him not to answer back in moans, whimpers, or purrs. He had hidden in the room where his scent was concentrated for a reason. Dean knew he had been staying in there, so he wouldn’t think anything of the presence of Cas’ strong scent. Now that his alpha had prowled past, Cas carefully made his way to the bedroom door to make sure he was in the clear.
It seemed to do the trick, and he held on as Cas bowed his back off the bed with the force of his orgasm. As muscles clamped down, he could do nothing else but ram his knot past the tight rim so that they were finally locked together. Dean's mouth immediately shifted from his ear to the spot his nose zeroed in on, between his neck and shoulder. He gave one good sniff with a lick, opening his mouth wide. His canines dropped and he bit down.
“Yeah, baby. I wanna wear your bite. Show the world that I belong to you, just as much as my bite on your neck shows that you belong to me.” He gave him one last, chaste kiss and bared his neck to his omega.
Cas was in awe when he held his very own phone. He had been given several hand-me-down phones from Sam and Dean before, but that was when he was an angel. This felt so much different being human. It caused him to start crying again. Damn hormones.
Sam walked back to his station to wait for the signal that it was time to walk the alphas through. Michael sent him the message that he was to keep an eye on the cute omega until he could decide what to do about the whole situation (Actually, Michael told him to watch out for “his brother’s mate’s brother.” Now how did Michael know that?) Sam was very curious about that omega. He was also very confused, because he found himself attracted to him.
shoulders. Dean was making it very clear that his actions against his mate were the reason he was going to die by Dean’s hands.
An older woman he assumed was Cas' mom stood in the open doorway and smiled with curiosity. “Cassie! Who’s this and where is your brother?”
He mentally rolled his eyes and cleared his throat. Immediately, the room was silent. “Alphas, welcome to Novak Castle. If we have not been properly introduced, I am Prince Castiel, Duke Novak, youngest sibling of His Majesty. After these doors are opened, the only rule I ask you to follow, is to be polite to the omegas and do not touch them in any way unless you are invited or you have successfully won a claim. Do I make myself clear?”
“No need, Dean. This, us, is very new. I can’t say that if I had woken up alone, that I wouldn’t have thought that I dreamt you, surrounded by the scent of alpha that’s haunted me since I first caught your scent.”
Cas couldn’t help but hide behind his alpha as Alistair spitted his hatred at Cas and Emmie, trying to place the blame of his attack on
He leaned down so that his soft, growly voice was directly in Cas' ear. “Come on, Omega. Need you to come again. I wanna feel you clamp down on my knot. Please, Cas. Come on, come on, come on.”
Whispering “finally” Dean leaned down the few inches to get his first taste of the man he’d been in love with for years (he was finally honest with himself). He thought to keep their first kiss chaste out of respect for Cas, but when his omega purred and licked his bottom lip (well, what was an alpha to do), he scooped his mate up bridal style and carried him to their nest.
“Alpha, please! I need you inside me, please!” He really couldn’t help the thrill that shot through him (especially through his dick) when his omega begged.
It took her a bit to get Cas settled. He refused to go into any room other than Dean’s, and, weak from heat or not, he was much stronger than she, so he got his way. She got a couple bottles of water in him and forced him to eat some cheese and crackers. He babbled out parts of his story and, shit on a shingle! Dean was gonna freak. Speaking of whom, she had fifteen new voice mails from him and a few from Sam. She grabbed a beer before dialing him back.
"Yes, Ma'am. We're going over to Lawrence to an all night showing of the Star Wars movies. I can't wait."
Cas! Give me your knot!”—and he was caught and felt his canines lengthen, so he grabbed Dean's hair, pulled his neck to the side and bit him. And surrendered to ecstasy.
"Cassie, come on! You're going to be there, so there's no reason for me to get up at 4 fucking a.m.! Let me sleep."
He felt Dean slow his thrusts until he remained buried deep in his channel, just grinding into him. This went on for a minute or two before his alpha slowly pulled completely out, then moved so that he could roll over. Cas got situated on the pillow before wrapping his legs around his soon-to-be mate’s hips, trying to pull him back inside his body, but Dean stayed on his knees just looking at him.
Dean rumbled back in pure happiness. His alpha puffed to hear his omega’s purr. “I love you too, Sweetheart. That’s something I've never found easy to say, but I’ll spend my life making sure you know just how much I love you.” To make his mate more comfortable, Dean rolled them over so he was on the bottom.
Charlie was now the one listening to him, since horticulture was a particular passion for Dean—and one that he was allowed to participate in, as it was an “acceptable” omega pursuit. He had enjoyed spending a great deal of time among the flowers and herbs, and many of his embroidery designs were inspired from the family grounds.
He could feel his eyes turning red at the sight of this beautiful omega before him settling down between Dean’s legs with his head at the foot of the bed and his gorgeous, thick thighs draped over the alpha’s bow legs. He got lost just enjoying the sight until he realized that his mate’s cum was still on him. He swiped a finger through it, bringing it to his mouth and licking it off.
“Cas, go to our room, remove your clothes and wait for me. Please.” He did not use his ‘alpha’ voice on him. He made it a request. He respected Cas and he wanted to show him that.
After the meal (he finally put Emmie down in his lap so he could eat), Michael interrupted his conversation to send him some information. He had been speaking to Cas, when he suddenly went silent, looked away and listened to his sire.
“Cas, yeah, Babe. I ...uh....OK, so a few years ago the furniture store by our place was having an amazing sale so I bought a nesting bed. I’ve never slept in it. I put it in the master bedroom and I sleep in the spare room. I wanted to find you so desperately I couldn’t bring myself to sleep in such a bed by myself.” He couldn’t look at Cas but he knew his mate could smell his embarrassment.
He watched as the five alphas turned as one, and knew the Winchester brothers had arrived. Cas saw Sam jump out of the car, and chase the two that ran. The Impala stopped just inches from crashing into the remaining three, and as Dean stepped out, he wished that Charlie had left the sound hooked up on the cameras. Regardless, he would watch every move his alpha made. He could already feel his slick leaking in anticipation.
Dean stood, wiped his hands on his jeans, and looked like he had forgotten about the last alpha. However, Cas had fought along-side Dean and Sam for years, and he could tell that his eyes were taking in each twitch of his opponent’s muscles.
He risked a peek at the prince, who was squinting his eyes at the alpha in question. The few glimpses he had allowed himself of the man in front of him thrilled him to his toes. He was beautiful. The combination of his brilliant blue eyes, chiseled jaw and tall physique left him squirming. Mentally. Because omegas didn't fidget.
He watched as Dean’s cock twitched, growing harder with every lick of that tongue. The alpha was so enthusiastic, that he could feel heat quickly pooling in his groin, and he knew he was gonna come soon. He eased one hand off Dean’s leg and wrapped it around the large, hard cock so close to his mouth. If Dean could taste him he could return the favor.
“I know. Come on now, Omega. Don't cry. Charlie said you’re getting dehydrated. I need you to take care of yourself for me til I get to you.”
“The second bite while we’re mated is what gives you some of my grace to change you to into an angel.” He ran his hand up and down the strong muscles of Cas’ back to soothe him.
It had helped when he was able to talk to Dean, a few hours ago. Maybe Charlie would let him call his alpha again.
The smallest Angel stepped forward and when he opened his arms he was holding a stack of the most beautiful robes. He could see in just a glance that these were softer than any throw on his nest. He needed to feel this on his skin and soon.
“Nothing, Dean. She scared herself. Let’s go to her room. I believe she needs a fresh diaper and we should gather some of her things to take...home. What am I allowed to bring?”
Without too much detail I did Not have another heart attack like we thought I did, and after several days of tests Drs determined that the heart disease I do have is still where it was, no worse, and nothing new is wrong. I had a case if Angina that scared us all into thinking I was having another heart attack. I had wonderful Drs n nurses to help me along with my family. Not to mention all the love n support from you all. Your messages meant so much.
Dean, again incredibly turned on by his alpha, could not help the trickle of slick that escaped down his leg. He heard his mate take a strong sniff, then watched Cas turn around and offer his hand.
“Yes, a bit of a snuggle, and then a few days with you, my Alpha. I hope we are going to pup with this heat.”
He could feel Dean’s whole body vibrating with tension. Cas raised his hips and his cock rubbed along Dean’s larger one, causing them both to groan. When he did it again, the alpha ground his hips down at the same time. Oh, that felt amazing.
Cas only cried for a little while before Dean could smell his scent go from relief to the beginnings of arousal again. When he could feel Cas’ hips grind down ever so gently, Dean put his wings away and palmed the cheeks of the omega’s pert and plump ass. It was a great ass. He had been sneaking looks at it since the moment they met.
.” He had to swallow hard to keep from sobbing but he could see that Dean knew exactly what was going through his mind.
Cas kept his smile pressed to Dean’s matching one, as he rolled his eyes looking all over the room, til the alpha got a clue and began to laugh along with him.
Castiel had never witnessed an AO Meet (he had been young for the last few gatherings and not ready to find a mate), but he was fully informed of what happened at them. His brothers had gleefully related tales of their own experiences. Gabriel was the only sibling left unmated, and the alpha was in no hurry. Since he had presented, he had attended several purely for his own entertainment.
When he began sliding into Cas’ body the omega cried out in ecstasy. Almost immediately, he came so hard he actually got cum in his mouth. He hadn’t realized he was so close, but fuck, did it feel amazing.
The omega in him really didn't like all the women and men catcalling his mate. Cas tried to tell himself  that the alpha's focus was solely on him, buuuuuut it wouldn't hurt to flirt a bit, now, would it?
He took one last look around at the others before falling into step with Sam. Dean didn’t see his mom and he was becoming worried about her. He would ask Michael as soon as he had a chance.
Being an even more helpful alpha, Dean continued to grind his knot against Cas’ prostate. Thinking about his words, the alpha sat up so that he could kiss his mate and whispered a question in his ear.
Prince Castiel stood alone in the atrium. At any moment, the alphas waiting outside would be escorted here where he would lead them out the glass doors onto the lawn. He was relieved that proper etiquette was suspended for the duration of an AO Meet, because he really didn't want to hear any of them talking about…well, anything, really, but he didn't want to listen to them talk about omegas or mating or knotting… Alphas turned very earthy while ruminating about mating, and Castiel did not enjoy lewdness or even bawdy behavior. His brothers poked fun at him for being a prude, but he couldn’t help his nature. Gabriel figured he was missing a few alpha bits of his brain. Maybe he was right.
Wow, he didn’t think it was possible for that face to get even uglier. Huh. “I will make that whore watch as you die before I have my way with him again. Only this time, I’ll bleed him to death.”
While admiring Dean's broad shoulders, trim waist, plush mouth and the charming freckles that decorated his lovely, smooth skin, the prince asked some questions. He found that he wanted to know
Cas loved that Dean answered Bal, but he looked Cas in the eye as he replied. The alpha looked him in the eyes, and held. If he wasn’t an omega that would be normal, but no one held the gaze of an omega. No. One.
He didn’t know what he smelled like to his mate, but he could scent that it pleased Castiel. Dean was excited to scent him when he pulled back and bared his neck to Dean. He buried his nose in his mate’s neck and took a deep breath. Dean was glad he was already on his knees the first time he got a true scent of his omega. Castiel smelled like everything Dean loved the most. The scent was his mom’s apple pie, full of  ripe apples, cinnamon, sugar and cloves. He would have to ask him later what he smelled when he scented Dean.
“No submission, Cas. You are my omega, but you are also my equal. I don’t know if I deserve you, but hell if I'm gonna question this. I've wanted you for too long, Angel.” The alpha's eyes were soft and warm, and he brought his other hand up, cupping his face reverently.
Cas would be turning twenty-one at midnight, just before they would arrive at the club. He had no interest in going to just any club and he wasn't going out to get drunk. If that's what he wanted he just had to go to Bal's room. He had a well stocked mini-bar that he said Cas was welcome to anytime. No, what Cas was looking forward to was this particular club on this particular night.
It broke the solemn moment of Michael's speech, causing them all to begin laughing. His Blondie-Girl didn't know why everyone was laughing, but she giggled while still trying to get to her brother. Michael gave him CJ back, so Dean turned slightly so that Emmie could look him over as he snoozed away. He wrapped his other arm around his mate, gently combing his fingers along the top of his wings.
“Well, Michael said that she could stay with my brother, who is very close to Emmie, and your brother. We will be able to see her each day for a few moments at a time, yeah? I mean, Michael said that Sam’s home is close to yours?”
“No! No, no, no, no, no! No crying, Babe. I don’t need you to heal me,” he said as he sat on the bed and pulled Cas into his lap, letting the omega wrap around him like an octopus. “I just need you because you’re you, Cas.”
Pulling back from the kiss he watched as Dean tried to chase his lips, before opening those green eyes to stare at him again. He laughed to himself as Dean sniffed at the air smelling the happiness (and maybe a bit of slick that came from thinking about those nights of passion) coming from him.
“A year ago I was assaulted and … and I have a five-month-old pup named Emmie. Will you accept her?”
He went downstairs to eat dinner with his parents. Cas would have preferred to remain in his room to get ready for tonight. He wanted to take his time, bathe and pamper himself a bit. He also wanted to get off to the tatts on the body on the Alpha Review flyer that Bal had given him. It was a shame that the picture didn't include the Alpha's face, Cas was sure it was as hot as the chest was. He had done that several times a day since he had gotten it. Oh well.
This was it. Dean was just moments from getting to present himself before the Omegas. Oh, how he had talked to Michael! Laying out his need for his Original Sire to deliver his mate to him during the ceremony. Dean gave Michael his assurances that he and his Omega would raise good and faithful angels. He told him that he would provide an eternity of happiness, love, respect, and faithfulness to his Omega and his offspring.
Dean walked up to his brother and wrapped him in a hug, wings and all. He had always taken care of Sammy and that wouldn’t stop any eon soon. Their dad had never really made time for them except to issue orders and train them, daily. Mary, their mom, was a much better parent and Dean didn’t believe it was just because she was an omega. She just radiated love all the time, even before becoming a Cupid.
"Gabe, shut the fuck up. I'll have him to dinner at Ellen's, as soon as we've mated and figured some stuff out." Slinging his bag over his shoulder, he smacked Benny’s shoulder on the way to the stairs. As he grabbed the curtain with one hand, he turned over his shoulder to wink at the guys watching him.
“Come on, Omega. Let's take Emmie to her uncles, yeah?” He accepted Dean’s kiss, nodding his head in agreement.
“I’ll call you when I can so you can bring our pup over for a bit. I don’t want her to get upset missing Cas too much.” Dean told his brother as he watched him (along with Emmie who was wrapped in Gabriel’s arms) walking out the back towards the guest house.
While she drew his night clothes off and shoo'd him to the loo, she replied, “You didn't sleep much these past few nights, Sir. You needed your rest. It's a big day, today.”
Dean’s growl (he assumed he found the slick-scented tshirt) spurred him on. He had just gotten into the bedroom and had hidden behind the bathroom door, when he heard the alpha’s bare feet smacking against the floor in approach. Cas could hear the sharp snarls of his alpha as he drank in his scent. The scent of  the soap his alpha had used along with the lightening in his scent got sharper as Dean’s arousal grew. It smelled like a thunderstorm in the bunker, and when combined with his scent of lilacs and honey? It was the best damn thing Cas had ever smelled.
The raucous sounds of another fight drowned out the words, “No, Alpha,” but he saw his mouth shape the words, and sanity abandoned him.
Cas had always loved Dean’s scent of leather and lightning. Being surrounded in it, nestled in his memory foam bed, was one of the best and worst things he had ever experienced. He just really wanted the scent to be coming from the alpha himself, right now.
"Man, you are a lucky son of a bitch. Your omega is gorgeous. Maybe he's got some friends he could introduce me to?"
"Yes. Gabriel is my omega, we just have to wait. Michael has not said how long the wait will be, but he did say that he will allow him to stay in Heaven." This was the only time Dean could remember sensing frustration from his brother.
“Hold on, Sugar,” was the only warning he gave before he starting pounding into Cas. The only sounds in the room were the smack of skin as their bodies connected, and their rhythmic grunts of pleasure. Cas had to brace his hands on the headboard, to keep his head from smacking it, since Dean was slowly pushing him up the bed with his momentum.
"Hello Ladies and Gentleman. My name is Crowley and I wish to thank you again for coming to the opening of Crowley's Club. I know, I know. It's not very original but I don't care. Now, we have something different coming up. I'm sure if you know anything about the Alphas in The Alpha Review, you know that some of these studs like to dance for someone they pick up on stage. There has only been one dancer that has never danced with someone on stage."
“Come on, Emmie. Let’s go look around some more, ok?” He kissed her nose and closed the bedroom door, back the way it was before they entered.
“Me too, Honey. Hold on, Cas. Just close your eyes and picture our pup and I’ll fly us there.” He lay his head on Dean’s shoulder and thought of Emmie, lying in a bed between them, laughing and blowing raspberries at her two fathers. Cas would forever be thankful that his alpha claimed Emmie. Always.
“I love you, too, Bal. Call me before you decide what time you are going home tomorrow, and the three of us will have coffee before you go. Dean?”
“No, Charlie-girl. Not gonna go easy. Sammy, I don’t need a damn gun! I’m gonna rip them apart and listen to their screams as I bathe in their blood.”
Standing back stage he was putting just a bit of oil on his chest so his muscles really stood out in the lights. He had about five minutes until he went on and had to tell the DJ what to play. He was having the hardest time trying to concentrate tonight. He can still remember his mom telling him to pay attention to his instincts and tonight they were screaming that something big was headed his way. He quickly checked in with his brother and uncle by text and they were both alright. He knew what he needed to do.
He was curious when the DJ placed five chairs on the stage. If the Alphas were going to dance for other members of the audience, well, Cas wasn't sure he wanted to watch Dean dance on someone like he had with him. Fuck, this was gonna suck. He looked up when Crowley came out and found the man smiling at him. The owner winked at him before he addressed the crowd.
Dean threw Cas’ leg from being draped over his arm, to up and over his shoulder as he stretched his body higher for better leverage. When he stopped to look at Cas, he stared for a minute at the beautiful man spread out beneath him. His blue eyes were almost completely omega gold, his mouth was open, panting, and there was the deep blush of arousal all over his body. And it was all for Dean.
“Apologies.” He could feel his blush when she looked at him with one eye brow raised. Cas hated that he didn’t have control over his body at the moment, but he knew that Dean would be here soon to help him.
"The Angels killing us all. I don't want to die, trust me. I just....I, well, I'm choosing to have faith."
He started thrashing his head back and forth with the feeling of Dean popping his head in and out of his rim. Cas, again, was trying to push against Dean to get him deep inside him and as before the alpha refused to let him move by keeping a tight hold on his hips. Only this time he was stroking his hip bones with his thumb, making Cas wonder if everyone’s hip bones were an erogenous zone, ‘cause it was driving his desire through the roof! He couldn’t control the whimper that made its way out of his throat, which brought a deep rumble of laughter from Dean.
Dean jerked to attention when he heard his mother calling for him. He took one last look in his mirror, and squaring his shoulders he walked out to find his mom making tea in his kitchen.
Cas placed his hand in the gorgeous Alpha's and let him help him up. He was surprised that he was only a few inches shorter than Dean, but the Alpha definitely had him beat in the muscles. Oh, the muscles on this man! He followed him to the edge of the stage and as he was looking for the stairs to get up there, Dean dropped into a squatting position to wrap his arms around Cas' knees before straightening back up picking him up and setting him on the stage.  He knew his jaw was on the floor with the show of strength but damn that was hot.
Cas dried off with the towel they provided him, but when he went to grab his clothes the Angel snapped his fingers and his clothes were gone.
“Dudes!” He heard the pride in Charlie’s voice when she answered Dean’s call. “Yeah, no. Cas wanted to watch, but no sound though. Huh? Oh, OK, that makes sense. See you in a few.” She pocketed her phone and picked up the laptop.
"While I think you will make someone an amazing Alpha, you are not mine and I am not your Omega. I fear that if we try to fool the Angels the consequences will be worse..."
He knew the horror was reflected on his face, but he didn't care when he blurted out, “Oh, no, Sir!” He vigorously shook his head. “I was just surprised that he was here. But I guess I shouldn't be, since…”
His mouth slammed onto the plush lips in front of him, and Dean opened his mouth in surrender. His tongue pillaged the ridges of his palate, his teeth and his tongue until he heard Dean whine and he groaned in response. He didn’t remember his hands pulling the omega's legs up around his hips, but he felt corresponding arms grip around his neck.
Cas was helping out at the counter during the lunch time rush. The bakery had already been busy during the noon hours, but since he and Gabriel had started serving soups and sandwiches, the line was out the door while their customers waited in line for their takeout orders. He really was going to have to look into adding more seating, somehow.
He had released a rumble from his chest and blushed. But he couldn’t help it! Charlie was covered in his omega’s scent, and it was glorious.
A few days before,  Cas was writing his last paper for the school semester, thank God, when Bal came barging in his room.
On the one hand, Dean couldn’t wait to be alone with Cas, but on the other, he didn’t want to let go of his pup. He kept rubbing his nose in her hair to smell the combined scent of him, Cas, and something that was her own, like the faint hint of blueberries. His family smelled like pies. Oh, he was so in love. Huh. Wow. Dean was surprised at how quickly and easily he had fallen, but then again, his omega and pup were perfect.
When Charlie had gone to collect some other things (after he had given her Sam’s bag), Cas went into overdrive. He didn’t really understand the need he felt, or why his inner omega was wanting Dean to chase him, but he was going to give in to it. His feet were itching to run, but first he was going to lay some false clues for his alpha!
“I’m perfect, Alpha. I love you, and I'm so glad that I found you.” He rubbed his nose against his mate and starred purring.
Dean, himself, was standing right beside his new mate, holding his hand and covered only in his alpha's shirt. Traditionally, the omega was not supposed to be present for the formal Claim Announcement to the guardian, but Castiel had insisted, not caring about “what was done,” and pulled Dean along.
Cas knew that his alpha’s smirk would cause him trouble in the future, ‘cuz, fuck! It was definitely a panty-dropper.
“Dean, wait!” Dean looked at her hand on his chest with confusion. Why was she trying to stop him from getting to Cas? Had his omega decided that Dean wasn’t a good enough alpha?
When Cas sat back on his knees, Dean leaned forward to nudge Cas' head over to give him access to the left side of his neck, because he wanted to mark his omega on the same side. He sniffed around until he found the perfect spot for his mark. Dean gave his mate a kitten lick before he felt a growl come out at the same time his canines dropped and he tasted his omega’s blood. It tasted exactly the way Cas smelled. It was delicious.
“Wow, I didn’t see that coming.” He huffed a laugh as Emmie tried to reach for his plate. Cas got some mashed potatoes on his finger and let her suck on them. She had a ferocious appetite and he was glad that she was on some soft foods, now.
Hmmm. This omega frustrated him a little with his short, concise answers. And he wouldn’t raise his eyes at all, which wasn't surprising, but Castiel really wanted another look at those beautiful emeralds.
There were plenty of times when Cas wasn't in heat that he got off thinking of what he called 'his Alpha' in his head. He loved to masturbate in his shower, in his tub, in his bed, while he was sunbathing in the back yard. He loved to look at the magazines full of naked Alphas. He would find a slope of a shoulder that he would imagine it belonged to 'his Alpha', and he would finger himself til he came without touching his cock.
“It was in my pocket, Cassie. It’s not like I packed for a trip or something, ya’ know.” He looked back at Sam. “I’ll pick it up, no need to worry your pretty, little head, Angel.”
Dean squinted his eyes at his brother in suspicion. “We? Are you telling me there’s something you wanna do for Cas?”
Trailing his tongue in patterns, Dean moved from one thigh to the other trying to clean all the slick from his mate, but Cas' arousal made it impossible to keep up with it. Fuck, Dean couldn’t believe he was lucky enough to get this for the rest of his life. He made a mental note to be safer, so that it was a long and happy one together.
Cas let out a ‘woot!’ as Dean threw him over his shoulder on the way out of the club. It just gave him another chance to grab the booty (huh...he made his alpha squeak, good to know), and investigate some tatts.
While his movements were quick and urgent, he kept his touch gentle on his omega. He pressed him into the door by plastering his naked chest against the skin of Cas’ back and slid his nose from his shoulder to behind his ear, taking in his scent.
And today was the day (hence, The Mood) that the omegas and their guardians arrived. All omegas attending the impending meet came the day before and stayed overnight, giving them time to rest and prepare for the afternoon Meet. The alphas would only be allowed on the property when all was ready to begin. The guards from the court were a great help in this regard, because the young royal only kept a minimum number of guards at his estate. Nobody was stupid enough to attack a brother of the king, and Castiel had been given one of the most impregnable castles in the country. It was generally well-known that he was the king's favorite sibling.
“I'm gonna make you feel so good, Cas. Gonna take care of you, Omega. I love that you’re mine. This may be quick, ‘cuz I don’t know how long I can last before I claim you. Fuck. I can feel my knot wanting to pop now.”
His voice cracked at first, then became true and steady. “Let’s get this done. Then I want to see our pup before we go to the nest you made for us. Once we get there, I want you to make me forget that anyone else ever touched me.”
The omega found himself on his back, laid out on the bed with his alpha hovering above him, waiting.
He wanted to chuckle at the disgruntled look on the man’s face, but then Cas slapped his hand away from his cock and wrapped his own hand around it. Dean’s mouth went dry as the omega leaned back supporting himself with one hand on Dean’s raised knee (he wanted to be a helpful alpha), and began stroking himself with slow, even motions.
“Caaaas....what’s going on, Babe? Talk to me, please.” Dean put his hand on his mate's back and slowly rubbed it up and down.
“You have to wait for the ceremony to start, Dean. I also have one last thing to ask you. Promise me that whatever is stressing your mate and his brother, you’ll let me help you. I got your back. Alright?”
Castiel smirked back at him. “Actually, I can.” Men were frequently killed as a result of AO Meets. It just wasn't blatantly announced beforehand.
“Normally Sammy lives in his nest, which is just over the mountain back there.” He was pointing to a large, beautiful mountain he could see through the doors. “But while he’s gonna watch our girl here with Gabriel, they’re gonna stay in the guest room, there....see the lights?” He was pointing to a small, almost shed-sized, building just at the edge of the yard.
The closer he got to Cas, the muskier his mate's scent became. He could see the slick shining on his ass and thighs as he kept just out of reach of Dean. Or so Dean let him think. There was little doubt in his mind that he could reach out and grab his omega, but he wanted this to be perfect for both of them. Somehow, he found the strength to resist leaping on Cas and claiming him on the cold, hard floor.
The current song ended and he heard someone say there would be just a minute of a delay. Cas glanced up at the DJ booth glimpsing green eyes looking at him before the man walked behind stage. Just then a man walked out on the stage wearing a suit. He didn't smell of Alpha and he really didn't look like any of the other strippers.
“Dean, Alpha. If you register for a room smelling like you do, with my scent on you, too, well. I’ve read too many reports of the police showing up, to make sure that an omega isn’t being forced. I think it’s wonderful, but I don’t need them.”
“She was just telling me that she and Dad had pupped when they mated and she was wondering if we would and I was wondering if you wanted pups?” He watched his omega chew on his bottom lip. He reached and pulled it away from his teeth.
He jumped out and winced in apology to Baby when he slammed his door, hurrying around to open the door for Cas. Dean huffed when Cas gave him an amused look. He knew he thought he was trying to make a good impression on his parents (and he was!), but Bobby would kick his ass to purgatory if he didn’t use his manners.
Since then six months had gone by, and even though the Court had sent servants and guards and a bounty of supplies to help in his endeavors, the alpha wished for nothing more than to leave the country. He was the youngest of the royal siblings (only 24), and even though the others had each taken a turn holding this event, Castiel had held out hope that Michael would give him a pass and make some other courtier take on the task. But they were held every three years—maybe he could’ve held out a bit longer—so he knew it was inevitable. He just bit his tongue and got to planning.
Throwing his arms around his (marked!) alpha, Dean landed on his back with Cas plastered to his lips in a kiss. He stopped to watch his beautiful Dean as he let out a full belly laugh. The omega swore he would pull that sound from his alpha as often as he could.
Dean heard the shaky breath his future brother-in-law released when Sam placed the pup in his arms. The look of reverence was something to see from the one he had named "The Trickster." Dean knew how much Gabriel loved Emmie (and she him), but this was something different: it was a longing for his own. He hoped that Sam and Gabriel would be allowed to mate soon, because he wanted his brother to have what he did. A family of his own.
Dean could smell his and Sam’s anger in the car, and he was glad that Sam didn’t add his ‘worried’ scent to the mix. Baby was gonna stink for a while as it was.
Cas ran the opposite way of his alpha. Within four or five steps, he heard Dean roar and turn to chase him. He couldn’t stop the whimper (along with a giggle) that escaped his throat. Cas was so excited he could feel the air moving behind him, and he imagined it was the breath of his mate. The deep grunts coming from his alpha’s chest were getting closer, and the roar that Dean had just let out sounded like he was being chased by a wild animal. It caused more slick to escape his body and spurred his feet to move even faster.
He rubbed his brother’s back for a bit before stepping back. Dean tilted Sam’s face up to look at him.
As it appeared there were no more challengers left, Castiel calmly strode over to where he had dropped his tunic and proceeded to wipe off his face with it. As he used the garment to do the same to his arms and chest, he began walking toward Dean. When he was satisfied, he tossed the damp material, locked eyes with his omega and began untying his trousers, never stopping his stride. He watched as the green eyes widened and saw the young man struggle to stand.
Dean wiped more tears as they fell from the blue-eyed omega that had already stolen his heart, and swore that no-one would hurt this beautiful soul ever again. He would spend eternity making sure that Cas knew how precious he was to Dean.
Well, then. “Sir, my father had arranged for me to mate with Lord Zachariah—the baron—without the king's permission, but the Alpha Omega Meet invitation from the king came a month before my seventeenth birthday. My father had no choice but to bring me. When I said I shouldn’t have been surprised to see him, I meant that he didn't get me like he planned, so it makes sense that he's here. He obviously still wants an omega.”
Today they were leaving for the Alpha Omega Meet and he wasn’t sure how he felt about it. On the one hand, if he was chosen, he wouldn't be given to that old, fat and balding Lord Zachariah. But on the other…what kind of alpha would claim him? Maybe they'd be even worse. But…maybe they'd be better.
Son of a bitch!, Dean thought but he wasn’t sure it if was what Cas had said, or the kiss, but he could feel tears in the corner of his eyes at the same time he could feel his cock filling out more to rub along the slick groove between his omega’s cheeks. It was gonna be awesome and he was more than ready to lose his virginity with Cas.
As she took a deep pull of her beer, she told him what Cas had muttered out between bites of food. He had fallen near a lake in California, and it had taken some time to find someone to help him get on his way to the bunker. He had some issues with some alphas harassing him, but thankfully, an older alpha ran them off before they caught him. The man had offered to help Cas, but when he pleaded that he had to get home to his alpha, the older man kindly put him in a cab, which took him to the edge of town. Then he had walked the rest of the way to the bunker.
He stepped back into the circle of his mate’s arm, pulling the alpha’s nose to his neck, letting him scent Cas’ understanding and love. They had the rest of their lives to get to know each other, but at this moment Cas needed to taste his mate.
Sam was almost certain that this blue-eyed, pretty omega was just realizing that he could be his brother’s mate. He could see the way that Castiel was subtly scenting him. The omega’s scent gave away that he liked his scent but it wasn’t quite right. He wasn’t eligible to seek his mate yet, but he just knew that he was Dean’s omega. Dean was gonna be so happy!
Dean leaned over and kissed his mom’s hand as she patted Emmie on her diaper-inflated baby-butt. Her other hand smoothed over his hair and he closed his eyes in pleasure. He took a moment to just soak in everything that had happened today. Opening his eyes, he watched as Cas laughed with his brother as they were eating. By his scent, Dean was well aware his omega’s heat was going to begin soon, but he figured they had a few more hours before Michael would dismiss the newly mated couples.
He was changing from his g-string to a pair of black leather boy shorts when Benny walked backstage.
The alpha interrupted his thoughts. “Dean, whatever you tell me, I will keep in the strictest confidence. Do not be afraid.”
“Oh, Dean. I do love you.” He redoubled his purrs, snuggling into his alpha’s chest and began to feel himself drift off to sleep. Dean rubbed his back and left kisses on his head.
He watched the alpha as he put his hands on his hips and glared at the growing crowd around him. “Well?” he asked. “Who wants to challenge me first?”
“Charlie, listen. When we hang up, I want you to turn off the cameras until either Dean or I call you back.”
“Yeah, something wrong with that?” the alpha smirked back as he lined up his cock, rubbing with the head and teasing Cas’ entrance.
be my Angel. May I kiss you?” He held his breath as he saw Cas stand straighter at his words. Placing his hands back onto Dean, he leaned forward, closed his eyes and moved closer to Dean.
do now?” John Winchester was sitting in a formal, leather chair in one of the castle's parlors. The look of disdain when he briefly glanced at Dean turned into polite interest when he recognized the estate owner's presence. A hush went over the room as the other people waiting went on alert, their attention riveted on the scene.
Cas tilted his head back to look up into his amazing, green-eyed angel. He closed his eyes as his mate wiped the tears from his face. He heard his pup issue a ‘pay attention to me’ cry. He felt, more than heard, a whine from deep within his alpha’s chest. Cas kissed him chastely (man, he needed to be alone with him soon!), and pushed him towards the pup.
Dean felt himself breathing quickly and starting to sweat. He also felt his pants getting soaked. The scent of his alpha (all right,
“Dean? Talk to me, Alpha. Your scent is scaring your pup.” He spoke softly in his mate’s ear as he took Emmie into his arms to place her nose in his neck to calm her.
“Thank you, Dear. Cas has a few questions if you’d like to go up, third room on the left. I’ll go help with lunch.” She shooed him up the stairs.
His Royal Highness, Prince Castiel, was in A Mood. He was normally a mild-mannered alpha, not overly strict with his orders, generous to his servants and tenants and easy with his friends and relatives. Most of the time. Sometimes his relations made him want to pull out his hair. For instance, upon receiving the news that his brother, the king, had sent a request to host this year's AO Meet, Castiel wished His Majesty to jump off of the east turret of his castle.
He sat down again, turning away from watching his brother sucking on the tongue of some stacked, red-headed omega. She was pretty, he admitted, with a nice rack. Cas had always appreciated the female body and had even enjoyed watching straight porn a time or two, but when he was serious about getting off, the only thing that he wanted to see were tattooed, alpha males.
"Has Michael said anything about Gabe?" he asked, but kept his gaze on his pup. Sam didn't really like eye contact when they had their 'chick flick' moments.
The servants had packed all of his clothing and possessions (in the case he was claimed, there was no need to return to his home of birth), and Dean had been silently directed by his father to get in the carriage. He saw the baron's own horse had been saddled, so apparently he wasn't to have a travelling companion at all. Alone with his thoughts was a bit troubling, but it was a distinct improvement over his alpha’s constant, dark mood.
“Fuck you, you freak! What the hell kinda costume are you wearing? As soon as I’m done with you, I’m gonna fuck that bitch, and I'll make him watch me peel the skin from your body. I'll figure out whatever you got on, you can bet on that!” Oh, he was
It was a beautiful room, with all the comforts. It had a king-sized bed that was piled with soft blankets and pillows, with everything in varying shades of grey, white, and blue. The only light came from the moon, shining through the balcony doors. He stopped next to the bed and turned on the bedside lamp, since he wanted to be able to watch their marks appear.
Cas felt another wave of pain coursing through his body, making him roll over onto his hands and knees in the bed. He had tried for a while to not touch himself, but he finally gave in, after Charlie demonstrated (on a cucumber for goodness’ sakes) on how he should stroke himself. He thinks it was the first time in his existence that he had blushed.
“I can be an amazing uncle. I love pups, yes, and I would love to have some, but Cas is my mate. I want him as is.”
“Cas, are you ready, Baby? Can I be inside you now? I don’t wanna rush you, but I need to mate you soon, before I lose control and I don’t want to hurt you.”
“Son of a bitch, you taste good! Damn, Baby, your slick tastes like the best caramel sauce I’ve ever had.”
The idiot champion waved his superior off and declared, “My lord, please do not worry. The prince has had nine fights and is obviously winded, whereas I am fully rested. And you know I am more than capable of beating him.”
He sat and watched the play of emotions on his mother-in-law’s face as Dean put their pup in her arms. Instantly he could smell happy omega as Emmie cooed at her. Dean was standing in front of his mother, looking so proud as she scented his pup. What an amazing alpha he had.
He watched as omegas and betas called out to his alpha. They wanted Dean's attention, but his eyes were locked on Cas. He could feel the heat and the weight of his alpha's desire and, honestly, affection. Dean's eyes were looking at him like he couldn't decide if he wanted to cuddle with Cas or eat him alive. He planned on making sure both happened, and soon.
As Dean was letting Emmie drink, he stared out the sliding doors at the gifts Michael had left for them to find in the morning. He sent a 'thank you' thought to the elder alpha and got a reply that the bouncy house was strong enough for him to join his pup and that she needed to learn how to swim, hence the pool on the other side of their yard. He noticed that Sam and Gabe were standing outside the guest house looking like they were having a very serious conversation. Dean hemmed and hawed about interrupting, but his curiosity (and his pup's grunts of excitement as her gaze followed a hummingbird) made him walk out the door and call out a hello. He watched as the two men walked over, smiles on their faces and their shoulders bumping with each step.
From that day on Cas knew that his soulmate would be an Alpha. He had met several since that were cute and wished to date him, but he always said no. They were attractive, sure, just not the one he wanted and they just didn't smell right. Bal accused him of still crushing on the scent from that day and he denied it to his brother, but it was true.
"I don't know, sweetheart. He will tell you that after your rut is over and you report for your first Virtue assignment. I hope he lets you have a houseful. I can't wait to spoil them."
About that time the song was ending. No one in the audience knew anything was out of the norm with the dance, except Cas' brother. The only thing Dean didn't do with this dance was take his pants off but the group didn't seem to care as the applause broke out and there were Omegas and a few Betas lining the edge of the stage to tip him. First to take care of His Omega.
“Dean claimed her,” he mumbled into his alpha’s chest. He refused to let go until his tears were done. He felt safe. He knew Emmie was safe and he was going to take the comfort he was being given. Dean was holding him as if he was precious, rubbing circles around his back. Cas was amazed at how quickly he was attached to this gorgeous angel.
Castiel's eyes never left Dean's lowered face as he watched the most exquisite omega he had ever seen bow in acknowledgement. “Thank you, Charlie. You are dismissed.”
He could hear his sister scent the pup in her arms. “She doesn’t smell like him, anymore. She smells like Cas and...ginger?”
The three men hugged up til the last possible second. Balt bolted up the stairs to Cas's apartment above the now closed bakery. Gabriel linked his arm through his. He leaned to kiss Cas on the cheek.
Cas heard the desperation in the break in Balt's voice. He knew that the offer was sincere and it was the sweetest thing he had ever heard Balt utter.
“I’m not concerned about furniture, Dean, and I feel at home with you, the place doesn’t matter. I mean eventually, I’m sure we’ll redecorate, but for now I just want to get there and build a nest. Oh! Do you have a nesting bed??” The omega was definitely upset now.
He was about driven to his knees hearing Cas’ moan drown out the omega’s tears. Dean had watched a lot of porn in his life, but never heard something so filthy and arousing to him. Fuck, it was causing his knot to swell.
His brother shook his head, exasperated. “I can’t believe that you actually spouted that crap. You do know Dad was wrong about stuff, right? Fuck, Dean. An omega doesn’t lose their mind when they are in heat, and they don’t want just any alpha. He wants you because you are his mate. God, I can’t believe you. I never thought my big brother was so sub-gender sexist. I'm actually ashamed of you right now. I'm going out. I'll be back before dark so we can get this shit over and go home.”
After he had purchased the figure, some comic books, and a limited-edition Dr. Who card game, Bal had taken him to get a milkshake. As they were walking down the side walk Cas caught a faint sent of an Alpha. He stopped in the middle of the sidewalk to sniff the air. The scent was fading, the Alpha must have walked this way hours ago. It smelled so good. It was a dark smoky whiskey with a honey undertone. Damn it was delicious. He turned in circles but he couldn't find the direction to follow. The Alpha was long gone.
Charlie's chatter died off as soon as the doors were opened. The two of them were in a corner of the “music tent" which was the largest of the three. The beta had been a great distraction, but now was the moment it all began. Dean fidgeted a bit with his wrist ties.
“Well, he was upstairs, and apparently his boss, Naomi, had enough of him picking you over his Heavenly responsibilities, so she threw him outta Heaven. Like, literally threw him. He said he felt his wings burn as he fell, and after impact, he felt his body change and his heat started.”
Cas watched as the wall began to shimmer, then shake as it began to fade away like pixels. All he could make out was that there were others in the room they were stepping into. He had one foot through the portal when he heard the office door slam open.
“Damn, Cas. You taste so good, can’t wait to swallow your slick too.” Dean realized his words and actions were making his mate impatient and humping the mattress. He chuckled to himself. That would not do. Turning his attention to Cas' glorious behind, Dean maneuvered himself until his face was inches from the object of his desire.
Time passed swiftly among the rows of color and foliage, and soon they heard the unmistakable sounds of musicians tuning up their instruments.
The green had come alive with what looked like lightening sparking from feather to feather. It wasn’t as loud as the thunder bolts that were rolling over head with lightening strikes blowing out all the windows in the warehouse. When he peeked over Dean’s wing he could see that Alistair was determined to die instead of surrender. Idiot.
As his nose started tickling at the smell of slick, he felt Cas nuzzling his face deeper into his neck. What was his mate dreaming about? The evidence of his arousal was definitely waking up the alpha’s cock. He pulled back to be able to see his mate’s face and watched as his eyelids twitched as he dreamed. Dean slid his hand down the omega’s side gently, slowly trailing it over his hip and around to cup his ass. The action got a low moan from the younger man but it wasn’t enough to wake him. Hmm...he’d have to try harder. Ha! He mentally snorted to himself.
When he thought about Naomi throwing his angel out of Heaven, he saw red. He had always believed that angels (except for a select few) were not worth a damn, but this was something completely unexpected. To throw the best of them out of Heaven? Yeah, he was gonna have to find a few minutes alone with that manipulating bitch.
He watched Dean walk out of the nursery to give him a minute with Hannah. He knew this wasn’t good bye forever, but he wasn’t sure when he would see her again. He needed her to be assured of his happiness and to change the way humans thought of the Angel Ceremony.
Dean hadn’t even realized that his mom was in the room. When he glanced at her, he saw her eyes filled with tears, but her smile told him she was happy for him. She blew him a kiss as she left with Michael.
“I’ve never been with an omega.” He shrugged, looking adorable and bashful. “I was waiting for you, Cas. I've only been with betas and well, I wanted it to be something special with my mate.”
They drove in silence after Charlie hung up, until they were just a few miles from the bunker. He knew he had to have a chick flick moment with his younger brother, and he hated it. But he did it, anyway.
"Yours" was all he was able to say before the music began. He recognized it as "Rough Boy" by ZZ Top.
The archangel cradled her with obvious experience. “Go, Dean. Bring your mate. You and your omega need to go and get this over, so that future generations of demons are not bred. Do you understand, son?”
The feeling of his cock opening him, filling him...oh, it was breathtaking. He silently agreed that he could spend the rest of his life connected to Dean this way. Just then the alpha released his hold on his hips to move them onto his pillow next to his head allowing Cas to move with him.
Dean laughed, thinking how others seemed to forget that Sam was just as much an alpha as he was, and just as loyal. “Damn, straight.” He could feel his inner alpha snarl and pace, thinking about the alphas threatening his family.
Dean patted the hand on his arm in reassurance. “I was listening to Michael, he was sending me a message. I'm sorry, my love. I didn’t mean to worry you. Umm...can you take our pup? I need to go do something for him and then when I come back, it will probably be time for pie, then, well...we’ll be dismissed.”
Dean immediately brought his attention back to the prince, and answered, “Sir, the tall, balding alpha is our neighbor, Baron Invidus. The two alphas with him are his sworn men, but I do not remember their names.”
In that split second of touch Cas fell forward to bury his face in Dean’s neck while he sobbed in relief. Dean had been expecting the break down, the relief, while the last couple of days caught up with his Mate. So much had happened, so quickly, that he had been surprised it had taken so long for Cas to release everything. He brought out his wings (another thing Mary had them do is only have them out when they consciously wanted) to surround his omega, to steady him and give him comfort.
Dean turned to see his mate standing there with glassy eyes, sweat glistening on his skin, slowly unbuttoning his shirt. The sight of so much skin (and he had only gotten the top three buttons undone!) caused a growl to emerge from deep in Dean’s chest. He needed to take care of his mate, right
Cas watched as his alpha’s face took on a look of fear and his scent became burnt. He had loved the smell of ginger and brown sugar when he found Dean, but this was making his nose twitch. Emmie’s, too, apparently, as she sneezed again.
He could hear the sobs coming from his omega and he had never felt such pain go through his heart. Even being thrown around by a monster didn’t hurt this bad. He had to get home to Cas and soon.
Dean could smell his mate getting more upset and he really didn’t like that. He wondered if his mom wasn’t happy with her son’s mate after all. Before he could start spiraling out of control, Cas stopped him with a soft purr.
Dean switched pups with Cas so he could feed their son and he could blow raspberries on Emmie, making her scream in laughter (oops, sorry CJ). She flopped her head on his chest and snuggled down as she watched her MmmDa (cutest way to say Dada, ever) nursing CJ. Dean had worried about her being jealous, especially about this, but she was content to watch. They had weaned her midway through Cas' pregnancy and she loved her sippy cups. So much so that she shared them with her 'mals (her word for her animals) but everyone made sure she got a new sippy as soon as she stuck the one she had in one of the animals' mouths.
His mate whined louder and rolled his hips back on his cock. “Do you want me to slide into you? Give in to my alpha and thrust into your pretty hole, hard and dirty?”
Dropping Cas’ hand, Dean reached behind his head and pulled his t-shirt off, making the omega groan. Dean threw the shirt onto the love seat across from the bed. There was even a fireplace if they wanted to bother lighting it, but Dean figured they would make enough heat between them to keep the room warm.
“I don’t know how long it actually takes, Omega. That is the one detail that no one ever speaks of and when our pups are old enough to be mated, we won’t speak of it. I can smell your nerves but I can assure you that you will feel no pain, Honey.” Dean tried to push out a comforting scent, he just didn’t know if it could overtake his aroused scent.
And this would continue until all of the omegas were claimed. It was unheard of for any omega to go home unmated.
“Yes, Omega.” He couldn’t help the smirk that spread on his face but he knew that his mate could see the love shining from his eyes, because he saw it reflected back at him.
He looked directly in those blue eyes and with his heart, said, “Cas all I want is for you to be happy. If you wanted to stay close to your folks, I would make it work. I’m just a grease monkey and a stripper. You....you’re gonna be a teacher! You’re gonna mold young minds, encourage them to dream and prosper.”
He watched as Gabe and Sam were whispering to each other, totally oblivious to anyone else in the hall. Well, that was interesting. He never thought that Gabe wanted to mate with anyone. After what Cas had gone through, it seemed as if his brother was determined to remain alone. Chewing his steak (which was so damn good), he mused to himself that he of course, had never expected to find his alpha either.
“That would be fine, Dean, but I should go in and register. We both smell pretty aroused and I don’t need the cops showing up when we can finally get our shirts off and let our soulmarks appear.”
He could feel the heat off Cas’ blush when he buried his face into Dean’s neck at his brother’s words. Dean rubbed circles on the omega’s back as he looked the beta in the eyes.
Cas sat up and wiped his tears before continuing his story, but he stayed plastered to Dean, snuggled in his arms.
He released a cheek with one hand so he could wrap his fingers around Cas’ weeping cock. Dean himself had never leaked pre-come, but fuck, was it hot. Cas was long and thick for an omega, making Dean want to swallow him down, but maybe next time. As much as he was enjoying the foreplay, he didn’t want to wait much longer to bury his cock in his mate. He gave a few pulls and released him, a better goal in mind, now.
Suddenly Dean was standing next to him pulling him over to the chair. Cas made himself comfortable. Just as the music started the Alpha did something odd. Cas had seen many of these types of dances on the videos people posted an in all of them the person in the chair was facing the audience. Dean turned him so he was facing the curtain.
“No need to worry about that, I have things settled. Everyone involved will be taken care of. Do you understand, my child?”
Sam was puzzled at the way the omega was speaking to him. No one called him pretty. His Mother told him he was cute when he was a young fledgling, but since he had entered his 19
“You really like it, Cas? We can change anything you want, plus we need to fix a room for our pup.” He was kissing Emmie’s head after every word just to hear her laugh. Cas’ inner omega wanted to purr.
"Eh, guess it's just the way Ma raised us. I don't mind doing things the human way but I can and do use the angel way when it's called for. Does it bother you that I prefer..." he stopped when Cas immediately began shaking his head.
alpha, sheesh—had figured out that the baron would invoke the ancient tradition of a champion. But normally an alpha would choose just one. Anything else would seem like cheating. Most alphas agreed using a champion at all, actually, was cheating, so the practice had gone out of favor decades ago. But the rules hadn't changed, so the baron could still legally have one of his men fight for him.
Cas had learned in his omega classes that once he found his alpha he would know, but he didn’t think that he would be able to feel so much even before they mated. He needed to touch this man’s chest. He felt a nip to his bottom lip that made him gasp, then he felt Dean sooth the bite with a soft lick that continued into his mouth. Now the alpha was ravishing him like he had expected.
Sam was out of the car before Dean had slammed to a stop, chasing after the two alphas that ran as soon as they saw the Impala zooming up the dirt road. Good, that meant two were already dead, and he could take care of the three that were left.
Crowley ran a good club; they had danced in most of his operations in the state. This was the first time in Lebanon, though. It was a grand opening for Crowley, who called Dean whining that he needed the Review to be here. Dean had agreed quickly, for double the money since they were showing up on short notice. He was lucky he was able to get the guys to come, since they all had regular jobs. The dancing was for the extras in life for them, and Dean was ready for it to be done.
“Gabriel, come with me, please, and we will go get something to drink while we wait for our time before Michael.”
As soon Cas walked in the door of the club he could smell 'his Alpha'. He almost fell to his knees before Bal grabbed him.
He watched with relief as his brother closed the door and came and sat down across from him. Dean was going to need Sam’s help to find the courage to go after his dream.
Emmie woke crying upon hearing her omega daddy yelling. Dean picked up the pup and placed her on his shoulder. As she quieted down with her face planted in her alpha's neck, he motioned for Cas to follow him from the room. This was not something that the whole room needed to hear, and they were definitely listening after Cas’ outburst. Michael gave him a nod and motioned for the pup. He waited for Cas to kiss Emmie’s head, left his own light peck over soft curls, then handed her to Michael.
Cas whimpered again as he slid his hand down between their bodies until he reached the leaking cock that curved up on his stomach. He wrapped his fingers around it loosely the way he liked, with his pre-cum slicking the way. When he had been alone the first few days of his heat, he had used his own slick as lube but he was leaking enough to make it nice and slippery without it now. He watched as Dean heard the ‘slick slick’ of his hand as he jerked off, and saw the alpha look down between their bodies to watch his movements.
He had enjoyed the time of a few Betas over the years, but he wanted his Omega. Dean knew from the time he was twenty that his soulmate would be an Omega. He had been in town doing some shopping one day when he finally smelled his first Omega since his Mom. He had been almost done when he realized he had lost his necklace that his little brother had given him years ago. He went back down Main Street, checking all along the sidewalk but he never found it. That scent stayed with him to this day. Dean had never smelled another Omega who was a perfect mix of cinnamon and caramel.
It took a few moments for Cas to quit crying and another minute before he pulled his face back to look at Dean. The omega shifted his stare from one eye to the other as if he were looking for a falsehood, or maybe he was trying to see if he could still see Dean’s soul. He wasn’t sure exactly what Cas was looking for, but he let him be until he was content.
“Let’s go snuggle with Emmie for a bit, Cas. We don’t have too much time before our mating heat/rut will be in full swing.” He could smell the desire coming off of Dean and his started to ramp up again.
"Mick, dude. Last thing Dean is thinking about is finding you someone to dip your dick into. He just met his omega. Besides, if he's gonna set anyone up it would be me, right Dean-o?"
Cas finally decided on a black that seemed to have shimmers of blues, purples, and greens in it. He felt his whole body sigh in recognition of how perfect this robe was for him. Cas couldn't stop petting the sleeves; he wanted a whole nest made of this.
It took a long time and some careful maneuvering, but she finally got them down the stairs by going down slowly on her butt with Cas (still out cold) in her lap. After she finally dragged him to the library, he began to come around.
Licking his way up and over Cas’ ass cheek, collecting all the slick he could, he stopped every inch or so to nibble at the tan skin on his back. He took his time on his way up his mate’s spine, but his hands were already clutching his shoulders. Dean could feel Cas shaking, hear him moaning and gasping, and his body was rolling with the omega’s movements underneath him.
“Dean, Alpha, we are not moving to the moon, right? Just a few hours away. We can come visit, and my parents and brother will come visit us. I am ready to begin our lives and that means leaving my parents' home and going to yours. That is what you want, yes?”
“Don’t ask stupid questions, Alpha. My parents will love you just like I do.” He kept his scent and his voice soothing and calm for his nervous alpha, and kept petting his head.
“Wait...what?!?” Dean had just realized what Cas had said. These were the same alphas that chased him from California. He pressed the pedal a bit further down, speeding up even more.
Well, we've come to the end of this journey. Thank you so much to all of you who took the time to read, leave kudos, and sent lovely comments.
His thoughtful Dean had already released his shirt's ties, so he had only to pull it over his head to uncover the top half of him. He didn't stop to look (there'd be time for that later), but dove in to cover the omega with kisses and long licks, nips and the drag of teeth along the miles of freckled skin. “
Dean was watching the angel standing in front one of the huge, double doors into the hall waiting for his signal to open the door and proceed. Just when he thought he would pass out from excitement, the angel looked him in the eye and gave him one nod. This was it.
“Before I totally lose the ability to think at all, I need you to know that when we are knotted we need to bite each other again.” He couldn’t keep from sucking a deep hickey on top of the already healed bite that he had placed on Cas’ neck during their ceremony in front of Michael.
Wrapping one of Cas’ knees over his arm, he raised the leg up so that he could grind deep. Using just short, hard movements without actually dragging his cock out, the alpha bent to bite on the man’s nipples.
The omega turned away and directed his attention to the beds of blooming plants, shrubs and trees. This time of year was filled with a bountiful variety, and the gardeners maintained a lovely balance of color and style.
Next thing he knew, he felt someone gently patting his cheek and calling his name, and he wondered what had happened. He took stock of himself before opening his eyes. Everything felt just fine, maybe a few bruises. He hadn’t been the one in front, though, the one who took on the evil Alistair...Cas’ eyes flew open as he sat up and began checking his alpha for injuries. He couldn’t help the whimpers that left his throat. He had just found Dean and he surely didn’t want to lose him!
Cas was beyond ready to leave the club. He needed to be alone with his alpha and soon! While he had given Dean a lap dance on the stage, he had just about ruined his pants and he knew that he had felt Dean's knot. He wished Dean would hurry! Bal was ready to leave with a cute Beta he had met, but refused to leave before talking to Dean.
family. Just then he felt arms encircle his, and turning he saw it was his mother-in-law who was smiling at Dean and Emmie.
“Fuck! God Damn, Omega, that’s the hottest thing I've ever watched! Does it feel good, stroking your pretty cock? It looks so good. Can’t wait to taste you there, too. Your slick is better than anything I've ever tasted, and I wanna taste you as you come down my throat, hmmm. That sound good, Sweetheart?” the alpha asked as Cas purred at him listening to his dirty talk.
Sure enough when the Alpha looked at the floor he was leaving a trail of feathers as he paced around his living room.
He whimpered as his omega called to the alpha that was crawling up his body. Dean devoured his mouth and it felt as if his hands were everywhere at once on his body. How many fucking hands did this alpha have?
"I am, believe me. Sorry, Cassie. I didn't mean to make you feel bad. While I would enjoy everyone wanting to court me, to give me whatever I wanted, I wouldn't want all the other crap you go through with being an Omega. I really am sorry, love. We're almost there. First bottle of bubbly is on me, alright?"
He saw as Alistair pushed Gabriel again, shoving him further into the portal with Cas. It only took one last push and both he and his brother were sitting on the floor with five very confused Angel's looking down at them.
He looked around and spotted some pictures of Cas on the entertainment center, so he walked over for a closer look. He smiled at his pretty mate in the high school graduation picture where Cas was giving his big,  gummy smile and there was laughter in his eyes. He picked up a frame that held three small pictures. The first was of Cas’ dad holding a young Bal in one arm while he held a sign that said “Pup #2 on the way” with an arrow pointing down towards his belly. The second picture showed his Dad heavy in his pregnancy with his mom and Bal kissing his belly.
One moment he's having a good day making people happy with his baked goods and the next he's sitting on the floor behind the counter breathing into a paper bag that Gabriel thrust at him.
Between one breath and the next Cas found himself back in the celebration hall standing in the arms of his alpha with their pup reaching for him from her perch on Michael’s lap. Her tiny little hands making grabby motions at them while she made little grunting noises which Cas interpreted as “Hurry up guys!”
Looking up, he saw Sam give him a sympathetic nod. He continued loading things into the trunk and pulled out jugs of water. That was the closest thing to showers they would be getting right now. Just enough so his Baby’s leather seats didn’t get ruined.
Dean moved back towards Cas, actually putting the omega between him and his ‘huggy’ mother. He took a few deep breaths, trying to get his mate’s scent in his nose to calm his nerves.
“A first heat is bad, Dean. Then add to it that Cas is doing this at, how fucking old? When are you guys gonna get home?”
“No, honey. I just want to gather some things we’ll need while we’re tied together. Go on, now.” He smiled at the look of relief on his mate’s face.
Holding completely still with his eyes closed, he was surprised to feel Cas place his hand on his cheek. He buried his face in his neck (no he wasn’t hiding, thank you very much!) as he was flooded with emotions. He could feel the love for his omega but he could also feel the love the man had for him. For an alpha that had been sure he was unworthy of being anything more than a soldier, it was overwhelming.
He climbed on the bed between Cas’ legs (watching the omega spread them for him caused a feral growl to burst out), blue eyes still locked on Dean’s hand stroking his cock. He trailed his fingertips up his calf before bending down to place kisses on the back of his knees. Moving up just a few inches, Dean got the first taste of Cas’ slick. Glorious. He knew his angel would taste like heaven.
He was thrilled to see that they had many options for burgers, since they made him happy. Cas decided to order for both of them, but stopped when he noticed how badly he needed to clean up.
“I’m glad you like it, Cas. I wanted to build a comfortable nest and well, Mom helped a lot, telling me things that omegas like and that would make raising pups here easier.” Dean took Emmie from his arms, since she was falling asleep while still holding on the Gatorade bottle.
“Cas,” he muttered against his glistening skin, because removing his mouth from Cas was damn near impossible at the moment.
"Bu..bu..ders?" Dean laughed at his daughter's attempt at brudders. She was so stinkin' cute as she leaned over to kiss the baby's head.
He stood in front of the sliding glass doors, looking outside when Emmie began laughing at something (Dean) behind him. Cas gave her a sip of his drink before letting Dean take his weight as he rested with his back against his chest.
The first time he got drunk, it was with Bal. The first time he drove, at thirteen, was with Bal. The first time he skipped school was with Bal. That day was also the first time Cas realized that he wanted an Alpha. Bal had taken him to a store in Lebanon which was about four hours away. It was a book store that also sold Star Wars memorabilia and they had a mint condition Boba Fett action figure that he needed, needed he said, for his collection.
Dean had never felt more focused as he drove at reckless speeds, listening to Sam talking to Charlie and Cas on speaker phone.
“No, Dean. We have been friends for years and I believe that will make this next step in our relationship so much stronger than just being mates. Besides, you’ll still be my best friend.”
“I can smell those apple pies they were baking yesterday, but I didn't see them on the table…and believe me, I looked. Apple pie is my favorite thing to eat.” He squinted his eyes when Charlie laughed at him.
“Your amazing son has claimed us. He claimed an unrelated pup and a single omega who had a pup outside of mating. Many in our hometown wanted to sentence her to death when the alpha who assaulted me didn’t claim us. I did not want to be claimed by him, and I truly would have killed him if he tried to claim her, but the rest...”
his mate, Cas actually purred and hollered “Fuck!” at the same time, causing the alpha to bark out a laugh with his still tongue inside. Now that he had tasted his omega he couldn’t stop. Making his tongue as firm as possible he began fucking Cas with it while kneading those stunning ass cheeks, letting Cas relax his arms that had begun shaking with the effort of holding himself open while being overwhelmed with desire.
It took only minutes for Bal to hand him a glass of bubbly with a toast of 'to you getting laid, Cassie' coming out of his mouth. He was too busy trying to look around. He could smell his soulmate, he just couldn't tell where he was. He could tell however, that he wasn’t any of the ones doing lap dances around them.
Dean was frozen as he watched his omega bring over a pup swaddled in a soft-pink, fuzzy blanket. Cas continued to talk to his sister as he placed the pup in Dean’s arms without a thought.
Cas reached out to take his hand as they walked up the sidewalk, towards the door that was already opening. Son of a bitch...here we go.
He made sure to wash very thoroughly until the one Angel who seemed to be in charge stepped forward and announced that it was time for them to go.
Dean took a step forward with his arm linked with his mother's. He was the next Alpha to walk through the door to his future, and he hoped it led to his future with his Omega and not to a few centuries of loneliness waiting for the next ceremony. He tried to remember his instructions from Michael how to carry himself on his parade past the Omegas.
“Dean. Stop.” Sam stood in his brother’s path forcing him to stop wearing a groove in the dressing room.
Dean held his omega with strong arms as he cried and told him of the attack: about walking home from work, being grabbed off a busy street in the daytime and thrown into the back of a van after Alistair hit him on the side of the head. When he woke up a few minutes later, he was lying on the floor of the van, tied up. He could see Alistair driving and the sicko was singing along with the radio.
Relentlessly, Dean brushed his fingers over that perfect spot, which caused Cas to cry out while frantically pushing back on his fingers then pushing forward to grind his cock on him. Damn, he was a lucky alpha. Driving his omega crazy was doing things to him, awesome fucking things. His cock had never been harder and all he could hear in his mind was
He accepted his mate’s kisses, finally pulling them both up from the love seat before they got carried away and ended up staying another day.
He heard Cas whine as he pressed his hips against him and nipped his earlobe, before he reached around the flustered man and opened the door. He had Cas against the door again as soon as it closed with them in the room.
“Damn. I’m not some tiny omega, so it's kinda hot that you can toss me around like a damn pillow. Oh, look at the miles of freckled skin on display for me. I...I need you, Alpha. Please.”
“Cas?!?” He saw his sister run in the nursery to check on him. He shook his head at her before handing Emmie to her. Poor pup was without a diaper, but he needed...his alpha. He needed his alpha. He walked up and wrapped his arms around the angel and buried his face in his chest and let out all his fears of what could have happened.
“He is, Cas. He just thinks, and Sam and I agree, that I should pack a bag for me and Sam. We’re gonna go to a motel for a few days. Dean wants me to come out before he comes in. He’s um...kinda worked up, and I don’t wanna see or hear anything. Get it?” She was looking at him bouncing her eye brows.
Cas felt warm at the look Dean gave to anyone unlucky enough to be at their car. He let himself be helped into Baby and drank in the scent of the leather seats and the embedded smell of his mate’s sweet whiskey. He flashed him a wink when Dean got in and looked at him.
“Omega, reach back and hold yourself open for me, please.” He wasn’t sure if it was what he asked or the fact that he
He couldn’t wait any longer to touch him, so Dean grabbed Cas’ shirt and yanked. Buttons flew everywhere, but finally, he could see the gorgeous, tan skin of his omega. He was a lucky, fucking alpha, that was for damn sure! His hand trembled slightly as he held it a few inches over Cas’ heart, waiting for the omega to put his hand over his heart.
Castiel huffed at the tables in front of him and sighed. He was frustrated, so he closed his eyes and scented the air. There. He turned towards the breeze and opened his eyes. Several feet away stood an omega with light brown hair and the prettiest green eyes he had ever seen. “Ohhhhh.”
“Y...yes, I agree. Plus, I need some water or something.” He pressed his nose into Emmie’s hair, wanting to keep her scent in his nose for a bit longer.
Closing his eyes for a moment (he was about to shoot off before he even mated with his omega and that just wouldn’t do!) Dean inhaled the apple pie scent that had been getting stronger as Cas’ heat intensified.
“One hundred percent, no questions?” Aw, Gabe looked so earnest. He was very sweet, and it touched him.
After his statement to Zachariah, Castiel proudly marched to the large, empty space on the lawn and took off his tunic and boots. Dean had followed and took a spot on the perimeter. He felt dazed. Who would've thought a royal prince would try to claim him? He certainly wasn't anything special. Maybe he was still in bed.
The alpha gave a gentle squeeze of his hands. “Cas, our pup is ours. She is fine. He is not a demon right now, but he will become a strong one if we don’t stop him. Michael assigned this to us specifically so that you may have closure.”
Cas couldn’t see what was going on (Dean and his protective feathers!) but he could hear Alistair screaming. The delusional alpha was actually begging Dean to stop but not because he was repenting, no. He was offering Dean half of ‘his’ town and access to any omega he wanted. The man was completely mistaken in thinking that any of that was what Dean wanted. Besides, was he really that dumb and not realize that Dean and Cas were mated? Assbutt.
Dean kissed his mate on the temple, patted his hand through Emmie's wild hair before leaving the room to go downstairs. He ran through the options of what to make him and Cas to eat, humming a pop song he had heard on one of his trips to Earth. Dean had copied it to his vinyl collection finding the words fit his life: he was "Happy", more than he ever thought possible.
“Alpha, that’s....I can’t even tell you how happy I am that you’re mine, that you would buy a nesting bed for us, before we were an “Us.” Help me grab some of the blankets in the closet? They are the extremely soft ones that I use when I need a little extra comfort. I want them on our bed, yeah?”
He groaned as he listened to Cas whimper at the alpha growl in his voice. He stretched his neck side to side to try to release the tension that sound put in his muscles. Dean wanted to hear that whimper while he was stretched out naked beneath him.
He wanted to get away from the scent of Too Many Aroused Alphas, so Castiel took them farther away and placed Dean down under the shade of a group of young trees.
There were a few murmurings, so he added, “I will have any alpha that does not obey me escorted off the property immediately, regardless of who you are. Now.
“You could never disappoint me, Dear Heart. I have no expectations as to what we can do together. Regarding your past, I can take away your fears if you want. You
Cas stood to follow Dean while speaking to his brother. He held his hand out, and immediately the Alpha was pulling him to his chest. Fuck. The Alpha was still shirtless. He wanted to rub himself all over it. He needed to rub himself all over his Alpha. He should smell like Cas and Cas should smell like his Alpha.
He apparently had a type and Dean hit every item on his list. Tall? Check. Built? Check. Tatts? Check.....wait. Dean’s tatts looked a lot like the ones from the Alpha Review poster. Shit.
He began shaking with sobs as he realized that he didn’t have to fear that his pup could be ripped from his arms at any moment, had the alpha decided to claim her. She would never have to be near that animal.
