Without wasting a single backward glance at the drunkenly passed-out Major, John left their quarters for the last time. He made his way to the surgery door where Molly was waiting for him with a packet of food and a flask of water.
"I, I don't know what you mean," whispered John warily.
"As you wish."
His attacker roared in frustration and was raising an arm preparing to punch John in the face again when suddenly he vanished from John’s sight in a rush of cold mountain air; John found himself looking up at only the night's stars from his position on his back in the dust. But the man hadn't vanished, rather he had been torn from John by an enraged Sherlock who, flying at them out of the night like a demon freed from hell had snatched and flung John’s attacker into the darkness, only to follow the man, bent on finishing him.
His introspection was interrupted by Lord Holmes asking, "It will not come to that, I assure you, but why are you so afraid of pirates, John?"
They walked single file, Lord Holmes in front, John in the middle and Hudson following. John was uncomfortably aware that Sherlock was not moving at the speed with which he easily could have, and probably for John's sake. Mindful of this, he stopped looking around at his surroundings and concentrated on the path before him and walking as quickly as he could.
“I don’t understand John! I only want to help… I would never hurt you…” Sherlock stopped and then said, “But Hudson is here. Please John, let him assist you…”
Once certain that the innkeeper was in his room, John and Hudson manoeuvered Sherlock through the entrance and down the hall to their rented room.  It was furnished sparsely with a narrow bed and one chair.  In the corner near a window was a washstand.  It would have to do.
Heart in Hiding will be on hold for a little while while I finish other projects.  It will return.  Thank you for your wonderful support.
John, profoundly surprised by Lord Holmes' action, obeyed without protest. He was then even more surprised at the startling sensation of tranquility that began to suffuse his mind and body as he lay beside Lord Holmes. I ought to be frightened by this, he thought, why am I not? In fact, John was not only not frightened, he felt safe, protected, even. Confused, he was still trying to understand his inexplicable feelings when he drifted into an exhausted sleep, the roar of the wind and waves receding from his consciousness.
adjective
“Yes, well…” Sherlock found his spot on the sofa and pushed play on the remote. “You’re very attractive, John. And fit. And you had on form-fitting denim.”
“You’re perfect,” she whispered. “Here, I’ll put it in the fridge.”
“Sherlock…”
“We will, yes.”
He wept.
Oh, yeah, you’ll be great and all that other stuff. SH
“Hello, Kirsten. How are you?”
A devilish grin spread across his perfect, pouting lips. “I will later, won't I?”
“Why aren’t you as happy as I am?” Sherlock slipped between the barstool and John’s thigh. “Hmmm?”
He had saved thirteen lives that night, fifty-two if you include the lives his squadron had recovered and healed. Three buildings had been wired and triggered by suicide bombers. It was a miracle their base had not housed one of them. He subconsciously rubbed his chest where bandages covered the healing holes that led to his lungs. One of the buildings had still been burning, and John had retrieved a five year old boy from the licking flames. His lungs had been severely damaged, and his time in hospital had spanned nearly two weeks. He was finally starting to feel bits and pieces of himself return.
He can’t remember the last time he had slept through the night.
“I can’t believe I have you on Christmas Eve.” Sherlock kissed John’s hair and rubbed his cheek against him.
“But you just said he was de-“
Callum’s smile faltered, followed by a look of guilt. “John, if you don’t want to come, we’ll be perfectly fine, really, don’t feel like you have to –“
Enjoy, you precious creatures, and know how much I have missed you.
“I’m with you, B. I know what you mean.” John tapped out a rhythm on the condensation covered bottle resting on his knee. “Cook her dinner. Sit her down. Shoot the shit. Knock it all out, hash it all out, let it all out.”
“Okay, through the right set of doors, up the stairs. We’ve got box seats. I’m going to see if I can find Sherlock and wish him luck! I’ll see you in just a few.” Molly planted a kiss on Callum’s mouth, and headed for another door. John looked at Callum; they both shrugged their shoulders and headed through the proper set of doors. The stairs were covered in a rich, red, velvet carpet. John felt guilty for wearing shoes. At least he had shined them up, even if he had done a half ass job of it. After three sets of stairs, the boys broke into a hall way, each set of box seats labeled from the outside. Their tickets read BX221A, 221B, 221C, 221D.
Is it time?
, I feel uncomfortable if you aren’t in my presence and sentiment has become an all-consuming disease.” John’s mouth turned up at the corner. “But it has always been you, John Watson. You keep me right. You are the soul and heart I so desperately lack, the patience I cannot muster and the kindness I do not possess. For whatever mad reason you have found me worthy of your time, I cannot imagine, but I will not try to convince you otherwise.” A tear rolled down John’s cheek. His eyes were bright and dewy, alive with emotion and reaction to Sherlock’s words. Sherlock tucked John’s lengthening hair behind his ear and then pulled a small, navy box from his inner suit pocket. “Marry me, John Watson. Marry me, and allow me to test the boundaries of your sanity for the rest of your days. Let me ruin dinner, forget to take the kettle off, shrink your jumpers in the wash, complain incessantly at the stupidity of Christmas and leave toes on the kitchen table.” The doctor was covering his mouth with his free hand, grinning straight through it and trying not to weep. “Marry me. I love you, I do, and as idiotic and senseless as it is, I have savored every second of it. From the beginning, John, and, with your approval, to the very end.”
be an impossible prick sometimes.”
Sherlock headed south, toward the dock and toward a large, seemingly abandoned warehouse. John thought he heard music faintly in the distance; odd place for music. As they ventured closer to the warehouse, the music grew louder. John grinned. Jasper had told him a million times over how fun this place is, but John had never made the time to feel it out. He turned to Sherlock.
// 3.
“There isn’t necessarily a direct correlation between creative abilities and one's ability to experience emotions.”
“Yeah, Shezza’s taught us right, I s’pose. I thought we kept him around for
“What on earth for? I’m the one that tripped off the face of the planet in a drunken stupor and didn’t even warn you.”
Sherlock ran a hand through his hair. He flicked on the light to the studio and dropped his bag by the door, along with the damp towel that clung to his neck. He was still in performance attire when he connected his iPod to the surround sound. He stood, frozen, for what seemed like ages, and then he began again. His right foot moved first, dominant side forward. He allowed the music to consume him, another case to solve, another equation to balance, another night to bring to equilibrium.
My Harriet is obviously quite different than the drunkard we have heard of in the show. Her and John were two years apart, and very close.
on God’s green earth was better than this.
“You saved my life. I’ll make you whatever I damn well please. Now. Bedtime story. Tell me how you found me.”
And with a swipe of his finger, the message was gone. And the day passed. And then weeks. And then months.
John woke to a soft thumb rubbing across the knuckles of his right hand. He watched as Sherlock’s massive hands swallowed his own. John turned to face the man he adored, squinting at the morning light.
“Much better, thank you.”
He knew Sherlock would not write to him again. He also didn’t give a fuck. That bastard destroyed everything and walked away from it. He didn’t give John a chance to validate and explain what he was actually intending to do that night. If the fucking egotistical prick had waited, he would have known John had held a tiny black box in his pocket.
“Do you know why it’s called
John was in search of the admissions office, in order to discuss his CV and graduation information before he submitted his application to the military. He had obviously believed the office was housed in this building, and he had obviously been wrong. He walked down silent halls, growing anxious at the sound of his own heavy footedness. That’s when he heard it. The violin, seeping out one of the classrooms. John walked straight to the door and glanced into the window, somehow expecting a beautiful, redheaded female. He was surprised instead to see a man. A tall, dark haired individual, a mess of curls, eyes closed and arms moving his bow delicately across the thin neck of the dark wooded instrument. He wore black, well-tailored dress slacks and a pressed, white button down. His frame moved in time with the gorgeous piece he was playing. John nudged the door open as the other man had his back facing him. He leaned against the frame and watched curiously, savoring the sound, but also the form, in front of him.
without being the center of attention.
John slid lazily from the chair into the floor, tossing his shirt onto the sofa. He reached for Sherlock’s pants and quickly divested him of his clothing. John sat on his knees, licking into Sherlock’s mouth and shivering at the taste of himself on his tongue. Then he got on his back, urging Sherlock to crawl on top of him, clawing at his thighs, the taut muscles of his arse, the whipcord muscle of his back. “Fucking christ, you are gorgeous. Do you know that?” He slid down so that Sherlock was straddling his shoulders, and began to kiss Sherlock’s cock. They started as soft, ghosting touches, sweet and tender and easy, but soon escalated into messy, wet, and tongue infused. John licked the beading liquid from the slit of Sherlock’s swollen cock, his hands now digging firmly into Sherlock’s thighs, his moans nearly overshadowing the whimpers leaving Sherlock’s lips.
Holmes barely nodded his head, obviously not eager to go into any further details.
“Fuck you, John. You’re such a prick.” She grabbed her heels from the foyer, and John gave her a two-fingered salute, though she only deserved one, certainly, as she slammed the door behind her.
He may have interrupted the remainder of a lovely narrative - may have cut Sherlock off mid-sentence, and yes, in most circumstances that would be very poor manners indeed, but it didn’t matter because Sherlock is a work of art. From the way his eyes crease when he is searching for the perfect word, the way he moves his spoon when dissolving the sugar in his tea, how even his enormous hands could relay he was pondering on something under the surface... John will look at him every day and find something new to admire, something new to be astounded by, something new to surprise him, frighten him, engulf him.
“I look forward to it. I’ve been trying to capture your attention for quite a while now, Mr. Holmes.”
“I’ll get my yarn and put the tea on. Take off your trainers, stay awhile.”
“Morning.” Sherlock drawled from behind the shower curtain. John’s face was greeted with a blast of hot and sticky air.
Sherlock snickered warmly, and pressed a warm, soft kiss to John’s mouth. He crawled off him and strolled over to the telly. John rolled onto his side, propping his head in the palm of his hand, and grinned as Sherlock bent halfway over, looking through rows of DVDs on a shelf in the sitting room.
Sherlock saw him walk through the door, cheeks flushed red, at the cold or too much alcohol consumption, he could not be sure. Sherlock watched him peel out of his jacket in an oddly attractive way, tugging logically at each sleeve first, then pulling his left arm out of the sleeve as his right hand held it steady behind his back. The result was a broadening of John’s shoulders and the slow reveal of two beautifully tattooed arms, full sleeve complete on the right and an in progress on the left. Sherlock looked down and took a quiet sip of his hot toddy, headphones still laced in his ears as his compositions played. He had come here in hopes of being able to plot out the next bit of choreography, but he knew now he would be fatally distracted. John draped his coat over a rack and pulled his cuffed sleeves back down over his elbow, covering the majority of a beautifully rendered lion and Union Jack flag that had spanned most of his elbow and forearm. Sherlock watched him dutifully as the rugby player approached the bar, seeming a bit more steady now. He plucked the headphone closest to John out of his ear in order to listen; invasive, he knew, but his curiosity had gotten the best of him. What did he sound like?
"a collision in the passing lane"
Could I have saved you?
“Yeah. Slept real good.” Rhys winked and Callum chuckled.
"Yeah," John muttered. "Odd, how sentimental you can become when someone you're supposed to love dies. You try desperately to portray them as something good, even when they weren't." Sherlock remained quiet, allowing John to continue if he wished. He didn't.
“I’d like to think so, yes.” He padded softly into the living room, extending a cup of tea. “To take the edge off….” Sherlock smirked, and then gestured towards a chair. John turned towards it and realized it was his chair. Red, and so perfectly worn in. A Union Jack pillow sat in it, dead center. Queen and Country. Tears stung his eyes. He wouldn’t go back. He couldn’t leave this place. This is where he should have been, all along.
“Join me for a shower?”
GO, RUN, READ, BE NAUGHTY.
Sherlock had never read such urgency in someone’s face. It was enough to yank the oxygen from his lungs.
“Restroom?”
The second envelope was a bit more square:
Minutes later, after he had finally succeeded in catching that blasted shrimp, he felt a hand rake through his hair. He stilled.
His hand was in the curls at the nape of Sherlock’s neck, wrapping them gently around his index finger. Sherlock inched closer, slower than molasses in winter, it was truly agonizing, truly, and then he was millimeters from John and he could smell him, his breath warming his cheeks and his ears and burning his lips. Their noses touched and they hovered there, electricity zapping in the tiny space that separated them. Sherlock took a finger to the soft skin behind John’s ears and was tracing a tiny, fine, hell, maybe even microscopic line to his clavicle. Then the hand was cradling the back of John’s skull, holding him as if he was something precious and divine. John gave Sherlock’s cupid’s bow a tiny kiss all of its own, loitering as long as he pleased, before giving that full, flushed bottom lip one as well. The contact was regenerative: John felt young, giddy, new, fresh, awake, mischievous, god so mischievous, and suddenly he was back at University, grabbing the hand Sherlock had wrapped around his wrist and pulling that mouth straight to his. How had it taken this long? He should have done it then. No matter, he was doing it now.
“He did? What did he say? John didn’t even tell me that!” John’s ears perked up as Callum yanked his head to glare at John. “Why didn’t you tell me you saw Sherlock the other night?!” John felt a weird pain travel through his legs, stomach twisting in unison.
John sat up in bed and crossed his legs. He maneuvered himself to be as close to Sherlock as he possibly could. He took a steadying breath and locked on to Sherlock’s eyes. They were more blue than grey tonight, crow’s feet kissed the corners of his eyelids and reminded him of the way water travels through a delta: steady, slow and in tiny streams. This was the man he could not live without; even when he was certain he was dead, Sherlock still found him in his afterlife. The eyes smiled, awaiting good news, glad at John’s presence.
John raised his eyebrows.
scribble out my name
Another moan. Fuck. Sherlock had begun to claw at the sheets, gripping them tightly in his hand.
area.” And with that, he returned to his fretful typing. John closed his book and pulled his legs up into his red chair. Holmes had been right. It swallowed you right up, in the very best way.
I am dying
He went back to his contact list. He pushed the green button and pressed the phone to his ear.
The boys tossed their bags into the undercarriage of the charter bus, headlights glaring out into the dark of early morning. In a clumsy line, they sleepily shuffled onto the bus, most bundled up in sweats and large headphones placed over their ears.
Jane sat on her sofa flipping through Netflix. She wanted to watch something new, but was aware that it wasn’t likely she would feel better by doing so. Jane knew what her quick fixes were, and tonight that’s what she needed: to sober up, and to shed happy tears. She wandered into the kitchen and pulled out a tub of chocolate chip cookie dough, poured a half glass of milk, and settled back onto the couch before picking a Tennant season of Doctor Who. She’d watch as many as she needed to in order to right herself again. Even if it meant eating an entire container of cookie dough before she got there.
“Sherlock."
He’d just kissed a man. Properly kissed a man. With no alcohol involved, no dares from his mates, no lady in between them.
Everything is red
You believe in a merciful God
John rolled his eyes and crossed his arms over his chest. He glared at Sherlock, obviously trying to feel out how serious he was about this proposition. Sherlock held his ground, stood taller and raised a defiant eyebrow. John concluded he was completely serious. With a sigh, he padded into the sitting room and selected a thin, burlap colored book from a shelf.
John looked up, eyes less anxious.
Sherlock huffed a small laugh and shook his head. “I’m grateful we found her. Our selection was shameful.”
two jobs, pay my way
289 days.
Sherlock sighed and rolled his eyes. John let loose a tiny giggle. Sherlock’s grey eyes were on his instantly, wide and filled with hurt. “Is this funny to you? Do you find this amusing?” John could see everything Sherlock was biting back:
“Honestly, Watson. With all due respect, shut the hell up. We fucking love you, man. You’re our Captain. We’d follow you into a fucking oceanic abyss if you asked us to.” Jasper tipped his hat and winked. “We can take a little heat. Figured you’d know that by now.”
“I don’t want to block the sunlight, if you know what I mean.”
John knocked on the door of the girl’s cabin, partially terrified of having his head bitten off. Jane answered the door, wearing a stunning, beige dress. Her hair was up and curled, her freckles faded from winter hibernation. Her blue eyes stood out like tidal pools against the shimmery browns of her eyeshadow. John grinned, eyebrows high on his forehead.
“Oh yes, all good things… Do you have milk in the fridge, Sherlock?”
Sherlock’s back hit the pillow as John hit his knees. Lacing his arms underneath Sherlock’s legs, he gave him a firm tug. A small chuckle escaped from Sherlock’s lips and John grinned before burying his face in Sherlock’s silk-wrapped erection. The laughter shifted to soft tremblings as John set to work.
The steam rising from the hot cup of earl grey was wonderful. It was nice to have something other than a similar accent remind him of home. Sherlock set the mug down on the outside table. It was half past six in the morning, and the desert sand was already reflecting the rising sun. The heat was bearable at this hour, a dry, warm heat rather than a stifling, oppressive one. He straightened his tie, rolled up the sleeves of his dress shirt. Then he wrapped one hand around the warm cup and took a slow sip. He relished the familiar, earthy flavor as it filled up his insides. He closed his eyes and tried to think of London. It felt like it had been ages since he’d slept in his own bed, wrapped up in gray, high thread count cotton sheets.
- FKA Twigs
John and Sherlock's almost dance/first kiss:
Songs for this chapter are as follows:
Her expression went cheeky and she bit into the sandwich.
John grinned and hooked his arm through hers, hunting the crowd for the ever-admirable B Collins.
Wake within my veins, elements of freedom
John's tattoos have all been  thought out (and drawn out). The draft is in an earlier chapter, should you wish to see it. He will continue documenting through our story as well. Also, I have no shame is representing all my fandoms. ;)
He shook his head, attempting to clear John Watson out of it, at least for the time being. He was hosting auditions tomorrow, and needed to be attentive, well rested and selective. He pulled out a folder and flipped through the candidates: Mary Morstan, Jim Moriarty, Sally Donovan, Janine Taylor, Bill Wiggins, Philip Anderson, Soo Lin. They were an odd array of possibilities and Sherlock didn’t know how to feel about any of them. He gathered up his sketches, tucked them into his backpack and downed the last, warm bit of his hot toddy. He gave a two fingered salute to the bartender as he pushed his way out into the cold.
“Indeed. I’m enjoying myself.”
“Callum’s best mate! John! He is so
(See the end of the chapter for
He felt the long arms wrap around him, making a refuge for him inside his silly coat. John felt Sherlock’s chin rest atop his head.
The cabbie stopped off near some docks along the Thames. John turned, expression curious, as Sherlock tossed the cabbie his notes and crawled out of the car. John followed, only after appreciating the generous view of Sherlock’s arse as he got out.
“Yes, well. I was thinking. Do you have plans for the weekend?”
“John.”
“Do we have dessert?” John whispered quietly against Sherlock’s ear, his nose tracing Sherlock’s jaw.
“Yes, John?” Jawn. So fucking perfect.
// 4.
“So you’ll go drink tea and chat then?”
"Right. Okay. Well this is a Sig Sauer P226," John explained as he turned his shoulder to Sherlock. "My father was retired military. I learned guns early, and it is my lady of choice. Firing out of it, if you will, is the pulsar map of the USS Enterprise."
.” John felt heat rising in face, knowing his ears were turning pink with anger. This was his best mate, the least he could do is show a little support.
He blinked against the late afternoon sun, seeping in through the crack of the canvas tent. His eyes attempted to focus on the blur of the man in front of him. A head of messy, sandy blonde hair, kissed with gray, sharpened, followed by piercing blue eyes, furrowed brows and a pair of pursed lips. “Now, if you’ll just sit up for me…” The cold of the stethoscope caused his breath to catch in his chest. The cadet blue eyes were then glancing, gently, into his, focused, steady, and sympathetic. Sherlock huffed in a few breaths, rolling his eyes. He was thoroughly exhausted with people looking at him like that, as if he deserved the pity of absolute strangers.
“Kiss me again, and I’ll consider.”
“May I set the table?” John asked, voice airy and relaxed.
Molly, eyebrows quivering with worry, bustled through the door.
“I’d tell you, but then I’d have to kill you.” Sherlock whispered; John knew Sherlock was trying to make light of a situation that could otherwise be insulting:
“Let’s get you settled in your new room.”
I've still got questions for you.”
Not a single, fucking thread.
“Exhilarating. You’re a decent driver.” Something in Sherlock’s expression changed, and John raised his eyebrows in curiosity.
Can’t crash now, I’ve been waiting for this
“Coming to bed with you?”
John, feeling incredibly awkward and uncomfortable, finally mumbled, “I’m sorry…”
dekləˈrāSH(ə)n/
John opened the door in the music hall without knocking. Sherlock stood on the stage facing the velvet curtain. His body fluxed in unison with the notes he was creating. The new piece was darker than his others, low and growling and deliciously fierce. It moved between filling every crevice of the hall and hardly any of it at all. It yelled and whispered all at once. It was entrancing, and reminded John of a chase leading to an unfortunate capture.
“I do believe you have become my exception, John Watson. I’ve been a poor host. Would you like to see the rest of the estate?” Sherlock slipped out from under John’s body and cast him a devious grin as he made his way toward the back end of the house. John smirked, left the bags where they sat on the hardwood floors, and followed.
But what a silly dream that was! He’d been a fool to fall in love with his rescuer! He must accept Lord Holmes’ kindness and affection in the spirit in which it was offered and be grateful.  He had no right to wish for more.  Lord Holmes was simply carrying out what he believed was his duty toward John, whom he believed to be no more than a child.  He’d said so himself that first night on the Wind Shadow.  He was grateful for John’s help on the journey, of course, but that didn’t change the fact that John was ultimately just a social responsibility. Any noblemen of good character, which by now John knew without a doubt Sherlock was, would have done no less.  Therefore the sooner John quashed this foolish dream of remaining at Sherlock’s side forever, the better!
They would need to await a different ship, a local ferry due to arrive the next day to take them to the port of Piraeus on the Greek mainland. It was an irritating delay from Sherlock’s perspective but it could not be avoided. The Lady Rose was continuing her journey immediately, on to Alexandria in Egypt where her cargo and the royal mail would be transported to Suez, and further East, on the British owned Upper Egypt Express. Ships and railways were the vital arteries of empire and kept to rigid schedules at all costs.
“I told him if he needed to ask, he was an idiot. Then, with you in mind, I told him yes, of course I loved you.” John felt his heart triple in size, pushing against the cage that held it in his chest.
All he could see was the top of John’s head. He sat in the wingback leather seat, glass in his hand. An amber liquid threatened to spill from the side as the glass sat haphazardly on the arm of the chair, fingers barely gripped around it. John’s typically sandy blonde hair was dark from lack of washing, mashed this way and that against his skull. Sherlock felt a tight pull in his chest.
Callum smiled sheepishly, eyebrows moving upward on his face in apology. He knew something was up with John – he had been was too internalized this last week. He’d come in two hours early for practice and would stay another three after he dismissed the rest of the team. Callum had left Saturday night alone, knowing it would spark a complicated conversation John may still be working through. Callum knew John would be ready when he arrived to practice fifteen minutes before rather than ninety, or when John offered to visit the pub not too far from the field for a pint after practice.
“Sorry, Mols. Just slipped out.”
“Yeah. Sounds like a proper solution to a ridiculous problem.” Callum grinned, and John could see it in his face that he understood exactly what John meant. Callum had told him to put it to bed, and perhaps, eventually, that’s just what he’d do. For now, it wasn’t a concern and it was taking up far too much of his already limited brain space. He nodded again, in affirmation, and the two men headed for the Duke and Duchess.
Will I begin again?
Holmes felt his face getting hot. That made him angry. Why did it make him angry? That wasn’t an illogical assumption to make. It was true, in fact. Surely he could have gotten creative even with limited resources. But the fact of the matter was he had not really intended to take his life that night, nor had he meant to mutilate his body. It just sort of… happened.
“Sherlock, what are you up to?” He asks cautiously.
col·li·sion
Sherlock chuckled, nodded, and then ordered their food. “I’ll have the spaghetti, and Irene would like a lunch portion of the angel hair dalvina.” Joseph nodded and rushed off to the bar.
“Was that a challenge?”
“How’d I do?” Sherlock asked as soon as the door was shut, not even ashamed of his eagerness. John didn’t reply as he trotted down the last few steps from the flat. Sherlock felt a jab of anxiety curl up in his left side. He followed a bit behind John. The man was walking at a fast pace, even for Sherlock’s much longer legs, and wouldn’t quit glancing over his shoulder. Finally he halted in front of an alleyway. Sherlock met him tentatively at his side. “John? Is everything—“
Sherlock was in his fifth rotation of the choreography when he heard a seat unfold in the third row of the theatre. He ignored the inane swooping in his stomach and continued on. He closed his eyes and briefly wondered if an entire theatre can feel suddenly warm and plush and whole just at the mere presence of one man. He wouldn’t put it past John Watson to be capable of such a feat.
John made for the door. The rest of the night was textbook perfect. And that’s exactly what Molly and Callum deserved.
John sat facing Sherlock, nestled comfortably into the worn, leather sofa of the den. He watched Sherlock’s face as his boyfriend told the story of how he came to inherit the estate rather than his Parliamentary brother, Mycroft. What kind of name was Mycroft, anyhow? Then again… Sherlock wasn’t any less odd.
The phone rang. And rang. And rang. B didn’t answer. She ended the call, sighed, and dialed again. After four failed attempts, she slammed the cabinet door shut and grabbed the Makers from the top of the fridge. “Of all the times to not answer your fucking mobile, B,” she muttered as she changed into a pair of TARDIS pajamas, taking a swig of whiskey between each article of clothing shed and replaced.
“Did Mycroft know we were… we are…”
Callum smirked and John felt warm at the vision of his friend’s relaxed face. “We?”
, Sherlock considered. John’s suit was a light grey wool, tailored, but not in the way Sherlock’s were tailored. The trousers weren’t slimming through the ankle and the coat didn’t cut in near the waist.
John crawled on top of him and took the coffee mug from Sherlock’s hand. He kissed Sherlock gently on the mouth. “And I would have read a fifty thousand word novel,” he whispered. Sherlock wrapped his hands around John’s waist.
Understanding filled Molly’s eyes. “Of course, Irene.”
“Now John, don’t be dramatic. I saved you, remember?” Sherlock smirked, apparently pleased with his own joke. “Alright? You did just kill a man.”
There is a bundle of tubes
Sherlock plugged the tub, white on the outside and navy on the inside, and let the water run as he made himself a hot cuppa.
I am sick
John took a deep breath and sighed. “Damn.” Quiet giggles and whispers carried. “I’ve made you quite the sentimental prat now, haven’t I?” Sherlock chuckled softly, nodding. John held out his left hand and examined it. He wrapped all ten fingers around Sherlock’s.
“That’s amazing. Healthy? Strong? No issues?”
“And what it is you’d like me to say?” Sherlock implored. The huskiness of his voice was proving to be a fatal distraction.
| Dancer at Marylebone Dance Company, Callum Everett's fiancée, 5'5", brown eyes, nervous
“Believe it or not, I am guilty of indulging in finer things, even if only on occasion. Shall we?” He slid into the front seat, the bay door opening wide and allowing the sun to pour in, turning the leather interior a matte black. John, nervous to even touch the door handle, carefully followed Sherlock’s example. The car cranked and hummed, her sounds a nearly silent whir of pistons. A stupid grin captured John’s mouth, and Sherlock winked before pulling out into the street.
Jane blazed red and turned to John. “John…”
“Callum!” She was hollering through the exotic suite now, listening as the breeze billowed in the open doors to the patio.
Unable to stand the strain and knowing there was nothing he could do, he hid his head under his arms and made himself as small as possible, and, with a sense of the inevitable, waited to be discovered. Sure enough, it was only a matter of seconds before the lamp swung his way and he heard from above his head a sharp exclamation of, "'ere! Who's this?!" followed by a shout for another crew member.
“Indeed Hudson, the sooner I’m finished with this errand of Mycroft’s the better!”
“I expect M’Lord you will want to meet directly with Lord Bosham and the Foreign Secretary the moment we arrive on home soil,” queried Hudson.
John at nearly eighteen was well aware of what sexual arousal felt like but he had never experienced it in another's presence. This was new and…. alarming. It seemed to be sweeping over him with the force of lava erupting from a volcano.  His soft feeling of serenity was twisting rapidly into a fierce urge to supplicate his body before Sherlock; fiery need was burning up his quiet sense of contentment and his soothing sensation of warmth was giving way to a writhing heat. The force his desire took his breath away and before he knew what was happening it had taken over not only his body but his mind as well, as unbidden images flooded his brain…. Sherlock rising above him, mastering him, his bright eyes blazing over John's exposed heart and soul, owning him as he strained hard and purposefully between John's spread thighs…
“There’s little breakfast to be had here. We will have to make do with tea and figs and some very dry goat’s cheese,” Hudson announced, aggrieved.
Now in the Wind Shadow's hold, John tried to force the memories of the last two days away, deciding to sip some of his limited water supply and eat a small amount of the bread and hard cheese that Molly had given him. It helped to think of Molly and remember the lively conversations he had enjoyed with her about medicine, which he loved. They had shared with each other their dreams of one day practising the new medicine pioneered by Florence Nightingale, famous for her nursing work during the Crimean War just a few years earlier, and John's hero, Joseph Lister, the brilliant British surgeon. The distraction helped to quiet his mind and after a short time, in his weakened state, he began to drift into a light sleep once more.
John winked, snagged his gloves off the small table in the foyer, and shut the door with a click. The trio flagged down a cab and shot off in the dark towards the heart of London.
“Shut up.”
“I was just going to sit on the couch and watch telly, so if you wanted company, I’d love to have some?”
“I know, Mols, I’m sorry. That was uncalled for. I was only teasing. The show was stunning, as is Sherlock’s dancing.”
I'm the worst human on the face of the EARTH for making you wait a month and a half for this chapter. Please, darlings, forgive me and know that I love you. I've been trekking through some crazy shit trying to get sorted. PLUS I had my trip to Seattle. I met some amazing fanartists and authors while I was there. I love our fandom. <3 and I love YOU! I hope you like it; I'm a bit out of practice. Next chapter will be much better. <3
“And am I your test subject?” Sherlock was pleased with himself, at his ability to remain quick and cheeky despite his own hunger for John crawling quickly to an unbearable state.
Sherlock’s thumb sweetly caressed John’s cheekbone, and John watched in amazement as tears welled in the detective’s eyes. “Human error.” He whispered, and one hot, plump tear fell and crashed on John’s cheek.
in the highest parts of heaven
John tugged his warmest fleece on over his long sleeved crew shirt. Though he knew it wasn’t cold out, the first real change in seasonal weather always threw his body off. He shivered under the wet of his hair and lack of heat in the locker room.
“Yes, well B is quite nice.”
“Yeah, I recognized him. How’d you drag this guy here, Shezza? Tie him up in the boot?” She stuck her hand out after wiping the sweat of her palms on her pants. “Pleased to meet the best looking hooker I’ve ever seen.” John chuckled, Sherlock blushed, and Chachi gave a stern and strong handshake.
“Nothing. I think it’s perfect. A perfect night for wine with take away.” John beamed at him before taking their food into the living room. They settled into their spots: John sat on a cushion in the floor, Sherlock on the sofa.
Her father passed her mitted hands into his, and Callum soaked her in. Molly’s eyes were wet and red, but she was smiling, lips pressed firmly together in a shy way. Her cheeks were rosy, her bare shoulders hardly evident under her beautifully knit shawl, long silk pooling behind her feet.
The villagers of Sarköy overwhelmed the exhausted, battered crew of the Wind Shadow with their hospitality; they drew chairs and tables together in the village's small whitewashed courtyards, sheltered by stone walls swathed in pink bougainvillea and fragrant climbing roses. Red geraniums bloomed in clay pots and clumps of aromatic herbs clung to small deposits of earth between the stones. Seated in these welcome sanctuaries the men were offered wine and an array of bread, goat cheese and dry olives for their refreshment.
Struggling to stay upright, John realized with alarm that the Wind Shadow was not righting herself, she remained heeled over at a terrifying angle. Listening, above deck he heard shouts of "Cut the sails! Cut the sails!" and realized with a stab of fear that with the mast broken, the sails must be dragging in the sea, their weight beginning to pull the boat under. There was a heart stopping several minutes before the men must have been able finally to cut the sails loose because the boat began to gradually right herself even while continuing to pitch and heel wildly, helplessly adrift now in the storm.
God, how does he know these things, wondered John, not for the first time since they met. Almost against his will, John gave a nod which Lord Holmes felt rather than saw, since John's face was pressed firmly against him. As John's affirmative response sank in, there was an appalled silence from the man holding him.
In John’s absence Hudson had not been idle.  Sherlock’s uniform jacket and trousers were now reasonably clean and the undershirt rinsed free of blood stains.  Hudson ran a calculating eye over John’s person now.
Lord Holmes filled the pregnant pause that followed this question with a cool, “But of course Your Grace, embassy children are tutored privately.”
They stopped close to mid-day for a rest and to eat a small meal of cheese and bread. They didn't linger over their lunch; choosing to continue, for although the sun was high, the path had become shaded as it wound inland through dense woods of oaks, strawberry trees, olives and myrtle.
Sherlock was silent for a long moment as he gazed at John strolling contentedly along the beach not far from them.  John glanced frequently toward Sherlock and Hudson, obviously wanting to reassure himself that all was well as he enjoyed the sunlit beach.  As they watched him, he slipped off his shoes, and rolling up his trouser legs, waded into the water.
Hudson, who was still in the room, but who had remained silent until now, cleared his throat gently. "Begging you pardon Sir, but it may be as well to have John along with us, for various reasons; familiarity with the language… local customs…"
With that they took their leave, accepting the well wishes of the Ambassador and his wife and climbing into a coach.
Sherlock watched as John once more glanced their way before bending to pick up a shell.
“You will like Ashling Court John, you will remain my guest while we contact your family? We must discuss, of course, but likely there is no great rush?”
"Good, we haven't much time. Their mate is likely dying, it won't take long. When he does they'll want to even the score."
When they finally reached Lord Holmes' cabin, Hudson wasted little time knocking and entering. John had been trying to prepare himself for being brought before the Earl but was unsure what to expect now the moment had arrived. Whatever he'd imagined though, it was certainly not the scene that met him. The large cabin was littered with books, journals, papers and maps, many of the latter pinned haphazardly to the walls in complete disregard for the pristine mahogany woodwork. Lord Holmes was there, but looking nothing like he had the previous evening. He was without a coat, his shirt collar was open at his throat, his sleeves were rolled up to the elbows and his dark curls were wildly dishevelled. Notebook, pen and map pins in hand, he had the appearance of a mad professor in the midst of a scientific experiment gone awry. He certainly wasn't, as his reputation might have suggested, the picture of a self-indulgent nobleman lounging indolently with a bottle of claret at his elbow.
They arrived at the church a few minutes early. Large, wooden doors were opened as they entered into a humble cathedral, tucked away from sight. It wasn’t much to see on the outside with its half timbered frontage; inside, the stone ceilings vaulted high above them, and the aisle lead to a massive organ, bronze colored pipes disappearing up into the darkness of the church. While St. Bartholomew the Great was a somber and severe shell encasing the memorial of Sam, it was full of people, far more than Jane had anticipated. A woman with rich, brown hair, tired eyes, and the sweetest smile gently touched Jane’s shoulder. “You must be Ms. Jesep.” Jane had never met this woman, but she could see the boy she adored in her face, in the dimple in her left cheek, in the way she fidgeted and the warmth of her presence.
Harriet’s address was scribbled on the top left corner of the worn envelope. She never wrote. Perhaps she was concerned like Sherlock had been, though obviously not to the same degree. John shook his head to dismiss the thought; he knew better. Pathetic. His own sister cared less than his best friend did. John worked it open with his thumb, and reaching in, extracted a clipping from a newspaper. A tiny slip of paper was stapled to it.
“Great shot, Watson.”
"Mmm," John murmured.
Callum nodded, and John could see the tears in his eyes. He felt his own brow creasing in confusion before he was slammed into Callum’s chest, the embrace nearly closing his throat off entirely. He wrapped his arms around his best friend, a rush of relief consuming him.
are you crying
The detective was grinning, but even more magical than that perfect, blinding smile were the precious tears rolling down his blushed cheeks. John’s heart clenched at the sight: Sherlock shedding tears of happiness. It was a first, and he filed it away in a place where it would never be forgotten. “A bit redundant, don’t you think? The paper already covered that.” Sherlock's voice was broken, beautiful and thick with emotion.
“All of them?” John inquired with a short laugh. “That could take a while.”
Katherine yanked her head from where it had been resting on his shoulder and sat up. “What the hell does that mean, John?” Yep. Definitely defensive.
Eat something light this morning, don’t forget to reapply deodorant, and drink a cup of tea. SH
“Boys. That was gorgeous. Rhys and Egan, those new plays were fail proof. Jasper, you were perfectly at home at three quarters. B, so glad you’re my fullback. Those tackles tonight were breathtaking. Literally, I stopped breathing on several occasions. A gift from God that I’m still standing, I believe.” The team laughed. “Wesley, way to step up and take a stab at right wing tonight.” John glanced at Callum, knowing his face was advertising his love for these boys like a neon lit sign. Callum grinned, gap and all, and laughed.
The apartment was frigid. Sherlock gathered if it had been ten degrees cooler and the humidity level higher, he would be able to see his own breath. He stopped at the thermostat in the hall and bumped it up.
| Lock, team-pain-in-the-ass, opinionated, sharp, degree in business and communications
He wrote his best music here, deafened by the rush of liquid at his feet and nothing else. The sun warmed his pale skin, and while he knew most people believed him to be inhuman, he too relished in sticky sweat and a light breeze and the ability to succumb to being present, wholly, in a moment.
Sherlock laughed and shook his head in a resounding no.
The captain’s foot tapped in beat with the 90’s grunge. Behind his closed eyelids, a movie started to roll. He saw Bart’s, back in his university days, before his submission of his CV to the Army Careers Information Office. He saw his feet crunching against freshly fallen leaves, glowing rich reds and oranges against the bland cement of the sidewalk, remembered the feeling of a hot cup of tea seeping into his gloves, the cold of a London winter. Harry at her peak of catastrophe, rolling in at all hours of the morning, his nervous fidget of drumming his fingers on his knees during exams, rugby practice on the fields in the hot of summer. A casual string of lovely women in and out of his dorm in the spring, endless cups of coffee, the first time he met Sherlock Holmes...
“I’m so sorry I’m late, darling.” He murmured against her skin. Molly’s stomach made a pleasant dip. “John’s… I don’t know.” She felt Callum pull away, his feet moving across the kitchen. Molly turned, wiping her hands on a dish towel, and read the worry in her fiancé’s face.
Jane huffed a small, sarcastic chuckle, nodding her head as if agreeing with the silence. John walked up to her and tilted her chin up.
In Your Atmosphere - John Mayer
John led them. There was no music, but he did not need it. He could feel it. It was the brush of air against the small hairs on his arm. It was the sweet breath leaving Sherlock’s chest. It was the humming of the fluorescent lights.
“Shezza, how’s it?!” Sherlock dropped his eye contact with John and turned, sighing, toward the voice. Ah. Tito and Izzi.
[acoustic] by Sam Smith
“Yes.”
John scoffed. A hot shower would melt some of the tension away before he crawled into bed. He shut the door and ran the shower, undressing as the steam quickly filled the small room. He brushed his teeth, the taste of beer lingering unwanted on his tongue. He stepped into the shower and savored the scalding water on his feet, legs, and back. John let the water flow over his shoulders, dunking his head underneath to wet his hair. He picked up the soap, going through his normal wash. John made the fatal mistake of closing his eyes, and in his drunken stupidity, imagined Sherlock’s hands on him, pushing him hard against the shower wall, biting bruises across his collarbone and neck. Pressing that long, sinuous body flush against John’s, slipping a taut, gorgeous thigh through John’s legs... He opened eyes and groaned with frustration at the sight of his cock, filling quickly and demanding attention. John debated, then caved, lathering his hand in soap and running it down his length. He closed his eyes and imagined Sherlock’s elegant fingers working his hard on just the way he liked it: firm but clever. He bit his lip to prevent sound effects – the last thing he needed was Callum walking in while he was having a good wank. He pictured Sherlock hovering over him, shielding John from the falling water, pinning him to the wall and having that hand wrapped around both of them. He desperately tried to muster up an image of Sherlock’s hips rutting into John’s cock and his own hand, and then Sherlock’s voice, God, whatever it sounded like it had to be heavenly, growling in his ear: “Come for me.” And John did, nearly hitting his knees as he gasped for air.
John finally stood up straight. As he turned to face his imminent doom and greatest desire, Jane piped up with a bright smile on her face.
“Good thing we weren’t planning to.”
John nodded. "I was working towards a degree in medicine when I was in uni. Wanted to be a surgeon. Things happened the year of graduation, though. Instead of beginning my internship, I checked my mother into rehab and picked up two jobs to pay my sister's way through school. Neither of my parents had put a single pound away for her. My mother had long since spent anything our dad had left her." John stole a cautious glance at Sherlock. "I'm sorry. The last thing I want is to spill my entire sob story. I'm a bit dramatic at times, I should've warned."
Jawn.
“Alright. I was only asking.” He closed his book and set it on the small table next to him. “I guess I’m going to turn in. A good night of sleep should clear my grumpy head.” He stood and headed for the stairs. He paused in the doorway. Sherlock was covered in the gold light of a tungsten bulb, his hair reading almost burgundy in some places. John could count the vertebrae through the back of Sherlock’s white shirt and watched his fingers run madly across the keyboard. Smiling to himself, he headed upstairs.
“Sherlock…” John looked up, willing himself to be unwavering in his actions.
Callum Everett poked out his bottom lip in a pout. “Come on, John. Don’t make me go alone. There will be men in tights, for chrissake.”
“What’s the matter with you?”
Maybe it was Sherlock referring to him as captain, maybe it was his clever wordplay. Or maybe it was just the fact that John Watson had this perfect human being sprawled out under him, trembling at his touch and his every word…
“John?”
” Jane rolled her eyes, stepping down from the sofa cushions.
Jane and John's dance:
Any James Bond, but did love Skyfall. Daniel Craig is a badass.
“Sherlock, please. We’re fine. I’m fine. I’m right here. I’ve got you, yeah? I’ve got you.” The detective trembled underneath him. John wrapped his arms tighter around him and kissed his bare shoulders, his neck, his ear. He buried his face in the raven curls and inhaled. Cedar and chlorine. The combination gave him chills he quickly tried to hide.
John Watson boarded the plane. Others around him watched carefully as he placed his carry-on above his seating assignment. He looked ill: exhausted, gaunt, and all the beautiful glint that lived in his eyes had tarnished into dull, steely nothing. His skin matched the lightest colors of his uniform. He took his place in the middle seat, between an older man and a teenage girl, and snaked his headphones in. His head sunk back into his seat, and he closed his eyes and pushed play.
“You weren’t sick.” It was a statement, not a question.
“There is so much more to you than the first deduction, John. I’d like to see it all, if you’ll allow it.”
Sherlock turned the key in the deadbolt. He pushed his door open and slung his bag onto the table, dropping his keys into a small, ceramic dish. He pulled the hood away from his face and examined the flat. His coordinator was a kind man; he had arranged this living space for Sherlock to have when rehearsals, practices and shows were just too close together for comfort, and while the area was lovely, Sherlock disliked the furbished flat. It was modern. Too modern. Too shiny. Too geometric. Too neutral. “Home” or “comfortable” did not exist in this flat’s vocabulary.
"Do not push me away, John. I care for you. How blind are you?"
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock was on his feet shoving things into his bag. His voice came out twisted and bitter. “That is what I said, Molly. Do keep up.”
Silence fell. It was not a kind one, not the comfortable quiet he was used to with Sherlock.
“I did not know what to say, John.” Sherlock’s voice was hard and on the verge of cracking.
John was crying.
“Do you do this often?”
“If you don’t want to, of course you don’t have to, I just. Well. They got back from their honeymoon yesterday and invited us over for tea and a chat. Jane will be there. Thought it’d be nice.” John felt himself growing hot with embarrassment.
“Have you heard from John?” Sherlock was wrapping his ankle after a particularly nasty rehearsal.
There were hushed whispers and John tried his very best to ignore the conversation. Kirsten was wrapped up in Jane’s arms, clutching her for dear life, and her entire body was shaking. Jane was running her hands through her hair, chin resting on Kirsten’s head, and shushing her. A knot formed in John’s chest and he had a collision of thoughts: Jane was going to make a great mom, as he watched her speak softly and wipe the wet from under Kirsten’s eyes with the pads of her thumbs, and she was a strong woman, to endure watching the ones she loved so much hurt as Kirsten was right now. John caught Jane kissing Kirsten’s forehead before the girl left the room. Jane turned her to face John, tears now welling in her own eyes.
“Sorry, didn’t mean to rummage through your things. But I thought you’d like to brush your teeth.”
“Me. I guess I had not slept or eaten or done things all you normal humans do. Whatever. Anyway, Mycroft knew that the disruption in behavior correlated with your departure.”
“Never. Not you, John Watson.”
He reached out and traced a strand of her hair between his fingers. “Your hair is straight. I like it.”
“Helping me make a point, John. I told you about the murders.” Sherlock’s eyes found John over the bright pink of the dead woman’s suit. They were dark. John could hardly see the pale irises. Was Sherlock high? “Also, you get to see me work. I do enjoy an audience...” Holmes looked like he could devour John whole, right there. Watson felt gooseflesh on his arms. He imagined Sherlock undressing him with his eyes. Nope, not high. Aroused.
“It makes me feel sick because you were mutilated in a fucking cave in the middle of the desert. I would not wish that on most people, but most certainly never on the bravest, kindest man I have ever met. I also am disgusted with the fact that I could not find and save you any earlier than I did. Perhaps that shoulder could have been spared, if I’d only paid closer attention.”
John groaned. “Damn. I’ll have the loo.”
“You can visit, you know. It’s not an hour from here.”
I love John Watson, you guys. I hope you know this by now. I also hope you still love me after you read. Don't worry. It all gets better. Remember: it's an important plot point and development of characters is vital.
Molly’s chest was heaving as she paused by the bar to rest. Sherlock had left hours earlier, knowing Molly needed little assistance in perfecting the piece on her own. Her sweatshirt had turned nearly black from the sweat it was collecting from her lean frame, the wild hairs near her ears and the nape of her neck clinging to her damp skin. She went through a set of cooling down stretches, knowing she had already worked too hard for one night. She could feel the muscles of her calves screaming, pulled taut like a rolled up window shade. She sat cross legged on the floor and rested back on her elbows, waiting for her body to find its equilibrium before heading back to the flat. She let her head fall back, exposing sweat covered collarbones, her ponytail sweeping the stage floor.
“Do you have to word it in a way that makes me feel like an absolute imbecile? And easy, I’m not bothersome every week. Just… most weeks.”
“Secondly,” Sherlock bit out, “don’t mention what I do, where I work, or how we met.”
Sherlock rolled onto his back to look up at John. His eyes were sad, desperate, pleading.
əˈvou/
“Sorry, I asked you what the plan for today was.” Sherlock propped his elbow up against the tile of the shower, falling into a contropostal stance. Naturally... in a relaxing pose, he
“Ah. I see. What subject do you teach?” Jane’s eyes moved to John’s face. He was beaming. Clever Sherlock. She liked him.
John had grown accustomed to wandering around the desert again. The numbness he felt when leaving London rolled over easily here, like unused mobile minutes. He felt little and said even less.
-the second is Callum
“Is that a real question?” She asked, murmuring into his neck. She kissed the hollow of his throat, the soft skin stretched across his sternum. She felt his hand cradling the back of her skull, thumb rubbing lovingly against her ear.
John stared at Sherlock, hand paused near his mouth. A few kernels fell into his lap.
to his four year old son. There was no band on the captain’s finger, and he would never take it off if he had one. Unmarried, likely unattached. Sexuality? To be determined. Fairly certain heterosexual.
“I… I’m sorry, John, but when you left, I went through your room. I shouldn’t have, but I missed you, and I slept there for a while...” John felt excess saliva building in his mouth. He was going to be sick. “And I found a ring.”
“About twenty-two miles. Shouldn’t take long.” He extended his canteen to Sherlock. The brunette rolled his eyes and
“Wha.. Watson?”
“You look lovely.”
“Sad to see you go, buddy, but ready for a night we may not remember!” He chugged the rest of his pint and wiped his mouth with his sleeve. “Where’s Sherlock?”
Sherlock’s last letter was indulgent. John was shocked at the reference to so many emotions, feelings, to so much humanity, in all honesty. He, of course, knew Sherlock felt. He may be a "high-functioning sociopath", but he’s no Vulcan. John had witnessed Sherlock at his very best, and also his very worst. But it was certainly unlike him to speak about sentiment, much less investigate it further. John was curious about what the conditions for Sherlock were like in London. He must be lacking in The Work to turn to petty human emotion for research.
“221b Baker Street. It has a nice ring to it.” It was the first time John had spoken since boarding his plane.
“You were almost killed.” Sherlock's voice was barely a whisper.
“Those words, identical phrasing, crossed my mind the night you found me at the pub.” He said it so nonchalantly, plucking a disc from the selection. John stared, mouth agape.
I am such a young soul.
"Mmm."
Jane smirked.
*I have already casted all the new additions, and am working on adding them to my character list. The only recognizable ones would by Rooney Mara as Sky and Jude Law as Graham Norton.
“I’ll go.”
And there was charming, devious John Watson, front and center, with all his teammates surrounding him on the green of the pitch. His grin was cheeky, white teeth glittering, and his eyes smiled just the same. Sherlock let a small hum reverberate in his chest at the sight of him. He couldn’t deny that the charming hooker - honestly, could they have not selected a different name for his position? – had made a place for himself in Sherlock’s skull. Sherlock had begun to see him everywhere: flipping through channels on the telly when he needed noise at night; through a window while he was out to dinner; solid visuals now accompanying Molly’s stories; burning in the back of his mind as a polar opposite of Jim Moriarty, everything warm and rich and right; and now, headlining the newspaper he nipped from the poor sod beside him. He smiled, folded the paper, and tucked it into his bag.
“So what happened?”
Jane chuckled as she opened the fridge, plucked another Oktoberfest from the six pack, and twisted off the lid with her flannel. “Here ya go, sunshine. Let’s get down to business.”
B turned her to face him and tucked the loose strands of blonde behind her right ear. “Tell me what you want, Jane.”
“Yes, I suppose that is quite odd for me, isn’t it?”
Sherlock tapped his pencil on Bill’s file. He read through the notes he had scrabbled down in a rush to capture his first impression.
“Why not?”
“Yes, well. Six pm. At Angelo’s.”
“Would you mind making another?”
Sherlock closed the curtain and returned to his shower. John stood in awe a few moments longer, then left the bathroom, trousers a bit tighter than before.
John leaned into Sherlock’s chest. He placed a delicate kiss on the warmth of Sherlock’s torso, sliding his hand down to the hem of his shirt. John fiddled with it absently as he began to twist his way into Sherlock’s lap.
“Where to now, Lieutenant?”
“S’alright. Sorry you had to find out like this. It was a foolish thing, for me to think that you would want to get married.”
John rolled with the punches, gave a thumbs up and his best headliner smile. He was rewarded with a gorgeous grin from Sherlock, who thumbed through the photos, and then handed the device back to Graham. Sherlock came back to his side, his arm brushing against John’s before he discreetly laced his last two fingers through John’s. He stole a look at his… god, what was he? Boyfriend? Love interest? Dream come true? Ultimate demise?
245 days.
“Oy! Take a seat. I’ll bring it in. Fingers out of my food,
John tossed and turned in Sherlock’s bed. It felt huge and empty with only one body in it; John didn’t blame Sherlock for sleeping in his smaller bed. At least there the feeling of solitude was less… overwhelming.
long enough to back the validity of that statement. I’m Graham, by the way. Graham Norton.”
“Self-deprecation isn’t an admirable quality, John. And I hardly believe you to be unimpressive.”
“Sounds perfect,” she agreed. She stood and offered her hand. Molly pulled him to his feet and clutched his fingers tightly. “This too shall pass.”
. Less than twenty minutes later, Sherlock heard his text tone:
“I said I’ll go. On one condition.”
“Best day ever?”
“Sherlock, honestly. If you want a new performance in less than two months, you needed to have music to me yesterday.” The brunette crossed her arms, booted foot tapping against the light-lined walkway of the theater.
“More.” The demand made John's mouth water.
” can deduce, “
He casually strolled over to the touch line, turning his side to bump his shoulder into John’s. John barely moved, cemented to the earth like stone, raising one eyebrow. Callum knew it was John’s way of giving him permission to proceed, though it made him no less anxious about doing so.
John paused and glanced over his shoulder, curious. “Yes?”
“Does whiskey go well with
(See the end of the chapter for
“John. Hi.”
rəˈvərbəˌrāt/
Watson’s breathing went wonky. Sherlock’s eyes widened. He had only said his name. John’s reaction made no sense. He had said his name a hundred times, possibly thousands. Something about understanding the context of the single syllable coming from his lips changed the meaning of it entirely. Fascinating. It was the knee and the forthcoming conversation that made it exceptional.
“Only if you say you love me first.”
is this what it feels like?
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock offered. He wrapped his arm tighter around John and nestled his head in the crook of John’s shoulder.
“And this is—“
“John.”
“When’s the next event?” Sherlock asked, his chest rumbling against John’s spine, thumb rubbing small circles against his shoulder blade. John’s skin broke out in gooseflesh at Sherlock’s small displays of affection amongst these hundreds of people.
Sherlock stared at the ceiling, tapping his thumbs gently together. His initial thought was of the rapid escalation that had shattered his composure into a tiny, million fragments. John Watson was first and foremost on his mind, and Holmes could already feel the man leaking into more than one location in his mind palace. He sighed, frustrated, and decided to pace instead.
The green expanses of Ireland unfolded with the rising sun, and John was so glad he was awake to witness it. There were moments in his life he deemed truly exceptional, moments he knew would float in his memory until the day he passed. They were usually fleeting: a range of seconds accompanied by a rare period of serenity and peace that took hold of John’s heart. Normally the vision itself wasn’t the source of tranquility, but merely being and existing and that, for now, was enough. As the orange sun rose over the horizon, John took a chance to peer around at his sleeping brothers, to soak in the fact that they had brought themselves here. He closed his eyes, forcing the tears to hold fast behind his lids, as gratitude flooded him: he saw the look on his mother’s face the day he was finally able to visit her in rehab; the first time he survived a tough scrum and came out on top; the first oranges and reds of the trees as autumn trickled its way in; the soft feeling of sweatpants; the smell of fire and the burn of whiskey, followed with twenty-one shot glasses clunking down on the counter at the Duke and Duchess; the gentle caress of a hand carding through his hair; Callum and Molly the night of their engagement, eyes wide and watering and perfect; the day he signed with St Helens alongside his best mate; Harriet’s gorgeous smiling face and matching blue eyes in the passenger seat of his Jetta when he was twenty-two, laughing and the wind rippling through her hair. John gasped as the tears broke free, leaking down his cheeks. He blinked, and upon opening his eyes, recalled Sherlock’s pale eyes staring into his, unwavering, slightly petrified through that glass window, and wiped the wetness from his face. He smiled to himself, knowing that he had a beautiful life. It was fucked up, most of it unfair, but he was grateful all the same. Sometimes you have to live in a world of demons in order to discover angels; John walked among them, aware of his his fortune of having so many others hold him up until he grew wings of his own.
He spun her, her curls billowing in her wake, and then, before John’s eyes, Callum began to dance. Not a hug and wobble, not an awkward two step or a waltz. He and Molly were coordinated. They had choreographed a dance.
Sherlock chewed the words. John Watson knew nothing of his life, past his medical records and obviously self-destructive tendencies, and yet…
The heat passed through the ceramic and burned into his fingers.
The rest of the rehearsal was done flawlessly. If such a thing had existed to Sherlock Holmes prior to John Watson, it was news to the brunette moving seamlessly, intentionally, perfectly across the stage.
The arm they belonged to was long, pale, with gorgeous blue veins surfacing at the soft skin near the palm of his hand.
“All the way to the top?”
“Donovan.”
” can prove. Sherlock had, in John’s mind, paired them as a team, even though Sherlock already knew everything.
Yep. He was definitely dead.
“Did you just say… Did I understand you correctly? You are not opposed to the idea of marrying me?”
The space quickly filled up with John and Sherlock’s favorite people. Music sat in the quiet spaces between conversations and laughter. Molly and Jane danced briefly on the living room rug while John and Sherlock sorted out the chicken and stuffed mushrooms. Callum and Wesley chatted about John’s CD collection, and how 1995 it was. The liquor stash steadily depleted, along with the tagalong sixers in the cooler on the floor.
John’s hands slowed, moving in a way Sherlock recognized; John analyzing, observing, absorbing. He felt the calloused fingers sweep steadily across his back, his arms, hesitating at the patches of roughened skin at his elbows, venturing to his nape, delicately touching Sherlock’s humidity-tormented curls. Sherlock stilled, trying desperately to keep his eyes open, to record John’s eyes, the swollen quality they possessed, red-rimmed and gentle, vulnerability present and paired with an overbearing wave of fondness, as he admired every square inch of Sherlock’s body.
John winced as he reached up for the letters. “Thank you, Lieutenant.” He waited for the soldier to walk away before eagerly shredding the envelope of each letter. He had been out of commission for two weeks, and their squadron had not been able to receive mail for nearly a month.
“Take the tea with you, if you like. I’ll come by later to pick up the mug.” They exchanged small smiles and he left the room, closing the door with a soft click behind him.
Soon, they were out of London and curving through the countryside. John rested his skull against the seat and closed his eyes, enjoying the smell of warmer weather and freshly blooming flora. Only months before, he had been driving through the rolling hills of Ireland, the idea of Sherlock only a fleeting and illogical fantasy. He squeezed Sherlock’s knee. The handsome brunette wrapped his free fingers around John’s and returned the gesture.
to have someone who was compatible with his best dancer. Sherlock didn’t trust her. He shut her file and dropped it in the chair next to him. Bill Wiggins took stage next.
"Damn good," Sherlock murmured.
“Shot in the dark. Good one, though.” Sherlock smirked as he sipped on his drink. “I was looking at your book selection.”
Molly studied Sherlock’s face, her eyes sharp and narrowed. “That’s what’s wrong.” It wasn’t a question. Sherlock stared up at her from the floor, and then signed as he dug the heels of his hands into his eyes. Molly felt like an idiot. “Sherlock! Why didn’t you say something?”
“Still awake, then?” He spoke, his back still to John.
“I could play your piece, if you’d like?” Molly smiled, wide and sweet.
He wandered out into the hallway, using the walls to support him, and startled at the voice following him from the sitting room.
“Honestly, John. Regardless of the awful circumstances that brought you here, and I am so sorry for that, by the way, I would think you would be a bit more excited about spending holiday at home, rather than singing Silent Night from your cot.” John noticed the shift in Sherlock’s voice. He was hurt. John understood. He had wanted nothing more than to be with this man, to see him at least once more. He knew there were things left to be said between them. Why was he acting like such a prick?
antonyms:	diverge, leave
“Tito, Izzi, hello. There’s someone I want you to meet.” Sherlock gestured towards John, who stepped forward, hand extended. Sherlock’s knees felt unsteady. John was incredible. He had met numerous new people this evening and hadn’t batted an eye. They were so different in many ways.
Sherlock leaned forward and kissed John right above his eyebrow. “I’m sorry I did not ask your permission before entering your room." He wasn't sorry; John could tell.
Sherlock shrugged his shoulders and cracked his neck. He felt uneasy at the casualness of the words Captain Watson used. Fresh, as though this happened all the time. Holmes clenched his jaw. John’s voice had not been accusing or condescending, just factual. Straight to the point. Odd. That was something the younger Holmes only expected from Mycroft or Mrs. Hudson. Not from acquaintances, and certainly not strangers. He could feel the Captain’s eyes on his back.
| Best friend to Molly Hooper, high school art teacher, knitting queen, mixed media artist,
Jane gawked at him, sandwich already in her mouth. She bit and chewed frantically, trying to get to a socially acceptable level of talking with her mouth full. John laughed at her attempt to move food into her cheek so she could respond.
“I’m in no mood for your mouth today, Irene. I have far too much to get done. Can you do it, or not?” Sherlock fooled with the wiring to the sound system on the stage. Irene Adler gave a huff in complaint, sighed dramatically, and dropped her arms by her side in defeat.
“How are you?! I’m so glad you’re here.”
Callum pushed open the locker room doors, already pulling out his boots from his unzipped bag. He rounded the first line of lockers to find John panting on a bench, earbuds wedged deep into his ears, head moving in a rhythm as he unlaced his trainers. Callum realized that John had already hit the weight room that morning.
“What time did you leave?”
“Yeah, except she just left Ian. Five years. Come on, Mols. No good.”
“Yes?” he asked, an amused expression playing across his lips.
“Figured. Everything alright?”
“He thought you would…”
He snagged a dressing robe from the back of John’s bedroom door and made his way into the sitting room of the flat. As he slipped into the nearly too short gown, tying it snugly about his waist, he stepped in front of one of many bookshelves lining John’s living space. There were a few framed photographs: One of John and Callum, much younger, likely age 15. Callum’s hair was long and he was grinning, looking down at John. John’s face was a bit rounder, but handsome all the same. There was another of Molly, her hair done up in two braids. She looked youthful, likely their uni years. Another one of John’s teammates, whoever the shaggy haired blonde was…
on a major street in downtown Brixton. Who knows how many windows had been looked through at that precise moment.
"a pair of lines of longitude are parallel at the equator but converge toward the poles"
Okay. There aren't many words. I missed you all. I missed these characters. I can't say how often these remaining chapters will come, only that I have one here for you now.
John sat in the center of the bed, wearing only his pants and a thick, military inspired watch on his left wrist. His hands were clasped and resting in his lap, his eyes glinting. Sherlock had insisted on cleaning the kitchen and shooed John upstairs. For that, he would be punished. Or rewarded. Either way, the end result would essentially be the same. He rubbed his wrist along the stiffening flesh of his cock.
“Of course it is.” His voice was firm. She pulled away and looked back and up. His expression was curious and set.
?!" John bellowed, tears moving fast down his face. "You are stupid, Sherlock Holmes, to care about me. Have you not yet deduced it?" he snarled. "I do nothing but leave a trail of destruction. Run, while you can. Get away from me." He sobbed and moved his hands to his face, his cries both muffled and amplified. Sherlock pulled John into his arms and held him to his chest.
“Yes, alright. But if I look, you’re locking that damn thing up after. And meeting me in the shower.”
“Yes. Did you drive, or…?”
“There are a few things I need from you tonight.”
“I’m not sure. He told me he’d talk to me soon when I left this morning. I guess we’ll see.”
“Can you not deduce what its inspiration is based off the time frame I just gave you?”
It had been 73 days.
Sherlock laughed and the sound echoed through the flat. "Is that what they're called? I used to watch a great deal of the Doctor, yes. I'm not sure I'd deem myself a Whovian, though."
“You always do, John.”
| Captain and Hooker of St Helens Rugby Team, 5'7", blue eyes, one finished sleeve and
He caught tiny glimpses of John’s navy jumper, his sandy blonde hair, his position on the very edge of his seat, elbows resting on the back of the one in front of him. Sherlock felt his eyes boring into him and was shocked to find that, unlike every time before, the witness made him feel invincible rather than impossible.
film photography
Their eyes met; John’s heart exploded. Sherlock’s brows were arched, eyes penetrating, stoicism abandoned. John had never felt so needed in all his life. He was amazed at all the ways Sherlock could communicate what he wanted or needed without ever uttering a single syllable. Holding Sherlock’s eyes with his own, feeling splayed open, he moved his hand between their two tangled bodies. He watched Sherlock read him as if he were printed in large scale text, wonder and lust and something else, so tender and soft and pure, mixed up in those silvered eyes. John leaned forward to kiss Sherlock’s mouth.
“Great beat. Dex the DJ?”
He arranged the bread onto a plate and added a side of butter. B delivered the snack to the dining room table and fell in behind her, wrapping one arm around her waist and pressing his chin to her shoulder.
“I can see why you like him, Molly. Does he make you dance that way? I’d say Callum’s a fan, too, if he does.”
“Cold?”
“Enigma. We discussed this.”
“Oh… John…” In one swift movement, Sherlock pulled John onto his lap, his large hands gripping into the doctor's hips. “Your feelings are reciprocated.” John reached over, pulled the chain to the lamp, and then he took Sherlock to bed.
“Start what? I’m not starting anythiiiing.” Jane knew the second the sing-song voice came out, she was absolutely plotting.
Sherlock nodded, eyes bright. John grinned, now being able to identify the given expression Sherlock gave him as pride.
“Yes, well, you text me like, seven different options a day, and I’m sorry if I can’t remember which you settled on!” Molly’s best friend took another sip from her quickly depleting Makers and Coke. She had a three ring binder open, dividers labeled for different aspects of the wedding. They were currently on
“I’m Tito,” the olive-skinned man offered, grinning, short dreads pulled up into a knot on the top of his head, the sides undercut like Kirsten’s back at the high school, punked out and precious with her glimmering tongue ring, “and this is Izzi.” Izzi was of Asian descent, dark haired and warm skinned. He was tall and thin, and wore black, thick-framed glasses.
wanted it.
“Oy, Shezza. Good to see you back.”
"Anytime. Anything."
“I really wish you’d get that fidget under control. It’s so unattractive.” Irene smirked, lips blood-red and dressed to the nine’s in black, back exposed, and her hair half down. Sherlock narrowed his eyes, aware of everyone else's in the restaurant. She couldn’t go
“Yes, I’ll bring that up later. But for now, I need you to understand a few things before we go into this.”
“You aren’t the one shipping off tomorrow, you sod.”
It hasn't been a month and a half, but it's been damn near close. I struggled with this chapter. I ventured from and wandered back to my original plans for this content, and just ended up rolling with it. Be honest, tell me what you think.
job?" Sherlock sneered. He snatched up the bags and headed for the door.
“This is my fifth pint, Sherlock.” And he was barely buzzing. This night was a hard one for him. Knowing he would be shipped off to basic at 0600 tomorrow was painfully sobering. He was desperately trying not to think about it.
“You are a man of wonderful confidence. How could you possibly doubt the attraction was reciprocated?” He kissed John delicately on the corner of his mouth and pressed on.
There was no name on this one. The envelope was plain white, like something you’d send a bill off in. A small slip of paper rested inside:
“We’ll just see about that.” She licked the shell of John’s ear and laughed as he picked her up by the thighs and carried her into his sitting room.
She gave a breathy exhale, chased by a small giggle. “You wrote music for me to dance to?”
am I enough?
Sherlock nodded, reaching into his pocket and pulling out an MP3 device, and over to the inside of his booth, extracting a plain, manila folder. He passed both over the table, and Irene snatched them, tucking them into her oversized handbag.
“That I am.”
John watched him for a moment, paused at the handle of the door. He sighed.
While savoring Sherlock slipping down his throat, John wrapped his hand around his own cock and two thrusts in, he came.
sounded as if it were spoken with an “F” instead. John bit back a smile at hearing Sherlock’s other name from someone else’s mouth. It sounded light less absurd coming from this girl, rolled off her tongue a bit better than John’s.
“Don’t look at me doe eyed!”
Sherlock pressed John further into his ribcage, tears stinging his own eyes. He understood.
“Feeling better, then?” He quipped. God, his mood
“I’m sorry! I was exhausted, in unfamiliar territory, and you were a bit of a distraction. Do most people tell absolute strangers they have an ass that makes them mad with want?” John could hear the crooked grin in Sherlock’s question.
by The Daylights
“Yes, you did in fact. Glad to see amnesia won’t be an issue. Your skull is all sorts of mucked up.”
“Yes. Would you like to come in?” Sherlock chuckled at how quickly John’s eyebrow darted upward on his forehead.
Molly heard a faint rap on the front door. She turned to Callum with a confused expression on her face. “Were you expecting company?” she asked. He shook his head and stood, making his way into the foyer. Jane stood on the front step, eyes puffy and tired.
It wasn’t a question, and was entirely correct. “Accurate, yet again. Though I have been warned that is nothing unusual. My students this year are fantastic. I love every single one of them. It is the things they endure that I am struggling with.”
He smashed the bulbs on the ground and located the two guards as he walked to the mouth of his torture chamber. He deftly sank the metal and glass shards deep into their necks, gave them a solid punch and left them to bleed out. He prayed he could still run a five minute mile.
the creation of the universe
- Keys n Krates [John Freestyle]
Jane grinned, and the girls proceeded to hop around the dance floor like teenagers at their first show.
. This is the tall, pale, vampy guy from the wedding? Drinks scotch like it’s soda? Quiet, violinist? Took that gorgeous, red-lipped thing home?” Rhys’ expression was hysterical; his jaw dropped and his eyes were huge saucers in their sockets. John couldn’t help but clutch his knees for support at
John's mouth pulled up at the right corner. "Huh. Well it's meant to stand for 'companion.'"
“You know who else says that, all the time?”
“You’re filth, Rhys.”
When he came back, Sherlock was in the kitchen messing about with the kettle. “Cuppa?”
He glanced up faster than lightening finding the ground and peered into her face. “Mols? What’s the matter?” He jerked his eyes to Sherlock, narrowed them, and then went back to her. “Baby?”
synonyms: resound, echo, re-echo, resonate, ring, boom, rumble, vibrate
Callum’s thick eyebrows were knit with worry, and he chewed on his bottom lip. Molly felt a warm stirring in her chest at the sight of the precious gap between his two front teeth. She reached out for his right hand and grabbed it firmly in hers, turning it over to inspect the nails. They were destroyed.
Ah. John had only seen Molly dance a handful of occasions, mostly when they were right out of Uni. She had been auditioning for company after company. Apparently, they didn’t like her appearance. She wasn’t “elegant” enough, but John had long ago decided otherwise. Elegant to other companies had been tiny, angular, and lacking in any decipherable, unique physical qualities. Molly was none of those things; in fact, she was a warm contradiction to each of them. Molly was thin, but lean and strong. She had a fantastic body; John knew he could admit it without causing suspicions. Her shoulders were stunning and her legs spoke bravely of the hours spent slaving away in the studio. There was nothing sharp to her. Molly was soft and kind and warm: she had a buttoned nose and rich, brown eyes and her words were never hard. Molly had been dancing with Marylebone for nearly two years now, and as far as he could tell, she loved it. She stood straighter, spoke in a way that filled a room when needed, carried her chin to face others everywhere she walked. If this Sherlock could channel confidence in Molly, he was a friend of John’s.
“No, everything’s perfect. She’s perfect.”
“I always double my whiskey shot, Everett. And get your feet off my table. Molly would be ashamed.”
“There isn’t a damn thing to do otherwise.”
“Yes. Yes, I have.” John began to wonder if coming here had been a good decision. He felt pinned, like he had done something wrong. “I can’t help but feel as though you are bitter about something. Care to share with the class?” His tone had been more biting than he intended, but so be it. Watson wasn’t a dunce. He had noticed the shift in Sherlock’s behavior every time this subject arose. “Think I can’t handle it?”
“Goddamnit.” That voice. It was like warm honey melting over biscuits fresh out of the oven. Like the perfect cup of earl grey, two sugars and a dash of milk. It resonated in John’s bones like a song. He had never wanted someone so badly in all his fucking life.
“We’ll be there, Cap. Just say when.”
“Please, god, let me live.” John was sobbing. A long slice, half the length of his forearm, began to blossom blood from his ribs. “I don’t know. I don’t know what you want.” He felt the tip of the knife press under his chin. The tears felt hot and ran through a coat of dirt and filth on his face. He wished he could drown.
am I enough?
“Yeah. Helps me clear my head a bit.”
of those?” John did a full turn to face Jane, who had stepped into the kitchen and was leaning against the counter. He then shot a frantic look to Callum, trying to relay
"Another time, then."
“Don’t look at me like that, you twat. You just got off to my voice. God forbid, I mention you make me want to stay a little longer. Shower up, you filthy animal. See you in the morning. I’m expecting the return of my petulant child.”
John yanked his wrist from Sherlock's grip. "Do you really want to know, Sherlock? I don't think you do. You have no idea what this feels like. " John's brows were knit together; the expression on his face was desperate and pained. "Please, god, I am begging you, leave. If you care about me at all, leave. Right fucking now."
Sherlock watched as John chewed on his lip in uncertainty. He leaned forward and pressed his lips to the new moon that sat atop the curve of his tricep.
“You are capable of anything, Irene Adler.” Sherlock nodded to Joseph, who had just delivered their beverages. He lifted his to his friend.
“Me too.”
“Can’t you practice at home? Show me what you’ve learned.”
“So, John, what is it you are struggling with this week?”
“No, no one in particular. We’re just going to scope the location, get a feel of things. Gather some evidence.”
Callum was an interesting man. Sherlock had properly surmised everything important about him when they first met, or so he had originally thought. While he was ordinary in the most ordinary ways, he was also a man of great spirit, courage, and gumption. He loved Molly with every ounce of his being, and this brought warmth to Sherlock’s heart. Some believed him to be unfeeling, but that was far from true. So very far indeed.
, and then John’s skull was full of perfect, white noise.
“Oh, it most certainly is. I’ll go only if you read me something you’ve written.”
They arrived in Brixton right after the sun set. Sherlock stepped out of the cab and strolled up to the yellow tape, John following close behind.
Sherlock toweled his face in a non-committal way. He had not turned to John; now that he was no longer dancing, he was terrified to. That was the most beautiful, consistent rehearsal he had ever had. That’s not something he would ever admit to lightly, and it shook him to his bones. How can one person make such a difference?
“Don’t forget to call me, Sherlock.” His voice was soft, traces of easily noticeable mania seeping in at the edges.
John was torn between humility and adoration. Yes, he had nailed it on the head, struck through to the very core of John’s problem, pulled the weed at the base and discovered the root. Did Sherlock understand the significance of what he had just deduced? John pulled away to find Sherlock’s eyes. They were curious, intrigued, and, thankfully, gentle.
“John?”
The bass line of the next song bled through the warehouse and John’s knees nearly fell out. Sherlock pulled away, one eyebrow higher on his face than the other, grey eyes aflame.
As soon as Sherlock’s outstretched arm broke the circle, John raised an eyebrow. Sherlock halted, confused. He tilted his chin to the side. And then John smirked.
Sherlock felt the air leave his lungs. He stood, running the heel of his hand across his hard on. John’s eyes were on fire. He waved Sherlock to the bed and pulled the now warm seat across the room and settled into it, prepared for a show. John sat lax in his chair, knees lazily spread, arms crossed around his chest, his face smug as hell. Sherlock could eat him alive, if only Watson would allow it.
He tugged a headphone from John’s ear, and the blonde jerked his head up, eyes narrowed and posture tensed. Callum felt a tiny hint of guilt in the pit of his stomach. He knew John didn’t do well with the physically unexpected. He hated surprises.
Sherlock’s voice sounded close by, “Not true, in fact, Hudson, these infernal thickets are proving hellish to navigate… we will most certainly stop now that we are safe.” Then almost as an afterthought, he remarked, “and really Hudson, should you be alarming John with talk of nighttime sorties to London’s back alleys…?” His voice trailed off on this mild reproof and he could be heard muttering to himself, “Bloody goat trails!”  John, opening his eyes and looking around, could see the outline of Sherlock’s head framed in faint star light, tilted quizzically and staring at something that might be a trail, although as far as John was concerned there was nothing whatsoever to suggest it.  Everywhere around them was uniform darkness as far as he could tell. His head began to ache from the strain of trying to see so he gave up and closed his eyes; laying his head down on Hudson’s shoulder once more.  Instantly he fell asleep and, as intended, didn’t hear Sherlock’s quiet enquiry, “Is he alright to carry on Hudson?” or Hudson’s softly reassuring answer, “Indeed, my Lord, his is.”
