The manor house had once belonged to his mother’s family, of which there were few surviving members. It was usually used as a holiday residence for those Mycroft did not particularly care for. It was a grand house, to be sure, but it was old and badly neglected. The house was drafty on good night, but when the weather turned harsh in winter, Sherlock was sure on more than one occasion that he would freeze to death. Perhaps that would not be such a bad thing.
John laughs, “But you did not observe.” He then grows serious, finger tightening on Sherlock’s waist. “If you have changed your mind I will respect that, but I
Quiet music floats up to meet them from the ballrooms garden doors across the way.
“Enter.”
His eyes snap up to see that silver haired man who seems glued to John’s side standing in the doorway, eyes focused but face carefully blank. John then seems to recall their position on the sofa, they are wrapped around each other, John practically on top of Sherlock. They pull apart quickly and Sherlock sits bolt upright, face burning as he tries his best to smooth his rumpled shirt.
Two guards meet him in the hall outside his door. They follow close behind him as he picks his way along the still dim corridors.
Finally, he is able to distinguish a word,
Rosie reaches out across the space between the sofa and the coffee table to touch the cat again and gives a pitiful whine when she can’t reach.
The paths Sherlock has followed have led to the expected places; the stables, the fields, a grove he did not enter, and so on. This new walk seems to take him further than the others, leading well past the stable yard and out into a sprawling pasture.  Nestled just within the far tree line sits a seemingly very old structure with something protruding from steepled roof. As Sherlock draws closer the rounded stones that make up the building’s tilting façade become distinguishable, and he can see the tiny flames of candles flickering in the arching windows. It takes him far longer than he thinks it should have to come to the conclusion that the building he is now stepping into is a religious house of some kind.
“John,” Sherlock rasps as if his voice hasn’t been used in hours.
“What is it?”
“What do you want?”
“Yes. Your brother, blind as he is, believed the late king David was responsible for the death of your parents.”
As John steps onto the landing he is greeted by the sight of Sherlock standing in front of the couch contemplating the wall which is covered in all manner of photos and photo copies, arranged so haphazardly that John hasn’t been able to make out whatever system Sherlock has apparently employed.
They make their way through the tunnels and out through the door of the old scullery. After so long sneaking around under the cover of night it is oddly disconcerting to be out in broad daylight.
The air in the room seems to grow very still as Greg takes a moment to read over the letters contents. John has already memorized it.
One look at him and Amir is already retreating to a door behind the counter and hurriedly jamming a key into the lock.
“I really don’t want to do this with you right now,” he says slowly, making sure his friend hears every syllable.
Two chapters in a day, what is this?
“Oh, hello,” Mrs. Hudson replies, not looking up from Rosie and the cat, “how was your day, dear?”
I'm off classes today so I may have another chapter up tonight if I can be bothered to edit it.
Sherlock and John find a way to escape the heat.
John stands and listens to his deep, even breathing. His heart gives a painful squeeze. He is suddenly overcome with the need to touch Sherlock, to hold him and press kisses into his hair. As John makes for the bed a board beneath his feet gives a horrible creak and Sherlock comes awake with a sniff.
Even as his brother’s men attempt to keep hold of him, Sherlock feels the smile break across his face as his eyes spill over.
Then Sherlock had fallen, and John spent two years choked by all the things he had been too afraid to say and he had sworn to himself that if he was ever given another chance, he would tell Sherlock the truth.
“Yeah, it’s me,” he replies, “I’ll be right in.”
He feels very alone.
Sherlock lies stretched on a sofa in his sitting room, arm flung dramatically over his eyes.
His eye lids are growing heavier with every endless moment. Each time they slip closed Sherlock forces them open again. The afternoon sun makes his head throb and he wraps his arms tighter around the unknown man’s shoulders for fear that he will pitch right off the horse.
Picking his head up his eyes fall on a little box on the table beside the chair, inside Sherlock finds John's strand of silver prayer beads. He pulls them out and wraps them around his hand the way he’d seen John do, imagining they are still warm from his skin. It’s comforting to hold something John treasures.
John looked up at him questioningly.
"If you do not behave, I won't have any option but to punish you in front of everyone," John said in a hushed tone directly into Sherlock's ear. Sherlock stood back with a smug look on his face.
John bit his lip again and hissed as his orgasm took hold of his body and he emptied himself into his student, legs shaking.
"Two."
Sherlock cracked his eyes open and looked up at his army doctor and through his panting, nodded and pushed back against the toy on his own.
"Fucks sake John! Fuck me!" Sherlock groaned, bucking his hips as John slowly stroked him root to tip.
Conversation with the Beta had been so boring, John had almost regretted even volunteering to do it. Before he had even got any good info from her, Dr. Frankland had interrupted them and ruined John's plan. However, Dr. Frankland hadn't left when Henry's therapist did. He stayed and ordered himself a drink, trying to make too-friendly conversation with John.
When there was only a few centimeters left to fit inside the taller man, John reached up to wrap his hand around Sherlock's semi hard cock, pumping it quickly to bring him to full hardness. Sherlock gasped and let out a high pitched whine as he felt the two contrasting sensations in his genitals and began to fuck himself into John's fist and onto the large toy inside himself.
Sherlock, still slightly trembling, set his glass down and stood up, offering a shaky hand to the Omega.
"Three."
The sound of wet skin slapping and panting from both of them was erotic and Sherlock swears he could come from just the noises coming from John’s chest alone.
John ran his hands up and down Sherlock's back, "It's alright, sweetheart, you did so good with your punishment. I'm so proud," he said gently into Sherlock's ear.
(See the end of the chapter for
John immediately stood up and got close to Sherlock.
Sherlock grinned and shivered as the cool air hit her skin, goosebumps spreading over her body. Joan wrapped her arms gently around the brunette's waist, turning her in her arms to bring them face to face. Their lips met easily and the kiss turned filthy quick.
Sherlock grinned as she watched Joan catch her breath from the first orgasm she'd had in days, before leaning down to kiss her heatedly again.
He had had an inkling that his heat was to begin soon before accepting their latest case, but deigned to leave the flat anyways, which was his first mistake of the day. As the day progressed and the amount of Alpha policemen at the scene increased, Sherlock realized he should probably be headed home. It was nearly too late when John had showed up to help with the case and took one whiff of the consulting detective, and dragged him home.
John shifted on his feet and looked down at his feet, "I was with her, but he compromised our plan and she took off, but he sat down before I had the chance to come back here," he said quietly.
Sherlock arched and opened his mouth further as John unbuttoned his trousers and brushed against his clothed cock. “Come on, I want you in me already, Dr. Watson,” he moaned directly into John’s ear.
Sherlock nodded furiously, "Please sir please," he moaned, pushing back against John's cock.
Seconds later John pounds deep into the taller man and releases himself deep inside him. Not three seconds later, Sherlock arches his back and comes as well, making a mess over his belly.
His eyes widened slightly and his hands clenched as he realized what he'd done before the toy inside of him flicked to the fastest speed.
John let out a shuddered sigh and sagged into the bed. Sherlock continued his ministrations until John got too worked up and began begging Sherlock to breed him again.
John smelled so lovely like this, his natural scent mixing with the pheromones all around them. Sherlock couldn't get enough of it. He tentatively moved his hand to rest on John's back and slowly leaned down to smell closer. John smelt so divine. Slick was steadily dripping down to his thighs and Sherlock gave in and licked a stripe back up to John's cleft.
Joan had just pressed publish on the newest update on her blog when Sherlock entered the flat. "Heya," Joan said, but Sherlock just continued to take off her coat and toe off her shoes, completely ignoring her girlfriend.
"I gave you every opportunity to be good, Sherlock. You didn't listen, now you will recieve your punishment," John said as he smoothed the skin on Sherlock's backside with his warm hands.
"Sherlock- it's- the hound is-" he couldn't finish a single sentence. Then he heard a deep growl echo through the room and he whined into the phone.
Sherlock tried to peel John's fingers from his wrist, but to no avail, "No, John," he said sternly, which made John freeze, "I am not your Alpha. I am not going to spend your heat with you in that way. I will assist you in any other way you need, but I cannot breed you."
John wriggled against him and hummed. "Well get used to it, because I'm thinking as soon as your knot softens, you're going to need to do it again."
He gently wiped away the mess from the detective's stomach and chest before undressing himself fully and helping Sherlock under the sheets for a long night of rest.
Sherlock didn't budge.
A few moments later, Joan's body tensed and her thighs squeezed around Sherlock's fingers as she came hard, squirting against Sherlock's palm.
John's face held no remorse as he gently pushed Sherlock's head back down to face the floor, before pulling his hand back to swing it down with force onto Sherlock's bum.
Sherlock couldn't breathe. John looked so miserable, thrashing around in the sheets, trying to find friction, begging Sherlock to help him, and Sherlock was losing control over his body to his instincts.
He eventually snapped himself out of it and changed before slipping under the covers, right before he heard the en suite door reopen. He felt the bed dip behind him and he shut his eyes tight, willing himself to calm down enough to sleep, but he was still a little wound up.
Sherlock had glared and opened his mouth to tell off Donovan before he felt the toy bump up to the medium speed. He froze and had to pretend he was focusing back on one of the bodies on the ground before he could even think of talking again.
Sherlock gaped up at her and froze for a few moments in shock. Just as Joan began to get worried, she was suddenly being rolled over so she was kneeling over Sherlock. The detective guided her blogger to kneel with her knees spread and resting on either side of the brunette’s ears.
"Be that as it may," John started, putting his hand in his pocket and keeping it there, "I have this remote, bet you didn't pay attention to what kind of plug I put into you earlier, but you're always so mindless and clumsy after sex," he said, flicking the remote to make the toy inside of Sherlock vibrate at the lowest setting.
They both moaned as the taller woman took her time, alternating between sucking one of Joan's nipples and gently using her fingers to tease the other one. After only a couple minutes of teasing, Joan began to undulate her hips towards Sherlock's body.
Joan gasped as Sherlock softly pushed her down onto the silky sheets and climbed on her to straddle her thighs. The detective easily slipped the soft t-shirt over Joan's head and smirked before leaning down to kiss at the exposed cleavage between the cups on the light pink bralette the blogger wore.
"No no no, please sir it's too big! It won't fit in me, please!"
The next day was normal. In fact, nothing interesting happened for a couple of days and John was getting antsy from not having his suppressants and being surrounded by other Alphas in the inn. But still, Sherlock wandered from location to location then back to another one to see if he had missed any clues, and John had followed him everywhere.
The lube from the bedside drawer made its way to John's hands and he warmed some up in between his fingers before slipping them down to massage the taller man's hole. He leaned up to kiss Sherlock as he slipped a finger into him.
Sherlock's eyes slipped closed as she tilted her head back, smiling widely, leaning into the touch.
The next day was almost just as eventful, except John got to pull rank at a military base and he caught Sherlock staring at him a few times afterwards. That night they ate dinner across from each other and every time another Alpha walked by, Sherlock seemed to scoot closer.
Sherlock stared wide eyed at the wriggling Omega. He had to do something before John went into a full strop and decided anything in their room would work as a replacement for the Alpha who wasn't helping him, but he had no idea what to do.
(See the end of the chapter for
sherlock gets an unexpected surprise
Sherlock bit almost all the way through his lip trying to keep from wailing. It hurt so bad. He was such a bad boy.
Sherlock's tone softened immediately, smelling John's unease, "Okay, but you need to be more careful. I'm doing my best to solve this case as fast as I can so we can get home, but you need to help me out."
thank you for reading! comments are very appreciated
“You know you want me,” a deep voice growled into Dr. Watson’s ear.
John just grinned and pushed the toy into the resisting hole beneath him. "Come on just relax. If you relax and be good and take this for me, I'll give you a reward. You want to be good for me right?"
Sherlock tried to nod but froze suddenly as the tip of the toy popped through his tight ring of muscle and began to burn hard. He gasped and grabbed at John's arms to stop him or slow him down at least. He was right, it was too big. It won't fit in him.
Sherlock wasted no time and slammed his feet against the bed as he came. Hard. He saw white and his hips twitched as he came down from his orgasm, the vibrator still going softly, overstimulating him.
Sherlock opened his mouth to say something before John reached into his pocket and pulled out the small remote. He sat back and freed his cock from his pants and flicked the vibrator on to its lowest setting.
The ride home was pretty quiet except for a, "Not funny," comment from a tall, soiled man, laying down in a doctor's lap.
In no time the kiss turned into a dirty make out and Joan was moaning for more again.
John nodded and began his assessment with basic tests like taking his blood pressure and shining a bright light in his eyes. He'd asked Sherlock to unbutton his shirt before he slowly slid the end of his cold stethoscope underneath and over Sherlock's chest. The detective gasped as John slowly rubbed the cool metal over one of his nipples. The doctor hummed and wrote a few more things down.
"Stay still, Sherlock, I'm not messing around now," John said calmly.
Sherlock chewed on his lip and considered how uncomfortable the Omega must be, then slowly tugged his pants down to reveal his completely hard cock. It was dripping from watching John writhe on the bed for so long.
John nodded and looked up to meet his eyes, "I will. Sorry. It won't happen again."
Sherlock's body jumped with the force of it and whimpered at the pain. "One," he croaked.
The dressing gown slipped completely off as they made their way out of the small bathroom and through the door to their bed, leaving Sherlock's pale lean body only covered in her lace knickers.
"Yes, sir."
"How did I get so lucky? Somehow I got the sexiest man in the world in bed with me right now. I cant wait to fuck you."
Even now at the hotel, and with a confirmation from Sherlock (with ID) that he was 20, John felt wicked for taking more of the younger man’s innocence away from him tonight. At 46 years old, John couldn’t imagine a reason why Sherlock was so into him.
John turned his head back to meet Sherlock who was leaning over him and grinned. "Never better," he said softly.
Sherlock had felt like going down to see how John's 'date' was going from a room over, to get information, of course, but as he locked eyes on Dr. Frankland getting too close to John for his comfort, he strode over and stood over John. The Omega's smell of discomfort was overwhelming and Sherlock wrapped a hand around John's wrist and tugged, "I've found precious information for the case and I require your help right now, John. Come at once," he said sternly.
and buried his face into it.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock had been talking to that Fletcher kid outside of the inn and John had got his 50 quid, which put him in a slightly better mood.
Sherlock, hazy from pleasure didn't really register John's words until he felt the blunt end of the final toy nudge against his entrance. This caught his attention.
It felt real when his cupid bow lips wrapped around John’s cock for the first time. John moaned ruggedly as Sherlock’s head slickly bobbed up and down on his thick, long cock, not taking any time to breathe or slow down.
John had him now.
Just a few minutes after he starts his ministrations, John can feel his orgasm coming along by just looking at the helpless detective sweating and moaning on the bed, so he reaches down and wraps his fingers around Sherlock's dripping cock and pumps it in time with his own thrusts.
John watched for a few more seconds, his own orgasm approaching quickly. "Then come for me, Sherlock," John said softly.
Sherlock himself was so posh and tidy with a black-on-black suit that hugged all his curves perfectly. His curls were styled and beautiful atop his head. Everything from his plush lips to gorgeous eyes were so perfect. He didn’t seem real.
Sherlock bobbed his head back and forth eagerly in small strokes and took time to press down as hard as he could, gagging around the leaking cock in his mouth. John gripped his hair and looked down at the man below, giving a short tug in questioning. Sherlock looked up under his long lashes and nodded eagerly. John grinned and began rocking his hips steadily, still gripping the ebony curls on the detective's head.
Sherlock's eyes widened as John pulled out a pretty looking black vibrator from the box. It was average sized with a small curve to it.
John just kissed his forehead and pushed the toy a little harder, the tip almost popping in. "It's okay. I've got you. Just bear down a little and then you'll be done."
thanks for reading let me know what you think and comment more prompts :)
Sherlock canted his hips high off the bed as John fucked his hole with the 3rd biggest dildo of the night. There were 4 in total, starting with the smallest, John slowly fucked his way inside to make his detective pliant and loose for him.
He flipped the vibrator to the higher setting and watched Sherlock buck his hips into the air, and claw at the sheets around him. "P-please John. Let me come please!" He moaned desperately facing his head to the doctor.
Sherlock only hummed in response and grabbed his pajamas out of his suitcase before disappearing into the en suite.
Sherlock whined loudly, trying to hold back his building orgasm, "Please, sir, I can't hold it in any longer I-" Sherlock's pleads cut off in his throat as he came, hard.
John flopped onto the bed in a full fit, his face deep in the blankets and he whined loudly to show his displeasure at Sherlock's words. "Alpha, please. Need you. Now. Right now, please," he all but begged.
However Sherlock seemed irritated as Anderson had messed with the evidence before he even had the chance to investigate, and had deduced personal things about the man that shouldn't be said out loud, to everybody.
"Anytime, baby."
After a slow few minutes of teasing Sherlock, he finally reaches over to the lube bottle on the bedside table and squeezes some onto his hand.
John smirked as he walked to the corner of the room to pull a chair up next to the bed so he could have a full view of Sherlock's flushed body with the toy sticking out of his bottom.
John chuckled and pulled back to kneel between Sherlock's pale thighs, staring down at his flushed lover.
Sherlock whined deep in the back of his throat and bent down to take the jacket off the sweating man. He had scared John so bad, he triggered a heat in the poor man.
Sherlock almost bit through his lip as he pushed back against John's face, fucking himself on John’s tongue.
Sherlock’s eyes rolled back into his head and he nodded rapidly, feeling the desk shake and rock with their thrusts.
They finally made it back to their room, thankfully before John's surprise heat fully settled in.
Two fingers slip easily into Sherlock's hole and he's panting through his nose, trying to push against John's fingers. John takes his time, scissoring his fingers and stretching the detective until Sherlock is canting his hips, trying to fuck himself on the doctor's fingers.
Sherlock huffed as John grabbed both his wrists and put them behind his back. Now he started to worry.
(See the end of the chapter for
John groaned long and low as he fucked Sherlock through his orgasm, hushing his lover as he came down from his climax.
He was still frustrated about the innkeepers not giving them a double room, but that's what they get for trying to get a room so last minute, he supposed.
“Come for me now, my Omega. Let me take care of you,” John moaned, nuzzling his face into the taller man’s neck.
Sherlock gasped slightly but nodded his consent and braced himself.
He pulls back and shoves his entire length into Sherlock. Sherlock's eyes are squeezed shut and he moans deep and long as John thrusts in and out of him.
He gladly obliged, holding her hips down against the bed firmly and went down on her with enthusiasm. He began by licking up and down her folds and stopped to suck on her clit hard, which had her begging for mercy. He pushed his tongue down a bit further and slowly sunk it into her body and began a steady rhythm of tongue fucking her. She gasped and wriggled in his grip and he slowly opened her up.
I tried to finish this for you last week, but Word was giving my sass and deleted half my work and, being as busy as i am at the moment, i didn't have time to rewrite until the other day. Thank you for your continued interest nonetheless.
“Yes, Greg, I did read it.” he drops his head into his hands and releases a long, slow breath. “Who is to say he will not invade regardless. The bastard has been looking for an excuse to do so for years.”
“What did you have in mind?” he asks, nerves and excitement waring in him.
Moriarty gives Sherlock a smile that does not reach his dark eyes, Sherlock does not look at him.
I'm a big fan of a more 'feminine' Sherlock, as far as I'm inclined to buy into gender norms-- which is not very. Regardless, I can't help but picture him as slight and sort of pretty. A bit like a dancer. Also, the version of him I want to write for this fic is slightly broken, and I'm trying to find a way to balance that with his pre-established bravado and the way he is known canonically to wear his intelligence like armor. Obviously, he and John will be falling for each other in this story, but I don't really have the patience, or desire, to have them dancing around it, you know? As far as I'm concerned, I just want our boys to be as happy as possible together as soon as possible, without rushing things. They both have their obstacles to overcome, but they're smart men, they should be able to see beyond that.
Sherlock exhales and leans his cheek on John’s sandy hair. “Nothing, everything’s alright.”
“No,” Sherlock lies, fingers twisting together, “I’ve been busy.”
Another gentle touch, careful fingers in his hair. So, indeed, he has died after all. For no one in life had ever laid such kind hands on him. The other voices, the ones further away, continued to speak; their mumbling becoming fainter. In the silent moment that followed the unknown voice’s departure a weight settles deep in his bones, dragging him under. The presence above him draws in close, bring with it the scent of tea and amber,
Back in the alley, the man who had lead him into the office is gone and Sherlock is grateful for the privacy. He retreats deeper into the alley, concealing himself in the darkest shadows before sliding down the wall and pulling the deli cup from the bag.
Later, John would not remember someone coming to him to say it was time to make his way to the ballroom, nor would he remember fleeing that ballroom an hour later when the walls seemed to be closing in on him.
“His brother would not like for him to arrive at the altar with a swollen lip,” Moran says, his voice rough but unbothered.
Lapping…
Unfurling the thick parchment John is assaulted by the header which informs him he is holding Mary Morstan’s death warrant. All that is required is his signature.
(See the end of the chapter for
The idea of John’s open, expressive face closed off behind a mask of carefully constructed indifference is utterly heartbreaking, and Sherlock feels a pang of something horrible in his chest.
From beyond the main chamber door there comes the sound of scuffling and arguing voices. John sits up a little straighter as the door swings open without warning and a woman enters.
“You already did, have you forgotten?”
Moriarty looks down at Sherlock, eyes terrifyingly empty as he seems to consider.
“They did, for most of the year. But I never went with them if I could help it.”
He carefully peers through the door expecting to see Sherlock by the window with Rosie in his arms, swaying gently back and forth. Instead he finds Mrs. Hudson. She is seated on the sofa with Rosie on her lap, and both of them are completely absorbed in the cat on the coffee table.
This draws a smile out of John and he reclines his head back against the wall.
Sherlock silences him with a kiss and pops a berry into his mouth, wincing slightly as the sour juice bursts over his tongue.
“Perhaps not in the north. But we’re a simple people. If I tell them that you and I were wed freely before the gods, they will accept us— I promise. And the moment your brother is dead, I will wed you properly. But never mind all that. Answer me simply, do you love me?”
“You compose?”  John asks, intrigued.
Sherlock raises his hand to knock on the tunnel door to John's apartment, but stalls when he hears voices on the other side. He knows he shouldn’t listen in, but his nature overwhelms his better judgment and he presses his ear to the wood.
John was missing, or worse, and there was nothing he could do.
“I apologize, your highness,” she said, voice thick.
Now no sooner had he oriented himself on the calendar then another month had gone by. The staff here was small, no more than a few people at a time, all under strict orders not to engage with their master in any way, apparently.
Next time: There is a break in Sherlock's case that changes their lives forever, and Sherlock must decide if he can continue to be a part of John's life-- that is, if John still wants him around.
Irene’s voice is soft as she wraps the cold, wet linen around Sherlock's middle to ease the swelling. Sherlock now understands that the gentleness of her touch is that of a mother.
A two women wait for him on the low front steps, skirts sweeping elegantly in the wind. Anthea, right hand to the king, he recognizes; the other dark haired woman in the fitted white gown is a stranger to him. Anthea steps forward.
They stay like that for a long time, not speaking; just breathing together, being together. John’s heart hurts, he knows all too well the fear that grips this dear man. He has seen glimpses of it in him from the day they’d met. The knowledge of it has restrained John, prevented him from pursuing Sherlock the way he so badly wants to— for fear he may cross some line and shatter the fragile trust between them.
He eases himself down onto the edge of the huge wash tub and allows her to slip his shirt off, letting it fall into the tub behind him.
“Of course I knew that,” he says, defeated.
“Then don’t give him one.”
The branches of the apple trees hang low so that Sherlock has to walk bent over to avoid snagging his curls in the leaves which form a thick canopy, blocking out the sun. The paths between the trees are narrow and only grow colder and quieter the deeper they travel into the orchard.
“But you’re so accustomed to life at court, you’ll climb the walls anywhere else,” Moriarty says, advancing slowly.
“It’s the first time I’ve kissed anyone since Mary died.”
Now, as the sun begins to set on the third day of his travels back through his homeland the crags and outcroppings that rise up around him are becoming more familiar; the cliffs where he played as a child.
The sky hung low, clouds heavy with impending rain, and thunder rolled ominously overhead. Listlessly he craned his neck to get a look at the clock on the mantle, it was after midnight. Ordinarily he would have quit his apartment the moment the manor was still, but tonight he couldn’t be bothered. He wasn’t even particularly bothered by the idea that his lethargy meant it would be another full day before he’d be able to move freely about the grounds again.
“What changed,” John asked, stroking Sherlock's arm.
There was a long silence before Greg spoke again. “We only captured three of the men connected to the assination, all of them confessed that the timing of the attack had been planned around the entire family being present at the manor. Yes, John was meant to be here, he still bares that guilt. I left immediately to find him. He was practically family, I’d known from the day he was born, I thought the news should come from me. When I arrived I was told that the prince— now the king— had been moved to a field hospital; he’d been shot.”
“Sherlock?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Services?”
“Yes, dear,” she chirps, “he’s in the sitting room.”
“Anything, love.”
The gallery was still now that the chapel doors were shut and a guard of southern troops stood watch, the small number of northern soldiers, as well as the few servants, that had accompanied the late king to his family’s ancient home had been quickly rounded up and subdued by Greg’s forces and shut up in the chapel with the wedding guests.
It takes John a moment to realize what she’s talking about.
“I just feel… I don’t know. Weird, I guess. Like I shouldn’t have done it.”
Sherlock’s face burned at the memory of holding onto John the way he had. At the way his carefully modulated voice had cracked and his defenses had crumbled with the slightest touch from John. Sherlock’s instincts screamed at him that anyone who could render him so completely helpless was not to be trusted. Someone like that could— and would— hurt him in the end.
Sherlock considers for a moment. “Yes,” he says tentatively, “yes, I think I will.”
“Tell me then,” Greg says, hands clasped behind his back, “does that sound right to you? We were trying to avoid war, not start one. I was a goddamn General at the time, David’s right hand, and I can tell you the south would never have done such a thing.”
Sherlock pushes his face into the crook of John's neck and breathes him in. John rubs broad circles across Sherlock's back as they sway slightly where they stand.
“It’s an honor to be presented to you, your highness.”
“Hush,” he breathes, and nudges gently against Sherlock until they are swaying slightly back and forth. John is relieved that he was not pushed away. Instead, Sherlock’s slender fingers twisted into his own and held on.
“My love,” John murmurs, “My one and only love.”
He had stopped himself from going to Mrs. Hudson to inquire about the post, for fear that he just simply had not received a response. In the funny way she often did, the housekeeper appeared in his room just as he was thinking of her; the woman’s timing was becoming a bit unsettling now.
of the north, no less. He suddenly feels the bite of defensiveness.
Even after so long, Sherlock remains such a mystery to John. One moment he’s snappish and maybe even a little aggressive, and the next they could sit companionably together over dinner, with John's daughter sleeping upstairs.
Greetings!
Blushing, Sherlock wonders if he will ever get used to John's names for him. He mumbles a response and shifts up to nuzzle at John's neck.
“I can see now why he was so eager to keep you around,” Greg says. His voice is still toneless, detached and professional.
“So where are you with the case?”
“Sorry,” John said quietly, “was just admiring you.”
Sherlock considers a moment, “I mostly compose on the violin.”
Sherlock's skin crawls as he recalls the stories he’d heard of the things Moriarty had done.
“Why would you get so close to the border?”
“Your fiancé pitched such a fit when he discovered that you’d disappeared. He swore that if he couldn’t have you he would tell his father our arrangement was off. That would have been inconvenient for me, Sherlock,” his voice is soft as though he were speaking to a child.
“How many were there?”
He tries to laugh with her but can’t seem to manage it. She can tell somethings amiss. Of course she can, she’s Mrs. Hudson, she can always tell.
He clears his throat and sucks in a breath.
“Nothing in particular,” John shrugs, and Sherlock can tell instantly that he is lying— his pulse begins to race. “I’ll be away from the manor for most of the day, but will you meet with me this evening?”
“No ID, no purse, no phone,” Greg says, “what do you got?”
“I should return to my apartment,” Sherlock says, clearly reluctant to let go.
He turns from Jim intending to flop onto his bed as though unconcerned, that quickly proves to be a mistake. He felt the decanter fly passed his ear before it smashed against the wall, shattering brilliantly.
Together they drifted in and out of sleep for the better part of an hour, simply being in each other’s company. John's hand crept up Sherlock's chest to his throat where his fingers curled around the silver beads still resting there.
But then he stills, an unpleasant thought halting his feet and chilling him. He had not waited to see John's reaction to his being there. He likely had not expected it. what if he didn’t want to see Sherlock?
His body aches and it seems the last of his will has gone with his breath. The greenery around him blurs and begins to fade; and so does he.
Thank you again for your continued interest and patience!
“You’re alright, Sherlock,” John whispers as Greg takes his leave, “sleep now.”
He draws in a long breath, taking in the scent of dewy leaves, the rotting bark of a nearby tree, and the perfume of the water lilies floating near the edge of the lake. He longs to shuck his boots and step into the water, the shock of the cold would send a thrill up his legs and ease the swelling from being on his feet for so many hours. But he could never abide doing such a thing anywhere within sight of his men.
“It can’t be!” exclaims the third man.
There was no question of it anymore, his time here would be ending very soon.
Sherlock gasped and nodded frantically, pushing his hips back against John’s thrusts. “Yes Alpha! Fuck me and breed me! Fill me with your pups please!” he screamed, before coming hard and painting his torso with ejaculate.
"Absolutely. Wish it didn't happen like this though. Wish were at home, mating in the safety of our flat, not scaring guests away."
John finally made it to the lacy red cloth that served as a barrier between him and the pussy beneath that already showed signs of wetness through her underwear. He pulled it down and off her legs and pressed her knees away the each other and put her glistening folds on display to the whole room.
The entire drive to the inn was filled with small pants from both parties and moans from John, as he tried to find a comfortable way to lay down.
Remember to comment, I always love hearing what you think and you can comment what you want to see next chapter :))
Sherlock sighed in relief as she released her long dark hair from the ponytail she had pulled back high on her head all day.
That night was the night he had been separated from the Alpha and he was slightly nervous to wander through the forest at night, completely vulnerable, but he had eventually made his way back to the inn to find Sherlock sitting by the fireplace, nursing a glass of alcohol.
John’s cock twitched and he bit his lip, hearing the filthy words his student spoke. He reached down and picked Sherlock up off the desk and spun him around to bend him over desk. When he looked down, he noticed a black toy sticking out of the student’s hole.
Sherlock obeyed as always and sat fidgeting with excitement as he heard John's footsteps coming down the hall.
John slowly pushed his full length back into the mewling detective beneath him, fucking him gently and at a furiously slow pace.
"Oh yeah. That's it. Your eager hole always accepts me in so easy."
Now they were locked away in their bedroom, with all the time in the world to take care of Sherlock’s heat.
John had come up with the idea of Sherlock plugged up during a case several weeks ago, but they had just stuck with small toys until the detective could get used to the publicity of it all. This time though, John had proposed they used a bigger plug, with a snug fit. Sherlock wasn't one to decline a challenge and now they were on their way to the murder-suicide crime scene Lestrade called them to. It was a promised 8.
Sherlock hiccuped and slowly stood up so he could place himself on John's lap. "I'm sorry for being bad," he mumbled into the doctor's shirt.
Sherlock wrapped his arms impossibly tighter around John and kissed the back of his neck.
Their cocks were starting to drip with pre come and they became desperate. John stood on his tiptoes, grinding against the detective's body with their cocks trapped in between.
Sherlock grinned as his eyes slipped shut, head leaned all the way back on the pillow, soaking up bliss from John's ministrations.
"Oh-oh yes! Alpha more! More!" John chanted, before clenching down on Sherlock's cock and letting out a delicious broken sounding shout and coming all over the sheets beneath him.
After a few minutes of shallow thrusting with only the tip of the toy John took it completely out and made sure it was off before putting a small dollop of lube around Sherlock's entrance.
John watched Sherlock's cock twitch as ropes of semen flowed from it and covered his stomach, completely untouched.
John obeyed and started pounding the detectives behind at a rapid rate he could barely keep up with himself.
Sherlock's orgasm took over her entire body and her juices bursted over the doctor's hand and face, and he gladly licked them away, sucking the last of it from his fingers as the detective caught her breath.
Sherlock tangled his fingers in the sheets beside him and held on for dear life as John pounded into him until he couldn't talk.
Thanks for reading! comments and kudos are much appreciated. If you want to interact with me more, my tumblr is @ryansberaga :))
John did not go any more gentle, in fact he seemed to go harder, placing the last 4 spanks right on top of each other.
“I see,” Sherlock drawls dispassionately, “and are you prepared to act upon their recommendation?”
Neither of them seem to know what to say next, and Sherlock loses himself for a moment staring into John's deep blue eyes.
John lets go of the breath he’d been holding, “Sherlock will remain here for the time being until he is able to find a new arrangement.”
“And you have a little crush, do you?” Mrs. Hudson asks as she gets up to pour their tea.
John says nothing, just pulls the sheet aside with a little smile and gestures Sherlock through. He is a little taken aback by what he finds on the other side.
John comes in behind Sherlock and pulls him down to sit beside him on the blankets.
Dawn has just barely broken and the room is filled with a soft grey light. Irene offers him a soft smile and slips from his bedchamber, leaving him alone with the woman sent to dress him for his wedding.
John just smiles.
“Manners, your highness,” she chastises affectionately. She must be very close to John indeed if she can speak so freely to a noble beneath his roof without fear of repercussion.
“Sweetheart, hush now.” John plants little kisses along Sherlock's neck and shoulder.
John waits less than a second after knocking to let himself into Mrs. Hudson’s flat. The sound of running water and the sweet smell of baking greet him as he crosses the threshold.
Screams erupt from the wedding guests as they frantically search for a way out of the room, but there is nowhere to go. The spaces on either side of the pews are rapidly filling with southern soldiers.
John strides out the room as though he had completely forgotten Sherlock was even there. Sherlock gives a demure sort of cough and crosses his limbs. He knows the posture is fussy and gives off an air of self-defense, but he is feeling exposed and raw in a way that unsettles him and his arms provide a barrier between himself and the world.
“Prince Sherlock has been staying with us and will remain for the time being,” John explains.
“My apologies,” Mrs. Hudson begins.
“It’ll be wonderful,” she coos, “we’ll finally have the life we were denied.”
“Multiple sets of foot prints in the blood.”
John’s mind is awash with seemingly endless worries to worry about and considerations to consider. As the party begins its slow plod back to the manor he is soon completely lost in his thoughts. That is why he does not hear Greg at first, though he rides beside John.
“John!”
“We would advise contacting King Mycroft immediately, your majesty.”
John would return to his chambers on the floor above, Sherlock knew exactly which door he was looking for. As he tears through the tunnels anticipation made his legs shake and his lips curved into a ridiculous grin.
“Well, when you’re on the front lines you… see things— terrible things. The sort of things that come back to you in the night to haunt your dreams.”
“Come on, now,” he instructs, and Sherlock hauls himself into a sitting position, rubbing sleep from his eyes.
John finds himself drawn in almost against his will. No, not against his will, he would later decide; but certainly against his better judgement. He is leaning in, utterly transfixed by the vision before him. Sherlock’s eyes flutter closed.
How exactly a few months had managed to feel like three life times, Sherlock didn’t know. Days blurred together so easily out here where there was nothing. Court life had at least been stimulating.
John gives a nod and plucks up the letter from where Greg had placed it on his desk. He does not see the way Greg’s face falls as he exits the room.
“Yes,” Sherlock groans, “I’m fine. That last movement strained my hand is all.”
“Perhaps, but they will be crying for vengeance once I tell them of how the southern king tortured their prince for weeks, refusing to relent until I agreed to his demands.”
Sherlock can’t seem to look at John’s face for more than a moment. “Nothing in particular,” he admits, face suddenly burning, “I simply wanted to talk with you. I enjoy talking with you.”
“I’m sorry for making you wait, I had difficulty convincing my guards to allow me to ride out unaccompanied.”
“Clear out,” Greg instructs those still at work in the room, “give us a minute.”
Amir places the deli cup on the counter and Sherlock's mouth fills with saliva and the sharp tang of his venom. He fishes a note out of his wallet with slightly shaking fingers.
In the space of only a few minutes, he and John had gone from temporary to eternal— and Sherlock knew he had at last come home.
John had not considered that. he doesn’t care. The crown should have been Sherlock's.
“Well then, what’s the problem? Two grown people can simply enjoy
John's brows rise as though he is considering something impressive. “Very good, one of the best.”
“It’s alright,” she says, voice low, “he’s gone.”
He can hear water…
Not yet.
Reluctantly they move apart, Sherlock’s eyes never leaving John’s until the heavy door closes between them.
“Yes I do,” John replies and hands Sherlock a glass of something golden.
Well, at least he was eating tonight. It didn’t happen often, but when the detective’s appetite did kick he became absolutely ravenous. Sherlock was half way through his meal before John had made a dent in his own.
She entered without a curtsey and didn’t seem to be able to look at him. He saw that her eyes were swollen. Sherlock's chest tightened and he did not speak. Though dozens of questions caught in his throat at her obvious distress, he dared not ask them.
John clears his throat. “Right then. I have observed that you are reluctant to be touched by most and, on occasion, you flinch away if someone near you moves without warning or you are come upon too quickly.”
Without hesitation, John leads Sherlock past the guard at the entrance to his corridor, never thinking to hide their clasped hands. He reaches out to open the apartment door and Sherlock steps just inside the threshold before turning back and fixing John with tentative eyes.
Sherlock does look up then, arched brow quirked.
“No,” Sherlock croaks. His throat has constricted unbearably, trying to swallow blood he hasn’t even tasted yet.
I terrifying yet invigorating thrill races through Sherlock's body and he feels his throat constrict.
The smell of sex and sweat hangs in the damp air of John's bed chamber. He lies with his head pillowed on Sherlock's chest and Sherlock plants little kisses in his hair.
She freezes when she catches sight of John and Sherlock. How absurd they must look, John muses, cheeks burning. The two of them in bed, John straddling Sherlock's thighs.
It’s been some time since they last talked like this, just the two of them alone, sheltered in the privacy of their home where they could be honest with each other.
Something distinctly unpleasant settles in John’s stomach, “Oh, yes,” he stammers, “yes, I spoke with him.”
A smile spreads across his face.
Something wet presses against his lip, and the resulting sting pulls him from his thoughts. Irene’s face is passive but not cold as she holds a wet cloth to Sherlock's face. He takes it from her and she looks down at his chest, silently asking permission to touch him; he nods.
He begins to move away only to back into a chair, and he is just barely able to contain the squeak that rises in his throat.
He forces the dream from his mind. As he sinks back into reality he is struck with a sudden and vicious pang of dread as he sees that the grey dawn has begun to peak in through the curtains.
“Mycroft,” Sherlock says with a calm he doesn’t feel, “you have me now, leave them be.”
They fall silent for a time.
“That is where I found you,” John offers by way of explanation and Sherlock feels John's fingers tighten around his waist.
He had never done it to himself before, it never seemed worth the effort and the thought of someone else being the first to do it made him feel exposed and a little afraid.
“Hello, Molly,” John hopes he sounds pleasant. “Is the prince here?”
Something in the way he says this has Sherlock narrowing his eyes.
John brings Sherlock's cold hand to his lips.
“No, no!” John cries, “Sherlock, open your eyes. We’re going home, and everything will be just as it was. We’ll be together again, we’ll be so happy, I promise.”
Lapping…
Sherlock wants to obey, but the bone-deep cold he feels and the shock of the pain in his arm have him twisting in the sheet.
Sherlock pulls a freshly rosined bow across the strings and chuckles at the screech it elicits, “Horribly out of tune, though.”
Next time: Sherlock has an unpleasant encounter, and possibly makes a new ally.
“No. Or rather, not very often. She simply ignored me. She went far out of her way to pretend as though I did not exist. Whenever she would avert her eyes from me I longed to be struck. Kicked, shoved, shouted at, anything.”
“I’m sorry about that,” John says, returning to stand by Sherlock.
They stare into each other’s eyes. Sherlock feels his resolve harden, a bravery he’d never known flaring white hot within him.
“Good evening, boys,” she chirps, “I’ve brought your tea.”
“You can, I’ll understand, whatever it is.”
For long minutes, Sherlock attends to the instrument in his hands, and John is perfectly content to watch the graceful lines of his body in the moonlight. It’s just as he is beginning to imagine pulling the silk dressing gown from the prince’s lightly muscled shoulders that Sherlock breathes, “Ah, there we are.”
references to past child abuse and physical violence. i tried to keep it a little more vague this time, because we will get into it a little more in chapter eleven.
I am on a freaking roll right now, y'all! Someone very generously got me coffee in the middle of writing this so i had to stop to go get it, and when i came back to it the spark was gone. You know how that happens? So i feel like there is a pretty obvious tonal shift half way through, but whatever.
Sherlock’s eyes are sad and resigned. “Even if you could make me believe that, what difference would it make?”
She clears her throat and wrings her hands.
“It’s alright,” John’s whispers, turning his hand and interlacing their fingers, “I lost myself in my thoughts for a moment, that’s all.” He tries on a smile, but it sits falsely on his features.
,” he mumbles.
As always, your comments are so appreciated.
What more could be taken from him before he finally broke, he wondered.
As his party broke the tree line his heart had squeezed at the sight of the small army that awaited him. The northern troops that had been sent to collect him far outnumbered the southern manor guards that had been his protectors. A show of strength orchestrated by his brother, no doubt.
Jon shifted uncomfortably, he had never spoken with his landlady about this sort of thing before.
Sherlock sucks languidly on John's tongue, something he’d discovered John loved, and he finds the response of fingertips pressing hard into his back very gratifying.
“I’ve just come to put away the linens.”
It seemed now that Sherlock had begun to speak, the words were coming more easily. John still wasn’t sure if Sherlock really wanted to be explaining this, but he remained where he was all the same.
“Absolutely not.”
John did not see Sherlock again for five days. He had stood in that tunnel utterly dumbstruck, watching him flee. The familiar pain of rejection bit at his lungs, and he’d had to force himself not to chase after the prince. Through the haze of hurt and embarrassment, the sound part of John’s mind explained to him that if Sherlock had retreated after responding the way he had to John’s touch, something must have been wrong— and chasing after him would not be welcome.
He wordlessly hands the warrant back to Greg and as he does a folded paper slips out and onto the floor. He plucks the page from where its fallen on his boot and peels it open, waving Greg to go.
Warm blood trickles down his arm from where his hand is pressed against the tear along the side of his neck. The room begins to spin around him but he cannot take his eyes from the form before him.
(See the end of the chapter for
John nodded and obeyed. He picked out a button up with a red jumper and some khakis, then turned to Sherlock with his arms held out.
Sherlock just can't seem to listen.
Sherlock suddenly stood up and wrapped his coat around himself, yelling a quick, "It was the sister," before sprinting off to the main road to flag down a taxi. John chuckled and followed the crazy man.
He was scared out of his mind, locked inside of that cage in the lab. He could tell he was giving off helpless scents, begging any Alpha near to come save him.
"Your cock is so lovely. Always long and pretty, dripping for me," John said softly, leaning forward to take a long lick from base to tip. Sherlock's hips jerked and he groaned low in his chest.
(See the end of the chapter for
John grinned at the state his lover was in and reached down to grab Sherlock's cock, sending jerks and shivers through the younger man's body.
After several slow, short pumps in and out of the taller man, John bottoms out inside of him and Sherlock is whimpering and John decides it's finally time to give him what he wants.
Sherlock nervously used his index finger to feel John's quivering, slick hole, before dipping the tip in.
Sherlock nodded once, "Well it's the least I could do, but please do try and keep your scents under control, it is quite distracting."
It quickly became too much for the inexperienced student as he felt himself come closer to the brink of climax. He pulled away, panting, and leaned up to John’s ear. “Hurry and open me up so you can fuck this virgin hole,” he growled hungrily into his professor’s ear.
Sherlock emerged and went to the desk in the corner of the room, to go to his mind palace, probably. The double bed problem probably won't even be a problem with how often Sherlock actually goes to bed and sleeps.
The next thing Sherlock is aware of is John's voice whispering to him through the haze of sleep.
“It will only serve to agitate him further. He’s exhausted, and that wrist will have to be set, but I doubt there’s anything that a week of rest and few good meals won’t be able fix. I’ll set his wrist myself.”
He presses his face into John's neck and sobs, relief flooding his body.
“I am sure it does,” Sherlock deposits the beads back into John’s waiting palm without turning to look at him, his fingers linger on the skin of John’s wrist.
“You’re a spy,” Sherlock says.
He has to force his voice past the lump rising in his throat. To Sherlock's surprise, John cracks a bitter smile.
Thanks for reading! Comments are appreciated so much
The dressing gown slipped completely off as they made their way out of the small bathroom and through the door to their bed, leaving Sherlock's pale lean body only covered in her lace knickers.
Sherlock bit his lip slightly, in worry. John surely wouldn't actually hurt him...would he? There's only one way to find out, his brain told him.
Very slowly, Joan's hands wandered downward, slipping the dressing gown off the taller woman's shoulder's and following her own fingers with her lips, kissing a soft trail down Sherlock's arm, and down her back.
He gently ran his fingers through those dark curls before Sherlock broke the silence. "Thanks for taking care of me, daddy." He murmured quietly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock slipped two slick fingers down and into Joan's entrance and began to finger fuck her. John threw her head back hard and began panting as Sherlock pumped her arm heavily, curling her fingers and hitting Joan's g-spot with practiced ease.
John stopped for a second to contemplate, "If you get through these next four without making a noise, your punishment will be over. If you can't do it, I will add five more," he said sternly.
As soon as Sherlock recovered from the suddenness of the heat surrounding him, he began moving in and out, gradually increasing the pace and started fucking the man beneath him.
Once the gag is snug in his mouth, John continues his journey along Sherlock's body with light fingers, running them along his ribs and up to play with his nipples a bit. Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut and whimpers, pressing his body into John's touch.
Sherlock once again flushed a deep red at the doctor's words, but did as he was asked and bent over with his arse on full display. John wasted no time getting a tube of lube out and squeezing some on his fingers, rubbing them together to make them warm, and slowly massaging his way into Sherlock's hole.
Sherlock threw his head back in ecstasy as John thrusted in and out of him, his own cock swinging back and forth under him. "Oh yeah oh fuck! Fuck me harder, daddy!" He yelled into a pillow he had bit down on previously.
"One"
Joan closed her laptop and went to stand up to go make a cuppa when Sherlock came and pinned her arms down to the chair. "I want you on the bed, on your back, no clothes and legs spread by the time I'm in there," she growled in the shorter woman's ear.
Once John bottomed out in his student, he began to slowly start rocking in and out, setting a slow but increasing pace. Eventually he came to place where he could comfortably thrust deep into the boy, feeling the rough clench around him when he hit Sherlock’s prostate with the tip of his cock.
Sherlock wriggled on the bed and moaned into John's mouth as he felt John's finger pump in and out of him, a second one added moments later.
"My fingers slipped in rather easily Mr. Holmes. Feels like I could fit three fingers in here."
Sherlock groaned long and low and grasped the sheets and writhed as John began to frot against his cock, quick and hard.
He got to work quickly on sucking and stroking John until he also reached his climax. He came and painted several white stripes on the detective's face. Sherlock licked up what he could reach with his tongue and smiled up at John.
Sherlock whimpered quietly and very unhappily before turning back around to go back to the crime scene, the plug still buzzing softly deep inside his bum.
Lust immediately clouded John's eyes again and he began to slowly pump the dildo in and out of the quivering man below him, going a little deeper each time.
"Daddy! Give it to me hard, daddy! Fuck me!" Sherlock groaned through gritted teeth as John slowly rubbed his cock against the taller man's opening.
Confusion and frustration play across Sherlock’s face and he bites down hard on his lip. John kneads Sherlock’s waist and smiles up at him with as much warmth as his twisting stomach will allow.
Greeting, dear reader!
John feels something distinctly uncomfortable lodge in his chest.
The other men, one soldier and one surgeon, open their mouths to protest. Their objections never make it past their lips, however. No objections are ever spoken in the face of Greg Lestrade’s glower.
“Apparently, James Moriarty was desperate to find Sherlock and secure his place in the line of succession, and Mary was sent to us in hopes of finding some evidence tying us to Sherlock's disappearance, so at least Moriarty would have something to offer Mycroft to remain in his good graces while he continued his search. She never expected to find the man himself.”
He was concerned when he first observed this back when they’d first met. But John has since accepted that Sherlock's lack of desire to take proper care of himself will inevitably result in bouts of poor health. No that Sherlock would has even once admitted to being ill.
Hours pass.
It's endlessly tender when their lips finally meet. Sherlock is so tentative and unsure that John thinks his heart may well and truly fall to pieces. For a moment, deep tension creeps into Sherlock’s frame before it melts away with a sigh. John’s arms wrap around the other man’s narrow waist and Sherlock’s fingers card through his hair. Sherlock closes the rest of the distance between their bodies by pressing himself to John, who can feel every angle and plain of him like this.
“Yeah, I was content with just talking but she came into my office as I was getting ready to leave tonight and…” he clears his throat and crosses his arms.
John thinks,
He would have expected Moriarty’s face to be triumphant and smug, but where he anticipated arrogance there was only stillness; this was business to him.
he wants to asks.
“Not at all, we’ve only lost a teacupl,” John says with a smile and reaches to collect the broken pieces.
“Yes?” his voice comes out a hoarse whisper.
Without thinking Sherlock sinks into John's chair, ignoring the one opposite where he would normally sit. He tucks his knees up to his chin and buries his face in them.
I was only eighteen when I enlisted, and when all was said and done I was to become king. I always knew Mary was ambitious, but I would have thought being queen would be enough. But who the hell wants to rule a drowning kingdom?”
Sherlock does not respond.
“I don’t believe you.”
But those few days turned to weeks and soon the blaze of summer began to give way to autumn. Nothing seemed to have changed between himself and John, if the king were indeed preparing to marry, he certainly wasn’t letting it effect his time with Sherlock.
John looks as though he’s going to speak, and Sherlock scrambles for something to say, if only so that he doesn’t have to hear his pointless sympathy. He clears his throat as his eyes land on the rope of silver beads wrapped around John’s hand.
The fear that burned anew in him then had nothing to do with the new and world-altering realization that he was in love. No, it was not that the cold and calculating Sherlock Holmes, ice prince of the north was deeply, madly, passionately in love with the king of the south. No, it was the idea that he may never get to tell John how he feels.
“Alright!” John calls to the party gathering further down the bank, “Let’s get home.”
He forces his eyes to focus and, with what little strength he can muster, he turns his face up. His weary gaze is met by a pair of deep blue eyes that could very well have been staring straight into his soul. Light golden skin and sandy hair… beautiful. He wants to speak, wants to hear the voice again. But he can no longer fight the weight and, in an instant, he is slammed into darkness.
“Well, then,” John breathed, making every hair on Sherlock’s body stand to attention, “you should return to your bed.”
He feels a flicker of anxiety as he hears the stopper pulled from the vial with a small pop. John shifts to kneel between Sherlock's legs, which fall open willingly for him, despite his nerves Sherlock trusts this man.
“May I ask what manner of mistreatment?”
“That thing where you touch people and you see things.”
“Would you play for me?”
Only a few more years before it becomes very obvious that Sherlock's hair has not gone grey the way John's has, or that his face is almost unchanged from the day they met. Only a few more years before he will have to break John's heart again, or sooner if he should ever discover the truth.
“Was she any good?”
Greg spoke up. “It seems she’s done a bit of work for Lord Moriarty of the East in recent years.”
“I would have thought by now your brother would have taught you not to talk back.”
It’s Greg that pulls him from his memories with a hand on his shoulder.
That’s just how Sherlock is, and John knows he will love him until his very last breath.
He feels himself calming slightly, anchored and soothed by John's presence, their separation at last concluded.
He all but crashes through the glass doors and out into the garden, pulling in the cool night air as though he’d been drowning. The yard is mercifully empty. He knew there would be guardsmen watching from the windows, but for now, John revels in the solitude.
“I love you,” John murmurs.
They walk along one of the paths that branches off from the garden and soon find themselves at the orchard. Sherlock does not ask where exactly they are headed, he simply allows himself to be lead.
Sherlock's chest tightened with anticipation.
“I think,” John begins through shallow gasps, “perhaps, we should stop this before...” John allows the silence to complete his thought.
John sighs a laugh and presses a light kiss to Sherlock's lips.
He rises from the edge of the bed and stretches his sore body before stripping off his coat and boots and climbing into bed with his love for the last time.
“What news?” the king asks.
“Because I always send him regular reports when he is away from home, he likes to know that all is well here. You may use my set, if you like.”
Something in Sherlock's words caught John's attention.
Sherlock places a wide palm against John's chest. “Yes, I do. It’s true, I was— am— betrothed to the son of an eastern lord, but I never wanted to be.” His fingertips press hard into John's skin.
Sherlock breaks their kiss and sucks in a ragged breath to whisper, “I love you, too.”
“Yes, Greg,” John says, clearing his throat, “what is it?”
A silence come over them both as they stare at each other. Sherlock can still feel that heavy thing in his chest.
“No.” Again, the response from Sherlock is clipped and detached. “I have found that when other’s… learn of it they regard me differently. They look on me as though I may break with the slightest touch. There are times I feel I will.”
“That cannot matter to you now,” Greg says firmly. “But for what it’s worth, I think you’re wrong. He will understand.”
John nods to her as she leaves.
“My brother— that is, the king— has suggested that I take some time away from court,” he is almost proud of how measured his voice is.
“Alright,” Greg leads, “then, how do you want to proceed?”
“Deer?” John whispered back.
He felt his face flush, he never spoken this way to anyone. Well he’d never felt this way about anyone, as trite and that sounded to his own ears.
If his army is successful in seizing the capitol, he will have done his job. He will have assured the safety of his people, so he will feel no remorse when he goes.
“Sherlock,” John's voice comes again.
Sherlock tries to speak, tries to tell the blue-eyed man that he’s still here— for now— but he is much too tired. Instead, he rubs his cheek against the stranger’s soft collar, the effort of even that slight movement straining his shoulders.
“Mrs. Hudson,” he calls, “your cat was locked outside.”
Sherlock isn’t aware of how much time passes, he focusses solely on maintaining consciousness. All he knows is that, in what feels like only seconds that somehow seemed to have stretched themselves over many hours, the rocking of the horse beneath him has stopped and there is a general commotion from every direction. He hates the noise.
“This doesn’t mean that he’s—” she couldn’t seem to bring herself to say it. “For all we know he’s perfectly safe and unharmed.”
“John,” Sherlock says carefully, placing his foot over John's, “I understand that you once attempted to take your own life.”
“Oh right,” John says, shifting a little in his chair and clearing his throat, “of course.”
He dips into a bow towards Gorge Moriarty. “My Lord,” he says calmly.
The cat is watching them, pale eyes fixed intently on John. It’s almost as if its looking right through him. Even though he has been seeing this cat for years every time John is caught under its gaze he feels his hackle rise a little. All cats are a bit creepy, but this one could be particularly unsettling.
They pull apart with a wet noise and harsh gasps, John nuzzling his nose into Sherlock’s neck and kissing the line of his prominent clavicle. There is an intimacy in the gesture that startles Sherlock a little.
His legs kick out blindly but he cannot get his feet under him long enough to stand. Even if he could it would make no difference with his arms pinned under Moran’s knee. He is lightheaded, his chest burns with every shaky inhale and he can hardly see through the stars that dance before his eyes.
“He will never forgive me,” he croaks, refusing to allow himself to cry.
“You likely only know of him by the reputation he gained during the war. Even though he was still quiet young, he managed to make a rather terrifying name for himself.”
Mycroft turns then and strides easily back to the door.
The room is cold in the dark hours, no fire has been lit and wintery air drifts in with the moonlight. John shivers and he longs to reach out and press himself to Sherlock, but he knows he will find no warmth there, not anymore.
Sherlock wonders if it would be appropriate to inflict his loneliness on John while he is away from his home on business. A part of him wants badly to share with John how he wishes they were together in this moment, but another part recoils from the idea of deliberately opening himself up in that way.
“Touch me,” he murmurs.
He stepped forward, head high as the line of northern troops parted to reveal the carriage that waited behind them. As he crossed the space between the heaven he’d hidden in and the hell that awaited, he resolutely did not look back.
Sherlock swallows down the painful lump in his throat. “I won’t,” he croaks.
“I could maybe send out a bird for you, what’s wrong?”
John reaches up to run his fingers along the sheets propped in the stand above the keys, a fond smile pulling at his lips, “My mother used to play this.”
“Tell me what’s wrong.”
“I can’t do that, Sherlock.”
John hums his agreement before pushing Sherlock back onto their bed.
“Hush, love,” John soothes and pulls Sherlock back to crash their lips together, “It’s alright now.”
The long room is empty, mourners will not be permitted in until morning, but John insisted they come down now so as to have this over with before Sherlock must lead the funeral service for his brother.
She makes a knowing sound and sips her tea.
“No, I—” Sherlock stammers, he never stammers, “no, it’s alright.”
~Meli
So we’ve reached our climax, hope I did it justice.
John’s lips purse as he seems to consider something, “I don’t think that’ll be necessary.”
Sherlock lowers himself into a bow.
“Cabinet meeting?” John replies innocently. He can’t stop the corner of his mouth from twitching up.
Greg shuffles a bit and clears his throat.
John waits quietly, blood gone cold, watching Sherlock’s face intently as a darkness creeps across his ashen features.
“Sir,” a voice speaks from the door of the chamber, and Sherlock goes cold.
“I enjoy talking with you, too,” John says, his voice low and soft. A sadness comes over John’s features, a look Sherlock has seen before. It was as if something painful had just come back to him in full, vivid detail. Sherlock watches as the fond, little smile that had softened John’s face gives way to hardness and steel as his jaw begins to work.
“A pack?”
John’s heart breaks a little for the man sitting before him, but he dares not interrupt.
This chapter contains a bit of violence.
With that, James Sholto bows and exits without looking back.
Sherlock feels John’s weight push against him, and he allows himself to be pressed into the back of the sofa. One strong arm remained around Sherlock’s narrow waist to support him while the other hand ran, open palmed, along his thigh to the place behind his knee— hitching him closer. Sherlock’s mouth opened willingly, eagerly, to John’s questing tongue and he arched, bending his long frame to press himself chest to chest with John. The moan that rumbles deep in the king’s broad chest makes Sherlock grow warm, his entire body feeling as though it had been filled with something hot and thick.
John in on his feet and in Greg’s face before he realizes he has stood. “Do you think I want to? Do you think that after fighting tooth and nail all these years to keep us from war, I would give in now? That after everything I have sacrificed for this country, I would throw it all away?”
John wraps his arms around Sherlock's waist.
Selfishly, Sherlock wished he would reject her.
“You’re so beautiful,” John murmurs, a smile curling his lips despite the pain in his chest.
They turn back to face each other. Sherlock has gone ridiculously red, pale skin burning with embarrassment. Their eyes only meet for a moment before they are breaking down into helpless laugher.
Greetings,
Sherlock is miserable.
Begrudgingly Sherlock cracks one eye open and does his best to glare at John.
Sherlock's mind wanders as he waits for dawn to break. He imagines a life spent here in the south; with John. He can see it so clearly. Mornings spent cocooned in bed, and afternoons exploring each other in the cool waters of the lake. Evenings entwined on the library sofa, and night passed peacefully in each other’s arms.
Life in the manor became too busy for John to make another attempt to see Sherlock again for the next two days. Now that the guests for the summit had arrived, it was all hands on deck for the final preparations to begin. This meant that as his staff were spending their every waking hour working until they ached, and John spent his forcing a smile while he entertained his nobles and their parties.
Sherlock melts into him, arms wrapping around John and holding tight, as though this wonderful man were the only thing keeping him tethered to the earth. He presses a hard, sucking kiss to John's neck and revels in the sound it elicits.
When John’s voice comes after a silence that seems to go on for hours, it is terrifyingly kind, “I’m sorry.”
John glances down at Sherlock's slack face. He has lost so much already this day, to condemn someone who had once been so dear to him to death— he fears it may kill him as well. He cannot bear another loss, not now. In truth, he does not know how he will go on when all this is done.
Sherlock wants to tell John that everything will be alright, but he is so tried.
Rosie is perched on Mrs. Hudson’s hip, begrudgingly allowing her to clean her little hand with a wet flannel.
“I am still unused to this,” Sherlock reminds him.
As if summoned by his name Sherlock drifts through the kitchen door on silent feet. It’s a bit freaky the way he does that.
“Promise me that whatever happens, you won’t let go.”
John drops down to sit cross-legged on the hearth rug, pitcher of wine in hand. “Come here, love.”
Sherlock had suffered through every violent shudder and each horrible blow alone, cut off entirely from the world around him. Aching deeply for some kind of human connection. Though he would never admit to it.
“That man, James Sholto.”
Jim remained a source of hope for the young prince. Even after his first breakdown and lapse into what his older brother would call
he thinks.
Sherlock's expression remains completely blank. He’s good at hiding how much he enjoys this.
John hushes him with the press of his thumb to his lips.
John has only been away from the manor for six days, but to Sherlock's ever-racing mind, it has felt like a year.
Sherlock gives a little shrug.
“He said I wouldn’t like what I found when I arrived— he was wrong.”
“Of course they do, that’s the problem. They come here as landlords and masters for me to fortify their hope and conviction so that they may return to their own and pass on the good cheer. But we all know that even though the war is long ended, we are still losing the battle.” He looks up into Sherlock’s eyes. “Hope the only thing my people have left.
to what are you referring?”
(See the end of the chapter for
God, he needs water…
The way she purposefully avoids touching him does not escape his notice. The detachment with which servants typically interact with their masters is something Sherlock would have considered the natural way, had he considered servants at all; but that was before John. Before he learned how genuine the bond between staff and employer could be. before he understood how genuine the bond between people could be.
John nods for him to continue and Greg pulls a rolled document from his pocket.
When at last his bleary eyes focus he is startled to see a face he has had memorized for nine years grown handsome with maturity.
“You were thinking of me?” he repeats stupidly.
Lips only inches apart Sherlock whispers, “I want you, only you.”
He takes the steps two at a time.
Without a word, John hands the damned thing over and wills himself not to vomit.
John feels as though the floor has dropped out from under him
God, he needed water.
“Well,” John huffs a humorless laugh, “in a way it is her business now that she’ll be living in the south again. But no, she came to propose marriage.”
“I will.” His voice sounds far away and very small.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mary’s voice comes from further away, “They’ll approve,” she says, “they did the first time.”
He could… He could…
When their laugher has faded to giggled, and then to contented chuckles, Sherlock grips John's shirt and pulls him in.
“Oh, god, John!” he moans. “Fuck!”
Sherlock slips from the bed on leaden legs and begins to pace.
The man looks over then and gives Sherlock a wave, and Sherlock crosses the empty street.
“Your advisors wish me gone,” Sherlock says, and John is brought up short. Not only by the statement, unnerving though the observation is, but by the voice that delivers it— no longer rasping and broken, but deep and sensual.
Sherlock squared his shoulders and stepped lightly from the coach despite the quaking in his legs. This was actually happening; he was going back.
The tunnels are so dark that Sherlock can hardly see, but the feeling of John pressed against him is so familiar he doesn’t need to see to know its him.
“I apologize,” he murmurs, “I did not mean to make you uncomfortable. It isn’t any business of mine. But please, Majesty, allow me to remain here for a little while longer— only until I can find another place to go.”
The body lies sprawled on the bare concrete floor, vacant eyes staring unseeing at the patchy ceiling.
John bites down on the anger roiling in his stomach and says as evenly as possible, “I can take guesses if you’d prefer. You could simply answer yes or no.”
Sherlock's entire body tenses and he takes a reflexive step back.
“Oh, darling,” John breathes, carefully wiping his face.
Sherlock paced the servant’s tunnels endlessly, too manic to rest for even a moment. Each time he tried to sit and gather his thoughts, rising panic would drive him to his feet again. He wanted to hit something, to smash his fists against the wall until they bled. But his anger was a futile one.
Greg takes the paper cautiously, hesitant to read the king’s correspondences. John hears the crack of the thick stock as it unfolds.
Sherlock's brows knit in confusion.
"Good day, Majesty."
He doesn’t hear John's agonized wail when he is slammed into darkness.
John then seems to remember Sherlock's presence.
John presses Sherlock down in to the mattress and plants a kiss on his lips. Sherlock, trying his best to focus through the haze of arousal, pulls at John's still buttoned shirt.
John feels his eyebrow rise.
WARNING!
Eventually John requests permission with a fervent look, and Sherlock nods his assent; biting back a gasp as John's finger breeches his body.
Sherlock feels something like hope suddenly bubble up in him and he is through the nearest tunnel door in a heartbeat. He flew down a narrow flight of stairs only just wide enough to fit into and ran as fast as he could in the confined space, bare feet clapping against the stone floor.
Sherlock's eyes glint, “I can smell her on you.”
Throughout their exchange, Sherlock had been moving closer to John without realizing, finally coming to lean his hip against the table only inches from the king.
Sherlock has an epiphany!
Sherlock gives a little smile in return as the door opens and Mrs. Hudson wheels in her little tea cart laden with fragrant tea and fresh pastries.
Carefully, Sherlock unwraps the fingers protecting his wounded arm and presents his hand to John. The king takes Sherlock’s long, boney hand in his smaller, callused ones and tenderly runs his fingers over the inflamed joint. He applies the barest pressure to the swelling, and Sherlock stifles a hiss.
Sherlock felt stupid, so very, very stupid. He had let sentiment run away with him. He had been so consumed by the feeling of falling for John, that he had not stopped to consider if John returned his feelings— or if he did, how fervently. If he had only stepped back for a moment to observe, this would not have happened.
“Yes, if you must.”
“Oh, darling, I thought I’d lost you.”
“Jim, please,” James replies.
It was Sherlock's desire to be unobtrusive that had driven him out of his apartment three nights prior while a mousy girl with long hair— Mary? Millicent? Molly?— tidied his still very orderly rooms. As he’d been reaching for the door, he’d spied what looked to be a dislodged wall panel at the far end of the entry; thus, he’d stumbled upon the old servant’s tunnels. The passages were rarely used, a conclusion supported by the many layers of cob webs draped from the low ceilings and the thick coating of dust on the cracked floors. The tunnels were narrow and dark throughout, but so long as Sherlock remembered to stay low and keep a hand on the wall for balance, they proved to be very useful for roaming the manor after dark.
This chapter was written little by little over the past few weeks so i apologize if it feels a bit disjointed.
Sherlock had to bite back a laugh. “My what?”
“I’ve heard some compliment him that the walking stick makes him seem…
With a sigh he turns on his heel and leaves.
“Hello, my dear,” Jim Moriarty greets him with a smile that does not reach his eyes.
Greg, and at least two other men by the sound of it, clumsily haul themselves up the rise calling, “Majesty, what’s happened?”
Mrs. Hudson sniffed and placed a hand on his shoulder.
I'm very much looking forward to the next chapter!
When they are gone John breaths a great sigh of relief. He dips his head to speak closer to Sherlock’s ear, “You’re going to be alright,” he murmurs, “Hold on for me, can you do that?”
As always thank you for your continued interest in this tale and your continued patience with me as i write it. I look forward to your comments!
“John,” Sherlock breathes against his lips, and John’s knees begin to shake.
He scoffs. Does Mycroft expect him to run now?
John waits, hands clasped behind his back.
Greetings!
Sherlock wants to argue, but what could he say?
Sherlock takes in a shallow breath. “I don’t know.”
“I am glad to be home at last, I can’t tell you how tedious life in the north has become of late.”
And Sherlock does.
“I hoped I would get to see you today,” the king whispers, placing his hands on Sherlock’s hips. Sherlock, as though he had been doing this all his life, lets his long arms drape over John’s shoulders.
Sherlock’s head tilts in confusion, “If there is an established practice, how is that not the most important aspect?”
John was alive, and Sherlock was so giddy with relief that he had not stopped to consider whether or not John had received that damned letter. There was still the very real possibility that John had not wanted to read the things that Sherlock had written. And if he had not wanted to hear those sweet but vague words, he certainly would not want to hear all the rest of it.
Sometime later, lying entangled in the stillness of the dark room, John listens carefully to Sherlock's breathing. He knows the prince isn’t sleeping, but he doesn’t want to disrupt this moment.
John gives a playful chuckle, “I am touching you.”
There is a sharp wrapping at the door and Sherlock backs away abruptly, startling them both.
Ice stills Sherlock’s heart, anger bubbling through him. “How dare—”
John sits beside him as runs his fingers lightly over Sherlock's cheek and down his neck, slipping them beneath his collar. He hooks his finger around a strand of beads he finds there and pulls free a familiar chair of silver prayer beads; he may be sick.
He did not sleep but rather drifted in the place just beyond wakefulness. There he remained for what may have been hours. It was in that dreamless place that a long forgotten memory came back to him.
Sherlock makes a noise of assent and lapses into silence again.
“I thought… I thought…”
John narrows his eyes and fixes Sherlock with a withering glare, “How do you know?”
“Come on, love, open your eyes, I’m here. Please, Sherlock.”
Greg whistles low and ominous, “He’s supposed to be dead.”
But before he can ask what he means, John continues.
“It’s alright, love. Breathe, I have you.
Tears were falling freely down Sherlock’s face now. What a terrible thing for someone so young to have endured, he thought. Poor John— poor, lovely John. He began twisting his fingers together so tightly he lost feeling in the tips.
Pillars of lamp light from the garden cut across the floor of Sherlock's room. He had extinguished the candles when the glare of the flames had begun to hurt his eyes. He lay the wrong way on his bed so that he could catch a glimpse of the sky through the window. Ambient light blocked the stars from view but he could just see the half-moon emerging from behind a voluminous cloud.
Sherlock’s hands slide from John’s hair, down his neck, to his shoulders; and John find himself absently rubbing circles in the small of his back. He takes one of Sherlock’s hand’s to kiss his knuckles.
“Do you think they will believe that? They believe what I tell them. They believed me when I told them the south assassinated our parents, they will believe me now. Though truthfully, I do not need my people’s approval. Once I have the eastern troops behind me I will destroy the southern kingdom, burn it to the ground and salt the earth. And when the smoke clears, you will watch John Watson die slowly; as expiation for your betrayal.”
“I’ve not forgotten,” John replies in a way that says he understands Sherlock's inexperience and subsequent timidity, and that he would never dare betray the trust placed in him.
He cannot hear it clearly.
It is high summer, the only warm part of the year in the far north and Sherlock tilts his face to the sky to feel the sun. He feels free and happy as he watches his beloved dog romp, Redbeard seems even more excited than he is to be out of the palace and hidden away behind the cliffs where no one will bother them. The hum of the stream fills his awareness and swells until it becomes almost a roar.
John's voice vanquishes Sherlock's unease and he lets him in completely. It doesn’t take long before Sherlock is rocking back against John, meeting his thrusts and begging for more.
John directs a debilitating glare him and the man blanches, “He has done us no wrong.”
Relief carries the tension from Sherlock’s frame and he feels himself sink deeper into the mattress. He stares up into John’s gentle eyes.
He could simply borrow a horse from the stables and ride out to find John himself. No, he didn't know the south and though it may feel worth the risk to find John, rationally he knows it isn’t wise to chance getting lost himself or discovered.
John pulls Styrofoam containers from the delivery box and peeks inside to inspect the contents before placing them on their respective sides of the table.
The room is large with a high ceiling and a plush bed on a platform against the far wall, tapestries and paintings of all sizes obscure the pale stone walls. Someone has lit a fire in the hearth and the atmosphere within this familiar space is almost welcoming.
Weeks later, Sherlock would not remember exactly what happened next. He wouldn’t be sure if Moriarty left the room after he placed a soft kiss to his neck. Or if he had bolted from his own apartment.
“Good morning, my sweet,” John coos, and sits beside his love.
John fights the urge to say something he’ll regret.
“Good evening, brother dear.”
“We must keep moving,” he says, eyes darting back and forth on alert for anyone who may have followed them. He opens his mouth to encourage Sherlock again to stand but words seem to die in his throat when he sees his face.
John Watson made the world beautiful. He made Sherlock's world beautiful.
“Please return to your chambers, rest,” the king insists, and the crowd parts so that he can ascend the stairs.
What feels like only seconds later, he is being lowered into something cool and soft that gives beneath his weight; a bed, he realizes as a thick blanket is pulled up to his chin. The sudden warmth of the nearby hearth makes the chills rippling through his muscles all the more unbearable, and he shivers violently.
He travels back to where John stands at the piano as he tunes the violin and comes to stand a few feet away from him. In the following hours John will try to reason with himself that he could have prepared himself for what was coming, though will know it in his heart to be false. For when Sherlock pulls the bow over the strings John is instantly and completely entranced.
“Neither do I. I’ve not seen much of you these past few days, have you been avoiding me?” John’s tone is playful, but there is something underneath it that gives Sherlock pause; concern. Sherlock stares fixedly at the back of the bench in front of him, determined not to meet John’s eyes. Because, yes, he has been avoiding him. He bites down harder on his lip.
“What’s this?” Greg asks, nodding to the folded parchment John had forgotten he was holding. He feels sick.
And John does.
(See the end of the chapter for
I am glad i got this up on the actual solstice. Sure the season where i'm at is winter now (or as winter as southern Florida ever is) and they're in the autumn, but still.
Mrs. Hudson meets him in the entry. “Majesty,” she greets with a smile, and gives as deep a curtsey as her hip would allow.
Behind him, one of the many doors that lined the tunnels opens and John’s voice makes him freeze.
He places a hand on Sherlock's chest to feel it rise and fall beneath his palm and he stifles a sob in his elbow.
Everything was falling apart around him, and the one thing he’d clung to, the only happy thing John had found in a long time could not even bare to look at him. Well fuck that.
“Look at me,” he implores.
As Moran’s hand pulls away from his mouth, Sherlock's aching chest heaves as he coughs, unable to take in enough air. With an effort that is almost too much, Sherlock turns over onto his side and curls in on himself wrapping his arms protectively over his abdomen.
He was helpless, useless, just like always.
“I didn’t trust him when first we knew him,” Greg says, voice heavy and sad. And it takes a moment for John to realize he is referring to Sherlock. “But I could see how happy he made you.”
“Absolutely,” John has dropped off of his horse and swung his rifle over his arm before the word has fully left his mouth.
By the time he’s drained half of the cup a fog has settled in his brain making the world go a bit fuzzy all round him. Dimly he hears the familiar chiming of his phone and it takes him a moment to realize he is hearing the sound because his phone is ringing and he should probably answer it.
Sherlock arches and gasps at the first strokes and John sighs beautifully, Sherlock can feel the exhalation against his neck. They are slick with sweat and the sheets stick to Sherlock's back, tangling beneath him as he writhes and thrusts up into John's fist.
“In the far north, everything remains so grey and lifeless until summer has all but arrived.”
Sherlock has never felt so giddy, and he isn’t sure whose hands are shaking harder. He can feel John's pulse thrumming beneath his fingertips.
“Sherlock?” John’s voice breaks through his reverie and Sherlock’s eyes focus to find John standing that much closer than he had done a moment ago. So near were they that Sherlock could see the streaks of brown in the king’s ocean eyes. “Is anything the matter?”
The blow, when it comes, is delivered to his gut, forcing the breath from his lungs. Doubled over, gasping for air, Sherlock doesn’t notice the cane come down again until it cracks against his back. He drops to his knees.
“John!”
“I, John Hamish Watson,” he begins, and Sherlock is dizzy, “take you, William Sherlock Scot Holmes, to be my husband, my partner, my love. I vow to,
Sherlock's stomach twists.
John has a blackness hanging over him too, but he somehow manages to be soft despite it.
Sherlock spies Irene sitting demurely beside Lord Moriarty, her face is apprehensive.
“Obviously not,” Sherlock all but snaps.
Since he awoke in the wee hours three days ago shivering and disoriented, Sherlock has refused to sleep; instead reclining in the king’s bed, knees drawn up, reading by candle light.
“The thing is, she and I were close once. Before the war broke out I thought she was as enthusiastic about our engagement as I was. I’d seen a lot of my friends married off to people they didn’t care for or who were monstrous to them, but Mary and I were friends, and I was comforted by the idea that I’d get to spend my life with someone who I at least go on with. But we were both so young at the time.
“He and his men were nowhere to be found, their carriage was with the rest but they were not in it. But, Sherlock dear, they found blood inside; quite a bit I was given to understand.”
Candlelight dances behind his eyelids and his breath comes in shallow gasps. Sherlock fancies he can feel the warmth of John against him. His back arches, his body coiled tight.
“You selfish brat,” he hisses, “I have a mind to—”
He hates the melancholy that clenches his insides at the memories that come back to him then.
Greg’s voice floats into his awareness from somewhere far away.
Sherlock's expression tightens and color rises in his cheeks. “You’re just thinking to ask this
“Very well,” Amir says as though he is unconvinced it is a good idea to let Sherlock leave with less than will satisfy him. But something is better than nothing.
“Your majesty, I am so very sorry,” Irene’s voice speaks up small and defeated from somewhere near the door, he hadn’t realized she was still in the room.
“He has this horrible cane he insists upon carrying around with him.”
Whatever bitterness Sherlock had been feeling when John came home seemed to have dissipated, or he may have been too distracted by his food to care about anything else.
Without warning Irene pinches the shard and pulls it free, Sherlock sucks in a breath.
Firstly, I've read your comments on the first chapter and I am out-of-this-world grateful for your kind words and support. It means a lot, so thank you!
Despite what he tells himself the fear burning in his stomach only worsens as Mycroft’s speech ends and the justice steps up to the altar, inviting Sherlock and Moriarty to join him.
“Fuck,” he swears again and then calls out, “Greg, come up here!”
We will see snippets of the history between Sherlock and Jim, and finally learn what happened to Sherlock in the days before John found him in the forest.
“They can entertain themselves just fine without me.”
It takes Sherlock a full minute of desperate kissing to realize that he is crying. John soothes him and pulls Sherlock up to kneel in front of him. He wipes the tears from Sherlock's face and takes his hands. And Sherlock feels his stomach knot up.
There’s no response and the cat seems to have vanished but the door to 221a is closed. That cat had been coming and going from 221 almost as long as John has, but it never seems to linger for more than a few minutes.
“John,” he says with the adorable determination of the slightly drunk, “if you believe marrying that woman is what’s best, then you should accept.”
Sherlock’s bony fingers dig into John’s arm as he holds on to him, the last shreds of his self-possession the only thing keeping the sobs at bay. John fights not to make more promises. He wars with himself not to swear there and then to Sherlock that he would move heaven and earth to keep him always near. Because Sherlock is right, there will come a day when John will have no choice but to let him go.
“It was good to see you again, James,” John says.
Sherlock's face warms at the memory of the first night he’d shared with John. They’d done nothing since then, but the reality of what they’d done that night frightened him. He had let that beautiful man get closer to him than anyone ever had. The worst part was, he didn’t even particularly mind. In fact, he was absurdly happy.
Sherlock could have sobbed with relief.
Moriarty bends over Sherlock, bringing his lips to his ear, “I don’t like to be kept waiting.”
As his foot shifts, his vision begins to blur and a wave of nausea hits him with such force that he stumbles backward. And then he is falling. He hits the earth with enough force to knock what little breath he has left from his lungs. Is this how it would end?
His wrist aches horribly. He’d been wringing his hands most of the day— a ridiculous habit— which he suspects had aggravated the injury that had not yet fully healed; despite John's attentions. He scratches at the bandages that bind the offending joint as he unwillingly recalls the feeling of Moriarty snapping it. He shivers.
Someone is speaking to him.
“Hello again,” John says softly as he bends to scratch behind its ear. The cat moves away.
Ambient light from the lamps in the garden peeks through the curtains and seeps into John’s room. He lies awake in his bed, tossing and fidgeting as he tries in vain to fall asleep. He hates nights like these, when thoughts seem to be leaking out of his head with the sheer volume of them. It makes sleep impossible.
“I understand that, and I agree,” John's voice is resigned, “but these things take time.”
Sherlock returns to the North to face his brother.
“Well he hasn’t made any progress either. If he had, we would have caught whoever it is by now.” Sally is brought up short when she realizes that what she said could almost be considered a compliment.
“I was concerned about what would happen to you if I never returned. I was terrified I would never see you again, and…”
Something in Sherlock's voice, a hard edge to his words, makes John stand up a little straighter. Sherlock's pale eyes drift once up and down John's body before locking on his face, which John is sure must be bright red.
“Enter,” he snaps. His mind has been racing so fast since being sentenced to exile in all but name, that he doesn’t notice someone has approached him until they speak.
“What gave it away? Did I forget to smooth down my hair, is there a lipstick stain on my collar, what was it?”
John gives a derisive snort.
“John, a decision must be made regarding the people being held in the church.”
Sherlock comes with an intensity that rocks him to his core, and he lies shaking in John's arms as he comes back into his body. John pulls him close to rest his head on his good shoulder and runs fingers up and down Sherlock's arm.
“I take it you are not enjoying the banquet preparations.”
“David and Anabelle, his wife, asked me to get John’s sister Harry to safety; as she was to take the throne should anything happen to them. We only made it as far as the back garden before they caught up to us. The girl was torn away from me and run through before I could stop them, and then the men simply ran off. Harry was gone only moments later.” Something seemed to catch in Greg’s throat, “I ran back inside to see if I could be of any help to the king and queen, but they were already dead, shot point blank.”
Greetings,
Of course it had been a mistake. If not, he wouldn’t feel this twisting in his gut. He bites down hard on his lip.
“Be patient with yourself. You have been through quite a lot.”
Sherlock looks up from his shoes to find he is behind a familiar door, the tunnel door that leads into the king’s apartment. As he places his hand on the latch to open it, he hopes that he will walk through to find John in his chair by the empty hearth, smiling and apologizing for being away for so long.
Sherlock feels hands slip under his shirt. The touch is hot against his over-sensitive skin and he feels his body writhe.
“Sherlock?” John asked gently. “Do you want to stop?”
Sherlock sneers and the man, late thirties, blond, average build, former smoker, with a chestnut Labrador mix, seems to take this as a yes.
And if John was dead, a thought that made him feel like the ground would give way beneath his wandering feet, what did that mean for Sherlock? He resented that he was thinking of himself in this moment when John's fate— and the fate of his realm as a result— was so uncertain, but he couldn’t help it.
“Good morning, sweetheart,” John murmurs.
“Sherlock,” John tries to speak but Sherlock has already made to leave, pulling his shirt closed around himself. “Wait, please—”
Everything becomes a blur then as they begin pulling and tearing at each other’s clothes. John yanks the hem of Sherlock's shirt from his waistband and runs his palms up Sherlock's middle. Sherlock arches into the touch, relishing the feeling of John's hands on his skin.
A laugh growls out of Sherlock’s throat before he can stop it, and a familiar pain sparks in his chest. You would be the first, he thinks sadly.
Sherlock pauses his writing and bites his lip. Feeling warmth spread across his face, he decides to be honest.
It pained Sherlock to see John so defeated. This beautiful man shouldn’t have to carry yet another regret with him, his burden was heavy enough.
with each other without expecting more.”
“Rosie, love, why don’t you go and play in the sitting room for a bit? I’ll come and get you when the cake is ready.”
Sherlock stood on the stoop of the old scullery fanning himself with his shirt. The sun beat down on him, scorching his skin. John had asked him to meet him around the back of the manor where they would not be seen, and Sherlock had been waiting for a long time. It had been so long since he’d seen the sun that it felt all the more blistering on his skin.
Sherlock secures the letter with a seal before he can think twice about it. The stationary very obviously belongs to the housekeeper with a large H accompanied by a small bird on the wax seal, Sherlock wonders if John will bother to open it at all.
A blissful breeze cooled him and he braced himself on the frame, head hung low between his shoulders, drawing slow breaths to calm himself. It sickened him to know it was very likely that John was even now in the hands of northerners, if he was in fact alive. Sherlock tried not to think of what may be happening to his dear John even now.
“Usually people reply to those. You know, write back.”
John answers with a kiss to Sherlock's temple and Sherlock wraps his long fingers around John's length. He drops his face to Sherlock's shoulder and groans as Sherlock begins to stroke.
John sighs and shrugs his sagging shoulders. “Every year the high-born and titled of this territory gather in this ornate tomb I call my home to hear me tell them that everything will be alright, and I feel as though it’s becoming more and more futile. Even the banquet itself will be lacking this year because we are quickly running out of food within these boarders— and I will not take from my people to feed my guests.”
“Around noon yesterday we received a letter from the earl with whom the king and his company where to lodge for the next stop on their progress. He said the company never arrived and he was becoming concerned.”
They fell back against the pillows, breathless and spent, and John pulled one of the blankets over them. Now Sherlock lies sated in John's arms, and the world has disappeared around them.
PS: Someone asked me recently if I hate Mycroft. Yes and no, he's one of those characters i love to hate. i think he fills the role of purely evil antagonist rather well, but i don't "hate" him ^^)
John draws in a long breath.
The clutter covering the wallpaper seems to have spread in the time since John left for work.
“No,” Sherlock whimpers, swallowing hard past the constricting of his throat, “please…”
He had enough forethought to pause outside the large doors of the chamber. He pressed his ear to the wood and listened for any sound beyond. When he heard nothing, Sherlock shouldered his way into the room.
“I also explained that I didn’t believe there was any ill-intent in his doing so,” Sherlock said, voice low and sleepy.
Greetings!
Dread chills Sherlock to his core and he imagines he can feel the painted eyes of his ancestors boring into him as he makes his way down the gallery. One wall of the portrait hall is lined with high, narrow windows that flow into the chapel beyond the doors. As he walks, he steps in and out of rays of light that stream across the cracked stone floor. The sun never truly rises in the north at this time of year, and the light that hangs in the air in gauzy and grey, it almost seems to cling to Sherlock's skin, making him feel as though he is underwater.
Something cold settles in the air of the living room as John leaves, as if he has taken the last of the day’s warmth with him up to his and Rosie’s bedroom.
Instinctively, he makes to crawl away but is quickly pulled back and pinned by thighs bracketing his waist, arms held above his head.
John has been missing for two full days now, and there has been no new information, at least none that has reached him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock sits on the assembly table in the audience chamber, idly swinging his legs as John reclines in his chair. They haven’t spoken a word since Sherlock entered, just sat in each other’s company, something they were doing quite a bit of in recent days.
Sherlock seems to consider this for a moment, his face unreadable and a little withdrawn. John feels his pulse begin to race. It worries him to see Sherlock drawing away after only a few moments in bed together.
“Of course, Mrs. Hudson and I look after Rosie most days,” he says quickly.
Sherlock's stomach flips as he reads the last line.
He does not sleep. He lies awake for hours in the stillness, weeping silently into his pillow. Pain thunders in his chest and rolls out in waves through his body, he is beginning to remember how black misery can be.
“Come, I’ve brought your dresser,” her voice holds such a sadness.
She was unfazed by his scathing tone. “I find that when I can’t decide what to write in a letter I start with how I’m feeling and go from there.”
Sherlock is dumbstruck. The two chatter on amiably, but Sherlock can tell there is something about this woman that has John on edge. And hasn’t he noticed that a stranger has just seen Sherlock in his audience chamber?
But these past weeks I’ve seen a change in him.” Greg gives Sherlock a meaningful look that stops his heart.
Remember last time when I said I wanted to get these chapters out to you more than once i month, well, check the publication dates-- we are just shy of one month. I am so sorry!
“A shortcut. I know, it was reckless. We were moving through a heavily wooded part of the road when they were suddenly on top of us. There are high ridges on either side of the road, intended to protect travelers from being set upon. It’s no help if your assailants forego carriages and horses in favor of lurking behind the tree line.”
Hot embarrassment rises in Sherlock’s stomach and it must show plainly on his face because John give him a tender smile.
“It is,” John affirms, if only to get them to be quiet, “Sherlock Holmes, prince of the north.”
John's face softens when he sees Sherlock, and Sherlock feels very stupid. He had blown through the door with accusations behind his lips, but what he had expected to accomplish? He fought against the irrational urge to insist John refuse that woman and remain with him.
“No one even seemed to notice when we slipped away. Pits, the man who lead the search party who found us said there was blood in my carriage, I can’t imagine whose.
“Hello, beautiful,” he greets with a smile.
So lost is he in the pulsing aftershocks that he doesn’t at first realize that John is still stroking himself.
“Well,” Sherlock concedes, “perhaps lying is too strong a word. But certainly he was exaggerating the situation.”
Any attempt to breathe evenly is instantly made futile when his eyes fall upon the figure at the grand. Moonlight gleams off of milky skin and wild, ink-dark curls. Long, elegant fingers dance across the keys, bringing forth music with such beauty as could have made John drop to his knees and weep. The figure sways slightly with the piece, and with each graceful movement, John is drawn deeper.
He looks up to see Greg sitting across from him, a mixture of concern and annoyance on his face. John had forgotten he was there, “Sorry, what did you say?”
This became ritual for them, evenings spent in one another’s company. When John retired for the night he would send for Sherlock or come to him in his own apartment, where they would settle in and Sherlock would listen avidly as John recounted the day’s events. There wasn’t much he could say, and what he did tell Sherlock was redacted considerably, as John surely was not able to share matters of state with anyone; much less a northerner.
Exhaustion is pulling him under again, and Sherlock longs to let it take him. The man sits beside him, causing the mattress to sink, and Sherlock feels the edges of his fear soften. He carefully begins to move his hands over Sherlock, the flat of a palm against his forehead, tips of fingers prodding his neck, cupping over Sherlock's skin as they run down the length of his arm to his wrists—
Could it be that John thinks of himself as belonging to Sherlock in some small way? No, of course not, he was only being polite. Still, it warms Sherlock to fancy he holds some claim to John, no matter how absurd the notion.
Another laugh that emerges on a breath. What a wonderful sound, Sherlock thinks. The rocking of the horse’s slow strides sends waves of discomfort through him. Sleep creeps up on him again, licking at the edges of his consciousness. Sherlock finds he’s afraid to fall asleep, what if he cannot open his eyes again? The voice would be disappointed, he thinks.
Something moves across is field of vision, blocking out the diamonds twinkling above him. He thinks he can hear a voice, but he is unable to make out any words.
Moran spoke then and asked Sherlock if he would come quietly or if he would make a fuss.
Sherlock can still feel the residual effects of fever in the weariness of his limbs as he begins to makes his way through the tunnel’s back to his apartment. He’s been at the manor for nearly a fortnight, and though he has largely recovered from his ordeal, there is a persistent weakness in his body and his wrist still aches.
His legs are moving again before he realizes.
Sometime after sunset, John is not sure when, Mrs. Hudson had knocked on the door. She’d fussed and petted his hair like a small child when she saw how broken he was before gently instructing him to dress himself and come to the audience chamber quickly.
“Come for me,” he demands.
Mrs. Hudson guides him to the table, ignoring his token protests, and fills the kettle to boil.
She nods her head and looks down at her feet.
he yearns to say,
“He will be soon if we don’t get him back to the manor,” says John, deftly running his hands over what little of Sherlock he can reach, checking for any obvious injuries. The prince’s eyes are half open but unfocused, John is sure he doesn’t have any idea where he is or what is happening to him.
“Your Majesty,” the Major says as he lowers himself into a bow that appears to cause him pain.
“I thought I could wed Mary for the sake of my people, but damn it, I have given everything for my kingdom time and time again. I will find some other way to assure a good future for the south.”
John laughs, a genuine laugh without scorn or judgment, “I suppose it helps if you believe that someone is listening.”
He quickly mops the tears from his eyes so he can more clearly see Sherlock's face in the dim light.
Sherlock sighs, “I was never a soldier.”
“She kissed me. She said she liked me and then she kissed me. She even asked first, and I said yes. And then she kissed me,” he lifted his hands and let them drop into his lap as if to say ‘I have no fucking clue what to do about this’.
“Majesty, I…”
On the morning Of the first day of autumn, Sherlock wakes to the chirping of birds and his cheek resting on his love’s warm chest. He peers up at John's sleeping face. He looks so young when he sleeps, the lines etched by new stresses and old anguish are smoothed away.
“Come, James, there’s no need for that. Not between us,” John’s face is as open and friendly as it can be while playing this part; Sherlock should know.
“Fuck,” he gasps in utter disbelief. He blinks hard and even shakes his head, but the sight remains. There was no mistaking those features. The thick, inky curls, the blade-sharp features, those eyes…
They break apart, panting.
When Sherlock turns to check if John has finished with the horse, he sees that he has already shucked his vest and boots and is now shrugging out of his shirt.
Greg swallowed hard, “God, how he cried. Screaming with everything he had, as if trying to wake himself from a horrible dream. He trashed so violently he tore his wound open. When he finally calmed, council members came in to announce to him officially that he was now reigning king. I can still here the way they chorused
“Sherlock,” he whispers, running his hand long Sherlock's face, “Sherlock, can you hear me?”
Disappointed John says, “Mrs. Hudson isn’t here to let you in? She really ought to leave her back door open for you.”
“Are you, uh, going to do that thing you do sometimes.”
“John,” Sherlock moans, “please, I need more. Faster, deeper, something.”
It’s been seven days since John stumbled upon the nearly lifeless body of Sherlock Holmes in his forest. He has spent that time not so subtly avoiding the subject of the northern prince each and every time his councilors mention him.
“Promise me something, Sherlock,” there is a weight in John's voice that makes Sherlock go ridged.
“Very well. It’s nice to you’re
“We’ve got another one. A woman with her throat ripped out, will you come?”
“John,” Sholto says in such a way that makes Sherlock’s teeth come together, “there is hardly anything left in the east counties, no food, many herds and flocks were destroyed.”
“His brother sure fucking has,” mutters Greg.
“So,” he drawls, “the surgery has hired a new nurse.”
“John, John, John” Sherlock pants, voice straining, “oh, god, I, I…”
What rational person would have— could have— drawn this conclusion.
“But you see, I wasn’t thinking of myself, or even what would become of my realm without me. I was thinking of you.”
“I’m fine,” he whispers harshly, “it’s just…”
“John,” Sherlock sighs sweetly, he has never loved the sound of his ordinary name more than when it passes those lips. But Sherlock gives an almost imperceptible shake of his head, only noticeable with the moonlight shining off of his shifting curls.
He is so unashamed and at ease that Sherlock feels a little of his own self-consciousness melt away. Pulling in a fortifying breath, Sherlock steps out of his trousers and drops his sweat-damp shirt onto the grass. He has never been naked out of doors before, it’s both horrifying in how exposed it makes him feel and oddly freeing. At least he is safe from prying eyes.
I've been going over my outline, what little i have, and i have a much better idea what I'm doing with this story now. i'm looking forward to writing the rest.
But he is so tired.
John practically yanks him from the bed and on to his feet.
John heaves a sigh as the door clicks shut behind him. Leaning his head back he drops his bag and allows his eyes to slip closed for just a moment.
“It’s a letter,” Greg states, trying to fill the silence, “from…”
That night Sherlock lay in bed, attempting to sleep despite the heat and his overactive mind. Several times he had to restrain himself from sneaking into Mrs. Hudson’s room to retrieve the letter before it could be posted. But he remained firmly in his bed until morning, though sleep did not come.
Sherlock hates his legs, the absurd length of them makes it impossible for him to angle himself toward John without their knees knocking together. His attempts to arrange himself have him fidgeting in a way that he knows makes him look gangly and awkward.
Greg had come to him that morning and insisted that John send the foreigner on his way sooner rather than later. That is how John finds himself standing outside the door of the apartment Sherlock now occupies.
“Owner of the shop across the street phoned it in when the homeless guy stumbled through his door shouting about a dead body,” Greg continued as they ascended the stairwell, the door to which is propped open and officers and forensics workers stream in and out.
Sherlock opened his mouth to respond, but words would not come as the horror of what his brother had planned began to dawn on him.
“True, John carries the grief of those days with him still. And these years of keeping your brother at bay have worn him down. I knew there were dark times when he’d thought of ending his life, but I never believed he’d actually go through it.”
It must be well past midnight by now, though he has stopped counting the chimes of the clock in the adjacent room. With a resigned sigh, he heaves himself up and out of bed. A bed that, on nights like these, feels much too big and empty. John never allows himself to dwell on it for more than the few seconds it takes to push the thoughts away, but he so longs to share his bed with another. It isn’t necessarily the passion he misses— those urges could be dealt with easily enough when they pestered him— it's the simple comfort of being near to someone he trusts; the intimacy of just being together.
Its half past six in the morning here in south-east Ohio, and the sun has not yet risen. i started this chapter last night but sleep was calling. So naturally, when I woke up hours before my alarm, I made my coffee and went right to my laptop to finish it. I have an early class anyway :P
She baffles him. John had explained that she had once been the daughter of a noble family, all of whom had perished in the war, leaving her the only surviving member. Molly Hooper had been a childhood friend of John's sister, and naturally the king had offered to take her as family in all but blood.
He sealed the saccharine words away in the envelope before he could stop himself, heart racing. His fingers shook slightly and a ridiculous grin pulled at his lips.
John, much more aware owing to a higher tolerance, smiles warmly at Sherlock in a way that makes his toes curl and says, ”Would that not upset you?”
“And you’re sure you don’t need my help on this?”
wasn’t he?”
He waits at the threshold as Mrs. Hudson steps in to announce him, “The king is come, your highness,” before curtseying again and sweeping away to tend to the rest of the world.
John's stomach knots as his friend reads the letterhead aloud.
John makes the choice to explain himself to Sherlock in person, give the man a day or so to prepare to leave. It's the least he can do. Though John had not seen or spoken to Sherlock since that first day, his housekeeper had told him that the prince had been nothing but cordial and amenable.
“Yes, it is.”
“It was a chore for a long time, something to be got through so I could hear a kind word,” Sherlock’s tone lightens a bit, “but I soon found real joy in composing.”
Carefully John withdraws his finger, leaving Sherlock feeling empty and sensitive. He lays back out beside Sherlock, caressing his love as he fights to get his breath.
“Yes,” he breathes.
One of the men that has accompanied the former general gasps, “Un-fucking-believable! Is that—?” he cuts himself off, pointing dumbly at the still figure as if he can’t be certain of what he is seeing.
Someone enters his receiving room while he lies listlessly on the sofa, melting into the velvet with the heat that hangs in the air. He looks up to see Molly, one of the house maids pulling fresh linens from the cabinet.
“Sherlock!”
Sherlock's heart is pounding so hard his chest aches and his eyes burn.
They exchange farewells. John expresses his wish for her to stay at the manor for the night before undertaking the journey back to her family’s home, and then Mary Morstan is gone.
John begins to dig through the nearby mound of pillows to produce a wicker basket. Flipping back the lid, he pulls out a bottle of wine and uncorks it. Sherlock finds he doesn’t know what to say.
They lower their heads and swiftly exit the room through a side door, the man nearly knocking his chair over in his haste. John stands from his seat at the head of the table and stretches his back, something around the region of his left shoulder seems to be causing him discomfort. He draws in a fortifying breath. As if on cue, the main doors of the chamber open and a spindly man enters, bows, and announces, “Major James Sholto.”
Sherlock’s heart kicks.
Sherlock's back snaps up off the dock and he cries out. Sparks dance along his nerves and something hot and delicious erupts from within him.
Sherlock bites down hard on his lip, digging his nails into his palms, the pressure of the grip making his wrist burn.
John gives a small laugh, “I can often see you from my window at night as you’re sneaking off.”
John’s head snaps up at the sound of the old hinges squeaking, “Sherlock,” he exclaims, springing from his seat, “what the hell?”
Surreptitiously he glances out at the sea of faces to see that not one of them is smiling and he barely suppresses a laugh.
“I will never be yours,” he spits.
James accompanied Sherlock back to court, relegated to the carriage behind the prince’s. As the fiancé of the deceased’s brother, it was decided that Sherlock should attend the funeral— if only to show that the Moriarty family had the king’s favor. But Sherlock had blatantly ignored James, though he knew it was a foolish thing to do.
Sherlock carefully extricates himself from John's arms and rises to sit beside his sleeping husband.
Once, what felt like a life time ago, John had felt no shame in hiding in a string of dead end relationships. He had happily ignored that fact and plowed on dating mindlessly; insisting to himself that he wanted it to work out. He wanted something normal. A pretty girl, a pretty house, maybe a couple of kids. That was what he was supposed to want.
He writhes and kicks, trashing as hard as the pain ripping down his arm will allow. Moriarty’s fist clenches again but the blow never comes.
Something crashes into Sherlock and he is shoved rather violently back against the wall, breath rushing from his lungs. Lips press against his mouth, warm and insistent. Sherlock barely registers what’s happening. He is kissing and kissing, and he feels firm hands dig into his hips and waist as his own hands come up to cup and caress.
It’s gone midnight before either of them says anything— anything that isn’t sweet nothings in the heat of love making.
She gives him a gentle smile. “My name is Irene Adler; I am in the employ of Jim Moriarty.”
“It’s not possible,” he insists, though his voice barely comes out.
“Sherlock,” Greg calls to him as he jogs over.
He can hear John's voice grow louder and then fade again as he paces the room.
He decides to stop thinking— a near impossibility for Sherlock Holmes— and just start writing something; anything.
Regardless.
“Hmm?” he replies.
" he wants to ask, “
Sherlock's throat constricts.
“I cannot give you an answer now, Mary,” he says, “I will need to speak with my council first.”
I had a bit of drama uploading this chapter, but its all sorted now. I ran back from class to get this up before i tuck in for the night to do some homework.
He’d had no particular destination in mind when he’d left his apartment, he only wanted to be moving, and with guests arriving early for the south’s annual summit, the tunnels were his only option during daylight hours. It would not do to be seen by the southern aristocracy, especially not when most of them still celebrated his apparent demise, weeks after his unexplained disappearance. He doesn’t blame them.
“It isn’t binding, not really.”
She nods her head furiously, gold ringlets bouncing adorably.
“Good night, John.”
Instead he asks, “Was that Mary Morstan I heard?”
John has an enchanting encounter in the moonlight.
“We were passing through a forest at the northern edge of a county east of here.”
John nudges Sherlock's chin up to bite at his neck. Head thrown back, Sherlock can see the sun glittering through the emerald leaves— a sky made of diamonds.
“Then yes, I’ll help you.”
The morning following his confessions to John, Sherlock finds himself roaming the servant’s tunnels berating himself. How could he have been so foolish? Stupid man, he chided, he had let his emotions run away with his sense and had laid himself bare for this man he barely knew— in a way he’d never done before, and never wished to again. He felt exposed and ashamed, it had been years since he had cried in front of another person. The release of it hadn’t left him feeling lighter and more at ease, but rather, he felt raw.
John quirks a brow at him and smiles ruefully.
“Exactly, we are adults, and he is reigning king— he may do as he pleased. Whenever I step out of line,” Sherlock swallows hard and lets go of a shaky breath, “he brings me before his privy council and…”
“Five or six individuals at least, some of their scents I recognize, others I don’t. We typically need to feed twice a month, so by the time they’ve fed the last in the group, they have to start over again. But there are other ways of obtaining blood.”
“But the issue of what to reply with is what’s troubling me.”
“I was told this manor was sieged. That my brother’s soldiers…” Sherlock’s throat clenched with nausea as the reality set in. His own brother had ordered the deaths of the family who’s only surviving member had, only a minute since, held Sherlock in his arms. A family that, by John’s own account, had been happy and whole, and good to their own.
John is lost without his prince
He doesn’t remember who started the kissing, but soon John has climbed between Sherlock's legs and they are tearing at each other’s clothes. John clamps his mouth over Sherlock's throat and sucks hard, it will leave a bruise. They move together, so familiar with the other’s body after so many weeks that they fit together without trying.
John gestures that the visitor should be allowed to enter, and Sherlock notices that the king’s frame has stiffened.
If he could only get to his feet he is sure he could reach it. He braces his palms flat on the dirt and attempts to force himself upright. At the slightest pressure, pain shoots up his arm; he can’t remember a moment later if he’d cried out as his face hit the earth again.
“Oh, no rush, dearie.”
“Dance with me,” John whispers.
The funeral had been a tasteful one, the sort of affair fitting of a noble family like the Moriarty’s. Sherlock hadn’t known Janine well, he had only spoken to her a small handful of times, but she was clever and engaging; the highest praise Sherlock could bestow upon another human being.
Moriarty gives a dismissive little shrug and turns to the justice who has settled himself behind the podium.
He was soaked through and he felt as though his skin were on fire. Dimly he realized that in sleep he had pulled the blanket around himself despite the heat in the room. Mopping his brow with his sleeve, Sherlock rose and went to throw open the window.
“Well,” Sherlock drawls, gesturing widely, “you’ve seen me. Now get out.”
Lord Moriarty steps forward with a quick stride, and Sherlock jerks back reflexively. With a derisive sniff, the man grips Sherlock's chin with a callused thumb and forces his face up.
John is about to spout something scathing in the affirmative, but something in the other man’s face kills the words in his throat. Sherlock is a prince through and through, that much is apparent. John can see that he possesses a strong sense of dignity just by looking at him, but there is nothing in his posture that speaks of arrogance or ill intent. Despite his dignity, however, Sherlock’s face betrayed quite a bit. John had seen the tension in him the moment he’d entered the room. His eyes had gone wide at John’s admission of his council’s advice, and he had set his jaw.
. David was a good man, to be sure, and a great king; but unlike John, he never allowed his heart to rule his head.”
“Sherlock, whatever is the matter?”
UPDATE: fixed the formatting problems, i think
“I’ve heard conditions are brutal out there, why did your family not live at their court in the capital?”
There is very little preamble. The justice drones on for only a brief time about the sanctity of marriage and how it is not to entered into lightly before he is asking Moriarty if he will take Sherlock to be his wedded husband.
“Very well,” the king says, evidently working to hold onto his thinning patience, “was there anything else?”
“Your majesty,” he greets. His voice wavers, he knows his father will have noticed.
Sherlock sits at his desk, head pillowed on his folded arms. His head feels as though it is filled with mud. Mycroft had forbidden him to leave his apartment until his wedding day, leaving him with little in the way of distraction.
Lapping…
Please comment I need the validation lol. Just kidding, you don't have to ^^
A creeping unease settled in Sherlock's gut at the memory. He had been so close to death, closer even than he had realized; or so John had explained once he had recovered. To wake from that limbo of fever and fear to find this beautiful man waiting for him on the other side was a gift Sherlock still could not believe was his.
“Good morning,” John offers, “I—”
I am so sorry for the delay in this chapter, 2018 has been kind of a mess so far and I've been very busy. As of the 13th of this month, i've been writing this story for a year, wow. I had planned to have this completed by now, but thats life.
“You are absolutely precious— do you know that? What do you have to be so shy about, hmm?”
“You what?” Mycroft asks, his voice irritated and sour.
Sherlock had to draw in a long, steadying breath which shudders on the way out. “I could never rationalize that, and now I am absolutely certain it’s not true.” John’s open, kind face smiles at Sherlock from behind his eyelids.
“We’re in here,” Mrs. Hudson calls from the kitchen.
Another cheer goes up as Molly’s voice at the front of the pack cries, “Welcome home, your majesty.”
A soft chuckle, “Right, still with me, then.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He forces that horrible thought from his mind and strides purposefully out of his apartment, completely ignoring the guard he collides with. Determined to clear his head, John makes for the garden doors, perhaps some fresh air would do him good. He steadies his pace and takes slow, deliberate steps, drawing a calming breath with every stride.
Sherlock goes in search of a meal and gets a call from Lestrade.
God, was he really so out of practice that he’d already managed to ruin this?
No matter how hard he tried, Sherlock seemed determined to keep even John at a distance. And even though it hurt, he had accepted that fact long ago.
John trails kisses along Sherlock's thighs and whispers sweetly to him.
John gives a laugh that’s more breath than sound, “Not much. My sister did, though. She was brilliant…”
Mike spoke next, “She was arrested at her old family home this afternoon. According to the warden, she’s been quite accommodating, offering up any bit of information she’s asked for.
“Sorry?” Sherlock's head tilts slightly.
I got a little emotional writing this one, poor John.
“For the same reason I was betrothed to her in the first place, I suppose. She is head of her family now, and they still have access to their overseas resources that made her an appealing match to begin with.”
Something dark passes over John's face, tightening his features. Sherlock wants to reach for him, but he can tell the gesture would not be welcome.
He leans back and presses his face into the blanket draped over the back of the chair. It smells deliciously of John. He knows it’s irrational to avoid the possibility of John being dead. He knows in his overly-logical mind that the smarter thing to do would be to plan his escape from this place and what he will do once he’s accomplished that.
A full minute passes and John begins to think perhaps that will be the end of the conversation for now, and perhaps they should get a few hours of sleep, before Sherlock speaks again.
Sherlock goes very still as his eyes focus intently on John’s face. John nods his consent, and crystalline irises begin rapidly flitting over his body. Seconds pass and whatever Sherlock is seeing is clearly surprising him. His brows flick as if he is having a conversation with himself and he barely draws his breath.
He walks swiftly down the aisle to the alter where his brother’s body lay on display. Still, he dares not get too close.
John breathes a laugh. “Yes, I did. But you must have known that already.”
“Let go of me!” Sherlock snaps. John lightens his grip but does not remove his hands.
It somehow seemed unnatural to Sherlock that someone who had been so large in life could seem so very small now, lying dead on a marble slab.
(See the end of the chapter for
The kiss is slow but firm, more confident in the wake of their new understanding. Despite Sherlock’s larger frame the contours of their bodies align as though they had been made to fit together. John takes Sherlock’s hand and guides him wordlessly through the door that connects the sitting room and the bedroom.
Sherlock is sat in a high-backed chair by the open window, a book resting in his lap. He folds the volume shut as John steps into the room, his shoulders instantly going stiff as his eyes wander over the king's frame. He gives John a curt nod as he approaches.
Slowly he leans down and presses his forehead to Sherlock's chest, taking fistfuls of his coat and simply holding on.
, as you call it, extend?”
“What?”
Next time, autumn arrives in the south and John has a question for Sherlock.
Greg then seems to realize that his king had not been wondering what to do, but rather how he would survive once it has been done. Once he has been parted from Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock feels John's lips press against his hair as he whispers, “Very well, I promise.”
It hardly takes more than a minute.
“Oh, I will,” Moriarty coos, and bats his eyes.
John thinks.
“Have you gone mad?” he croaks.
John kisses her curls and rocks her slightly.
“You can’t breathe,” John says under his breath and he immediately loosens Sherlock's collar.
“It’ll do for now, just call me when you have more product. I can’t keep much in my flat, what I do have on hand is conspicuous enough as it is.”
“I’m so sorry, Sherlock,” he whispers into the darkness, “I was too late. I never should have let you leave in the first place. I should have forced you to stay with me, no matter the consequences. Nothing your brother could have done could be worse than this.”
Sherlock feels the ice that had trickled down his spine thaw a little, and his eyes pricked. How did John do that? How could he possibly know just what to say even when he was so far away?
A tiny hitch in his breathing and John watches, heart racing, as Sherlock's beautiful eyes come open just a little.
“Perhaps you could try being a bit more specific.”
The sound of his name jars him back to awareness. “Who are you?”
As he is leaving the bathing room there is a knock at the door.
“Enter,” he says, not bothering to hide the annoyance in his voice.
Bit of a short one this time, but the next one promises to be a little longer as we we'll be learning about John's past.
“Hey there,” the man says with a friendly smile, “you looking for a fix?”
Sherlock is rescued by the man the lovely voice belongs to.
(I'm very much looking forward to this next one, readers.)
” Sherlock huffs through gritted teeth, indignation flaring in his gut. “I see,” he drawls, “you think I’m the king’s new whore.”
Sherlock doesn’t notice that he has become lost in his thoughts until the dresser speaks, startling him slightly. “Here you are, sir.”
The entry is silent and almost completely dark, save for the light coming in through the open front door. Sherlock only narrowly avoids walking straight into the door at the other end of the room as he searches for a way into the larger space beyond. When the fingers of his outstretched hand meet the door, it gives way without much effort; it has been left slightly ajar.
He is itching for something to occupy his mind. He thinks a visit to the library might offer something in the way of distraction, but he cannot seem to make his legs move. His body feels heavy and lifeless, he feels lifeless.
Within hours a trial had been convened to decide the fate of Mary Morstan, and former general Gregory Lestrade had readied troops to take the northern capital and a castle sequestered in the mountains.
Sherlock hadn’t actually considered it.
What had he been thinking? It was so stupid, just the briefest lapse in judgment, a mistake.
He gingerly nudges the door, allowing it to swing open on its hinges, which are blessedly silent. Sherlock is a bit taken aback by the room on the other side. Pale morning light streams in through long, narrow windows, and the ceiling stretches up and up into shadow through which he cannot see the beams. Before him sit long rows of wooden benches leading to what looks to be some sort of altar space adorned with statues and draped in richly colored fabrics. Figures line the high walls, looming over Sherlock from their pedestals in such a way that makes him feel small.
“Greg,” John acknowledges.
The next instant there are hands on him, pulling him off the horse and away from the warmth of the man. Pains of every kind pulse through him at the abrupt movement and less-then-gentle handling. A groan escapes him.
Sherlock suddenly, and with a vigor that shocks him, despises him name, his title, the very blood in his veins. His skin feels wrong, disgusting, evil somehow. That he is connected in any way to the man who had done these things to John makes Sherlock sick with self-loathing.
John looks straight into Sherlock's face and his smile is so open its almost startling. Sequestered away in this quiet place, they kneel naked before each other, hiding nothing.
“Would it then be fair to assume that you react in this way as a result of mistreatment?”
But there was no sense in making any decision on the matter until he knew what had become of John. He felt so helpless trapped in this place while John was lost somewhere. He could do nothing for him, nothing at all.
John pulls back to look into Sherlock’s pale eyes, heart leaping. “You’re sure?” he asks quietly, almost afraid to hear the answer.
John gets to his feet still holding Sherlock’s hand, and places his smiling lips against the prince's knuckles. Sherlock’s breath catches in his chest.
“What?”
“Mary’s been gone for over a year, John.”
Sherlock recalls the conversation he’d had with Greg Lestrade shortly after his arrival, and the timeline of John's life as he knows it begins to unravel like a spool.
“He lost everything in the war.”
“Are you alright?” John asks, concern bubbling in his chest.
A rush unlike anything Sherlock has ever known floods through him, filling his trembling frame with warmth and a strange sense of triumph. But in an instant that pleasure turns to panic and Sherlock stops breathing.
The blow comes without warning. Sherlock doesn’t see it coming with his head bowed, and the cane connects mercilessly with his face; making stars dance before his watering eyes. He is mostly certain he did not cry out, as a second blow never came.
Their first kiss as a wedded pair is gentle and sweet.
John thought that even if Sherlock had decided an affair with him was not what he wanted anymore, John wouldn’t mind. So long he as didn’t lose Sherlock’s company. This prince, who had come to him a total strange, had become John’s closest friend. The idea of losing his easy conversation and companionship made John ache deeper than the thought of never being able to kiss Sherlock again. He did not want to be alone again.
“A letter,” Sherlock replies vaguely.
“Yes…” the hesitation is clear in the king’s voice.
“That does not mean you don’t miss him now.”
Dismissed, Sherlock returns to his chambers to rest.
So this is your truth, Sherlock.
“Before this nation was divided, back when the conflict was still being referred to as a civil war, marriages did not require contracts. All that was necessary for two people to be bound together was a simple exchange of vows. Most folks in the country side still marry in this way.”
They lie there in the stillness for long minutes, greeting each other with kisses and caresses after a night spent apart in their respective dreams.
He waits quietly in his chair for an hour or so to ensure John is asleep before putting on his coat and shoes and padding quietly down into the foyer.
John pulls him in and kisses him deeply. It doesn’t feel like an innately sexual act, this exploratory kissing. Even as the kisses grow hungrier until they are forcing their tongues down one another’s throats, it feels more to Sherlock like a display of intimacy and passion rather than to simply achieve release.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well,” Moriarty says, “perhaps I’ll come visit you at the old house on the marsh. I’d imagine it will get quite lonesome out there.”
Sherlock makes John look at him and smooths the furrow from his brow with the pad of a thumb. Sherlock moves around John so that he no longer has to look at that place that upset him so.
“Yes, they’re overseas now, and my little one is receiving the care she needs. But I am not permitted to leave my post until Lord Moriarty decides my father’s debt has been paid.”
John nods his head to indicate some place over Sherlock's shoulder. For a moment Sherlock fears he’ll turn to discover they are being watched, but he is met by only trees and the ridge that lay beyond the shrubs on the other side of the path.
They crash together, a blur of questing mouths and fumbling fingers before they fall back together against the mountain of pillows and loose themselves completely.
“He will return at the end of the month,” Sherlock replies logically, though the end of the month seems terribly far away.
“What do you want?” his voice cracks as he forces it from his throat.
Sherlock’s eyes shine with tears, his voice breaking. John can no longer resist, he pulls Sherlock into his arms and presses firm kissed into his hair.
“This is Mary Morstan, she works for southern intelligence. You needn't to worry, we can trust her. She is an old friend of mine.”
The air lightens as they ascend a narrow flight of wooden stairs that creak under their feet. That is when Sherlock becomes aware of the other sets of footfalls that accompany those of the man carrying him. As they emerge from the cellar into the light of the main floor, relief floods his chest at the sight of the blue-eyed man. He hadn’t left at all; he’d been walking a little way ahead.
He doesn’t respond.
“Hope it helps,” Molly said kindly and excused herself to the bedroom to continue with her work.
Hello,
“You good?” Lestrade asks, placing a hand on Sherlock's shoulder.
“Not here,” he says, “at home, in spring, when it’s warm.”
No such luck.
They shared a light laugh and lapse into silence.
Sherlock strokes tentative fingers across John’s cheek, a deep crease etched between his brows. “I cannot believe that so good a man as you could want me.”
