They emerged into the sunlight and headed for the quinjet. Yzzial stuck close to Tony, looking around suspiciously. When they stepped up into the quinjet, a tiny orange flash shot toward them. It stopped in front of Yzzial, said “hi,” and latched itself onto the front of Tony’s shirt.
Tony laughed and pulled the blankets up around her body. As Maria drifted off to sleep, he placed a kiss on her temple. “Sleep well,” he whispered.
The downside of his words was that now Steve talked to everyone about how amazing his Bucky was, and it had gotten him in trouble for bothering people. Especially people who used their fists to solve their problems.
That causes a lot of problems, since a dragon has even higher standards for their human’s potential mates than for other people.
Examining him closely, Gaigheiss noticed that Chiepaer’s silver scales seemed to be losing their shine.
Tony shook his head at that, but started petting Yzzial’s snout anyway. Soon, the dragon was asleep, which left Tony to wonder how in the hell a KING DRAGON had decided to claim him.
The man stared, frozen, for a moment before whipping his shirt off. “Whoa, whoa, whoa!” Sam exclaimed. “I have a three date rule.”
“I thought that if I admitted I had two sets of words, it would be real.” Bucky’s eyes filled up with tears. “After all, who would want the guy with PTSD and only one arm?”
“You look tired,” Tony commented after he pulled away from the hug. “Get some rest. I’ll be here when you wake up.”
“Seeing as you aren’t bonded, and the father isn’t in the picture, there may be a few complications with the pregnancy.”
Clint looked down at the floor. “I may have been around people the entire time, but I had never been so alone.” He turned to look up at Steve. “I think you know how that feels.”
Tony touched his shoulder gently to get Clint to look at him. “Hey, there’s a lot of things I don’t like. Adding one more thing to the list won’t change anything,” he signed jokingly.
Steve picked up his phone from where it was vibrating on his kitchen counter. When he saw who was calling, he immediately picked up.
“They seem to be getting along,” Steve said, entering the room, Pyziedot on his heels. The queen dragon went over to the others and curled up next to them, her tail brushing Yzzial’s back. Steve stayed back, leaning against the wall.
Tony fidgeted with his cup for a few minutes before the door opened. He looked up and his heart almost stopped.
Steve’s skin prickled at the proximity, but it wasn’t as bad as it normally was around strangers, so he ignored it.
“Oh, Steve,” Tony murmured. He resolved to talk to Steve when he woke up, but until then, he would straighten out the feathers that were still there.
“Who’ll get a big head?” Clint asked, strolling into the room with Gaigheiss draped over one shoulder.
After all, he had enough gold-titanium alloy, and he had built a whole mechanized suit of armor. How hard could it be?
Clint hopped up on the back of the couch and straightened a few of the feathers at the base of Steve’s wing.
Politeness was a very big thing for them. They themselves may not always stick to the rules of polite company, but they expected others to.
When Tony was able to get Yzzial to let go long enough for them to get out of the room, Steve came over, presumably to meet the new dragon, and Yzzial almost bit his head off.
Sarah pinched the bridge of her nose. “This better not happen again,” she told them before pulling up Maria Stark’s patient information.
Tony had always been proud of his wings. They were a dark red at the base and on the back, then faded down to a soft pink on the underside. A deep black colored his primaries and the tips of his secondaries.
“What’s wrong?” Bucky asked worriedly. He’d never seen his friend like this when Steve was tiny and was beaten up daily, and definitely not since he had a growth spurt.
“Up and at ‘em, sleepyhead,” Tony said cheerfully, carrying a tray filled with food. “I got up early to get you breakfast, so you better be thankful.” He set the tray on Steve’s lap and sat down next to him.
“It really is, Sir,” JARVIS said. “Although I don’t know how I feel about being referred to as a ‘baby.’”
Tony seemed to take that invitation seriously. Every morning started with a cuddle, with another at lunch, and others interspersed throughout the day.
“Yes, now shush. It wasn’t your average circus, though. It was made up of criminals and fugitives, and I was just a kid. Not everything was horrible. I learned how to shoot, at least. Time went by and eventually, my mentor and B- my brother decided to “include” me in one of their schemes.”
Yzzial headed straight over to the other two dragons, leaving Tony to sit down on the loveseat. The three men watched as Yzzial sniffed Gaigheiss, who was curled up against Chiepaer. The silver dragon pulled Gaigheiss closer to him protectively and laid his head on Gaigheiss’. Yzzial rumbled comfortingly and nudged Chiepaer’s side tentatively.
They arrived in front of a room, and Sarah said, “Here we are. I’m going to go in and wake him up. Wait here.”
“What do you mean, ‘She’s been able to have guests since yesterday afternoon?’ Did none of you check to see if there was any family in the waiting room?”
Natasha, Bruce, Sam, and their respective dragons entered the room and the dragons jumped onto the pile on the floor. Bruce took up residence in his armchair, Natasha perched on the back of it, and Sam flopped onto the last couch. Steve tentatively sat down next to Tony, glancing at Yzzial every few seconds.
By the time Tony finished his breakfast, he had woken up a bit and drew away. “Sorry about that,” he said, blushing slightly.
Straps and chains held down the huge dragon and a kevlar hood made sure it couldn’t see anything. The dim light glinted off red and gold scales. “My god,” Bucky breathed. “It’s a king dragon.”
he thought with a sigh. Clint finished preening Steve’s wings, then slid off the couch to sit in front of him on the floor.
They were spending all their time together, and Tony was being really cuddly. Well, even more cuddly than usual.
“So, you don’t want to hurt us?” Steve asked gently. There was a rumble of agreement from the dragon, and Tony put his hand on Steve’s shoulder. When Steve turned to look at him, he motioned over to the Iron Man suit. The larger man’s eyes widened in understanding and he nodded.
“I’m glad,” Tony replied. He looked up at Steve. “This just means that I can keep you around longer.”
“Bossy,” Tony muttered, but his eyes were sparkling. He waved the men inside before gesturing to an alpha standing in the living room. “This is Rhodey, professional sourpuss.”
“Sure,” Steve had replied. “I’ll also tell them about that one time Becca put gum in your hair and you refused to let it be cut out.”
“It was bound to happen some time,” Sam replied matter of factly. “There aren’t many people signed up for this.”
“At least it’s a compliment,” said Becca as she leaned against his back, wrapping her arms around his neck in a hug. “It could be worse.”
Tony sighed and hugged him back. “I know. I was just worried.” His wings twitched once before he quietly said, “You’re really important to me.”
“I’m an artist,” Steve said quietly. Tony motioned for him to go on. “I do pretty much everything. Concept art, animation.” He glanced away, embarrassed. “My friend and I are working on a comic book.”
Tony grinned. “JARVIS, tell security to haul this guy out,” he said. The omega turned to look at him. “Also,” he continued when he saw the Stark Industries badge on the alpha’s jacket, “as of right now, this man is fired.”
Tony gasped quietly and rolled his sleeve up, revealing the words on the inside of his elbow, tears welling up in his eyes as he did.
With all that he had done in his life, he definitely didn’t deserve a treasure like this. King dragons chose those who were kind, caring even. Tony definitely didn’t classify as that. Blunt and crass was more like it.
“Stop fighting and let Steve sit down,” Pepper scolded. Both men fell silent and Rhodey scooted closer to Pepper to make room. When Steve sat down, Tony squirmed out of Rhodey’s arms and into Steve’s lap. Steve’s eyes widened in surprise, but didn’t protest.
It wasn’t sexual or romantic in any way, but a way to stay warm during the winter. It also helped to ease Bucky’s fear that Steve might pass away in the night and he wouldn’t know until morning.
“Steve Rogers,” replied Steve, shaking his hand. He braced himself for the inevitable freakout his name often caused, but it never came.
“So, let me get this straight. Your name is Clint Barton, you’re an agent of SHIELD, SHIELD is a covert intelligence agency, and you were sent to work here to monitor the dealing of weapons,” Tony signed incredulously. “Anything else?”
“The problem with that is that an Omega that isn’t mated has more fluctuations, and if the other parent of the fetus isn’t around, there are even more than that, because there’s no one to help balance out the hormones. That means that there needs to be someone to stand in for the absent parent, and familial stand-ins just don’t cut it.”
Steve walked out of the café with a huge smile on his face. He and Tony had talked for at least an hour before deciding that they would go ahead with the plan for them to live together.
“Always the voice of reason,” Bucky said fondly as he turned around to give his favorite sister a proper hug.
Eventually, with the help of JARVIS, he got the feathers done and began painstakingly attaching them to his wings. Emphasis on the pain.
“So. Steve,” Pepper said, leaning forward to place her elbows on the table and rest her chin on her hands. “Since he’s already thrown you to the wolves, do you have any family or friends for Tony to meet?”
“Yeah, I guess I do,” Tony replied. Yzzial nudged the tiny orange dragon with his nose. “Yzzial, this is Pumarryn. Pumarryn, this is Yzzial.” Pumarryn let go of Tony’s shirt and climbed up onto Yzzial’s snout as Bruce came over to them.
And engineering results in explosions about 53% of the time. More if you’ve never had any formal training and are curious enough to break into your father’s workshop.
“That’s not him,” the second officer said, slightly out of breath. “The streaker went running toward the gate.”
Just then, JARVIS sent an alert to his glasses. “Sir, there appears to be an altercation occurring in the hallway.”
Charles raised at eyebrow at it in disbelief. “Well, that makes things a bit more complicated.” Tony looked at his questioningly. Charles squared his shoulders, looked Tony straight in the eye and, in perfect sign language, said, “This may be a good time to tell you some things.”
Steve’s ears flushed pink. “I - uh - I thought this was a date? You and me. I’m sorry, I must have misunderstood.”
For bday prompt party 2019, for anon. Anon wanted a Tony with a past abusive relationship and a Steve helping him move on. I also added some Steve insecurities of my own (^_^).
"I'm coming back," Steve said firmly. He sucked in a sharp breath, his whole body tensing, then he leaned forward and pressed his lips lightly to Tony's.  "I'm coming back."
Tony’s smirk softened into a smile. “Thank you.” Then his eyes brightened again. “So? Wanna try it?”
Tony nipped his way along Steve's jaw until he could bury his face in his neck. He smelled like sex and sweat and
know there’s a pattern, but how the f-” His voice dropped to a near whisper and he was radiating anger now. “How the
He found his way to Tony’s lab and burst through the door. “Tony Stark -!” he started, but before he could finish, the Avengers came flying down the hall and collided with him. No! They didn’t understand.
Steve stared down at Tony’s curled up body in his lap. The snow packed around him had stopped helping when his body had stopped producing its own heat, and that was long enough ago that Steve was counting the spaces between his heartbeats, now.
“Fuck, Steve, please, please -” Tony bit his lip to stop the words endlessly spilling out. He was rocking back and forth now, driving his ass over Steve’s face to find more friction. Instead of stopping him, Steve hummed, almost in amusement, but the vibration made Tony gasp and flinch, breaking into a moan.
Tony tipped his head to the side. "Well, you weren't wrong. He was just going to vote in favour of it."
“You say that like you think I’ll give one shit, darling.” Tony started unpacking styrofoam and laying it out on the table.
Steve grabbed one of the pillows from the edge of the pile and tucked it up against Tony's back. He relaxed with a sigh and Steve leaned over Anthony to press a kiss to his lips. Lightning flashed outside, illuminating the fort for a moment, washing out the yellow glow from the duck. "So," Steve asked with a grin, "what should we read next?"
Half the firm crew pouted - they'd only just started - but the director nodded. "Two minutes. Make it quick."
"Okay." Steve hooked under his armpits and hauled Tony to his feet which just put the two of them chest-to-chest, naked and - was that patriotism in Steve's complete lack of pockets or was he -? "Steve… you could… I mean, if the drug is still having an effect on you… We could…."
Bucky glared, the effect somewhat dampened by the cloud of white hair sticking up around his face and the smears of flour over his cheeks. “I -” He rolled his eyes and folded down over the counter with a groan. “I squeezed. With the wrong hand. And the flour bag… exploded.”
Tony turned to grin at Bucky who snuck up and pressed a kiss to his lips. “Yeah, okay. We can do that.” He petted his thumb over the baby’s forehead. “Goodnight, Peanut.”
Tony considered him for a moment. “Alright. I’ll help you. But first, I need you to help me.” He picked up a taxidermied raccoon from another table. “Hold this raccoon.”
Steve leaned towards him, hesitating this time, but when Tony tightened his hold on Steve’s hand and leaned in too, Steve tipped down the rest of the way and pressed their lips together. This time, Tony was able to sink into it with nothing but pure pleasure, all the fear and guilt gone away. Steve wanted this, wanted
Steve woke to his ears popping and Tony’s startled shout. He jerked back as the man in his arms shuddered from head to foot and then sat up. Tony was back to former self, his
SC/T Issonoth has submitted a request to Acquisitions for a secondary, compatible test subject for comparison.
There was someone he wanted to ask. But that someone had just asked him. Sort of. “No. There’s no one.”
Tony lets out a sharp breath and tips forward to lean against the cool brick. He’s sweaty and panting from the fight, which should feel better than being chilled, but the air is still harsh and cold and now its whipping sweat away from his rapidly cooling skin and sending shivers even deeper.
Steve had seen some of the bruises Tony sported after a particularly rough battle so he thought “perfectly safe” was a bit of an exaggeration, but honestly, that was never going to stop him. He’d had a subway car thrown at him just the other day; no part of Steve’s life was “perfectly safe.” What he really needed to know what that it was perfectly okay for Steve to play with Tony’s toy. “You sure?”
Tony peeked around the crate then sat back down again as they called four explosions in a row. "Because I care about you. I want to be friends with you." He stumbled over the awkward words, because that wasn't quite the truth.
“Oh, Tony. Just because we fight doesn’t mean I stop loving you. I know there’s a lot to talk about, a lot to sort out. But it can wait. I almost lost you today - I was so scared. Can I just hold you and know you’re alright?”
"Just tell them you're with me. I get one free drink a night. If you don't want it, save it for me, yeah?"
“Bleh.” Tony rolled out of bed, making sure to crawl over both supersoldiers, dispensing knees and elbows with extreme prejudice. He padded down the hall and into the nursery where the wailing got louder. “Oh, Peanut, what do you have to cry about, huh?” He scooped his daughter out of the crib and pressed his lips to her forehead. “You don’t have to pay taxes, you get to do tummy time instead of board meetings, and you have three amazing daddies, two of whom will love you no matter what, and one of whom will love you as long as you don’t turn out to be a Yankees fan.”
"Sorry. Look… I have mega feelings for you. And back in L.A. Steve was developing mega feelings for you too. So we decided to ask you out, hoped you'd join us, be our third, but then as soon as we landed on location, it seemed like you decided you hated Steve after all. You'll never come over when he's here, so we haven't had a chance to talk to you about it, to ask you out. And I guess it's kind of been building in me like a pressure cooker. I'm really sorry. I don't want to make this shoot uncomfortable for you, at all, but I can't wait on this conversation any longer. Apparently."
As Tony turned the watch in his hands, something occurred to him. The watch should be with the man it reminded him of. Then, maybe, it would make him think of Tony the way Tony thought of him. “You should have it.”
It was coming on faster now, Tony could feel the twinges, the heavy throbbing in his core, like his heart filled the entire space within his body.
“What do you want, Tony? Please tell me what you want before it really hits. I need to know what’s okay.”
“I was asking if you had a Grindr because when I was at the store the other day, I saw they had Iron Man branded coffee beans and I thought you might like them, at least for fun and to see if they tasted any good. But when I went to buy them the lady at the counter told me you need a grinder to use them. And I know you’re really into coffee, but the machine you have is all so automated, I wasn’t actually a hundred percent sure they’d work in it. So I figured it was better to ask you before I embarrassed you and wasted food, getting you something you couldn’t use.”
Steve tipped his chin up and pressed a kiss to Tony's lips, lips he's wanted to kiss for so long he couldn't remember a time when he didn't crave them. And this wasn't the kiss he'd planned for, yeared for, but it was still soft and warm, and Tony sighed and opened for him, tilting into the kiss. It was an apology for what they were facing, but also a promise that he'd be there, they'd face it together.
Cooper did indeed snore. Tony stared up at the underside of the bunk between them, rough, grating noises filling the room. He wondered if Clint had put him here as some kind of punishment or if it was that he knew Tony wouldn’t be sleeping tonight anyway, so he might as well get the shitty roomate.
“I don’t know. I don’t think so - maybe. We don’t have candy in the house so this is his first time eating a lot of it.” The man’s breath stuttered and started, and Tony shot him a concerned look. The last thing he needed was both of them out. But the man squared his jaw and took a deep breath instead of breaking down. Tony turned back to the boy.
Tony waved off the almost-apology. “No, no. Of course. I understand.” He swallowed. “And - uh - you know, I don’t want to - I mean. You have Peter. And, uh… Peter’s mom…? So?”
“I would never laugh at you.” Tony stroked his fingers along Steve’s jaw. “Steve, last time I saw you kiss him, I broke the faucet in the shared kitchen. I’m not smooth. It’s just an illusion caused by wearing very expensive pants.” Tony’s grin bloomed slowly. “Get me out of them and I’ll show you how unsmooth I am.” He waggled his eyebrows.
Steve was laughing uncontrollably now. He pressed a hand over his mouth to keep from waking Natasha who was napping in the next room over. His book had fallen to the floor, but he ignored it, not wanting to miss a moment of the development happening outside the window.
Steve shifted him in his arms, chuckling at Tony’s put-out expression. Steve wasn’t exactly a dog person, but he wasn’t
Now, all the blood drained out of Steve’s face, even as Tony’s cheeks were brightening. Natasha stepped forward on instinct and slipped her hand in Steve’s. She squeezed, and he clutched her hand back like a lifeline, shooting her a terrified look. “What do we -?”
Steve spread his hands. “Whatever you want. I can just sit in that chair, bring you water, food, whatever you need. I can guard the door if it’d make you feel better. I can book another room, be down the hall just in case.” He paused, swallowed. “Or it can be how it used to be.”
Steve stretched his legs up on the dash and tipped his head back, basking in the warmth of the early afternoon sun. “How’s it looking, Tony?”
“Yeah.” Tony stretched out long on the bed like a cat then curled up against Steve’s side. He smelled good, like sweat and his cologne. They’d been dating for a few weeks, starting out as actually dating, then graduating into kissing, and finally this - falling into bed together. It felt good, right, safe, but Steve had been expecting to get dressed and go with a goodnight kiss.
It took three tries for the keycard reader to recognize him, but when it blinked green he pushed on the handle, rolled into the room and - stopped.
"Oh." Tony frowned and shifted away a bit. "Sorry. I was just teasing, honest. I didn't mean to bother you."
Two, that he'd turn out to be, by far, the smartest student there - possibly even smarter than the teacher.
"I think I still have my powers." Steve held out his good hand and Tony took it. Steve tugged and Tony tried to pull back, but Steve easily hauled him forward until Tony lost his balance and tumbled into his lap. "Oh."
Steve scanned the crowd again, taking his time now, trying to relax and look like he belonged. Most of the ladies were on the upper level playing cards. Most of the men below were turned towards the stage, and when the dance was over, quite a few of them had knocked back whatever was left in their glasses and packed up to go.
But it had all been a lie. The last six weeks had been a lie. Everything Steve Rogers had said to him had been a lie. Steve had just wanted to get laid and move on. The wind picked up and brought heavier rain with it, plastering Tony’s hair to his forehead.
Tony knew. They’d won the bet, but now Tony knew how he felt and he wouldn’t be able to take it back. Steve turned on his heel and fled, pushing out the back doors of the gym and out towards the football field.
“He falls in love.” Tony’s voice had dropped low, rough and breathless. Steve swallowed heavily, charged as a livewire. “But his friend doesn’t know. And he doesn’t know how to tell him.”
Tony broke the surface of the water with a gasp. He flicked his hair back and tipped his face up to the sky, feeling the water droplets on his skin start to evaporate already in the baking, midday sun He ducked underwater again, pushing forward with strong strokes, and popped up again closer to shore.
“I know, I know.” Tony pulled him close, kissing his forehead. “I love it, by the way, beautiful. Inspired. Aaaand, it can wait.”
“Authentic 90s apparel. I have a few boxes back here from Malibu storage that I’ve never gone through. Can I still pull it off?”
Steve waved him off, and Tony dragged himself into the showers. He had a change of clothes in his locker, and he didn't have time to go back up to the penthouse before his call came in. He'd take a quick shower then motor down to the workshop to work for a few hours before his date -
He set Tony back on his feet and stepped back. Justin and Brock were gone and there was a fifty dollar bill on the table next to Steve’s phone. He swallowed hard, tried to speak, couldn’t.
Deathlok growled and charged forward. Tony tried to dodge again, but he was too slow, and three hundred pounds of metal and muscle crashed him through the closet door and pinned him to the far wall behind it. “Stamina?” Deathlok growled. “How’s this for stamina?”
The roof was built in two layers, the upper one windy and wild - where Loki’s device had been - but the lower was shielded by one wall of the penthouse, and it made a calm extra balcony that Tony never used. As far as he knew, Steve never used it either.
He rounded the corner and his skin heated at the sight of the soft glow from the art store’s lights. It was pavlov’s blush at this point. But Tony’s heart sank when he sidled up in front of the store and found the display already changed, the chalkboard advertising 20% off everything they’d featured over the past two weeks, a collection of art and supplies filling the window. But no Hot Window Guy. Tony checked his phone - 6:30pm. For whatever reason, he’d done the window early tonight.
If only Steve felt the same way about him. If only Tony could be the support he needed when things like this happened. But no, Steve didn't want him.
“No, no, that’s okay. I want you to be comfortable here.” Tony crawled in bed and pressed up against Steve. “Mmm, warm.” He kissed him soundly then rested his head on Steve’s chest. Steve wrapped an arm around him and tugged him closer.
Tony shrugged the same way he had when he'd first accepted Steve's hug offer. "I guess. If you don't mind."
His body was begging for release already, but Steve held off, focusing on controlling himself. He wanted this to last, and Tony showed no signs of flagging. If anything, Tony was enjoying himself more and more the harder he sucked, the faster he moved. There was a wet patch seeping through Tony’s pants right where the head of his cock pressed against the fabric of his pants.
Steve hesitated, but as the boy curved closer to the playground, he called out, “Hey,” before he could stop himself. The boy startled, pulled one earphone out and peered over towards Steve, then his mouth fell open, eyes going wide in an amusing reflection of Tony’s expression, his gaze fixed on Steve.
“Yeah.” Steve leaned against the door frame, keeping his body across the gap so Tony couldn’t even see inside let alone step in. Wind whipped stale rain across the fire escape, and Tony shivered in his too-light jacket. “I didn’t think you’d come back, honestly.” Steve shrugged. “Sorry.”
Steve hooked an arm around his neck, a relieved laugh startling out of him. “Worried about me, Stark?”
He should have told Tony how he felt, risks be damned. He’d waited with Peggy, too long, and now he’d made the same mistake again. And this time, he never even got the chance to taste a kiss from Tony’s lips, not even once. The fissure in his heart that had healed over once creaked and cracked once more.
“Me too.” Tony kissed him again. “Of course, I didn’t feel the need to replace you with a hundred little, yellow, furry butts.”
Tony took a deep breath and looked up, ready to confess, but the words died on his lips. “Is that a cat carrier?”
"Oh." Tony blinked at him then hurriedly took another sip of his coffee. "That's maybe the nicest thing anyone's ever said to me."
“Since when do they mix grounders with flyers?” Tony asked, the screams of the Skrull crowd dimmed in the hallway where they stood.
Its been like two years since I touched this fic but I do plan on working on it! Here is part 1 of Tony's side before the reunion of our boys! Hope you enjoy it! xD
“Well these babies will rock your world Cap,” Tony whispered back before Steve left his space and headed towards his awaiting commands. Thor patted him on the shoulder with a large smile on his face while Bucky gave Steve a playful look.
...Tony woke up with a start. Tentatively, He looked around to discover that he was back at the Avengers compound in the medbay. He lay back down and stared at the ceiling silently. FRIDAY probably sent out a signal of his location before he crash-landed allowing Rhodey or Vision to find him while he was unconscious. Which made sense since he programmed her that way in case anything were to happen.
“Yeah, uh, yes, yes I do,” Steve answered clumsily took off his bag that he had been carrying that held all the list of items Steve had needed to collect.
There was a loud crash and Tony looked up to see Rogers holding onto the windowsill railing looking down at him waving goodbye.
“I am good and safe in the city. It is you who need to stay safe Nomad,” Dum Dum replied forcing Steve into another hug. Steve just hugged his old friend one last time before heading back to his apartment.
“It was nothing,” Steve answered as they entered camp but Rhodey shook his head and repeated his gratitude.
After a long silence, Steve finally got the courage to speak his mind, “I don’t want this to be a goodbye, Tony. I...I have come to care...no I have come to love you and if you need me so I can stay here with you and help. The Avengers can go on without me but I don’t know if I can go on without you. I have come to realize that I could spend the rest of my life with you and that...I found a home, with you Tony. You gave me a home. I just...fuck I love you Tony Stark. You don’t have to feel the same but all I am asking for is a chance to win your love. Please? Uh-”
Moving forward with his plan, Steve sneakily took a blanket off a hook a few feet away, draped it over the horse’s back and opened the stall’s door.
“I will go get some food to go,” Steve decided, “give me half an hour and I will bring you the best food in town! I swear you will love it!”
“Love you too,” Bucky said walking away with a short wave leaving Steve alone with Tony for the first time since they got back to camp.
The longer Tony stared the more he just felt the need to do something, anything to try and wake the man up. If Tony could bring Rogers back then he could somehow help his f-him rest just a little better. How-Howard didn't much deserve it but just in case him and his mom ended up in the same place he shouldn't let her suffer Howard's sad bitterness.
“A little past seven,” Bucky replied, “we are going out and enjoying the streets of Brooklyn maybe terrorize a few bullies and flirt with a few girls, the usual.”
Papa Rhodes grabbed Tony’s arm halting him from his movement . Tony turned to look at him as he spoke, “listen son, I want you to know that you will always be family. Nothing can take our love for you. Nothing,”
Steve looked at Anton but could not really see his face but he smiled all the same. He looked back at the water and lifted his foot and-
gave him after his fights but it did not come. Perturbed Steve looked up to see Bucky looking back into the alley way angrily. For the first time Bucky was not angry with him. Maybe because it was the first time Steve did not start the fight.
“Ever since J-Rhodey passed on I became your living guardian. He left it all to me in hopes I would take care of things,” Steve replied, “I made sure to keep everything in order and manage it the best I could.”
“Hair? More like a bird’s nest who had lost its owner long ago,” Sam jabbed at Bucky who was about to snark back until he spotted Steve.
“Did he now?” Rhodey looked up at Steve with a saddened eyes but he could see the bit of relief in there too.
“Yeah, I noticed him trying to fix some things around camp and Sam’s redwing a few times and it looked like he wanted to take things apart and put them back together so I thought I could get him something that was just his,” Steve replied sheepishly as Tony beamed up at him while Rhodey looked pleased with what he said.
“T-t-tony,” Tony stuttered out not really knowing where these nerves were coming from. The hand in his hair tightened making him let out an involuntary noise before continuing, “Stark. Tony Stark.”
Tony finally reached the windowsill of the room and climbed onto the narrow wooden edge before saying, “Look me up when you are moving around more and want someone to show you the ropes of this crazy world. I would gladly help sleeping beauty out.”
Tony cut Steve’s ramblings with a kiss and Steve immediately reciprocated it. It wasn’t deep or dirty but long and breathtakingly sweet. Tony’s lips felt soft against Steve’s just how he pictured they would be. Tony wrapped his wings around their heads blocking the rest of the world from their view letting them savor this moment forever. They only pulled away to breathe.
They made it to camp as quick as they could. Bruce was luckily sitting right outside his tent and spotted them coming in and instantly went into doctor mode. Steve placed Happy on Bruce’s bed and rushed to get the supplies Bruce would need to get Happy healing and stable.
The van moved again and Steve just watched the man at the gate stand there getting smaller and less distinct until he disappeared out of view. It took only a few moments to realize that he had finally made it the training camp. Even more, so as Dr. Erskine peared through the flaps giving Steve a wide reassuring smile asking him how his ride was. Steve replied with a bland good throwing the driver and his passenger a dirty look. The doctor laughed and took him to his commanding officer.
“Hello,” she greeted him. He looked anywhere but at her for a few seconds before looking her in the eyes.
He had circled the neighborhood three times before Sam showed up to his right. Sam had no way of keeping up but he always loved to try even though he failed every time. Steve did not slow down at his friends arrival but always called “on your left!” with a large smile on his face as he passed him. Sam would always glare at him as he did but Steve always found his friend’s reaction to be quite funny.
“Come for me sweetheart,” Steve demanded getting up from where he was to kiss Tony on the lips. Tony gasped feeling overwhelmed as he complied to Steve’s order, coming fast and hard. It was like a shockwave running through his body.
A chance to spend your Valentine’s day with a mystery man who could bring something interesting into your life even for a night guaranteed.
When Steve picked up the vibranium shield for the first time it felt like coming home. Steve could not understand why but it gave him reminiscent feelings. Nostalgia. Holding the shield up made him feel comfortable in his own skin. He smiled allowing his fingers to trace over the metal.
“I don’t have time. I need...I need to get to him,” Steve growled frustrated that somehow his teammates aren’t just getting it.
Tony always dressed up in a disguise and took Steve into town to show him the way of his people. Tony had told him how his mother started a campaign to add lifts to higher structures for those who lost flying functionalities. It was one of the few things he had wanted to follow through with but never got the chance. So they stuck to the ground not wanting to accidentally show off his wings. Tony's, turns out, had the royal tribe's colors. It would be hard to miss the mix of red and gold.
Tony shook his head as they heard the other harpy try to cut into the conversation before Tony replied, “it wasn’t them. It was...it was someone else who betrayed me and left me for dead.”
Steve stepped outside feeling the soft bite of cold air brush up against his cheeks as he quickly wrapped the cloak around his shoulders. He was glad to have brought it with him because it was thick enough to ward the cold away but thin enough not to make him get too hot. Once the cloak was on securely and he checked for everything Steve began his daily run.
Steve began to move towards Tony's tent when a hand stopped him. Steve turned to see Bucky looking at him with a concerned look on his face. “If you are looking for Tony he is in your tent.”
Since then, Steve had recruited the same men he rescued from the Hydra base to help him take down more of them throughout Europe and traveled all over to find the Red Skull and his minion Zola. With every base a dread began to grow in his chest. Like he was getting closer and closer to the end. A part of him did not expect him to survive the war. He shook those thoughts away. He was after all Captain America. He was untouchable.
That was at least the truth up until Bucky fell to his death. Steve felt himself lose what little he had left. A part of his mind broke and another seemed to reach out comfortingly. The darkness was welcoming him urging him to continue. Steve stood at the opening staring at the cliffside knowing that he was far gone from Bucky now. Steve took a breath and let the anger and fear in for only a moment. For only a second. Once that second was over Steve went on to finish his mission wishing so much that he could kill Zola. But even Steve knew that the man was more useful to them alive.
The first thing he saw when he opened his eyes was Bucky. Steve smiled hiding his ache behind the smile. Most people believe he doesn’t know how to hide his feelings, that he wears his heart on his sleeve, but that was far from the truth. He never bothered to hold them back.
“Hm, is that so,” Rogers hummed as he began to lazily kiss Tony’s bare shoulder. He gasped at the contact, not expecting the man behind him to not only have a beard but be so handsy this quick after waking up. Though maybe, if this was his fantasy, he should not have been so surprised.
He moved towards the commotion knowing that Tony was in there probably freaking out. He probably needed a face he recognized even if it was one he did not particularly like. Still, Steve was willing to work at getting Tony to forgive him. One step at a time Rogers.
Steve awoke in the middle of the night crying. He could not remember why. His breath was short and he could feel a raging heat begin to seep into his bones. It seemed like nothing he could do can shake it off. He looked around almost not recognizing his own room. His hands began to shake as he got up from his small bed.
It didn't stop him from approaching the man. He looked closely at Rogers’ face stepping as close he dared. Tony has just lost his parents and somehow finding the one man his father remotely seemed to care about was hard and shocking. Was this where How-
“Yeah,” Steve spoke a little breathless, “not like I planned on winning...you know my luck isn’t so great Buck.”
“Tony-“ “and anyways, Steve here bought me a traveling workshop Rhodey!” Tony cut his friend off forcing them to change the subject. The other harpy looked ready to argue but decided that maybe it was good to move on from such subjects while they were still very fresh.
Finally, after what felt like forever, Tony felt Steve’s tongue against the slit of his cock taking one slow lap across it. Tony dared to look down and locked eyes with Steve as he smiled mischievously as if he knew exactly how to drive Tony mad and was going to do just that. Keeping their eyes locked Steve bent forward once again and took the head of Tony’s cock in his mouth; Tony saw stars. Steve took Tony’s reaction as permission to continue and he began to happily suck and take more of Tony into his mouth until he hit took all of him in.
“Next time you ride with me though,” Rhodey commented pulling Tony out of Steve’s arms and into his. Steve yearned for the loss of heat that radiated. From Tony’s body. Steve wondered if Rhodey was trying to say something.
Tony tapped on Rhodey’s shoulder and both Rhodey and papa Rhodes turned to look at Tony knowingly. Tony felt guilty for taking away some of their happiness in that moment but there is another time to celebrate. Tony lead them back home in a rush rarely stopping for anything.
Pepper stared worried as she looked for indecision in Tony’s eyes. There was none. And so she nodded. That was now the start of it all. That nod. Steve could feel the change in atmosphere. Tony seemed to lose the little quirky side that he loved so much and grew serious. It was terrifying to watch since Steve could feel Tony radiating command and power within a moment. Tony was raised as a prince and as the future ruler of his people, he probably had to learn this kind of skills early. Steve was willing to do anything Tony needed to achieve his new goal.
“I don’t need your help asking my girl to cut my hair,” Bucky grumbled but nodded at Steve’s suggestion anyway. Bucky was sensitive that way sometimes ever since he had lost his arm.
There were many more casual images of just Steve, Tony and occasionally their son. But it was the last picture that hit him the hardest. Tony knew, with absolute certainty, that it was taken on their wedding day. They were both wearing white tailored suits with matching red and blue ties. Steve had Tony pressed against his chest with his arms wrapped around Tony’s waist in a loving and firm embrace. From the angle they were standing Tony could see Steve’s wedding band glimmering shamelessly back at him.
Steve almost shamefully forgot he had a partner following behind him  sometimes since Tony refused to speak and walked so lightly on his claws. Though Tony had a limp, from what he could tell, that Steve probably will insist Tony get it looked at by Bruce when they get to camp. Well Bruce will have to do a good check up and make sure there are no hidden wounds or poisons that may hurt Tony more than he is hurting now. Steve really did not want Tony to die of some poison or illness that went unchecked. That would be a cruel fate for such a beautiful harpy.
The merchant contemplated for a moment before replying, “twenty-three and no refunds. You buy him, you keep him.”
Tony introduced his family in order of where they stood. The closest to Steve was a harpy named Rhodey. He was seemed to be the head of the group and the one who acted like a defensive wall against Steve’s team; Rhodey, after all, was the same harpy who had quite a sharp tongue when he spoke to Steve and Thor earlier. It seemed like he was determined to fight all of them if he needed to protect his family from the Avengers. Steve shook his hand because he may not trust him fully but he sure did respect him.
Tony just nodded quickly keeping his eyes locked on the crowd behind them. Steve took one last look as well to make sure they were not spotted before darting off into the night towards his apartment complex. The streets were mostly empty since most are either in pubs drinking themselves silly, already passed out drunk on the streets or at home if they were not already a part of the greeting crowd. Tony stayed close behind trying his hardest to keep up with Steve’s speed. Steve had to pace himself to make sure not to go too fast but sometimes he forgets that he is not alone. Still, Steve hears the little tired grunts Tony makes and he knows he is going too fast so he slows down once again.
“I’m sorry,” Steve told him, even though he was long past hearing. At the end of it all, it was Steve’s heart that made the decision for him. Maybe Tony could accept his own death, but Steve couldn’t, not when he had a way to keep even just a part of him. Even knowing that Tony would probably hate him for it, tell him it wasn’t worth it, for Steve it would be, knowing that some piece of Tony would live on forever, even if it wasn’t with him.
“Nu-!” Tony tried, sticky crumbs spilling out. “I hef ta- tu- oo-” Tony tried, but Steve just shook his head affectionately and walked out.
“Um.” Steve was stock still, staring at Tony with such utter bewilderment that Tony rewound the conversation four times and replayed it in his head.
“Oh god.” Steve’s eyes blew black, and he swallowed heavily. He went limp under Tony’s weight with his next breath. His eyes flashed up at Tony, filled with a flavour of challenge he’d never seen before. “Alright…” Steve breathed. “Take me.”
“Oh, for fucks sake,” Tony says, glaring down at his rediscovered nudity. “I’m starting to think it wasn’t even a byproduct of the time travel. Cukoo brain is just kinky as fuck.”
Tony snaked his arm around Steve’s waist and squeezed, then shifted his hand up to curl over Anthony’s back. “Hmm, Junior gets to have the prime chest real estate. Hardly seems fair.”
Tony's rambles were cut off by a stomach churning wail from the living room. Steve levitated off the floor as Tony threw himself back to where he'd left Ant sitting in front of the couch. He was still there, but he was howling - not the dry frustrated yell of not getting enough attention, or the soggy, snuffly whimper of an overtired baby; this was a full on screech of pain or fear.
Tony twisted his sleeve around his fingers in a surprisingly meek gesture. “Where did you say you lived?”
Steve laughed, Tony bouncing a little as his chest rose and fell. “Alright, perfect. I just - uh - I have to run upstairs. Brush my teeth and stuff.”
At least that question was straightforward. Nothing else ricocheting around in Tony’s mind made any sense at all. “No… no, I’m not hurt. Just - just my wrists are a little sore…”
Tony backed Steve up against the elevator wall and kissed him until the swooping in his stomach was from more than just rocketing up eighteen floors. Steve pulled away from Tony’s mouth and nibbled his way behind his ear and down his neck.
It was pure, utter freedom, bright, exhilarating, and terrifying in the best possible way. Steve could see why Tony loved it, why the suit was part of him. He could feel the armour thrumming with the life Tony had given it, and as responsive and comfortable as it was, there was no doubt that Steve was a guest here. No one could fly Iron Man like Tony could.
But Steve wasn’t like that. He’d never been great at sleeping. When he was young, his aches and pains would flare up at night, and, more often than not, he’d have an asthma attack as soon as he did fall asleep which would leave him gasping for breath, exhausted. And even when all of that was gone and he was strong and healthy, he still struggled to sleep. No one slept well in the army. A combination of being packed in like sardines, the weather, the bugs, the mud. It all made it nearly impossible. A lot of people did better when they got back, but Steve never adjusted. He’d lie awake, and it would be either too loud or too quiet, no matter what.
Tony shook his head. “They’ll think you don’t want me,” he said in a small voice. “No matter what you say, my parents will think I fuc- screwed it up and you don’t want me.”
Tony gazed into Bucky's eyes, his hands cupping his cheeks. "I love you," he whispered. He leaned in and stole a kiss, heart pounding, and Bucky's arms wrapped around his waist.
“Yup.” Tony settled the container on Steve’s lap then peeled open another, almost identical, container of fried rice. Rowdy whined softly.
"I walked. I live just a few blocks that way and work a few the other way. It's no trouble." The man's smile deepened. "Don't worry about it. I've got almost everything I need."
“Honey, I love you, you know I do, and I think you’re gorgeous and incredible and perfect every day, but when you’re like this -”
Steve spread his arms wide, holding his sign out to the side to free up the space between them. "Yup!"
Tony choked and gasped around Steve’s cock, spilling more drool over his balls, but the clenching of his muscles and his frantic squirming against the lack of oxygen only added to Steve’s horrified pleasure. There was a minute shift, and Tony stilled, able to breathe again.
Tony huffed. “I am very, very aware of how freezing it is, Steve. I’m calling an owlologist and an eviction lawyer tomorrow, first thing in the morning, and we’re getting those damn birds out of the chimney. I’m not eating cold, canned ravioli again. And I was hoping that I’d be using your naked body for more than huddling for warmth this weekend.”
Tony grips the front of Steve’s uniform with two hands to keep him upright. He wants to make a joke, throw out a quip or a clever one-liner, but all he can do is say, “Okay,” because he really, really does want to.
, flickered down Tony’s spine, settled somewhere deep, and his grip slipped. He let go and plunged into pure pleasure, the world going white-hot blackout and then cutting into the fuzzy static of a missing radio station. He thrummed, free-floating and easy, distantly aware of Steve’s cock still plunging in him over and over as he pulsed over his own chest and stomach. Everything else was a sea of sensation he couldn’t put a name to.
They did two more takes, but Tony doubted they were any good. He could feel himself resisting the wince every time his lips met Bucky's, and that never showed well on camera. He had to get his shit together cause he was a goddamn professional, but he was also heartbroken and he just wanted to wallow for a while, eat dairy-free ice cream, and pout. Maybe spend too much time on Bucky's instagram.
“I think I’m going to die of boredom before exposure,” Tony sighed, rolling from the moth-bitten couch onto the floor and letting himself flop there.
Tony couldn't possibly have meant it that way, wanting to talk about armour and strategy, but Steve couldn't stop himself from feeling all the potential that was packed into
So far, his days at BU were about the same as MIT, though today was a little lower, but that could be attributed to the weather.
The rest of them were quiet, obviously walking wounded, and Tony didn’t even have to ask to know what they’d seen. Clint was fine, he hadn’t been hit, but Nat had a darkness in her eyes that Tony had never seen before, and Bruce - well, Bruce was barely talking at all.
JARVIS quietly cancelled all investigative processes and returned to normal operations. He marked a note on the missing data as
“Hallucinogens,” came Clint’s voice from the hallway. “They were torturing him. Probably trying to break his mind so he’d tell them anything they wanted. Maybe even become a vessel for complete brainwashing.”
Tony shuddered through his release, chest heaving against Steve's. He waited for the tentacles to being their rhythmic rocking again but the tendril hooked around his shoulder stretched across his chest and then more and more of them were moving. Tony cried out in surprise when Steve was pulled away from him, the places their bodies were connected ripped apart. He clutched at Steve's hand, but the tentacles merely slithered up between their palms and worked their fingers loose.
Steve tugged, and Tony ended up flush against his chest. They kissed, both smiling enough that it was more tooth than lip, and Natasha couldn’t help smiling too. Their love seemed to expand to fill whatever space they were put in, and it was exceedingly nice to float in it alongside them, warm and happy. They’d taken this team and turned it into a family. A family that was about to get a tiny bit bigger.
Bruce sat down heavily in an armchair with a huff. “I was going to go to that conference upstate about advances in gamma radiation sensing technology, but my car won’t start. The mechanic can’t come out and look at it until Monday so I guess I have to Skype in.”
“I’ve never been better,” Tony said, and even though his wrists were sore and he was dehydrated and had to pee at the same time, he was woozy from being knocked out, and chilled to his bones, despite all that, it wasn’t a lie.
He thought about the phone for the nine millionth time. He wasn’t sure if he was more scared that Steve would answer or that he wouldn’t, but Tony didn’t know what he’d do either way so it remained untouched in the bottom of his suitcase.
Steve was standing over one of the dog houses, his back to Tony, his hips shaking softly side to side in a samba beat Tony had taught him last time they’d gone dancing. Tony wanted to watch him, but he wanted to touch him more. “Steve!”
Steve was surprised by the laugh that burbled out of his chest. He remembered that about Tony. He'd made him laugh a lot, even in bed. It wasn't just sexy, it was
Tony was clever and beautiful and funny and incredibly kind. He thought little of himself, but everything of everyone else. He was exactly the kind of good soul who deserved a fairy’s blessing. And Steve knew he didn’t deserve anything in return, but oh, did he want. He wanted Tony’s touches, Tony’s smiles, Tony’s heart.
Steve nodded, but the movement was short and sharp, barely more than a twitch of his head. Tony’s soulmark ached.
Tony closed his wallet again and slipped it in his pocket. "Thanks, again. It really means a lot that you'd return this instead of selling it on eBay."
Steve startled back from the wall, the spray can in his hand falling to the ground with a rattle. “Shit!” He spun around, ready to give the speaker a piece of his mind, but when his mouth fell open, no sound would come out.
Steve is stuck on a long layover in an uncomfortable airport. He decides to go on Tinder to pass the time.
"Ahh!" Anthony yelped and flung himself sideways into Steve's arms. Thankfully, Steve's enhanced reflexes let him catch the boy and steady his tea at the same time. He settled Anthony on his hip then reached out blindly until he found the coffee table to set his mug down.
Tony laughed and pulled his boyfriend down until they were wrapped up together in their silly little nest, Steve in his earplugs, Tony in his tight, taut blankets. Now, Steve could mess the rest up and throw them all over the bed, and Tony wouldn’t even notice. And Tony could babble on about whatever he wanted and Steve wouldn’t hear him.
“So did I.” Steve brushed Tony’s hair back from his face. “But we can’t have that. So we have the next best thing - you’ll grow old, with me right here beside you. And even when time wears on, I’ll remember. I’ll always remember.”
Tony watched Steve ratchet tighter. It was like every one of his gears was rusting before Tony’s eyes, clenching and catching and creaking. Creases that Steve’s perfect face usually didn’t display appeared at the corner of his eyes. His hands clenched into fists at his sides, then released, then clenched again.
Peggy and Bucky peeled off to go the two blocks to Peggy’s place and get their stuff - Bucky had stashed his there earlier - and Sam and Clint both lugged garment bags along with their backpacks. Steve had nothing but his only pair of dress shoes in a grocery bag that bumped against his leg as he walked.
If you have workskins on, you can hover over (click on mobile) the other languages for translations, if you don't, translations will be in the end notes!
Tony snorted. “Stark-ly. I wish.” He ran a shaky finger over the faded newspaper clipping, then flipped it over again to stare at the picture it was glued to the back of. He picked up his cup again and drained it dry. “Fucking Batman.”
Steve had given up everything for his fairy powers. He’d given up a small, sickly body, destined to die young, in exchange for safety, strength, health, and a chance to help others. It had been an easy decision then, but now…
The truth was, they probably didn’t want him there, anyway. They were all sick of having to fetch and carry for Tony, help him hobble everywhere, bring him drinks, and distract him from the damn itching.
Tony slammed backwards into the wall, and even through the Iron Man armour, pain reverberated through his body. He was running out of tricks. The receptionist’s guns had been decommissioned by Deathlok’s power. Tryp and Madrox were long gone. As was so often the case, it was just the two of them left.
Tony took one last look then dropped the chart in the bucket by the door and stepped away, typing out a message to Dr. Cho admitting he’d stolen another ER patient.
He had a feeling he knew what Steve had seen, so once debriefed, he took the elevator up to Steve's room and knocked on the door.
Tony reached out and took Steve’s hand in his, winding their fingers into a tight hold. “Thank you.” He tugged a little and Steve leaned closer, eyes going wide. Tony pressed their lips together, soft, gentle: a promise. “They’re perfect.” He kissed Steve again, and Steve melted into this one, every inch of him pressed up against every inch of Tony; they stayed there for a long time, swaying gently to the music they could just barely hear from the party beneath them, orbiting around a shaped point.
"Not again," Steve groaned, as the effects of the serum melted away. It felt like the ground shot up towards him, when in fact, he was shooting down to meet it. Half his height and half his weight gone, he sighed down at his shoes.
Steve gripped the back of the office chair in front of him. He needed to just say it and get it over with. He'd already wasted enough of Tony's time. "I'm really sorry," he started with, "to interrupt your work day, like this. I wasn't really sure when was a good time."
JARVIS reviewed the error code. There was a section of data missing from his logs. He reviewed the logs but could find no reason for the missing section. It was simply… gone.
Steve advances on him, and Tony can’t help taking a stumbling step backwards, but Steve catches him by both shoulders and holds on tight. He gets up close in Tony’s space. “It was you,” he finally breathes.
Steve glanced back at Tony’s crotch. He was thrusting against nothing, in time with his movements down Steve’s cock now. Steve could imagine the barely-there, too soft and too rough friction of Tony’s underwear being all he got and a shiver ran down his spine. "You going to come on my cock, Tony? You’re going to, aren’t you? You filthy thing. You’re so hard from sucking me off, you’re not going to be able to stop yourself. Come on, Tony. Come for me. I want to see - ah - fuck -” Steve’s fingers twisted through Tony’s hair and held on, unable to stop bouncing him up and down on his cock at the perfect pace his body required. Tony went limp in his hold, letting himself be used, until Steve pushed him down to the base and cried out as he shot come down Tony’s throat, wave after wave, the race forgotten.
He couldn’t pretend the plate was still dirty, so he finally flicked on the tap and rinsed it off then put it in the drainer to dry. That was the last of them. He was out of excuses.
Tony was quiet for a long time, the phone a dead weight in his pocket. Just as heavy, was the unsent message he had drafted to the one number saved in its contacts. “I know.”
Bucky grabbed Tony's face between his hands and pressed a kiss to his forehead. "Like a house on fire. Let's get this shoot over with so I can see Steve before he leaves, yeah?"
Steve sucked, then lapped hard over Tony’s hole. He stretched him even wider then pressed the tip of his tongue inside, swirling around the edge and pressing into the slowly relaxing muscles. Tony’s cock throbbed with need, leaking pre-come that dripped down onto Steve’s chest and pooled between his pecs. Every swipe and press of Steve’s tongue drove another wave of tingling pleasure right out to the tip of Tony’s cock and vibrated there.
He groaned against Tony's lips as the creatures slotted their bodies together. Tony was hot and slick and clenched tight around Steve's cock, a little wider than the tentacle that had been buried there before. "Oh god, Tony you feel so good," Steve whined, the tentacles pushing on his hips until he was buried up to the base.
By the time Matthew Broderick was busting out of NORAD, Tony was seething. The two of them were watching the movie, but also leaning over to whisper in each other’s ears, intertwined on the loveseat they were sharing.
“You should’ve asked for her number,” Tony said, perhaps a bit harshly, shoving his sunglasses on then stuffing his hands in his pockets.
Steve backed out of the shower area and back into the main locker room. "JARVIS, assemble the Avengers. Tony's been taken. The tower might be under attack." Steve wrenched open his locker and tugged out his uniform.
Steve rolled his eyes, but he let himself be led away, down the hall. He’d warn Tony about Greg later.
“Steve, huh? I like it.” Tony folded his elbows over the edge of the table and leaned in. “So? Five thousand sound good? If it takes a long time, I can throw in a bonus.”
They re-built the nest with sleeping in mind, laying out Rowdy’s blanket at their feet. The living room carpet was soft and squishy, and the stack of pillows and blankets made a pretty cosy place to curl up, in the end. Tony propped up his tablet and set it playing its way through their Disney Classics playlist. Halfway through Lion King, Steve started yawning, and Tony pulled him close against his chest, tucking a blanket around his shoulders. Steve wiggled his feet down until they were safe under Rowdy’s substantial bulk, and breathed in the soft, homey scent of Tony.
He didn’t see much of Tony during the school week. Tony was a two years younger and one grade above Steve, but Peggy knew Tony through their parents, so when he transferred to their school at the beginning of the year, she’d introduced them. And now… well now it was the knowledge that he’d have Tony to himself for four hours every Friday that got Steve through the rest of the week.
"It gets stuck," Tony said smoothly, reaching out to take Anthony in his arms. "And it can't get from the power station to our house. The people who work for the power company have to go get it unstuck."
“Okay. Step back.” Tony already had his hand in the drawer, pulling out a shot of epinephrine. He pulled the boys pajama pants down and stabbed it in his thigh, ignoring the whimper of sympathetic pain from his father. A nurse had already hooked up a monitor and put in a line, so Tony waited, watching the O2 stats and praying they’d go up. The kid was borderline right now, getting just enough oxygen from the mask that they could afford to wait and let the epi do its thing.
Steve heard shuffling by the door, and Tony appeared, typing on his phone. Steve turned back to Thor. “You can borrow mine.”
It’s a long time before Steve pulls back, licking Tony’s taste - coffee and peanut butter and quite a bit of mud - off his lips with a happy sigh. Tony is blinking at him like he’s been struck across the face and he can’t remember which way gravity is supposed to go. He’s got the puppy up in front of his heart like a shield. She flops her mouth open and grins at Steve, tongue lolling out. Steve bends forward again until his forehead kisses Tony’s, and Tony’s eyes flutter shut for a moment.
If Tony’s intention was simply to distract Steve, he was deeply dedicated to the task. He teased Steve’s mouth open with his tongue and licked inside, pushing the kiss deep and dirty immediately. Surprise and pleasure hummed their way through Steve, drowning out everything else until all he knew was Tony’s mouth. Tony kissed like a drowning man searching for air, and it was all Steve could do not to climb over the table and find it for him. He was hot and insistent, eager and driving, and it was everything Steve had ever wanted.
"You could have just used your words, Buck. I totally get it if you don't want to hang out with me. But if you said that, I'd stop asking, and this wouldn't have to be awkward."
Steve just shook his head. He dipped a cloth in the bowl of cool water and wiped it across Tony’s brow again. Tony tried to slap him away. Steve knew Tony couldn’t understand him right now, was seeing something that wasn’t there, but he couldn’t help but murmur, “You’re okay, Tony. I’ll never hurt you.” He just had to wait this fever out.
. Fix it. Tony was a fixer, the mechanic. He wanted to fix Steve, but this wasn’t his strong suit - hurting, angry, lonely people. He was good at being one of them, and if he knew how to fix it, he’d probably have started with himself. As it was, he cycled through everything Jarvis had ever said to him when he was angry. None of it seemed to apply. Steve had the right to be angry; he should be furious.
“Just a friend. Thanks for the save. Thanks for everything.” Tony’s about to add more, maybe too much, maybe say something dangerous and affectionate and unwelcome to a Steve that’s nearly a century from knowing him, but then there’s a pull low in his gut, and he recognizes it as the same feeling that tugged him here in the first place. He grins, says “Bye, Steve!” and stays just long enough to hear Steve yell, “Hey! How do you know my -?!” before he’s yanked back to 2015.
Tony stilled too. He had a conference call in half an hour and he still needed to shower first, but he'd never pass up a chance to spend more time with Steve. He waited for Steve to say something, but he didn't, chewing idly on the end of his water bottle. Tony scrambled wildly for some excuse to keep sharing space with him. He opened his mouth to speak, but nothing came out, no brilliant ideas coming to mind, though a hot flush came to his cheeks. This crush was really getting out of hand.
The tables were packed, men, women, all laughing and talking together. Most of the tables on the upper level had card games going on, piles of pennies at each player's elbow. It smelled like cigar smoke, which Steve didn't mind so much, cigarette smoke, which made him think of his mother, and scotch.
“This… thing. It’s not working. I crossed an ocean to get away from this thing and it just… it just followed me there. I missed you more there than I do when I’m here in the tower and we’re not talking.”
Tony dragged his feet on the last day of the sale, a painful, vibrating sort of apprehension deep in his gut. It was his last day with an excuse to see Hot Window Guy, and he was going to have to actually talk to him or give up on ever seeing him again.
Steve sat up, pulling his face out of his hands. That was Tony’s voice he heard. Tony was awake? He stood, wiped his still-damp face on a towel, and poked his head into the hall. He couldn’t see anyone, but the door to his and Nat’s room was just closing, and a moment later, he caught the creak of old hardwood coming from the stairs.
This was all he'd ever wanted, and now he had it; how they got here was irrelevant. Steve was his now, close and hot and strong, and
“You really want to know?” Greg leaned over to whisper in Steve’s ear. “Tonight… you swapped ties after the keynote.”
"Oh no." Steve turned huge puppy-dog eyes on Tony. "I'm really flattered. This is all a bit overwhelming, but I'm really happy to get to know you, Tony. Looks like I was the one who figured out time travel instead, so I could come meet you. I'm glad you were the one who found me."
Tony almost didn't register it at first - the light touch on his ankle - so preoccupied he was with his imaginary partner. He was almost expecting another's touch, but a heartbeat later, his body processed the soft brush over his heel as real, and he startled back, eyes flying open.
A rustling wind chime drew Tony’s attention, and he slipped out the front door to follow the soft noise. A gentle breeze ruffled his hair. It smelled like summer out here, all the time. It was kind of amazing, really. There was nothing but fields, and trees, and vast emptiness as far as the eye could see, which, granted, wasn’t as far as usual in the pressing dark. But it was still soothingly quiet, devoid of aliens and wormholes and HYDRA weapons and teenagers who could turn your brain inside out.
"Shit." Bucky darted up and peeked over the crate. "I see four of them!" he shouted, loud enough to be picked up by the boom. Back behind cover, he hissed at Tony, "It's not that I don't want to hang out with you."
Tony leaned back against the mirrored wall of the hotel, pressing his flushed forehead to the cool glass. He already had his jacket off, and his shirt was three buttons down, but it wasn’t helping banish the heat that crackled under his skin.
Steve’s face collapsed. “No, no, sweetheart. I’m so sorry. It wasn’t true. None of it was true. They were in my apartment, and I didn’t want them to know about you. I was here in town on an undercover mission. It was my first day, scouting things out, when you bumped into me at the market. I wasn’t supposed to meet you… I wasn’t supposed to fall in love. I’m so sorry. I put you in so much danger.” Steve crouched down and rested a hand on each of Tony’s knees. “I understand if you don’t ever want to see me again, but I need to know if you’re hurt. Did they hurt you?”
Tony froze. Steve Rogers was asking him about Grindr? Who had even told him about Grinder? Who had told him about online dating? Who had told him about
He would have watched paint dry as long as he was doing it with Tony. They worked their way through most of Tony’s vast library of fighting games.
Steve pushed off the couch and went to the kitchen, making grilled cheese sandwiches on autopilot while thoughts of Tony continued to roll around in his mind. What if Tony really had meant for this to be a date? That's how he imagined it would happen. One day, Tony would just say "Hey, Steve, we should take this to the next level, right?" and all Steve would have to say would be, "Yes," and it would be easy and happy and perfect.
"I'm okay." Steve took a moment to really think about it when Tony's brows creased. "I really am. I mean this isn't - I -" Steve stuttered around admitting that he'd pictured this, them together, but not in this way, not when it wasn't this choice. But it seemed he didn't have to say it.
Steve ignored her, letting Clint lead her up front to talk strategy. But instead of joining them, Tony sat down next to Steve. “You okay?”
For my bday prompt party. sunnyzhp22 asked for: Steve is an (illegal) graffiti artist and runs into Tony after he is caught painting one of his warehouses
as he tripped over something. Steve stopped immediately and spun around to find Tony on his knees, wiping grass and mud off his palm. Steve walked back with a sigh and helped him back up to his feet, dropping Tony’s arm as soon as he was steady. He looked down at the ground. “You should go back in…”
The thugs, it seems, don’t. Tall, Dark, and Crooked Nose throws the first punch, and luckily Tony’s expecting it, knocking his fist to the side easily. But Short, Squat, and Giant Forehead, dives in after - all flail and no finesses, but he’s got twenty pounds on Tony, and he’s got pants on, so he has the upper hand pretty quickly.
“Ew. You guys sound like someone trying to eat soup with a fork,” Rhodey said from the table. “And did you really name your cat after Han Solo?”
Hot Window Guy’s eyebrows shot up, then he smiled, eyes dropping down to his shoes then flicking back up to Tony’s. “We don’t sell coffee here.”
"I'm pretty sure if I told my therapist about all these late night calls she'd tell me it was a self-destructive cycle or something. I can't stop though. If I don't have the phone, then you're - Anyway. It doesn't matter. You'll never find out."
“Yeah, baby.” Tony tipped his head back and closed his eyes, both hands landing in Steve’s hair. It was twisted and mussed from his helmet, and Tony combed through the strands, smoothing it out again as Steve’s mouth worked its way closer to Tony’s cock. Steve’s skin was still cool, but his tongue licked a hot swathe up the length of Tony’s shaft, and he shuddered, from tip to tail, toes curling in the sheets.
Arranged Marriage, Young Tony, Older Steve, Captain Rogers, Pre-Wedding Jitters, Meeting for the First Time.
JARVIS’s emergency alarm cut through Tony’s music, flushing hot adrenaline through his veins. He jerked upright, having slid nearly flat in his chair while he thought. “What is it?” He was halfway to the armour before he’d even asked his legs to move.
Tony’s hands found Steve’s hair and ruffled through it. “I’m sure you would have gotten used to it.” Tony sighed. “You can’t tell me it wouldn’t be nice for you to be in a relationship with someone closer to your own age.”
Steve took a stuttering step forward, then realized there was a nurse in the room. He opened his mouth, staring wide-eyed at her. He couldn’t ask the question.
“No, no. We’re um, I mean. We are sleeping together. But it’s not exclusive. He just comes over sometimes. You know…”
“We should take him out in the snow today,” Steve said, after the soft silence had stretched on long enough that he thought both the Starks might have fallen back asleep.
"Steve…" Tony wanted to warn him, knew what must be coming next, but Steve just shook his head. Tony felt a touch on his finger that didn't feel like the tentacles and he craned his head up to see Steve's hand working its way across the smooth white wall. The tentacle around Steve's wrist didn't seem to mind, actually reaching out to bind itself to the tentacle that held Tony, and Steve took the opportunity to wind their fingers together.
Steve gabbed an afghan off the back of the couch and slipped out the door after him. Tony’s head popped up at the noise, over the back of the swing.
Steve paused, ears straining for the sound of engines one more time, but there was nothing. Help wasn’t coming.
The coffeemaker was spewing brown water all over the kitchen, the hissing having shifted to a sad whine. Clint braved the deluge to smack the off button and, after a moment longer, the spray slowed then fizzled out with a depressing bubbling.
to him, Tony. I'm giving you my blessing to talk to him about anything you like, even though I won't be there, okay? I know we do these relationship talks all together, but if you have to wait any longer on this one, you may actually implode. So stop him on a break tomorrow and just ask."
Bucky startled up from where he'd been hunched over his laptop, poking at a journal article. He stared at his husband, perplexed. "What?"
would have been all the way at the bottom of the list. And yet… that was exactly where he was headed.
At least, that was all he could see, until now, when two figures came bursting out of the big bay doors and started stomping through the pristine snow. Steve set his book aside and leaned back in his chair to watch.
Tony looked through the glass wall into the golden eyes of his soulmate. “Well. Guess you’re stuck with me now. Lucky you.”
Results from this experiment have been disappointing at best. Subjects are widely disparate in terms of vital statistics and sexual performance. It's entirely unclear if this is an accurate subset of Earthling representation.
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
Tony rolled his eyes and made his way to the elevator. He didn’t know who could be at the door that JARVIS couldn’t take care of himself. When he reached the downstairs delivery door, Tony pulled it open only to be met with quite a sight. A man in the fanciest clothes imaginable stood with a gold platter in hand. On the platter was a crisp white envelope with Tony picked out in shiny, silver pen. The man raised a tiny trumpet to his lips and played a few notes.
“I mean -” Tony shrugged. The only way to get out of this with his dignity intact was to hurt Steve, and that was something he definitely couldn’t do. “Yeah. Yeah, I would.”
Tony snorted. “I was exhausted, broken, beaten, starving, and terrified the first time I flew. If I could manage it then, you can manage it now.”
“Oh.” Tony stood still and silent while he considered his options for having the floor swallow him whole. Obviously, the best solution would have been to have originally made the floors out of nano tech that could be controlled the same way as his suit, but it was a little late for that. Maybe DUM-E could set something on fire and he’d be urgently needed elsewhere, but how to signal that to JARVIS?
When Steve felt himself teetering on the edge of yet another orgasm, the point of the thin tendril pressed against the slit of his cock while he was still inside Tony. It was extreme stimulation - every nerve in Steve's body on fire with pleasure - and he cried out against Tony's mouth, hips stuttered forward as he pointlessly chased a more it wasn't possible to find. His cock throbbed, spilling even more inside, and Tony moaned and clutched him closer.
“Fuck Tony, it’s like you were born to suck cock. Is this how you’ve been getting by? Crossing the country with a dick in your mouth? I hope so. It’s the best use for you.” Steve glanced down to see Tony’s hips start to move in desperate little half-thrusts, but there was nothing for him to get friction against.
The Dollhouse was about five blocks from their apartment, its front entrance actually down an alley behind a funeral parlour and through the back door into the basement. Bucky knocked four times in a sharp rhythm, and the door cracked, then a moment later swung all the way open. "This is my buddy," Bucky said to the goliath who was bouncing the door. "Steve. Steve this is Thor."
When they settled on the final prognosis that Steve would just have to wait it out, Steve immediately dropped to his feet and made a beeline for the door.
Tags: Silliness, Meet Awkward, Humour, Sex Jokes and References to Sex, MIT Grad Student Tony, Captain America Steve, stonyclunks.
Tony sniffed hard and rubbed his wet sleeve over his face. Did it count as being dumped if you were delusional about whether you were dating or not in the first place? It definitely still counted as getting your heart broken.
The waiter reappeared with two plates and set them down on the table. Tony upended the ketchup over his fries then shoved one in his mouth.
Steve grinned. “Awesome. Gimmie your number.” He handed his phone over and Tony typed his number in, clearly holding back a grin of his own.
“Tony, I took her to the vet for her shots. I put it in the calendar.” Steve was doing his disapproving face and Tony pouted back.
But a drug was hardly needed to make him lose his head when the tentacles finished exploring every inch of him and began unerringly torturing the parts that made him gasp and groan the hardest. A thin tendril wound around his cock from base to tip, its point teasing the underside of the head, and he wondered if it would push inside as another one had to Tony. He tensed, half horrified and half desperate, but it didn't explore his slit, choosing to pulse pleasantly around his throbbing length instead.
Tony shot him a look. "They were most definitely filming that. They were scientists, studying us, did you not notice?"
"You'll always be Cap to me." Tony winked then bent and pressed a kiss to the top of Anthony's head. Then his smile slowly faded to a frown. "Wait. He's not going to sleep right here, is he?"
Deathlok leaned in, lips peeled back in a sneer. Despite the damage and the scarring, one blue eye met Tony’s and it was all Steve. Still Steve.
"Trying to sort out which shoes to pack now and which to keep out. Between the three of us, we have a shocking amount." Steve paused, his fingers twitching against the collar of Tony's shirt. "I should get back to it."
“Bucky?” Tony sat up and rubbed his eyes. He glanced at the clock. It was three in the morning. “What’s wrong?”
Natasha tossed her book aside and stood, rounding the couch to join them. All the blood had drained out of Tony’s face and he was clutching the edge of the table to stay upright. Steve had a hand rested on his arm, terror written all over his face.
“You sure you’re not hurt?” Steve whispered after a few minutes of nothing but clutching Tony close.
"I'm sure. I'm sure. It's fine." Steve leaned over both of them to kiss Ant on the cheek. "You're okay, honey. Do you need a band-aid?"
“Uh, Mr. Stark -” Steve started, not sure what he was going to say. Mr. Stark wasn’t reaching for his phone to call the police, but Steve also didn’t know how long he’d been standing there - damn his shitty hearing and this was exactly why he usually made Bucky go along as his lookout - maybe he’d already called and they were on their way.
Tony grimaced but nodded. Steve left for the gym, waving to Janet on the way out. It was almost five minutes before Tony showed up. “Please tell me you really want to spar.”
"Okay." Tony led Steve into the workshop, heart overflowing with affection. A game, a movie, it wasn't much, but if it was all Tony got, he'd take it. Then he looked down and realized that Steve was still holding on to the hand that Tony had helped him up with, and he showed no signs of letting go any time soon.
Tony started laughing, and Steve was briefly distracted by the way the corners of his eyes crinkled. He could see why Tony had earned his playboy reputation; he was painfully attractive in person. “I’m not going to call the cops, ‘Captain’.” He smirked, and Steve’s breath caught.
But Steve laughed, creases crinkling the corners of his eyes. “It’s fine. I’m not much for ceremony, anyway. Thank you, Tony.” He gestured towards the small stage at the back of the room, unused chair piled up on it. “Want to sit for a minute?”
“Since when do they mix grounders with flyers?” Tony asked, the screams of the Skrull crowd dimmed in the hallway where they stood.
Steve's jaw was tight, eyes fixed on the faucet. "He's okay," he said, but it sounded too unsure. Steve dipped the paper towel under the water then crouched in front of Ant. "Give me your hand, honey." Ant was still crying too much to listen or care, so Steve took Ant's wrist and tried to twist his hand up.
Tony smiled. It was still hard to believe Steve wanted to be there, but roommates with Steve? That was too good to pass up. “Okay… thank you.”
Tony laughed at the old joke, then leaned in and hopped his legs around Bucky's waist. Bucky took his weight easily turning to step towards the bedroom, but a loud bang reverberated around them. "Shit! They're here. They found us." Tony dropped to the ground and wrestled a gun out of his waistband, Bucky doing the same thing on the other side. More explosions as their trailer was riddled with bullets. Tony made eye contact with Bucky. "Together?"
“Mmm, yeah baby, show me how much you missed me,” Tony purred, chuffed at the effect he had on his lover.
"Oh my god." Tony adjusted Ant in his lap as Steve picked up the object he'd dropped. It was a bottle cap, from a beer bottle. One of the specialty craft brews Tony had gotten Steve hooked on shortly after they'd moved in together. And sure enough, there was a streak of red across Ant's palm. "I only left him for a second," Tony breathed. His heart pounded in his chest. There was blood on the
He needed to go. He couldn’t handle seeing Tony return at midnight, bright-eyed and grinning, heart full of someone else’s love. Tony would be sad not to get to thank him, tell him all about the ball, but Steve had done his part.
"Well." Tony smoothed his hands over the keyboard and lowered himself gingerly back into his chair. At least the most embarrassing stuff had been inadvertently censored. He just needed to explain the first few lines. "So, when I said perfect guy, what I meant was -"
The bad man slumped down in his chair, ready to eat an entire pint of ice cream, but when he turned in his seat, he saw something on his desk. It was a box, wrapped in shiny, red paper, and on top was a big, fancy bow.
“Pep! Pepper of my life!” Tony smiled stepping around to stand on her left while Rhodey cornered her from the right.
Tony pulled back from Steve's embrace and he already missed the heat of Tony's body against his. Still Steve stealer himself and looked into Tony's eyes. The harpy had a large blush on his face but he looked more embarrassed than mad and Steve felt relief flood his system.
“Who do you think sold ‘im?” The man growled pushing forward. Tony moved along with him. He could feel papa Rhodes’ eyes pouring into the back of his head telling him to be gone but Tony was stubborn. He will fight for him with everything he’s got.
Tony just fell silent and continued to watch Rogers sleep. The man looked peaceful almost statue like and it scared Tony. A person should either be dead or alive...not stuck in this vegetative state, it was a cruel way to force someone to stay alive who wanted to die.
Steve spent most of his time around Tony. Training, learning, talking with him almost as much as Steve possibly could. Ever since Tony showed Steve how the gloves worked he was hesitantly agreed to allow Tony to join the more combat heavy missions as long as he learned basic fighting techniques.
The horse watched him calmly not caring that Steve was in its cell. He quickly reached out and began to pet its head letting the horse get comfortable with him. It was better to have the horse’s favor when trying to steal it away. Luckily for him horses tended to like him.
Steve was surprised by how wide the hidden halls were and how well decorated. It seemed important to the people who built the castle that every part of it was as nice as any part of it. They almost didn't believe that they were hidden except for the fact that they completely relied on artificial light and has little to no exits on either side of them. Still, the halls were winding and tiring but it got them to their destination without alerting anyone and Steve could hear a large meeting happening behind the small trap door.
“Maybe tomorrow you can ask Nat to give you a haircut,” Steve suggested knowing how much Bucky loved it when Nat did his hair for him. She was quite good at it surprisingly.
I am finally moving the time line up so next chapter will be Tony's POV and it will also be a bigger time jump.
The last harpy who stood to Rhodey's right was short and slightly round. He looked like he carried a lot of strength but was not confident enough to use it to his full advantage. He introduced himself as Happy, Mr. Stark’s bodyguard whoever that was. Steve could see the fire in his eyes to protect and fight but he was jittery and a bit fearful. Still, Steve knew Happy would at least try to take him down if he needed to. Steve could see how much Happy loved order and security since he had gotten a lot calmer since the bickering ended. Steve shook his hand too.
“I wish I wasn't true but the evidence is there and it was too overwhelming to ignore,” Rhodey replied and Tony just shrank in on himself hiding away as much as he could from the team’s eyes by using Steve's bulk to his advantage.
“Give me the satchel,” Steve asked stepping into Clint’s space. The archer looked like he was going to fight Steve but reluctantly gives over the satchel back to Steve.
“...It wasn’t just about the money,” Tony let out the truth just above a whisper lowering his shoulders in defeat, “I broke up with you to save you. To give you a chance at a life you deserved. I...didn’t want you to have to struggle and be limited because you chose to be with me. It was the only choice I could make Steve. What else do you want me to say?”
Tony really was a good person. Steve decided that he will find his own way to convince Tony that even if it takes him a long time. Even after their inevitable goodbye. Steve will find a way to convince Tony of the goodness he carries in himself.
Steve rubbed his hand over his face and through his hair before replying, “why did you leave me that night? I know you loved me when you walked away. I just don’t...I can’t understand...” Steve drifted off stopping himself from babbling.
The team and new members gathered in the center tent area where they had set up temporary seating arrangements. Steve stayed standing waiting for the rest to take a seat. Only after did he squeeze himself between Bucky and Sam across from Tony and his family. They were all quiet as if waiting for someone to talk. No one wanted to be the first to break the newly found silence. It was Happy who broke it, “I just want to let you know that I am a trained bodyguard and if I have ta I will willingly fight any you for the crown prince!”
Tony blushed a bit pulling his gloves off as he thanked Steve. They stayed sitting there and Steve could feel the small twitches of Tony's growing wings brush up against his back. Steve loved these small moments of having Tony to himself. Of having Tony come to him to share his new works and inventions. Tony was a beauty and it amazed Steve that he gets to witness it one piece at a time.
On Friday Steve was able to work from home taking his company laptop with him on Thursday Steve had all he needed to get this week’s work done from his couch. He pulled his laptop out from the bag and opened it up while turning on some old show reruns he loves to keep on as background noise as he worked. And with that, he logged in and began his sketch designs sketch up of blueprints he helps draw for those who need artists hands to bring their ideas to life on paper.
Steve looked at the man’s face and for the first time in his lift he could see him and man was he beautiful. Steve let out one last remaining of his breath in a small happy sob because he was not fully alone. He had Anton at least to keep him company.
Instead, he dead focused on moving as promptly as they could to get to Tony’s location and save their newly adopted family member from the dangers of his own kind. Steve was not against using violence to get Tony to safety. He will do anything necessary though none of his teammates were obliged to do the same but he hoped they would back him up at least.
“So,” Howard came into the large room in which Tony sat in. It was one of the many offices the building had. It was Howard’s favorite spot to beat some discipline into the genius for behavior that Howard did not like.
Jarvis had wrapped up Tony in a thick blanket when he was led to a different wing in the mansion. The butler tried to cheer the child up but to no avail. Nothing seemed to calm the young master down. Tony was at a full panic attack; rambling on about how it was not his fault but it the words seemed to begin to jumble together.
He was in the middle of pounding into one when he faintly heard a noise of something fall on the ground. He turned his head to glare at the intruder but stopped when he saw who it was. The shocked brown eyes of the man he called his lover stared back at him with tears beginning to swell. At that moment he felt for the first time in his life a small ounce of guilt. He pulled out of the whining whore stood up to make his way to the smaller man at the door of his room but stopped when the man bolted out of the room. The prince winced. He felt his lungs begin to constrict and suddenly it was hard to breathe.
He let the anger simmer for only a moment longer. Steve could stew in his feelings for a long time but he knew he needed to get back to camp and make sure Tony was okay. The poor harpy was probably confused and embarrassed at not only having made an unwanted move towards Steve but being told that he was a free man not bound to Steve in any way. He took a deep breath and made his way back to camp.
“I, fuck me,” Tony paused to look at Steve who didn’t bat an eye at the fact that he cursed, odd, “I am his son.”
What? That thought confused Steve a lot. He looked around as if looking for someone but could not find them. There was an itch that he could not shake. Steve turned back to see her closing in. Time to play the shy guy act. He was too nice to rudely turn her away.
Steve worked for a small design company near Central Park. They were not many but their force was mighty as they handled big-name clients with ease. It was hard work but Steve enjoyed it. Allowed him to have a steady income rather than the too far spaced payments of freelance. His company held events for all occasions of the year so it was no surprise when he got the email about their Valentine’s Day event. Though what surprised him was what they were offering this year.
Steve watched Tony as each of the Avengers proudly introduced themselves giving a short monologue of their talents and successes. Steve found that to be a bit much but they did start with Thor and he had set the precedent for the rest. Then there was Steve. He was the last one left and for some reason, he felt himself stay quiet for a moment longer before finally saying, “Steve Rogers the current leader of the Avengers team. I am glad Tony has other people in the world that care for him. We have come quite attached to him over the past few weeks. Sorry for attempting to attack you it just looked like a gang up and it wasn't something I was going to let happen to anyone let alone someone I came to care about.”
Steve swallowed down those thoughts before replying, “I don’t know, I think if complements you’re gorgeous feathers. I got to find a way to compete somehow.”
Suddenly the moment was gone as his weight shifted and snapped a twig under his foot. It caused Tony to turn sharply in his direction and narrow his golden eyes straight at him. Steve had been spotted and Tony rushed out of the water and tried to get dressed as fast as he could. Steve was in too great of a shock to really react properly and get Tony to stay. It dawned on him that Tony probably thinks he is a big creep who was trying too hard to win his approval. No wonder the harpy did not want to interact with him at all.
He looked around wishing Sam had finished his upgrades with redwing so they could have sent it out but instead he had to rely solely on his eyes. Thankfully though, Steve was able to spot some kind of odd anomaly in the sky that Steve figured was the kidnappers and Tony. He followed them for as long as he could trying to figure out where they would land. And it turns out not very far. Just a few miles from where they were.
“Why?” Steve blurted just as the waitress left them alone again. He wanted to slap himself for being the reason that Tony’s easy smile faded away but it was better to rip off the bandaid early.
“You got that I-am-worried look on your face,” Bucky spoke up once Steve made it back to them. Steve looked at Bucky and felt himself blushing at being caught.
After a tiring trip through the city they made it to a small apartment complex that looked old but sturdy. It had not changed much since Steve had last seen it which was not surprising in the least. Tony stepped up next to him looking at the building too with wide curious eyes. “This is where I call home when I am back in Brook,” Steve spoke up pulling Tony’s attention away from the building and to him, “I live on the fourth floor towards the opposite street. It’s not the biggest or most grand but it is does its job.”
“Tell me what you need and I will go get it. I can make it back in time just tell me what you need,” Steve placed his hands on Bruce’s shoulders forcing the man to look at him and nod. Bruce went back into his tent to get Steve a list of ingredients.
“On the contrary, I think I am laughing with you,” Steve replied sitting across from Dum Dum. The other man smiled before slamming a leatherbound toolkit on the table between them. Steve pulled the leather kit towards him, unbound the small straps keeping it closed, unfolded the kit and saw a long line of small set tools in a row. Steve had no idea what any of them were really but they looked new and pretty.
“We must be getting desperate if they are allowing pancakes like you in the army. We gotta fatten you up boy. It looks like you haven’t eaten a day in your life,” the General stomped away allowing Steve to let out a shaky breath.
“You’re looking at all the vibranium we have,” Stark commented watching Steve look down at the shield in awe, “I think its best use is with you. It’s a shield worthy of Captain America.”
Tony thought, too scared to speak those words aloud. Scared that if he spoke them, somehow the spell he was in would be broken and this dream would be over before he could finish having his fill. Instead, Tony croaked, “again. Say it again.”
The plan was simple, Pepper, Happy and Rhodey would head back to Harperia before any of them. They were to spend some time assessing the situation and gather any and all new information that could benefit the Avengers in taking down Stane. It hurt Steve to see Tony look so sad at having to watch his family go. He had protested at being separated but each of them talked him into it.
A pang went through him as he came to realize that this could be an illusion of some sort, concocted by some new evil tech organization out to get Tony Stark. Or he had died and was now living in a fantasy where he would be taunted with things he could never have while alive. Luckily, he was Tony Stark and he would figure it out.
“We will get Stane and make him pay but right now we need to stay calm,” Steve said with such conviction that he could see the others stand up a little straighter and look determinedly back at him.
In moments like this a small part of Tony prayed. Not to God but to someone whom many considered America’s hero. During these few moments of calm before the harsh cold storm, Tony Stark prayed for Captain America to come save him. But like every other time, his prayers were met with silence. Where was the great hero now? Somewhere out there ignoring his calls for Tony knew, he did not know how, but he knew that the Captain was alive. That he would return someday but just not this day.
“Friends? Friends don’t sell out other friends,” Steve growled trying to take a step forward but Tony’s palm kept him in place.
“I-” “It’s still Tony’s decision to make,” Steve cut in focusing the attention on the smallest harpy of the group. It looked like Tony was conflicted but decided to include the Avengers in the planning. Even though he did it quite reluctantly.
“Yeah I will but you promise to talk to Tony the moment you get back right?” Bucky presses and Steve just gives him a solid nod in reply. Bucky takes it and heads over to Steve’s tent as Bruce comes back out of his.
“Steve sweetheart,” Steve opened his eyes a few hours later. He had not slept. He just enjoyed feeling Bucky’s heavy breath underneath him. His mother looked at him softly knowing full well he was not asleep. Seeing his mother pretend to be strong for him hurt him on a deep level of his conscious. If he hadn’t been born she would not try so hard to pretend she was all right.
“Don’t ever cut me off again, ‘ustin!” Tony growled at the kid who began to drag him towards tables full of adults. Tony was not really paying attention to what was happening until it was too late.
After getting an ice pack from medical, Steve headed to barracks to find his bed had been ransacked again. They seem to make it a habit of toying with his stuff in an attempt to get him to leave. Many people think having him here was a waste of time but what they did not know was that Steve was stubborn. Probably more stubborn than them so if they want to get him to leave they better start upping their game because at this rate they will get nowhere.
“That was years ago jerk. You know I don’t face the same problems since I got selected for treatment by Doctor Erskine,” Steve answered but mentally agreed to take the leap of faith and sign up for the raffle. With that, Steve finally digs into his burger enjoying the rest of his lunch break with Bucky.
If Steve was going to save Bucky he was on his own. Well, not completely as he turned to look at Peggy and she gave a small swift nod indicating that whatever he was going to do she was in.
Tony just gaped at Steve and he considered that a win. Steve just smiled his half-smile that was said to make the ladies swoon before turning away from the harpy and heading back to the campgrounds.
“We should move up our timeline,” Steve spoke up, “we should hit him while he is still not fully equipped with an army behind him of enhanced harpies who are brainwashed to do his bidding.”
Steve made it his business to talk to Tony for at least an hour a day no matter what. He would try for longer sometimes but since Steve’s return to navigate and it was hard to hold a conversation for a while trying to focus on the road as well. Still, Steve managed an hour a day telling Tony anything and everything he could think about. There was so much he could tell Tony and the harpy just avidly listened to it all soaking in Steve’s words. It was wonderful. Really. Even if he felt like he was talking to a brick wall.
Taking a deep breath, Steve walked towards his tent. His heart picked up speed as he got closer. It was unlike him to be this nervous but he has been having a hard time befriending Tony already and the harpy seemed keen on disliking him. With as much courage as he could muster, Steve walked into the tent.
