Peter jumped, "huh? N-no, sorry, MJ."
"No. You won't. Forget about Ultron, Iron Man," Bruce pushed the screen to the side and looked Iron Man dead in the eye. "I know you think you can control them, but there's no guarantee. It's too dangerous."
?! Tony's fingers moved like lightning across the keyboard, desperately deleting any traces of the schematics. "Guys, we have a huge problem." Static came through the comms. "Guys?"
"Then stop gawking at Steve." Natasha raised her fists. Tony's eyes flicked over to the super soldier, who was using a punching bag on the other side of the gym. Tony flipped up the hood of his jacket, blocking his view of the other man. "Please take this seriously."
"Watch it!" Iron Man ducked when Clint almost hit him with an explosive arrow.
"I have important work to do, Peter. Important. Understand?" He spoke as if he were trying to convince a dog to roll over, slow and slightly mocking,
"Why? Where are we going?" Peter looked back at his computer. Michelle drew a question mark in her sketchbook and held it up. Peter shrugged.
"Whatever. You're still the youngest out of all of us," Deadpool waved a hand. "What'd you do to get them to respect you so much?"
"Welcome back to the world of the living, Tones." Rhodey's face hovered over Tony, who groaned at the sudden noise and screwed his eyes shut. "You gave us quite a scare. You've been out for three days."
Peter threw another carrot at Tony.
(See the end of the chapter for
"It's nice to meet you, Robert." Peter rolled his mask up over his nose.
it. His hand started to go to his helmet, but he stopped himself.
"Who else knows about your workshop beside us?" Steve asked. Even though the Avengers all knew it existed, Steve was the only one among them that knew its location in the tower.
"Oscorp?! What happened to working for me? At Stark Tech?" Tony gasped, feeling like he had been slapped in the face. "You're going to inherit the company someday, remember?"
"I tell you what. You be a good criminal and answer all our questions honestly, and I'll give you five minutes with Peter." Fury collected the laptop and left before Stark could agree to the deal. A minute later a SHIELD agent Tony had never seen before stepped into the room. Another agent followed close behind with lie detector equipment. Tony remained still as the second agent hooked him up to the machine.
"Hurry!" Steve shoved Tony into the entrance.
"I think this is a much more fitting fate, don't you? I get to watch you suffer, and you get to contribute your last days to science. A win-win for both of us," Obadiah chuckled. "Enjoy your new science project," he said to a man standing over by a row of computers.
"But you still love him."
Tony choked out a scream. The already damaged armor around his neck offered little protection. Electricity quickly bit down to his flesh. Tony clawed at the rope. It was too tight. Too hot.
Steve ripped his boyfriend off the man, forcibly dragging him to the exit. The look on Tony's face was one of pure rage. He had blood dripping from his knuckles.
"I have contact!" Clint announced, handing the headset over to the team leader. He remained close to Steve, listening in on the conversation.
"No! Stay back!!" Natasha hollered. Michelle ignored her, continuing to walk towards Spider-man. The arachnid was stuck to the wall. He pressed himself low against the surface, a growl rumbling in the back of his throat. Peter wasn't in control of his body, but he could hear what was happening. In some dark corner of his mind, he could hear the desperate pleas of his family. He didn't want to keep fighting his them. He had done it far too many times already and he didn't think his heart could take much more. Peter sobbed, even though no one could hear it.
"I'm sorry," Peter said, before turning and walking up the ramp. It closed behind him, the jet rising into the air moments later. And then they were gone. Tony passed out right then and there.
"I know that, Barton. But there are a lot of people out there who want to hurt me any means necessary. I couldn't take any risks," Tony tried to reason with them.
"He's trying to tell you that Bruce is the one who tortured him. His mouth was sewn shut with blue thread, remember?" Tony pointed at his own mouth. "The red light probably has something to do with Scarlet Witch's magic."
"That's not going to happen. I let you go the first time. I won't make that mistake again," the Steve look-alike growled.
"It's going to be alright. Everything's going to be alright." Steve gave him a warm smile. "When we get out of here I'm going to take you somewhere special. I don't know where yet. So I'm open for suggestions."
"Even for what? What'd he do?" Peter blinked.
Bucky jumped out of the way of the blast. "Watch where you're aiming that thing!"
"You haven't shaved in awhile. Keep it up, that way no one will recognize you." Bucky pointed out.
"I told you, I don't need you keeping an eye on me. I'm perfectly capable of taking care of myself."
Tony sighed. "C'mon. Osborn's office isn't too far from here. We'll check there and then we'll leave." When the three reached Osborn's private office they were surprised to find the owner sitting behind the desk. Or rather, a holographic image of the owner. The blue hologram illuminated the otherwise dark room.
"SI was never your company," Iron Man hissed.
"You know what I mean," Steve frowned. "What's going on between you and your father?"
"I brought lunch," Steve announced, holding up a plastic sack. "Hope you're in the mood for deli sandwiches."
"Very." Bucky flipped open his own menu.
"He won't." Tony glared at the ground.
"I did, though. Don't worry about all this. It was going to happen eventually. I'm a mess, Steve." Iron Man hung his head. "W-what are you doing?" Iron Man stiffened when Steve suddenly wrapped his arms around him.
Iron Man's voice grew quiet. "I'm not afraid. It just reminds me of Afghanistan."
"Another weak spot?" Natasha raised her eyebrows.
"LET HIM GO!!"
"Make me, webhead." Tony turned his attention back to the coffee maker.
"I don't know, ask him." Steve looked up. Bucky followed his gaze and let out a horrified scream right as Peter dropped down on him.
Iron Man threaded his fingers through Steve's hair, making a soft humming noise as he did so. "I'm not going anywhere, Stevie. You're stuck with me."
Fury answered him, "you won't be going home with Stark. Or any of the Avengers. You will remain in SHIELD custody until you turn eighteen. After that, what you do with your life is up to you."
The color drained from Steve's face.
Spider-man nodded slowly, remembering how his spider sense had painfully spiked when the black van rolled up beside him.
"This is ridiculous!" Natasha said. "We're supposed to be a team!"
"Excuse you, we're both dads. That's kinda the whole point of two men being in a relationship." Tony muttered, leaning against the counter.
"You are very heavy," Steve complained, squirming under him.
"I understand. I think he's outside."
"You guys would back me up, right?" Peter repeated, his voice faltering.
"Barton!" Steve called after him. "Come back here, that's an order from your commander!" Hawkeye ignored him by slamming the door shut. His footsteps could be heard storming off down the hall.
"Might as well," Steve let out a long sigh. "You go on ahead. I'll get Buck and Rhodes."
"Don't be." Iron Man shook his head. "Has Natasha been able to contact Fury?"
Peter shook his head, "I'm fine. Just sore from gym class."
Everyone looked to Steve, awaiting his orders.
"He is not a child. He is a mighty warrior, and as such he should have the right to come and go as he pleases," Thor defended Peter.
"Fine! Then you're a glorified Tamagachi!" Clint shot back. Iron Man made a grab for Clint, but Steve got in between them. Bucky's eyes were glued to the cyborg. He could picture the man inside almost perfectly. He had a pretty good idea what facial expression he wore, as well. Steve shouldered Iron Man to the other side of the room. He spoke to him in a soft voice, doing his best to calm him down. Steve's hands ghosted over Iron Man's arms and down to his hands. Iron Man settled down when Steve threaded their fingers together.
Steve sighed in relief. "I need you to slow down so we can pick you up. We'll go into stealth mode once you're on board."
"Please don't talk about him like that," Steve ran his hands over his face. "And Iron Man doesn't flirt with people anymore."
"Will do. Take this." Bruce passed over the tablet. He shifted around nervously as his friends vanished into the mine. He stayed where he was for another minute until the cold got the better of him. The scientist hurried back to the jet, the frost cracking under his feet.
"Right, right. Ladies first," he held his arm out to the waterfall. Bruce rolled his eyes. He grabbed Tony's arm and pulled him into the falling water. For a few seconds, they were free falling, and then they hit the water hard enough to knock the wind out of them. Tony barely had time to catch his breath before the current pulled him under.
"Morning, Steve," he grumbled. "I was fine...ow."
"Don't do this, Tony."
All of a sudden, he stopped feeling light headed. His wounds closed on their own, the extreme blood loss he had been experiencing some how no longer an issue. Was the symbiote...helping him? Peter gathered his new found strength and broke his chains. Kraven stumbled back. Black tendrils shot out, impaling Kraven against the wall. They missed his vital organs, a mistake that the symbiote wouldn't make a second time.
"You did the right thing. And it's a good thing you were the one to do it. Had it been me..." Tony clenched his fists so hard his knuckles turned white. "Let's just say I wouldn't have been quite as merciful."
Tony quickly backtracked, "that was a bad joke. Ignore me."
Thank you for reading!
"Go home. I'll let you know if anything changes." Fury stood and went to the window. "Don't forget your helmet, Iron Man," he said in an almost mocking tone.
"I'd rather not take out my frustrations on you," Steve admitted. "So I advise that you leave. For your own safety."
"Kicking ass and fleeing the scene. That's Spidey for ya," Clint poked an unconscious person with his bow. "Should we keep following that semi? He probably continued in that direction after this."
"I miss your music," Steve said to Iron Man that night.
Natasha smiled, "good answer. You're loyal to your friends. I appreciate that." She shot a quick look at Tony.
"What if the team needs me?"
"Shhh...shh...you're safe now, Petey. You're safe. We're gonna get you fixed up, okay?" Tony soothed, brushing a hand through Peter's hair.
Bucky let out a long sigh. "Cap, how are things on your end?"
"Hands up!" Steve commanded once more.
"Who would want you dead? What did you do? Is some dad mad because you dated his daughter?" Clint snorted.
The man stumbled forward. "You're tougher than I thought..." He said as he regained his balance and turned to face Peter. "No wonder my colleagues want you dead so badly." He struck Spidey upside the head with a metal limb, sending him sprawling back down into the mud. "They instructed me to bring you in alive, though. So let's not overdo things." Cold steel clamped around Spidey's ankle dragging him towards the strange man. Thanks to his now soaked suit, Spider-man was able to slip free. He crab-walked backward several feet before flipping into a defensive crouch.
"Rude," Tony was too exhausted to think of a better comeback. He and Clint weren't exactly the best of friends. They tried to get along. Hell, Tony tried to get along with all of them. But whatever he was doing clearly wasn't working.
"It's hard to explain. It's like a suit of armor, but it has a mind of its own. It was designed to need a human host to survive, but Richard found out the hard way that that was not the case. If it doesn't have a host, it's supposed to stay in a liquid state. A black liquid to be specific," Tony picked up a vial of black liquid but decided it wasn't what he was looking for and set it back down. "It turns out it can take the form of a man, even if it's not attached to a human."
"Maybe not. But he believes he helped in Chicago. Even though all our sources say he was the one who started the fire. He was also unaware of similar incidents in L.A. and Kansas City." The agent shrugged.
Bruce shook his head. "No. Everyone with the exception of Peter and Tony is ready to fight, and they're going to keep their guards up for quite awhile. We'll have to wait for the perfect moment to strike."
Rhodey swallowed hard. "Tony...Steve's been looking for you nonstop for the past three months. The guy barely sleeps anymore, he's been so worried about you." Tony kept his eyes downcast, gripping the bowl tighter to steady his hands. "He misses you so much it's hard to look at him. He's been parading around like a lost puppy," Rhodey sighed heavily. "I don't think he'll ever stop trying to find you. We need to tell him you're alive."
"I am. I just like running around Queens in my pajamas."
"Tony!"
"Agreed." Natasha tore up her jacket, using it along with a piece of scrap metal to make a makeshift splint for the archer. "I think I hear water." She pointed in said direction, "water sources usually equal people."
"Pepper gave it to me."
"No, Sir. My records show it was deleted from all servers two years ago."
Steve scowled. "Fine." He grabbed Iron Man by the upper arm and drug him back to the couch. "Stay." He threw him down none too gently. "That's an order from your commander."
"What?" Steve frowned, not liking the sound of that. "Where did he go?"
“So if I hadn’t been tortured, your feelings wouldn’t have changed? Needed to see a bit of blood before you decided if I was worth your time? That's reassuring."
Elsewhere, Tony was watching their interaction through the security cameras. At first, it looked like Peter was having a friendly conversation with a teammate. However, the way he booked it as soon as his pizza was ready, lead Tony to believe that the conversation was not all that friendly.
"Not you, him-" Tony waved his hand, expecting it to pass through the illusion. Instead, he hit something very solid.
"You looked like Tony Stark," Steve said after a long silence. "Whenever I dream about you as a human, you always look like him."
Iron Man was
"I did? Wait...the spider kid?" Bucky wrinkled his nose.
"What the hell is wrong with you?! You-you're just as bad as they are!" Spider-man clenched his fists.
"Lose something?" Bruce held up the button.
"As a thank you."
Her mind raced, trying to figure out a different course of action. A lot of people compared Peter to a puppy. And it wasn't just because he was good at giving people puppy dog eyes. It was because of how innocent he was. Even after everything that happened to him. Peter constantly sought out approval or any other form of positive attention. And hugs. Peter could never get enough hugs. Brute force wasn't the answer when dealing with the friendly neighborhood Spider-man.
"There's nothing there, Tony." Steve's eyebrows knit together in confusion. "Have you been drinking? Or smoking something?"
Rhodey tripped over his own feet at the use of Iron Man's real name. "You know?"
"Out. I don't want you here." Tony stated, holding the door open for them. The tension in the air was getting a little too thick for comfort.
Peter nodded, fumbling with the laces of his left boot.
"Agreed." Spider-man let his head fall back against the web.
"Hands where we can see them, Banner," Steve ordered.
"Let's just hope Pepper gets to him in time," Rhodey whispered.
"I hear you," the armor said in Tony's voice, albeit just as muddied as before.
"Excuse you, I am one of a kind," Iron Man crossed his arms and held his chin up.
"Cap!" Equally cold hands pressed against his shoulders, trying to push him back down. He hadn't realized he had been sitting up until that moment. A pair of bright blue eyes hovered over him. The grip on his shoulders tightened. "Steve, calm down, you need to breathe!"
"Iron Man and Captain America. The ultimate power couple." Rhodey did finger guns at them.
"Jarvis," Tony jumped up. Steve stopped typing, his eyes following the shorted man as he paced around the room. "I mean, I did fix him. You can talk to him again, and he'll answer, but it's not the same!"
Steve watched Henry with a frown. "I think we have enough computer chips, Henry." The tarantula kept bringing him tiny computer components. There was now a fairly decent stack of them on Steve's desk. "Shouldn't you be in the lab with Peter?" He groaned, pushing the stack away, only for Henry to shove them right back. "Go to Peter."
"Have fun." Tony waved. Once Peter was out of sight, Tony lifted his mask and stuffed another cookie in his mouth. Sam made damn good cookies. About half an hour later, Tony could hear Clint yelling at Peter. They must be in the vents. Again. Peter's laughter rang out loud and clear from the nearest air vent, followed by a string of curses from Clint. Tony smiled to himself. It sounded as though things were finally returning to normal.
Steve blinked, "okay?"
"I hope a bird shits on you, too. Then you'll know my pain."
"You just don't want to do it yourself," Peter huffed as he pulled out a cutting board. "You and your sensitive eyes."
"Look who's out of the Batcave," Clint said from somewhere behind Tony, intruding on his scrambled thoughts. The cyborg visibly tensed. The last one on one interaction he had had with the arched had been three months ago. Which had also taken place in the kitchen and ended with Clint yelling at him.
"It was that Goblin bastard. I just know it," Tony spat. He and his husband were slumped against the wall. Tony was sporting a black eye, courtesy of when Spidey lashed out at them. "Peter got Henry from Oscorp. And he had plans to go back there...for whatever reason..." Tony fidgetted with his shirt sleeve. "Looks like he ran into some trouble. Either from a trap in the Oscorp building or Osborn himself."
"Stay where you are, kid." Sam was speaking now, his voice calm. "We see you. Just stay where you are."
Tony nodded slowly. "I understand. I don't think I'll ever be a true member of their family either."
The Avengers cautiously slipped out of their cells.
"Natasha hacked Tony's files. We found out everything about Peter. Everything."
Tony smiled softly at them before going back inside to help the SHIELD agents sort out the current mess.
"It is," Iron Man handed it over. "Go test it out and get back to me." He turned his attention back to the magnets. "Okay. These should be good. I already put some on your shield. Go nuts," he patted Steve on the shoulder.
Tony dove out of the way just in time, the buck's antlers crashing into the tree right behind him. The entire tree shook with the sheer force of the blow. The buck reared and went for the next closest person. Steve. Steve might be a super soldier, but without his shield, he wouldn't stand a chance. "Oh no, you don't!" Tony shot a repulsor at the stampeding animal, hitting it in the shoulder. "Eyes on me, big guy!" The deer reared again, kicking its front legs. A black ink like substance was oozing from the burn on its shoulder. It charged at Tony once more, he rolled out of the way, shooting another repulsor at the buck's legs. That just made the buck angrier. Steve made a move to run at Tony, but the engineer held his arm out. "Stay back, I got this!" He shot the deer directly in the forehead. The deer collapsed in a pool of black ink.
face.
"Stop playing with your food, what are you, twelve?" Tony scolded.
"Is there supposed to be?" Natasha asked. The rest of the team started to gather around the workbench when they noticed the bot being taken apart.
The man took a defensive stance, fists clenched. Even with the dim light, Bucky could tell that the man had a metal hand. Not unlike his own. "Who are you?"
"It shouldn't be! Figure out how he did it later! Shut it down now! I can't do anything in here! You guys have to destroy the reactor before someone gets hurt!" Tony explained. Cap grabbed his shield and slammed into Iron Man's chest. The Iron Avenger stumbled back before catching his footing and attacking Steve.
Steve called him back about an hour later. "You're needed at the tower."
"I hope you find him before he does something stupid," Sam said as he was shuffling to the door. "I don't like him. But I don't want him dead, either."
"About last night..." Tony whispered. Peter had woken up screaming multiple times last night, causing Tony to come running from his lab every time. Peter was inconsolable after whatever nightmares he had just experienced, and Tony could do nothing but hold his son in his arms until he cried himself back to sleep. "I have nightmares, too. Comes free with the purchase of a lifetime supply of PTSD."
Metal clashed against metal. Sparks flew. Repulsors whirred. Everything was happening in flashes of color and sound. The larger bot grabbed Iron Man by the throat and slammed him into the pavement, its free hand wrapped around Iron Man's head. The metal creaked under its fingers, dents starting to take shape. Iron Man thrashed underneath him.
"Tony! I got a Spidey sighting!" Bruce called, motioning to a monitor. Several people had tweeted that about seeing Spider-man leave town atop a semi truck. One even had a blurry photo to prove it.
Iron Man put their foreheads together. "God, Steve. You're such a fucking sap. But I love you. And I do want to be with you. I just don't know how this is going to work."
"STAND DOWN." Nick Fury's voice ordered over an intercom. "HANDS IN THE AIR."
"And you get way too much joy out of antagonizing people," Steve shook his head. "Try and get this place cleaned up before Nat sees it."
"It's fake. It has to be." Natasha whispered, holding Tony's phone close to her face. "Why show the mask but not the owner? I think Osborn found the mask and is using it to mess with you."
"Not anymore. I need the space. Get out."
Peter reached up and pried the symbiote off his face, gasping for air when the goo was torn from his mouth. "Gross!" He spat, bits of black mixed with crimson hitting the floor. The symbiote let out a pained screech, the tendrils hovered behind Peter's head, coming together to form a grotesque face. The face continued to writhe and scream as Peter ripped the symbiote from every square inch of his body. Both hands took hold of the white spider on his chest. "Get...OFF!" He tore the end of the black costume to pieces, revealing the classic red beneath.
"You're right. The world does need Spider-man. Not Peter Parker, though. Someone else should take a turn web slinging. I'm done." Peter turned on heel and left the lab. Steve walked in right as Peter left, the two nodded at each other but said nothing.
"I don't know. He won't talk about it. But I think he was-dammit Tony! Stop trying to grab the phone! Wait your turn!" There was a jumble of noise, combined with a few colorful words for Tony. Steve had never been so happy to hear Iron Man curse. A door slammed and the noise stopped. "As I was saying," Rhodey took a deep breath. "He said something about being trapped somewhere. And I...I think he was tortured. He's got scars on his body that are a bit too neat to be from battle. His cybernetics are all kinds of fucked up, too. Whoever tried to take them apart didn't know what they were doing."
Ultron knew that after he killed his first target, the Avengers would know something was up. He may need backup if things didn't go in his favor. Maybe if he could control more than one suit of armor at once? That could work in his favor.
"Except for me." Spider-man nodded.
The other man fell quiet.
"Do what you have to do, Peter," Tony gave him a sad smile. "I forgive you."
"You could say that," Steve brought the ax down on an unsuspecting log with way more force than necessary. "Apparently Fury still wants to trust Iron Man. He wants to give him a fair trial, and all that fun stuff. But the world security council has other plans." He kicked the two halves of wood into the pile. "The World Security Council never trusted Iron Man. I don't know if you knew that."
"Hm?"
"I'm in, I'm in, what do I-" Pepper cut herself off with a blood-curdling scream. Her attackers had gotten inside the workshop.
Peter straightened up, "is
Peter turned his head slightly, and whispered, "Tony? Steve?"
"NO." Tony's blue eye flashed, the shutters narrowing.
"Thanks, Buddy," Tony let himself lie back down.
"Tell anyone about this and I will launch you into the sun," Tony pinched the bridge of his nose. He threw the sheets to the side and headed towards the bathroom.
"Quiet, Osborn. Take the screwdriver and get out." Tony took the tool from the box on the floor and tossed it to Harry. Harry sprinted out of the lab without another word.
Steve swiped the folder and tucked it under his arm.
Ned blinked, "MJ, you started that rumor..."
"The one with the stupid facial hair."
The shield was flung at the agents holding the whips, effectively disarming them. Steve caught the shield and glared at Maria. "That's
"Jealous?" Iron Man stuck his chin out.
"They don't need to know yet. Peter and I will be there to explain soon..." Tony responded, gripping the steering wheel so tightly his knuckles turned white.
"Hey, no wrestling!" Tony yelled, worried about Peter's broken ribs.
"Fine," Steve let go of him and leaned against the desk. It wasn't long before Steve got bored and started messing with anything and everything in arms reach.
a lot he had to do, when he got home – and not just tonight. There were so many things he’d have to think about, so much work he’d have to do, so many changes he’d have to make. And it was going to be painful, and confusing, and imperfect. And it was going to take a
All those awful traumas, that only cut deeper because of Steve’s inherent goodness – the same goodness that led him to cover it all up, pretend it wasn’t there, fight on in spite of it.
Tony could have ignored all of those thoughts. It wasn’t really in him to consider those thoughts, in fact. He could quite easily have let all of that get swept away with the ebb and flow of his mood.
He really thought he’d managed to get the tangled web of worries into some sort of order, before Steve and Bucky arrived. Tony knew there were still a hundred questions he hadn’t answered, maybe a thousand things he still had to give some serious consideration… But he’d thought he’d at least reached
He actually gave an earnest little nod, all on his own in the living room.
“Well, it seems pretty obvious that they’re going to try to hurt you,” Steve explained, relaxing into this new sense of calm. “And if they do that, I’m going to kill them. So, that’s one question answered.”
Thankfully, this time Steve was the one to blush and look at the floor.
And Steve knew this wasn’t the point. Or, at least, that this was all part of a much larger point-
But then he heard the happy sigh he got in response, and decided he was probably good.
Steve had by now accepted that he had a full blown crush on Tony Stark. Obviously he did, he knew he did, it would be ludicrous to deny that he did…
“The drugs you will each be taking are very similar, and share many of the same effects. They both come under the same name. And the primary effects of taking Fantasia, for both of you, will be lowered inhibitions, increased physical sensitivity, and a heightening of basic physical responses…”
he was attacking like this?
“Okay,” Tony surrendered, “get as far away as you can before you start yelling,” and then he turned his attention to Bucky, “when we hear him shout, we go for it.”
Stape finally looked away from them and turned his attention to the equipment he was setting up. Steve felt his limbs begin to tremble, his breathing suddenly high and tight in his chest. And then he glanced over at Bucky, who was looking back at him with a confused sort of concern.
Which was, immediately, the hottest idea Tony had ever tried to think about-
make sense. Given the apparent chemical make up of these drugs… this
But he liked them.
Steve had spent his entire life searching for a love like that. Someone who would be his last thought before he died-
Did he really
to Steve… That felt fitting, actually…
Steve wasn’t prepared for how immediately, physically good it was going to feel, just to
emotion simmered under his skin-
So, Steve leant into it. He held himself still and let this agonising desperation overwhelm him, as Tony began to kiss and lick the blood away from Steve’s back. He was
Tony stared at the elevator doors for two impossibly long seconds before the tension got to be too much. Then he paced over to the other side of the workshop again and opened up Barnes’ medical records, just for the sake of something to do. He heard the elevator come to a soft stop and the hair on the back of his neck stood up. He resolved to ignore it.
“Well, I’ll call you,” Tony answered, sincerely. “Whatever happens with… this.”
But he didn’t dare open his mouth.
...big deal, at the time… Like such a ludicrous, impossible thing to have happened…”
So now he could only wait, trapped in this grey area between feeling nothing and feeling everything, unable to consider his options - because he didn’t have the front to hope Tony came back to him, and he couldn’t bear to think about the alternative-
And he even knew it didn’t make sense. That, objectively, he couldn’t know that, any more than he understood any part of this debacle. That simply feeling very sure of something wasn’t proof that it was right. Even that it was weird to feel a compulsion like that, to hear an internal voice so clear and distinct from everything else….
As indescribably wonderful as it was to finally drink from Steve, as intense as the euphoria was this time… Still, nothing compared to the sense of fulfilment, the pure joy, of looking after him afterwards.
“Tony, I can’t – that’s my line” Steve snapped, looking away again. “And, if it’s your line too, then fine, we can just go, and think of something else. But I just can’t… take that responsibility, I don’t… I don’t know, I can do it the other way around, and I still want to do this, I still know that it’s important, but… I mean, I
Tony thought back to all the times Steve had looked at him a certain way, and that little pleading voice had whispered in his head,
tell Tony he loved him, whether that was fair or unfair… whether it made it more or less likely that Tony would say yes.
But that anxiety
when he was 21? Did it even matter, seeing as he was never going to be seen in any outfit ever again?
The short version of the story is that half my work got pinged by the Covid App, and we've all had to rearrange our rotas on no notice - which has involved me picking up some night shifts, and screwing my sleep schedule totally, amongst other things 😆 So a few things had to get rearranged in the short term.
But then, sometimes Tony would remember that he
about the Accords… but, I
Because this information should never have been gathered in the first place.
all of that made him so uncomfortable…
“Oh my God, yes, we should do that.” She announced, turning to her partner – who was obviously completely out of it. He was swaying slightly on his feet, his eyes heavy, staring through her as she spoke.
, at you… Trying to kill your best friend for it was just…” and he sighed, heavily, as he realised there just wasn’t any other word, “
...He had a horrible feeling that would
Steve had given up trailing after Tony somewhere in the early afternoon.
“Okay… In the meantime, can we run a full internet search for any book or article that mentions both Vampires and Consorts…” Tony mused out loud.
And Tony noted that… yes, it was.
screwed up. And I know
time, Steve had to return the mind stone after another version of himself had stolen it from a different version of himself, in a building that was crawling with Avengers, and at the cross-roads of several global-level events-
Tony hadn’t been especially enthusiastic about that one.
decided not to tell you about Bucky – because you might get upset. Or because we didn’t trust you to handle it the way
It wasn’t
Bucky didn’t think much of it, at first. At that point, he was still distracted by the previous conversation, and the conflicting ideas about what he should do about it.
“I’m sorry, say again?” He stammered, and Tony sighed impatiently – and stepped
But Steve realised quite quickly that at least they didn’t have to worry about
After all these weeks of reminding himself not to take it out on Bucky, not to seem jealous of Bucky, not to give anyone any ammunition with regards to Bucky… Apparently, overcompensating had become second nature.
And God he wanted Tony. In such a simple, primal way… His whole body was trying to lean towards him, his fingers flexing against Tony’s skin, however hard Steve tried to stay still.
. His heart raced, high and tight in his chest. His grip on Tony loosened just a little, as his body relaxed into the relief of it-
“I’m s-sorry,” he hiccupped, struggling to get enough air to speak-
“So, what happened at the tower,” Rhodey inquired, glancing down at Tony’s toga again.
And then he
He’d come here with a hot mess of irrational thoughts and a churning of conflicting emotions, not sure himself whether he wanted to rage or cry or just lie down in a darkened room – knowing he wanted
part of the fantasy, Tony wanted purely for himself.
sounding moan, deep in his chest, as he buried himself into Steve-
And Tony was genuinely baffled as to how this many conflicting impulses could exist in him all at once. How he could feel each of them so intensely, and so purely…
“Other side of the paper” He explained, gesturing to whatever he could see on the back it. Tony flipped the page.
Steve’s shoulders slumped from under him. He wanted to be angry at
. Which is to say, it has been specially blended by the people here, for thousands of years, to be taken by couples – and it actually comes as two separate substances, designed to be taken together.”
Those searing shocks as the tip of Tony’s tongue pressed at his rim.
Steve frowned, and shook the thought away. Probably just the after taste of Cherry Bakewell.
It came over him like a wave, like a physical intoxication-
And, as he was letting this joyous revelation settle, he noticed Steve looking at him. His eyes more focused now – obviously indulging in his thoughts of his own…
maybe even
“Steve-” Tony pleaded.
afterthought – Steve picked the empty frame up again, to put the various pieces into their proper places.
“Nope, that’s never happened before.”
And, again, Bucky simply gives the answer that feels real.
And the relief of knowing that he
to slow down, trying to let Tony breathe… Still rocking into him, urgently, kissing the side of his face messily, “You’re beautiful when you come”
that. I am sorry Steve.”
felt good. He’d wanted to say that
“Okay, so just answer me this one question,” Nat suggested, taking a step closer to him. “Is he a creep?”
doing all of it-
This was Tony’s first real opportunity to think about what they
“We could aim for the west side of the building,” Bucky suggested. “I don’t know if there’s another door, but there were a lot of windows, right?”
close, now did it? Maybe Tony just never mentioned it.
happen, to only one of them. Neither of them could make this happen-
And for that a
, much less Tony.
Instead he worked his knuckles against his rim in short, sharp thrusts, remembering that deep, brutal rhythm Steve fell into…
But he
The range of items so casually displayed in store windows, and the shameless claims spelled out beneath them…
“Yeah, well, the Avengers legal team,” Steve frowned,
Tony had so nearly called out after him.
annoyed at you for? I’m not annoyed at you for secretly plotting to hurt me. I’m not annoyed at you for being spiteful, or evil, or cruel. I know
And Tony had just recognised,
He saw the way Tony’s focus sharpened, the hunger that flared up in his eyes.
aches and pains he was gingerly trying to stretch out.
Steve had wanted it, how sure he’d been that it was
4. This Town Aint Big Enough For The Both Of Us - Sparks
Tony smiled, softly. Raised his eyebrows in a gently questioning gesture…
-be, they really have brought us here for a party, but it’s an
7. Bad Romance - Lady Gaga
, more-
was just… completely new.
But he couldn’t outrun it forever.
Which was just too close to being nice for Steve’s liking, so he instinctively leapt in to direct the conversation. “Do you feel any more sober yet?”
He didn’t know where his limbs were, he couldn’t see, he couldn’t
sorry for… I don’t know, the
thing to do. The thing he would do, if he was getting over it. The thing he should do, if he was thinking of what was best for Steve, rather than what might get Steve to notice him-
, now that he was looking right at Bucky, now that he could make that promise to his face…
He had a considered, tried and tested opinion on how all of those things
. In the right. Morally right. It must be hard to do that all the time, without falling back on rules as shortcuts. And, I imagine, you both face a unique emotional pressure, when it comes to questioning those rules.”
At no point did it occur to him that, even for an event this emotionally charged, his reaction was perhaps a
“Do you really believe that?” Tony asked, for no other reason than it had occurred to him.
The all-encompassing high that overwhelmed him when he drank Steve’s blood.
And Steve got exactly two seconds to wonder what Tony wanted to tell him, before he remembered that he had other things to be thinking about-
So, when Tony finally snapped himself out of it, he immediately raced to bury himself in his work – purely to distance himself from that awkward start to the evening. And, thankfully, tonight’s procedure involved another general anaesthetic and a lot of complicated adjustments, so Tony had plenty to focus on. As always, he managed to push
Of course, Steve wasn’t looking at him yet. Steve was watching Bucky breathe, that familiar,
Tony broke into a grin. His head swam as he stood up, a physical excitement flooding his limbs like a static deep beneath his muscles. He wiped his hand, and slid the little tube of lube into the pocket of the bathrobe, and set off for the front door at a near run.
misjudged Tony, and hurt his feelings, and for
he was dreaming…
His head began to throb with the pressure of all these words, until eventually the weight of them condensed everything down into one solid idea-
Tony grinned at him.
Steve had never slowed down for anyone on his way to Sunday school, and, while history might have it that he was just too well behaved and pure minded for such things, the truth was that he’d never liked anyone enough to be late for. He’d never known the simple thrill of a crush, the energy of wanting someone's attention… The pleasure of enjoying someone's company, and hoping that they enjoyed his.
If he’d been more alert when the scene first burst out into the courtyard, he would have automatically shifted into battle stance. If he’d been overthinking everything, as he normally would, he would’ve worked out what was going on far sooner, and already come up with a better plan.
And, more to the point, he really could not start musing about what his fathers
days he’d just suffered through had been fun in a strange sort of way. Tony had never
her writing, and in that case why get us involved at all?”
“So, that’s a yes, then,” Tony whispered, with a grin.
Something about how Pepper must’ve told him…
nervous – the real me doesn’t have a fucking clue what anyone is talking about.”
A polite tap at the door pulled Tony out of his daydreams.
And then Pepper opened the door, and the warm, orange light of the afternoon filled the hallway.
“I dunno. Maybe she’ll be wearing black and red.” Tony sighed. “Or red and gold”
The room they’d been held in was at one end of a short corridor, which gave them just enough cover to stand and process their surroundings. They took turns stealing glances around the corner at an open plan lab area, now swarming with employees rushing to the staircase at the far end of the room. A quick calculation of the space suggested this wasn’t the entire ground floor of the building, that there was another room through the double doors at the back of the lab.
Oh, but
Tony part floated, part danced his way back to his workshop at some point in the middle of the following afternoon.
know that.”
He laughed softly to himself.
Again, there was a little spike of petulant anger at Rogers, for dumping all of this on him… And, again, he couldn’t maintain it.
“...I don’t know?” Steve answered, baffled.
“Well, no – but I think we’re sure it’s not good.” Tony gestured to the screens “And I think we have enough evidence that there is someone with serious problems, and far too much power – including, apparently, the power to lock people in cages… So yeah, I think we can be sure about putting a hard pause on this place, at least.”
“Oh, yeah, of course,” Steve muttered on autopilot, leaping back to let Tony walk by him - his mind still focused on the blow he knew was coming.
Steve exhaled, hot and hurried, fidgeting more urgently against this new source of friction, both of his hands clawing through Tony’s hair now.
the plan, it seemed like the most efficient approach. The obvious approach. A detail that was easily dispensed with, because it could hardly make much difference - after all, weren’t
“...Did you pull this out of the dumpster?” Tony asked, squinting at it with distaste.
And Tony grinned, and Steve breathed a little laugh, and whispered again,
Tony had been so kind, and patient, and thoughtful, and when it was right in front of him it had been so easy for Steve to get swept up in it, to feel safe and comfortable around it…
truly objective way to speak?
But there was already so much that he and Tony couldn’t talk about.
“This is Director Nick Fury, Team Rebirth are to
…Mostly exciting, if he was honest.
“-Ah, yes, well, they think they have” Adam sighed. “You see, when we started out,
There was no fundamental reason that this
can’t have anything to do with Operation Rebirth… can it?”
treat me like… you never… I
“So, really, we have no idea
he’d done it…
to reach a point where he could just laugh at Steve’s jokes and ask how he was feeling, and never even think about what happened…. But he just
Pushing his shoulder back-
“Hm?” He questioned, warmly. Tony tilted his head up again.
“Apparently, if you hurry, you’ll be able to see your friend compete in the folk dancing final.”
Which didn’t matter, of course. He had to finish reading it - preferably, before Tony got home this evening. How he felt about it, rational or otherwise, was irrelevant.
“Did you tell me he was here?”
And then, somewhere, deep,
liked to hear that Steve Rogers was a fan of his. Back when he was an innocent kid, who believed in heroes and perfect people and the bullshit his dad came out with - or even when he was horny teenager, who didn’t much care whether it was actually true. If Captain America had turned up
“And today
And Steve felt his stomach clench.
And Steve
A familiar energy began to gather in Steve’s chest, sparking that electric shivering under his skin… that sharpened focus… that conflicted urge to flee…
Tony, oh, God… So good, so good” Steve’s babbling got louder and more mindless as Tony drew back to suck the head of his cock, and then sank down on him again, and again, and again-
Arg. This was a disaster. He’d done the
“You’re okay, right? You didn’t burn yourself?” Tony added, without looking at Steve.
, and I’m sorry about that, and I’m sorry that I didn’t tell you that, and… I’m just sorry.”
“…earlier?”
Before he gave up, and kissed Tony again.
Steve’s resolved flickered, and he hesitated just long enough for Sam to attempt another intervention.
“I love it,” Steve answered quickly. Just for once he wasn’t worried that he sounded every bit as awed as he was - he was glad, actually. He wanted Tony to know.
It simply wouldn’t stick.
Even in the midst of a personal breakdown, Tony found himself trying to work that out. Thinking back to the treatment yesterday with far more clarity than he’d thought about anything, all night. Maybe it was just the focusing effect of his responsibility for Bucky’s health, but – amazingly – Tony was actually able to concentrate. And then he remembered
Steve made sure to ignore that last observation, as he and Bucky stepped into the elevator. He swallowed as subtly as he could, and tried to breathe through a sudden lightness in his chest. Again, he tried to think his way out of these feelings. He made himself remember everything he’d decided that afternoon. He told himself that he’d get over this before too long…
them now. It wasn’t as though he was so blissed out that he’d forgotten the realities of his life. If anything…Tony felt like he understood everything
Without even realising it, Steve had come crashing back to the real world. He’d remembered that there was such a thing as consequences, that there was such a thing as the future – that there were in fact a thousand potential futures, and he did care which one he ended up in, and it was up to him to do something about it-
“I decided to just buy the place,” Tony replied, with what was clearly meant to be a nonchalant shrug. “I can do that sort of thing. I’m very rich.”
“I had sex with him.”
“Because the
to compete with those plans,” he replied, amiably. “In which case, if I don’t see you again, it’s been a pleasure to work with you Steve,” and he extended a hand. Steve took it, warmly.
, there was literally nothing he had to worry about or ‘keep in mind’ right now. He could just be spaced out and drug fucked and feel
from signing them. I just said what I thought, and did what I thought it was right to do – I wasn’t making choices for anyone but myself. And the actual choice I made for myself was that
He could
Steve gave his head a self-conscious little shake, and made a weak attempt to wipe the grin from his face, and opened the car door with only slightly too much force. He crossed the car park at just less than a run, and managed to keep himself from bouncing on the balls of his feet as he waited for the door to open.
“‘Kay,” Bucky agreed, letting his eyes slip shut.
Until he heard the elevator stir into life.
-if he hadn’t decided on this accidentally enlightening fantasy, or if they both hadn’t taken a hit of Fantasia, who knows…
It wasn’t just that Tony happened to look so beautiful, with his hair falling forward into his eyes like that, and his lips pursed in thought. It was that he looked so very
He had spent the last few hours floating on that feeling, revelling in the possibilities of simply being alive. For the first time in so long, Steve genuinely felt like he was a
way from earth.”
And, that much, Tony could’ve accepted as his famous bad luck. He hated going into situations blind, and he hated the idea of anything alien, and all in all he wished someone else could’ve done this. But that much he could deal with. That sort of thing he was used to.
The emptiness Tony felt was just the gap that
And even stranger was Steve’s immediate instinct that… no, he couldn’t.
planned to talk to Tony about the hurt he’d caused him. Really. He was going to tell Tony that he was sorry, and acknowledge that he’d had it all wrong up until now, just as soon as they got home, he really
...And he also really wanted to get out of this room.
he’d been told. The moment when he cut himself open and put all his feelings out there,
The effect was instantaneous.
“What?” Tony asked – with no intention of listening to her the second time, either.
It was only that nagging worry for Tony that pulled him out of it.
Remembering Rhodey’s off hand comment about Zan making friends with Nebula… hoping it was true, actually…
He moaned,
He was semi-distracted from his thoughts when yet another pair of waiters shuffled by the table, one collecting the empty plates, the other handing out the next round. This time it was a range of tiny pastries, decorated with brightly coloured icing. Steve burned with hope that this would be the last course-
Steve wasn’t sure if Tony had even blinked in all the time that he was talking. His face was still frozen in that expression of blank disbelief… his lips soft and slightly parted… his eyes wide and shining…
He knew exactly which mix of elements led to that particular effect…
with it. Like Jayba, thinking how we could
It felt like something he
And then the searing absence, as Tony took his hand away.
in Steve’s chest.
Because both Tony and Steve had been petty and irritable that morning, both of them committing more firmly to their own plans as they tried to pick holes in the other’s…
...And when he allowed himself to feel things.
And Tony
Tony shook his head, and looked back down at the letter he was still holding.
But nothing came out when he tried to say it, his throat was still too tight, there still wasn’t enough air-
“But the Councilmen and the Government and the neighbours, they wouldn’t stop harassing him, and eventually he looked into what he could develop to
All ridiculous, and nonsensical – and, anyway, irrelevant.
“Oh God, I’m close, so close, please,” Tony panted, gripping Steve’s shoulder hard enough to bruise.
that Captain America wasn’t the idol his father had made him out to be - like it was a rejection of Howard’s entire mindset…
like this, Steve,” Tony whispered, his hands stroking firmly down over Steve’s ribs as he ran his eyes over every inch of him. “So pretty, and strong, and
Actually…
“Thank you” Steve whispered –
And Tony pulled the necessary expressions,
“Okay, honestly, I am
change the direction of travel
have been able to pay attention… But these simple, perfunctory tasks weren’t nearly enough to distract him from the chaos in his head. He kept finding himself staring at a string of numbers with no idea what he was looking at, or poised to make a note with absolutely no recollection of what it was. Even keeping up a basic conversation with Bucky proved a challenge. Everything Bucky said interrupted a lively and disjointed train of thought in Tony’s head, snapping him back to a world that made no sense…
And Steve could understand that.
But it
He knew, really, it was okay for him to be excited that Steve was on his way. Whatever twenty years of conditioning told him.
Wishing he’d not been so needy and demanding when Tony tried to explain, that he’d been more understanding of what Tony was trying to say
Because, what, that was just who Steve was, or something?
“But I am so fed up with everyone talking like we’re on opposing sides of some great moral stand. I am
The silence in the room was suffocating.
to be more to it than that.
little lecture. He’d had twenty years of this from Rhodey and Pepper, from every conceivable angle. He knew how to politely fob this one off-
“You are
Steve.
Another random thought leapt into his head – which had been happening all evening. Right now Steve’s brain was just an endless noise of unrelated, unhelpful ideas, yelling at him ineffectually… This time the memory of a particularly clueless guy he once overheard in a bar, ranting to his friends that ‘he didn’t know why Lola was so upset’. And, because Steve had nothing else to concern himself with back then, he’d listened along with a horrified sort of interest as the guy explained his attempt at a good deed… Which was, as far as Steve could tell, offering to sleep with a gay friend –
didn’t…” And grinned, and began bouncing on the floor to demonstrate his prowess-
he’d control himself the next time. So he made himself keep his head upright – for long enough to realise that Steve wasn’t looking at him right now. Steve was looking over Tony’s shoulder, his eyes following Bucky’s movement, softening in sympathy as Bucky slowly sat himself upright. Tony could tell that, for the moment, Steve didn’t know that Tony
And then their eyes met. Steve found himself looking at the very thing he was feeling – the same surprise in Tony’s smile, the same excitement in his expression.
panic that clenched his throat shut, when he realised that Tony was going to go for Bucky-
to do it all at once…” he gave his shoulders a little shrug, his palms still pressed against Tony’s arms. “Not that you have to apologise, for me-”
Tony felt himself jolt to attention, every hair standing on end as he tried to place that little noise. And then he picked out the shiny red envelope, sitting on the floor a few feet into the room. Belatedly, he recognised the sound of it being slid under the door, and relaxed just a little – but he still made sure to scan it before he bent to pick it up,
Or, even better – maybe it really wouldn’t be the end of the world if and when he did. Thinking back to last night… Maybe they really could
But there just weren’t words big enough for it.
“I’m dressed like a giant rainbow mirror ball,” Sam reminded him incredulously, pointing down at the ceremonial robes - which, of course, caught the sunlight again, triggering another frantic raft of shhhing and arm flapping from Tony and Bucky. “Well, there you go,” Sam whispered. “You can’t
“And I can assure you that it has no long-term effects,” Jesse went on, in the same casual tone of voice.
Tony clenched his jaw, and did his best to smother that particular train of thought.
And all of that was exhilarating and life affirming and new…
none of this was relevant. That there were no analogies - that this wasn’t
“We have another night,” Tony assured him, with a sigh. Steve chose to simply be happy that Tony didn’t have to leave yet.
There was something so compelling in that, in and of itself. The fact that Tony looked so beautiful. The fact that he looked so…
“So, yeah, whatever happens, I’m going to be here, loving you and doing whatever I can to make your life better, even if I’ve got to do it from a distance…” Tony summarised, self-consciously. And then he gathered himself, taking a little breath and setting his shoulders before he added, “but, honestly, I don’t want to do it at a distance.”
“No - that idea was in his head anyway,” Wanda answered, her words echoing from miles away..
He waited for that familiar instinct, that bodily fear of it.
Tony everything - that much was obvious. Steve would have to explain that he was a vampire, and that he was very sorry for not telling him sooner… And that he couldn’t be sure if it had an effect on the people he loved, or so much as
Because the one thing he seemed reluctant to accept was that Steve just wanted to be with him.
if it would be worse if he
Somewhere in the haze he remembered to panic about the tracker, and the plan-
was all he’d been looking for, all he wanted-
But there was nothing he could do about that for at least another month.
...And Tony would probably never be able to work out what changed, after that.
be thinking.
Tony took a minute to settle his weight back onto his feet, letting go of a purely symbolic breath. Somehow, he knew he’d only get a few minutes before his head was just a mass of panicked noise again – so, he calculated quickly.
“All of them.”
He swallowed hard, letting the exhilaration settle into something more comfortable before he looked up at the house again. And then he smiled, his heart still fluttering behind his ribs as he walked up to the door and rang the bell.
you must’ve been then, and, yeah. I am sorry for that.”
him to be sent to prison or – and when he explained the way it was right, like I was
That this was entirely different to the resistance of being drugged, or exhausted. That he wasn’t too numb, or too disoriented, or too drained to move-
…That had never been the point, Steve remembered now.
And suddenly, there it all was – all the complicated history between he and Steve, laid out in his mind. Every fight, every meaningful look, every shared moment and every betrayal… and all the different issues that ran through it all. All the irrelevant bits cut out, all the important points in order, just like that.
of new ideas in Steve’s head, all of a sudden, things he didn’t have time to think in words or directly look at, but still… he
He could feel Steve’s pulse, the heat of his blood-
… and thinking about how he’d come to fuck it up so badly, and what he could do about it now.
“Tony, fuck me,
“Yeah,” Bucky answered easily, the vaguest hint of a frown around his eyes –
And Steve hated that too.
,” he said instead. “That I know you aren’t perfect, and I trust you anyway. Because you apologised and you meant it and I believe you. Because I know you did care about my feelings that whole time. Because, actually, I understand how you got there and that you
The air around him shimmered with colours he wasn’t looking at, before… He could
And it wasn’t like that at all.
Actually, it wasn’t anything at all. Just a high-pitched noise that broke into a low, anguished groan as his climax jerked through him.
nowhere-
Steve felt strangely exposed, thinking of it now. Not unclean, exactly, but…
He genuinely couldn’t remember what she’d even come over to talk to him about. He just remembered that it wasn’t about the Avengers… He’d made sure of that, before he allowed his mind to wander…
As soon as he heard Steve say,
something about it.
meant it. “I’m so sorry that SHIELD betrayed you, for how stressful and painful that whole thing was. I’m sorry for what Bucky went through. I’m sorry for how difficult and confusing and lonely every day must be, while you try to make your way in this world.”
of those things. They could all be true - or
. All of it was so much worse than any of the things Tony had thought to worry about at the start. Turned out, Tony had more to protect himself from - and so much more to protect - than he’d ever realised-
But more to the point. Steve wasn’t going to keep having sex with other people – sex he already knew he wouldn’t enjoy, that he didn’t even
His arms were already reaching out towards him, his hands curling themselves into fists as a last-ditch attempt to resist the temptation…
…He wasn’t
The thought that maybe Howard had done something terrible in the past, that he’d betrayed Steve or gotten on the wrong side of him or had some reason to flinch from that powerful goodness in him or...something… Something like that would’ve made sense of everything.
Zan stood and fidgeted for a few moments. Tony glanced around the room, as casually as he could, trying to spot if anyone was paying attention to them. He didn’t
He was on the top floor of the Tower, which, at least for the time being, was still his suite. He had all the papers drawn up to put the building on the market – some of which he’d even gotten as far as signing, before the whole thing became too fucking tragic for him. Maybe next week he’d finally give it up and hand them over to Pepper. New year, new start, and all that…
He’d prepared himself for that revelation. His six months of planning for this moment had included a lot of honest thinking; many frustrating, sleepless nights going over the most shameful of his regrets and facing the worst of his fears - all so he could be as ready as possible for this new start. In amongst all that, there was the acceptance that some things would never be better-
” Steve hissed, rolling up to meet his touch, arching his back as Tony pulled his cock free and ran his grip over the length of it.
...Because you couldn’t say ‘I love you’ on a whim.
Well, that would be…
The breeze was warm and soft, carrying a fine spray of salt and the sound of children playing on the beach. He was walking with such a spring in his step that he was almost skipping, smiling so broadly that people waved when they caught his eye-
can have anything you want in the world,” he promised, already searching his way along Steve’s throat, finding that one particular spot.. “Because you are good…”
Tony had spent a large part of each day imagining all the ways that Steve could be discovered or ambushed or killed, making increasingly ridiculous offers to God if They could just please not stamp all over his happiness on this one occasion-
God, he wanted Steve.
of thunder, that seemed to come from right outside the house.
. And, so, yes, there
And it bothered Tony that he couldn’t tell the difference-
“Well, yeah, of course I’d love that,” he breathed, as the revelation continued to unfold. “But it’s not just that, it’s… I’ve always been on my own with this, before now… I’ve never even had anyone I could talk to about it, never mind having someone who wanted to help…”
exhausting this was.
jolt of arousal to the whole thing.
And Tony didn’t know whether he hated himself for knowingly,
that there’s no way I’d still be here to figure any of this out, if it weren’t for you two,” Tony went on. “That’s just for a start. I’d be dead without you, both of you, and I know it. And … okay, I think there
“For the record - you came up with that idea, not me,” he smiled.
this thing, to prove to himself that he was bigger than it was.
He looked up at the poolside, tears still sparkling on his eyelashes, to see Bucky striding purposefully towards them. He was still grinning when knelt down at the edge of the pool and reached out for Steve’s hand.
Tony woke up with a sharp gasp, his forehead filmed in sweat.
from behind the chair, and Zan turned to see Tony typing the co-ordinates into the portal-device again.
Tony was, as ever, overwhelmed by just how powerful Steve was. How quickly he could move – how
The rest of his morning was spent bouncing between irritated and miserable, his head full of relentless, meaningless chatter… It was repetitive, and exhausting…
Tony sucked another long, slow mouthful, the feeling even more vivid now that there was literally no resistance to it. Steve could feel the blood being pulled through his veins, through every inch of him, bringing every other sensation along with it – tugging that low ache in his groin up through his hips, crushing it under the power of this release. Steve came hard against his stomach, the relief of it simply melting into the rush of Tony drinking from him, the aftershocks running in his blood, like Tony was dragging him climax up through his body, dragging it out. He choked out a sob, cut short when Tony drained another heavy gulp. It was like he was breaking over and over, coming and coming, held at the crest of this wave – freefalling, with no end in sight…
Tony had been helping him out.
was the time.
He understood why Steve would say that, why anyone would think it was harmless to
buying this for him -
you into wanting this? What if… I don’t know, what if you’re being influenced now, and neither of us know it?”
And he dropped his eyes for a second, almost shyly. When he looked up again there was a hint of sadness there.
“This entire floor is set up for this experience tonight – if you’d prefer to be with other people, to go to one of the lounges or one of the group rooms we walked by, you are of course more than welcome.”
But – it had done
He should’ve said something.
. His chest
And he had the same instinct, that he was never supposed to be out of it like this… the same vague memory that something was important…
Slowly unbuttoning his shirt…
And, just to punctuate his point, someone on a nearby couch chose that exact moment to start yelling ‘
“Well, I do. And you can.”
“Don’t sugar coat it Nat, say what you think,” he mocked, avoiding eye contact with the woman out of second-hand embarrassment. Nat shrugged.
turned you in, or failed to have your back, you still didn’t stop to think you could trust me. But nothing you ever did would make people pause, for even a second, to think maybe I might have a point. That it might be worth
And never mattered anyway.
Steve hiccupped a startled little cry as his vision flashed with stars.
above emotions or preferences… I think maybe I’ve been making myself smaller, all this time I’ve trying to be bigger than my humanity. I think I’ve just ended up cutting parts of myself out. And – wow, this is getting to be a deeper thought that I planned on,” Steve cut himself off with a self-conscious laugh. And then he collected himself again, and sat forward so that he could tell Tony, seriously,
, the idea of you caring what I do, of you expecting more of me than you could a stranger.” A shade more emotion came into his tone, words came just a little quicker “I want you to trust me, and… I know I have to earn that back. I know, whatever has happened in the last few days, this can only be a start – and I swear, I will… But, what I mean is…”
That humiliated emptiness in Steve’s chest began to harden, until he could feel it like a cold weight against his ribs. It dampened some of the fire in his anger - leaving a more resolved, more resolute rage in its place.
And, as an aside, there was a part of Steve’s head that was
Whatever the reason, Tony couldn’t help but see that as ridiculous, now. Assuming Steve Rogers was telling the truth - and, for whatever reason, Tony simply assumed he was - then he was in an impossible position.
And he hated the world, for the fact that he could never make Steve love him back, for the unfairness of it. Knowing that however hard he tried, Steve just didn’t care about him-
Steve took a deep breath, and moved so that he could take both of Tony’s hands in his, clasping them tight when he explained, “I know how strange it is - that it’s kind of logically impossible… But it’s true. The ten years that I knew you
Steve liking it… Not because Tony was a vampire, or in spite of Tony being a vampire… Just liking it…
“Okay, well, I’ll make up some fresh drug coffee for when you’re out” Tony offered, and Steve laughed softly.
And he ripped the tape from Steve’s mouth with a
other time he would have fought that, at least a little, even if it was only in his own head-
it was better to start working through them.
“...I mean, I get that we might need a way to… restrain him, at first,” Tony went on, when Steve didn’t. “From what you said, I mean. But… does it have to be that, specifically?”
And… Wow. How to begin with that one.
the way to tease these reactions out of him-
“Oh, God, please, I can’t, I’ll come like this, I-” Tony babbled desperately, barely aware he was even speaking. Steve simply dug his fingers harder into Tony’s flesh and pushed his tongue deeper inside him, tightening that need to the point of pain-
probably think of it as an opportunity to plan. But the trouble was, the mission wasn’t at the top of his list of priorities. It should have been, but it wasn’t. His immediate concern was how the hell he was going to handle this thing with Steve, when he was forced to actually spend some time with him.
“I fucking love you, you know that?” Tony breathed, in lieu of that hug. And Pepper just smiled,
Until he mindlessly turned the page over.
“And afterwards?” Tony challenged.
And then Tony shot Nick a combative smile, and suggested,
“Uh, two pans and something to drain the rice,” Steve replied, because he’d momentarily forgotten the word for ‘colander’. But Tony seemed to know what he was talking about and went over to one of the cleverly concealed cabinets, which Steve took as an opportunity to have a better look around the kitchen.
specific smile, and a hundred fragments of memories that went with it…
part of things was nothing to do with vampires, he was sure. That part was pure Steve Rogers.
Calmly, Tony noted the time, and worked out that their... unscheduled break, had lasted less than an hour. He glanced up at the door and visualised the living room on the other side of it; the papers that were spread out on the floor, the writing that almost covered one of the walls… He remembered where they were up to, what he needed to do next-
He wondered what
And then Tony pulling away from him, and the cold absence he left…
…This was exactly the sort of thing that frightened Steve, usually. These time pressured, no-win situations, where there was no way of working out the right answer-
this is,” Steve sighed, letting his fingertips tease very lightly over the scar tissue that surrounded it, “and there aren’t words for that either. How
he’d literally taken Steve’s shirt off-
“I’m sorry,” he muttered, as he tried to centre himself again. “But, look, Pepper, I
“You showed him what?” Steve repeated, when Wanda didn’t answer him. She closed her mouth, her frown deepening - and then,  just when Steve was about to lose his patience, Rhodey spoke up,
“Oh, I so wish I’d done that now!” Steve moaned – which only made Tony laugh harder.
didn’t like the idea of-
questions…
and, uh, I’m sorry for that now.”
He knew that he’d just lived through a moment in which the thought of biting Steve felt totally natural.
…And, apparently, Tony cared about whether he’d hurt his feelings.
there.
What could he possibly
So, for the time being, Steve didn’t think at all. He took the opportunity to look around the room, and at the other patrons, thinking of it as making notes for later rather than giving any of it any real thought now.
“Yes please,” he grinned, and let Steve pull him up onto his feet again.
“I know, right?” Bucky offered, with a self-conscious shrug. Steve shot him an unimpressed glare.
He heard someone whisper,
“I was just thinking that I love every single thing about you,” Steve replied, casually. A pretty blush appeared over the bridge of Tony’s nose as he lowered his eyes, shyly.
like less of a self-centred ass-
And Steve knew that question should panic him, for all sorts of reasons.
Tony felt his shoulders sag in resignation, as he noted that he had made yet another trek for no reason whatsoever. Steve was already with someone far better suited to look out for him. Steve was fine.
“Have a nice time!” Rousseau called after them, as Steve power-walked the group in the direction of the flower show - or, more accurately,
And he
But Tony managed to contain it. He remembered that he’d made an ass of himself the last time Steve took him by surprise, that he’d
to feel all of these pleasures at once-
Tony immediately slumped against the closest wall, letting his eyes fall shut as Steve shouted a surprised little ‘
His skin was flushed, a pretty blush glowing across his cheeks.
So, he told himself to calm down. He reminded himself that he was trying to look like someone just regaining consciousness, that he had to avoid any physical signs that would give him away at a glance. He had the pill, still pressing hard against his thumb - but, seeing as he couldn’t afford to make himself too vulnerable, it was only a mild sedative. It wouldn’t last that long, or do all that much, and it wouldn’t help if Steve gave it an anxiety attack to deal with first.
...Nothing was going to make this fear go away.
Well, that had been the longest night of Tony’s life.
Bucky hadn’t even noticed how many good minutes this had been.
“Great” Steve sighed, redundantly.
And he turned in time to see the same thought occur to Tony – a shared raising of eyebrows, the same sly little smile…
be the choice that ruined everything? That robbed Steve of the chance to say it for himself-
Steve didn’t understand
...right?
He forced a long, slow breath out through his nose, as quietly as he could, before he slid his fingers under his waistband and retrieved the tiny glass cylinder he had concealed there. He curled his fingers around it, reminding himself not to squeeze too tight yet. And then he arranged his features into a concerned expression and looked over at Gary.
So, The Accords do come up. However, neither Steve not Tony really get into what they actually think about them or any debate about their actual political opinions - this is more dealing with the *way* they discussed things in CACW, and how they might go on to talk about things in the future. They both make apologies for how they dealt with the disagreement, rather than saying they've rethought or amended their actual views in anyway. Any specific apologies given are for the way things came out/wording/tone/approach and not for any of the principles of views they once held. It's not stated whether they have or haven't rethought their actual politics, really, it ends on the idea that they have a lot more (hopefully more healthy) political discussion to do in the future.
being drawn back into all his memories of Steve… And realising how still Steve was when he was sleeping, and how cool his skin was, and, yes, how long he could hold his breath for…
“You didn’t,” Steve smiled, more genuinely. Pleased and proud and maybe even touched that Bucky had reacted in exactly the way he’d expected – whatever Steve’s anxieties had been, they’d never been about what Bucky might say.
an apology – and that was more of a burden.
And now he found himself standing on his own doorstep, feeling dizzy and headachey and uncomfortably out of sync with the world -
Steve forcibly silenced his head, irritated with his own thoughts by now.
And Tony thrust into him again, and those stars fizzed brighter again, like a second burst of fireworks,
The trouble was… Tony had no idea what he was instead.
It might end up with even more confusion and doubt - Steve could find himself stuck in the same pit of anxiety in a few hours’ time, listing things he wished he hadn’t said-
Eventually Steve’s body had started to soften, and that dazed numbness had worn off.
He remembered that total
And Tony had never been so sure of anything in his life - he
The kisses felt so good,
of the variables. After three weeks of background research, all they knew about The Facility was that it was a retreat for wealthy couples... That was
“Too slow,” Nat sighed. “So, you
He realised that he’d fallen into something – whether it was the drugs, or an emotional breakdown, or some hybrid of the two – that his thoughts had literally just this moment broken down on him, leaving him with this overwhelming wordless
surprised by how nice that was, how deeply and purely satisfying it was… He swallowed hungrily, feeling his body cool and soften, draining the bottle while Tony looked down on him, affectionately.
“Hm?” Tony managed, looking up.
destined to do, because it’s just who I am, I don’t… I don’t know what I’m scared of,” he acknowledged at last, his shoulders dropping as he unburdened himself of the weight. “I just know that every time I think of that bunker… of the three of us being there again… I get this horrible, ominous feeling that the gods themselves have been warning me about this for ten whole years… And I can’t find a way to convince myself it’s stupid. I can’t help this horrible fear that it would be more stupid
But it was late, and he was just so tired.
arms, letting his fingertips trace over every sweep and curve as he pushed Steve’s shirt up towards his wrists – because he’d always wanted to.
didn’t know all of this was connected, yet.
Steve was suddenly outside of reality, beyond the context of their lives or the complexities of their relationship or the idea of consequences. This wasn’t even, ‘what would happen if Tony took a sex drug, in real life?’ – this didn’t feel like something that could happen in real life, even as it was happening. He -
“Me too,” he slurred, sleepy and contented.
His mind just seemed to roll from under him
“Well, where you actually are is a planet we call New Eden – for obvious reasons.” And Dev flicked through a few more images, of unspoiled tropical bays under sparking mauve skies, and vast green meadows full of unfamiliar flowers. “The founder of The Facility is actually from earth, and I kid you not, his name actually
“Well, I’d actually thought about that before. I mean, I assumed I’d be a great candidate for that - you know, I can lose up to three litres of blood before I even have to worry? And make it back twice as fast as anyone else,” Steve was speaking too quickly, like he was worried he was running out of time… “And, you’d
“We called it ‘The Fear’, now that you mention it – it’d forgotten that.”
And Steve felt his jaw clench involuntarily, hard enough that it made his teeth ache. He’d almost said,
But Steve just couldn’t resist the appeal of sitting here in the sunlight on this beautiful, quiet afternoon, so close to Tony. It was so nice just to
if you just give me your keys,” Tony informed him.
’ for her, after she spent three weeks pretending to be a personal assistant called Natalie Rushman. But I’m
“Captain Rogers, I understand that this must come as a huge shock to you,” Nat said softly, in a voice that wasn’t even her own. Steve almost laughed again.
“Well, I’d like to think we’ve stopped the whole thing from happening,” Steve sighed, relaxing into his chair. “But, I don’t know - it seemed far too interwoven into a universal plan, to just go away… But it’s okay,” he reached over and placed a reassuring hand on Tony’s knee, “we didn’t have a warning the first time, either - and we beat him then. We’re better prepared now than we’ve ever been. Whenever he comes, and whatever he comes at us with, we’ll deal with it.”
Tony clearly didn’t care.
don’t want to go back there.”
But, obviously, that would have to matter later–
“Okay-”
...But he did have an idea of where to start investigating.
when he’s going to turn up. So, maybe it is worth thinking about that threat as well, and what we can try to do to stop it, or prepare for it, because who knows when it’s going to happen or what stage our other plans will be at - what state world security might be in, at that point… I mean, maybe if I get a look at it, I might be able to figure out how to stop him from coming at all.”
“Jesus, you’re so wet,” Tony whispered, as he ran his hand over the length of him. There was a delightfully guilty shiver over his skin as Tony pulled his cock free, exposing him to the air.
Tony had spent so long petulantly asking himself if he had been a) right about everything or b) wrong about everything… which now felt a bit like asking himself if he should a) ignore this injury completely or b) hack his own arm off. When, obviously, treating this was always going to require a delicate, time consuming operation – a string of procedures, each building on the last. And it would probably involve a few stitches, and some uncomfortable healing, and there might still be a scar left at the end…
feel the same, if Tony still wanted to be with other people, it wouldn’t change what Steve had just discovered.
Tony felt the blood rush to the surface of his skin.
think any of them?
to that elevator - especially without an introduction from JARVIS. So, that meant it could only be Pepper, or-
So, as per their plan, they grabbed the portal device and headed straight for Maribelle’s party. According to the computer system, she was due to make an appearance at any moment, and they knew it would be easy enough to convince her to have a ‘quiet chat’ with them. And – even though there was nearly as much sex going on at this party as the one they’d left – it was at least better lit. More chance of avoiding the damp patches, if nothing else…
been practising some sort of opening statement – but he’d suddenly forgotten all about that. “Are you busy?”
But no.
“What, you didn’t trust him?” Bucky suggested. “You thought he’d rat you out or do something stupid-”
And he didn’t even have time to panic about it, before Steve was answering,
And that, of course, was an appalling choice of words. But heaven help him, it was the best he could do. And Tony just nodded, stoically, and looked away.
“I, uh, did the thing” Steve stammered, looking down.
it would be a bad thing, if it happened.
had ever been mutually exclusive either…
It didn’t stop him feeling guilty - but it helped put it into some context. It stopped him from chasing that guilt, as though it was something he was
That, first and foremost, this was
face, and pulled him in, and kissed him.
For a few moments, Steve could only sit there and sob, and try to breathe, and let all these horrible thoughts wash through him…
“I am
Everything shifted out of focus for a few seconds. Steve lost track of where each of his senses began and ended, he couldn’t understand his own thoughts, he didn’t recognise the sound of his own heart pounding in his ears…
Tony ached to touch him, to taste him, to hold him, to fuck him, to bite him.
“I think that guy maybe takes too much of his own… flowers,” Rhodey grinned, once they were out of earshot.
He spent the entire flight home pacing from one end of the plane to the other, alternating between daydreaming about Tony and repeatedly checking the time.
And then he felt Tony shift, moving to rest his forehead against Steve’s. Steve glanced up, and before his eyes could focus Tony had kissed him, soft and warm and
of that one...
After all those years of hating himself, it had become a habit. The curling in his gut was automatic, the instinct to flinch away from himself was as fundamental as the impulse to blink. All those thoughts still jumped into his head, fully formed and word perfect after twenty years of constant drilling-
Well, nice.
to be found - and you know, the funny thing is, that now that I’ve really thought about it, I’d do the exact same thing again,” he paused, so that Tony could cover his surprised laugh, smiling as he carried on, “but the point is that I
Well. That got his attention.
LEAVE AT LEAST 1 [ONE] HOUR BETWEEN DOSES
of attention, then…
“No, Tony,” Steve stopped him, grabbing hold of both of his shoulders and fixing him with a serious look. “I
ways of detecting those poisons, what was the point?
to get over Steve… But I know I should. I’d probably be happier if I did -
All he
to use it.
And then he felt pathetic for feeling terrible about saying something entirely reasonable - and, quite frankly, necessary…
a dream, but a very specific reality - that safe, natural place he sometimes fell into with Steve… A state that Tony had so comfortably slipped into the night before, and didn’t want to leave yet…
“You okay?” Tony asked, his voice warm with amusement… and right
No other threat still looming on the horizon?
And, I get it Steve, I do. I get that you’re scared of not being perfect and letting people down. I know why you’re scared of opening up to him and losing him. And I
Steve wasn’t sure he understood it… But he couldn’t deny that he felt a little calmer, when he recognised that he had no choice but to deal with this now.
So, for anyone concerned about the consent element of this: Tony does actively ask for vocal consent before anything becomes sexual, and Steve unambiguously asks Tony to fuck him, and both parties are clearly enthusiastic about things throughout - there is no suggestion of force being any part of the fantasy for either of them. However, the fact that they are both on drugs is a fairly major theme of all of this, and its shown to be actively effecting their perceptions and their reactions and their level of inhibition. There is also a moment where it's stated that Tony is so far under the influence of those drugs that he would've *had* to keep going - although Steve asks him to before he does anything, so that's never put to the test, as it were.
Tony pinched back an excited little smile as he broke the seal, thinking back to the last time he’d been to Anni-Vara. Making polite conversation with one of the Varian governors, smiling obligingly when she’d said that he and Steve should come to their Summer Gala. At the time, it had never occurred to Tony that they would actually
For a moment, Tony felt as though he’d reached the peak of physical pleasure and personal happiness, that
…But, for the first time ever, these questions weren’t completely rhetorical.
He was quite possibly turning into an actual monster, with an undeniably inhuman draw to Tony Stark and an apparently supernatural power that only manifested in Tony’s presence-
“So, what use will it be? Anything he tells you?” She asked, almost whispering now.
wish I could just stop talking,” he surrendered breathlessly.
Slowly, Steve remembered the things that he would usually think in this situation - apparently, those were so hard-wired that he could recite them to himself, even in this state-
unbearably frustrated – and it wasn’t like he hadn’t noticed that issue before Tony Stark came into the picture. Steve had been trying to ignore it, sure. He’d tried to convince himself it was a minor issue, in the grand scheme of things… But, okay, he
…That he didn’t know what he was laughing
want to hurt either of you!” Stape outright screamed, the gun shaking in his hands. “I
place in the building that Tony was potentially at risk of UV exposure was the main entrance, and, as a result, he’d developed an almost pavlovian response to it. Twenty years’ worth of muscle memory had always stopped him twenty feet short of this point. An instinct so deeply ingrained that even Rhodey and Pepper felt it… Hence Peppers reaction right now.
sort of stupid for me to let that happen, because sunburn is a big deal for vampires. It’s the
“There is?” Tony perked up - because he immediately knew what Rhodey was getting at, even if Rhodey didn’t seem quite sure…
He would draw a line under the last twenty-four hours.
...Now he remembered.
who had the power to decide who knew and who didn’t, what changed and how… maybe even whether people existed at all…
plan - because it was, objectively, a ridiculous plan. An idea that Tony never would’ve committed to, if he’d been calm and sober…
“…But.”
He was just glad to finally be there.
Hope you enjoy!
happened between them. Remembering little things Tony had said or done, and analysing them to death. And, okay, occasionally indulging in individual ideas – flashes of images, really – before he was forced to shake them away-
“Okay… Why has
developed, and… and then he’d done it. He’d drugged a platoon of Council troops into submission – so now he
He thought of that constant conflict in Tony.
The fact that he might
Because -
But then he recognised… He was always going to care.
better.
“What the hell are you talking about?” Nick interrupted, sounding exasperated now… But Steve could hear the fear in it. Whether it was because of what Steve was saying, or still the effect of finding a stranger in his living room… Steve didn’t actually care. Just as long as he was afraid.
Not that there was any chance of him forgetting
“I just told you, I don’t know-”
wasn’t safe, that he’d thrown Tony’s concentration right before he had to walk into that situation – all because Steve was pretending he wasn’t jealous.
And then Tony began kissing his way down Steve’s back, moving more quickly than he had before, his kisses sharper and more desperate.
And then Steve broke away and looked up at him, his eyes wide and shining, his lips flushed dark…
thought that… God, he couldn’t remember
Tony blinked, tensing in surprise… and then softening, as he realised what conversation they were really having. Steve saw the way he exhaled gently as he nodded,
“He’s the central character in this showcase… but you don’t want him to speak?” Tony enquired, narrowing his eyes. The Rousseau looked back blankly,
He knew that he was every bit as nervous of seeing Steve as he was desperate for it. There had been just as many nightmare scenarios as fantasy reunions, in amongst his conflicting thoughts. There was still the anxious, wordless fear of fucking it up, if he
And there was such a natural, unaggressive
No reason to go looking for another version of Captain America…
“Hey,” he squeaked, sounding every bit as taken aback as he was. “Are you okay? Is Steve not with you?”
“It’s
clinging to the hope that he could side step this, “and I thought I saw it in your notes, and I… Overreacted, and I don’t even know what over, and I’m sorry…”
He might not get the outcome he wanted. It might mean any number of things to factor into his plans. It might end up being something he regretted, or something that forever hurt him, or something he saw completely differently one day…
He was sitting with his weight resting heavily against the concrete wall behind him, staring into the middle distance. His features had come to rest in a melancholy smile, an expression that seemed older than he was, and…
Which, technically, could be described as a long-term plan to shape global security, he supposed…
It was something he’d not experienced since he was a skinny kid in Brooklyn, but still, he recognised it immediately. Feeling as though he was waking up underwater, both fuzzy-headed and unnervingly lucid, surrounded by weak sunlight and stale air…
“Well,” Tony announced decidedly, “I need a drink.” He pushed himself up on his feet, swaying for a second before he fully got his footing, and then looked back at Steve, “you want one?”
“…I think it was even in the same handwriting.” Steve added, almost to himself.
…That was
He could hear the affection in Steve’s voice, whenever he used one of their 1940s in-jokes.
He would have
Suddenly, he felt an overwhelming burden of responsibility… and a fierce protective instinct. He knew immediately that he wanted to get this exactly right – not because Steve thought there was anything delicate about it, but because he knew Tony did.
because Tony had told him to-
It wasn’t so much that he was questioning any of that, so much as that he’d just stopped believing any of it - he didn’t believe anything, anymore.
That hot, irritable realisation that he was questioning whether they should follow the rules, or if, actually, the safest hands were still their own…
And a different sort of anger welled up in her then. A purer, simpler anger –
, to look after Steve.
Zan nodded, solemnly, as Tony dropped the portal remote onto the floor. Steve swore he could see a hint of relief under her sadness.
Tony just stared at him, for a moment.
forgiven him, or whether it was all the drugs…
His heart still clenched as Bucky disappeared from view; there was one final tug of panic as he recognised that he was just letting this chance pass…
But really, what the
Maybe the anger had just burned itself out.
Tony shook his head, and tried to force back the first signs of a headache…
He knew how inappropriate it would’ve been - he did make the effort to swallow it down…
Steve just nodded tersely, and then cast a little glance between Nick and the exit -
Eventually Tony broke away, pulling back just enough to look up at Steve, his arms still draped around Steve’s shoulders.
And then Tony had let Steve’s hand run the length of him – run free of him.
the flowers?” Steve asked - because it felt like someone should.
Was as much as Tony had time to think, before he had to answer question two.
, especially under the circumstances,
said that before. Not to many people, but he’d said it - he’d even meant it, a few times.
...And now, Steve was on his way to an alien flower show.
apologised, and had learned from all of it, and had felt bad for it…
“So, we, uh, should probably talk…” Tony mumbled, running a hand through his hair. Trying to think how he’d planned to start this thing before he got all love-struck and giddy… “I… feel like there’s some stuff I need to apologise for…”
back, as he focused on reading the discomfort in Bucky’s posture, and keeping his hands very steady. He barely heard himself, describing everything he was doing and giving a running countdown until they were through, his voice unnaturally calm. By the end of it, he’d
Steve tried to ignore the creeping feeling that was making its way down his spine and sank into the chair.
tempting to just fall into it, so physically difficult to even
He stopped his thoughts dead, squeezing the ball so hard that his hand ached. If he couldn’t deny that he was insecure, he could at least stop himself from indulging it. Because it
A firmer, surer tone…
And… Well, the impulse human beings have, to make the process of procreation into a romantic and sexual act, and to express romantic desires through sex… That was considered a relatively natural, straight-forward thing, right? Maybe not universal, but by no means
That feeling propelled Tony out of the elevator with an exaggerated spring, pushing his pace into a run.
His birthday was considered a networking opportunity by so many people that he sometimes wondered if it came printed on corporate calendars.
Wanda sucked in a sharp, trembling breath.
...He would literally think it was insane to expect anyone
, and to be able to judge what he was doing and, I don’t know… To exist, I guess, since people like that never seem to think it… But, I look at
Thankfully, in this reality, he just about managed to right himself, settling into his weight very deliberately as Tony… just… looked at him…
Tony hadn’t really given much thought to the gala part of the gala.
“Well, obviously,” Steve huffed, his throat still dry and scratchy, his chest still heaving.
“Oh, shut up – we never had that much fun when we were young.”
Believing that something mattered was enough to convince him that one day things would matter again.
But no.
This time, there wasn’t an out of the way spot he could hide in while things blew over.
If this idea had occurred to him as part of that jumble of anxious thoughts, he would have shut it down.
…Oh, but he didn’t know how to leave it.
And maybe he would have quite liked to turn to Coulson with one final barb, just for his own sake, before he got to work.
“Yes,” Tony answered immediately, his voice still high and breathless. “Yes, I do. Just - just as soon as I’m sure my legs are working…”
at me, if I’d just accepted that nothing you did really was – that it was only
time, Steve laughed because it was funny.
He’d made it as far as the hallway when he heard the scrape of Steve’s key in the lock. Tony stopped a few feet away from the door, his skin stinging with anticipation as he waited.
The way he dug his fingers in harder, tried to rock back against him,
him yet… but he was much more aware of it than he had been, and pleased he didn’t have to spend any time fumbling with the handle.
Steve turned to Adam, who had managed to throw himself forward onto his hands and knees-
That sound Steve made –
Like he’d just realised something awful… except he hadn’t actually realised it.
Perhaps that would’ve been a more confusing or disappointing thought, if he’d been more sober - but as it was, it came to him remarkably easily.
“…Do you think, on balance, just, the way things turned out… Do you think it would’ve been better if they’d never woken me up?”
“Three forty two, am, Sir,” JARVIS replied politely - and Steve jumped.
Like he’d finally taken a full breath after years of nearly suffocating.
To shoulder any responsibility for the both of them, to consider Tony’s needs and feelings ahead of his own.
“Yeah, I think I’ll live,” Steve finished his answer, and Tony breathed
“No, I meant everything” Steve told him – and Tony realised he’d been babbling.
And then they got back to the room, and Steve did have Tony to himself, and Tony
And then Steve dropped onto the seat next to him – way closer than he would normally have sat.
“Well, not really hurt me, to be honest,” Tony corrected. “I think it might just have been… well, maybe not a
He waits a moment longer, wondering if that familiarity will settle into place… and, instead, he works out what’s changed.
...He missed Tony teasing him like that.
He was entirely lost to this.
Just knowing that Tony had been in love with him all that time…
So, no,
And, really, if he thought about it logically, it
“...It’s nice to hear someone say that,” he found himself confessing - not feeling nearly as vulnerable about it as he thought he should be. “To be brutally honest, I liked my mom more than my dad, and no one ever says I was like
And he didn’t give a thought to where they were.
,” Steve demanded.
Who was looking down over him with a smug grin, Steve’s glass held triumphantly in his hand.
“Tony, I’m sorry…” He breathed, softening his voice. “I just - this isn’t… I really didn’t mean that to sound...” But he didn’t even know what he was trying to say.
ever happened in this particular warehouse, before today. This whole floor was just cold storage for one of SHIELD’s New York medical facilities, stocked with run-of-the-mill prescription pills. It didn’t even store anything addictive or that could be misused as a recreational drug - those things were kept in controlled storage, looked after by people who
...The blue lilies on the next stall along, which Steve had originally noted as ‘kind of glowy’, were in fact beautiful, iridescent flowers, that seemed to catch the sunlight and hold it in their petals-
...And, just in case there was
And then he felt Tony’s hands sliding down his back, until he was groping Steve’s ass – and Steve broke into a grin that forced him to break the kiss.
“They give us a pill before we even go up there – I assume it’s the security thing Zan told us about, so that we don’t end up sobbing on the floor. Janine says it's to help us relax first.”
that might one day overwhelm him, turn him into the same monster Obie had been.
. She said
himself.
He was desperate to tell Tony to go and drink, to take better care of himself… But he felt sure that would upset Tony, and anyway, he didn’t know the first thing about this, to be giving advice.
He opened the final cabinet, his eyes immediately drawn to the flash of bright yellow in the corner. Focused on it and only it, until he had
The very few times Tony had been in love before - or, at least, thought he was - it had always been a sensible, gradual thing. Something that developed as his affection and trust and comfort grew. Something he was always aware of, something he could comprehend.
feel as well. These reactions couldn’t exist at the same time. Logically, they were incompatible.
He switched to kissing the other side of Steve’s neck, teasing oh-so-gently with his teeth-
“Oh, you’re still working on the body armour?” Steve enquired, with a spark of interest. Tony felt his cheeks burn under the light of Steve’s attention.
Tony waved a casual goodbye, in spite of the garboil of emotions churning in his gut. He managed to hold out until he was sure Steve was long out of earshot before he let go of a heavy breath, melting down towards the counter as he exhaled.
the internet, at least as we now know it – and
Okay, maybe there had been that little splinter of hard-to-explain jealousy… but he’d been
He tried counting backwards from ten, and forcing himself to breathe more deeply, deliberately untensing his muscles - nothing worked.
“Excuse us, won’t you,” he managed, his voice high and tight.
The feeling of being possessed by him, and of completing him-
“Can you come in tonight?” He sighed
But maybe this was something Tony never got the chance to do, in what little of a real life he got to have. Maybe this was something he’d only seen in movies-
What was actually going to happen in three days was that Nick was going to receive an ominous warning to wait for a week…
Coulson flashed a patient smile at her - which Tony deeply resented - before he turned and took his sweet time strolling to the front door.
He was racing now, trying to keep up with his thoughts, whole sentences lost in choked off sobbing-
pretty sure I can work out the science of this, though. And I do have a hell of a lot of research here to help me, and a lot of it looks like it specifically refers to how you adapt these drugs… the other way, at least… and there are other experiments I could do first, to check I’m on the right track. See if these elements react the way I’m expecting them to, in general…”
, in the next few days… what would be in the interests of the mission, what, ultimately, would be the
a weapons manufacturer for the fucking Nazis. You
And Steve burst out laughing
Then stifling his sobs.
“No, Clint,
,” he cut himself short with an irritated hiss when he saw that he’d hit the worktop hard enough to knock over one of the decorative jars, that a puddle of sparkling liquid was slowly growing on the surface beneath it-
“Or, you know, that you’d read the mission report – I thought you
That, already, he blamed Hydra rather than Bucky for what happened to his parents.
moment - like a sign from God.
And maybe it would calm him down, if he actually managed to focus on something for more than a few minutes. Maybe he’d feel better if he achieved
...Of course, Tony couldn’t prove a negative.
He thought about adding that they didn’t know what the staff were running
“Yes.” Tony breathed out a little laugh… because that was definitely
the one you’re going to – this is all my Mum’s fault! My Mum, and my Dad, and my idiot brother – and the humans! They
He had noticed that he
drugs we’ve successfully engineered. And no one here wants to harm, or God forbid
was the fucking problem.
Eventually, curiosity won out.
“...And I think it was because I was starting to hope that you
…Well, it would be some additional protection from the sun, if nothing else.
“If that’s what you’d like to focus on for the moment, Sir,” JARVIS agreed, knowingly.
Really, Steve already knew that he would have to think about all of this at some point… But the very idea of opening that wound, and all the things that might come spilling out of it, and how messy it would be, and how much it could possibly cost him-
“Yep,” Steve nodded.
Someone he felt a part of. Not just someone that he’d be scared to lose, but someone he’d be scared to leave behind. Someone he wanted to save
Steve grit his teeth harder, and threw a punch so hard that it stung his knuckles
And then Tony snickered again.
He paused, hand still raised towards the door handle. A queasy awareness curled in his stomach, as he rushed to identify this oddly familiar anxiety...
Thinking what beautiful skin Steve had
a lot of things I wish I’d done differently.” Steve told him, softly. “And there are things I
And immediately aware of the strangeness of everything.
Steve knew it wouldn’t be ‘against the rules’ for him to sleep with Bucky again. If nothing else, he and Tony had actually discussed it. Steve had casually mentioned all sorts of details about his relationship with Bucky, as and when they came up, while he and Tony were chatting. And Tony had accepted those details as easily as he accepted everything else – exactly as easily as Steve had been expecting him to – and followed the conversation wherever it happened to lead.
Taking a gentle stroll on his way to replacing the Tesseract hardly felt like a symbolic act of defiance, or a moment of personal reinvention. If anything, Steve just felt awkward and slightly embarrassed to be having such difficulty with so small a step - for being too confused and too nervous to do more with this enlightenment, even now that he knew he could.
“Let’s not go. Stay here instead. With me.”
understand the hurt he’d caused Tony. Maybe Tony just had to be honest, and vulnerable, and set aside those hard-learned defences, before Steve could do the same. Maybe Steve had just needed that guidance, whatever form it came in…
everyone else did, I wish it could just be stuff
Without being asked, Steve shuffled back so that he was sitting up by the headboard, right in the middle of the king-sized mattress - leaving plenty of room for Tony to sit beside him. Tony put the bag down on the end of the bed, and then deliberately took his sweet time over removing his cufflinks, and sliding his jacket down over his arms, and loosening his tie… Steve could feel the tension building with every second he was forced to wait, the heat flooding up his back as he watched every little movement Tony made…
in truth serums, cures for genuine sexual disfunction, reducing the likelihood of addiction, and any number of other potential leads that had been raised by their research, and discounted. That, and the fact that the results of each experiment were recorded and filed separately – there was not one single report making reference to multiple studies, or even multiple tests.
, to Tony was getting stronger, or if he was just thinking about it all too much.
Steve could feel his strength rushing back to him, his excitement building along with it, riding the wave of it…
"Sure he's not," Bucky rolled his eyes. He gave Tony the five minutes he had asked for, but ultimately stomped back over to the bed and yanked the blankets off. Tony yelped in surprise, instinctively curling himself into a tight ball. It was a rather brisk morning, and Bucky felt a little bad about doing that. But Tony needed to get going. "Glad to see you kept your pants on for once."
"Goddamnit, Stark..."
Iron Man switched off the screen and looked up at his teammates, "we start by contacting SHIELD." Fury still owed the team a favor after wrongfully arresting them two years ago. Now seemed like the best time to cash in on that.
Spider-man gulped at the disappointed look his father was giving him.
"The suit is already at top speed, sir," Jarvis reported. "It is flying all the way from New York. It will take time."
"What's in it?"
"Anyway, I got you something," Tony took a small envelope out of his breast pocket. Photos had become a gift giving tradition between the two ever since Peter's seventeenth birthday. Tony didn't like to celebrate his own birthday or father's day, but Peter still got presented him with a photo whenever those days rolled around. Peter could barely contain his joy as he slipped the photograph out of its envelope. His heart skipped a beat when he got a good look at it.
"Lot on my mind," Spider-man shifted around, lowering his head and bunching up his shoulders.
"Are you still close?" Osborn pressed.
"No!" Spidey said a bit too forcefully, startling everyone. "I...I'm way older than him. I'd be weird for me to date him."
"Harry, don't do this!" Ned was frozen in place, scared that Peter would be shot if he took one step closer.
"Very...um..." Steve's face was red. "Fine. That's fine. Hold still."
Thor waltzed into the kitchen, holding his arms wide, "it is good to be back in Midgard! It has been much too long! I am eager to once again partake in the drinking of coffee!"
Natasha didn't answer.
"I don't know!" The teacher yelled back frantically.
Peter continued talking. "It'll be fun, though. The three of us could go on patrol together afterward-"
Peter bit back a cry of pain when his spider sense exploded again. Someone was in the lab. Heavy metallic footsteps echoed throughout the room. Peter yelped in surprise when a laser suddenly cut through the vent, less than a foot from his face. He made a move to crawl backward, but a second laser cut through behind him. With a crash, the section fell to the floor, with Peter still inside. Iron Man grabbed him by the arm and hauled him to his feet.
"I...love him too," Steve kept his eyes glued on the water. In all honesty, he had been slightly worried that the Avengers wouldn't be able to find him. Being confined by vibranium chains had terrified him. The shield, the one thing that could break them, just out of reach. But then Iron Man crashed through the ceiling and all doubt was instantly destroyed. Of course, Iron Man would come for him. He didn't know why he had ever doubted his teammate in the first place. He clearly remembered the warm feeling that had spread across his chest when Iron Man carried him off into the sky. Steve had felt safe in his arms. Loved, even.
"They tortured you." That wasn't a question.
Tony and Steve exchanged baffled looks but ultimately decided to leave.
"You're a fool, then." Bruce shook his head.
"Like I said, we're on your side, Tony." Rhodey sighed, he pushed off the wall he had been leaning against and went to stand directly infront of Tony. "I get it, I wouldn't trust us either, but you have to. We all have to work together if we're going to save Peter."
Peter seemed to appear out of thin air. He wore his Spider-man costume, sans the mask, and was staring up at Bucky wide-eyed. Bucky tilted his head at the kid. Everything about him reminded Bucky of pre-serum Steve. Everything from his scrawny build, to the way he held himself. He knew he wasn't the toughest guy in the room, but he was acting like he was. Bucky couldn't get over just how young the kid looked. His youth combined with the scars on his face made Bucky's stomach churn. He wondered what happened but couldn't bring himself to ask. And now the kid was looking up at him with big, innoccent, puppy dog eyes, and Bucky just couldn't take it anymore.
"The Hulk proof room, specifically," Bruce reported. Steve looked around, taking in the familiar circular prison. The single fluorescent light above them hurt his eyes. There was no other light besides that single bulb. Two Iron Man bots stood guard next to the control station. They were completely still, their eyes fixed on the Avengers. Steve wanted to rip them apart with his bare hands.
"It's been over an hour. They're probably dead," Sam commented.
"I did. And? I was trying to find a cure for my own green problems. I was unsuccessful, as you can clearly see." Bruce motioned to himself, his voice calm.
"Okay." Iron Man sighed. "You gonna be alright?" He rubbed circles into Steve's back. "Do you want me to stay the rest of the night? In case you have another nightmare?"
All eyes fell on Peter.
"There!" Steve pointed to one that showed Osborn dragging Spider-man's unconscious body down a hallway. There was no security footage for the room they disappeared into. Henry was nowhere to be found.
"We find Peter, we find the traitors," Clint said.
"Not yet. It's only Monday, though. Everyone misses you at decathlon practice. Flash is still spreading rumors about you. The latest one is that you're hiding out in the woods, living as a cannibal." Michelle smirked.
." Steve spat the name without meaning to. "Shut it down."
"Yes, Steve." Their leader had gone to meet with Fury early in the morning, wanting to sort out this mess as soon as possible. "You want to see your boyfriend, don't you? And I'm sure he's gonna want to see you too."
Tony nodded, too numb to say anything.
"Why do you have my shield?" Steve whispered.
"You just gave it more juice, you idiot!" Tony groaned, watching the power level go up a few notches on his screen.
The sun began to set before anyone was allowed to see Peter. A soft orange glow illuminated the room. Various Avengers came and went, checking on the situation and then leaving to get dinner. Tony was now alone in the waiting room, staring at the clock on the opposite wall. Five hours, ten minutes, and forty-seven seconds. That's exactly how long Tony had been waiting. He continued to count the seconds, finding it oddly calming. Footsteps approached him. Thinking it was a doctor with news, he grabbed the armrests of the chair, ready to jump up.
"Banner can go fuck himself," Peter hissed.
"Doesn't have to be. He's a lot like you."
"Oh, Steve!" Iron Man's hand shot into the air, almost smacking Steve in the face. "I thought of a name!"
"Maybe...even if Osborn doesn't have him, Peter was clearly hurt by something," Tony reminded his team. "We need to find the Venom."
"You thought I was gonna let you leave? That's funny. You're trapped in my bed for the night. Deal with it."
"Steve's injured," Bucky reported. "But it's not too bad. He can still fight if he needs to."
"And you deserve to be happy."
"Well, Ultron's gone. Everything's over. We can move on," Clint clapped his hands together. "Right?"
"Wait, what?! By who?!" Clint jumped to his feet, an arrow already drawn. Tony scrambled to his feet, about to call his armor.
"No."
Peter poked at his food with a fork. He really didn't want to have this conversation, but this man had just bought him breakfast, so he felt obligated to give the man the answers he wanted.
"No, no, I just have a lot on my mind. Can't focus too much," Bucky admitted, giving Tony a look he couldn't quite read.
Also, how do you guys feel about Peter having a love interest in this story? I was thinking Ned or Michelle. Usually I write spideypool, but Spidey is a minor in this, so I'd rather not do that.
"We? You mean I get to use-"
Bucky stormed into the kitchen and flung a plate at the table, knocking over the salad bowl and ranch. Bruce lunged forward to grab the falling objects. He righted them as he gave Bucky a questioning look. The plate he had thrown still had food on it. Said food was now scattered across the table.
"I still think it's a huge risk," Bruce waved his hand, dismissing the schematics from the glass screen, and giving him a clear view of the robot that stood on the other side.
"No, I'm the real deal," Peter chuckled. "And yeah, I guess you could say today's laundry day."
"Enough!" Steve boomed.
"No. But I have a feeling you're going to ask anyway." Tony crossed his arms.
"He's secretly Iron Man," Peter smirked. "Don't tell anyone."
Time froze. Spider-man could do nothing but stare at the body in horror. The web had caught Osborn to high up on his chest, the whiplash breaking his neck. "Oh...oh no..." Someone was speaking to him, but he couldn't comprehend what they were saying. Osborn's body swayed in the wind.
"We should call him Sparky," Clint smirked. Natasha hit him over the back of the head. "How about Robert? He looks like a Robert."
"Stop what?" Tony looked away, opting to scroll through his phone instead.
"Okay, so 'dream' was the wrong word choice. It felt more like a memory," Peter waved his hands in the air. "I could feel the temperature in the room, and the wind outside, and I could smell someone frying burgers in the kitchen down the hall, and I-"
"Okay. So we just need to figure out who stole it and get it back?" Peter frowned, "shouldn't be too difficult. Why did you want me back at the Compound so badly? No one's actually put together this 'venom' thing, right?"
"Of course I did," Tony scoffed. "But by the time we all got close..." he shook his head. "It was a year before I realized I was being stupid and that I could trust you. But I was afraid of your reactions. I thought you would be angry with me. And I didn't want to get kicked off the team. And, no offense, but I was legitimately afraid of Bruce's wrath."
"I didn't. We're still talking about injuries. Although, that's not a very fun topic. Let's talk about something else. Like the fact that Thor blew up the toaster. Again. Someone needs to talk some sense into that man before my wires snap. I swear-"
"Is it going to hurt?" Peter asked.
"It's over now, though," Peter responded, kissing her temple.
"Yes. I love you too, Cap."
Peter chuckled, "Sam made them for Steve, and Steve gave them to me. So not technically stealing. Take one before I eat them all."
"Who's side are you on?" Iron Man's head whipped in his direction, blue eyes meeting Steve's.
"No, no, I mean I saw him walk out of the room with you a few minutes ago..." Sam trailed off.
"I don't care."
Natasha ghosted a hand over his back. "Careful, I think you broke a few ribs."
"I was imagining what you would look like if you had one." Steve used a blue pencil to color in the eyes. No pupils, just glowing blue orbs. Tony chuckled. Steve had gotten that little detail half right. "I actually based you off Tony Stark. Hope you don't mind."
"Nope. We go to high school together, or something?" Spider-man hoisted his upper body up and grabbed onto Toomes. Wanda had mentioned that one of the people they were meeting dressed like a bird. Although, Peter had imagined a man in feathery spandex, not this horrifying individual with mechanical wings and talons, and glowing green eyes that seemed to pierce into his very soul.
"Ah! So this is a spider!" Thor held Henry up like Simba. "We do not have these on Asgard! Now I understand the powers of young Peter! I heard spiders were quite hideous creatures with long legs. But this creature is not hideous! It is quite small and soft!"
"I can tell," Peter shot a look at Clint, who was standing directly behind him with a smug look plastered on his face. He hadn't been back to the compound since the Osborn incident and was honestly planning on spending his birthday alone with Michelle, but his family obviously had other plans. Peter followed his father into the living room, where the entire team was already gathered. Everyone had to give Peter multiple hugs and wish him a happy birthday. Which was perfectly fine with Peter. He liked hugs. Even Happy gave him a hug, which honestly made his entire day.
"In a garbage truck. I am unsure which dumpster they picked it up from."
Peter crouched on a branch, looking down at the Avengers. The team walked silently through the woods, being led by Cap. They had ditched the quinjet in a field a few miles back. Peter slipped off his jacket and stuffed it in his backpack. The warm Georgia breeze ruffled his hair.
"As am I," Rhodey spoke up.
Peter grinned at that.
"Not right now." Peter stared blankly at the sheets.
"I see him!" Natasha cut him off. She shot out of an alley on her own bike, getting between Tony and Peter. Tony was forced to slam on his breaks. Up ahead, the teen crossed into the oncoming lane and zig zagged his way through traffic. Peter twisted around to look back at Natasha, who was hard on his heels. Angry horns blared and people screamed when Natasha had to drive on the sidewalk in order to avoid a car.
Peter had his face resting on the kitchen table, his arms outstretched. Bruce was removing the stitches from his forearms.
"Stupid fucking Tony, with his stupid fucking beard, and his stupid fucking..." Spider-man grumbled as he web slung across the training hall. He landed on the wall and took a deep breath.
"I don't know what you're playing at. But we ain't going anywhere until you tell us the truth!" Bucky pushed past Steve and grabbed Tony by the collar.
A rustling noise made Peter jump to his feet. He relaxed and sat back down when he realized it was just a squirrel.
Tony still wore his armor. He suddenly couldn't breathe and opened the suit. He started to fall to his knees but Natasha caught him before he hit the ground.
"I cleaned everything up! It all got blown to hell in the end, but at least I cleaned up my mess."
"I can pull it up on my phone," Harry offered, already reaching into his pocket.
"You can't
"Excuse me?" Tony wished he hadn't discarded his jacket earlier. He wanted to hide the fading light in his chest more than ever. The man held up the bottle, pointed at Tony's chest and repeated what he had said. Did he know the damaged arc reactor was barely keeping Tony alive? Tony shook his head, saying, "that won't work on this."
Tony did not like Fury's answer and opened his mouth to argue, but Fury held up a hand. This was his fifth meeting with Iron Man this week. The director was taking the stolen Iron Man plans very seriously, but with SHIELD still recovering from the Hydra takeover, there was only so much he could do. "I've already ordered the Avengers to be on high alert. All we can do right now is wait for Hydra to rear its ugly head again."
"Jeez, what happened to you?" Robert nearly choked on his coffee.
"Rhodes?" Bucky held the phone to his ear, "keep it brief, we're a bit busy here." The soldier hopped over a charred wooden beam. A cloud of ashes kicked up when his feet hit the ground. He scanned the remains of the burnt building. Which was still burning in a few places.
Tony scoffed at that. They had given their half-assed forgiveness speeches through gritted teeth. He couldn’t tell if it was because they felt guilty themselves, or if they were being forced to forgive him. Either way, he wasn’t convinced. No way he could just walk back into their lives and expect everything to be fine and dandy. He had fucked everything up way too horribly for that to happen. That was part of the reason he had locked himself in his workshop for a week. He didn’t want to confront any of them. Didn’t want to see the looks on their faces. Those looks of disgust had been painful enough the first time around. “Why, though? What changed? Last time I saw you people, you were ready to put my head on a steak.”
Rhodey's expression was full of sadness. "Tony-"
Steve narrowed his eyes. "More important things than your son?"
"I didn't want him to fall off me while I was web slinging," Peter shrugged.
The Avengers had quickly gathered around Fury when they heard Peter's voice. "Can you trace the call?" Natasha asked, the worry clear in her voice.
Everything from the whirr of Tony's various machines to the hum of the heating system, to the voices drifting through the hallways. There was always a constant sound at the facility. A constant distraction that made his ears ring. Queens was worse, with its loud traffic, constant yammering from citizens and strange new smells every few feet. Peter loved Queens with all his heart, but sometimes he just couldn't take it. All he could hear up on the cliff was the sound of the wind in the leaves. And the occasional call of a bird.
Another blast of red energy hit Spider-man upside the head. He rolled his shoulders and looked down at Tony with a renewed anger. But...he let go. Tony sprawled back onto what was left of his armor.
"I don't know how much help I would be. I still can't figure out my email. But I'll do what I can, Shellhead." Steve tapped his knuckles on Iron Man's helmet in an affectionate way.
Back on the ground, the remaining Avengers swarmed around their fallen teammate.
"You thought wrong, bitch!" Clint jumped up and threw a snowball. Peter yelped. "Bullseye!" He ducked back down when another lump of snow sailed right for him.
"I know you can be happy. And angry. Sometimes scared. Do you ever get sad?" Steve asked, twirling his pencil between his thumb and index finger.
"What happened to our team, Cap?"
"Steve is a lot of things. But a liar isn't one of them. If he says he loves you, then he means it." Clint shrugged. "Do you still love him?" Tony gave a small nod. "Maybe you two should talk."
"I'd rather not."
For those of you who might not have seen my author's note before it was taken down:
"Get some rest, we can figure this out later." Steve sat on the other side of Peter.
"Hm?"
"Clint!" Natasha gasped. "How can you..." She shook her head in disbelief. "How can you honestly think like that? Tony was like a brother to you. You said so yourself."
"You almost died, and you're worried about the Avengers finding out you're a human?" A feminine voice spoke, heels clicking their way over to Tony. Tony forced his eyes open and was relieved to see Pepper standing next to his bed.
"You know me so well," Steve chuckled, flipping open the lid on the first box.
"Don't worry. I won't. Does Stark know you took this?"
Tony's breath caught in his throat, "w-what did you do to him?"
"I've had enough of evil robots," Steve charged into the room, throwing his shield at the other bot's head. It knocked the other bot off balance and gave Iron Man the opportunity he needed to rip the reactor right out of his enemies chest. The bot's eyes flickered as it stumbled backward. It whirred like a dying engine before ultimately collapsing.
have PTSD. It was just a bad dream about Afghanistan. I'm perfectly fine."
Tony kept his head bowed, not wanting to watch another teammate leave him.
"No." Peter choked out. He felt himself sway on the metal beam. Quickly, he threw out a hand to steady himself. Iron Man hovered next to his husband, his remaining gauntlet ready to fire. Clint was readying an arrow.
Henry.
The spider was silent as ever.
"Oh hell..." Tony groaned. There was a gaping hole in the animals head. But it wasn't dead. The buck snorted and charged once more. Thor threw himself against the animal, wrapping his arms around its neck and forcing it to the ground. The buck thrashed in his hold and managed to throw the god off, nearly skewering him on the antlers in the process. Thor glanced back at the sound of water splashing. Two more bucks were running at them. These ones bigger than the first.
"Like your creator?" Steve drummed his hands lightly on Iron Man's helmet.
"Oh, Man of Iron! How are you feeling?" Thor spoke up.
"The arc reactor in his chest is the only thing keeping him alive. If the light goes out, then he'll die," Natasha explained. "It's been flickering ever since we crash landed."
"Icecream, too?"
"Mr. Stark is not connected," FRIDAY's voice spoke through the armor.
"We made a dog!" She pointed at the small robot that was hobbling its way over to them. It's stiff tail spun in a circle, while a recording of a dog barking played on loop. Peter shifted May onto his hip, freeing one of his hands so he could pick up the dog.
"Oh, please. I haven't seen you this tense since the battle of New York."
"Engaged, actually," Steve smiled brightly. "A lot happened while you were out."
"We are your family, Peter!" Steve pleaded, "the Green Goblin is messing with your head!"
"Tell him?"
"Iron Man told us he could feel pain? And was begging us to help him?" Bucky hissed. "Yes. It was. But that doesn't matter anymore. What matters is that he's gone after that psychopath while he himself is mentally unstable!"
"Try harder to not be a piece of shit," Peter rolled his eyes under his mask.
"Langauge!"
"No!" Iron Man yelled. Steve jerked his head back in shock. "Sorry, no. I need...Rhodey. Call Rhodey. C-call him right now. It's too much, you gotta call him!"
Bucky nodded, "if that's the case, then I'm going to go look too. I'll take Sam with me. See if we can investigate any of the crime scenes for ourselves."
"Will do, sir." The AI answered.
May's Iron Man suit is probs something like Riri's. But maybe with less yellow and more silver?
"Huh?" Steve looked up.
Steve ended up falling asleep next to his friend. Sunlight drifted in through the blinds the next morning, stirring Steve from his slumber. At some point he had wrapped his arms around Tony, the smaller man curled up against him. Steve couldn't help but smile at him. The other man looked so innocent in his arms, so peaceful. Steve stayed where he was for a short bit, then carefully pulled away and sat up.
"I like it when you call me 'Anthony'," Iron Man said when they were alone in the workshop.
