“Ask your brother and his fiancee.” She said before grabbing her coat and left with her husband in tow.
“No, John. I am not going to leave. I am here for you. Let me help you find yourself again. We can’t go back, but we can move on. I will be here for you, next to you, as long as you want me to. Say the word, and I will leave if you don’t want me. I want you to be happy, John. That is all I want, with or without me.”
“Drop him.” It was Mycroft, and Lestrade right behind him with a dozen of heavily armed men. “I said drop him now.”
And he was. By now, both John and Sherlock’s erections had flagged. The panicked look on Sherlock’s face when the phone rang in his hand told John all he needed to know.
And for the first time, she caught Greg and Mycroft rutting against each other on the kitchen sink. She was more than furious. It wasn’t because they were in love, no...
”You’re catching on buddy!” And once again laughter erupted between all three of them this time while John gave Greg a few friendly smacks on his back.
Mister Kaplan's character was taken from a Netflix series called Blacklist. She's this little old lady with a skill that helps people disappear. Basically Mycroft in an old woman's body working on the other side of law & order.
“What is it? Sherlock…” John walked slowly towards Sherlock and placed his hand gently on the detective’s, the same way he had his hands over Sherlock’s few days ago while he was bandaging it.
“They are working on something big. Sherlock’s given the task to plan the escape routes. He has twenty eight plans currently. Moriarty won’t tell him what the plan is, but from what he gathered, it would be a mass bombing in the city. John, he’s also asked me to tell you that he’s sorry, but he had to do this to protect you and Rayna.”
Sebastian’s voice rang in his ears. He wanted it to stop, but how could anyone hate Sherlock? He’s brilliant, smart, and to top it all off, amazingly good looking with legs that ran for miles!
“Should’ve known you’d make a demanding little bottom.” John chuckled and stuck his tongue where Sherlock wanted. This time, he pushed his tongue in and receive a loud high pitched moan from Sherlock. His jaws were starting to get sore, but his tongue seemed to be doing just fine. He probed deeper, and felt Sherlock’s hole clenching around his tongue, trying to pull his tongue in.
“Damn. They look… the same?” I was surprised to see another man who behaved, talked and even walked like Moriarty.
“Precisely. You can map out an area in your head just by walking around it, commit every nook and cranny in your
So were we. But what made things worse was that we couldn’t let it show. No one around this circle could.
John took the towel, wrapping it around his waist, then silently tugged Sherlock upstairs into their bedroom. He didn’t bother drying Sherlock’s hair, neither did the detective himself. They fell into bed together, pulling the duvet over their naked bodies. John was about to fall asleep on his back when he felt Sherlock stir, followed by an arm and a leg on top of him. He pulled himself closer to Sherlock, and fell asleep with his face buried in Sherlock’s wet curls.
“I’m not Sherlock Holmes!” He pleaded in desperation. His life had just turned around. Yes, the thrill of chasing criminals pulled him out of his depression, but not to this extent...
“Yes sir.” I answered and heard the phone click off. I turned around to hand the phone back to John and looked at him probably a second too long. “I’ll take you to him now.”
“Oh, sorry love!” Mrs Hudson sing-songed when she walked into John and Sherlock on the sofa, the doctor straddled on top of the detective. She looked around the flat and it was in a mess. “I’ve just tidied up this morning… have you two had a little domestic?”
John clenched up when he felt Sherlock’s finger touching his hole. He has never been penetrated before. The anxiety was killing him, but the thrill, the anticipation of having Sherlock fuck him slowly eased the tension. Then he felt the finger breach him. He knew it was just Sherlock’s index finger, but fuck, it felt so hot and full. The finger wriggled around a little, making circles up his arse.
John has kept Sherlock hard and wanting all night. Neither of them had any release. John kept the game up and running, touching Sherlock in places the detective never knew was arousing before.
“I mean, if I moved in, I wouldn’t be able to… control myself. And I’m still married, even though I don’t love her anymore. I can’t call her a bitch for cheating on me, then turn around and do the same. I would have to reject your offer...” Greg stopped when Mycroft started nodding and humming. “Mycroft?” He reached out and held Mycroft’s hands in his own.
Sherlock Holmes is a unique fellow. A genius, but self-destructing. Like many of my fellow agents, they too had issues with alcohol and drugs, to the point of no return… His last three blood tests were clean. That’s nine months. Good for him.
Sherlock knew John saw through his act, and decided to let go, letting his emotions take over this once.
The next morning, John woke up tangled in a blanket he did not recognise. It was softer than his own, and thicker.
And then they were at Shad Sanderson, an investment bank, meeting Sherlock’s apparent ‘old friend’ from university, Sebastian.
“I’ve always known Mycroft had people following me. Most of the time I chose to ignore them because I knew if I made it known that I knew, Mycroft would sack them. There were a few disgruntled agents that had came back for revenge, so exposing them for fun wasn’t worth the hassle later.
“If we can fool Sherlock with this one, my life would be complete.” Q commented when Moriarty’s double was revealed.
John thought to himself. And he was right to tell himself that. It was way too soon to make a move on Sherlock. Besides, that man told him he’s married to his work, for god’s sake.
“Yeah, right.” I stood up, unwilling to let Holmes junior glare further into my deepest darkest secrets, “I’m gonna get some food. I’ll be back in an hour.”
“Get out.” John bit his words. He was furious. Everything that happened after Sherlock jumped came flooding through his mind. The pain, despair, depression, self-loathe, being used, enslaved, raped, defiled.
Greenwich pips. 221C. Potential explosions, and the case Sherlock Holmes never solved as a child. This was someone who knew Sherlock, and was playing a long game. One who centered their entire criminal career building blocks surrounding Sherlock Holmes, to keep them tangled together, to entrap, and eventually devour.
Sherlock nodded and rolled off the bed, standing next to it. He pushed John towards the small en-suite upstairs, “go shower. I’ll change the sheets.”
As one more year went by, the nightmares had reduced to screams and tears. One more year, finally, John was able to have his first night of good sleep. He was asleep for sixteen hours that night, and Sherlock held John close the whole time. The following week while Sherlock was asleep, John moved Sherlock’s arms towards his own waist and fell asleep with his head pressed against the detective’s chest. When Sherlock woke up in the morning, he smiled knowing things were getting better, and John was beginning to find himself again.
Looking down at his phone, he saw the time. Sherlock was supposed to be back in another two and a half hours, and there was no text message from Sherlock. There must be something Sherlock wanted to do without having John around.
“Really?” John couldn’t believe it. Just when he thought their relationship had moved from Consulting Detective/Blogger to partners...
“John… please.” Sherlock whined after finishing half his fried noodles and two pieces of sweet and sour pork, plus all the pineapples from it.
“Feels good?” John asked while slowing down. He wanted to stretch this out as long as he could. He was getting addicted to hearing Sherlock make those sounds, especially the screams that synced perfectly with his thrusts.
“I don’t know. Just deleted it. But I’m still annoyed. Very, very annoyed. I can’t seem to delete the emotions that came with the information.”
“Detective. I know just the person. There’s this guy he complains about all the time. He consults for the yard. I’ll look him up on that blog.”
, he explained, “I’ve been wondering if I chose the right spot this whole time. Ever since I’ve decided not to expose them, the ‘Secret Agent Puzzle Room’ was filling up. Now it’s one down filed in my ‘Solved Puzzles’ room. And you need to explain to me why Mycroft hasn’t sacked him yet.”
Mycroft gave up negotiating with Sherlock. In his entire career, he never backed down from a negotiation until he has won. He always wins, except when it comes to his own blood. His baby brother.
John kept coming, and didn’t stop fucking Sherlock when he did. He kept it up even when he felt like it was about to hurt. Then he felt the tight clench of Sherlock’s muscles around his cock, and his semen seeping down the channel towards the opening. John gave it a few more hard thrusts, and that was when he saw milky streams of cum gushing out of Sherlock’s slit. John’s cock was beginning to hurt from oversensitivity, so he pulled out, and shoved three fingers back into Sherlock’s arse, fucking the brunet with his own cum, slick and sloppy.
A/N: I'm Chinese by heritage, and we do celebrate Winter Solstice in my house by eating that dessert Sherlock made. I couldn't resist my favourite ship falling in love with my culture!
Greg had made a copy of all unsolved stabbings since the early seventies and packed them into boxes. He drove towards Baker Street, wondering what John and Sherlock were going to find. He parked in front of Speedy’s and called John to help him with the boxes. Settling down in 221B’s living room, Sherlock started going through the cases, sorted them by types of wound, location, gender, age, occupation and race. A few hours went by quickly as the three of them organised the files by Sherlock’s instructions. They found themselves surrounded by half-empty mugs of cold tea and mountains of case files.
“He’s hiding somewhere John. I know it. He hasn’t left the flat all day.” Mrs Hudson said a little too loudly for just John to hear. She was obviously trying to lure Sherlock out.
“We’ve been wondering if someone’s following you and Sherlock…” John raised an eyebrow and before he could ask if Sherlock was alright, Bryn knew the question was coming and answered it, “yes Sherlock is quite alright. We have agents in the same train cabin with him. He’s probably unaware of them. Last I heard he’s doing the mind palace thing and grinning like an idiot.”
After finding Van Coon dead in his own home, murdered, Sherlock thought it’ll be best to update Sebastian immediately. Instead of calling like a normal person would, he decided to crash a dinner meeting.
Sherlock now had his whole body weight resting on his shoulders and neck as John raised his lower half folded on top. John knelt on the bed and rested Sherlock’s lower half on his chest. His face was right where he wanted to be, right in between Sherlock’s plush bottom cheeks. He used his hands hook around Sherlock’s thighs to spread it open.
“I love you too Mycroft.” Greg whispered, but Mycroft was already in his car, two blocks away from the crime scene.
“Be careful… that bomb’s still real.” Q said when he handed me the sniper rifle. Our team had took out Moriarty’s original men and replaced them with… us.
“Banana pancakes again?” Greg nodded excitedly and Mycroft gave in with a smile. “See you in the morning.” Mycroft reached out and gave Greg’s shoulder a squeeze before reluctantly letting go. “Try to cut down on those cigarettes. You’re not getting any younger.”
“If there is one person in the world that loves Sherlock, it's me!” His shout echoed through the tunnel.
Now, at that point in time, he was not the most powerful man in the world, yet. He was second-in-charge, where Anthea is today. He still had most of his hair back then, and his face was… softer, like an uncle twice removed from your mother’s cousin’s side, who meets you once in a blue moon and wants to hug the shit out of you.
He walked towards the back and held the bottle of bleach, sat at the corner hugging the large bottle.
Samuel made contact when he received news of his brother being held hostage. We had to strip him off his undercover status and back into the field with me on the next mission - three pips. We almost gave up when the call came. For the first time in a very long time, M was personally taking over operations. No one knew who the old lady was, until Anthea’s ice-cold facade shattered in front of myself and M.
The flat across the street goes 'boom!', Mycroft visits and graces upon Sherlock a pile of dirty legwork.
In the months after John was rescued, Sherlock’s name was cleared. After John’s discharge, he was housed at a safe house pending the trial of his captors. The trial was not due to start for another two weeks, but something happened to his captors while they were in prison. Apparently a gang fight broke out and they were all stabbed to death, except for Erik who had suffered stab wounds and internal injuries from being raped.
“I am quite sure these are all serial killers. They could be the same person, few different person, or a few people working together. I don’t know yet. But this is worth my time looking into.”
I honestly feel that this is a very poor attempt of mine. I have no idea how I let the story drift so far away from what I expected/wanted it to be. I have an alternate ending that I may post as Chapter 8, but in the meantime I'd like to complete the story.
Mrs. Holmes only shook her head, chuckling to herself when she finally closed the door behind her. She stared at them for a good two minutes, wondering how much longer they would hold their breath with smoke in their lungs…
“Shut up.” Sherlock snapped at me, pulling me out of my reverie. “You’re thinking too loud, and disgusting! We all know you’re dying to get it on with Aur--
And three hours later, she was, with John Watson tied to a chair with an arrow pointed right at his head.
“Come on. It’s your first Bond film. At least finish the movie before you make further judgement. You don’t have enough data to say it’s all shit anyway.” John looked up through his eyelashes and saw Sherlock blush. It could be the wine Sherlock had, but John would like to think that he was affected by how close they now were.
Sherlock stayed squatted by the sidewalk and deciphered the rest of the cipher from the wall. Q saw it through the CCTV and knew that it was too late. Sherlock was diving head first into Black Lotus’ operation.
Greg was holding onto Molly’s shoulder when Sally went over and offered her condolences to the crying sister. She held Molly’s free hand and pulled her into a hug. Deep down, a dark smile emerged as she felt the pain in her latest victim’s family.
The wedding of Gloria Kaplan and Julius Moriarty could still be the biggest news in the criminal world till this day. Two of the largest criminal organizations in the world, with each their sole heir joining forces in their marriage. And when the news of Gloria pregnant with twins started circulating, reinforcing their web was the only way they knew how to keep their family safe.
The smile on Sherlock’s face made John’s heart flutter. Sherlock nodded enthusiastically, then cuffed himself back on the table.
While I was heading towards St. Bart’s where John and Sherlock are, all we discussed about was how Moriarty found Q’s sister. We are all off-the-grid, and our families live without us, on paper that is. We are supposed to be untraceable. But it seems like we have a…
Harry didn’t want to hear any more of it. She knew how badly Sherlock had hurt her brother when he jumped, but she also knew she wasn’t any better. Between her drinking and mean words thrown towards John in the past, she too had broke their relationship in pieces. As she stormed out of John’s hospital room, Molly followed behind.
Kate broke down and cried, twice, before getting the whole story out to John. Sherlock stopped listening the moment her first sob broke out. He sat in his chair, quietly brewing a plan to obliterate Anderson and Sally once and for all. With Kate now involved, he could easily pass it as the wife’s revenge.
Sherlock knew he had to stay calm. He scanned around the pool to find who else is there. Andrew West, the plans, how insistent Mycroft was… he knew it was not a coincidence.
He tried to open it, but it was locked. Initially, he thought Sherlock was just being playful, but now he’s having second thoughts.
As we walked down the street towards the restaurant, she was expertly swerving through the crowd with her face stuck to her Blackberry. How on earth that woman does it, no one really knows, but that is also why she is next in line to M’s position.
.” Sherlock motioned his hand towards his erection. “Tell me when you’re uncomfortable, and I’ll stop. I won’t love you any less no matter what.”
“Bryn, you’re home.” My mum gasped when she saw me. “Come on, sit down. This nice man wants to offer you a job!” She almost squealed.
The sound of a trigger being pulled made John flinch and his life flashed before his eyes. Sherlock's face was the only one he saw when the gun clicked. It was empty. A sigh of relief escaped John.
“Aaron. Please drive Doctor Watson to my office. And come along. We have something to discuss.” It was Mister Holmes.
In the meantime, Sherlock was in Minsk, visiting a man who claimed to be innocent of killing his girlfriend. Sherlock knew this man was trying to plead insanity, and knew that this was one of Mycroft’s doing. He only went because Mycroft wouldn’t have done it for no reason. He had done it to have Mycroft owe him a favour.
“I always like the naughty ones. Not fighting back, but in denial. Let me bring you back to reality, hmm?” She sing-songed as she drew a deeper cut across his left nipple. He screamed and wailed as the pain rolled through his nerves, caused him to shudder jerk involuntarily on the floor.
John thought to himself and reached his hand up for Sherlock’s head. He wanted to pull the detective down for a kiss, but Sherlock couldn’t bend that far down. In that moment, John sat up and straddled Sherlock with the pillow still in between their groins. He held Sherlock’s face in his hands, waiting for the man to push him away, but he didn’t.
Four pips was Samuel’s brother, strapped in explosives and traced by a sniper, just as Q’s sister was, in the middle of a busy crossing. As Samuel was still missing in action, someone in Q’s team recognized him and alerted us. Honestly, we were not surprised then. We knew he was coming in on us.
“We have a mole.” M said. So far, it was only Anthea and I in the discussion. I wasn’t aware that he was listening in the entire time.
While nibbling on a Welsh cake, I went through the file thoroughly again, occasionally sweeping caster sugar and crumbs off the paper. These things I have discovered about Sherlock could be detrimental to Mister Holmes’ safety.
I have chosen to disclose this now because of what would happen soon. I can’t tell you in detail, but I need you to trust me.” Mycroft took a deep breath, still keeping his eyes on his feet and whispered, “please.”
Mycroft had to ask Greg to sit in front with the driver while he worked behind with the privacy screen up. It also ensured that he was working in a soundproof environment.
Leaving the bank left John a little befuddled. The way Sebastian teased Sherlock about his deductions irked John a little.
“So, rules.” Mycroft changing the subject when he noticed Greg catching onto his stalking activities.
“Why?” Mycroft was staring at the slice of banoffee pie in front of him. Greg had seen this face Mycroft was pulling, once, when Sherlock told him out of anger that he wished they were never brothers.
Her eyes were bright, reflecting the morning sun. Her head shook gently, lips pursed into a tight straight line.
There were fifteen victims in total. There was no distinct pattern in gender, race or age. Sherlock found the only thing that was common between the murders and put them together.
“It has been eight months. What was he thinking? Do we know if he is being held against his will?” John asked.
“He or she obviously wanted it to fail. God knows how many people the force has locked up were framed by this psychopath.” John added.
While he was setting down the first aid kit, Sherlock sat on the stool and had his hands on the table, palm down, covering the scratch on the table left behind by the assassin that came by earlier.
A week ago, Brian (one of Mycroft’s detail placed on Baker Street) spotted Sherlock at the corner of the street. Nowhere near 221B, but it was obvious he was trying to avoid surveillance. When Sherlock noticed that it was impossible to sneak back home without being spotted, he gave up and left. Mycroft tried to follow his trail but Sherlock switched cars more than once.
“They do have some issues to straighten out. I think in this case, Sally would be a good person for Kate to open up to. In the end they both did get cheated on by the same guy. Just never thought Anderson was such a dog!”
“Watson.” He answered. After a few non-committal hums and a groan, he motioned for me to stop. I parked by the side of the road and he handed me the phone.
.” Q was clenching his jaw and fists while watching surveillance live on a lady who appeared to be reading from a pager, sitting in the driver’s seat of her car, in the middle of a busy parking lot. I withdrew my hand and took a step back. I’ve never seen Q
John was kept in the hospital after his stomach was pumped. Sherlock stayed by his side, only leaving to use the bathroom. John was in and out of consciousness for three days. He was physically fine, but his mental state was a mess. When John finally woke up on the fourth day, Sherlock made a conscious effort to shower him with loving whispers, told John how much he needed him and it will all pass.
Greg came back with another dress shirt, but it was a semi-spread collar instead of the usual Oxford button-downs that Mycroft owns. Lifting an eyebrow, Mycroft asked Greg assuming that was Greg’s shirt, “would that fit me?”
“You are doing great Doctor Watson. We just need to sort out the paperwork and you are free to go home! I heard someone is coming to take you into protective custody for the trial, yes?”
“Right. Do you still need the chlorine by the way?” John tried to ease the tension in the room by changing the subject.
“Shit!” John knew for a fact that they never leave the window open. It can only mean one thing - Sherlock climbed out! He ran towards the door, jumping down the steps.
How did Mister Holmes suppose I follow his brother around? As I studied the last of his ‘free running’ patterns, I noticed he often disappears in back alleys near the fire escapes. Rooftops. Scaling from roof to roof as if he was Batman? That makes Mister Holmes… Alfred! And I’m the Batmobile.
Mister Kaplan walked out of the door behind Moriarty, and obviously ambushed him from the look of pure terror on his face. One prick of the needle and we had Moriarty slumping down like a strand of cooked spaghetti.
As Sherlock stayed in his mind, analyzing over the evidence in the crime scene and a few overheard conversations earlier (when he sneaked around DS
Out of self-amusement, Sherlock tried to stifle a chuckle that ended up in a snort. “Of course the bills will pay themselves. That’s what Mycroft’s minions do…”
“Six rounds. More than what you get with Anderson in a month.” John said softly, just loud enough for Sally to hear when he passed her behind Sherlock.
47, 48, 49… and the lock clicked. John let out a breath in relief. He wasn’t going to break the door down anyway. It would’ve hurt his shoulder bad for the next couple of days.
“Two blocks south. Clear line towards her. Team Delta move out now.” She ordered. Swivelling around the chair, she stared at Q, to the food, and back at Q. “Eat! Can’t have you pass out from hunger saving Juliet, hmm?” She barked it out like an order. It might have been the worse time, but I have never been so turned on by someone barking orders. Q complied, and pulled out chip after chip, then the burger, shoving as much as he could into his mouth.
It was to be expected that a date with Sherlock Holmes isn’t like any other dates. Of course he’s found something, and the circus held the key to all the answers.
“Nope.” Sherlock retorted, popping his ‘p’. “It’ll be you next year. But for now, please. I can’t wait any longer for you to
“He was. But he was well hidden. I didn’t notice he was there until I was leaving, caught a moving shadow in the corner of my eye. There were only three possible places he could hide in the split of a second, and I chose the closest one to the doors to stare at. If I was right, he would think he was found out.”
At last Sherlock moved towards the man he fell in love with in that short period that they’ve known each other. When Sherlock got close enough to John, the doctor took his hands out of his pockets and pulled open his jacket to reveal the bomb strapped to his chest.
“Depends if I make it back home before my shift starts again. Your brother and John left me with a mountain of paperwork…” Greg paused, thinking about the promise he made Mycroft make, how he had moved in with Mycroft while still married on paper to the unfaithful woman he wanted to divorce. “Speaking of paperwork, Carol’s still not signing those papers, because she’s away on a ‘business trip’. Probably with the bus driver.” Both Greg and Mycroft heard the inverted commas and chuckled quietly together.
Samuel was the partner that pushed me to my limits. He was my sparring partner, my buddy, my team mate, my friend. The only one who brushed past death with me. The one who was with me while I climbed back from hell. We never knew much about each other, but from what I know, he had nothing much to lose. His brother was all he had, albeit estranged.
do, because Mycroft loves it when Greg does this, especially when he’s naked, only with a towel hung low around his hip. He loves it when Greg is at ease around him, doing what he deemed right at that moment. It was a habit Mycroft couldn’t indulge himself in, and probably never will. Control was what made him, and he cannot afford to let anything slip.
Sherlock!” That was it. Sherlock had found the perfect angle. He shifted his knees a little to the left and pounded furiously. Every thrust was hard and fast, prodding at John’s prostate. He moved one hand away from John’s hip and down, wrapping his hand around John’s leaking cock. The bed sheets were definitely stained, and the hot length in his hand was throbbing with John’s every heartbeat.
But the brunet was most definitely savouring this. His breathing was becoming irregular, cock hard and leaking, twitching up from his stomach when John touched his prostate. He was gone the moment John had three fingers in him. The fourth finger was just a novelty.
After his first attempt at suicide, Mycroft had pushed through papers for Mrs Hudson and Sherlock to live with John at the safe house. It wasn’t until one night when John’s nightmare almost killed him that he finally registered Sherlock’s existence.
And around the world, operatives were receiving messages that they had lost their bets. Only one Bryn Driscoll got the good news, and his celebratory howls could be heard by his neighbours.
When Sherlock found his phone in his Belstaff, he had just missed the call. Two missed calls from Lestrade and one from Mycroft’s emergency phone.
The pillow helped him tilt his hips a little higher, and he heard the lubricant bottle pump twice. Then he felt a slick fingertip prodding at his hole, eventually it did. It was definitely one finger and most likely only the tip, but it was warm and gentle, nothing like what he used to do to himself - clinical.
“Wow. I didn’t think of it like that. But yeah, my idea was not to cross the physical line. Would you be alright with that? If you’re not, I completely understand and I’ll find myself a new place near--”
“Mycroft. What are you doing here? I thought you were away.” Greg asked, a little out of breath as he ran over towards the black sedan still parked right outside his crime scene.
A trickle of cool air hit the most intimate part of Sherlock and he reacted by clenching. When he heard John took a deep breath, he relaxed and clenched again.
Posting this a day earlier because I'm headed into the deep jungle early in the morning. Wish me luck! xx
“Lestrade. I’ve been summoned. Coming?” Sherlock walked towards the door and asked John without looking.
“Yes, and I’d like to apologize once again for my younger son’s behavior. The next time, he’s all yours to deal with. Don’t even bother with a courtesy call.”
“What happened next?” John pushed. With how Sherlock stopped at that part of the recounting, he knew Sherlock had heard.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but moved to remove his jacket and shoes, then going under the blanket and cuddled up to John.
“What?” Greg asked, thinking that Mycroft said that sarcastically, trying to hint that he was invading Mycroft’s space. “Am I bothering you by being around? I’m sorry. The moment I find a flat close enough to the Yard that I can afford I’ll get out of your hair.”
John opened his mouth, he tried to say it but it was not the time nor place. He didn’t want the first time to be like this. The last time they had this conversation was right after John was kidnapped, when they first got together. Whilst he did say those words, but it was in a different context. He wanted to whisper those words into Sherlock’s ear in bed, perhaps one morning after breakfast in bed, or late at night after a fantastic post-case sex, or even in front of the fireplace in each other’s arms.
“Sherlock’s business seems to be booming since you and he became…” Mycroft looked between John and Sherlock, seemingly looking for an answer, “partners. What’s he like to live with? Hellish, I imagine.”
Mycroft knew he was referring to John’s handgun and nodded. “I guess we are both burning the midnight oil tonight. I have a few things to wrap up from my meetings. What would you like for breakfast in the morning?”
That last five seconds was not enough for me get far enough. I felt that explosion shake the ground underneath, and it shattered straight through my heart.
“Shh. Come with me.” Sherlock pulled John to the corner where the bookshelf meets the walls, except it doesn’t meet the wall. There was a small gap in between, enough for both of them to fit.
“Good morning.” Sherlock said while moving himself closer to John and wrapped himself around the doctor.
law and order. When Gloria’s father passed away, she took over the Kaplan’s empire and kept her father’s name, operating under the same alias as her old man - Mister Kaplan.
After the chilling briefing, Mister Holmes had quietly sneaked away while Anthea and I sat across the coffee table from Sam, John and Sherlock. I could tell that Holmes junior has his neurons firing away, no doubt laying bricks around his plans to capture Moriarty. It was difficult, having to sit so close to Anthea, unable to tell her that I’m worried about this entire situation, that I care for her so much to the point of…
“I was right! I’m always right!” Sherlock exclaimed. When he noticed John staring up from his favourite
John turned around when Sherlock stripped off his robe, not wanting to ruin his appetite for later. When he heard the zipper being pulled up, he turned around and marched straight to the brunet. With one hand, he turned Sherlock around and held both Sherlock’s wrists behind his back, then marched him towards the bed. John gave Sherlock’s shoulders a kiss on each side, then shoved the taller man onto the bed, releasing his hands.
Apparently Q did, understandably, because he has a passion for the craft itself. And it seemed like Holmes junior did too. How would he (they, if you include M) decide what would eventually be useful? Someone like myself and Anthea would deem information about the make and mark of a pen useless...
Sherlock did not miss Jim’s voice at all. He cringed at the thought of spending an afternoon with the criminal consultant.
“Even if it will give him a better chance at survival?” Harry heard a voice she had missed dearly from the door.
“It’s too dangerous Sherlock. There must be more of them around.” John scolded while pushing Sherlock into the cab he just flagged down.
“It’s none of your business, please, just leave.” She pleaded when she saw Bryn. “They will kill you too.”
The same evening Kate left Baker Street, Sally broke into Layla’s flat and planted a similar set of lingerie in her wardrobe. It was well within the price range of what she would normally wear. And with a few forensic tricks she learnt from Philip, Sally was well on her way to setting the perfect trap.
It used to be just people on the street following me, a random international student in my class, or someone too decent to be looking for a flatshare. This one though, he was good. Before I met you, I didn’t notice him at all, until I accidentally threw cookie wrappers at him instead of cash one time when I was high. When the high came down I remembered, and since then I haven’t paid actual money for any of my cab rides.”
“Oh Sherlock.” John moaned, his hands holding Sherlock’s hips, pulling the detective flush against himself. “Are we going to do this every year now? Could be a Christmas tradition between us.”
Sherlock squirmed a little hearing that possessive growl. He wanted, needed John. He had been hanging on the edge for the entire day and night. So he wiggled his hips which are still trapped in John’s arms.
It was a statement masked as a question. Of course I knew she could, but would she want to talk to me?
It was a few minutes of catching their breath while Sherlock kept fingering John’s hole. When John was wary of his situation - the drool drying on his face, at the corner of his mouth, his semen sticking his stomach to the bed sheet, Sherlock’s cum leaking out and drying around his balls.
The doctor and nurse calmly checked John and determined that he was still in a coma. “Perhaps someone he wants to see--”
Every time I recall that conversation, I would scoff. How spot on my dad was! I mean, Woomera did almost kill me. In fact, every single day since I became Aaron, I had one foot in hell’s gate at all times.
And John heard Sherlock’s thoughts through his eyes. “I’m always yours to have. I love you too Sherlock, very much.” John petted Sherlock’s hair for another minute, and started to pull away, “as much as I love cuddling with you, I’d rather not do it with semen all over me.”
“Hey! What’ve you done to my bloody wall?!” Mrs Hudson scolded when she spotted the wall with a yellow painted smiley face, a few bullet holes and plaster falling off. “I’m putting this on your rent young man!”
“Right... I need a bit of time. Can we talk about it tomorrow? Dinner, perhaps?” Greg asked, hopeful that Mycroft would say yes.
The nurses dragged Sherlock out of the room as the doctor ran some checks on John. Sherlock violently pressed his phone sending a flurry of texts to Mycroft, Molly and Lestrade.
“Sherlock isn’t so sure. He said something is amiss but he couldn’t put his finger on it. But he’s always a little oversensitive. And safe for us to presume you’ve got your case sorted here?”
Molly’s voice echoed in Sherlock’s mind as he sat next to Molly at the back of Mycroft’s car on the way to the hospital.
“Keep walking. Don’t turn around.” I told her as I slowed down, quite certain there was someone right behind me.
Waking up to a face full of hair wasn’t something John liked, at all. But this was Sherlock’s hair. Hair that smelled like home, comfort and the expensive hair product that he used all the time.
Mycroft knew there was no point arguing with the DI about how dangerous this could be, from experience. Gregory would always end the argument with ‘because I want to and I’m a grown ass man capable of defending himself’.
?” Greg teased, then walked over to slowly undress Mycroft, pulling the jumper off him, then unbuttoning the shirt, pulling it off Mycroft’s shoulder. His fingers lingered when it grazed over Mycroft’s chest. A sharp breath was drawn between them, but neither man knew who it was. The DI shook his head, the went to the chest drawer behind him and looked for another shirt.
Sherlock let his lips gently brush on John’s. He wanted more, but with the nature of John’s abuse, he will need to take it very slow and let John set the pace. John pressed his lips harder against Sherlock’s. Slowly, lips were apart and they were kissing deeply, full of want, affection and desire, but not lust. John pulled away first, but his arms were still around Sherlock’s waist and he noticed Sherlock’s erection.
“Me? What? Oh, yeah, fine. Gas leak, apparently.” He tilted his head up when John came back close to him, and they gave each other a chaste peck on the lips. “I’m fine, really.”
He slowed down when he heard John panting and moaning, his spent cock seemed to be interested once again. Sherlock nuzzled John’s balls with his nose, and gave it a tentative lick. John held the bedsheet in his hands tighter. And Sherlock did that again, this time with a little more pressure, randomly taking one into his mouth and swirled his tongue around it.
“I think he knew we were involved, somehow. How the hell does he know that was the last pip?” Q continued to rant.
“Fine.” Sally calmed herself down with a deep breath. This is far from over, but she knew she had to keep her composure. “If this is what would make you happy, fine. I’ll let it go.” She opened the door and motioned for Anderson to leave.
But what he loved more was the feeling of Sherlock’s skin against his. They were sweating through the night, and parts of their bodies felt like it was stuck together with glue. Instead of feeling disgusted, he cherished it. The best part was feeling Sherlock’s knee grinding against his morning erection. That itself made John realise Sherlock had been awake for some time.
Those people who were strapped in bombs were not random strangers, apparently. Bryn experienced his first loss after coming back.
Have they upgraded from flatmates to friends already? “Quite sure he did. Would’ve shouted at ya’ll if ya didn’t.”
“More than enough space.” He said to himself, and rearranged John’s jumpers around, then slowly stuffed himself into the cupboard. Surrounded by John’s jumpers, he felt at ease and snuggled deeper, until something hard nudged against his coccyx.
The third time was only two weeks after the second, and she wasn’t even hiding it anymore. But to his own surprise, he was no longer angry or frustrated at her. Greg realised he was more frustrated that Mycroft had cancelled their weekly coffee meeting. Not seeing Mycroft made him felt worse than his wife cheating on him. He was undoubtedly falling head first for Mycroft Holmes.
They were all stabbed in their homes with an obvious suspect but later proven to be not. Framed. Layla’s murder was the fifth.
“Oh, you’re in for a very,” John took one step closer, “very,” he leaned down, just centimeters away from Sherlock’s face, “very hard
John leaned down chest to chest with Sherlock, raising the brunet’s legs to the side wide open, and lined up his cock with one hand towards Sherlock’s hole. He rubbed the head of his cock at the entrance while staring at the debauched lover under him.
Gently, he pulled Greg to sit on the sofa and went back to pull a file from his safe. Dropping it on the coffee table in front of Greg, he motioned for the DI to go ahead and read it.
Sherlock recounted everything that happened from when he realised which book was used to translate the code, up to the point where he found John. He paused at the point when John said that he loved Sherlock.
“If you’re worried about… cheating, what if we set boundaries, right now? When we come to an agreement, I can get Anthea to move your things over from the safe house.”
“Sorry. I had to seal the deal quickly before anything else happens.” Mycroft pushed himself away slightly to look into Greg’s eyes. He knew it was time to tell Gregory what really happened. He trusted the man in front of him. He had never been more certain in his entire life.
We lost J in that mission. Till today we don’t know if he was dead or alive. We hope he was dead. Being alive in the hands of Black Lotus would be painful, even to think of.
“Good man.” John praised while running his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, then tugging it hard to pull Sherlock up, his chest flush against Sherlock’s back. When Sherlock leaned his weight back against John, the Captain wrapped his hands towards the front of Sherlock’s chest, palms brushing over Sherlock’s peaked nipples.
“Well, I had offered to get it through for you, but I know how important it is to you that you get things done right. I won’t push it. And you will not be like her. I promised.”
John let his tears fall. He cried and cried while holding Sherlock’s hand tight. He was in no condition to have a conversation. He was in pain, physically and mentally. His heart hurts, his stomach churned with memories of living as a slave. His eyes stung from the overwhelming flood of tears.
While we waited for our takeaway, we sat at a table by the door. She was still very much occupied with whatever she’s doing on her Blackberry, so I’ve left her to it. Twenty agonizing minutes later, we had Indian takeaway in our hands, moving onto the next destination for our cheeseburgers.
I nodded, grinning like a fool. I couldn’t help it, knowing that she’s comfortable around me. Trust was not easy to come by in our field of work, even if we had gone through life and death together. We have all heard of stories about spies who die in the enemy’s camp without being caught out.
In the past that was never the case with anyone else. I have extended that level of protection for Sherlock under my own supervision. He would not believe it, but there are others above me in the hierarchy. But I have made myself indispensable for them, to protect myself and the people I love.
M had always carried an umbrella with him. It used to be a regular umbrella until after that mission. He was under house arrest by A for six long months. He wasn’t allowed to go into the office. All his physiotherapies were done in his home, and A managed to shuffle everything around him, allowing him to recover.
Nothing else was said between them that night, and surprisingly, Sherlock didn’t appear to gloat at them that night, nor the next morning.
“You are physically attracted to me.” Sherlock said in a blurt when he made that connection in his head, slamming doors of his mind palace and haphazardly locking up. He had to get back and make sure John was.
“We will drop whatever we are doing and come to you if you need us. You are a good friend Molly.” John said as he hugged her and gave her a peck on the cheek.
I don't know how or why, but tonight I decided to come back and see what I've missed, and I saw one comment that made me realize there are people across the world who anonymously support me. JunkenMetel, thank you.
Sherlock walked up to John and kissed him before he could finish his sentence and was rewarded with meekness. John smiled into the kiss before he tilted his head and parted his lips slightly, giving Sherlock permission to explore deeper. But he didn’t.
“Not a chance.” Sherlock said in his normal tone. “The owner here was with the Chinese intelligence agency. He’s more paranoid than Mycroft is. Sweeps the place every morning before opening.”
And Sherlock relaxed, slumped back down against John. The Captain removed himself from behind and laid Sherlock down on his back, with a pillow underneath his head, the moved to straddle Sherlock.
“Did you not hear that song? Fits perfectly with the crime scene…” The consulting detective trailed off, focused on the splatters of blood on the Christmas tree, decorations still in a box underneath it.
“I will help you Kate,” Sally reached out her hand and placed it above Kate’s, “tell me everything you remember and we will try our best.”
Sherlock was enjoying the view of John’s behind until it was out of sight. He turned and laid on his back, listening to John’s one-sided conversation asking them to reschedule his interview for an hour later. Which meant that he would need to leave in fifteen minutes, thirty if Aaron would take him in the cab.
“It was. I’ve never felt that need, that urge to please before.” Sherlock felt vulnerable, unsure of what exactly he was feeling.
“I deeply apologise, Mother. There was no excuse. You were right, I should have known better.” He said while giving Greg a nudge to say something.
She squealed so loud that everyone around the cafe turned to stare at her. Mr. Holmes was equally delighted although his reaction was more subtle.
“Oh, I’m sure something will turn up, Sherlock. A nice murder. That’ll cheer you up!” She chuckled and headed towards the door.
Gulping down the last of my cowl, I took at last look at Sherlock’s picture before I flung the whole file into blazing fire.
We weaved through the trees, joggers, babies in prams, and finally I felt her relax. From what I remember, there is a shortcut through where we were back to the building. I decided to take the lead and pull her along. We were no longer being tailed, but I held her hand in a tighter grip… just in case. I must have imagined her blushing, because Aurelia never blushes.
John’s second attempt at suicide was after Erik’s verdict. He was sentenced to life in prison. But during the trial, the defense tried to argue that John was a willing party and based on some video footages, he had enjoyed being used. Sherlock almost killed the lawyer with his bare hands when they walked past him outside the courthouse. John never expected them to have any recordings. It was one thing to be humiliated within the four walls, but to have the risk of it being exposed to the whole world?
Both of them hid their lit cigarette behind their backs when they turned around to face their mother. “Nope.” Mycroft said quickly, trying to keep the smoke in his lungs. But Sherlock on the other hand, being the little menace that he is, threw Mycroft straight under the bus and pointed his finger at Mycroft saying “Mycroft’s smoking.”
The bell to the oven rang, and it was time for dessert - bread pudding. Mycroft and Sherlock were nowhere to be found. Mrs. Holmes opened the front door and she could smell it. They were bloody smoking!
“But he’s just there! We need to go back there John! I need answers!” He struggled at the back of the cab, but John was quicker, and held him in a shoulder lock. “Ow ow ow ow! John you’re hurting me!”
John was shopping, taking his own sweet time with selecting jams, milk, eggs… and while he was deciding which chocolate biscuit to purchase, he heard the telly from the checkout counter.
“Apparently it seems that Anderson’s home isn’t, given that he has been sleeping at your flat for the last two nights.” Sherlock appeared behind Sally and outed her affair with Anderson before John could stop him.
“No. I played the violin all night. Mrs Hudson is going to kill me when she wakes up in the afternoon.”
Pulling the knife out and planting it on Kate’s hand, she gave herself a big round of applause internally.
Anthea got into the car without saying another word. Her face still stuck to the phone, firing more instructions to Aaron while managing another operation in China.
Sherlock was truly enjoying the closeness of John, the warmth radiating from the doctor made his mind blank. When John suddenly pulled away, Sherlock groaned in protest, but not for long. John bent low and lifted Sherlock from the ground, carrying him bridal-style into the bedroom, dropping Sherlock in the middle of a perfectly made bed.
“The first thing you told me not to do was pulling Jeremiah’s hair when we were eight months old. I have an eidetic memory, Mother, or have you forgotten that as well?”
Mycroft was in an emergency meeting with the CIA when he heard the emergency tone on his mobile go off.
The duo managed to proof to DI Dimmock later that night that the murders were linked, and Soo Lin’s intel was genuine. Sherlock figured the books in Lukis and Van Coon’s apartment would lead them to the cipher’s code. As they spent the entire night cataloging, Bryn and Q can only hope they don’t figure out which book.
“If it’s another one of your interesting characters that got injured during sexual intercourse, no.”
“Ugh, such drama queens. No wonder Moriarty was so into Sherlock.” Q was running a live commentary on their entire conversation.
The voice said when John was out by the pool, facing Sherlock. He saw his lover’s face fall, from shock, to despair, to anger, and confusion, all within a few seconds.
It started with poultry animals her parents had in their family farm. Sally would volunteer since the age of eight to slaughter the Donovan’s annual Christmas turkey and occasionally a chicken for special occasions. Her parents raised Sally in the countryside, childhood filled with hunting trips, tending to the chickens, turkeys, building coops and horseback riding.
John vaguely remembered the faint taste of chlorine in his mouth and being carried out of the closet around Sherlock.
Unsurprisingly, Sherlock had the same answer. “We already do. And people do little else.” From my rifle scope, I saw Sherlock kneeling in front of John and gave his doctor a really passionate kiss. If it wasn’t for the intense situation, I would have made a remark.
“I was there when it all blew up. I saw Anthea carrying someone out injured and I thought… I thought you were there.” Greg mumbled in between sobs. “Then I couldn’t get ahold of any one of you. John in an induced coma, Sherlock non-responsive…”
“Just make sure it isn’t spaghetti in it. Holmes junior will give you an hour worth of lecture about it.”
In town, Mrs. Holmes was nursing a cup of tea trying to simmer down when her mobile buzzed in her purse.
I’m surprised he had to reiterate those rules. Those were the second, third and fourth commandment in the operative’s bible. The first commandment is ‘staying alive’. Contrary to popular belief, MI6 doesn’t drop operatives like flies. We are more useful in their control than to be on the other side (enemy, or dead).
My dad stood up from beside my mum and gave me a quick pat on the shoulder. “Just make sure you’ll be safe. Don’t want them taking you to places that’ll kill you.”
“Oh no, you are not running away from this!” John grabbed Sherlock’s elbow and pulled him back down onto the sofa. “Stay still.” John instructed and went to put on Goldfinger.
John had intentionally sat next to Sherlock, one hand scooping up fried rice with his spoon from the takeaway carton, the other casually fondling Sherlock’s trousers covered cock.
“I know love. I know. Believe me, I share the same sentiment.” Greg said as he pulled Mycroft close to lean on his shoulder, gently petting the back of Mycroft’s head, enjoying the fleeting moment.
“Good. Now Jeremy will take you to your father. I can’t deal with you now otherwise we’ll be having a funeral. I’ll take care of things here.”
Or was it that this was their plan all along? I scared myself shitless with that thought. Are we all chess pieces for the three of them? We knew at some point we would be in a disposable position, but that was never the first choice, was it?
We knew Moriarty was going to be at the pool. He never planned a scene without rehearsals. If Sherlock were to be there at midnight, we needed to act fast, catch Moriarty and get him to Mister Kaplan before John or Sherlock arrives. Anthea and I stalked the pool area an hour before Sherlock was due to arrive at midnight, while the rest of the team tracked down John. Just as we heard that John is properly tracked, Moriarty opened the door where we were, standing right before our eyes.
Nine hours later, we were done setting up plan B. During that time, Q’s sister was disarmed by our bomb disposal team. She was placed under protective custody and brought to Q-Branch immediately to be reunited with Q. From what I heard later, Q smashed a ton of equipment while watching the bomb disposal unit work and swore that they would all need to attend another hundred hours of training after that day.
With a loud huff, Mrs H slowly walked back downstairs mumbling about how she puts up with Sherlock all the time and threatened to not give them muffins this week.
The day went by quickly and it was close to nine in the evening when I was done with that file. It wasn’t the thickest file I’ve ever had to study, but the idea of failing Mister Holmes made me study it with some extra motivation. Motivation to stay alive.
Sherlock nodded. They were both breathing harder, and Sherlock slowly wrapped his arms around John’s torso, pulling the doctor closer to his chest. John kissed Sherlock harder this time, moving his lips a little, slotting his bottom lip in between Sherlock’s. A soft moan escaped the detective’s throat and John couldn’t help but chuckle.
I'm on a sprint to finish! Hopefully I'll be able to write the last three in the next 12 hours. It's 12pm as I post this chapter, and the last three are still empty...
“Hold on, Sherlock.” John interrupted Sherlock and opened a few files randomly from all three piles. “Oh god, we are looking for one killer. I’m sure of it.”
“God, Sherlock. Please.” John moaned hoarsely, one hand releasing the bedsheet in favour of Sherlock’s hair.
Mycroft panicked for a moment. Multiple scenarios ran through his head. What could have warrant Gregory using his name, and swearing in the middle of it? But all that left his mind when Gregory pulled him out of his chair and hugged him tight.
They were charged with rape and voluntary manslaughter. The murder weapon was never found, hidden safely in Sally’s boots. With Sally’s false testimony, they had enough evidence to charge all three men with both charges. The defendants had
“Bit not good, Sherlock!” John said and walked towards the door, helping Mrs Hudson carry their shopping bags towards the kitchen. She flashed the receipt at Sherlock, putting down a few items wherever she found space for it. As she placed down the last item, she noticed the eggs were forgotten, and Sherlock needed it to feed whatever that was in his petri dishes. He was about to go into a stroppy mood.
“How… you both can do that… deduction thing? Oh, never mind.” John gave up trying to ask how they knew when he noticed splashes of milk on the edge of his trousers and stains on his shoes.
“I do love you, John. From the day I met you in Bart’s lab. Till today. And I promise to love you until the end.”
In the other room, Greg was stunned. When he finally could close his jaw, he was hoping that John would snap out of it and be the responsible one like always. Unfortunately for Greg, John caved into Sherlock’s advances. He let Sherlock push him down on the chair, then the detective straddles John, grinding his hips in sharp movements, making John moan… really loudly.
“John Hamish Watson, would you give me the honour of loving you, cherishing you and protecting you for the rest of our lives, as long as we both shall live?”
“It’s a contract. Confidential agreement. Anything you hear about my work from now on has to never leave your mind, not even at the tip of your tongue.” He sat down next to the DI and handed him a pen. “Take your time to read it, but I am about to tell you what I really do for a living.”
“Dimmock’s on his way. I’m not supposed to be here!” Lestrade yelled from the entrance of the tunnel, motioning for Mycroft to leave.
“Hang on,” Greg turned off the stove with one hand, abandoning his dinner and grabbed his own jacket on the kitchen counter, “I’m coming with you.”
As I sped down the streets of London, I knew I should stop thinking that way. We have pledged our lives to the service. We’ve lost our rights to our own lives the second we were recruited.
“I thought something had happened to you. Never, ever do that to me again, you understand? I can’t lose you Mycroft. Promise me.” Greg was crying, releasing tears from hours of emotions built up thinking that Mycroft had gotten injured, or worse, dead.
Instead of helping her, Sally saw a prey. A weak, helpless prey, and her mind was immediately filled with bloodlust. Hovering over the girl, Sally stabbed her once in the heart and grinned as she went weak, took her last breath and fell limp. Sally pulled herself away from the body and stood over it triumphantly. Her eyes were glowing, reflecting light from the street. Taking a deep breath, she cleaned her knife with the girl’s dress and folded it back into her boots before calling emergency services.
It was a long and exhausting road, but Sherlock made a vow to himself to keep John safe, and will never leave him for better or for worse.
But seeing Sherlock standing in the middle of it all made John’s heart leap. His best friend whom he’s in love with, next to a Christmas tree, sunlight beaming in streaks with a little snow out the window… seemed like an angel in disguise.
“No. Shut up! What did I say… did YOU promise me in Dartmoor? Hmm? Did you forget all that already?” John shouted. He was angry, furiously pacing back and forth across the table from Sherlock.
“Try to keep up John. The bad one in the classroom with me, and the one that works for Mycroft spying outside the room I was in. Our cabbie, apparently. The one you’ve become friends with, Aaron. Not his real name by the way.”
I remember checking into Q-branch for an evaluation when he asked me to test the latest version of it. The fabric is bullet proof. The handle held a sword, a gun and a small pin needle with two grams of botulinum toxin. Botulinum is the world’s most toxic substance known. 0.000001 grams would be fatal to a 70kg person. Imagine how many he could kill with two grams.
” Sherlock sobbed and let his tears fall freely, soaking his cheeks and John’s hand pressed against his face. He rested his lips on the back of John’s hand, whispering his apology over and over again, calling his name, hoping John would hear him and come out of his coma.
Layla was home from a late shift. She hadn’t noticed Sally hiding in the dark corner of her bedroom. While she was filling up her bath, she heard a knock on the door.
“No, Sherlock! WE will get it fixed. Now go and call someone about it.” When Sherlock scowled, John gave him a shove and glared until Sherlock picked up his phone, calling a contractor.
“Someone came by.” Sherlock started, sitting back down on the stool. “They want to know why I’m not helping them. I told them I wasn’t interested in a missing diamond, and they got… aggressive.”
Sally’s eyes followed the stretcher rolling into the ambulance with a body bag. She was sitting next to a police officer who offered her a cup of hot chocolate and EMT gave her a blanket to cover her blood soaked clothes. Sipping the cup of hot chocolate, she noticed a burly looking man glancing at her while he was talking to the medical examiner. As he came closer to her, she stared down at the floor, rehearsing her story over and over in her head.
“Ah, she must have realised that I took everything out of our joint accounts to cover for my DVDs.” Greg said, not even the slightest bit annoyed that Mycroft kept the voicemail and what happened from him.
Sherlock and John had settled back into 221B, and they had moved into Sherlock’s room. After years of counselling and spoiled outrageously by his doting partner, John no longer has suicidal thoughts. The voices in his own head had disappeared and he was getting more comfortable with Sherlock’s touches.
“Oh you lovely man. You look spectacular in that sweater. No one is going to notice it.” John hugged Sherlock, feeling the soft wool on his face.
“Is everything alright? Good evening Miss Hooper,” Mycroft nodded towards Molly, “Sorry we were occupied with a case in the other room and missed your arrival.”
She never realised what it was until she was sixteen. One evening as she was leaving a college party in town, she heard a girl scream from a dark alley across the street she was walking on. Pulling out her pocket knife to protect herself, she found the girl curled up in a corner, sobbing as she asked for help. A quick glance to the other side of the alley, she noticed shadows of someone running out into the street.
When John returned from Tesco, he found Sherlock reading something on his laptop. While he was struggling to ask Sherlock to lend him some money, the detective suddenly wanted to go to the bank.
In those years, Sherlock and John went on with their lives. They got married and adopted a baby girl, Rayna Elizabeth Holmes-Watson. They were still on cases for the Yard, but this one always lingered at the back of their minds.
“HE DOES!” Molly yelled over Sherlock’s words, “He was calling out your name, Sherlock. Your name! He only has you in his mind even now. He doesn’t even know you’re still alive. I cannot imagine the pain he would go through when he wakes up and realises that you’ve abandoned him again, and worse, at the time when he needed you the most. Do you even understand what you are trying to do Sherlock Holmes?!”
British Government, but that is wildly inaccurate. It’s what he knows, what he deduced. I’ve only let him see what he wants. What he doesn’t see, I want you to.”
Kaplan had that rule to stop anyone from their own organization of being in a habit of doing so. One, to protect herself when she became too old. Two, to protect any grandchildren she may have in the future. By conditioning the entire organization with one golden rule, she was essentially protecting her own lineage to the throne.
“Unfortunately it is a one way communication. I believe Moriarty monitors his every move, thus the code. We very rarely use it unless it’s a level ten emergency.”
“Are you boys smoking?” She asked, knowing they wouldn’t admit it. But it’s really adorable to see them panic about these little things.
In the first year, John had sixteen panic attacks and every one of them landed both him and Sherlock in the hospital. The violent nightmares made him throw punches and kicks at whoever closest to him, and with Sherlock sleeping next to John every night, it was inevitably Sherlock who received John’s fists and kicks.
At the dinner table, both Holmes brothers behaved like they did when they were young. Mrs. Holmes wasn’t shy to smack them at the back of their head when they start squabbling like young children. Mycroft was teasing Sherlock about his new
“Good evening Gregory. A little birdie told me that my brother was in trouble again.” Mycroft replied.
John came back from the interview at a local clinic for some locum work a few hours later. There was a brooding Sherlock staring at the painted signs when he walked in the door. Also, the detective had found another murder, exactly the same as Van Coon.
It used to be soreness, pain and sometimes it itches really bad when torn skin heals. Never pleasure like this. Feeling John’s cock sliding in and out, the head of his Captain’s length bumping against his prostate in every inward thrust made Sherlock scream out in pleasure.
“Do you still have more of those explosives in the flat?” John asked breathlessly after running down the stairs. His erection had waned, but at the sight of Sherlock lying flat on the sofa with his dressing gown fallen off his thighs, he felt his heart skip a beat and turned towards the kitchen before Sherlock noticed the front of his pajamas tenting.
One hour to go, and Sherlock was still rushing around town. In the meantime, we’re busy relocating people from the building while Q monitored all surveillance in the area after disarming the sniper. If Moriarty was a little less occupied with playing with Sherlock, we wouldn’t have gotten away with it.
Sherlock nodded, then went to the shower after piling up their dirty dishes in the sink. He made sure he cleaned every nook and cranny of his body, not that there were many on his lanky body. In there, he was so tempted to get a bit of relief, but reconsidered again when his mind wandered to what John could have planned for them-- for him. He dried up and wrapped himself in his robe, with nothing underneath it, and went upstairs anxiously.
“Domes-- no Mrs Hudson. If you consider brilliant sex on the sofa a domestic, then yes. We had a big
What really happened was John, who had no idea why Sherlock said that to Greg, asked the detective what he meant. When Sherlock had a guilty look on his face, John flipped. He suspected that Sherlock knew Greg was in the other room, but that face confirmed it. He shoved Sherlock into the next open interrogation room, pushed Sherlock to sit on one side of the table, then pulling handcuffs from Sherlock’s Belstaff pocket and cuffed Sherlock to the table.
The case had nothing to do with Andrew West directly, but it was pointing to the same person - Moriarty.
There will be a developing Mystrade in this story. Here's the first installment of how and why there's no smut... FOR NOW.
“There’s more to our marriage than love. I feel something for you Sally, but it’s not enough to throw away my life with Kate. Please, just let this go.”
“Gorgeous. You’re fucking gorgeous Sherlock…” he whispered against Sherlock’s neck, gently nibbling around the chain of his dog tags around Sherlock’s neck. “Don’t come until I say so.” He switched to his Captain Watson tone.
Her affair with Anderson started a few months before her birthday. It was a regular night out at the bar, ‘regular’ until Anderson kissed her in the alley and spent the night at her flat. They were both pissed, and agreed that it was a one time thing... until Anderson’s wife left the country on business. She would be away for months, and an affair started.
“As you wish, brother dear. Just remember this is your last chance with John. We both know he can’t take more psychological pain after what happened. You will need to be there forever.”
. The next thing he knew was Mycroft held close to his chest, and his fingers gently scraping his lover’s scalp, all while whispering soothing nothings into Mycroft’s hair.
There was a note embedded on the file with instructions to destroy all of this when I was done. It was written in an elegant script.
Surprises are not easy to pull off. One must wonder how Mycroft Holmes plans his surprises, being the mastermind that he is.
“Ah, Sherlock Holmes! If it helps, I do work in the same hospital as his blogger. Doctor Watson might put in a good word for you.”
Sherlock made a chase for who he thought was Zhi Zhu when shots were fired. In actual fact, Zhi Zhu was right within Bryn’s line of sight. He was waiting for John to leave her alone before moving in on her. And when John ran after Sherlock, Bryn knew Soo Lin was as good as dead.
John could not hold it in. It was so awkward to the point of both John and Mr. Holmes had burst out laughing.
John and Sherlock made it back to their flat after a round of scolding by DI Dimmock. He was pissed that his team had to work overtime and had nothing to show for it. While John busied himself in the kitchen trying to find something to eat, he only found rotten pickled onions (how long would pickles need to be kept to be rotten?) and was about to settle for some biscuits when Mrs Hudson came up with some tea and nibbles.
Kate Anderson landed in Heathrow Airport four days before her best friend was killed on the 15th July. Philip was at work when she arrived at home and found lingerie that did not belong to her. She suspected her husband of having an affair, but she had to find out who. She had to talk to someone about it.
Mycroft stood up and made his move to leave, but before walking away, he handed a file to Sherlock, only to receive some harsh words thrown at him through his younger brother’s eyes.
Sherlock grumbles quietly, but opened his eyes and saw that he was still naked in the tub. The water has gone cold, and his fingers were pruned. It took a lot of effort to heave himself up and out. He grabbed the nearest towel and held it out for John, then wrapped himself in another one. His mind was blank. It had been awhile since he slept into the REM phase.
Bryn signalled to John that it was the second - suspicious. This was not the same man as before. From a distance he does look like the same bartender. To an untrained eye, he was undoubtedly George the bartender. But to Bryn, the map of veins on his face are different, as well as the curve of his lower lip. He nodded towards a table at the back and they both moved with their pints.
“He isn’t. But something is holding him back. The most logical explanation would be a threat, on both yours and Rayna’s lives. If he stays away, you’re safe.”
The taller man threw the duvet open and laid on top of John. Now their cocks were stacked together. Every little movement Sherlock made sent shivers down John’s spine.
When John got Sherlock fully dressed, Sherlock stood there for another four minutes before he blinked, once, twice, and groaned, tugging his hair, pacing around the kitchen.
I MADE IT! This is the last chapter of the advent, and I hope you all have enjoyed it! Happy New Year xxxxx
Mycroft nodded. The last person he needs to explain all this to is the most law-abiding person he had ever known.
“Why?” Harry halted and turned around facing Molly, “Why is it always John? I’ve abused his trust since we were young, but… he never deserved it… not any of this!”
Sally grinned as she traced her knife across his chest, gently cutting thin lines, licking her lips as blood slowly trickled down his body. Her victim refused to speak and shut his eyes tight. She stared at the bottle of wine on the kitchen counter, wondering if someone would ever realise its significance.
It took John two minutes to run back to where she was, but it was too late. There was a black lotus origami on her hand. He’s seen many blown bits of bodies during his time in war, but seeing an innocent party, a young woman nonetheless, had made John’s heart weep. She was bright and could have gone far in life, but was unfortunately born into the wrong family, falling into the wrong side of society.
That was when John decided it was time to get to the main course. He removed himself from Sherlock, leaned up to pull his pillow down under Sherlock’s hips, “be right back. I just need to rinse so I could kiss you,” then moved to the bathroom.
There was an odd feeling that John felt in his chest. Constricting, as if something had just happened. Out of curiosity, he glanced up and looked at the telly, and Speedy’s flashed across the screen with emergency services at its doorstep.
Sherlock felt that tug on his hair, and John seemed to be pushing him down. He pulled away and grabbed John’s hip, flipping the doctor over. His doctor seemed to know what’s next as he raised his hips on his knees and let them part as far as he could. Sherlock was feeling something he had never felt before as he grabbed the bottle of lube from John’s drawer and pouring it on his hand. He slicked up his fingers and as it warmed up, he touched John’s rim, just drawing circles, waiting for the muscles to relax.
Sherlock made a move to leave the sofa again, but John caught him in time and pushed him back down. Before Sherlock could react, John had the pillow back on his lap and laid his head down on it.
“I know. He’s in my wing in his mind palace.” John smiled. “I bet he’s thinking about what we did--”
“Having an affair. That bitch came into my home! I found this,” Kate showed her best friend the photo of the lingerie, “in my bedroom!”
Sherlock obeyed. With his middle finger still inside, he slowly pushed in his index finger. The way John’s hole stretched and wrapped around them was a sight to behold. Sherlock fucked John slowly, brushing past John’s prostate every other thrust in with his fingers.
As Bryn walked away, he heard sounds of spray cans hissing, confident that Raz would do well. His own task was to be one step ahead of Sherlock, and that meant finding Soo Lin before the duo did.
As he explained to John that the book to cracking the cipher must be on Soo Lin’s desk, he grabbed his scarf and gloves, hoping to make it to the museum before Soo Lin’s belongings were taken away. Sherlock ran down the stairs and tried to flag a cab turning the corner when he bumped into a couple.
The next morning, John woke up with a pounding headache. He reached up and felt the bandage on his head, then his shoulder hurt from the movement. As he tried to stretch his body out, Sherlock walked into the room with a cup of tea and two pills in his hand.
Anderson had came out and testified that he was having an affair with Sally, not Layla. However, evidence Sally had planted in the apartment said otherwise. All Sally had to do now was to act out the part of a girlfriend betrayed by her lover.
“One day we’ll be standing around a body, and Sherlock Holmes will be the one who put it there.” John looked back at Sally when she made that remark. His eyebrow twitched, remembering those same words the first day he had met her. This time, he decided to entertain her.
“No you’re not fine, John. If you won’t talk to me, would you at least listen to me? Would you give me the chance to win your trust back?”
Sherlock walked past her towards the window and stared at John as he crosses the street, heading in the direction of Tesco.
He moaned into the pillow under his face, holding on to the bedsheets with his dear life. It was just Sherlock’s fingers, but he felt like he was about to come from being fucked like that. He wanted more. He wanted to feel Sherlock inside him.
had left, until he gaze drifted towards John. In an instant, he bent over, putting the gun on the floor and dropped to his knees in front of John.
“Ah, how it was stolen was interesting. He was more interested in the why. The owner claims that there was a mini explosion inside the display cabinet. Just enough to blow a small hole for the diamond to slip through to the bottom. The explosion triggered safety protocols, and the diamond was supposed to be at the bottom of the cabinet, only it wasn’t. The protocol took an hour. By the time they got back to find it, the diamond was gone.”
“I have been, for years, Sherlock.” John answered, slowly smoothing his fingers up and down Sherlock’s forearm on his side. When Sherlock stood there, stunned, John thought he had fucked this up, royally. “You… if… if you’re uncomfortable knowing that fact, I’ll just go and get somewhere else to live. But I really, really still want to be your best friend, Sherlock. You’re the closest person I have to family. Hell, you are even closer than family. I’m sor--”
Sherlock’s rant was cut short with John’s palm covering his mouth. “Sorry mate. He’s a little frantic.”
John felt it when Sherlock came. It was like a rush of hot liquid blooming inside his arse. His knees gave and both of them collapsed, Sherlock cock still lodged deep inside him, full body weight on top of him. When Sherlock pulled out, he tried to clench his hole, not wanting to let it leak all over the bed, but Sherlock had other plans. He felt Sherlock lift himself off, and those hands of his on his arse cheeks, spreading it open. Then a finger slipped into his dilated hole, causing John’s muscles to relax and Sherlock’s cum leaking out. But Sherlock’s finger stayed there, going deeper every thrust, expertly avoiding his prostate.
“I can very well protect myself! Is there anyway to send him a message? If you can, tell him he’s a class-A prick, and I don’t need him to sacrifice himself!”
“If you can still crack jokes it means you’re alright. You’ve done worse bubba.” Q quipped as he walked into the briefing room with Anthea right behind him, and M was right behind her.
“It’s alright, you’re alright now.” Sherlock quickly released John from the chair and cradled the doctor in his arms.
“And let’s not make a habit out of this.” Sherlock’s face softened, leaving their bedroom and headed down.
“Hmm.” M made a non-committal sound, “both of you, meet me in twenty. Anthea, bring Q. We are executing plan B.”
“Bugger sodding… fuck! I have an interview.” John pulled himself away from Sherlock and ran out to get his phone, naked.
That made John fuck Sherlock harder than before. He had the angle nailed, but those eyes made him lose control for a second, and he came deep inside Sherlock.
Pulling the Belstaff off Sherlock, what he found was mouthwatering. Miles of skin and a ribbon tied around Sherlock’s waist. It seems to be attached to his pants, a futile effort hiding his erection.
John got on the cab and asked Bryn to take him to Scotland Yard. On their way there, John pulled out a printed picture of the cipher and showed it to Bryn. He recognised it. Last time he saw this was during the extraction of Mister Holmes in China. It had ties to Operation Flower. To the person who shot M.
He ran up the stairs into John’s bedroom and opened John’s cupboard. He stood in front of the open cupboard, measuring the space inside.
“I was hiding behind that wall until there was no sound… she was crying and… I went to her, and I saw the blood. So much blood! I asked her if she’s alright but she went limp… I tried to… I held her but… She wasn’t breathing. Oh god…” She buried her face in her palms and continued to sob.
“Down to the voice, B, down to the itsy-bitsy details. They’re both mine, afterall.” Mister Kaplan chuckled.
John & Sherlock on a date. Canon divergence - John never dated anyone else since the first BBC episode.
up. They were having dinner in silence, but when Greg brought desserts out from the kitchen, Mycroft said it.
“Christ! Was he there this whole time? Alright, Rayna, head down to Gran’s. We’ll be back in a couple of hours alright?”
“I’ve already came twice today love. I don’t think I can manage one more. Besides, we have to go down to the Yard for yesterday’s case. We haven’t recorded our statement yet.” John was already coming out of the shower after three minutes. Sherlock was putting on the fresh sheets when John came out.
John raised Sherlock’s legs and moved to bend them towards the brunet’s chest, but he had the shock of his life when Sherlock folded in half, his knees on the sides of his head.
While John was staring at the wall, Sherlock made quick steps and left the building and noticed a cab across the street.
But when she announced that she was Shan, John knew he had to pretend, he had to drag this out until Sherlock, and hopefully Mycroft’s people, come to rescue him. From his experience, he knew she wouldn’t kill him that very instance. He was confident that it was a ruse to make him talk.
As I ran out of the building with Anthea’s mother in my arms, my heart tightened, my stomach churned, my mind went blank. All I could think of was how he always drew the shorter straw since I came back to service - the undercover work, the cleanups, and now he had to deal with the explosives while I sneak the old lady out of the building.
John thought. And as if Sherlock read his mind, he leaned across the table and gave John a kiss, lips covered in sweet and sour sauce. Watching Sherlock lick it off reminded John’s throbbing cock its existence.
He felt Sherlock’s finger slip out completely, and the detective climbed up to lie beside John, face to face. John pulled Sherlock’s face close and kissed him, long and sweet. “That was amazing.” He said and gave Sherlock a kiss on his forehead, fingers carding through those black curls.
Twice John tried to take his own life. John was alone at the safe house the first two weeks which he spent cleaning every day. On the third week after the first two plea hearing and went through some finer details with the attorney, John had enough. Initially, John was assigned a state psychiatrist, but he wouldn’t speak to anyone else except for Sherlock - because he still believed Sherlock was dead, and the Sherlock with him was his hallucination. When he moved into the safe house, he had stopped taking painkillers and Sherlock was on his own trial and wasn't allowed to leave Mycroft's. Sherlock’s absence for two weeks threw John completely off balance.
“I’m feeling Indian,” She seemed like the type to love a good spicy curry, “or that burger from that shithole John and I go to.”
When James Moriarty first came into Mycroft’s radar, he had little to be concerned about. That was true until James’ patterns changed from what was originally planned. It was then he realized that the man had gone rouge just to play a game with Sherlock-fucking-Holmes.
“Well, Mycroft kidnapped me, and I told them I’ll keep you from knowing…” John looked around again and whispered, “shit. Do you think they’ve been listening here?”
While the boys were outside having it out, Mrs. Holmes explained that they used to fight when there are other people around, but on their own, they would stop almost immediately and actually be loving to each other. It was odd, but she knew that they have their own way of showing affection to each other.
As the double turned around and walked out, Sherlock didn’t move for a few seconds, gun still trained at the door where
The speakers crackled, and there were some voices coming through. “That’s the black box pilot recordings,” Q said, “and wait for it.”
“Oh fuck fuck fuck!” Sherlock started screaming and moaning profanities. John felt the telltale signs of Sherlock about to orgasm, and slowly pulled his hand away before Sherlock came. John wasn’t surprised when Sherlock whined the moment his fingers were completely pulled out.
Due to popular demand, Bryn's POV will not be terminated! I've figured out a system. I hope it's obvious enough when POV's switch!
Then she reloaded her gun, and asked about the treasure. When John claimed that he had no idea what she was talking about, she revealed the crossbow they used in one of their shows, and assured John that the arrow was very real. He didn’t have much time. There’s only as much time as the sandbag held.
have I fucked up by underestimating Sherlock’s ability to relate Soo Lin’s apartment to The Lucky Cat. Why had he thought that soaked mail had anything to do with it?
“Nobody wants to die, but we all eventually would. It’s not about why we die, but how we have lived.” I said as Samuel’s coffin was lowered into the ground. Emotions were threatening to show, relieved, more than anything. I clenched my fists so tight I could feel my nails digging into my palm, the pain pinching tears through my eyes. Then I felt someone else’s hand next to mine in my coat pocket. Looking to my left, Anthea was there, shoulder to shoulder with me. She gently pried my fist open and entwined her fingers in mine.
“Right. Born into the Kaplan-Moriarty family, runs mainly nuclear and rare stones. Recently found some interest in American firearms. They mainly operate out of an island off the coast of Papua New Guinea. Now, the one you met…”
“What did you send?” Mycroft asked, then peeked over at Greg’s mobile to read the message John sent. A loud gasp, then a groan came from both of them when they realised what John had done to them.
Bryn was told during the briefing that Soo Lin was safe. They had sent agents to pick her up from her apartment the day they realised Zhi Zhu had passed through immigration into the UK under one of his known alias.
“That was what Moriarty was waiting for too…” M said when he spun his monitor around, showing John bound on his wrists and ankles, knocked out cold, getting thrown into the back of an unmarked SUV.
“If there is only one person in the world who loves Sherlock, it's me. But of course, you know that’s not true. You probably love yourself so much there’s never going to be enough to top that...”
John stepped into the cluttered living room and was hoping to catch some sleep, but was stopped short when Sherlock announced that they were going out.
It only took the police a day to find the three men who raped Sally’s first victim. There were others who saw three of them running out of the alley where the victim was found, and heard Sally’s voice when she called emergency services.
That same night after the briefing, Bryn was told that Sherlock and John are looking for more codes, and received a location to rendezvous with his backup. When he arrived, John was running away from their hiding spot, calling for Sherlock. There were codes left behind by Black Lotus on the wall adjacent to where they were hiding.
“His vitals are looking better. It’s improving as we speak.” The doctor told Harry as she held her brother’s hand in hers. It had been four days since the commotion with Molly and Sherlock.
It was one of those cases where there was only one side of a story. The fact that Bewick (the accused) fell into Mycroft’s radar was the fact that he worked for a large criminal organisation. Sherlock saw it all, except which criminal organisation.
“Sherlock. Did I hurt you? I’m sorry!” John panicked, but Sherlock shook his head and wrapped himself around John.
The smell of a fantastic roast lingered in the hallways. The moment John opened the door to their room, he caught a whiff of it, along with freshly baked honey biscuits. He recognised that smell from when Sherlock brought some home, reheating it in the microwave.
“John? JOHN! Please, come on John. Wake up for me!” Sherlock loomed over John as he reached for the call button.
They went to DI Dimmock, and was granted access to the crime scene for five minutes. There was a lot Sherlock could find in five minutes.
A quick glance over to John, and he knew he had to go alone. Last time they were lucky Jim didn’t blow them up at the pool, but god knows what he would do this time.
“And what was it?” John asked when Sherlock stopped talking, and looked like he was about to hyperventilate. John quickly uncuffed Sherlock and knelt in front of the detective, gently rubbing his wrists in soothing circles. “Hey, relax. Sorry I yelled at you, but what you did was really more than bit not good.”
“I can’t tell you yet. They’re giving me a test and I have to pass first. I need to go and study now.”
He was seeing red. In between disappointment and anger towards his operatives, he knew Sherlock would get to it, but wasn’t expecting it to be so soon.
Greg had just got back from the Yard and was heating up some leftover bolognese sauce in the kitchen. The pan was still simmering when Mycroft appeared in the kitchen.
Shan had tried to run in all that commotion, but Mycroft’s men had gotten to her first. They kept her pinned at a corner of the tunnel, waiting for Mycroft. After Sherlock had took John out of the tunnel, he turned and went straight to where Shan was.
It was one of Sherlock’s old trousers with dull patches of bleach stains, and a patched spot where there was a bullet hole before. “Where did you get this?” Sherlock asked, and knew better to refuse wearing them.
“As you can see, and obviously feel, I’m quite alright. I apologize Gregory. We were quite caught up with that whole… fiasco.”
I closed the door behind me once I’ve led him into the kitchen. He stood straight and still behind the kitchen counter, leaning against his umbrella.
“No, you’re not worthless. You are my heart, my soul, my life, John. You are worth every stab, every gunshot, every whip that I’ve endured. You are worth all the insults that the world can throw at me, you are worth all the sleepless nights and days. You are worth it all to me, if it keeps you safe, if it keeps you with me for our whole lives. I’ve promised you everyday in the past three weeks that I will never leave you behind, and I will remind you everyday of that promise until the day you die. I will not let myself die before you.”
“How. Does. It. Feel?” She pushed a little deeper with every word, until she felt his heart beating against the tip of her knife.
“There he is.” John huffed, “there’s no chlorine Sherlock. What did you do to blow a hole through the floor?”
John was looking back at him with his face down on the side. His cock was red and leaking. Sherlock wasn’t very far behind either. It took him everything he had to not touch himself then and there.
Some of them came in a verified DI Lestrade’s story, some just came in to make them change their mind. But to every question, John would proudly say “yes we are together now", "more like boyfriends”, and Sherlock held John’s hand in a tight grip, wanting to go home and be alone with John.
“Would you like me to take that for you?” He waved his hand around her knife. “I don’t like leaving witnesses.”
He continued to pinch and roll those nipples until Sherlock was panting hard, and with one last tug, Sherlock bent forward, losing strength to stay upright. John held him up by his torso and whispered in his ear, “shhh. I got you love. Let go, I got you.”
Sherlock Holmes. That name gave Sally goosebumps when she had first met him eighteen months ago. This was her first kill when he was sober. His keen observations and deductions gave her even more satisfaction when he couldn’t figure out who killed Molly’s older brother.
Bryn raised a hand and stopped John from continuing, “don’t want to know what he’s thinking about then, thank you very much.”
“Think it over. Goodbye John, see you very soon.” He shook John’s hand, leaving the couple in their flat, one annoyed, the other absolutely befuddled as to what went down in the past ten minutes.
“Was?” I asked, already dreading the answer to that question. Somewhere deep in my gut I knew something sinister had happened, and the worst has yet to come.
Still breathing heavily, unable to speak, Sherlock nodded. And that must have been the right answer because John dove in immediately, lapping at the pink hole, covered slightly in fine dark hair.
Her fingers halted from the furious texting so quickly, I could almost hear a screech. “Tomorrow?” She asked, looking up at me with a shy smile.
It was too close. John saw the arrow headed straight for his shoulder and suddenly he was back in the dessert. Explosions, gunfire, sweat and blood filled his mind. There was someone crying, someone sobbing and screaming in the vast wasteland with gunfire in the distance, people’s voices echoing in the distance. John hazily realised the crying and screaming was coming from himself, only for a short few seconds, then there was nothing.
, those were the first, and mainly about his physical appearance. Then the puzzles fell into place - John is physically attracted to Sherlock.
Throughout the years, Sally had left fake clues for the consulting detective, leading him around the block. Of course, she couldn’t have done it on her own. She had help from Sherlock’s nemesis, Moriarty.
“John! Oh god, John you’re awake. John!” Sherlock ran back into the room and embraced John, crying his name over and over into John’s pillow. John let his other hand run through Sherlock’s hair, to feel if this was real.
Sally whispered to herself as she locked her front door. Holding a cork from the wine bottle she left in Tommy’s lakeside cabin, she added it into her well-hidden safe behind her bookshelf, joining six other corks she had been collecting since she was twenty-two.
“I’m never bored. He’s fantastic.” John answered casually, wanting to rid of Mycroft so he could properly look at Sherlock in his own chair. Never did he realize that he became so attached to his chair, just a little shy of his attachment to Sherlock.
“I called Sheppard and asked them to tailor one for you. It’s less stiff, a more comfortable material to wear underneath jumpers.” Greg smiled, knowing that he had once again surprised his lover.
The day they got back to Baker Street from the Holmes’ cottage, Captain Watson once again made an appearance.
Zhi Zhu said, and he shot his sister right in the head. As soon as he pulled the trigger, he ran, and Bryn was on his tail. He didn’t want to open fire and attract Zhi Zhu’s accomplice. His accomplice met him few streets away from the museum and ran zigzag for another few hundred meters before Bryn lost them.
“Right, you know Philip? Philip Anderson? His wife’s my best mate and they have a little… situation.”
“Me too, love. Me too.” John was running out of breath. He was getting too close with Sherlock gyrating his hips above. “Stop. Too close!” But it was too late. Sherlock didn’t stop and John spent himself between their stomachs, covering Sherlock’s red leaking cock with his semen.
“Friend, flatmate, colleague.” John answered with a shrug. Sebastian scoffed while Sherlock gave John a loopy grin, one that made John think he was happy about having a friend.
Then John happened. Ever since they have met each other, Sherlock had started to build a family with him unknowingly. It wasn’t the greatest family unit in the world, but for Sherlock, the two of them was enough. It was perfect.
“Good evening Mycroft, Greg. I am still not convinced that you don’t care, Sherlock. Or actually, you care too much but you’re afraid of the responsibility, hmm?”
Sherlock opened the door and found John, standing by their bed in his camouflage, and a pair of trousers in his hand. He caught the trousers mid-air when John tossed it over, and took the hint to put it on.
There was a long pause, Sherlock contemplating if he wanted to tell John about the real reason they are going to a Chinese circus. He decided not to, and handed the flyer to John.
John noticed Bryn’s stares and wondered if he was interested in the man professionally or personally. He nudged Bryn’s elbow on the table and tapped out in morse - ‘Hot or suspicious’.
“Okay! Remember to eat lunch daddy.” Rayna shouted as she hopped down the stairs towards Mrs Hudson’s flat.
Strapping Anthea’s mother and myself in, I stepped on the gas as hard as I could. This was not how I wanted to test the throttle on my new Jaguar.
Mycroft thanked him with a gentle kiss, then pulled the shirt on, followed by the jumper. Greg was right, it felt a lot less stiff than before.
“Oh god, no. Mycroft. No! I didn’t mean it like that.” Greg thought if he was getting kicked out, he might as well go out with a bang. “I can’t because…” He took a big breath of air and blurted out, muffled, “
“Lads, come on! You know better than to do that here?! Get out of there. Now!” Greg switched off all the equipment and went to the other door, swinging it wide open.
John felt the Sherlock’s shiver at his fingertips. He gently pulled out and wiped his hand on Sherlock’s bathrobe from the floor, then moved up to cup Sherlock’s face in a gentle kiss. He felt the detective shuddering, and realised a moment later that he was crying.
When Greg and Mycroft finally appeared, John asked what did they do to make Mrs. Holmes that mad. What he heard was beyond his belief. He didn’t trust his own ears the first time, and asked them to repeat it.
“John…” Sherlock whined, but all he got was another resounding spank, this time on his left arse cheek.
“What was that? You don’t fancy Noodles Samosas?” I asked, at the same time holding up two fingers to the waiter to double that order.
“Tea, two sugars.” It would be ideal to play along for now. He sat on one of the chairs in front of the fireplace and waited for Jim.
Sherlock felt the sting that radiated out around his arse cheek. It didn’t hurt, just burned a little, but he was now more turned on than ever. Risking it, he let his head fall and saw John removing his top, only wearing a white undershirt and his camo trousers. Then he felt John coming closer, pressing those trousers against his arse. He felt John’s cock hard against him, even through both their trousers.
John went upstairs, got changed and chose his tightest pair of pants. It would be extremely uncomfortable, but he didn’t want to walk out of the flat with an obvious erection.
Moriarty opened his eyes and found his mother, who was more commonly known as Mister Kaplan, sitting across him with a book in her hand.
Sherlock bought milk. John thought that was odd. Even with what they were going through, Sherlock was still the same brat. He had started to do chores together with John, because Sherlock knew John doing it alone would remind him of when he was in captivity.
“John…” Sherlock pulled his fingers out slowly, hand still covered in lube. He slicked up his cock and poured a little extra onto John’s hole. Some of it gathered there and seeped into John. It was slightly dilated, and John was obviously relaxed. He let the head of his cock slip inside, and both of them felt the muscles catch onto it, sucking Sherlock’s cock in.
One of Moriarty’s men found Anderson living in the basement of an empty warehouse. They were using the warehouse’s ground floor for a drug transaction when they heard pots and pans clatter below them. They kept him tied up in the basement and called Moran.
As Aurelia became smaller, she turned the corner towards the hideout. The moment she was out of sight, I turned around and saw someone just inches away from my face.
Unsteadily, Sherlock walked up the stairs, still holding his Belstaff tight around himself. John followed right behind, and that was when he realised he could see Sherlock’s legs. Could he be…
Sherlock made no comment about it then. When a cab stopped for them, they hopped on and Sherlock held John’s hand in his the whole ride. It was obvious to John that it bothered Sherlock, to process all these sentiments and emotions.
“Clever! Join me, Sherlock. You are wasting that brilliant mind of yours on dead people. What’s the point, hmm?”
Despite rumors, Gloria and Julius did love each other. It was by pure coincidence that they both had talent and passion for all things
“Anderson had an affair with both Layla and Donovan, but Layla more than the other. His wife found evidence to confront her best friend. The struggle was intense. Layla choked Kate during the struggle and when Layla hit the table, Kate could have experienced a blackout from a stress-induced psychosis break. Went to the kitchen, grabbed a knife and stabbed the victim. There was a blood trail towards the kitchen. If the murderer was Kate, she could have wanted to clean the knife in the sink, but broke out of her psychosis state right then. And realises what she did. Panicked and ran. Hallucinations are common during a psychotic break…”
Bryn arrived just a minute before his fifteen was up, and found John happily discussing last night’s football match with the bartender - the same one who had been there, who was supposed to be Moriarty. It’s not possible for him to be here and on the train back from Minsk. He’s now on high alert. Since their briefing, he’s well aware of Moriarty’s disguises, and the man on the train could very well be a double.
“You little shit.” She clocked his head with the book again. “Your father would’ve been so disappointed. We never, ever, use innocent pawns, children or the elderly. And I hope you remember why?” Her eyebrows were raised in warning to James.
As the car drove away from the graveyard, Mycroft clenched and unclenched his fists, two sides of him battling in his head. Ultimately he decided to disclose it to Gregory, knowing that it would be much safer for him to know what enemies are constantly around him, than to die one day without knowing why.
The door to 221B slammed shut behind John. Sherlock literally ran up the stairs and into their bedroom once they had arrived. He knew what he whispered to Sherlock got him all hot and bothered. Smiling to himself, he shrugged off his jacket and threw it on his chair, going straight towards the closed bedroom door.
