Sherlock licks his lips nervously and then stands up. John takes a step forward, and their lips meet. It’s chase and sweet, and Sherlock finds himself wanting a lot more when John pulls away. John smiles at him for a couple seconds and then leans forward to give him another kiss, which lasts a lot longer and leaves Sherlock feeling much more fulfilled when they actually pull away.
“No dear, we’re gong to be in town for a couple of days. I left messages on your phone, if you ever looked at the thing you wouldn’t be so surprised.”
“Please, most of the cases are so simple that I can do them without ever leaving the flat, and I will still be able to go on cases in the evening. Hopefully you will still want to go on them sometimes with me.”
Sherlock stares uncertainly at Rosie, who is now popping some of the food which survived being thrown earlier into her mouth. “I would like to keep trying, at least if you don’t think I’m doing her harm. I enjoy spending time with her, I do, John, I just don’t know anything about taking care of a kid.”
“Oh yes, very nice, Pigwigs,” Sherlock says picking her up and setting her on his hip and taking the phone to look at it.
John sighs. “I wouldn’t want to do it, and honestly I feel guilty about not wanting to do it, especially when you do. I also can’t quite believe that you really want a huge chunk of your life to be about nappies and blocks.”
“Oh no,” Mrs. Holmes says, “She can call me,” she pauses looking up and John, and deciding not to step beyond her bonds once more. “Dot.”
Sherlock’s face wasn’t mocking at all, indeed, he looked a bit worried as he took his seat, and John wasn’t sure, but it felt as if the tall man had been reluctant to move his hand. “Sure?”
John realized now that some eager people were gathered near the entrance to the banquet hall and were attempting to overhear what they were saying. Flushing with embarrassment, John nodded quickly and allowed himself to be guided away. Sherlock took him to one of the small pubs that the hotel boasted and found them a small booth far in the back. Ordering quickly, he set down two mugs of ale, neither of which were touched by either man. Sherlock seemed to be gathering his thoughts and John’s nerve was breaking, “What do you want, Sherlock?”
“I have other thoughts, about other things, John Watson.” Sherlock’s gaze wandered downward. “I’ve lain in that very bed on so many nights, wanting to do so many things with you, to you.” He leaned forward and inhaled deeply, “Remember the first time you met Sally Donovan.”
. If you are a good boy, I will reward you. If you are a bad boy, I will punish you. I don’t care either way because I will enjoy all of it.”
Sherlock was already two bites in before he realized that Danny was being truthful. He hated raisins yet here he was, loving the odd sandwich he was wolfing down. Danny looked proud and John looked ill as they finished their sandwiches silently. When he was done eating, Sherlock said, “You are a miraculous cook.”
“And the sex holiday. You had a sex holiday with Mary, don’t think you are going to get away not having one with me as well,” Sherlock warns him.
Rosie and John have been at Baker’s Street for just under a month and even though Rosie’s things have taken over the room, the bed is still there. Sherlock sits down on it, pulling Rosie to his chest.
No, it was really best that Sherlock didn’t get too attached, because inevitably, John was going to leave him again. It was best to start preparing right now so that his heart would break less when the separation actually happened later on.
John smiles. “I like the idea of raising a little Sherlock Holmes. I think that adopting an autistic child is far from a guarantee that it will be like you.”
“Well, give me a minute before you ruin another proposal,” John says, taking a breath. “I told you a while ago that I couldn’t really picture a future that didn’t include you in it. I guess I’m ready to make all of that a lot more official, and ask you to marry me.”
The man smiles at him vaguely, and then turns back to look at their children, which aren’t exactly playing with each other so much as playing near one another.
Sherlock bursts into the room just then, “John! I’m here! You don’t have to be polite to my parents anymore!”
“Rosie, come on, Sherlock is going to take you home now,” the worker says, and this time a small whimper comes out of the girl.
John puts the book down and cuddles Rosie to his side for a moment. She seems satiated on the story for the first time and runs her finger along tango’s face on the cover slowly.
“Okay,” John says, “Clearly there is some history here that I am not privy to. So you tell me, are you willing to tolerate your mother and father in the flat for an hour while we enjoy our tea and chat? Give them a chance to prove themselves better than your childhood memories?”
The ice cream place is almost exactly half-way between Rosie’s day care, and the flat, which Sherlock knows means that taking her here on the first day he takes her home was even less wise. It’s setting a president that he certainly can’t keep up forever.
Sherlock gave him the first genuine smile that John had seen from him in months, “If you want, John. I hope you succeed.” He paused again, “I’m really happy you’re back, John.” John felt something glowing pleasantly inside his chest as he returned Sherlock’s smile, their eyes meeting steadily for a long moment.
John cut him off again, “So, you’re actually stuck. Whatever you actually are, the magic works on you for real.”
Sherlock felt a very soft, warm, and quite damp cloth being applied to his eyes, “You’re a bit crusty there, be patient, almost done.”
John began slowly, pressing and grinding, enjoying every uncontrolled clench and agonised wheeze he got out of Sherlock. “You’re going to feel me for
“Crying is good for you. You can’t keep it inside forever, beautiful man, it’s better to let it go. You’ll see clearer now.” Danny was right. Sherlock saw that he’d been in an emotional twist for so long that parts of him were atrophying. He was rotting inside, and the festering sections needed cauterizing. He had to learn to live again, to heal, to grow. Danny kissed him, “You’re doing me no end of good, Sherlock, just know that. I hope I’m doing the same.”
“I wish we could work from here and not with Mycroft,” Sherlock grumbled. “Now John feels as if he’s being deliberately left out, and he’s not.”
John was completely stunned. He couldn’t speak at first and it wasn’t until Sherlock’s pleading gaze turned away in defeat that he broke free of his temporary paralysis and said, “Yes, god yes.” John reached out and pulled Sherlock close to him once more, “This is the most amazing thing to ever happen to me, a fantasy come true, well, sort of. I never once imagined you confessing yourself like this. If anything, I thought I would break down first, I did, I was. I was going to tell you somehow but I never managed. You’re far braver than I am.”
working. John totally understood why Sherlock would be reluctant to pursue such a desire. He was still called a freak by many just for being intelligent and perceptive, and being called out on his less-than-common preferences would hurt him worse than being disparaged for his natural talents. John doubted that Sherlock wanted people to have even more reasons to call him names.
room,” Danny was shaking his head, “I’m downstairs with Sherlock, your old room still has your crap in it anyway, Mrs Hudson would be over the moon to have Rosie close by, and
“Sherlock, there’s no rush,” he tried to say but Sherlock wasn’t having any of it. “You’re hardly healed. You can’t possibly be able…”
have to make a case for yourself, Sherlock. If anyone needs to explain themselves or convince anyone of anything, it’s me. You don’t want me in your life, you shouldn’t want me. I’m a bad person. Anything good or noteworthy about me isn’t nearly enough to balance the scales, especially with you. I can’t be with you, Sherlock, I’m not good for you, or for anyone. It’s better this way. Just...go live a good life, Sherlock Holmes. You deserve only the best and that’s definitely not me. We both know what kind of man I am, and I certainly am not worth your time.”
“Tea would be lovely.” John lay there feeling crusty and out-of-sorts. His head ached a bit and he desperately wanted a shower but felt too weak to get up without building up toward it. “I don’t think I can manage food quite yet.”
, but I am not a day-care, as much as I love her. I have a career to tend to, rent to earn, and a lover to keep. I’ll text you if I need your medical input on a case.”
He awoke hot hours later. His back was covered in sweat but he didn’t make a twitch of effort to move away because along with the heat was John’s cock. It was thick, full, and wedged right between Sherlock’s welcoming buttocks. Sherlock closed his eyes and enjoyed the sensation, a small smile curving his lips. He lay there in John’s arms and dreamed about being penetrated by it, wondering how different it would feel than his own fingers if it would hurt if John just pushed it in, or if they might have the patience to open Sherlock slowly. He wanted both. He wanted the tearing pain of entry to permanently embed itself in his mind palace as
“The kind who doesn’t care if the psychopath in front of him is female or not.” Sherlock’s fists were up and with Queensbury flair, Sherlock used his long arm to his advantage and punched Mary right in the face.
. He was vulnerable, though there was a way to secure his safety, he couldn’t ask it of John, or anyone. He had one more year on this plane and then he would have to return to
“I just woke up and I want to go back to bed again,” John yawned, “At least I’m still in my pyjamas.”
, so he didn’t see how she had room to poke fun about the person she knew full well he’d mourned endlessly. John’s already frayed patience snapped. “You can ask Doctor Sarah Sawyer about that one. That happened on our first date, and fine, I’ll go see him tomorrow.”
, I will have no choice but to use that bit of video I took at the celebration quiz night at the pub. You remember that one, Sally? You begged me to delete it, but I didn’t. I have a blog, and I’m not afraid to throw you right under the bus if that’s what you make me do.”
Challenging your flatmate to eggnog shots followed by matching shots of straight rum probably hadn’t been a good idea, especially since they’d spent the entire evening celebrating Christmas with all their friends. Spirits had been liberally offered, and now that everyone was gone, only John and Sherlock remained to continue with the party. They’d been playing some kind of card game. Sherlock didn’t recall all the rules.
“Married! Wonderful! Sherlock has been so lost without you, our John, this is the best Christmas news ever. Hullo, our John, I’m Sieger.”
.” The promise sounded like a threat but John was more aroused than he’d ever felt and he knew his words were a dare, just like Sherlock’s were. He’d never felt so alive nor so brilliantly happy. His cock felt like it was about to explode, and he dragged Sherlock up for another deep searing kiss. “I love you, Sherlock. I’m going to fuck you better than anyone ever has before.”
To her credit, Harry looked abashed. John knew for a fact that Clara was firmly single, patiently waiting for her ex-wife to get her shit together, and Harry knew it. Penitent, she said, “I get it, I understand. Sherlock probably wasn’t really on board with having you right there again, everything considered, but that still doesn’t help me understand this Danny bloke. I can’t see me encouraging an ex-girlfriend of Clara’s to move in with her, so what’s the deal with this man? There’s something more going on there.”
. As for why you’ve never heard of him, I don’t recall our agreement to report our lovers to one another.” He leaned in and sniffed ostentatiously, reminding John of what Danny had already pointed out. “I see that you left work nearly three hours ago, but you’re only arriving here
“I’m saying no because of what I did to you, not because you are a man, Sherlock. Give me at least that!” John felt horrid that Sherlock had even gone there, mentally. He deserved it though because he had said those words, dozens of times, “Sherlock...I’m poison to you. I’m just...look at us right now! I keep fucking up and you keep getting hurt because of it. Just...leave me behind, Sherlock. Go, live a better life.”
“You seem brilliant at it, if she were darker haired, I’d completely believe you were her biological father.” Danny looked over at Rosie who immediately reached out to him. Politely, Danny shook her tiny hand and that seemed to satisfy her. Wriggling, Rosie squirmed enough to let Sherlock know that she was ready to run around some more. They made their way slowly toward a different section of the park, not really stopping until Rosie finally grew weary a couple of hours later and wanted to sit and eat her snack. He and Danny easily chatted the time away, sitting right by one another whenever Rosie gave them a chance to be still for a few minutes. More hours trickled away, and Sherlock wasn’t bored even once. “You seemed to understand everything she needs, and she barely talks.”
“Mr Holmes,” John understood that he no longer had the right to refer to Sherlock with familiarity, “I would very much like to speak with you if you have time to spare.”
Having heard the treatment that Sherlock’s subconscious had exposed as his deepest fear, John Watson seemed more determined than ever to prove to Sherlock how devoted and gentle he could be, if given a chance. The flinches became more infrequent until they finally stopped entirely. While it was incredible to have his every need lovingly catered to by John, Sherlock was similarly desirous of an opportunity to prove his more-than-amiable feelings for his good doctor.
It became his new obsession. Listening to John wank was something that he was vaguely aware was more than a bit creepy and likely very wrong as well, but he didn’t even think about it. John had told him to
John’s eyes were red and damp with emotion and Sherlock felt something twang inside his chest. There was still fear there, certainly, and a bit of doubt too, but his memories of
selling the house that kept him nearly an hour away from Sherlock and was indeed moving himself and his daughter back in with him. Sherlock hadn’t anticipated such a shocking manoeuvre, “I suppose it is.”
John flushed a bit. A few moments reflection had provided him with a litany of assholery that he’d indulged in recently and Harry rolled her eyes, “Or stop whatever of those or all of those things if that’s how much of an arse you’ve been. Help Danny to keep Sherlock happy, but get back in there, let Sherlock see that you’re invested in him, that it matters to you that he’s doing better, feeling better. Don’t make it about
Mary did not accept his apology. She went so far as to bite her lower lip and slump her shoulders. It was artful, but John suddenly recognised the well-practised pose. She wanted him to feel bad about hurting her feelings and ignore the fact that she had deliberately trampled on his. It wasn’t the first time. In fact, Mary had used that exact same expression to get herself out of other situations one time too many and he now recognised it for the manipulation it was. Mary knew that a beta was no competition against an omega, and he couldn’t help that his body had recognised something very specific; a ripe unclaimed omega he knew was available. His basic biology wasn’t giving him a choice about that, so he had to fight back with his logical mind, and behaviour like hers wasn’t helping - quite the opposite. Mary’s choice to mock his old life severely decreased his desire to retain the life they’d envisioned together. This whole evening had been a game changer.
“And you looked delicious in them, that’s what I’m saying.” John squeezed Sherlock’s fingers gently, “I want this, Sherlock. I want to be with you, all the way with you, and I want it to be for as long as possible. You are the most amazing person in the world, there’s no one like you at all. Just knowing I’m your friend is enough to fill me with such happiness but knowing I might be able to be more fills me with such hope.” John decided to lay it all out right there, “Be with me, Sherlock, I love you more than I’ve ever loved anyone before, and I want to be with you
“Baby?” John stared at Mary, shocked even more. How out of it had he been all these months? Of course, the perfume. She wore it to mask not only her affair but her state of being. “You’re pregnant? Who’s is it?”
Sherlock’s brain ran through a quick catalogue list of the physical trauma he’d suffered, all the emotional pain that both he and John had endured, and how all of it had been a testament to the strength of the bond he’d mistakenly thought was eternal. Today had been the final bit of pressure that had shattered them.
Once they were there, all inhibitions seemed to melt away. John tasted delicious, and Sherlock wanted to sample every inch of him. It took no time at all to rid themselves of robes and pyjamas, to tumble onto Sherlock’s still rumpled bed, and indulging in a mutual exploration. Their wandering hands and mouths stoked the fire ever higher between them until John wrestled Sherlock into kneeling in front of him, arse high in the air so that John could orally debauch him a second time.
all the time? You haven’t lived there in how long now, but you’ve never once stopped calling it home. That’s pretty telling, isn’t it? Okay, no, your chances at making it up to Sherlock are dismal, but if anyone can do so, it’s you. John, buck up, find your spine, pull your testicles out from wherever you stored them and go win back your man! Sherlock has loved you for
mess, and I’ve been completely undone without you.” John helped Sherlock out of his suit jacket and sat him on the edge of his bed. The doctor then puttered around the room, scooping laundry into its basket, and once he’d located clean pyjamas, John helped Sherlock change into them and then tucked the detective under his big quilt as if he were an invalid, “Close your eyes and rest for a few minutes while I make us some tea.”
Thirteen months after their bonding, Sherlock and John stood together inside the biggest room of the Holmes manor and exchanged simple vows to love and cherish one another for as long as they both lived. Tears ran down Sherlock’s face as John put a ring on his finger, and John could not stop smiling when his omega returned the favour. They were legally married in front of everyone they cared about, one of the first hundred couples to take advantage of the new universal marriage laws now in place. “I know we didn’t need to.” Sherlock admired his ring.
“Doctor Watson insists that he has not been unfaithful, that you’ve made unsubstantiated suppositions, that there’s been a misunderstanding, and that he’s sick to death of trying to explain this.” Mycroft sounded as if he were reading off a list.
Danny’s shout was as deep and loud as Sherlock’s had been, and if it wasn’t his name that was cried, well, it hardly
was the one who was worried. I said, mate’s been to war, he can hang about the flat with his own babbie unsupervised, but he wasn’t having it. Mycroft probably doesn’t even realize we’ve left.”
Swallowing hard, John let him, allowing their fingers to tangle together. Risking everything, John glanced up for a second before staring down at the pavement in front of him. Sherlock looked serene and content. John felt like vomiting.
John hustled Sherlock out of the flat. Such was the doctor’s urgency that he placed his hand on the small of Sherlock’s back to guide him out the door. It was faster to walk there than it was to try and find a cab at this time of the evening, so the two of them briskly strode down the street with John nearly pushing Sherlock along. The warmth of his hand burned with a kind of heat Sherlock didn’t exactly recognise but he didn’t dislike it. John asked Sherlock about the experiment on the table, and one question at a time filled all the minutes they needed to get to their destination. Sherlock was almost sorry to arrive, so genial had their effortless conversation been, but John just helped Sherlock out of his greatcoat and escorted him to their usual table where a server was already waiting attentively while a proud Angelo watched from the kitchen door. John asked for his emergency order of toast and accepted two menus, “I already know what I want.” Sherlock meant John, but tortellini would do in his stead as a meal.
John trailed in after him, “Turn me off? Are you insane? You’re the sexiest person I’ve ever seen, Sherlock, your arse is just…wow, and your hair, oh my god, the way your skin looks so pale but your scars are like stories, and I just…I…I, um…are you sad?” John sounded a bit muddled now.
Lestrade leaned in, “What’s happened?” Obviously, the DI wasn’t asking about what Sherlock had undergone during his absence.
“I know you do, my love, but we’ll work on that, alright?” The endearment alone demonstrated how Sherlock was so different now than before. He was assured, confident, and determined to do this. He had spoken his desire clearly using words instead of trying to get John to guess by leaving what he thought were obvious clues. “We’re both different men than we used to be, so let’s begin there. Forget how we were, we’ll never be that again, but instead, focus on who we could be. That’s what I want, John, our new
Sherlock frowned but took the cup, drinking half of it before speaking again, “Mrs Hudson. You’re doing something for her.”
Instead of dismay, Sherlock’s cheeks turned pink with pleasure, and a tiny smile hovered on his lips before he opened his laptop and began to type thunderously, “Stage one complete!” Sherlock was graciously allowing John’s comment to merely stand as a compliment to the chef and not a declaration of intent. John was grateful. The last thing he needed to do was create tension and awkwardness between them, not now, not during the holidays. “Tomorrow I am attempting bird bondage.”
himself clean was the real struggle, and John had already promised to help as much as was required. A different doctor was necessary for perspective and clarity when making treatment choices. The day went forward as so many others had, but the atmosphere wasn’t as bleak as it had been. It was still awkward because neither man had any idea how to keep moving forward with their friendship repairs. Learning to live in each other’s space again was enough of a challenge.
afraid, and though it had been inside a dream, he knew that same fear lived within him still. It would devastate John to learn of it, but Sherlock steeled himself to tell his friend the truth. Nothing but anguish would come from trying to hide or deny such a thing, their past together was already a patchwork of pain simply because they kept hiding things from one another. It was time for a new beginning.
. There, Mycroft provided a stand-alone computer upon which Sherlock downloaded everything he’d obtained so far. With some misgivings, Sherlock allowed the young man Mycroft also provided to begin working on the aggregate data, sifting and sorting through information to try and find patterns. Sherlock was sure that he could do a better job of it, but he was but one man, and if he wanted to find John, then he would need to keep doing what he was good at which was leaving no stone unturned. Danny wasn’t as comfortable with computers but since his talents lay more toward seeing links that were hidden, it wasn’t any surprise, to Sherlock at least, that Danny was the one to notice something odd, “Isn’t it weird that we have all these pins all over England but there are these huge dead-zones?”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, his face filled with scepticism, his voice rough yet cutting, “Why do you care, Watson? Go back to you the one you chose. I don’t need you. I haven’t needed you for two years, not that you care about what I went through.
,” John watched as the omega crumpled as if he’d become a puppet whose strings had been cut. Sherlock’s arms went up, demanding to be held, his posture child-like and distraught. Mycroft walked over quickly, catching the Omega before he collapsed. Sherlock was sobbing into Mycroft’s shoulder, clutching him desperately, shaking with fear. “Help me, brother, I’m not right. It’s all wrong now. My head is all messed up inside, I can’t…everything is
“That’s not all.” John took a deep breath and confessed the worst of the woman he’d planned to spend his life with, “Mary had a terrible secret. She was an assassin! She
“I mean, no one will be judging you or exacting vengeance or whatever it is that you are concerned about. Most of my family have no idea that we were involved. In fact, I can assure you, my family has no clue that you and I even lived together. Some might be passingly aware that you had a blog and that you wrote about my cases, something they’d all find horrifically boring and mundane. Most of them likely think I’ve been passed out in a drug den somewhere for the last twenty years. Me showing up sober with a boyfriend will be all they’ll be able to talk about. Trust me, my love, it will be well.”
“Do that,” urged Sherlock, “She’s not worth your time.” Sherlock stepped closer to John, but not so close that his alpha couldn’t continue fighting the enraged beta.
John worked himself into a fit, hyperventilating once again, and finally falling to his knees to press his forehead to the cold floor in an attempt to calm himself. He’d been in here for far too long already and had flushed the toilet ages ago. Sherlock knew he was done in here and was probably wondering what John could possibly be up to. Finally, he couldn’t put it off any longer though he tried. He brushed his teeth. He washed his face. His final stall was to give himself a quick wash between his legs, though he was certain it wasn’t going to be necessary. Sighing with regret for what he was about to lose, John sadly dragged himself to the bedroom.
Resolved, he drank a hot cup of tea while he dressed, carefully filling one of Rosie’s numerous travel bags with two days’ worth of necessities, and then took a taxi to Baker Street. Rosie was already upstairs, but Mrs Hudson made him come in for breakfast, which he quite welcomed. Just as he was done, John heard Molly Hooper arrive. She had taken to popping in to check on Sherlock, and since she loved Rosie dearly, to play with John’s daughter for a few minutes before she too went to work.
7:15 am – I just picked up a small press and a pound of fresh ground coffee. Text me when you wake. SH
He felt annoyed but tamped it down since Sherlock hadn’t told John to answer so he didn’t. She tried again, “Jesus, John. I thought you were off having a real life somewhere else. Why in the world are you back here with this lunatic?”
. Without further hesitation, John shed the last of his clothing and climbed onto the bed. “John. My alpha. John. Yes, I need you,
, but if you were going to list everything you would be going on for days. The more you learned about Sherlock Holmes made you aware of how much there was yet to discover about his complex personality, not that anyone got that far. He didn’t have friends, so he said because honestly, who would want to befriend someone like him?
There was very little finesse. Their hunger was erasing their skills but enough of their rational minds remained to do things right. Sherlock shivered but spread his legs wide by the time John had managed to work his first finger in, and when John began to broach with his second finger, Sherlock took to fondling himself gently. When John got to the third finger, Sherlock had to grip the sheets, his legs trembling with tension as he rocked down repeatedly to force John’s digits deeper. By the time John managed to fumble on a condom, both men were reduced to grunts rather than words, both panting heavily, and both almost insensible with need.
“Marry me, Sherlock,” John asked spontaneously, “We can’t bond, but you can make me your husband, at least.”
“Fine, Dr Frankenstein.” Danny collapsed elegantly onto the sofa, casually sprawling across the cushions, “Nice place. I have a nice place too, but due to a series of unfortunate events, I can’t access it right now. Don’t ask, it’s complicated.”
on the rolls, he was a self-made man. Sherlock couldn’t stop himself from asking, “Why a slave? You are well off and not unattractive or unintelligent. Your nurse was more than willing, I’m sure there are many others who would also be willing to satisfy whatever urges you say you need me for? Why a slave?”
“Technically.” John yawned, “I’ll let you off with a warning. Wake me next time. I mean, if we’re going to add fucking to our regular activities, I’d like to participate throughout, not that I minded waking up and finding my cock inside the hottest person I’ve ever known.”
“I wanted your gumdrop buttons in my mouth. You taste so sweet.” John could once again see the frosting he wanted so desperately, hungrily attempting to drop to his knees once more.
“John, as Rosie’s god-father, it falls to me to assist providing her with life’s necessities. If it’s a home you need, even if you decide it’s just temporary, then, of course, I will agree.” Sherlock didn’t add that he would be beyond thrilled to have John right on hand, to see and to observe once again, even if their living situation
“If you drove a bank of snow through Amsterdam, maybe.” The soldier kissed his way over Sherlock’s chest, “I must be insane.”
. Sherlock spun on his heel and headed out the door, but Mrs Hudson caught his hand in a ferocious grip, “Stay here, young man.” His legs stopped moving as she delivered her iron threaded order, “Turn around.”
Sarah was nearly shrieking now, her face an unattractive shade of pink that clashed with the orange of her hair. John felt like a small boy being scolded harshly by his mum. “But if there’s a baby…”
“You’re good at this. I’m going to lay back, get back on my cock and ride me for a while. I like how your bum looks when you’re really going at it.” Sherlock wanted to roll his eyes with contempt but didn’t dare. Instead, he straddled John as soon as his master lay back. John enjoyed touching Sherlock’s back as Sherlock moved up and down, rocking his hips to make John’s cock slip in and out faster. “Spread your knees, lean forward as far as you can.” Sherlock did as commanded and gasped when John thrust up. The shock of unanticipated pleasure made his cock twitch. John did it again and kept doing it until Sherlock was as hard as he was. “That’s it my pretty boy, I’m going to make you come so hard.”
to the Captain, excellent choice sir, we're pleased to finally be of service to you.” The auctioneer brusquely gestured to someone to deal with the transaction on the spot. The stranger paid cash, and without further ado, Sherlock was dragged off the stage, stripped of his sheet, and leg-cuffed. The small blond man scowled at the guard until he had draped the sheet back around Sherlock's shoulders instead of leaving him naked as he clearly planned. Sherlock was justifiably distressed, but not so much so that he didn't notice that the guard seemed wary and almost afraid of the Captain.
Looking back, John could see how Mary had been a perfectly timed and deliberate distraction, a heartless gambit wrung from the tatters of John’s life, all to make Sherlock Holmes suffer. Now she was dead, vanquished along with all the great evil geniuses that had plagued them, every last one of them defeated. They weren’t around any longer to scourge the consulting detective, but they didn’t need to be. John was there, picking up where they had left off, hurting Sherlock daily a thousand times over. John loathed who he’d become, and he couldn’t see a way out of it.
“Good to know,” John kissed the back of Sherlock’s neck, “This is not how I imagined things,” John sank himself deep each time he pulled out, “I imagined a lot. I never thought you’d allow me.”
“Alright.” Sherlock’s throat was raspy. He cleared it because John was staring at him. John was correct on all points. He needed
John’s fingers were trembling. His right knee felt shaky and close to giving out. He felt hot and cold. Sweat gathered at the nape of his neck, and he felt his cheeks heat. “It’s none of your business, Sherlock. Remember? We walk separate paths now.” If John hadn’t been looking right at him, he never would have seen the gutted look. Sherlock recovered but John was already shaken. “You were the one who decided we should never speak again, and I accepted that. Good day, Mr Holmes.”
know, he couldn’t leave Sherlock’s side. When they arrived at the hospital, the staff kept him close to his omega, garbing him in surgical scrubs and gloves so that he could join the surgeon in the theatre to remain next to Sherlock. Everyone knew that mated pairs healed dramatically better when they weren’t separated, and since Sherlock had a bite-mark on his neck, none of the doctors or nurses questioned John’s status as his bond-mate. The fact that he would not move away and growled ferociously at anyone who seemed to even suggest that he might leave, encouraged the medical staff to keep him where he was.
Sherlock didn’t want to think of what had happened. He was still weary, and he felt fragile, “Not now, John. Everything will come back, we’ll put it all back, and we can go from there.” He felt the need to repopulate the flat with his possessions, but it wasn’t immediate.
Sherlock scrolled through the texts and they were no better than the voicemails. John swore, insulted, belittled, and acted as
. He’d lost track right after they ran out of eggnog early on in the game. Their conversation had become intense, daring, revealing. He couldn’t recall clearly what they’d been talking about but it had seemed important at the time. They’d forgotten about playing during that conversation, especially after John’s hands began to wander, and Sherlock failed to make the slightest effort to stop them.
Sherlock realized several minutes later that he was rubbing his still firm erection against John’s arse, and his friend hadn’t made even the remotest attempt to stop him. Sherlock froze. He still had his arms wrapped tightly about John’s torso, and the soldier was gripping the edge of the kitchen counter while two abandoned cups of tea and two portions of now cold toast that were growing colder. He resumed moving slowly when he felt John press back encouragingly. He couldn’t resist. John’s body was firm and warm, and it felt natural and good to rub his cock against the seam of John’s pyjama bottoms. It was easy to tell that John didn’t wear pants beneath them because his arse cheeks pushed apart beautifully to allow Sherlock to rut between them. John was breathing hard and obviously struggling to keep himself still, his hips twitching as he subtly pushed back to meet Sherlock’s inelegant thrusts. “I don’t know what I’m doing or even why.” Sherlock gasped.
“What?” Sherlock snapped, “I don’t need to be here, I’m going. John can just continue to fuck himself and her and anyone else he feels like
John laughed, and it was a bit wet since the good doctor seemed to be a bit overwhelmed with sentiment at the moment. Sherlock decided he liked how John looked right then, damp and wobbly, but so very pleased. “Me either, Sherlock. I just…I want you.”
However, it had gotten in there, Sherlock now knew the best ways to orally pleasure his lover, his brain providing all the right information at all the right moments. John made the most astonished sounds, he begged and made reckless promises, he cried out, and his legs shook. Sherlock found his lover’s responsiveness to be a heady rush, and with a deep happy groan, did everything he could to make John’s orgasm mind-blowing.
Sherlock was shaky and weak feeling. He almost crawled back into bed and managed to cover himself with the still warm duvet even though his fingers were trembling. He couldn’t recall feeling this queasy, at least, not for years now. It was highly unpleasant and he was too ill to even attempt to do anything about it.
“I’ll miss you both dreadfully.” John’s cheeks heated at the bald statement. Sherlock never said things like that.
Sherlock caressed John’s entire body, rapturously comparing the length of their arms, the span of their legs, and every way he could manage to think of, groaning as John’s measurements consistently failed to match his. John was blown away by his obvious arousal, never in his life had he expected to find someone who got off because of the disparity in their measurements! Sherlock combed his fingers through John’s body hair with fascination, lipping at it and moaning softly. He spent a few moments kissing each nipple, moving back and forth between them until they were hard.
“John, I don’t want you going out to pay for sex, not because I lack empathy for your needs, but because I want to be the one to fulfil them.” John was completed flabbergasted. Sherlock wanted John to have sex with him? Why? “I’ve always been attracted to you, John, and more, since I’m confessing things. I find myself quite besotted, truth be told, so much so that the last few years have been an effort of endurance simply because you were threatened and I could not tolerate that fact. I did everything I could to keep you safe, and in my own way, to keep you happy. Now, I find that it is myself who is unhappy, endlessly so. I have come to an elegant realization, one that will deeply mitigate all the many problems that have become part of my everyday existence.”
“You are mine to do so but that doesn’t mean I’m going to let anyone else get away with it.” John’s jaw dropped.
“Oh,” Sherlock looks alarmed at what he is working on. “I’m going to need five minutes to stop the reaction and clean up enough to be safe. You don’t have to entertain than though. Just tell them you need to change Rosie’s diaper and disappear into the bedroom.”
“I let her have ice cream,” Sherlock confessed, now that he is no longer afraid that John will not let him stay with Rosie anymore-that ship has already sailed.
“Although, for the record, Rosie is a bit short on grandparents. She’s just got Mrs. Hudson downstairs, so if you wanted to act that role, at least for the time being, I wouldn’t object.”
“Okay,” John says with a smile. “Then I think we’ll put the nursery in your old room after all, it’s a bit larger, and then we’ll be better able to hear her when she wakes up from a nap or when we put her down at night.”
“You can’t just go off running and follow a case, your entire life is going to be nappies and blocks.”
“I’ve reached the point in my life that I am no longer sure that being a freak is so terrible. I know I would not want to be like them,” Sherlock says.
“Right then,” John says giving him a smile, and then leaning forward and giving him a peck on the lips, “I’m going back to work, you should probably stop in and let Mrs. Hudson know you haven’t been murdered pretty soon.”
“I’m a bit surprised that you’d bring this up on a day when I forgot to pick up Rosie from day care.”
Sherlock stands up, and hands her over to John, working hard to make sure that his face doesn’t show how crushed he feels at the idea of not being good enough for Rosie.
“I’m sorry. Perhaps I should have asked first. I was thinking we could make her one that was mostly milk so she couldn’t scald herself, and would take in hardly any caffeine at all, but of course you are her father, and you know best,” the woman says with a smile so kind that John forgives her, even though he would really rather not have.
“Not at all,” Sherlock says swallowing. Actually, laying like that is just about everything that he wants from life, but he’s not about to tell John that.
“For some people it is a natural state, dear, not something that they put on in order to get information from a victim of a crime,” his mother scolds. “How are you, dear?”
“She was lovely to me,” John says, at Sherlock’s falling face he adds, “That doesn’t make anything that you said less valid Sherlock. It’s painfully common for someone to treat their kids differently than they treat other people. And we get to set out own pace for things. It doesn’t matter how fast your mum thinks our relationship should move, all that matters is the pace that we need to be moving at.”
“So, how would it work with the rooms if I moved in?” John says two nights later. They are in a taxi ride going back to Baker’s Street. Sherlock is pretty sure that a big reason that John is considering this is his dread of dealing with retrieving a rather exhausted Rosie from Mrs. Hudson.
“Rosie is actually John’s daughter,” Sherlock says. “I’m actually pretty new to her life. Well, that’s not quite true. I was named her godfather when she was born.”
Rosie’s head pokes out from a small tent in the corner, and then it pokes back in. Sherlock’s heart clenches within him. She doesn’t want him, she’d rather stay here. And who was he to take her away from what she wanted?
“Of course,” John says, giving him a wide grin. “Okay, we’re doing this then, unless you want to back out?”
He swipes at it a few times with a napkin, but quickly gives up taking her home to give her a proper bath. She gets sleepy afterword. Of course he should keep her up long enough to give her a proper meal but he’s pretty sure that would just result in her falling asleep in her food, and needing another bath, thus delaying the much needed nap.
“Not really, I just made her cry, because I forgot toddlers don’t understand time besides things like ‘later’ or ‘after this that’.”
“Well, I don’t want you to be around damp, dangerous air either,” John says with a worried look on his face.
John and Sherlock stay as far apart as they are able while still having Rosie in reach of both of them. John runs his fingers through his daughter’s hair while Sherlock rubs her belly, and the little girl makes a few sniffles and whines before falling back to sleep.
“I was talking it slow, because I thought that’s what you wanted. So, just tell me how far you want this to go?”
“You can’t blame him, can you? You are living together, after all. Have you thought about marriage? Or about the possibility of having more children?” his mother asks.
John tries to move away from her, but when she whimpers in her sleep, he scoots back. It hurts Sherlock that John can’t even stand being this close to him for a short while, when it is for his daughter’s comfort. It makes it so Sherlock can’t even enjoy the proximity; it feels too much like taking something that John doesn’t want to give. He waits until Rosie has shifted into deeper sleep, and then he slowly rolls out of the bed and stands.
Sherlock nods, although he is alarmed that there is actually going to be an expectation of eating something tonight. Usually John does most of the talking on their dates, because they are often quite content to sit down next to one another in companionable silence. Now it is more like a nervous silence as John fidgets. Sherlock ponders why he’s nervous, and then suddenly he realizes.
The sugar hits Rosie at four pm, which is only a bit before John comes home. Sherlock is frantic to cover up how poorly he did, and so he walks her down to the park. It ends with him expending far more energy than she does, and he’s dead on his feet by the time he carries her back up the stairs of Baker’s Street.
“Yeah, I’m not sure how much help this would be at a crime scene, actually,” John says with a chuckle.
“Yes,” John says, moving into the kitchen to make the tea. The kettle needs filling, and so he puts his daughter down in order to do it. She clings to his foot.
John gives his hand a reassuring squeeze before withdrawing his hand in order to go back to eating his dinner. “Maybe we can help some kid get to that point in their life without having to go through all the other stuff first.”
Sherlock seamed really surprised by the answer, and John leaves Sherlock grinning as John walks out of the flat.
Sherlock nodded, “Angelo was so excited, so surprised when I told him I was going to bring a date by.”
“I wouldn’t be moving back to Baker’s Street if I didn’t want you around. But you might like having somewhere to meet with clients from time to time.”
“She didn’t eat her lunch, and then I took her to the park to burn off all of her energy, and that’s why she’s fussy, and... I couldn’t even keep to her schedule for one day.”
“I do,” Sherlock says, “But I understand that the two of you have your own lives, and I would never ask you to do anything to change them. I know this flat is no place to raise a child.”
“I want you to know that you can change your mind about all of this at any point. Taking care of a kid is an enormous job. So, if there is a point where you don’t want to devote so much time to it we can always find another solution.”
John brings him over the edge, and then John takes care of himself as well. “Thank you,” Sherlock says, resting his head against John’s.
“You’re good with her,” Mrs. Holmes repeats with a smile at her son. Sherlock squirms in his seat, clearly not sure what to do with the praise.
She bolts out of the tent and latches herself onto Sherlock’s legs. He scoops her up and leaves without looking at the worker’s eyes, which he is sure is judging.
“I’m sorry John,” Sherlock says, “I fell asleep. I was certain that I’d set the alarm, but clearly I didn’t.”
Sherlock creeps up the stairs and crawls into John’s bed. It’s something that he has started doing far more often, although he still feels like he is going to be rejected every day.
“Well, sort of. Sherlock’s bedroom is down there, and his experiments. He uses the living room to meet with clients, but he still spends most of his time up here,” John says.
“Hello, Mr. Holmes!” one worker greets him standing up from the floor and placing the child from her lap on the floor. “Rosie, it’s time to go home!” the worker calls.
Sherlock looks alarmed when he pulls away. “I wasn’t really planning on telling my parents about our relationship,” he says.
“No, maybe you’re a reverse Silo, since you’ve already had your baby with a woman,” Sherlock says, but John notices that his grip was tighter on John’s shirt.
Rosie cries when the librarian must take the book out of her hand in order to scan it in, but overjoyed when they hand it back to her. Sherlock reads the book to her in the taxi, and he can already tell that it is going to be far from the last time that he is going to read it to her. Honestly, he probably should have just went to the store and bought it for her instead of getting it from the library, but he’d underestimated how much she enjoyed it.
She’s used to sleeping practically on top of Sherlock when she was at Baker’s Street, and that worked out all right when she was only there once every week or so, and he found himself completely unable to get his fill of her, but he doesn’t exactly want to take an afternoon nap with a toddler every afternoon for the perceivable future.
“Yeah,” John says with a smile. “We never got into too many specifics about how we were going to do that before. Adoption is a bit vague, really.”
She does the little sigh in her sleep, and Sherlock’s heart is lost to her. He is going to do better. For her.
Rosie screams in the night with such intensity that Sherlock is certain that she is being murdered. If someone does come into the flat to murder Rosie, it is almost certainly his fault. He races up the stairs and meets John coming down the stairs holding his gun.
“Please, a bit of damp is far from the most dangerous thing in my life,” Sherlock says, “Besides, I’ve got some experiments down there already that I really don’t want to move.”
Rose grins as if she’s won some victory in tricking them to let her stay up later, even though it is only two in the afternoon.
Sherlock nods. Then he looks down at his feet, “You know John, you wouldn’t have to put Rosie in day care anymore.”
Then she had a proper meltdown-at a park, in front of a very judgmental mommy and me group full of parents who had kids far younger than Rosie. Sherlock plopped down on the Earth next to her in one of his dramatic moods, and she moves over to snuggle him.
“Right, you can recommend things for me to read,” John says, “And we can discuss parenting methods, because I would never want to do anything that could be considered that to our kids.”
“Tea! Rosie tea?” his clever daughter asks hoping up and down. Well, no matter what John thinks, it is now too late. His daughter has decided that she is going to be getting tea.
“So, let’s go with this for a plan. Give me a bit of time to educate myself, then we’ll have a wedding, and then we’ll look into brining home a little sister or brother for Rosie? Sound good?”
John almost misses the slight shake in his hand, but he catches the hand quickly, and stares at it in confusion for a second before he asks, “You really want to take care of a toddler all day every single day?”
“That’s okay Sherlock. I know that you’re not really used to structure, and you’ve done so well so far...”
“Yeah, I think it’s amazing that you want to spend all day taking care of you. I think that Rosie and I are really lucky.”
Sherlock looked panicked. His edge was still there, barely. His eyes were wide and unblinking, he barely moved. It was much like the time that he asked Sherlock to be his best man. He just stood and stared.
John was at the stove, avoiding eggs and milk that was on the body parts side of the fridge as took them out and scrambled them in a bowl. Rosie and Sherlock appeared, what he mentally called his curly haired loves, and grinned at the two of them because they were in an intense conversation.
Sherlock looked down to see her eyes closed, lashes grazing chubby cheeks. Sherlock was scared that if he sat up and tried to put her down, she would wake and he would have to start again. But when he slowly stood she didn't stir, not even when he put her down and impulsively kissed her forehead. "Alright, then, good night. Sweet dreams, little bee."
It was late, which was probably why John told the cabbie to go to Baker Street. Sherlock didn't even look like he was listening, looking almost listlessly out the window as the lights flashed across his face like they were the shadows of his thoughts as his mind was working out whatever problem he had ignored the rest of the world to solve.
“Yes,” was the first word that John had heard Sherlock speak since they left the well behind. But he didn't move.
Sherlock didn't know what he wanted with the black box. He placed his hand on it, just to know that it was real, that his friend was real. The bright boy he knew had truly existed, it wasn't just his memory messing with him again. He couldn't think of anything in particular to say, either. His father had been right, there was nothing for him to feel bad for, he couldn't necessarily apologize. He was sorry that Victor was gone, but he knew that he just missed him and for some reason saying "I'm sorry" was the most effwctive way of saying that.
"Yes, but I hate feeling things, therefore I don't think about them," Sherlock answered quickly as he made a point to not look directly at John.
"I know, but I have to try," Sherlock said, looking at John fiercely. "She's my friend, she didn't deserve to be played with like that and she definitely doesn't deserve the likes of me to love her anyways."
He particularly felt Rosie to be a positive force when she smiled at him as he walked back into the house. It still felt like Mary, was still her place in Sherlock's mind, and then the guilt resurfaced. But Rosie smiled at him, looking like she thought he was the most interesting person she had seen with her big blue eyes. It was almost like the way John had looked at him, years and years ago.
"I asked you first," Sherlock argued because he didn't want to say that he did without John saying so first.
"Sherlock, please listen to me." Sherlock slammed the kettle onto the stove. "Do you know why I was so upset that you had gone? Do you know why it took me two whole years to move on?"
"Well, yeah. I expect to be with you for a long time, we live together. It makes sense. And your parents have already taken on the role of grandparents. They'll have Uncle Mike and Aunt E."
"That's normal, for a wake and all." John thought for a moment and Sherlock was happy for the brief silence. "Are you scared of seeing his parents?"
John was silent and Sherlock was scared that he had done it again. John Watson was once again Captain Watson and he had ruined everything again and now he was going to be kicked out and ignored and alone again.
"I know you are, darling," because John was past forgiving Sherlock, he had forgiven him a long time ago.
Once they got back to the house, Rosie cried and Sherlock changed her nappy and afterwards handed her to John without meeting his eyes. "She's tired, you should get her to bed."
Sherlock sunk deeper into his coat. "No it's not," Sherlock mumbled. "I'm Sherlock Holmes. I don't get insecure."
"Solved this one in two hours," Lestrade said. "I figured if I gave him something to do it would make him happy."
Rosie was sitting up in her crib, abandoning her wails for chewing on her first as she saw Sherlock come in.
"I think it is. And I further deduce that this has been what's made you so emotional lately, why you needed to come upstairs last night."
John plated the food, Sherlock's stomach grumbling loudly as John handed him a plate. "Jesus, Sherlock, at least try to relax." Something in Sherlock's expression must've worried John further because he came around and slipped the coat off of his shoulders. Sherlock gave in, taking off his gloves and unbuttoning his dress coat. Eyes remained on John as he went to hang it up.
"That's not what I'm saying," John said gently. "You can come upstairs whenever you feel like you need to. I'm just saying that it's okay if you feel...insecure now."
John thought it was a noble cause and had to smile a little. When Sherlock reappeared, dressed and looking more Sherlock-like, John had cleared the dishes and started the washing. Sherlock silently rolled up his sleeves and started drying the dishes for him and putting them away in the cupboards. "You know you don't have to apologize to me for anything, right?"
"You're forgiven. Of course you're forgiven, I'd follow you anywhere and I'd follow you to Sherindord again. Maybe not with your brother, though."
Sherlock looked down at his hands. "Then how come I still feel like it is my fault, John?" He accused bitterly.
He stood beside the bed, not knowing what to do until John returned with a T-shirt and trousers. "These will be short on you, but they'll manage," John said with a kind smile. It only made Sherlock want to break into pieces, figuratively and literally.
Sherlock shook his head. With the combination of the two Watson's, Sherlock knew that he could at least attempt to make it through the ceremony. If he didn't have the infant squirming in his arms, he wouldn't know what else to do with them.
Sherlock closed his eyes and exhaled and felt like his head was clearing. Because it didn't smell or feel like Mary or the well or Redbeard, it was all just John and Sherlock didn't hurt as much when all he thought about was John. "Good night, John," Sherlock replied. He closed his eyes and fell asleep to the sound of His John breathing.
John briefly dared to think about offering to share his bed with Sherlock, but stamped the notion out quickly. “Alright, if you say so.”
"He's awful sensitive these days," Mrs. Hudson mused. "All of this business with his sister and Mary, bless her soul, it's all too much for him."
When Sherlock had gone into the morgue, Molly was there carrying a clipboard. She looked up and her face fell and Sherlock felt his heart clench.
"I'll solve it soon enough," Sherlock repljed before stalkjng towards the car with his hands in his pockets and his collar popped up.
Sherlock quickly turned his attention to something on the wall to his left. "Of course I do, just not in the way she wants me to."
"Because you're Sherlock Holmes." Sherlock smirked a little at that. John wasn't sure how to continue. If he should hug him, keep washing dishes, or just go retrieve the small baby that was sure to make everyone in the situation much happier.
"Here," John said as he came and undid the tie and top button on Sherlock's suit. "I know you don't like ties because you say they suffocate you. It might help."
John leaned his back against the counter. "For staying here. You can't just live at Baker Street with it in that state, you'll get a concussion from the ceiling coming down on you."
"Which is one of your good choices," Sherlock said matter of factly with a nod and Rosie tried to mimmick him by throwing her head forward, but instead just gave Sherlock a fright. "Okay, darling, I don't think you make very great choices sometimes, either."
Sherlock knew John was grinning, he had to be because it was the first time that Sherlock had said it aloud. "I love you, too."
Sherlock's bright eyes blinked at him, his face a sort of shocked happiness. John smiled at him, putting his hand over his cheek.
When John did return, he saw that the consulting detective hadn't moved. "Sherlock, come on," John urged as he started unpacking the paper containers full of the Chinese take away John had ordered.
"If you didn't like it just say so and I won't do it again," Sherlock said too quickly, like he was trying to snap at John but he was scared that it was true and he was disappointed about it.
But John was worried. There was that absence of His Sherlock. The man who only gave a kind word to those who had earned his trust, which was usually John or Molly. He hadn't asked for a case, hadn't made deductions.
"Yes. What Mycroft said, about you being ordinary? It's a lie. I know you're just as extraordinary as I am and so did Mary and so will Rosie."
"He said so much with his actions. He did get caught in a drug den after your marriage, I thought anyone would be able to connect the dots."
Sherlock smiled, huffed a small laugh as a genuine grin softened his angular features. “Then ask me again.”
Sherlock didn't truly feel like he could breath until he was snuggled underneath a comforter with John holding him to his chest.
"Because I loved you, dammit, and I couldn't let myself be happy before I lost you and then you just showed up again out of the blue like everything was supposes to go back to normal, like I was some play thing."
"Yes, but you're known to be much more experienced when it comes to the realm of emotions," Sherlock countered.
"We can do whatever you want, Sherlock," John promised. Sherlock nodded, leaning his face into John's hand. "Want to head upstairs? Just to sleep?"
Sherlock tried three times to do his tie, but each attempt ended in failure and right before Sherlock was to rip it off and tear his hair out, John came behind him and turned him away from the mirror.
Sherlock curled up on the couch, bringing his hands under his chin. "Very good," he said and John could see a small smile on his face. When John landed on a channel, Sherlock took his hand and held it loosely. John kissed the top of his hand, continuing to massage his curls and neither one of them had felt so happy and at peace in years.
John tightened his grip, one hand coming up to his head and holding gently onto his curls and Sherlock didn't know if he wanted to cry more to spontaneously combust because it hurt, but it didn't, it made him feel whole and good, but he knew that it was just momentary and that made it hurt again. "No you didn't. Rosie is safe, I'm safe, you've protected us and Mary had...she made her decision."
Sherlock had no idea how he got such an understandingly wise man to be his partner (Boyfriend? Lover? Which would John like?) but he did feel better without the tie and he smiled a little. "It does. Thank you."
That's when he started crying, at first small tears that escaped then growing into sobs that shook his shoulders and drew the attention of those who sat near them. John just held his leg, then rubbed his shoulders, then when people got up and started talking Sherlock was able to quiet himself and listen while tears were still streaming.
When John kneels down next to him, he suddenly asks a question. "When you move back in will we be keeping the same arrangement. -- five foot eight, approximately 63.5 kilos."
"I suppose you're right," Sherlock admitted. "While I'm here I can help with her. If you'd like. With Rosie, I mean."
Sherlock rolled his eyes, turning away. “Honestly, John, do you now think that whenever anything remotely bad happens I will run back to some drug den because my brother has you thinking that I'm an emotional mess?”
"And I'm especially sorry that I can't feel the same way about you. I... I can't, you see, it's not who I am and--"
Sherlock nodded because he knew that it would've been nice to see Victor grown up with a family, too.
Rosie yawned. "Oh, almost asleep, then? Pity. I'm going to be bored once you've dropped off. You are probably going to hear and read this story, but the first time I realized how amazing your father was happened the night we met. No, the night after because we technically met one day then saw the flat the next. Anyways, we were investigating, I sort of picked him up in a whirlwind and forgot him there. I wasn't used to having other people with me.
"No, thank you. Excuse me." He went back out into the living room, took his clothes from the day before, and went to change in the bathroom.
Sherlock smiled at him, looking like a small part of him had finally come back from the well. “Starving.”
"Dada," Sherlock answered in all seriousness. "Or Da for short because I know that's the way you like to say it sometimes."
Sherlock sat at the table, folding his gloved hands on the wooden surface. He felt like everything was too fragile, that he himself was too fragile. If he moved anything more, something was going to break.
Thanks for reading! Like before I'd appreciate comments to know if I'm going in a decent direction with the story
"I can't help being scared, John, it's what I do. I'm scared that people will leave so I don't get attached because I functioned fine without people then you walked in and I got attached and then it's never been the same, I'll never be the same, so it's not worth it to disappoint you."
"Okay, okay," John hushed as he pulled his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "We will do whatever you want, anything you want. Just know that I will do anything for you because I love you, okay, and I would never leave."
"We can paint it, make it a nice little nursery," John suggested. Sherlock nodded. "The theme could be bees."
Sherlock gave him a questioning look. John sat facing the telly, pulling Sherlock so that he was on his side with his head in his lap. John laced curls between his fingers, brushing through them. "Good?"
"No, which would be lovely to hear more often," Mrs. Hudson said accusingly with a light smack to his arm. "Go after him, he finds the little one soothing." So John buckled Rosie into the car seat and Sherlock helped wordlesslly.
So when Sherlock stared at him, his eyes searching for something in John's expression, his sharp cheeks softening with a faint blush, John found that he barely had the voice to continue. "Because it's fine, you know."
"And I think that you're really handsome, and for some reason you being small makes you adorable too because looking at you I can't find one word that combines those two because you're so uniquely, extraordinarily you," Sherlock rambled.
"Even when we're old and retired and there aren't cases anymore? Even when I start keeping body parts in the kitchen?"
Sherlock stirred again, opening one eye to look at John, a splash of colour on the black and white canvas. Then he smiled and John smiled back. "You always wake up so early," Sherlock mumbled as he tucked his hands under the pillow and snugfled into it.
"Sherlock, I didn't mean to scare you. I know now that you have many, many feelings to sort out right now and that I shouldn't have messed with it, but you were right. I was suggesting us being together."
"Surprisingly not okay," John replied, "but he's hanging in there, I think. Feels awful about it all."
Sherlock was missing it, however. Because he decided that chasing him through town to his home was enough of an adrenaline rush. He couldn't bear to see John hurt because of him, especially with Rosie waiting for them.
Rosie started crying and Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment. "I'm sorry, it was an accident," he said before kneeling down and gently picking up the larger pieces.
"Can't tell what's mashed up and without fingerprints or and ID we have no clue who this woman is," Lestrade explained. "Figured it'd be quicker for you to figure out than to wait for the dozens of people with relatives that look like her to come in."
John gently put his hand between Sherlock's shoulder blades, rubbing gently over the T-shirt he was wearing. "You could never disappoint me."
They kept walking, Sherlock noticeably more interested in his surroundings to John's relief. It meant that he really had snapped Sherlock out of his thoughts. John did admire his brilliance, but he saw how sometimes Sherlock’s thoughts would almost eat him alive.
John kissed Rosie’s forehead gently and patted her curling hair before finally tearing himself away. “I’ll call in the morning.”
Sherlock hung his head. "I've come to say that... I'm sorry. I truly, deeply, sincerely apologize for everything. The deductions, the rudeness, what happened last week, the whole drug thing: every wrong that I have done. I'm sorry for all of it. Everything that has happened...it taught me a few things about feelings and people. That you should never mistreat someone you care about because you never know when they're going to say they've had enough and leave.
There was a moment of silence as Mycroft checked these facts on his computer. “I see.” His tone was all the damning evidence Sherlock needed to know that he was correct in his assessment. “I’m...I’m so sorry, Sherlock.”
Sherlock was lonely. Christmas was a time for family and friends except that Sherlock’s relationship with his family was at best,
“Please, let him live. Please, please, please.” Someone was praying softly, their voice barely above a whisper, hoarse and quiet.
.” John felt like an idiot for not understanding a word she was staying but she kindly explained further, “The designer who created the shoe, and the name of the actual design.”
The next day was busy. John was a bit surprised to see that it was Mycroft coming to collect him along with Danny, Sherlock, and a small host of Mycroft’s people. The elder Holmes greeted John briefly before signalling his crew to begin before returning to the interior of the vehicle and remaining there. There was an overabundance of hands to help, at any rate. It took them only a few minutes to fit all the containers the small lorries they’d also brought, packing all the humans into the car before their short procession ended up at 221 B Baker Street. While John directed things from the street, he noticed a vehicle parked down the lane, the driver openly watching their every move.
He wasn’t wrong. An almost invisible door opened, and two cautiously moving men came through it. They were wearing body armour, and both carried stout wooden cudgels. John was still naked and was only wearing his mask. They had no weapons. All they had were their wits and no time was wasted. The moment the door closed, both men flung themselves directly at John and the man he was imprisoned with.
Right at that moment, he realized how much he absolutely adored his friend. Sherlock was so amazing, so fantastic, so captivating, John couldn’t tear his eyes off of him, “You can sit if you’re staying.”
John was genuinely amazing that Sherlock had no idea how to do a perfectly ordinary picture puzzle. “I start with the corners.”
He went around the back of the building, dug out the key that Mrs Hudson left behind the loose brick in the garden wall, let himself in, and walked up to the flat with his heart in his throat. He pushed the inner door open and stepped in only to be rocked back as a very bony fist smashed right into his nose, breaking it sharply. “You are not welcome here, Doctor Watson.” Another punch was quickly delivered, this one neatly bruising his entire right ocular region. John didn’t defend himself. He deserved it all.
It was worth it. John’s face was even more expressive than usual. Sherlock reached behind himself to hold John’s cock to slick it once more with a generous amount of saliva, place it at the most comfortable angle and sat back down. “We have lube,” panted John but Sherlock shook his head. He wanted to feel this for days, and no artificial product was going to deny him that. Sherlock let his head fall back as his hips began to move. He didn’t try anything fancy, he didn’t know how not yet. He rocked and rocked, sliding up and down a bit, gradually moving with greater assurance until he was moving fast and hard.
. Sherlock realized that he should have paid attention during the ceremony, but he’d been involved with a case at the time, so there were clearly obligations he hadn’t made note of as well as restrictions he could never complain about. John didn’t mind Sherlock
A polite knock at the door made him suspicious, and cautiously, he answered. There were four people bearing several shopping bags, and one of them was Anthea. For once, she didn’t have a mobile in her hand, but she did step around John to lead her team into the flat where they filled the shelves in the kitchen with edibles, stuffed the fridge to capacity, and hauled up a large rolling cabinet filled with medical supplies including sexual aids. John went over the heat-reducers, pain relievers, ointments, bandages, and other sundries that he wanted on hand to combat any potential medical malady that did not require instant hospitalization. He sighed when he saw the emergency contraceptives, mixing them in with Sherlock’s thick health shake so that ingesting them wouldn’t upset the omega’s delicate constitution.
John felt misgivings bubbling up. How could he get out of this? Sherlock looked...bubbly. It made John feel sick inside because he knew he was the source of Sherlock’s happiness, and it was stressful. It was just a matter of time before he did something or said something that would wipe that pleased expression off Sherlock’s face.
The line abruptly went dead, so Sherlock tossed his mobile onto the chair by his bed and stripped himself down. He felt dirty, inside and out, as if he’d been dipped in a pollutant. He needed to cleanse it off him, out of him.
They were at the door to their flat. John looked up and enjoyed the expression of contentment and satisfaction that graced Sherlock’s face. In no way was he expecting Sherlock to lean down and, with great thoroughness, kiss John until his thoughts were entirely muddled and his body was tense with expectation. “Sherlock?”
He spat out the last word with incredulity laced with pain, “Go away, John Watson. You are not wanted here.” Sherlock’s voice was thick with emotion and he seemed to be smaller than he had been. He was obviously in the beginning throes of full heat when his body would ache, and his primal needs would be overwhelming his higher intellect. If Sherlock felt threatened as well, it would seriously exacerbate the potential negative responses the omega might demonstrate during any attempts at coitus. Sherlock as famous for denying himself things that he needed, he could kill himself by refusing to let an alpha share his heat.
John’s face grows serious. “I’m really sorry that I hurt you like that. I will of course do whatever planning that you want.”
“Yeah, but I let her make the mess, and that’s kind of part of the joy of having her for just a bit. It can be all fun with her, and all clean up when she’s gone.” Sherlock deftly gets up without waking her and stands up to do the well practiced transfer of getting her to John’s arms. John is amazed at all the things that Sherlock has gotten good at in the few years that Rosie has been alive. He never pictured that Sherlock would be interested in learning how to transfer a sleeping child to someone else’s arms without waking her up, for example.
“You seem fine when you are around Rosie or me. I can’t tell if you are just masking when you are around us, and you are just as miserable as the rest of the time, or if being around us is something that actually makes you feel better.”
“Not a problem at all, Sherlock,” John says, “And for the record, I panicked plenty of times with her.”
Sherlock nods. “When I was a little kid, I always felt like she didn’t hear me, didn’t see me. She was interacting with some imaginary son that she wished I was or something. It made me feel terrible.”
“And Sherlock lives here too? Or has he moved into the downstairs flat all together? It looks a great deal cleaner up here.”
“No,” John says, shaking his head, “And it makes perfect sense that your childhood was not exactly easy with the way that you interact with people. You expect people to be mean to you, and no one reaches that point unless many people have been mean to them over time.” John reaches out his hand to touch Sherlock’s hair.
“Not as many as there should be no, but we’ve got a selection,” the women says, gathering them up for him.
“Yes, although first you are going to have to buy me a ring. I’ll buy you one too, of course, and then we can take pictures of our ring and post them on social media. I believe that is the ‘done’ thing.”
“Sherlock, I am really quite happy with you. It’s really early to be promising each other forever, but right now I just can’t picture any sort of future which doesn’t feature you proximately.”
“Right,” John agrees, “And there are some other people too that have to Daddies or two Mommies. It’s not as common, but they are out there.”
“I’m really sorry that happened to you,” John says seriously. “I promise you, I will not do that to you. You are not the first bloke I’ve been with, and you are not an experiment. I can just as easily see me ending up with a bloke as I can with a woman. I promise.”
“Oh, thank God!” John breaths out. “I was certain you’d been murdered or kidnapped. What’s wrong, are you sick?” he asks, pressing a hand to Sherlock’s forehead.
It’s better when there is a child in between them, and all they are doing is PG cuddling. It’s comfortable, and it’s made him the happiest that he’s ever been.
“Sorry for panicking, I promise I’ll do better tomorrow, and I really appreciate you giving me a second chance.”
“Rosie really likes to socialize with her friends,” Sherlock says with his face falling as he feels like his plan is falling apart.
“At least it will have someone who will try to understand it. I didn’t have that growing up,” Sherlock says looking down at the table.
“Yes,” Sherlock smiles, “I see that you have your own tea. Mummy used to do that for me when I was young as well.” He lets out a sigh. “Mummy, I am very involved in Rosie’s life. I love her with my whole heart, but you can’t get overly attached, yeah? You can’t be picturing us in a wedding gown and thinking of Rosie as your grandkid quite yet. It’s early days, and I really don’t need the pressure. John’s wife,” he glances at Rosie, “D-i-e-d less than a year ago. So if you plan on doing nothing but giving us hints and pressure I think you might as well be on your way.”
Rosie shakes her head and gets the serious look on her face that she does when she is not being understood. Rosie grabs, takes three raisins and lay them out. She points to the smallest “Rosie,” then one of the bigger scribbles “Locky” and the other, “Daddy.”
“Sorry about that, everything had been a bit…” John hesitated to try for a proper adjective. “More than we were used to.”
Sherlock climbed into the passenger seat of the car, still not saying anything or even looking at John. Then as John drove them to get Rosie, Sherlock only came in, grabbed her diaper bag, and left.
John had woken up early, a habit that he had given up breaking, to see Sherlock sleeping soundly on the opposite side of the bed. He was glad the consulting detective was still asleep, it gave him time to think. Regroup. To plan a way to start making it up to him. First was breakfast, one that John was going to make him eat like always.
Sherlock came down the stairs, heading for the living room where his trousers and shirt were instead of into the kitchen. "Sherlock?"
When John gathered enough senses to turn off the flame, he pulled out of Sherlock's grasp long enough to stop his loving rampage. "Sweetheart, what was that about?"
"I'm not scared of you. I'm not, really. I..." Sherlock didn't know what to say. How did he feel? "I blame myself for the pain that you felt. I blame myself that you were hurting badly enough to hurt me."
"Oh, thank you, Sherlock." John took a sip, the cuppa made exactly the way he liked it. "Okay, now you have to answer me honestly, okay? Do you want me?"
"Now listen, I need you to know that today I am not angry with you, alright? You were just a lad, you did nothing wrong, and I know that you wanted to find him just as badly as his mother and I did." He was still holding his hand and put his other one on top of it. "Sherlock, it wasn't your problem, lad, so don't be upset with yourself. Alright?"
"I found it very handy with dropped chemistry equiptment, although I have a special waste bin for it."
"Oh, my poor boy, today has been awful for you," she whispered. "We can take her to see her grandparents, spoil her a bit, how does that sound?"
John put the bags on the kitchen table before shedding his coat. "I'll go put this in the closet, you dig in. You're eating."
It was close to one in the morning when Sherlock got up, clutching a spare pillow tightly to his chest as he traveled up the stairs silently. John's door was closed so he knocked on it gently. When no reply came, Sherlock was preparing himself to spend the night in the dark alone and turn around when the door opened.
When John started driving to the crime scene that he had planned to visit, Sherlock felt light. He felt that If Molly could forgive him and John could, then maybe not everything could be so bad. Maybe he could find closure himself, too. At least with Redbeard and Eurus.
Sherlock asked no questions. He felt sick and listless, much like he had after detox, but did as he was told, carefully grooming himself so that his best face would be showing to the viewing public.
“Shower. Sleep. Think. Do.” Harry’s older sister voice was just as compelling as it had ever been so John tottered off to wash the day away.
. He bathed his daughter, fed her a late meal, had to bathe her a second time, and then sat with her on the sofa, his mind blank as a single sentence repeated itself.
Once more, Sherlock reached for him and John allowed himself to be pulled into the wordless omega’s embrace. Sherlock was trembling, but it stopped the moment he managed to press his nose against the skin of John’s throat. The omega relaxed once more, almost dozing in John’s arms, a contented purr rumbling through him as Sherlock began to enter a deeper stage of heat. John found himself holding Sherlock protectively, carefully cradling his thin body closely. “Mine,” he purred, snuggling as close as possible, his eyes shut, his face content and relaxed.
. John’s eyes were sparkling, and his arm was clutched tight about her shoulder so that their upper bodies were pressed together in order to fit into the shot. He was wearing the clothing he’d had on when Sherlock left 221 B Baker Street.
“Okay,” John was rattled now, unnerved by Sherlock’s rapid change and general unexpectedness, “I don’t understand.”
Flushed and damp with nervous sweat, John finally left the shop with a small discreet bag clutched in his hand. He had no idea what he was doing any longer and went back to the flat to put the new garter set in with the skirt and stockings.
Sherlock smiled. Leaning forward, the detective bit his plush lower lip nervously for a moment before leaning in further to press his mouth to John’s. Both men were silent and unmoving for a very long time and they seemed to come to their senses as one. “I agree to the threesome, but only with the work. I don’t share.”
John knew he was beaten. He’d never had much willpower when Sherlock was concerned, and now, it seemed that he had none now that he knew how the man still felt about him. “I don’t want to hurt you again,” he stated unhappily, “You know I will. I’m doing it already.”
a good day, Sherlock Holmes. It’s one of the worst days. Never mind John, someone is killing off homeless people, kids mostly. Homemade drugs are being handed out for free. We found a whole group of them dead in their shelter. You used to care about your network, do you still?”
“Yes, beautiful boy, right now.” John undressed and allowed Sherlock to look at him. He was fit, heavily muscled, and aroused. Sherlock watched as John’s cock filled out and it terrified him.
“We’ll figure things out.” Sherlock was confident. Sherlock cleared his evidence board of the last case he’d worked and began to lay out Danny’s story. They used his laptop to search out images and names, printing off articles, and clues, stringing them together with coloured threads until the board was full once again. “It’s a start.” Sherlock kissed his lover, “Let’s eat. Mrs Hudson says we need
Nothing could be further from the truth, fiancée or not, John was now aware that he’d had a hole inside his heart the entire time he’d thought Sherlock was dead. That he was alive and in front of him right now was a gift, and John couldn’t stop himself from responding. The heat in his chest intensified but it didn’t hurt no matter how hot it burned, “I’m here, Sherlock, I’m here for you.” John cradled the needy omega in his arms, covering his face with tender kisses. Sherlock moaned, clinging to John in a way they’d never shared before, but it felt right. John’s inner alpha revelled in the knowledge that his omega wanted him enough to call out his name and a possessive growled rumbled from his lips, “My amazing omega. You’re the most precious thing in the world to me, my darling.” Endearments tumbled out and each one made the omega croon happily as he was gently stroked and petted.
. “Mycroft went through every channel he had access to. Apparently, one of his hobbies is to collect the acquaintance of people who are extraordinarily talented at different things. One researcher was growing panels of experimental flesh, sort of a universal donor kind of thing, I’ve got his papers already loaded onto your laptop if you want all the technical details.”
John nodded, more than willing to uncover the milky expanse of Sherlock’s perfectly tuned transport.
John felt better now that he’d put some effort into the flat. He made up a plate of finger-food that his baby enjoyed, and while he had everything out, John put together some sandwiches, wrapping them individually and storing them back in the fridge labelled with a note stating that they were there for anyone who was hungry.
Sherlock lay on his hospital bed and assessed himself. Gingerly, he tested each limb carefully and tried to sit up. The strain was universally intense and, at the moment, not possible, so Sherlock deduced that he’d be struck hard enough to render him unconscious and to over-strain his musculature in various locations, but that apart from bruising and swelling, he was essentially undamaged. He heaved a sigh of relief. He could probably get out of here after a single night of being carefully monitored. He lay there, miserable and alone for almost an hour before Mycroft rushed in looking harried, anxious, and worried, “Brother! What happened? You ran off and no one could reach you. I found the remains of your mobile on the street.”
The man was fast, John had to give him that, and strong as well. He used his body well, clearly accustomed to physical warfare and he fought without mercy. John had many years ago mastered his strengths and weaknesses, and it was easy enough to recall all his old tricks and manoeuvres to remain unharmed while wreaking havoc on his enemies. He had been a surgeon as well as a soldier, he knew all the tenderest places, the most vulnerable spots, and he exploited every memory he had to bring his opponent down fast despite the man being armed. His neighbour was only a few seconds behind him, felling the second man with a rather nasty looking jab to the throat. The man collapsed gasping and didn’t get up.
alpha? Am I in heat, causing you to be addled in the head? No? Then shut up and operate your vehicle! I am not
For most of his life, John had enjoyed the rumours about his package, about how big it must be, how good it would feel, and how enviable it was. He loved the rumours because they distracted him from the truth. He looked at it and grimaced. His prick only needed to be held with two fingers, not because it was cold, but because there was practically nothing to it. It was John’s greatest failing and laughably, his biggest secret. At a minuscule 8 cm, it could barely be called a cock. He hated it.
