“Well we noticed you were worried for the past few weeks,” Jack started, “and you always make us laugh so we thought we could make you laugh for once.” Belphie finished. “We have pie” “2 and a half” “And we are going to sing.” “Very badly.” “It was papa’s idea.”
“It was because you like him, and you are emotionally constipated.” At Krissy’s wide eyes turned on him, Jacob added. “Come on. I know this whole biker chick look and I proudly will say that I was once a biker chick too. I know the whole leather jacket to cover feelings crap. I did the same when my mom was stabbed right in front of me. The whole time she was in coma, I went through this phase. Now she is better and so am I.”
“Anyway, we’re happy for you guys and congratulations.” Cas said. “It’s 6 am now. Don’t you have to go back?”
They reached the hotel and Cas waited in the car, but at Dean’s gaze he exited the car and waited in the main hall as Dean went to change in the bathroom.
Castiel was shocked to hear what Jack had just confided. Belphie had already told him that Clark was taking Jack to the aquarium, as a date. Jack was such a sneak, yet an oblivious child. Castiel held in a chuckle as he replied, “I believe it is wrong to do that Jack. What if Harper gains feelings for you, and then tells you that she likes you? You would feel guilty later that you had broken her heart. And Clark. If the reason he is taking you to the aquarium is what you think it is, then that means he is trying to be a good friend. How would you feel if you were trying to be a good friend, but the person deceives you? Think about it Jack. At the end, its your decision. Are you ok with deceiving people for your own good or not?”
“I don’t know Bobby.” Dean shrugged. They spoke as they ate, more like taunted Sam, and returned to their rooms. Dean slept with thoughts about how to go on with Cas and Angel.
“No. It’s fine, just let me.” Bobby said and after a beat said. “I became a Warrior after my wife was possessed. By a vengeful spirit and killed her.” He took a stuttered breath and said, “I had to find the bones of the ghost that was possessing my wife and get rid of it. When the ghost left, the only thing left was my wife’s dead body.” There was silence and then Bobby continued. “Anyway, now I am a Men of Letter and an uncle to two boys, and caretaker of these three idjits.” Everyone laughed at that while Angel got up and whispered to Bobby. Bobby smiled at him and pushed him, “Sit back ya idjit.”
He heard someone giggle, maybe a snigger. Poor Cassie. He went down the stairs to hear the bed creak. Cas didn’t sleep. Gabe turned to find Cas kneeling over two kids, whose hands were over their head, like they were pinned down. What the hell was going on? And that question was answered when his baby brother leaned down and kissed the two at the same time.
Sam glared at him and said, “After 1 year of friendship, we have been dating for almost 2 years now. I met her in class and was shocked. She didn’t tell me because she wanted to surprise me.”
“So, we have various flavors. As it is a 3-layered cake, you can either choose 3 different flavors, or have them all the same flavor. I will leave you with Gabe. He is the baker, and also one of the wedding planners. He knows everything about your wedding planning progress, so if you want to ask anything, you can ask Gabe too. Today you will be assisted by Gabe. So, bye.”
“Yeah. As soon as Sam told us about Jess, Jo got us flight tickets and told Sam to pick us up from the airport.” Bobby replied.
“Woah! Woah! Woah! Stop it right there!” Dean exclaimed as Cas started walking. “I don’t want you doing whatever you were doing before.”
Charlie was suddenly in her view, her eyes radiating concern. "Jo I need you to calm down. Please!" She slid her hands over Jo's cheeks and pulled her nose to her neck, trying to calm Jo down with her scent.
“Sonny died, due to a heart attack. 2 years after you… yeah. Kelly ran away with Nick, thinking her parents wouldn’t accept her relationship due to the rumors. And also, when they started dating, Kelly was 16, a minor.”
“Auntie Meg! You will not believe what we found.” Belphie said, throwing the journal at the general vicinity of where Meg was standing.
“I forget you are just 11 months old and not 16 like us.” Meg said, and a beat later, “So, angel, wanna cross that out?”
“Sammy! My meeting was over in half an hour. What are you doing here alone? Shouldn’t you be back by now?” Dean asked.
"We are doing this." Gabe stated to himself before looking up at everyone with a hysterical smile. "Oh my god we are doing this! "
“8!” Sam and Eileen walked to the dance area too, but everyone was drunk to realize they were holding hands.
Others unmuted and reassured her saying they were here now. After consoling and calming Amelia down, everyone congratulated Dean and Cas and wished them the best of luck. Secrets were out and everyone was delighted.
“Damn, she is going to get hit on a lot when she grows up.” Jo commented, holding Mary, who giggled at the comment.
“I was telling Castiel about the garden nearby, that had a beehive. Castielle heard the word bee and started talking about them, and of course Castiel joined her.” She said, looking at the two with an amused, fond smile.
Psychic watched from outside as Lori and her dad fought, consequently Rev. Sorensen leave the room and Lori storm outside and sit down on the bench near him. “I saw you from upstairs, and in my room last night in the sorority. What are you doing here?”
“Shut up, Bitch. And yeah, I think it would be alright. Right? Do we have anything to do?” Sam shook his head no. “I will just tell Ben about it, and he can tell his mom about it. Now I am gonna take a shower. Bye Sammy!” Dean said as he ruffled Sam’s hair.
Castielle was sick. She didn’t know what to make of this weird unpleasant feeling that twisted deep in her gut. She wished Sam were here. She would have been able to answer what this meant. Why she had tears threatening to fall from her eyes, why her stomach aches even though she isn’t hungry or in need to relieve herself. If it wasn’t anything related to bad food. She knew that. If it was bad food, then Deanna should also be feeling the same. But she wasn’t.
“Yes!” Castiel clapped his hands together, then set them to his sides. “Yes. A religious thing. So, if you’d excuse me.” Castiel tried to move away but Sam held him.
The phone gave off a series of gasps then a cacophony of congratulations. “Is this why you have not been coming for work Cassie?” Gabe asked.
“Happy birthday bitch!” Charlie ran to Dean, almost jumping on him, but stopped when he raised a box of chocolates.
Cas was cute. Her innocence mingled with her wide blue eyes, was endearing. And when she ganked those evil sons of a bitches, she was downright hot. She did try flirting with Castielle but her adorkable, nerdy gal in the trench coat was too oblivious to understand that she was being hit on. How one could be both hot and cute, and sometimes at the same time? No one knew.
Krissy then got up, kissed Dean on the cheek and said, “You’re alright for an old guy” then went to her room.
That was true. Cas had suddenly gotten a call to do a photo shoot job in London in 2 days. Turns out the company’s photographer had suddenly fallen sick, so Cas had to jump in. He had left one hour late because of that and was in his formal attire – tan trench coat with a suit. And it was a good thing he got his coat because it was freezing like hell, even for 12 pm.
"Look I don't trust you," Gabe started after Ellen was caught up on what happened and Dean was passed out, according to Ellen, "but you got me to talk with my brother and you care about him for some reason which gives you brownie points."
“Dee. Are you ticklish?” Cas asked, disbelief covering his face. Cas went to poke Dee again, when she yelled ‘NO’ and tried to run away, but Cas tackled her, a mischievous grin dawning on his face.
Similarly, Deanna was just like Dean. Except, since Samantha's journey to Hell, Deanna decided maybe she should figure out who she really is. Without Mom and Sammy, she asked herself who she really is. Strip herself out of her Mom's leather jacket, and Sammy's amulet, who is she. She is... she didn’t know. So, the one year with Lisle was not only her keeping a promise to Sammy, it was her year of finding who she was.
“Papa, its Belphie. Nougat-boy here ate a lot of nougat, and his teeth are hurting. The nurse checked and saw that Jack’s got cavities. I went with him to the nurse’s room.” Belphie then spoke in a hushed voice. “I heard that they put injection on Jack, and you know how he is around needles. He needs me or you, so I have been excused too.”  There was another round of rustling on the other side.
“Shut your eyes honey.” Cas addressed the man crouching near a fallen man with a kiss in his direction then looked at the vampires. “Bye fangs!” Cas smirked then smote them with energy blasts from his body. “Open em now.” Cas said to the man who was closing his eyes voluntarily, unlike the fallen man, as Cas was standing near a table in the barn. Castiel realized the fallen man was hurt and so started moving towards him, to heal him.
And there was Dean. He either sings or talks about singing. About rhythm, beat, pitch, but we didn’t understand anything. Any school event, Dean was the one who sang the national anthem. If teachers want the class to be quiet, they ask Dean to sing. His voice can get even a crying baby to quiet down.
Krissy too was confused. Belphie had brought her friends, family, shelter, food, everything. She liked Belphie but did he like her back was the million-dollar question. Their interaction was still a little stunted, but it had a great improvement since the beginning. She didn’t have to force the casualness in her tone, but she still felt uncomfortable around Belphie, not knowing what to do. And that stupid had now started calling her ‘Kris’ and her brain halted whenever he called her that. It was stupid. He was stupid. Belphie made her feel stupid. She seriously didn’t know what was happening.
Adam had gotten over his panic over his sudden realization of his feelings for Alfie. Sure, he was having trouble with touching Alfie, but now he was fine with Alfie touching him. Adam wanted to make himself comfortable with touching Alfie, so he started making moves on him. The thing was, he didn’t know how to, so he asked the one person he knew, who flirts with everything that walked and breathed.
“Hey Sam.” Bobby said rubbing his head in frustration as he turned towards him. He put his baseball cap on and then asked, “Gonna introduce us?”
Hearing the commotion, Jack, Clark, and Claire came to find Sam and Mary sitting on what used to be the Grim Reaper. Jack went to get Mary and check whether she was okay, and Clark followed him. Sam tried to get up, holding the banister nearby, but ended up tipping a flower vase nearby, getting the black paper wet.
Castiel is a proud papa of twins Jack and Belphegor. The two are starting middle school and find friendship in a teacher. Others want to pursue friendship with the two, causing trouble between the twins.
Cas did as he was asked. Dean felt his balls bounce at the sharp snaps of Cas’ hips. He didn’t know why but that made him more horny. He started moving back to Cas, getting his balls to swing more erratically.
“I was thinking we shouldn’t lie about the duration. Try to keep it as much to the truth so we won’t have to lie a lot.” Sam said.
“That’s right angel.” Meg said. “When you helped us end our suffering, you were a little selfish Cassie. You wished we were with you.”
“Oh yeah! That’s what dad told you.” At Sam’s confused and curious face Dean added, “I was in a boys’ home to help young men avoid jail.” He ignored everyone’s ‘what’ and continued. “Sammy was sick one day, and I had cooked dinner, and went to buy some medicine for him. I came back to find dad drunk off his ass, with dinner empty. So, I had went to get some dinner for Sammy.” He avoided the part where dad yelled and beat him, making him run away. Dad already had a bad name amongst them, he didn’t want to corrupt it more. “I had spent the money we had on medicines, so I tried to steal food, but got caught by a cop. Judge wasn’t available, the Deputy said I was too young for County, and when dad called and found out what had happened, he…” Dean didn’t know whether to tell them what dad had said.
Belphie and Jack reached school and met up with their friends Adam and Alfie (real name Samandriel but preferred Alfie), who Belphie always said were crushing on each other, but Jack always argued that he didn’t think so
Gabe and Balth were hugging each other, crying as Meg and Cas paid their last respects and disposed of the remains of Grim-Nook Family.
“Firstly, this is a stupid game, you started ‘cause you were bored. And secondly, hey! This has nothing to do with my species.” A silence ensued.
“Right. You guys rest, I will get the location as soon as I can.” Bobby said moving to the room near the library, or as Dean calls it, Research Lair.
“Long story short, we went to the flower beds first where there was a key.” Dean said. “I wonder how many keys were buried.”
“Sammy’s here!” Dean yelled from the living room. “And Mary and Eileen are here too.” Cas was able to hear Mary shriek from the living room.
Everyone saw the man and gasped. Dean, Eileen, and Jo followed her lead gasping, while Cas looked confused. The werewolves and vampires moved into the store more consoling the startled customers, and Sam just stood in the corner, smiling at the scene that was happening before him.
“These time limited spells have extra magic bounding them. If we use the reverse spell now, there might be complications, and maybe Dean and Cas will get stuck there forever. Do you want to risk that? An before you go asking why I care, I don’t. I don’t want you on my ass later, hunting me down because I didn’t do the spell right.”
“Dad says the same thing every time you guys have this fight.” Belphie added and the two laughed, not noticing Dean and Cas stand in shock.
“Yeah, I wanted to get marry at the same time our baby’s born, you know, so it could be our happy month.” Jess said, rubbing her belly that had a small bump, big for one month though.
Dean felt Cas maneuvering his legs and bob his head energetically, causing his balls to move. “CAA-AA-SS!” Dean felt a familiar warmth pool in his stomach. “Can’t hold, UNGH, longe- aaH.”
“It’s him.” Eileen said, pointing to the new student. Sam turned right when Mr. Shurley said, “Class meet Castiel.”
It was almost 2 in the afternoon when everyone except Dean went to their place. Dean had brought some stuff from his room, as per Cas’ demand after their 15
Dean looked at me with worry before asking. “Why are you sweating so much? What did anyone do to you now?” I gently shoved Sam, Gabe, and Charlie’s restrain on me, as it felt confining.
“No Gabriel.” Cas said as he got up, holding his head, “I was 15 years old… You guys were happy with mom and dad. After I came, you have no one. I am cursed… and I deserve to die.” He took a deep breath. “Anyways, I have to finish the journal entry. There is another case happening in Ohio… Spirit of a Reverend posing as an Angel.” Cas said. “You can go to Indiana or to Ohio… your choice. I on the other hand, I am going to finish those entries.”
“No. I saw the words ‘HSS Law’ and ‘You have been accepted!’ then ran to your room to tell you.” He addressed Dean.
“Exactly. I am not going to punch you.” Dean said to Sam, who huffed annoyed. “We are good ok. For real, we are good.”
Dinner was annoying, to say the least. Dean and Castielle couldn’t help but notice how lovey-dovey Deanna and Castiel were. The way they moved around the kitchen, like they had been cooking and serving together for years, or the way they sat together, almost on each other’s laps, speaking in hushed voices and giggling. It was annoying.
“If we were not meant to be together, then why? Why did we have to meet?” Dean asked. “And look at you, because of me, you’re also in this state…” Dean said, taking a stuttered breath to stop himself from crying again.
“Oh really?” Cas said, raising his eyebrows at the tomato sitting near him. “And he has been doing this all the time?”
“Belphie, I need you to calm down.” Charlie said. Dean couldn’t say anything because he agreed with Belphie. Jack was innocent and naïve. If Clark had tried to hide his budding friendship with Jack from Belphie, then what was he doing? “Look,” Charlie said, getting Dean out of his thoughts, “I understand Jack is in touch with his young self, but that doesn’t make him stupid. He knows what he is doing. I understand you want to protect him from getting hurt, but that is not your responsibility. Yes, you are the older one, but Jack should be allowed to make his own decisions too. What do you say?” Charlie turned to Dean, asking him to agree with her, but he couldn’t. Jack didn’t know shit about the world around him. He was a baby. Before Dean could say something, Belphie said.
“I’m… getting married.” Dean said casually, without looking up from the quiz he was correcting. When he starts correcting, he doesn’t stop until he finishes.
“He’s come all the way from Australia.” Sam said. “Can’t you at least talk with him? Instead of acting like a kid.”
“Guys. Get to your car and leave as soon as possible.” Psychic said to the gang, who nodded and followed the orders quickly. Psychic turned to find Hunter near the door, and a purple light almost fill the shop. “Get back!” Psychic exclaimed as he ran to get Hunter back.
It was the Wednesday of the last week of September. Castiel had gone to the venue of the DeVille-Michaels wedding, to talk with the manager about the final arrangements. The to-be husbands wanted a Halloween Marriage on October 31
“You know,” Sam started as Benny and Dean left to post flyers about the auction, “I never see Castiel during lunch. Whenever I try to invite him for lunch, something or the other happens and I forget to ask him.”
“Weak. Well Cas lets go.” Cas followed as usual, trying to understand human behavior and what is considered as fun activities.
The first recorded Fighter was Cain. He was nicknamed as the Father of Murder. His Mark on his arm was named after him – The Mark of Cain. An upside-down ‘L’ with two comma-like marks to the left of it. His powers came from his Mark and he used a jawbone of a donkey as his weapon. He was the deadliest fighter of the 17
“Well then,” Rowena clapped her hands, “I say we put an end to this dramatic day and go back to our home?”
“About that,” Clark, rubbing the back of his neck, said, “Belphie doesn’t like me. I have seen him glare at me every time I talk with you, so I don’t talk with you when Belphie is there.”
“Come on love.” Zar sighed but didn’t stop walking. “You just saw your love after what? 3 years?” Cas nodded. “And I have been there the whole time to see you put half your pieces back together. Today might be a day you get full closure and get to work to rebuild yourself again.” They stopped at the signal as they saw Dean bobbing his head presumably to the music oozing from his headphones. “Worst thing that can happen is him forgetting you. But don’t worry,” Zar bumped their shoulders together as they took the left Dean had taken, and the coming right. “I’ll be there for you like last time. Bros stick together Cassie. Just like you did after my disappointing ménage a …. What’s the French word for 12?”
He knew what feeling this was, but he didn’t want to admit it to himself. He was really happy that Kris had friends other than people she lives with. He really did. And that was what he should be, happy.
“I… I said something horrible.” Everyone looked at him expectantly, “I told him I would do better without him. I called him horrible things.” Sam retracted his hand from Eileen’s grip and buried himself in it.
“No clothes.” Hunter said. He waited for Angel to say something but there was no response. “Angel? Anything?”
“Shut up, Claire. Just, talk with Kaia about pranking Belphie, and I,” Clark flapped his hoodie, “will get his attention.”
“Hello there darling. Might I say, you are tall as a beanpole, but buff as a bear.” Angel winked at Psychic, getting him flustered.
"So you are plotting against the Kingdom." Jo stated, more like snarled, as she reached for her knife.
“Where is your mom, Claire?” Castiel asked slowly, unsure whether it was ok to ask. From the girl’s sobs, he understood something was wrong with her dad. Her mom, not so sure.
Sam Winchester is 16 years old, a junior in high school. Unlike his brother, Sam is more into academic clubs and is the leader of the Mathletes club. He too is popular in his school. One day coming back from school, he finds a guy standing in front of a convenient store, staring at the newspaper with a pensive look. Huh.
Nick?” Loki asked and Cas’ eyes widened in fear, as he turned his head everywhere, trying to find an exit. “Cassie.
Cas, now in his normal outfit, shook his head. “We need to go costume and lingerie shopping for both of us. We should also check out if we require any props. You are not going to use my children’s Halloween costume again. Mine should have some padding too.” He couldn’t believe he was doing this, but he was excited.
While Mary wasn’t here all the time, as Sam and Jess had admitted her to a school in Palo Alto itself, and Grace and Kevin went to the same La Honda school, the three hung out during weekends and became thick as thieves. Benny, Andrea, Garth, Bess, and Pamela had come to the wedding, where Dean and Cas revealed Cas’ carrier gene. Garth and Bess didn’t care, like usual, being their usual bubbly personas, while the other 3 asked questions about how it worked.
“Sorry, Dean,” Castielle said annoyed, rolling her eyes, “I am going to my room now, and getting ready for our outing.” She said, returning to her room.
“Ya Boii! What are you doing here?” Belphie, all but hollered as he came and sat on the sofa, in the same posture as Dean.
Hunter and Kat were in another hallway when they heard footsteps approaching. “Gavin!” Kat ran to Gavin, as him and Psychic came into view.
Castiel had dashed to the kitchen as he heard Sonny’s footsteps reaching the hallway, he was hiding in. He heard Sonny tell the boy who would share a room with him. “Castiel!” Sonny’s voice bellowed from the hallway. Cas grabbed a piece of bread and bit a piece off as he walked towards the sound.
“Alright! Alright now. Let’s open presents.” Dean said as he got the attention to divert from the two to the three. Krissy and Belphie stood for longer as they blushed at each other. Belphie then dragged Krissy to their room and closed the door.
“Get out of the room Gabriel.” Michael said in a sweet tone. When Gabriel didn’t move, Michael turned to Lucifer, “You take care of him. I will get him out.”
Meg rolled her eyes as Sam called on her, but still got up and left with others. They all went to the grounds and stayed in each other's company awkwardly… not knowing what to do.
Sam first thought Castiel wanted him to guide through Lebanon but then he realized that Castiel didn’t know where he was. He was finding and seeing everything in awe. This dude was really strange Sam thought of places which have not yet been developed and are poor but that didn’t make sense with how Castiel was dressed.
“Bye Kelly.” And she hung up. Cas, to be honest, wasn’t sad or anything. He was happy Kelly was having a nice time and if she was doing good, who was he to rain on her parade? He never saw or heard from her after that.
“I am sorry,” Cas started, “Didn’t you two, I don’t know, ‘make up’?” He asked with the bunny fingers. “Why are you still insulting each other?”
“Yeah, I bought it as a remembrance. And it’s a different edition too. The way the dude bangs into her.” Dean let out a chef’s kiss. “Wanna watch?”
That got Cas and Loki to whip their heads up from the book towards Bobby. A red filled Bobby’s cheek.
“N-n-no… it-t-t’s o-ok-ka-ay.” I unintelligently stuttered, trying to catch my breath and reply to Dean. I was feeling like I had run the track course 50 times consecutively with no breaks.
Cas realized maybe because of his transformation his name was hid, like his face. Cool! It would be easier to hide from Lucifer and Michael. But he still needed to be cautious. “What’s wrong? Why were you scared?”
Sam was pissed. Dean might be going back into isolating himself in his room and not come out for another 3 days. Ugh Dean had been happy all day, squabbling with him and talking with Cas. CAS! Sam knew what to do.
she thought. “So, Cas,” she started, wondering whether Cas was as oblivious as her Cas, “What do you want me to do?” Cas turned to find Deanna, with her hands pressed on the counter, her chest pushed up, and looking at him though her eyelashes.
When she came back to the bunker, Sam went straight to the kitchen. She usually found Castielle with a cup of coffee, and a disgruntled frown, but that wasn’t the case today. Maybe yesterday’s surprise had been tiring for Cas? Sam didn’t think much of it. She went to fetch herself a glass of water and went back to her room.
“Wow.” A voice, filled with admiration, said, and both twins turned to the source, Jack squinting his eyes and tilting his head, while Belphie glared at the boy who said that.
Gabe and Castiel had finished their choreography and mastering it by the second week of April. They got approval from both Balth and Meg. Now, they had to go costume and lingerie shopping, and practice in those. Balthazar and Meg had found a shop called Vampire’s Love. Gabe said he will carpool with Cas, and Balthazar and Meg will meet them there.
The planners had gotten everything done, explaining they knew how having a baby would be, and Jess and Sam were thankful. Dean had taken care of Mary while Jess and Sam took rest. Dean forgot to take care of himself, and that’s where Bobby and Ellen came into picture. Whenever Sam confronted Dean and told him to rest, he would just shrug and say he is fine. But when Bobby and Ellen took Mary from him, and kicked him to his room, Dean had no other choice than to do so.
“Turns out the spell I devised wasn’t immune to unnatural causes of death.” Rowena said. “I then used the ingredients in front of me and banished the lot that had me captured. I escaped and charmed myself with a non-tracking spell and a resurrection spell that would work even when it was of unnatural causes.” Rowena straightened her dress as she spoke, “I know the love I lost is different from the love you lost but at the end of the day, we both are suffering with pain.”
“Name’s Alex. I was kidnapped by a Vampire family and used as a blood slave and as a lure. Jody and Claire had helped me when I ran away from them out of guilt. I am now living a normal life and am doing good as a Warrior.” Psychic thanked Alex and asked for the next person. A few went before a guy stood up.
“What are you gonna do?” Haley asked, only getting a wink from Hunter, who then starts walking and yelling.
Cas heard the rumble of Baby amplified by the silence in the house as Jack, Belphie, and Krissy were doing their homework. Dean was late than usual, but Cas thought maybe he had a sudden meeting or something. Cas went to open the door before Dean knocked or ringed the bell, to talk to him about Krissy and Belphie.
Everyone shared their feelings about the situation but didn’t give him proper advice. Eileen was there the whole time, her presence making him feel calm and less guilty.
“Elriecken? Give the li- Its chicken feet, you moron. Can’t you read cursive?” Sam flinched at the high pitch. Well, time to get some chicken feet.
Cas nodded and drove them all home, wondering if Dean got the book. It was obvious from the sound effects in the last song that Dean would have understood the meaning behind it, but he wasn’t sure if Ben had given the book to Dean.
“For what it’s worth, this is hotter than both on your head.” Meg panted, her eyes darkening. Castiel got off Meg and turned to find both Gabe and Balth jaw slacked.
“Well now he is-” Dean stopped himself. “I am going to my room.” He left to his rooms. “Thank you for the burgers and pizzas, I guess.”
“Chuck was writing a story. He thought whatever he did, his initial finale would not change. When the apocalypse was averted the first time, he didn’t panic. His pompous brain believed - no KNEW - one way or another, he was going to get the ending he wanted. But he didn’t.”
Clark didn’t understand why Claire didn’t approve. She was usually his wingman. And by the way, the thought of screwing Jack didn’t even appear in his mind. He genuinely wanted to know who Jack was, and that… surprised him. Wow.
She loved being with Lisle's kid Benicia. She didn't like working a normal job though, she wanted to hunt and find where Sammy was. That's when she realised. She wanted what her mom didn't want. She wanted to get married in a hunter's life. She also found out that when she started to explore herself and gain self-awareness, she was attracted to both guys and girls, especially dark hair, and blue eyes. Finding more about herself she found more about Cas.
“2!” Dean cupped Cas’ face, getting his attention, and smiled happily. His love-filled eyes melting Cas.
“Dean.” Charlie said as Dean stuffed himself with sugared donuts. At Dean’s muffled ‘wha-?’ Charlie continued, “I think I am gonna ask Gilda to marry me.” Dean choked on his donuts. He spit them out and coughed, then calmed himself. At his ‘What?!’ Charlie elaborated, “We have been dating for 3 years and staying together for 1. I think it’s time I move my ass and ask my lady out!”
“You guys finished your drinks, right?” Sam directed to Gabe and Charlie. The two nodded. “Go out and get the car, Gabe.” Gabe nodded and left. “Charlie you are going with Dean and Cas, right?
“Okay.” Cas shrugged and gave Dean half a KitKat and ate the other half. Dean was disappointed. He thought Cas would fight for him, but his angel just ate a chocolate. Maybe he was just looking for a break from Dean, and now Dean gave him an out, Cas took it without annoyance.
“But it didn’t happen?” Dean asked, from under Cas, who was leaning over and turning the pages in the book Bobby had brought.
Silence filled the house after the door slammed behind Eliot. A beat later, Cas and Jack fell to the floor laughing, while Belphie and Dean were still glaring. Dean not being able to get out of the misinformation that Krissy had kissed her boyfriend, while Belphie, trying to digest the fact that Krissy likes someone. The laughter went on for minutes before-
“Cas? Castiel, Dean.” Sam said but Dean still looked confused. “Castiel! Our friend. The one you talked with on the phone yesterday.”
“No. I don’t deserve to be forgiven easily.” Sam said then got out of the car, and Dean followed, scared Sam would do something stupid or brash. Turns out, Sam was walking towards him. “Dean.” Sam said as he reached him. “Punch me.”
A while later everyone left, except for Sam, Gabe, Charlie, Dean and Cas. “Shall we leave?” Gabe asked after a long silence.
Jack was telling whatever he knew about the tour to Clark. He was telling him how the car stops in a place for 10 minutes, for them to relax, but it is actually to regulate the cars, so that the people before them can get off their cars. He was also telling Clark how before the doors opened to the room they start in, noting the end of the tour, the car would ask if they want a picture in the glass tunnel, and if they say yes, they could get one for free.
“Ugh, papa. Stop! I just didn’t get it, okay?” Cas chuckled and nodded, raising his hands in a ‘calm down’ motion. “Anyway, Belphie helped me with getting together with Clark, so I am going to do the same.”
They were asking how she was and how she had scared them all. Everyone was talking about what had happened and how much blood was there. Krissy laughed and answered at the proper times, but her eyes were searching for the one she wanted to talk to.
“Yes Clark, it’s papa. He is performing somewhere so he is wearing that costume. I believe he is trying to get used to it now, right papa?” Jack asked, as he entered the house. Castiel nodded at Jack.
The whole period Dean worried about Jack’s health and wondered whether he could dismiss class early and check what was wrong. The bell rang and it was lunch. Dean was about to rush to the nurse’s room, when he stopped in front of the school’s office, where the twins were talking on the phone. He gave them their privacy and had enjoyed looking at the twins shuffling the phone between them. At the end he heard, Jack yell a ‘Love you Papa’ and that made him smile fondly at the two.
“Ok, ahem, yeah ok,” Dean started trying to clear his throat, trying to rid himself from emotions, but failing to do so, “Ahem, well it was good progress for today. I… School starts tomorrow. I’ll… ahem… I’ll go get things done. Yeah. Ok, I’m going to my room.” Dean said, getting up, hugging the two, and returning to his room.
Christmas and Bachelor Party was over. Charlie and Gilda were loving the whole fantasy look Chastity had. Dean blushed through the whole dance remembering what had happened, while Sam looked disturbed at Dean’s reminiscence. The kiss had helped Kris and Bel to be more comfortable with showcasing their affection for each other in front of people. It was one day before the wedding and everyone was helping in decorating the place into Moondor. Cas found Gabe and Balthazar mopping the grass in the lawn, where the wedding was going to take place. Cas called Dean in to understand if he knows what they are doing. Being at a loss, the two went towards them.
“I love you to Deanna, I love you so much it scares me,” Castielle couldn’t stop chuckling and crying, “I love you Deanna, I love you so much.” Castielle repeated, while littering Deanna with kisses everywhere. And Deanna couldn’t help but bask in the kisses and confessions.
Cas ignored Dean’s question and rode away. Dean got annoyed and apologized internally to his Baby before vehemently shaking the gearshift. “Dean!” Cas yelled as he got the car in control.
“Of course, Claire-bear.” Castiel said, spreading his arms wide for a hug. Claire looked up to see Castiel with unshed tears in her blue pools. She flung herself onto her uncle and whispered softly, “Dad, used to call me that. You can call me that, I don’t mind.” Castiel pulled back, not disrupting the hug, as he said, “I didn’t ask but ok… Oh my god, I HAVE A NIECE!” Castiel suddenly exclaimed, jumping up, breaking the hug. “I HAVE A NIECE, I HAD A BROTHER AND SISTER, AND I HAD PARENTS! WOW.” He shouted making everyone laugh.
Castiel was driving his Lincoln Continental Mark V, bobbing his head to silence. Jack and Belphegor were sitting in the backseat. Jack was eating nougat, swinging his legs that didn’t reach the car floor, gazing out of the window and looking at trees. Belphie, on the other hand, was chewing bubblegum, slouching his shoulders and looking at his phone. Castiel loved how different the two were, for being identical twins.
As Dean calmed down, Cas added, “After that I saw you in a tux only at your wedding.” Dean’s smile diminished at that. “A burgundy one. With matching bowtie.” Dean looked at Cas, who dropped his head and took some few calming breaths. “Just like you had thought, I had come for your wedding, Dean.” Dean’s breath fastened. Cas looked up and continued, “I was standing in a corner amidst the crowd. I just couldn’t stay till the rings were exchanged.” Dean was looking at Cas with unshed tears in his eyes, the same way Cas’ eyes looked. “I ran as far away as possible from that wedding hall. And all that noise.” Cas’s tears started to roll down his cheeks. He looked away trying to compose himself.
“No problem, Ms. Braeden.” As Lisa opened the door and left the room, Dean saw Charlie making a WTF expression, clearly asking him why he didn’t hit that. Dean just shrugged and smiled at her, collecting his stuff and getting ready to leave.
It was two days to the dance. Gabe and Castiel were practicing, while Balth and Meg were doing the lights and checking the props were all packed.
“Nothing!” The brothers replied and moved away. Dean caressed Cas’ thighs while doing that, but getting no reaction from him, yet again. Before anyone could say anything, the bell rang, notifying the end of lunch.
Belphie was posing a defensive stance. Clark was 3 years elder than them, yet Belphie knew what Clark wanted. Heck, he wanted that with all the girls that talked and walked the Earth. Jack was still innocent and naïve, and as a big brother (“By two minutes, Belboy.” A voice in his mind, that sounded a lot like Jack, reminded him) he had to protect his oblivious brother from people like Clark.
Cas dressed in a blue shirt and black jeans, and mussed up his hair, remembering how that was the clothes he wore for their first date, and how Dean found Cas’ messy hair hot. It was noon when he was ready, and a knock was heard.
“Its no biggie, Cas.” Dean said shrugging it off but couldn’t help but feel as defeated as Castielle. “Hey, we’ll check out the diner kitchens tomorrow then.” He said, trying to find a silver lining to this shit situation
“Oh.” Cas breathed out. Zar’s finger on him, added to the feeling he developed when he saw the two kiss.
When Castiel felt someone calling him, he informed Gabe. The two had teleported somewhere around the place. “It’s him. He’s calling me.” Castiel said pointing to the man who was holding dress robes.
“My name’s Asa Fox. I was inspired by another Warrior, Mary Winchester, to get into this job.” Hunter and Psychic turned to look at Bobby. Mom was a Warrior? Bobby told them to wait with his looks and turned to Asa. “-she saved me from that werewolf attack. I have been given chances to become a Men of Letters, but I believe being a Warrior will be the way I will honor Mary Winchester.”  Angel thanked Asa, knowing Hunter and Psychic would need a moment and asked for the next person.
“Please exchange your rings.” This time, Jo and Gilda came front to give the rings. They were simple gold and silver rings. After the exchange, the officiator started, “I now pronounce you, husband and wife. You may kiss.” As Sam and Jess kissed, everyone cheered and clapped for the couple.
“I suppose you could say that.” Castiel nodded. “I made quite a scene when I asked my queries to the clerk. Could you perhaps help me with few concerns I have?” He turned expectant eyes at Sam.
He locked the house and started Baby to get to Cas’. After 40 minutes, he reached Cas’ just in time to get a text from Cas telling to not ring the bell because he would not hear it.
“Jerk. Anyway, we need help with deciding cake flavors. Jess and I have 5 flavors, but we want a 3-layered cake.”
The two were friends, thick as thieves… literally. The two had no family except each other and the only way they survived was stealing. Meg was always belittled by others, and Balthazar was always there for her, fighting off ‘stupid dickwads’ – his words. They had asked how Cas’ life was with a family, and he had shared his life. Realizing the 3 had messed up lives got them even closer. Meg and Zar had told him to not share about his ability to not feel, how he was born as a 15 year old, and his ability to not sleep or eat to anyone else because they would realize he is something magic and will hunt him down. Cas had said they didn’t have to worry because the only people he had access to talking with was them. They had talked about favorite color the second day they met, and other mundane things the following days. So, Cas was curious what Meg and Zar had in store for today. “Okay so what’s the topic of discussion today?” Cas asked.
“Wait what happened? Tell us!” Charlie almost yelled but was grounded by Gilda’s hand on her shoulder.
“This is why Cas,” Charlie started, “you should get married at the right time. Give us another Dreamy Eyes!” The other three chuckled as Dean turned confused.
“She is beautiful, Dean. Reminds me of Cherry.” Cas said, as Dean walked him towards the ’67 Chevy Impala.
Meg and Claire left, and after few minutes, Gabe and Balth did too. “So, papa, are you Castiel Milton now? Are we Jack and Belphie Milton?” Jack asked.
“And a disgusting asshole.” Dean growled. Cas leaned back onto Dean and kissed his cheek, which calmed him down. Cas returned to check the book out.
“Not a clue.” Bobby said. “Anyways, great job on the fight. I’ll get with others and talk about this and find something out. You two rest for tomorrow’s school.”
“You disloyal-” Lucifer started as Cas saw Gabriel pop near him and wink, dropping Kali near him, then vanishing.
It was around 4:00 or 5:00 pm when they settled back. Gabe, Sam, Charlie, and Cas sharing a table. Dorothy had some work, but they talked through video again. “What kind of photos have you taken? The light is dim in this one and there’s glare in the other.” Charlie chided Cas. “And you call yourself a photographer?” She shoved him before turning to Gabe. “Hey, is everyone here?” Charlie asked. “We have to order food.”
Dean and Sam dropped Eileen and came back to the bunker. It was dinner and they ate in companionable silence.
“Yes! Anyway, I lost 10 pounds to a fat eating monster. That inspired me to learn more about the paranormal world. What inspired me to become one of the Warriors was Jodio here decapitating a vampire.” Donna beamed proudly at Jody. “Anyway, here I am.”
Cas was never allowed outside after forming his bump because everyone was scared the company. Charlie had started calling it the Ministry of Magic, because the company was a piss poor thing that turned everyone’s gear. The name had taken off amongst the group.
“Sure, I will check the kitchen if we got snacks or something.” Cas said as he moved towards the kitchen, accidentally poking Dee in her sides, making her gasp a giggle. “What was that?”
It was around the last week of June when it happened. Cas was trying to get some snacks for their daily movie watching when Dean entered the kitchen.
Hunter teleported himself to his chill spot. In his enthusiasm he teleported himself onto the boulder’s edge, tripping over. “Ah!” He shouted as he fell but was stopped from crashing to the floor. He felt a pair of strong hands on his hips, that maneuvered him to stand on the floor, instead of falling, but the person was standing behind him.
“Hey honey,” Cas replied as he pecked Dean’s cheek and moved towards Bobby. “I couldn’t smite the spirit, but I was able to get the cursed item from the couple’s house.” Cas said as he lifted a huge canvas and placed it on the table nearby.
“If we make it out of here alive… we are so breaking up.” Gavin stared at her, while Psychic tried to restrain the laugh that was threatening to fall out. The three heard a noise around the corner and rose up. “Did you hear that?”
“Why are we stopping here? Is your home around?” Hunter asked as he looked around for a house or at least a trailer but finding none.
“Calm down Char.” Gabe chuckled. “He had to come from Australia. Thought I’d just wait till he reaches here. Not give false hope.”
Everyone was crammed in Bobby’s 7-seater pick-up truck, and on the road. Sam’s phone rang, and the caller ID was Meg. “Hello Meg.”
During dinner, Bobby noticed Dean being disturbed. Sure, he was chiding Sam, inhaling dinner, and his usual self, but Bobby, being their father – figure for a long time, can see whenever something is bugging Dean. After dinner, Sam went back to his room, getting an out from cleaning today from Bobby telling him about the group project and he needs to work, leaving Dean and Bobby in the kitchen alone.
Hannah nodded again and turned to set her phone. She then settled in her seat and found Castiel asleep. Smiling, she reached across and put on the seatbelt for him, slowly as to not wake him up. The click of the belt got Cas to wake who thanked her and went back to sleep. She smiled at him and turned to take off.
Sam took the phone from Dean, Gabe peeking over to see him. “Hey gimme it!” Charlie ordered as she was sitting opposite to the two. Cas was eager to but waited for the phone to come to him. As soon as the phone reached Charlie, Cas peeped in too.
“Then it’s settled. Hunter takes the grave while the Psychic takes the house.” Bobby said, getting up to clear the sink. “Now leave for school and good luck on the auction, Dean.”
“That’s what the pliers are for darling.” Madge said, and Cas could sense her presence move towards him. Ugh, maybe he should get back to being alive now. He felt Madge jerk his right hand out and grab his index finger. Before Madge could do anything, the doorbell rang. She put the plier down, cursing and sighing as she left, and her husband followed her, according to the two pairs of footsteps he heard. “Merry Christmas!” A voice that awfully sounded like Sam’s said.
Charlie quickly ran outside then came in a few minutes later in the same speed and punched Loki in the shoulder. “Did we just become best friends or what?” Loki smiled happily and nodded.
“Oh okay.” Charlie’s voice came through. They might have started a conference call. “Alright! You don’t keep thinking about things, go sleep.”
Next day, Bobby had given the ok to Sam for bringing the kids home. Dean had shared his idea with his teammates and coach during lunch and everyone liked it. Dean had asked Garth if he could be the commentator and he accepted. Benny, being the Running Back helped Dean and talked about how the guys would go and the start money for each guy. Coach had allocated next week Friday evening for the auction and asked the others in the team to decorate the auditorium for extra credit. Sam had asked Eileen and Castiel if they would be interested to come home for their group project. They decided to meet next week Thursday evening, after everyone has their information, so they have one week more to prepare for the final presentation.
“Ok. Follow me. You know, I was so bored without you two, that I was actually playing Go Fish with him. He is in this roo- He isn’t here.”
Before Cas could do something, two voices spoke up at the same time. “Elle” “Dee”, Castielle and Dean asked incredulously looking at the other two with disbelief marring their faces.
Dean looked out, his face turning into a scowl as he turned back to her. “What? Are you a messenger for stalkers?” Dean said in an annoyed voice. “Next time you come to me carrying such messages, my hand will be the one talking.” Dean yelled at her before leaving. The red head gave a sympathetic smile before following Dean and hissing, “That was very rude of you Dean!”
The next morning, Dean felt something was wrong. There was someone in his bed. Firstly, he doesn’t bring his hookups to the bunker, and secondly, he remembers going to bed alone. Someone was in his bed. He opened one eye and was assaulted by dark thick curls. He moved away and got to get up. Slowly and as stealthy as possible so the other person doesn’t wake up. But it seems he didn’t have to take too many precautions as the person near him was dead to the world. Kind of reminded him of Cas. Was it Cas?
“It’s okay Cas. I understand. It’s fine.” Dean gave a reassuring smile as he hugged Cas. He didn’t know where he got the confidence to do so, but it was nice feeling Cas’ hands wrap around him. The two stayed that way for a while before Cas spoke out.
Dean always fed him food whenever he ate something he loved as a reflex. Cas had eaten them without any problems, all the while enjoying how Dean basked in the feel of the food. Always there for him, taking care of him. There were times when Cas would ask for something, and Dean would get him something better. It didn’t always happen but the times it happened, Rowena found it annoying, saying Dean didn’t allow Cas to do what he wanted but Cas loved it. It wasn’t like Dean was stopping Cas from doing what he wanted, he added onto it. For example, when he wanted to read Harry Potter, Dean had got him the Hobbit series saying it was better. But he didn’t banned Cas from reading Harry Potter or anything. Before Cas left, Dean brought the Harry Potter books and gave it to him. Even though he stressed that Hobbit was better, Dean still got him the Harry Potter books, saying he could maybe read it at night.
“Mom?” Loki said as he took the book. It had a picture of their mom in black and white, her biography written nearby.
“But I do now Dean.” Cas said, slipping his hand into Dean’s and interlinking their fingers. “Now I do.” He said earnestly, looking into those green orbs.
“Bye guys! And next time we meet, I hope to see Bucky too!” Loki said as he reached for a microphone. “10 minutes to closing people!”
"Well I regret to inform you this, but my brother’s are the ones who staged this kidnapping." Cas said to Claire. "And they intend to replace your dad with me in the Terranian palace."
“Yes, Dean. The university is a Stanford center in Japan. It’s to get us mingle with other nationalities and see if we can adapt to unknown places.”
“You know what they say?” Rowena asked opening her eyes. “Nothing heals old wounds like opening fresh ones.” Rowena pulled her hand out of her jacket pocket and hurled magic at Cat, causing her to go flying into a mirror hanging behind her and breaking it. Glass shards littered the ground around her.
“I actually didn’t steal the PB&J for me. It was for my brother.” Dean didn’t know why he was telling this to someone he had just met, but he knew there was something here. His feet moved on their own to where Cas was. He was still turned, facing the window. “This is a nice room.”
“It’s fine. Thank you for asking. You are so nice. I don’t understand why Belphie doesn’t want me to be friends with you. Also thank you for calming me down in class that day. Belphie insistently asking me what’s wrong was a little irritating. But you told me it was going to be ok. So, thank you.” Jack said, as he hugged Clark. He pulled back when the bell rang. “It’s time for class. I’ve got to go. See you later Clark!” Jack beamed then ran off to his class.
“For people who don’t know,” Bobby started, “Clarissa McElroy was one of the best Women of Letters. She had saved us from the attack from the Angels on Earth.” Bobby went on, sharing with the group about Clarissa’s contributions, getting oohs and aahs from the group. Bobby turned to Angel and smiled, “-And she was also the mother of this Fighter right here.”
“We should get ready with these.” Eileen said, not looking at Psychic, as she painted a symbol on the walls that were opposite to each other. “This will trap the Banshee when you place your bleeding palm on them.”
Everyone was now happy and were living the dream with their love. Both pairs passed out in the middle of lazily making out with the other.
Don’t get him wrong, Dean was elated that his brother was getting married and having a baby on the way. It just reminded Dean of the time he had met the love of his life, and how due to circumstances, he wasn’t able to get the life he wanted with his love. Dean never thought about it, he had accepted that this was his life, but looking at Sam and Jess, Dean couldn’t stop but think how it would have been if the situation were different.
Huh. Well Dean knew what to do. Dean knows he didn’t try talking, but he was speechless after what Castiel had told him. He was going to show Castiel alright. Before he could do anything, Deanna yelled, “Alright losers, we are heading back.” And that’s when Dean realized that they had been here for five hours, and it was time for dinner.
“Huh… interesting.” Hunter leaned to reach around to loop the piece of clothing around Cas and paused when he realized he was hugging him.
This fic was a real confidence booster as this was my second fic in the fandom (third in a whole) and I was able to get half a century likes, which I am really proud of.
“Jack! Where the HELL were you? I was freaking out!” Belphie yelled, Jack told him how he got lost when tying his shoelace and turned to find Clark so he could tell Belphie how he helped him, but Clark was nowhere. “Well. Its good you are here,” Belphie interrupted Jack’s thoughts, patting him in the shoulder, “we have to go home, its almost 9.”
“Mary no!” Jess yelled trying to follow her, but she slipped away, laughing evilly. Sam was able to lift Mary from her walker and keep her on his hip.
There was some yelling and the 3 turned to see the source of it. A car had stopped in front of their venue and the staffs were crowding around the car, looking down at it. Everyone looked confused at the chaos. Gabe quickly ran to the entrance, shooing the staffs off. Everyone looked curiously as to who Gabe was bringing in. The first thing they all saw was the leather jacket, then the man’s face.
The lights lit up and Dean had blinked his eyes to get adjusted to it. “The bidders please come to the front and arrange your dates. AFTER paying. Hope everyone had a happy time here. Bye and congratulations to the people who got themselves a date.” Garth finished as Dean opened his now adjusted eyes. Dean turns to wave to his group when his eyes fall on the boy with the embodiment of bedhead, who was stuffing books and papers into his bag.
“I don’t know. He is a stubborn kid. Try talking to him during the car ride again. If not, I will talk to him tonight.” Bobby said as he set up the breakfast. “Come on, eat.”
Sure, Angel was annoying, flirty, and not serious during fights, but Dean had a good time with Angel. He was a fun guy and Dean would have loved to spend more time with him. He was just sad that he missed a potential friend. That’s all.
The case being in Lebanon was first awesome. Second, it being 1 hour away from the Bunker was even more awesome. Dean didn’t have to care about finding a motel to stay in. They could go back to the Bunker. Sam had already called the house as a journalist informing their arrival, to make things go smoother. He used an abandoned blog-post website as their cover. Cas was in his usual dorky little trench coat and suit, while Dean and Sam wore their ‘I-am-a-journalist’ costume. Before they could even knock, the door flew open.
I like how Jack is "I am babey, uwu" but Belphie is "I am mature, owo" and Cas is "my uwu kids... my life sure is bad but I got my uwu kids."
“Uncle Gabe called papa telling him to buy diapers and come here. He is with Uncle Gabe right now.” Jack said, while Belphie was telling the girl something. “Oh, and this is Krissy. She lives with us now. Krissy this is our English teacher, Dean Campbell.”
Dean nodded and returned to his room, starting to rethink whatever he had done. Dean wanted to spend all his time with Cas, there was nothing wrong with it. Sure, he spent time in school, during Fights, and in any free time they got, but Dean wanted more. And he wanted to share what he loved with Cas. Cas, coming from an abused background, hadn’t experienced life like Dean had. Dean’s affection for Cas wasn’t pity. It was love. He wanted Cas and him to get to know each other a lot and be comfortable with each other. Cas was not only an awesome pair for him, he was also the best person Dean had ever seen. He wanted to yell from the top off the mountain that Cas was his. He wanted everyone to know Dean had gotten his hands-on Cas. The most wonderful person in the whole world had chosen him, a jock in high school. Dean couldn’t remember a time before Cas was in his life, and he never wants to forget it. Dean was never this needy before with any girls or guys he has gone out with, and it was actually the opposite.
Cas gave a soft smile and said, “I appreciate your concern Dean but I have access to food. I don’t have lunch for religious reasons.”
“Well I'd say it's more Grant Wood than Grandma Moses. But you knew that, you just wanted to see if I did.” Sam replied and Cas looked at him with an incredulous look. Cas was here, trying to figure out how in Earth this painting was back here, and Sam was here flirting with a lady, almost 6 years elder than him. And he had a girlfriend his age too!
“Nothing,” Deanna said, still glaring at Dean. Turning to Cas, she was hit with concern-filled wide blue eyes, searching her face for what was wrong. Those blue eyes were gonna be the death of her. “Nothing,” she repeated, her eyes, tone, and posture softening, “Nothing Cas, I’m fine.” She melted into the hands, that were grounding her by her hips. She couldn’t help but stare at Cas’s eyes. This was going to be one of her finest ideas.
“Cas?!” Jack exclaimed worriedly. He placed his hand Cas and realized what was happening. “Oh… why are you fighting it? Why are you not leaving to meet Dean?”
“Fucking hippies,” Dean muttered as he jotted down the things, “We are getting progress guys! Now do you have anyone for Best Man and Maid of Honour? And are you gonna choose what they are wearing.”
There were 8 pairs of eyes and 1 sunglass on him with questions. Cas ignored them all and informed the kids that they are leaving and was about to leave when he heard Dean holler, “I still get all tingly when you take control like that.” Cas rolled his eyes and left the room.
“YES!” At Eliot’s fallen face she corrected, “I mean no.” Now Eliot looked just confused. “UGH! I LIKE SOMEONE ELSE OKAY! Jacob likes you and I know you like him so I wingman-ed you two yesterday.”
“Name’s Eileen.” She spoke as she signed. “Thank you, Psychic, for signing for the whole time. I know Psychic from the Boston Banshee attack. He saved my life. But the reason I joined was because of the Banshee attack that took my hearing when I was two, and the fact that my parents are Men of Letters.” She pointed to them who smiled back at her.
“Anyway, I have updated the Bat Signal to update us sightings of creatures and not wait until it attacks.” Bobby said. "We have to be careful about whether they are evil or not."
Sam had woken up a long time ago but stayed in bed scrolling through his phone. Eileen had sent him a good morning text, and so the two video-called and talked with each other. Though Sam got up at 8, he left his room around noon. He was in the main room stretching when he saw Dean being ravished. “EW! Dean! Get a room!”
“Cas is here. He is in costume and stuff.” Dean heard the door open. “We gotta get ready… it’s almost 3 pm.”
The tune faded as everyone except Dean left the stage, the music fading from an aggressive tone to a really soft one. The sounds of a bird chirping and a whale wailing filled the air, the drumbeats slowing to non- existent.
Cas didn’t sleep. Cas used to sleep but stopped 1 month since his birth. After his dad had come home, drunk as usual, in the middle of night when everyone was sleeping. He had entered the basement, or Cas’ room, but Cas didn’t know. Cas woke up when he felt a weight on top of him. He opened his eyes to find dad on top of him. “Dad?” He called but his dad didn’t hear him.
“Sorry. Dean.” Cas said distantly then turned to him. “I… I have to leave… You can have my candies, bye.” Cas said shoving his bag to Dean and ran away.
“Ok.” Suddenly music filled the air and the principal’s voice informed everyone the dance party had started. “Hey, I have some ice cream left.” Dean said, ignoring the people running to the center of the auditorium to dance. “Wanna share?”
“It’s nothing.” Dean quickly replied as he glared at Charlie, who was eating her lunch innocently, while the others did the same but sniggering.
“Ok…” Hunter said distantly, “Huh… Oh, yeah! Yeah. Let’s go.” Hunter placed his hand on Psychic’s shoulder, then swapped to the left when he realized he had used his right hand instead of his left. They reached the bunker.
Cas had told Sonny that he could pay for his stay, but Sonny had refused. So, Cas had a lot of money, and nothing to spend on. Sonny had said it would be useful for his college tuition and for staying alone after turning 18. Cas agreed, so, with help from Sonny, he made a bank account and saved his money.
“Papa, do you remember I told you about a boy called Clark, and how I didn’t like him looking at Jack and stuff. Well Jack has been lying to me and has been hanging out with that boy. I am pretty sure Clark told him not tell me. He knew I would kick him in the butt! I am so angry right now papa!”
“Hey honeybee.” A pair of lips stopped Dean from thinking. “I am here Bobby, with my report.” He slid a booklet to Bobby and sat on Dean’s lap. It was after the first few days that Cas realized wherever he sat, he was bound to end on Dean’s lap. And so, he started sitting there, instead of waiting for Dean to whine and make grabby hands at him.
Dean rode Baby to the entrance, getting a complaining Sam enter his car, asking him why he was late. Dean went over what happened with Angel and Baby to Sam. Sam happily laughed, telling Dean deserved it, getting a smack to the back of his head. The two entered the bunker and went to their rooms, to change when the Bat Signal went off.
By this time, a teacher had called an ambulance, the people who had left came back, and Dean had come near Belphie, trying to get his hold off Krissy. The ambulance arrived in few minutes and asked everyone except family to leave. “We would be needing one person to join us. Sir, as her guardian would you like to join?”
“That was a bit of a story wasn’t it.” Donna chuckled trying to ease the tension. “My story is actually with you two.” Donna pointed to Hunter and Psychic. “My ex-husband broke it off because I was fat. So, I decided to go to a spa, and turns out it was run by monsters. Fish taco or something.”
“Come. All of you.” He motioned the swarm of students to his front. As they gathered, he slid his camera around his neck.
It wasn’t that Cas didn’t trust Dean; he didn’t trust himself. He was a fish that was stuck to the hook with the bait Dean Winchester. He could feel himself getting reeled in by the charm that Dean exuded. But still, Cas gave in and sat in front of Dean, but didn’t look at him.
“I thought I could take her to the place where we first said ‘I love you’ to each other. A park near the university. I know I am bad at picking jewelry she likes so I thought instead of a real ring, I could wear a ring costume.” Dean snorted at that. “Shut up Jerk. I need you to get her there somehow, so I could you know, propose. I don’t need you there though. I want it to be our moment. I was thinking of asking Charlie if she would be able to install cameras on the trees, to capture our moment.”
“Awesome/Cool/Wow.” Everyone said. “Oh! My name is Charlie,” Charlie said, “The werewolf duo is Garth and Bess,” the two waved, “the vampire duo is Benny and Andrea, Black Widow is Jo, the dude without the costume is Sam, and Captain America near you is Dean.”
He then learnt there were different kinds of love, and different stages of affection. Cas had asked why most of his books had a girl and boy kissing, never a girl and girl, or a boy and boy. The two had replied saying they didn’t know, and their discussion had gone about whether they would kiss the same sex or not. The sun rose and they had to leave, mostly because Cas had to return to his room fast. “We’ll see you soon then.” Meg and Zar said.
The lady near his brother turned to them, looked over the three and then said, “Oh.” She turned to Gabe then back to the three, “OH!”
“I am not lying. It is true. Anyways, you two will be the one making the presentation. I am yet to grasp the commands of PowerPoint and Google Slides.” Castiel said. The other two laughed at Castiel’s confession, not noticing Castiel’s posture suddenly change. “I am sorry, but I have to leave.”
“I knew this dress would get you all hot and bothered!” Bela beamed happily. “Down the hall, to the right. I’m waiting!” Bela winked.
As the Cas’ left, Dean heard Deanna yelling out Sammy’s name. He goes towards the sound to see Deanna looking at him with wide eyes.
“Oh my god, Sammy! You didn’t read the pregnancy books, did you? Braxton Hicks is also known as fake labor. Pregnant women get them all the time. It will calm down by itself. Just stay there for support. Jesus Christ, you gave me a heart attack for no reason.” Dean explained to Sam who responded with a sorry and a giggle. There was some rustling on the other side.
The first week was quiet. The building had quietened down due to the nearing DeVille-Michaels wedding. Gabriel was starved from his source of energy, candies, as he always ate them more than usual during wedding week, ultimately getting sick. Because of that, Gabriel was unusually quiet, which terrified everyone, especially the kids. They had even gone to the extremes to bring an exorcist to get rid of whatever was possessing their Uncle Gabe. Both Meg and Balthazar were in their professional mode, getting things done left and right. It was October 31
“Hey Cas,” Cas turned to see Dean stand with pouted lips, kissing the air in her direction then smile showing all teeth, following it up with a “How you doin’?” whilst slowly nodding his head and gazing her up and down. Cas tilted her head, her dark locks falling onto her shoulders, as she gazed at Dean with wide, blue, eyes, not understanding what he was trying to do.
Suddenly the rain died down and a creaking sound filled the air. The spirit slowly turned his head towards the sound and saw his brother’s ghost. “You… hanged me!”
“Nothing Bee… Just trying to remind you that this is going to happen until you let me erase your memory of me.” Angel winked.
“Enough about Dean’s weird routine that we all don’t wanna know,” Jo said as she got her phone out, “Did you guys hear about yesterday’s raid by Hunter and Psychic?” She turned her phone which had the school blog made by Becky, displaying the words ‘Flesh-eater of the Forests burned down by the Fighter duo.’
“You really are evil.” Sam said. Cas patted his cheek and moved back to Dean, leaving Sam and Bobby astonished.
“Well, I don’t care as long as I return with you by my side.” Castielle said, kissing Deanna’s cheek.
“Cas. Don’t. Please.” Dee pleaded as she struggled in Cas’ restraints. But it all went to waste as Cas turned a deaf ear on, ensuing a tickle fight.
Eliot had noticed Krissy and Jacob… Jacob. That man was an Adonis. But he saw since the basketball tryouts, Krissy and Jacob hung out a lot. He wanted to be a supportive friend, he really did, but he couldn’t stop the jealousy he felt when Krissy and Jacob were together. “Hey Eliot!” Dammit. He thought of maybe ignoring them but accidentally made eye contact with Krissy, who started waving him towards them. As he walked towards them, he could see Krissy caressing Jacob’s hair. UGH, this was what he wanted to ignore. Krissy was an amazing friend, but he couldn’t hate her more than this moment. He didn’t finish that sentence and now they were kissing. Jacob’s hands were on her collar, and Krissy was so close to Jacob. Eliot stood for a while, calming himself from not hulking out, and walked towards the two.
Lori had been sharing information about how Rich kept groping her even after her insistent stops, and Taylor insisted on her to join a party. She was sharing how her dad was seeing a married woman when the reverend came out of the house. “Lori! Come inside.”
“Stop apologizing Cas. But you remember Charlie telling us who we are, right? We’ll just ask her who you are and you can dress up as that person. Okay?” Dean said. At Cas’ nod, Dean slapped his hand on Cas’ shoulder and said, “Great! Now we ask her.”
“Friends and family. We kindly ask you all to settle down as the wedding is about to begin.” He left the elevated platform to give space for the officiator. Brady started playing a slower speed (like x 0.5 of the original speed) instrumental of ‘Under the Sea’. Ellen walked down the aisle with Mary by her hip, who had flower petals in a basket. She, as the flower girl, was wearing a onesie with shells on it. After the flower girl, Charlie, Gilda, and Jo walked down the aisle and stood their positions. The song then changed to ‘Canon in D’ by Pachelbel. Sam walked down the aisle, with Dean walking him away. Stupid bitch had asked 1 week before Mary’s birth whether Dean could walk him down the aisle. Dean tried his best to not to cry but failed. Sam and Dean had cried together almost for 10 minutes, making Jess amused.
“We don’t have to tell the boys, angel. We’ll tell the so-called adults in there that the boys are Kelly’s, but you don’t want them to know. I think they’ll respect that. Hell, they should, for spying on us!” Dean exclaimed and Cas agreed with a laugh.
Cole, his classmate, sent an image with the caption ‘Here ya go!’ Cas sat straight as the picture loaded before showing him their 10
“My dad… In his last voicemail… he said that he gave birth to me but after that… nothing was written.” Krissy said in a barely audible voice. “I thought it was a metaphor… is it real? Can men give birth?”
“It was really fun. Belphie and I have the same schedule, as always. Adam and Alfie share a schedule between the two. We four have History and English together.” Jack said.
As Dean was saying his goodbyes to the people leaving, he found Cas clearing up some chairs alone. He excused himself (and Mary) and walked towards Cas.
Cas nodded. “I wanted to know how to have sex and Loki gave me his porn collection. I don’t understand why he is slapping her though. I would never do that to someone I love.” Cas went on, not noticing Rowena’s outraged look directed to Loki.
Castiel, oblivious to what had happened prior to him entering the scene, went to help Castielle from the floor. He could see how scared she was, and how she looked like she wanted to run out of there as soon as possible. He knew that look. He had that look when Dean took him to the den of iniquity. Dean had though that Cas was nervous because it was going to be his first time. But only Cas knew that he was scared of how much he wanted it. And how much he wanted to do it with Dean. It was the first time he had had thoughts like that, so, he did what he always did with his feelings. He squished it down and tried have an emotional range of an angel.
Dean had met with Charlie, who was studying in New York Institute of Technology, a newly established tech school. The university shared residence with Manhattan School of Music (MSM) and so Dean and she had dormed together. Right now, they were exiting the café, taking whatever was available. Dean’s go-to was the tater tots and grilled chicken quesadilla. Weird combination but he didn’t care.
“Jack got cavities remember, so Ga- papa dropped us off here and went to call, no get… some… stuff.” Belphie ended weakly. Dean’s suspicion was true then. But what was wrong?
“Moose! Did you get all the ingredients? You should have brought them yesterday, well it’s going to take longer to get them back.”
Dean removed his finger quickly, blushing hard as he realized what he just did. “Ahem. Um so.. I didn’t have time. After you— I couldn’t-”
“I apologize for the inconvenience. I am usually trying to finish my homework in my free time. It’s hard to do work where I live.” Castiel said. “Let’s start?” Castiel asked Sam.
“She ran away, with Nick. It seems the two were dating since she was 16 but in secret because she was a minor. With the rumors about Nick, she thought we wouldn’t accept her and Nick’s relationship. She wrote us a note and ran away with Nick. The police have been informed. Turns out Nick had sold the restaurant to someone and had shut it down. And by the way, Nick is not his real name. The police during their search found a letter in the last known region of where Kelly and Nick were spotted. It was a letter for not to come in search of them. Mr. Kline was angry and pronounced her dead to the family.”
“First, I need a status report on how first day in La Honda Middle School was. Then we are having an epic battle of Snap. And after school we are going to your place to have a montage sequence because guess who’s got a date today that they totally forgot and is going to raid Jess’ closet?”
“I am not that big fan of the ‘Lemon Fever’ theme. It complements summer really well, but it doesn’t show… us.” Jess said.
Well, screw Suite Life of Cas and Dee. Dean was going to enjoy his coffee and try to find a reverse spell ASAP. He didn’t want to live through this bullshit no more.
“Well they might have lied.” Sarah said smiling fakely before she let out. “Okay. We had sold the original in an auction before, but we have fakes stocked behind. My dad, the owner of the auction house part of this museum, does this. To gain more money.” She said. “Please don’t tell anyone.”
“So, they heard a high-pitched noise, a black smoke appeared but vanished.” Sam restated what Bobby had informed.
“Hey, how about we help each other to distract ourselves?” Cas nodded at Hunter’s suggestion but sat quietly not knowing what to say. They were looking at the flowers in the shrubs and gazing around in companionable silence, the air filled with birds and insects chirping.
“I love you and there is no questioning that.” Castiel said. “I would choose this life than any other universe. Even if I was a real badass fighting angel. The time we spent without each other helped us better ourselves. I will be sad we didn’t spend more time together, but I don’t regret what happened with us. I love you and you are my soulmate.” Cas smiled.
“Oh, you wee little boy, Don’t worry. I am here to help the woman who saved my life from that nasty scarecrow. I will help and leave if that consoles you.” Rowena said.
“How did you know?” Eileen asked and Dean realized. He fucked up. He was about to throw Sam under the bus, who was glaring at him, when Benny spoke up.
“Cas still hasn’t had his first kiss.” Meg said, as Cas struggled to turn himself around and get up in the small space, confined between Zar and Meg, and the dress robes.
Gabe had come to the office with the kids. The two went to their papa’s room, and Gabe was getting himself a cupcake when the main phone rang.
Cas saw right through what Dean was doing. Cas, hesitantly, enveloped Dean with his arms, and Dean let out. He let out the sob he was holding back. “You know, many times he made me think whether I should leave and never come back, but I knew dad wouldn’t take care of Sammy. But that day, I forgot about that. I ran. Only after an hour I realized that Sam was still sick and he didn’t have his food, but we didn’t have anything at home. So, I stole. I stole the PB&J and got caught. Even when the Deputy said dad had called, I thought maybe he will come to get me. But he told me rot in jail.” Dean was crying silently.
“No,” Gabe replied softly, “you look beautiful like the way you are always.” Gabe brought their foreheads together, “Now, Cassie, let me sit on your lap.”
Charlie had come in asking what the situation was, after lunch, when the two had the last two periods free. Dean had told her about the misunderstanding between Belphie and Krissy. After the recount, Charlie had asked Dean to check whether her proposal was ok. It seems she had written a whole speech to ask Gilda to marry her and Dean, being the English teacher, must check it. Reading the proposal, Dean remembered his proposal to Cas. Then blushed recalling what had followed.
Dean and Cas were staring at each other, Cas trying to see if Dean remembered what had happened, while Dean was trying to not let his emotions get exposed but failed. He quickly opened the passenger door, taking stuttered breaths to stop the tears from falling, and ran into the building. Cas quickly followed him, took the elevator and asked the receptionist what room Dean was in. Seeing the two hanging around, the receptionist shared the room number, for which Cas thanked them before getting in the elevator.
Clark couldn’t believe it. He had won a free ticket for him and Jack to tour the aquarium. Well it’s an awesome start to the (one-sided) date already. Clark went to Jack.
“Nothing to worry, April. I will take care.” Sam said to April, who was now a doctor. Cas fainting had gotten people’s attention. Sam brought a glass of water and kept it near Cas. “Drink it.” Cas did so. “You’re ok right?” Cas nodded.
"Me?" Bobby asked gruffly as Ash made himself smaller. "When did I insinuate being genderless equates to being a fuckup?" Bobby turned to meet Ellen's glare. "I swear Ellen, I don't remember when I did it." He turned back to Ash and asked, "Please tell me Ash. When did I do this?"
Anyways, Cas’ job was done then, not to sound selfish. His only job was now shut down. Now all he had to do is learn about pregnancy and get ready for it. Cas started by clearing what used to be Dean’s side and setting up a nursery.
“Banshee. I know. I was there yesterday when Harold was attacked. I came out of my room when I heard him yell from inside of his suite, ‘Get it out of my head’ so I knocked on the door and called to him. Harold never locked his room, so I opened and saw it. A black figure, perched on top of him, reaching for his head when it suddenly vanished. More like dissolved. But nobody believed me. Telling me I was cuckoo.”
Cas smirked. Dean looked confusedly between the three signing, so Cas told Dean to place his hand somewhere on Cas so he could understand what was happening. Dean smiled slyly and placed his hand on Cas’ inner thigh.
“What was that?” Sam asked turning to Dean. Before Dean could ask what he was talking about, Sam elaborated. “Spacing out. The wrong hand. And not to mention, your face is deep red right now. How’d you get the chain out of Lori and burn Karns?”
“It’s not working.” Rowena said. “It didn’t work.” She turned to Gabriel, who was still looking at Kali on the table.
“No dad. I need to know. Who do you like Krissy? If it’s not Jacob, then who?” Krissy was breathing hard. She didn’t want to mess up her friendship with Bel. They’d gotten to a point where the two were now able to talk properly.
“Yeah. She doesn’t have one, but she said she can find a karaoke app and use her projector to project the lyrics.”
“Because when you make him mad, he leaves with the key.” The boy’s face fell as he held up his cuffs and shook his head disgustedly. Castiel watched with a tiny smile on his face. He then moved towards him, getting their attention. He dangled the key he got from the Deputy as he walked past him. Sonny gave a look.
Everything was going smooth, until dinner when Ellen came to Dean. “Dean! Mary is fussing a lot. She pooped herself but turns out we are out of diapers. What can we do?”
Dean covered his mouth with his hands and giggled, as Cas turned on the call. Cas mouthed ‘quiet’ before turning the call into speaker. “Yes Sam?”
“Oh shit! Off to the Batmobile!” Charlie exclaimed grabbing her stuff and running towards the parking lot. Dean shook his head at Charlie’s antics, smiling as he left the building. He couldn’t get the twins out of his head. They felt familiar, even though he had just met them today.
“Hey Eliot!” Krissy called Eliot, as she was sitting with Jacob. She was telling Jacob about the misunderstanding and getting a ‘told you so’ from him. They were bickering with each other when Krissy saw Eliot. “Come here!” She waved Eliot towards them.
Eileen chuckled as she moved forward to open the door, but was stopped by Sam’s hand, which landed on her exposed right collar bone softly. “Sam?” she asked silently. The hand hesitantly moved from her shoulder to her right cheek, as Sam leaned in uncertainly. Eileen fluttered her eyes close, in silent approval. Sam pressed his other hand on her left cheek, and slid it into her brown curls, as he slotted their lips together.
“Andrea, don’t listen to them.” Jake said, not looking at his daughter. “They’re liars and they’re dangerous.”
“If you tell anyone I will find out who you are and tell everyone.” Cas threatened. “Hunter,” he sighed defeated as he placed his hands on Hunter’s chest and looked at Hunter through his dark lashes, “please promise me you won’t tell anyone. My brothers will get to know, and I can’t-” he took a stuttered breath, “Please.” He begged as a tear rolled from his terror-filled eyes.
Dean had locked himself in the room, to avoid getting questioned by his family. He chose the same green Henley he had worn for the talk, but with ripped jeans. It was 1 when he left his room. The house was eerily quiet. He looked around the house to find no one in.
Clark took a deep breath, “To tell you that I like you. Since day one, I have liked you more than a friend. Don’t you dare ask me ‘like best friends?’ I like you like Adam likes Alfie, you like nougat, heck like Belphie likes the thought of punching my face. I like you. And if you don’t like me back, I will stop. I will try to stop liking you in that way and be friends with you. Belphie was the one who told me you like the aquarium and told me take you here. If you don’t like me back in that way, can we still be friends?”
“It's for boys like you. You work the land. Teaches you some discipline and responsibility. Keep you out of trouble.” Dean laughed, commenting the place was lame. “Beats jail. Come on. I'll fix you something to eat. You can share a room with Castiel.”
“After everything that happened… you are still ok?” Cas heard Bobby ask which reminded him there was someone else in the room.
“No, no, no, I won’t.” Cas raised his hands, even though Dean wasn’t there. “I won’t. I will be standing outside the bedroom.”
“I don’t know Rach, but you don’t need him.” April said. The class then started, and Mr. Adler dragged on about something, but Sam wasn’t hearing.
“Use a cool name and keep your identity a secret!” Zar said. “It would be easier to hide from the others you know.”
The bell had rung, notifying the end of school. Charlie and Gilda left to talk with Meg and Gabe about the cake, and Sam left to go home. He asked Dean about the ring again and he had replied with “Clear anything you have on April 25
"You didn't say it outright but I knew ma would have not liked me saying I wasn't an Alpha. It was one day when I came back home and I saw you and Ma tucking Betty in. You were asking her about me and how she would have been proud to have an Alpha as her son and Ma… Ma started talking about dad. How he was the best Alpha ever and I would one day become like him. Wield a sword in one hand and feed the baby in another. Be all authoritative as a Warrior while submitting to my partner like a pup. She was so proud of me being an Alpha, and I… I didn't want to break that dream for her. Her dreams for me." Ash said. "And everyone at school talked about how I had a lot to look up to. How my dad and mom  are one of the best Alphas in the Kingdom and how I should become one in the future too. But all I was, was a fuckup."
The three turned back to find Cas out from his hiding spot, fiddling with a balloon.  “Look at him, still behaving like a 10
“I mean its finals time. Last time you freaked out during the mock exams, and I had to get to know from Charlie. So, how are you doing?” Sam said in an accusing yet concerned tone.
“Hello Krissy, Belphie said you like waffles, so I made some. Hope it tastes good.” Krissy turned an incredulous face at Belphie.
“How dare you order me?” Lucifer said in a small, threatening voice. “You know,” He said as he grabbed Cas’ collar, “that is why Michael is dead.”
“Don’t worry angel.” Dean started but Cas’ face said bullshit and Dean replied, “Leave it. We’ll sleep and talk about you know, later.”
Eileen went into the kitchen to alert Charlie and Loki about what was happening and came back to the main room, joining Sam and Jo, while Benny and Bobby laid a body in on the floor. Looking at the body, Garth and Bess joined the ‘restrain Dean club.’
They were in Wichita, Kansas. The group had met in the Arkansas River, a spot direct opposite to Wichita Art Museum. The students had the option of exploring the Old Cowton Museum and the Keeper of the Plains statue. Because it was a Saturday, the fees to the museum were free, allowing the students to take photos without expenditure.
“What?” The man asked. Before Cas could repeat, the man said. “I heard you, but dude, this is a convenient store. We have one-dollar pens and no clothes.” He turned and slid a pen and notebook across the counter. “You can find the other two over there.” He said jerking his head to a metal stand filled with magazines and newspapers.
“Calm down Cas. First yes, we should talk to the boys. And about telling others about the boys, we could maybe tell them that they are Kelly’s kids, and you took care of the boys coz she ran away?” Dean shrugged.
“Yeah. Wanna meet here in a half an hour?” Dean asked, missing the confused look the other two shared.
Belphie and Jack always ignored the adults. They emitted so much weirdness that the twins were now used to it.
“I realized how annoying I have been with Cas and I understand what I have to do. You two were the reason I realized and I thank you.” Dean finished as he turned into Hunter.
Jessica was an angel. She baked an amazing pie, called Sammy out on his bullshit, and was in a whole, amazing. Whenever she wasn’t in the room, Dean nudged Sam and said three words always: “Dude, Marry her.” And Sam always responded with “I will.”
“That doesn’t mean you were a bad brother, Belphie. It means you are an awesome brother who cares about his brother so much that he forgets sometimes that he might be caring more than needed.” Castiel hugged Belphie as he said, “You have so much love for Jack that you get scared he might leave you. So, you try to get him friends that you know before.” Belphie cried because it was true. He was scared that Jack would leave him for someone, being the awesome smart one. “It’s ok Belphie. You both are smart, great people, who will never leave each other for someone else.” After a while, when Belphie stopped crying, Castiel asked, already knowing the answer, “Does Jack know that you left school?”, Belphie shook his head. “Well, if you still think that Jack will leave you, I suggest you see what he does when he comes back home. Now let’s go home and get you some pie.” Belphie brightened at the word pie. Castiel chuckled, “Say bye to the three that are eavesdropping. I will start the car.”
“Bye Charlie. Bye Jo.” Dean said as the two went into their respective houses. He walked back to Sam who was on his phone.
Psychic stood there stunned. “Wow. That’s – That’s cool.” Psychic heard Hunter yelling his name. “Look I’ve got to go. Um… thank you.” He said as he signed, a poor imitation of something he saw in the movies.
And it was the calmest Cas has ever been. He expected to die due to kissing, instead, his rapidly beating heart calmed, the blood rush calmed, his breathing calmed. Dean was his calm. All Cas could feel was Dean’s lips moving against his, and the sound of birds chirping, trees rustling, water rushing… It was all music to his ears. They had a newfound meaning. And this moment was something Cas wanted to capture and enjoy forever.
Bobby had gone to his study, trying to figure out how he can get the present King and Queen to drop down and allow Dean and Cas to take their positions. Anna had joined him to help in any way she could. Right now, Bobby was sat on his chair, while Anna sat on the floor, after getting Bobby to stop forcing her to sit on the other chairs because she found the ground comfortable. The two were surrounded by books, trying to find a loophole to get John and Mary down from their posts.
“Thank you, Sam and Uncle Bobby.” Dean said entering. “Thank you for letting me know how I have been with Cas.”
“Get ou- Wait my Megara?” Cas asked. Before Loki could explain, Rowena dragged him out and shut the door, exclaiming. “Continue your talk boys!” Cas nodded to Dean to continue and he did. He talked about how he wasn’t allowing Cas to experience the world freely and Dean was just bringing him down. He shared about his previous relationships and how Dean wasn’t any different with Cas.
She was now grinding the pole, looking at Sam, and grinning devilishly. Dean couldn’t see her face because of her hair but the body though, she was hot. She hooked her left leg on the pole, and leaned towards Sam, giving him a look of her boobs, then leaned back onto the pole. Loki, on the other hand, had spread Jess’ legs and grinding his ass towards her.
“Papa. I don’t want to talk anymore… Can I just take the pie to my room?” Belphie asked in a really weak voice and Cas couldn’t deny him. At Cas’ nod, Belphie went to his room, just as Jack came out of Krissy’s room.
“I swear to God, ugh.” Adam had enough of this crap. He grabbed Alfie by the shirt and kissed him on the lips. After few seconds, he pulled back. “I like you, Samandriel.”
“Yeah, funny thing. You know how whenever the doctor spoke, Jess and I didn’t allow her to speak, and told her we just wanted to know if the baby and Jess were healthy?”
“I was the one who hit him.” Cas repeated smiling happily. Dean patted the floor near him, and Cas moved front a bit, towards Dean. Dean motioned Cas to continue. “It was a day before I was leaving Manhattan. I saw that dude surrounding you with his goons and threatening you. I saw red. As soon as you left, I gave him a good punch to the face that got his minions scurrying away. I would have beaten him to death if Balthazar hadn’t found me with Alastair’s unconscious body.” Cas smiled as Dean looked at him with admiration and shock. “We left him in that park-”
“I’ve never heard of one this far west, but the Bat Signal never lies.” Sam said as he nursed his coffee.
Cas fluttered his eyes open and gasped in a breath as he got up. He then turned to Loki, and his eyes widened in terror. Loki went for a hug, but he scrambled away from Loki, almost falling off the makeshift bed. “No!”
“I can’t give an anatomy lesson when you are – fuck – doing that Cas!” Dean moaned. “All I can – Jesus Christ – can say is I am – oh! faster – playing with your clit.”
“Hey you two! What are you doing here?” Jack said what he said to Charlie and went back to eating his fifth nougat. Dean was happy to see the two and spend more time with them. “Hey, I wanted to ask. Do you know Claire?”
Cas nodded and Dean tightened his grip on their intertwined hand. “Alright then Castiel,” Missouri said, “Push.”
“I hate my powers.” Cas said. “The first time they cut deep into my arm, I thought I was going to die. Escape. But then no. My power healed me, resurrected me, and got my arms numb to feeling. And it continued.  My legs, my back, my stomach, torso, and now my head.”
Charlie smiled back, her cheeks getting a little pink. She turned to find Jo smirking at her. “Shut up Jo.” Charlie said as Jo left the room. “Dean! Where’s your mask?”
“Papa! Are you going to dance like them? It would be so fun. I CAN’T WAIT!” Both Belphie and Jack shrieked.
“We have got no other wedding to plan, other than this one. I think we can make it work.” Balth said.
“Belphie, what is happening?” Krissy whispered to Belphie that his papa was hot, and Belphie told her to shut up. He (and Krissy) then told his papa what happened and why he brought Krissy here. He also told him that he thought his Aunties knew.
“The same way you are not allowing me to erase your memory.” Angel winked. “Go on Bee. Before someone tows your Baby.” Angel vanished
“I know you will say yes, but I still wanted to ask if it was ok if I went to the aquarium with Clark this Saturday.”
“Well Sammy, you should have said that.” Dean said, ignoring Sam’s ‘I did say that!’ and turned to Eileen, “Hey there. Dean Winchester. At your service.” He said with a flirty grin and bowed a little.
“Yeah, yeah. Macho threats, I am scared. Now leave Moose, I could become stupid being in the same ro-, and he left. Humans.” Crowley scoffed.
“Yes. Are we not?” Jack tilted his head in confusion, “Anyways, if I get to know you better, I can convince Belphie to like you too. Let’s hang out, and not tell Belphie for now.” Jack said. Belphie always got him friends, and this time Jack wanted to give him a friend. He decided to himself that he will get to know Clark better, and then talk with Belphie about Clark, and get them all to be friends. It will be great. Clark nodded in agreement, and the bell rang.
Cas was sitting in his usual spot, papers spread on the top bleacher, and his face set in a contemplative look. Dean took a breath of confidence and started walking towards Cas. As he reached near Cas, he was hit by a bag. He would have had a bad injury if it wasn’t for two strong hands holding him by the hips. Dean straightened and blushed hard as he pulled back from Cas’ hands.
“Feel sad you are destroying your mistress’ place?” Angel asked, getting Hunter to snicker, who was digging the place. “Can’t I just use my energy blast to dig the place up.”
“Well guys, I have to leave. Gilda will kill me if I don’t.” Charlie said, as she patted her thighs and got up. “See ya, bitches.”
“I am now back in Warrior in training, in order to control my werewolf abilities.” Garth said. “And I joined recently, with Garth.” Bess added.
What I am trying to say is, as we go on with this work, u will find some "wait a minute... this is not right" moments between Meg and Cas and its all due to this weird Truemate bond that is trying its level best to work, but is really really really weak. Furthermore the only reason its developing in Meg's side is because she is vulnerable and needy for approval (as she talked about Azazel) and her life has seriously messed her up. I will always be on the fence for my liking on Meg's character in this fic (But in canon, I like her.. she is conplex)
“Okay but swear on me that you won’t tell anyone!” Belphie asked, shoving his fist at Dean’s direction, his pinkie protruding.
“I first thought that I would end up with Kali. Married, settled down with my baby bro, the whole nine yards. But life had different ideas.” Loki said. “But this time I want to oust life.” Loki turned towards Rowena who had a half-confused, and half-knowing look. “My Red. In all my life, I never thought I would be so lucky to find someone not to replace but help me through my struggles. I never thought I would be so lucky to have someone be my best friend, moreover, fall in love, and get them to fall in love with me.”
Asking Castiel to join them on Wednesday and Thursday was a bust. Castiel had vanished as soon as classes got over and so Eileen and Sam thought of asking him to join during their meeting Thursday evening for lunch. Sam had asked Dean to drive him, Eileen, and Castiel back home but Dean had to stay back and help the team decorate and rehearse the auction. Bobby had offered but Sam refused, saying the three will walk back. Right now, Sam and Eileen were walking out of the school building to find Castiel waiting for them.
Hunter was struggling to fight the Hook Man. He shot the Hook Man with his rock salt shotgun but missed thrice before the spirit disappeared into thin air, moving somewhere else. Suddenly he heard a crash and ran towards it to find Angel with his hand extended.
“Did he say anything to you or the minute he saw you, he…” Gabe trailed off as he looked to Dean, waving his hand to convey ‘fall’.
Two days later, Cas was back in the store, to get some newspapers. He was still surprised by the world. A year later he was out looking at the world. He just wished Meg, Zar, Gabe, and Kali were with him to tell him what was what. Cas had reached the store and was fascinated by the colors in the newspaper. He had never seen pictures before. All the newspaper excerpts he had seen were just texts.
“Sorry to interrupt, I don’t mean to be rude, but I think the photos of Claire we saw first were supposed to be here, inside the book. That means we will find more news excerpts in the box. Do you want to read them?”
“Oh my god!” Eliot said, moving away from Jacob. “I can’t believe I was about to do that. I… I… I have to go.” Eliot bolted to his skateboard and skated away, ignoring Jacob’s calls of ‘wait’ and ‘Eliot’.
Right now, Castiel was dropping the two to their first day in middle school. Both had skipped 2 years, recognized to be smart. Castiel was proud to be the Papa of two geniuses. Castiel knew the two liked to travel to school on their cycles alone. Belphie wanted to show Castiel that he was independent, and could do everything on his own, while Jack wanted to appreciate nature on his own pace. And this worked with Castiel’s work schedule. He was a wedding planner, and most weddings’ plans took place during the school year. People used the months from September to June to plan, and have their Holiday Weddings, so everyone would be able to attend. But today was the first day of the year, especially first day of middle school, and it was tradition. Every class year, Castiel went to drop them the first day, but few feet away from school.  The road split into two, one towards the school, and another towards his work, so Castiel dropped them at the split. The twins appreciated it too. Coming to school with a parent was lame.
Dean took that opportunity to wipe his tears before looking back at Cas. He hesitated before taking a hold of his wrist. “Cas?” Before Dean could say something, the bell to their room rang. Cas got up jerking his hand back from Dean’s.
“Dean?” Cas called out. Not a second later, he heard Dean slapping himself. “Hey, hey! Dean!” Cas ran in to find him in the bathroom, sitting on a closed toilet, and banging his head to the wall. “Hey, hey, hey, Dean! Dean!” Cas put his hand between the wall and Dean’s forehead, then cupped Dean’s cheeks to face him, as he kneeled. “Okay… Okay…” Cas tried to calm Dean down.
“Look, Castiel, you have 2 more years to stay here, and you’ve got money. I suggest you quit your job, change this room into yours’ and your kid’s, and then I will help you find a place nearby. Okay?” Sonny said.
Dean fiddled with the label of his beer bottle. He knew Sam would be mad if Dean tell him how he felt. Sam always thought that Dean didn’t trust him with his thoughts, but that wasn’t true. He didn’t want to burden Sam with more trouble. He was already staying in his house. Sam had said that he wanted Dean to be with him, to make up for the days they weren’t together.
“Sorry. And sorry about yesterday.” Cas said. “I know it’s been 3 weeks and yet I don’t join with your… shenanigans.”
Life had gone smoothly, and everyone was happy. They did not know what the future held for them, but they did know that they were all going to be happy together as a family of Warriors in training, Warriors, Men of Letters and Fighters.
Benny bellowed with laughter then spoke after calming down. “Don’t worry, they wouldn’t mind. And also, it is just for aesthetics. Two people of the opposite sex having one stripper didn’t look good, so Jess wanted to have two. If you look feminine in appearance then that’s enough. I won’t tell them, by the way. I understand.” Benny soothed in a Louisiana accent. “Just be ready to get hit on a lot. Come on I’ll show you were you can get the goods. We have padded goods at the ‘Crossdresser’s’ section.”
“Everything will happen only according to one’s fate.” Cas heard Bobby’s voice. He looked up to find Bobby walking towards him. “Just concentrate on your work Sam.” Bobby covered the phone receiver as he said, “Sam wants to talk to you. I didn’t know the two were together. I wonder-”
“I know, one of the bees told me that’s why they stung people,” Castielle started, and Cas joined, “so they could die faster.” both started laughing.
Her mom stopped sending her as she grew up. Cas didn’t understand why but respected her mom’s decisions. They usually met during work and after school. The restaurant was awesome. It being the only fancy restaurant around the area, people who wanted to seem rich came here. Thus, giving Kelly and Cas a huge tip. And that with the salary, Cas was getting a huge motherload.
“Hi yall. Those who don’t know me, I am Dean. The Sasquatch’s big brother,” “But you are shorter!” “Shut up, bitch!” “Jerk.” “Anyway, for people who do know me, you know that I am bad with words, so I am not going to give a speech.” Dean got off the stage, only to be yelled by Sam. “Wait a minute!” Dean got his guitar and came on. “I am not giving a speech, I will sing.” That got Sam to quiet down.
“Bye.” Charlie said as she gave a warning look to Cas. Cas smiled mischievously and winked at her. “No! Cas!” Charlie yelled but he took off in high speed before she could yell at him. “ITS ANNOYING YOU’VE GOT THOSE BEAUTIFUL DREAMY EYES!” Charlie yelled at the disappearing car, before grumbling and getting into hers.
“Cas, chill,” Dean chuckled, “I have been riding these roads crapload times, and besides, I wouldn’t even forgive myself if I crashed my Baby. Isn’t that right Baby.” Castielle rolled her eyes as Dean cooed to Baby’s dashboard. “Anyway, are you hungry? We could grab us some takeout and –“
Life had gone swimmingly and will be going the same for the entirety of their life. The twins will complain about an even douchier teacher they will have, Professor Metatron, who Jack will call Professor Umbridge. Another professor, Professor Crowley, who is not annoying, just petty, and Belphie will hate him, a lot. Adam and Alfie during one of their arguments will decide that they had had enough of each other and should start seeing other people. This will lead to problems in other couples because they started wondering how life would be without the other and whether they had started dating really early.
“Was that ok?” The baby gabbled something, and Cas nodded, as if he understood what the baby had said.
Sam and Eileen had gone to his room. Sam signed saying he wanted to spend some time alone with her, and Eileen had nodded. The two entered, and Sam locked the door.
“Why the hell did you break up with me?!” Cas pulled back and yelled at Dean’s face. Before he could move in, two hands wrapped around Cas’ waist and pulled him back. Dean fell to the floor, painting hard, confused as hell. First Cas was okay that Dean had broken up with him, but now he was pissed? And what the hell was the make out they had right now? Dean was in pain and in arousal. Cas was… confusing him.
“I recently joined this community after I got to know my part time job owner and his family were the Styne family.” Charlie said. “Luckily, I was able to escape, and you three were able to bring the family down. I became interested in fighting and started pursuing my own cases. I am helping the community with my technological abilities.” She beamed.
“Really Psychic? I wouldn't expect such a big, broad-shouldered fella like you to be as chicken as Shaggy.” Velma retorted. “I guess this is your first mystery. So, if you could keep those giant linebacker shoulders from knocking over any clues, that would be great.”
The other houses in the street that saw Cas’ backflip, asked for tricks. Cas repeated the backflip, another time jumped from a higher level and did twists in the air, did an awesome magic trick, getting them all a lot of candies. Right now, they were checking how much candy they had got, and it was a lot. A red head, who chided Sam for not wearing a costume and Charlie called Sigyn, had asked for Cas’ tricks, given them candies and had said to go to the candy store nearby for more candy, but whispered to Charlie ‘and more!’ after getting to know she was a Marvel fanatic.
“You mean how’d the fight go. Angel was already there in the Hand of Glory exhibit. Turns out it was a fake.” Dean said.
As they were going to cross the threshold from MSM to Andersen Residence Hall, a girl stopped their walk. “Dean Winchester, right?” Dean nodded. “His name…” the girl trailed off rubbing her forehead. “There is a guy waiting outside to meet you.” She pointed outside the glass windows.
School had ended and in 5 minutes the Basketball game would start. Belphie had tried to escape home, knowing Krissy wouldn’t be joining when Clark, Adam, and Alfie found him and told to come and cheer the game. He was about to leave but Claire came and dragged his ass into the gym. He found the rest of the gang sitting there, Max and Stacy holding a ‘GO KRISSY!’ banner while Eliot, Alex, and Patience were holding a ‘GO JACOB!’ banner.
“Wait for me.” Sam said, turning to Psychic. “Okay let’s go.” Hunter placed his hand and teleported himself to the house’s basement, which looked like a butchery room rather than a storage room. “Look a wooden stake.” Psychic said walking towards it, as they heard a yell from upstairs. The two hear it and run upstairs to find a lady pushing Angel against a wall, holding him by the throat, as a man knocked his head with a baseball bat.
After 10 minutes of comfortable silence, Belphie spoke up. “I can’t believe the first time Uncle Jimmy talked with you, he called you bell-ringer.” He erupted into giggles, making Jack and Claire laugh, ultimately getting the two adults to laugh too. Spending time with family was really fun.
“Well male recounts talk about the height… female recounts more about the hair and… physique.” Gavin informed, as he dramatically flexed his muscles.
“You are sure you don’t want to join?” Loki asked Rowena as he left to meet with the kids. Turns out Dean had lost a friend and the others were having a party. Charlie invited him but told him come in surprise.
Eileen had not gone for university. Instead she had developed her status in the Deaf Community, and had started ASL teaching schools, brought the Blind and Deaf communities to coexist with their limited communication, and ultimately do good to the Special community. Sam and Eileen had gotten married when they were 29 and had given birth to Mary Leahy-Winchester when they were 33. The delay had been due to their busy schedules, but everyone loved Mary, even Dean and Cas’ 11-year olds, Meg and Balthazar.
“Awesome.” Cas said, looking at Dean with love. “But let’s change into our pjs.” Cas wanted to wash the makeup of his face.
“Oh…” Dean slumped. Pure End was what Cas had named his last poem, and Dean had done the same with his album.
“Right to the point. I like.” Bela said then rummaged through her purse and got a paper out. “My cousin’s having a party in the Sea Pines Museum next week at 5 pm. I would appreciate it if you could wear a suit and pick me up in that beast of yours. Take me here,” she tapped on the paper, “and let’s have a good time.” She said cupping Dean’s face in one hand and kissing the other. “See you later, darling.” She left.
Sam almost puked at that. He covered Mary’s ears as he dashed out of there but tripped. He held Mary close to him, to not get her hurt, and tried to hold something to get balance. And a balloon burst. To quieten the sound, he tried to do something else but ended bursting another balloon and falling onto a mass of black paper. He got up and uncovered Mary, only to find her laughing and clapping her hands as if to say, ‘let’s do that again.’
“I see him every time in the bleachers doing something during my lunch practices.” Dean informed. “We’ll talk with Bobby about it.”
“We should have not let him drink a lot.” Bess said laughing as she booped Garth’s nose. Benny had brought the liquor and everyone except Cas were drunk. Cas was tolerant to alcohol, and Dean was a really, really, really cuddly drunk. Cas had Dean on him all the time. If Cas wanted to move, he had to carry him everywhere, and that made Dean horny.
Cas had actually decided to make a copy of his poem journal about Dean to give it to Dean. But he believed writing it in his own handwriting and presenting to him would be the best. As Dean drove, Cas finished copying his poems into the new journal he had lying around. Right now, he was writing 2 new poems. He had just finished one.
"You guys knew we were coming to the dner already?" Garth asked, hoping that something would make sense.
“I was able to see it.” Sarah said as Psychic got her a warm drink. “It wasn’t the merchant who killed the family. It was the little girl. Melanie Merchant. She killed her family, and when Isaiah returned home and found his family murdered in their beds, with the sheets soaked in blood, she killed him too. Eventually she killed herself. Everyone assumed Isaiah had been responsible for the murders, but Melanie had been haunting the painting. Isaiah had been warning everyone as a ghost, but no one took it.”
“I wish he could do the reports to be honest.” Bobby said nursing his beer. “The ones he gave me of his fights in September. Wow.”
“Hey Cas?” Dean asked as the two were lying in his bed, limbs all tangled. Cas was the big spoon while Dean curled under him.
The bell rang, signaling the end of recess, and all students scurried to their seats waiting for the teacher. It was few seconds later when a butt opened the door. Then came the full figure of the owner of the Batmobile with his satchel across him, donuts stuffed in his mouth, one hand still with the coffee cup (maybe a new one), and another with two more sugar donuts. He placed everything on the table in a chaotic manner, then looked up to the class, and smiled wide, showing the donuts in his mouth. His mouth moved and a muffled sound that sounded like ‘Hi’ came out.
“Actually, we don’t.” Bobby quickly replied. Cas and Loki turned to him confused. “You were speaking in a different language idjits. So yeah, we don’t know the rest.”
Cas was pacing back and forth behind the bounce house. He peaked out before shuffling his foot to totally hide his body behind the bounce castle.
“Simp.” Jo coughed. “Excuse me.” Benny glared at her before turning to Andrea. Jo turned to find Dean staring at the table with a pensive look. Before she could ask him what was going, the bell rang, and Dean dashed out of the class. “Was it just me or was Dean acting weird?” Jo asked but found the lovebirds mooching on each other. “Ugh…” She groaned as she left for her class.
“Um… Because I know you will put it in the dishwasher?” Dean replied as the twins facepalmed, and Cas’ glare intensified. “You’re angry.”
“Yeah, yeah. Anyway, you have a message from your school. I didn’t open it, but it has been there for the past 2 days. I am sorry I didn’t let you know the voicemail key.”
“Hi. My name is Bess,” “And my name is Garth.” The two introduced themselves and said together, “We are werewolves.” “I had been a Warrior in training since Bobby helped my cousins, who are now dead, totally due to un-paranormal beings.” Garth said. “Anyway, I used to be a Warrior, with skill sets and stuff, but during a fight I got bit by a werewolf. I was about to kill myself when my girlfriend found me and took me to her place.”
I guess Dean was tired of not talking with me, or tired of me just staring at him. After chemistry lab, when everyone was leaving, Dean pulled me back into the room. I looked out to see Gabe being dragged to the side by as red hair swayed in front of him, disappearing by the wall near the door. My face was then forced to face Dean as he grabbed it.
“She is in the hospital. Usually takes 48 hours for the delivery, but Jess’ cervix has dilated enough that the doctor thinks she will be ready to deliver in 24 hours.”
“Well, he said that he hates me this morning. It’s just my whole life it has been me and my dad. And then he died, and I am-”
Everyone asked what Cas was signing but Eileen glared at Cas and said, “I don’t wanna talk about it.” and turned to Sam, not before seeing Cas smirk with his left eyebrow raising.
“I don’t know Bobby. And it seems he can manipulate memory.” Dean informed. “He wiped out any traces of himself from the lady’s mind. He doesn’t want anyone to know about him.” Dean ran a hand through his hair. “Anyway, what did I miss?”
But Krissy didn’t turn a ‘you stupid?’ face at Belphie. She stared at Belphie, slacked jaw and in an expression that resembled awe. She then shook herself and replied, in the same ‘casual’ tone, “Um… Stuff.”
“Charlie! No. God. Ugh!” Sam let out a bunch of noises as he left the room to join Jess and Mary. Jo and Charlie were laughing, until the bell chimed showing it was 9 pm.
“nO, we have to get ready Cas. I cant believe we are so late, quick help me find somethi-“ Deanna was interrupted the best way possible, by Cas’ lips. After a while, Cas pulled back.
“No. Yeah. I don’t know. Jack got cavities and the twins are going back home, but something is not right. They were acting weird after their call with their father.”
“You know babe, I like it when you take all control. Its so hot.” Castielle blushed at that comment. “And seriously, ‘honey’?”
“How do you not know where he is? Aren’t you always with him? You cycle with him to school!” Cas asked during recess.
“Yeah, no she isn’t.” Sam and Dean both countered. Jo smiled a mischievous smile and said nothing else.
“Wow, man. You are so strong,” When Cas was about to deny, Dean added, “No, really. I used to hate my life. But hearing yours, I have it better.” Dean took a breath in and then said, “My mom died in a fire when I was 4 and my brother was a baby. That night I had forgotten to blow the candles out in Sammy’s room, and the curtains got on fire. I got Sammy out and dad went in to help mom, but it was too late. My dad always told me I was the reason for her death. Each and everything I did was wrong or not up to his mark. I was useless. My dad had never beaten me, it was always a toll mentally. I hated it. I wanted to run, but if I did, no one would take care of Sammy. I always was quiet and did what I had to for my brother and let dad yell at me whenever he wanted.” Dean stopped to take a stuttering breath. “I had cooked that night. Sammy was hungry and sick. I had gone to get some medicines, only to come back and find dad near an empty pot, and Sam wailing. That got me angry. I yelled at him for being inconsiderate and that was the first-time dad hit me. Beat me with his belt, saying I was the inconsiderate one. That if I wasn’t here our mom would be here, and Sam would have a better life.” Dean shrugged, trying to not get emotional.
“Yeah, well, I didn’t want to die yet so you know. Basically, while I was yapping, I created an illusion like me and stayed near to make my magic work.” She said, not noticing Cas round her up from behind.
“LET’S GO TO THE BEACH, EACH, LET’S GO GET AWAY” Everyone started singing at the top of their lungs. Cas shook his head and went into his room, not before he heard Belphie’s room door creak open. He saw Belphie move towards the living room, where everyone was, sluggishly.
And that is how Castiel talked with Christine, letting her know what was happening in the Novak household, and totally changing Claire’s life by giving her a brother, and another mom. It happened because of Jack’s innocence, and she was not going to let Clark take advantage of it. She had later met Belphie in the park, who had hit on her. Jack then appeared and introduced the two to each other. She was gotten out of her thoughts when her girlfriend, Kaia had kissed her on the cheek as a greeting.
Belphie tried to hide himself in the crowd and enjoy the party. Sure, it was fun looking at the adults make a fool of themselves, but the thoughts of Krissy not liking him hurt. He had forgiven papa and Jack. Jack was trying to help him. This morning, a snot and tear filled Jack came in to his room, telling him how every time Belphie was the one helping Jack, from friends to his boyfriend, and so he wanted to do the same for Belphie but he had messed up. Belphie reassured saying it was ok and he is ok with Jack and papa.
“What kind of dad does that to a kid? Let her enjoy. She’s in college!” Dean said, getting disapproving looks from Sam and Bobby. “Ok so let’s go check this out.”
“You what?! How?!” Belphie excitedly turned around to see the girl, Krissy. It was awesome someone was able to sneak into the park.
“Yeah, Jack and I call the doctor Werewolf. The first time we came here was trick or treating on Halloween. He was wearing a werewolf costume, so yeah, he is werewolf.”
It was first day of teaching in La Honda Middle School as the new English teacher. He was able to get the gig because of Sammy’s Stanford buddy, Charlie Bradbury, who dropped out of university because she found it boring, and became an IT teacher at La Honda Middle School, with the side job of being a hacker for the United States Department of Justice (no one knows about thet, brothers included). The school was about 30 minutes car ride from where Sam and Jess lived, making it easy for Dean to travel.
Krissy had called the baby ‘Baby’, but it was confusing with Dean naming the Impala ‘Baby.’ Jack then suggested Yoda, but Krissy didn’t allow it, so Belphie settled with The Child, as it was Baby Yoda, a compromise for Krissy’s temporary name and Jack’s temporary name. Gabe and Balthazar had started calling the baby The Child too, and now it was a common between the group.
“Are you sure you don’t want to flaunt your costume to others?” Loki said as he gazed Rowena appreciatively, the form tight black dress with green cape bringing out her curves.
“4 months! And you went on only one date?? What were you doing?!” Charlie exclaimed. Dean blushed deep red, remembering the Summer of Sex.
“Alright that’s enough.” Dean said. It was weird for him to listen to Jess speaking about strippers. She was like his sister.
Dean was shivering. He now understood why that girl’s thighs trembled so much. Dean was literally yelling a series of ‘FUCK’, ‘GOD’, ‘AH’, ‘JESUS CHRIST’ in between his chants of Cas’ name. Cas responded with moans that were so pornographic. Dean begged Cas to shove his face on the bed and Cas did so. The rub of the couch felt so good on his face and the sound of skin slapping was doing things to Dean. Cas then carried Dean to the kitchen, making out messily, and let Dean sit on the kitchen island, and made himself comfortable on top of Dean. The cold marble of the island made Dean quiver, but Cas didn’t pay attention. He was a madman on a mission to destroy Dean. They’d then fucked in the missionary position. Dean played with Cas’ clit with one hand, while the other had a hold of Cas’ hair, while Cas pinned Dean’s chest down in one hand, rubbing and pinching his nipples, while the other jerked him off.
Castielle knew Dean had something to say to her but she wasn’t in the mood. She wanted to just grocery shop and enjoy the vibrant colors of the farmer’s market. Nature always brought her peace, and the past few days haven’t been peaceful. Reaching the market, they split up and bought whatever they needed and came back to the Impala. The silence was awkward, again. Dean couldn’t handle it anymore.
“Even I didn’t expect it.” Sam said. “I thought they would just nod in agreement and then ditch us.” Charlie added. “Like Jo.” She chuckled.
“Oh. Then what can Jack and I do?” Belphie, somehow at materialized by Castiel’s side. “I was thinking of getting him pie, baked by Uncle Gabe. But Jack wanted to make him laugh, so we thought of your dance. You and Uncle Gabe make us laugh, so.” Belphie shrugged
He stayed home and took care of the babies all the time. He even got groceries delivered to him. He had met Meg, Balth, and Gabe when Jack got a fever when he was 2, and Cas was 19. The other three were 22 or so, but they were fun. Cas’ feelings of being alone faded away as he spent more time with them. They never asked about him and the kids’ ‘mom.’
“Yes. Do you have your homework done?” She asked, walking towards a table, non-verbally asking the couple to follow.
“No. You go.” Cas pushed Sam away before turning around. Sam rubbed his chest and groaned. He walked back to the table and as soon as he reached, Dean asked.
“Oh, screw him. He was more messed up than you. He loved you, you know that.” Gabriel said. “More than one should a brother.”
“We aren’t as close as we thought we are.” Charlie shook her head. “I mean you have been more of a prankster since fall break, but I didn’t know you were an evil mastermind.”
"l am staying too." Bobby said, which got everyone to look at him. "What? John and Mary are in a crazy mode right now. Your dad is trying to steal the ownership of the Better Sahiyena project. And your mom... she is trying to annex Tophet.” He said to Sam. "I am going to stay here and make sure the two don't mess crap up. And most likely try to get them step down."
“You had to tell them that we are going? I wanted to take them as a surprise. I have never taken Castielle to the garden.” Deanna said, after slapping Dean’s arm.
“Hiya! Name’s Donna. My partner here is Jody. We’re both sheriffs here in Sioux Falls. We’re Warriors slash Men of Letters.”
At first, Belphie had enjoyed Clark being a jealous moron, but now Belphie wanted to help Clark to hook up with his little brother, just so Harper won’t get a chance. He was ashamed of himself for that thought, but it is what it is.
“She always makes him happy. Doing whatever he wants because he is good. What if that’s what she tries to do with me? Trying to make me happy as a trade.”
“Moondor has secured the Forever Crowns and conquered the Shadow Orcs. Before I could change, I got your call. And knowing how paranoid you can get, I left as soon as possible. Anyway, where’s Jess? Can I see her?”
“Sam knew about us, you know?” Dean said. “But Cas said something to him, and he shut his mouth. All this time.” He kissed Cas’ cheek soundly, and proudly. “That’s my boyfriend yall!”
“I grew up with beggars until I was 5. After that they told me to leave because they weren’t able to get money like they used to get when I was a baby. I was walking around here when I felt hungry. I had some money; from the begging I did during the walk. But not enough for burgers, and burgers,” Cas let out a wistful sigh, “Burgers make me happy. And you know the rest.”
“Ugh…” Castiel rubbed his head, trying to understand why he was actually thinking about this, “Who will take charge of this?” He asked, leaning against Tom Nook.
The two walked into the barn slowly to find the vampires sleeping. Psychic tapped on Hunter’s shoulder and pointed to a girl with blood on her shirt, tied up against a pole, sleeping or unconscious. Hunter nodded and Psychic moved towards the girl cautiously, to release her. Hunter meanwhile dosed few vampires with dead man’s blood and closed their mouth to stop them from yelling and cut their heads out. As Psychic begins to untie the girl, she started to stir.
“3 months after we met.” Cas said looking at Dean with a fond smile. The two were doing their staring thing, while others were trying to get their minds wrapped around this information. “Okay who wants turkey?”
Dean wasn’t happy that Cas didn’t give reaction, so he pushed more. “I think we could use some time apart.”
“Hello Dean.” Cas said smiling at him. He was driving fast, more than the speed limit, but he had found this abandoned route from Kansas to Illinois long ago that actually quartered the travelling time. They were going to reach in 1.5 hours.
“Our Golden Boy! Our Rockstar! Our Prince!” Benny and Victor yelled getting everyone to laugh and Dean give a flustered glare at the two.
“I love Castielle ok,” She begun, “And I know how Dean is, or well how I used to be. I just thought that I wasn’t going to have my happily ever after, but at least I could help with getting Dean overcome his denial. I know he loves you. He is just scared. I wished I could help you get your happy ending. But it isn’t the only reason I am doing it,” she said, as Castiel was going to speak, “I wanna see if Castielle would get jealous too. If she does, great. At least I know my feelings are reciprocated and I will work my ass off to get her to confess to me. If not, at least the memory of having Cas for myself. Well, you Cas, not my Cas, but still Cas, but not exa-” She was interrupted by warm hands enveloping her in a big hug.
“Oh indeed.” Dean chuckled before getting the table’s attention. “Guys. You all know Castiel. Cas, this is ‘us.’ We’ll be needing a bigger table guys.” A round of ‘hey Cas’ and ‘finally!’ went around the table before the bell rang. “Welp! Looks like we gotta go but from tomorrow you’re joining us.” Dean said as he placed his hand on the small of Cas’ back, hoping to hear a sharp inhale or something, but nothing.
“Your picture has been taken. Collect it at the reception. Thank you for choosing the Submarine Tour. Please come and visit us in Sea Life Park again.” The car started to move, and Jack pulled back.
“Yeah. I remember our talks about our rings and how it would look. With my fiancé. We had settled on these rings.” Dean said, but Rowena didn’t care.
“If you say ‘burden’ I swear to god, I will backslap you. Dean! You are my brother. If anyone is a burden, it’s me. I have been pulling you down since you were four. You had to take care of me when Dad didn’t. Give me your food and starve because there wasn’t enough food. You have always taken responsibility of me. Can I just, once, try to do the same for you?” Sam asked, turning on his puppy eyes on Dean.
Cas was having a great time. And the movie didn’t contribute at all. It was all Dee. Cas thought she was going be watching the movie like a child watching Disney movie. But that wasn’t the case at all. Dee was watching the movie like how a kid would be watching the movie, if they were allowed. Cas was enjoying Dee’s shrieks and jumps, whenever something happened. She would also start muttering nonsense during the really quiet parts, so that the sudden jump scare wouldn’t scare her, ultimately failing and screaming.
So Lucifer and Michael are being a pain in the butt as always... I love how Kali just doesnt give a f*#k even though she should be taking care of her Kingdom. And Davies (Mick Davies from canon) trying to change for his daughter uwu.
The wedding had been really informal. Charlie was in her red gown with gold borders, accompanied with a hip chain made from linking thin gold rings together, and a red cape knotted at the neck with a gold brooch. Gilda wore her Fairy costume, which was a plain white dress, with netted loose sleeves and a silver border, that flow to her legs. The officiator had done his thing, pronouncing the two wife and wife, then everyone cheered. After dinner, Meg had let Charlie and Gilda go to her house, to do the deed. Garth, Bess, Benny, Andrea, and Pamela went back home, while Amelia and Christine stayed the night. Jo, Ash, Bobby, and Ellen decided to leave the next day in the morning as Roadhouse got awesome business during the New Years. Mary wanted to stay, so Sam went to get more clothes for the three, able to sustain till New Years. Meg, Balth, and Gabe stayed for the night, deciding to go back the next day afternoon.
Dean overreacted for nothing. Dean burst laughing and when he saw Belphie’s confused look, Dean replied “I am not going to say anything to anyone. It’s just I thought you were kidnapped by someone, or worse.” Dean erupted, this time Belphie joined in laughing. “Anyway, why are you here? I understand Jack’s got cavities, why couldn’t your uncle just take you with him?”
“Woman of Letters.” Jody chimed in. “Petition to change the sexist name.” Many including Charlie whooped at that. Jody nodded and continued. “Anyways, my family was the reason I joined. My son had died in an accident long time ago, but he came back, and I was selfish. I let him in and it ended with me finding my husband in his pool of bed, and my son sitting near his corpse. Mouth full of blood.” Donna rubbed Jody’s back in a motion of consolation. “Anyways, it ended with me putting a bullet through my son’s head. Duplicate son.” Jody finished and sat down.
“WOW!” Everyone, including the lady gasped. The baby cooed happily as Cas did it. Cas turned around to them and asked.
Dean groaned as the four started reading the article, oohing at the interview Becky had someone got from Haley, Tom, and Ben. The three had exaggerated how buff Hunter looked, and how extravagant Psychic’s hair was. Dean went back to sleeping but was woken up by someone slapping his back. He could hear someone talk, but he needed time to wake himself up. As he sobered up, he saw a girl move her hands fast.
“I di-, oh, you mean previously. Just to annoy you, to be honest.” Castiel chuckled at that. “And I have been wanting to tell you something.”
Jess and Sam had their midterms, and though they were smart af, they still worried about getting good grades. It being the final year for both, Jess and Sam wanted to finish with a bang. But they were stressing out, and three days into break, Dean couldn’t take it anymore. So, he put a ban on anything related to academics, and handed consoles to the two, to join him in an epic battle of Purgatory. The goal was to fight the monsters that lurked the place, and to find and escape through the human portal.
“It won’t.” Rowena said softly. “I can’t. Her energy, I can’t track it anywhere. All I know is that she is not on Earth.” Gabe fell to the floor, staring at his lifeless love. Tears fell from his eyes, but he didn’t have the energy to yell, cry, hell even heave. “Oh, poor you!” She rubbed Gabe’s arm. “I’m so sorry, darling.”
“Yeah. All thanks to Clarissa.” Bobby smiled. “She had learnt about the angels’ plan and also learnt about Angel and Demon tablets.” Bobby was about to get the book but saw how Cas and Loki were looking at their mom and talking to each other about her. “Turned out these tablets were written in Enochian and were buried in different locations. Clarissa had started an expedition tour and found the two tablets, Demon in Barbatos, and Angel in Missouri. She also discovered there was something called the Leviathan Tablet in Israel but that didn’t hold any instructions to how to shut off Angels. But had information about how to defeat Leviathans. After Clarissa got the key to shut Angels off, she did the spell and a barrier was formed. She had translated the Demon, Angel, and Leviathan tablets, but after that she left. No one ever knew why.”
5 or so people went around before Ellen got up. “Name’s Ellen, and I’m a Woman of Letters,” She winked at Jody, “I am sometimes a Warrior when my rebel of a daughter loves to go fighting and getting her ass in trouble.” Hunter sniggered, getting a glare from Jo and nudge from Psychic. “I got in because of my husband who was a Men of Letters and died in a fight.” She sat down.
“Bobby. I found something.” Dean said as he got up with his book. “Three Fights have taken place in upstate New York by Warriors who burnt the painting. One in 1912, the other in 1945, and the recent one in 1970.”
“Yeah, but the people in the store couldn’t remember anything, except the parents. I summoned them and got to know about this.” Angel said.
The opening tunes of You Shook me All Night by AC/DC filled the room and it was time for the first segment, pole dancing. Castiel was able to himself up on the pole, but Gabe couldn’t, so he suggested he will entertain Sam and Jess, while Castiel enticed the audience with his flexibility.
Anyway!!! I will not be posting next week both Wednesday and Thursday so sorry about that. SHARE UR COMMENTS AND THOUGHTS ABOUT BOTH THE CHAPTER AND WHATEVER I HAVE SHARED IN THE END NOTES... What do u guys think abt my interpretation? Do you have more to talk abt Meg and Cas???
. Dean didn’t know why but he felt proud at those words. “I love them so much. Their father did an awesome job bringing them up alone. Anyway, what happened with you and the twins?”
“Dude, just sing the damn song!” Sam yelled at his brother. “Cas stole my book and wants you to sing the song he asked for.” He grumbled.
“But you know what I am saying is true. I swear, if you don’t tell me how to reverse the witch’s spell, and help me with it, I will kill you, and I know you know I am capable of doing it.”
Belphie placed his hand awkwardly at Krissy’s hips, while Krissy laid her arms on Belphie’s shoulders, wrapping them around his neck, bringing them close to each other. They swayed to the music, dancing jerkily, not looking at each other at first. But few minutes later, they relaxed and started dancing normally.
“Yeah, you say peace.” Iron Man said, holding his (her) hand out, “But I think you mean the other thing.”
Dinner went smoothly. Cas had asked the two whether everything was cool between the two, and they nodded, showing their hands together as a symbol. Jack had smiled but didn’t say anything. Belphie had now stopped wearing his sunglasses at home, but still wore it to school.
They had forgotten to announce their engagement. “Oh yeah! We are actually engaged. Been engaged for-” Cas chuckled at the twins’ incredulous look, and added, “But that’s a different story. We wanted to tell you about something… else.”
“And our hangout last week. Cas wanted to listen to the song Garth was singing. Poison by Bell Biv Devoe. But you demeaned Garth’s taste and made Cas listen to Zeppelin and AC/DC.”
Dean wanted to know about who their father was. But Charlie’s question brought him back to the track. “As I parked my car and was about to enter the building, I heard Jack tell the other three, Belphie, Adam, and Alfie, that my car was the Batmobile. I couldn’t help but reply that I was Batman. The way they were staring at my car me made me laugh. They looked adorable. Then I enter class to find the twins in the first row and their friends somewhere in the back. The way the interacted was lovable. When everyone left the class, they called me Mr. Campbell or Dean, but twins called me with different names. Jack had called me Batman, from our interaction in the morning, whereas Belphie called me Ya Boii.”
“My name’s Missouri Moseley. I will be your nurse. Could you all wait outside for a moment? I have to check her status.” Everyone stayed outside the room. Few minutes later, Missouri came out. “She is ready to deliver. We will be transferring her to the operation room. The father will be allowed inside, others have to stay out. Clear?” The others nodded. Missouri worked with other staffs and getting everything ready.
“Overall, it was a good experience. Nothing amiss.” Sam stated to himself. “Tell me, Laura and Gary, before you went to bed that day, did you notice anything weird?”
“You know, it could have been you who spiked the beer.” Rowena looked at him incredulously, and he shrugged. “Just saying. I remember you couldn’t handle the beer on day 3. Maybe you wanted to knock me down a peg due to jealousy. Maybe it’s you who is off your game.”
“You know how everyone says Nick is someone you should stay away from? He isn’t. He is just misunderstood.” Kelly said. “The town heard a rumor of how he had left his father and had rebelliously stood up against his morals. But actually, his father had tried to make ties with the wrong crowd, and he wasn’t up for it. Long story short, his father kicked him out for not doing as he was told.” Cas replied with a simple ‘oh’. He had never cared for the people’s gossips. He lived in his own world, trying to get money, and get ready for his life. “Anyway, I called for a totally different reason.”
“Papa is coming to pick us up.” Jack said, fast and with a tense face. Belphie nudged his elbow into Jack and muttered something akin to ‘Calm Down!’ in Jack’s ear.
P.S. sorry if the formating is really messed up. My laptop was acting up so I decided to post this chapter via my phone (and it is my first time doing so)... pls do tell me if the formatting is ok :)
As soon as she left the room Dean nudged Sam by his elbow, but didn’t stop playing, “Dude, marry her.”
Usually Jess and Sam would cheer them from the side, where visitors were allowed, but today they had to go clothes shopping. Jess was now beautifully plump, and it being 1 month before the wedding, they had to go buy a dress. Meg had called them a week before saying the wedding dress shop was free to attend privately for the couple. Jess and Sam wanted to not see each other’s wedding clothes so Meg had suggested that she could bring Balthazar and he could take Sam for his shopping, and Meg would assist Jess with her shopping.
After few minutes, everything was ready and Gabe heard footsteps, noting the arrival of Cassie and Belphie.
“Well now we know you are gonna die for real.” Dean said as he shot her but before the bullet reached her, Mabel had hexed Cas and Dean, unknowing to them.
“Jack and Belphie are there waiting for their father, and I thought that I make sure that it was him, and they were ok.”
Cas supervised, walking 12 minutes back and forth between the Museum and the statue. Being a semi-known travel-photographer, the museum was more than happy to let Cas and his students work. He had helped a student to get the focus right on the camera – more like pulled him back by the hair, wondering how one could be stupid to place the camera 1 millimeter away from their targeted object. Another student was just lazy to not crouch down and get the beautiful shot of the statue. He rather enjoyed bending a little, resting his hand on his knee, and lethargically taking pictures. Cas got him the kid to kneel and get the photo – more like pressed his shoulders and kneed his shin, getting the kid to lose balance and fall to the ground.
, right on Easter, which Balthazar has under control. Meg do you want to take control of the one on July 17
“Guys! Come in, we are ‘helping’ Claire ‘clean’ her room.” Kaia said winking, as Clark came downstairs. He had greeted the 4 with a high five. Belphie didn’t like how Clark’s gaze lingered on Jack more, but he didn’t say anything. They went upstairs to Claire’s room, to find Claire’s butt, popping from the closet. Kaia went and slapped her butt, “Yo, Claire’s butt. What are you doing?”
“I think they were having an argument the whole week about whether the Glinda the Good Witch was a princess or not.”
“As always.” Psychic answered as Hunter placed his left hand on Psychic’s shoulder. Psychic was able to find the lady who was drowning, pour salt down her throat and stop the drowning. Hunter, by that time secured the premises with salt and got rid of the ghost. “Can you tell us what happened?” Psychic asked and the lady said how she had seen a ship near the harbor during her jog and when she came back to take a shower, the ghost had placed it’s hand on her head, causing her to feel like she was drowning. “Thank you. And don’t clean the salt lines. Please don’t leave the house until we come back to give a clear.” Psychic said before Hunter teleported them back home. It was almost dinner time when the two reached. Bobby informed them how he’s close to getting a location. He asked the two to go sleep after their report, reminding Dean about his date tomorrow. Dean groaned and returned to his room, so did Sam. The fight was really tiring.
It was the second week of school and Dean had afternoon football meeting. Dean had asked him to wait a few hours, but Sam loved the feel of fresh breeze on his face when he walked the streets that were wrought with greenery, so, he left home alone. He stepped out of the school premises and a question popped up in his mind.
“Uh huh.” Hunter replied again, then said, “Yeah… ahem… sure Cas. Will do! But isn’t it early for dressing up?” Hunter asked.
“I flirted with him, a lot. Touched him constantly and yet he didn’t understand I liked him more than a friend. During the fall break, I took him on a picnic, yet he didn’t know that I had taken him on a date. I told him I liked him more than a friend, and that idiot had the audacity to ask me ‘like best friends?’. I couldn’t take it anymore, so I kissed him on the lips. That was when Saman understood that I liked him in a boyfriend way.” Adam had said. Clark thanked Adam. The direct approach was the only option, but Clark was a coward, and he would not kiss Jack. But a picnic sounded nice. He will ask Belphie about it.
“Good.” Kelly nodded. Suddenly her voice sounded muffled. “Honey it’s Castiel. The one who worked with me.” There was a reply heard distantly. “L- Nick says hi. Anyway, bye Cassie.”
The gang got up to see what was happening. And Belphie saw it. Krissy was unconscious on the floor, with blood flowing through her nose non-stop. “KRIS!” Belphie yelled and ran towards Krissy’s unconscious body.
“Right this second, but first Cas, ask the kids. If they are ok with it then we’ll start moving a little by little and finish off by the end of the month. By the way, let’s have a date this Friday.”
“… How do I tell him?” Cas asked quietly. Maybe he should tell Dean. He remembers all those times when others talked about how hot a guy or girl looked and Cas never understood it. But now he does, and who knows when he is going to like someone else? Kelly smiled a sly smile and then told him what to do.
There were students who did great too. This one girl, Hester, captured the light falling onto a well from the Sun, capturing the rustic vintage look of Cowtown Museum. Cas had appreciated her talent, for which she bowed. Cas himself took some pictures of the statue, capturing it in the Ring of Fire, which he saw another student follow. The students had gone back to work after lunch, but Cas went and sat near the river, putting his legs in and feeling the fish eat the dead skin of his legs. He heard a click of camera and turned to find Hannah with her camera raised to her face, capturing him and the city’s reflection on the water. She took another click of him facing her, for which Cas smiled and returned to his work.
“Cas what the hell?” Dean asked in disbelief. “He is your brother! The one you were afraid of few minutes ago and now you guys are A-Okay?” Dean asked annoyed. “And yes, he was Bucky Barnes.” He yelled at Loki. Cas couldn’t help but admire how protective his honeybee was of him. “And you!” Dean turned to Bobby. “You carry him in and don’t even let me see him! You make Sam and my friends jump on me? For what? For me to not freak out?” Dean huffed. “Newsflash Bobby! I just lost one person I cared about, and I will freak out if I was going to lose another!”
The last week of the break was Dean calming down two newly engaged, panicking college students. Their midterms had ended on Halloween, so that was not the reason.  The first two days were checking whether it was a false positive or not. After confirming that it was true, they went to the OB/GYN nearby to understand whether the baby was healthy or not. Jess said that she had stopped drinking since the beginning of October, to focus more on her studies.
Right now, everyone was doing their work when Gabe, Meg, and Balthazar barged in through the doors, and set something near the tree. No one minded until Mary started wailing looking at it. While Ellen carried Mary to soothe her, others turned towards it. They would have cried too if Cas didn’t ask, “Why is the Grim-Nook Family here?”
“I thought you didn’t nee-” Krissy said getting up but was suddenly an inch near Jacob’s face, with his hands on her collar.
Loki gripped his right hand in the way he knew would wake him up; his thumb and index finger holding the thumb of the body, and the rest of his fingers on the right corner of the palm. Loki then squeezed the hand tightly in the same manner.
Castiel walked towards Jack and gestured him to sit on the sofa. “Does the name Clark Barker ring any bells?”
“I miss you, Dean. And I feel guilty as hell. And I know it’s not all right. Not at all.” Sam said, as tears started pooling in his eyes. “I am really sorry Dean. I don’t know why I said it. It was so stupid of me.” Sam took a stuttered breath then continued. “You were always there for me. Without you, I would have not been here. Dean, you are the reason I am alive. You believe you are only good as Hunter, but Dean, you have helped me a lot as my big brother. You protect me from everything. You are not a leech. If anyone is, I am. You gave up everything for me and I don’t appreciate you enough.” Sam was openly crying now, and Dean couldn’t handle it. “For fuck sake! I said I would be better without you… everyone knows I would have ended up under a bridge if it weren’t for you. I am so, so, so sorry Dean.”
Sam was feeling a little sad that Dean wasn’t here. Maybe he could get him a pie when he goes back. Jess and Sam had come down to their top 10, and then comparing their lists, the came down to 5. They were in a stalemate, not knowing which two to eliminate so Sam called Dean.
Everyone returned to their room, this time Castielle joining Deanna in her room, and Castiel taking over Castielle’s room. It was a really good end today in opposite day.
Belphie was clutching his stomach and rolling on the floor laughing, while Jack was utterly confused. He had asked the gang whether Glinda was a princess or not, which ensued the argument between Alfie and Adam. He still didn’t know whether Glinda was a princess or not, and he was confused.
“Yeah. I think I will talk with him in school. Thanks Bobby!” Sam nodded determinedly and got up to leave to his room.
“I lost my balance.” Sam said, as Claire turned an amused smile at him. Mary let out a loud shriek of happiness and Sam heard someone get up. “Quick! Give me Mary and go!” The kids scrambled and Sam was trying to see who was coming out.
Cas left the house with the hex bag, determined to find the witch, and prove his worth as a human, and Dean followed trying to stop him from doing something stupid. Sam, as usual, was left to deal with the victims. “Well, thank you for your time. Hope you have a great day.” Sam replied in one breathe as he started out of the house, ignoring their questions about the hex bag and the lady.
The two entered and walked around, trying to sense if anything was cursed or not. It was near a painting of a family Cas stopped. “No.”
“I had the best day today. These kids in Avengers costume came in and…” Loki went on with his story and how they had an epic battle. He also proudly said how him learning Loki’s lines in all the movies had finally come to use, while Rowena usually mocked him about it.
“I don’t care about the dates to be honest. Just wanna flex on everyone out there. Showing my big guns.” Victor, the cornerback, said as he flexed his arms.
Dean was not up for it at first, scared what would happen if the twins accidentally revealed it to someone, but at the end it was Cas’ call to share, so he compromised. Cas and Dean had decided to tell the twins after breakfast. Krissy never got up before afternoon on Saturdays and Sundays. She called it heathenistic. The 4 finished breakfast and cleaned the table when Cas started. “Bees?”
Nowadays, the four went for most of the Fights while Sam, Dean, and Cas focused on their careers. Only during some serious fights did the three jump into action. The kids usually came to the meetings with Rowena and Eileen, while Angel, Psychic, and Hunter, teleported themselves to the venue. Now that everyone had their own house, Bobby had transformed the bunker into the usual meeting place. Charlie and Jo had started a life but didn’t adopt kids as they didn’t want to.
“Don’t you say you are sorry. What was that Belphegor? I told you to stop and you just ignored me. Why were you so persistent on knowing who she likes? Why do you care? Do you know how insensitive it is to-”
Dean was nowhere to be found. Jess had left a party for this crap. She was about to turn when a tall figure came into sight. “Sam? What are you doing here? Didn’t you say you were using the restroom in the party? And you are wearing a costume. Are you a ring?”
“This,” Castiel said patting himself down, “this is my pregnant look. Belphie helped me with it. How do I look? Am I too fat?” Castiel asked, feeling insecure.
“Seriously? You teleport and flying is what troubles you the most?” Sam asked incredulously, getting a shove from Dean.
The first time she laid her eyes on Deanna in Hell, she knew she was in trouble. She couldn’t help but admire her Father’s most beautiful creation, the trees, could be even more beautiful trapped in the eyes of the Righteous Man (well woman in human standards, but man was just a word). She loved the freckles that smattered along Deanna’s cheeks and nose, resembling the constellations Father had spread across the Earth’s sky. She loved the bright blue of Deanna’s soul, reminding her of the waterfalls that Father had placed in each nook and corner of the Earth. Castielle loved the blonde gentle curls that fell on the rough yet stunning skin of Deanna’s.
Cas nodded. “Here.” He suddenly stopped. “Near the red tulip.” Cas said as he went there. Dean followed him to find Cas already digging up a box. He opened it and found a key and a clue,
“I know you told us that you were going to the other side of town, so Belphie told me we could call Uncle Gabe, but I wanted to ask you first.” Jack said in hushed tone. “Belphie told me I have to lie that Uncle Gabe is you, and I will do it, but before we do that I wanted to know if it is ok?”
“Yo Asstiel!” Sam scolded. “What are you doing there?” There was some rustling and a voice came through. “Hey Cassie! How’s the school like?”
“How about Dean and Bobby check out the painting, while we go check the museum for other cursed objects.” Sam suggested.
“Sure.” Dean ran to the librarian desk and came back with plastic bag. “Let’s empty the jar and save the candies for later.”
Dean was slouched over the toilet, as Cas leaned back on the bathtub, both with sad, annoyed, angry, and most importantly hopeless looks. They had shifted their pity-party from the bathroom to the bedroom, both on the floor and breathing, trying to calm themselves down.
“Cas.” Both blondes’ breath looking at their respective Cas. “Do you know who she is?” Dean asks, jerking his head towards the blonde pinning him down, now he knows is named Deanna, like his grandma.
"It's not because of you guys!" Ash exclaimed, stopping the thoughts that were running in lightning speed in Ellen's mind. "Stop blaming yourselves! Betty you were the best sister I ever had and you were just 3! And Ma, you were awesome. It was me." Ash stopped took a deep breath and from before, "Like I said, when I turned 15, my presentation happened. You all told me I was an Alpha. But as the days went by I felt like I was not an Alpha, so I decided to check how I feel. Years after years I got more confused, no straight answers about what I was feeling. So when I finally got the answer, I knew you guys wouldn't like it."
Dean smiled at Cas before nodding at Gabe and getting up. Cas eagerly waited for Dean to get his guitar and get to the front of the classroom to sing Cas’ favorite song. Dean strummed his guitar for a while, before he sang.
“Really?! Right in front of my salad?” Belphie groaned. A honk from outside alerted Clark that the car was here.
“Yeah... Dark.” Dean said. “Look even I don’t know what happened ok. Loki said it was better to tell everyone at a time instead of reliving it again and again. And before they talked, he wanted the mood to be cheerful.” Dean shrugged. “The prank was actually Loki’s idea.”
“According to my research,” Cas said as he handed a piece of clothing to Hunter, “Bucky was controlled by Russian spies and so whenever they wanted to torture him, it was easier to manipulate the clothes he was wearing to restrain himself.”
I thought no one would find out. But somehow Sam did. It was the smile he directed at me in the hallways. Looking at his brother then at me. Always wiggling his eyebrows at me. And Gabe got to know it from Sam. And the two spent time talking with one another about us. I did the stupid things 15 years old would do. I entered my name and Dean’s in a love test and hoped for it to be above 80 and jumped when I got a whopping 100%. I tried to check whether we’d be friends, lovers, acquaintances, married, or enemies through that stupid game F.L.A.M.E.s but chickened out when the last two options were F and L.
The footsteps approaching startled Castiel. He quickly closed his journal, sliding his pen in the elastic of the book, and hiding it in his bag.
Cas came back a while later and said. “I have gotten a flight ticket. Till you board the flight, I will be with you. Capische?” Dean smiled brightly as he snatched Cas’ ticket and walked to the security check-in, with Cas in tow. The two did all the formalities together and reached the boarding gates and stood together, looking at the flights taking off. It was a while later the boarding call to Dean’s flight came on.
“Come in.” Belphie’s muffled voice came through the room. Jack opened to find Belphie flat on his stomach on the bed.
“Dude, couldn’t you shut your trap for a while. I thought this was our thing. To get away from the gooeyness.”
After that there was more mingling. They cut a cake that was shaped in 2-0-0-0 each number a different flavor, took selfies and photos. Dean went and talked with the girls he had gotten closer with during the last 2 years of his high school. But it didn’t stop him from taking glances of Cas who was in middle of the crowd of kids that were wowing at his photos.
“What my friend is asking is that we just saw the painting somewhere else. And they claimed it to be the original.” Sam smiled tightly and turned to Cas giving a look. Cas stuck his tongue out, gaining Sam’s bitchface as a reply.
“- Just one chance to come back here and tell our enemies that they may take our lives, but they will never take…”
“You kill the witch. But looking at how Kevin already killed him, if you want to break the curse, we need to find that book.”
He couldn’t live in Sonny’s home anymore. Heck, he couldn’t live in New York anymore. With the money he had, he bought a cheap Lincoln Continental Mark V and rode off with his babies and all his stuff. He stopped in motels whenever the babies and he needed rest. He was able to find a cheap yet huge house in La Honda, California, and so he went there. He had a lot of money, but he wanted to save it, now that he had two babies.
“No man, I insi-” Sam started but was interrupted by a car horn, getting distracted. Cas took this opportunity to teleport himself to the boulder.
“You guys ready to leave?” Cas asked wiping his hands down his apron and transforming into Angel. Others had left already and only the three were left now.
It took few more minutes for the two to release themselves. Cas fell on to Dean in exhaustion. He later turned himself and faced Dean, lazily kissing his lips. “That was -” Cas started, his chest rising up and falling down fast.
“I thought he said wow because I could make flower crowns, was that not it?” Jack asked, tilting his head, squinting eyes, burrowing his eyebrows, and swinging his legs back and forth.
“Yeah but I didn’t. Sam doesn’t know what I saw.” Dean got up and started to the Research Lair, missing the look Sam and Bobby shared. “Come on Bobby. Let’s go.”
“The pie is actually a great idea. If you want to make him laugh, why don’t you sing like Belphie does? Make it a karaoke kind of thing.” Castiel said, trying to get his twins to not think about the dance. Castiel knew his methods of parenting was really different from others. He cursed in front of them, did weird shit in front of them, with them, and for them. There was nothing wrong with it, he believed. The twins weren’t going to turn corrupt because of it. They will learn to appreciate everyone and everything because of that, and not judge anyone. Castiel believed this but others didn’t so he told the kids that whatever happens in the house would be their secret.
“Hi, I am good,” Sam responded with a smile, “Can I have the usual please? And two double bacon cheeseburger, with extra-“
“Wait. So, we both, I mean four, had the same day. Killed Mabel, or Imabel, went to bunker, told Sammy everything and went to bed in your respective rooms?” Dean asked.
"No problem Gabriel." Meg returned with a small smile, happy that her mate's brother approved of their relationship. As soon as the words left Meg's mouth, the sirens in the castle started blaring.
“We all have kissed so how would sex be?” Meg said then noticed Castiel blushing. “What’s up, unicorn?”
“Relax man! First relax….” She yawned then continued. “Now. First talk with him. From yesterday’s class I can see that two have potential.”
“So, you are saying, we’ve got the OG Jack the Ripper, and a delusional attention seeking kid in our hands?” Dean summarized. “Well then, we’ve got the info, the gear… I say we gank this son of a bitch right now.”
“Finding constellations in your freckles. The last time I saw it was with Meg and Zar… on my roof.” Cas said nonchalantly. “The sky isn’t that clear nowadays, but your freckles make up for it.”
Almost two minutes later, Clarissa entered the room, opening the door with a bang. “Rowena! I need your hel- Why are you cuffed to a pole?”
The Cas’ went to the library, to see whether they could find anything to reverse the spell, while Dean and Deanna cleaned up the table and dishes.
“Well, wasn’t it too…” He got up stretching like a languid cat, “um… I don’t know, easy?” He shrugged then suddenly materialized near Hunter. “No showdown with the ghost trying to protect the bones.” Angel asked.
“Which one? They all look the same.” Gabe said. One of the identical men went to the man carrying dress robes. “Super hearing on.”
Cas looked at the building before taking calming breaths and turning to the girl in front of him. “Just one more favor. Tell him I will never trouble him ever again.”
The game started as Belphie sat down. Adam and Alfie on one side and Clark and Jack on the other. The banner holders sat in the back while Claire and Kaia sat in front of him, ultimately bracketing him. The teams came out from the changing room and everyone started cheering. Belphie could see Kris from where he was sitting but tried not to. The game was really intense. It was 10 minutes into the game and the two teams had scored 10 points (5 baskets) equally.
“And I will go to the library and see if I can find anything.” Castielle said moving towards the library.
Belphie was happy that Kris was getting friends but there was this one boy that annoyed him a lot. Kris met Jacob when he was thrown against a locker, face and stomach first. Kris had gone to help him and beat the ass of the person who did that when she was informed that he was trying to film himself body slamming into a locker. When she asked why, he had replied with a simple ‘For Locker Slam’ and looked at her like she was crazy. Turns out the two play in the basketball team so they got together really close. Jacob was in his second last year of middle school (1 year above them). Nowadays Jacob came over to their house to practice basketball with Kris, Jack and Kris on one team and Belphie and Jacob on the other. The two always smiled at each other and hung out a lot. It didn’t change anything between Belphie and Krissy. They exchanged their usual unsettling threats, had their awkward conversations, but the ease Jacob and Krissy had in their conversations annoyed Belphie.
“Move honey, I am not going to hurt him.” The man chuckled. “Name’s *inaudible* but call me Angel, honey.” The man winked and said as he touched Psychic’s forehead with his fingertips.
“Research”, Cas said, lifting her book and went back to burying her nose in it, to get rid of thoughts of how plump his lips were.
“What did you just say?” Dean asked. Belphie, Jack and Krissy were playing with 1-year old Grace when she said it.
Before Sam could answer, Dean asked, “Why did the report say this was the first attempt that was successful?”
“The kids started choking on the Jello that entered their nose and mouth.” Meg said. “The kids were then taken to the hospital and were bettered.”
“Ah… ooh… ah… cold, so cold… ah.” Belphie let out a bunch of noises before snatching a throw pillow from the armrest, settling the tub of ice cream on top of it. He then switched on the TV to watch The Exorcist. Papa had banned him and Jack from watching it because
"Why?" This time Ellen asked from the sofa. "What was so unappealing of us that you just had to leave? What did I do wrong?"
Sam responded by enveloping his brother in a bear hug and saying, “You at least came, and that’s more than enough.” Dean laughed at that as he pulled back, his eyes catching a familiar redhead. As he walked towards her, he saw Gabriel, “Finally I’ve come. You happy now? Insistent piece of shit.”
"You can do this Anna." She hyped herself up once, then thrice before taking a deep breath and starting her work.
Angel released the sheriff and asked, “Now will you or will you not tell me where you buried his cycle?”
Cas stared at Dean’s lips as he ate the food, he had got for him. That was weird, so Cas took a deep breath to calm himself down before looking around, distracting himself from the noises coming from Dean. The first thing that caught Cas’ eye was Cole wiggling his eyebrows and smiling knowingly, looking between him and Dean. Cas glared at him, but Cole returned it with a thumbs up. Not knowing what to do, Cas stole a quick glance of Dean before looking at the ground.
“DEAN! What the hell… Ah… so good!... What are you doing?” Cas stuttered as he asked, while Dean was still rubbing his hole. He could feel his thighs tremor with pleasure.
