The other man was up for a fight, but Sally put her hand on his arm. “He’s not worth it,” she slurred. “Let’s get out of here, Anderson.” She stood, wavering, and spared a glance at Sherlock over her shoulder. No recognition. He was humiliated.
“Of course the government bloody knows,” he hisses. “I’m talking about the people, Holmes.”
“You can’t be serious.”
John smiles grimly. “I wake up screaming bloody murder, always before sunrise.”
“Did you…” John lets up on the sheet. “It’s silly, but…had you met her before, Sherlock? Adler, I mean.”
“I know. I have no desire to place such a blame on anyone, let alone Sherlock. Let’s please not forget that I love him as dearly as you do.”
“It shouldn’t have happened this way. It’s not fair. Another time, another place, anywhere else in the world. It should have been different. Between us, I mean. You and me.” His voice quickens, tumbling, momentum. “It was
“Moriarty,” begins John, and then it’s a blur. A complot, a reporter, fraud fraud fraud,
Nearly a decade since the United Kingdom began the war and finally the fighting has reached her heart. Bullets sing. The bright and frightened shouts of soldiers color the grey stone buildings and stain the faces of every citizen. John even spots Death lurking in an alleyway behind an enemy barricade of sandbags and barbed wire. He sighs. Are they not too modern for such materials nowadays? He wonders where the chrome and the refined artillery have gone. Probably to the same place as the economy. Another sigh. He sips resignedly at his coffee.
“I know we knew the risks,” snaps Mycroft. Irene does not flinch. He shifts and taps the edge of his glass with his index finger. “You know I trust you more than anyone in this whole bloody military, ranking be damned. You’re the smartest. The best I know. It’s a shame you’ve got such a tongue on you, otherwise you might have been at the head of this whole sodding mess long ago.”
“Evacuation.” He closes his eyes. “They’re going to evacuate the city.”
John wants to tell him not to worry. Then again, maybe the concern isn’t for him at all— maybe it’s for his wife whose mother is pressuring them to have kids, or his dog who keeps trying to break into the trash, or his job that pays the bills but is only enough. It could be anything, really. Mike might not even have reason for concern, not yet; maybe he hasn’t even noticed it. The paleness. Yet.
“I am always serious.” Indeed, he looks almost solemn, betrayed only by the gleam of impatience in his eye. “She is an idiot.”
But they are adults and they are powerful, and they have responsibilities, and at the most terrible times those responsibilities are of course the greatest. Mycroft Holmes sighs and drains his glass in one tremendous gulp. Irene Adler raises an eyebrow, impressed. But more than anything she is trying to stave off the alarm that turns the air static.
“I play the violin,” he says, “quite often before sunrise.”
“I’ll go ask for Watson right now,” she says eventually. “I spotted him moping about in the waiting room not half an hour ago.”
Mycroft sighs as if he has just been dealt a mortal blow. He starts talking; Sherlock pays him little attention. The past two decades of his life have been returned to him in an instant. What will it take to regain the rest?
“Nor, John,” he says, “are you ordinary.”
Death sighs and shuts his eyes.
And he removes his socks.
He goes back to his therapist, who looks at his skin, and he thinks he sees in the pressing together of her lips a certain terminality.
Fear is an infection, Sherlock considers in moderate revulsion as John turns to him with an infinite expression in his eyes, although of what emotion Sherlock is not sure. John is sad. Obviously. But his face is capable of so much at one time. Sherlock theorizes that John has never restricted himself, so he has developed a way to moderate his heart. Emotions spill and swirl together at the corners of his eyes and the bow of his lips, at the slope of his nose and the tiny dip of his chin, but they are not too bright, and the colors are tasteful. The shading is nice, too; a little stronger where the light hits, softer where subtlety is wanting. Fine work. Not that of a master, no. The canvas is too torn and weary. But it is fine work nevertheless.
Sherlock frowns.
The old man lifts his gaze to the ceiling. His face clouds with memory. Memory. Only now does Sherlock understand the value of such a thing.
They kiss spontaneously, impulsively. Even Sherlock cannot predict when. Sometimes, it happens at the worst moments: just as John lifts a cup of tea to his lips, just as the cabby pulls up to the curb, just as Sherlock bends over to inspect a corpse. Other times, they have better luck: pressed up against the kitchen counter, in the back of the cab (where John lifts his hand and curls his fingers into Sherlock’s hair), walking back to Baker Street after a case has been solved, when their lips taste like adrenalin and victory. After these kisses, John smiles at him.
“You’re just fine.” John’s eyes are unfocused. Silence. John shifts. He’s fiddling with a corner of the sheet. He wants to say something. Sherlock waits.
Sherlock manages to convince Angelo to dump the food into a brown paper page, and they head straight to Baker Street. They dodge the shadows that dusk blends into the horizon and duck inside just before the clouds break into a thin rain. Water trails along the windows as John fetches two plates and sets the kettle on to boil. Watching him, Sherlock thinks that he might even eat something.
At long last, John sinks to his knees, and puts his head in his hands.
Sherlock nods. A shadow crosses John’s face.
And was it strange to take tea with Sherlock Holmes? Perhaps. But John wasn’t thinking about that at the time. They sat cramped at the kitchen table with the glimmering test tubes between them and drank from chipped mugs. The cupboards were bare and all Sherlock kept in his refrigerator was a small jar of martini olives (for what cocktail parties, John had laughed, and Sherlock had chuckled softly, and then they had both realized with a jolt of surprise that they must look something like two friends) so despite the murky green color they ate them. Admittedly it was a strange combination because of course ordinary tea seemed out of place with the olives. But all in all, it tasted alright. In fact the conversation (music, medicine, different types of tobacco, anything that came to mind) lent the whole affair a pleasant flavor.
is going on here?" Sherlock whispered in a trembling voice, leaning up with his hands against the wardrobe. In such a stance it was difficult to determine whether he was holding himself up against the doors, or rather forcing them shut with all of his body weight, so as to keep something from escaping. It was as if he expected that robe to slip out through the cracks, and force itself onto his skin.
"Home sweet home." John agreed, fitting the key into the lock and pushing the door open.
"Ya, ya we're just leaving now. I'm sorry dear, I really am. I'll just drop the student off and then I'll head straight home." John demanded.
"Other bags?" John coughed, looking at the size of Sherlock's suitcase and wondering how he hadn't already packed the whole of his possessions inside.
"It's not...well it's not cruel, is it?" John insisted quietly.
"Do you want to go first this time?" John suggested with a little chuckle.
"It's fine now." John assured quietly. "It's just a dream." How he wished that he could have heeded his own words, and ignored his dreams like Mary had. How he wished that all of this could just subside, and slide into his past like a forgotten puzzle, left unfinished on the coffee table while papers piled up on top of it. Yet it would seem that it was not so easy to leave the house behind, and in John's efforts to prove the house was nothing but a structure, he found that he had never been more wrong about anything in his life. He took such a short hiatus, and yet with every passing day the house's anger grew stronger, and it collected its power to bring its people together once more. It didn't like to be alone. And so that night, just as soon as their eyes settled in for sleep, the house screamed. It screamed like an echoing banshee, in their heads so loudly that they sat up with a shriek of the own, clutching onto their heads in an effort to silence the noise. And yet it was everlasting, it was pounding against their temples, their skulls, their eardrums...the scream that left three heads ringing indefinitely, until one of them finally gave the house the attention it wanted so dearly.
Forever yours,
"Forgive me then, if I do not believe you." I shot back rather hotly, to which the detective's eyebrows rose sharply. Surely he did not appreciate such a tone, especially this late at night. I realized my mistake; however I could hardly do him the honor of apologizing. It would seem as though we were both in the wrong that night, and so ever so quietly I bowed my head in farewell, and took my leave. Yet sleep did not come easy, for whenever my eyes would dare close suddenly I was roused with the images of the occurrences that had taken place that peculiar night. I saw Milverton in his study, along with the mysterious woman who brought it upon herself to rid the world of his terrible being. And most importantly, I saw Holmes bent over that document, with such fire in his eyes that I might have mistaken him for the hearth which burned by our feet! Surely those papers must mean much to him, otherwise he would not be so reactant, nor would he be so secretive. Yet what was it that Milverton might have had? Was it a little trouble from the man's past, or was it blackmail instead on someone close to him? His brother Mycroft, perhaps might be the one in question, a man which would certainly be important enough to want on a very short leash? Or was it a client of the past, which might have meant a great deal to my friend before I had come into his company? The question troubled me immensely, and I found with great despair that it was my curiosity that would end up being the death  of me, for I knew I would not fall to sleep tonight or any other night should I not know the contents of those papers. And so like the criminal I had already become, I instead sat up with my lamp, waiting for the telltale signs that Holmes had departed to bed before I crept lightly to my feet. It was only a quick glance that would satisfy my need for knowledge, for surely the contents of such a document would be betrayed in the first couple of lines...all I would need was a peek. And so quietly I crept, noticing thankfully that the door to my friend's room was shut tight and the sitting room which we had once presided was now empty. I looked around for one quick survey of the darkened room, lit only by whatever flames the crumbling logs could provide me with, and noticing thankfully that under Holmes's pipe and tobacco was that familiar roll of papers which were of such importance to him. Surely if they were very private he would not let them lying around so carelessly, would he?  Or at least that was my single minded rationalization, for with a task at hand I always so unperceptive. Such ignorance would certainly have disappointed Sherlock Holmes, if of course the deed itself did not over shadow such witlessness. Nonetheless I snatched at the roll of papers, coming across my prize most eagerly as I unrolled the small bundle. Not to my surprise, I found two envelopes, one which was labeled in unrecognizable handwriting to my companion Holmes, and the other written in his hand yet to a name which was only just recognizable by the tales he told me of his days in university, and of course of the Gloria Scott. Victor Trevor, if I do remember correctly the lad was Holmes's only companion throughout his older years, and he had spent some time with Trevor and his father up at their house in Norfolk. Yet other than his father's unfortunate ties with prisoners and pirates, the name was about all I knew of this mysterious man. Holmes never talked much about his past, and it was with great difficulty that I had learned he had ever gone through childhood at all. In my mind, the man had erupted into this world a well-traveled and well educated sleuth, sent only to incriminate those who deserved it and spare those who did not. Yet these letters, which were not so easily in my hands, would surely open some long closed doors as to his upbringing and his background. I began with the one which was labeled to Holmes, checking now to see how the conversation went and was carried on, and saw that this one must have been the preliminary address. It started as casually as all letters must, written still in that handwriting that must have been characteristic of Victor Trevor...
As expected, everything was just as they left it. It seemed that nothing had been disturbed in their short absence; however they weren't here to investigate every room. They were focusing today mainly on the attic and basement, where they assumed it would be most likely to find things of interest. They were looking for answers, mostly on who their new mystery man was, yet also in the search for more answers on the past. John wanted to find out everything he could, and of course he wanted some evidence to prove that perhaps there was nothing romantic going on between Sherlock and that man. He wanted proof that there were many men, and that nothing distinguished that one from the rest. If Sherlock was so set on finding his soulmate then he might just have to look in the area of things he saw as impossible. Perhaps he had to realize that a century's worth of history together might hold more weight than did a simple golden band.
to be in that man's fingers. As if it had some purpose there. And so John refrained, and he watched as Sherlock looked down upon the key with a very soft expression, as he felt the meaning as well. As if that cold, iron key was warming him from the inside.
It was hard to concentrate when Rosie was screaming, yet John, as a new parent, was becoming much more accustomed to tuning her out. This wasn't what a parent was supposed to do, of course, for when a baby began to cry there was obviously something that needed attending to. Yet then again, Rosie never seemed to be satisfied! She has one issue one minute, and once that's solved she'll find another one just after he sat down! All she did was cry, and certainly tending to her every need just as soon as she let out her first wail was bad parenting. She should learn that she couldn't get everything she wanted just as soon as she decided it was necessary. That would be some sort of psychological imprinting, right? Something that she could grow up with, and turn her into a rotten, spoiled child. And even so, he was busy. And so she would just have to wait, or else he might start crying to get what he wanted to. It was impossible to get the face of that man out of his head; the one that John had seen sprawled out on the bed. If he was there or not, well every time John blinked he saw his face! And so it was a vision, if not an actual person. Something that was in his head, yet something he was familiar with all the same. Something he had never seen before, yet something his eyes could conjure up at will. And so here he sat, with a pencil in his hand, pressed up against a piece of printer paper as he tried to recreate the face that sat behind his eyelids, the face that wouldn't let him rest. Of course John was not an artist; in fact he may just be the farthest thing from it. All the same, however, he was determined to transcribe this face for someone else to see, to spit it up out of his head in an attempt to make it real. It was maddening to keep such a thing locked up, and to put it onto paper was to at least leave a part of it behind. Little by little, piece by piece, and line by line, John dragged that image of the ghost onto the paper, and finally had a man looking up at him once more. There was something missing, some sort of humanity, that wasn't present in his drawing as it had been in the man himself. There wasn't the shine of the pale skin; there wasn't the twinkle in the eyes. From what John had glanced of the ghost, the man had been lying on the bed in a helpless yet inviting position, he had been lying on his side and showing too much skin than John would have expected. He hadn't glanced down his body; he hadn't had the time before he screeched out his surprise. Yet John could remember just colors, colors that stretched down the length of the man's long body. There had been some black, and yet the predominant color had been the white skin, the skin that had been stretched across his face and therefore in his arms, and his exposed legs as well. And so John could only theorize that he had been wearing very little, if anything at all. And that was a little mystery in itself, why a man would by lying on the bed that John thought had been his own.
"Well, there's a difference between narcissism and stubbornness." John corrected, sipping now at his cola and wincing as all the little carbonated bubbles popped around his nose. Sherlock sighed, going back to his elbows and staring once more at the candles.
"I don't think I like that." Sherlock admitted quietly, to which John nodded his head in slight agreement.
"Twenty three, ma'am." Sherlock admitted hesitantly.
"Have you yet read the response?" he wondered carefully, walking slowly towards his chair yet not sitting down. Instead he stood next to the fire, staring into the flames as if it was easier to have an excuse to look away.
"I always thought a family was something of an overrated concept." Sherlock admitted quietly. John paused for a moment, wondering whether or not he agreed for just a moment. "Freedom, that's what I aspire to have."
"Not just that, no there may have been something more dignified. Maybe I had loved that man, maybe we had a relationship. But there was something incredibly crude in the act. Something that made it seem like...like there was no real meaning in it at all." Sherlock admitted quietly.
"You can move the seat you know?" John offered with a little chuckle.
"But we are...well we were. That's not the point, John that's not the point. I just came back from the hospital." Sherlock said quickly, standing where he was and noticing John take a quick step so as to ensure his balance, his face draining of all color for the slightest moment before he regained some sort of confidence.
"Okay." Sherlock muttered. "There you have it, then."
"Well yes, don't you think that's what we're meant to do in the end? We're supposed to bring the old house back together, with all of its occupants." Sherlock pointed out. John nodded quietly, not entirely sure he wanted to believe that little explanation.
"Well, vacation days must be scarce. And I'm working on an experiment that's..."
"You know this room?" John wondered.
"Little mysteries." Sherlock repeated quietly, dropping his attention from the ring yet not sliding it off just yet. John frowned, for he really didn't like the look of it on Sherlock's usually unburdened hand. This mystery man wasn't even named, yet he already seemed to have Sherlock entranced to the point of engagement! It sickened John to even think of such things. Sherlock took to investigating one side of the desk drawers while John rather absent mindedly pulled open another side, poking about in the contents to find what looked to be a leather bag filled with something heavy.
"Got no secrets to keep, Greg." He debated, to which Greg gave a great huff, and didn't look very convinced.
"Careful! It just burned me!" John exclaimed, yet his words faltered when Sherlock took the key up in his hands, handling it with long, careful fingers. He looked very intensive, something like a detective who was following a clue. He looked downright entranced, with the little bit of metal he was holding in his hands. Thankfully, the boy disregarded John's burning delusions, and instead looked up at John with a look of amazement in his eyes.
"I wasn't really listening." John lied, for he just wanted to keep this conversation focused on Sherlock. He didn't like the idea of the focus shifting upon him, and the dreams he had. He didn't want to discuss his topic of conversation at that table, with the straight forward, smoking Sherlock.
"I'm not his father." Sherlock pointed out in defense.
"You were saying?" he said with a little chuckle. Sherlock sighed heavily, leaning now on the desk in some sort of shock, as if he still wasn't prepared to find such damning evidence. Maybe all of this wasn't real enough to him, not until that envelope labeled
"Make my excuses for me, Mr. Watson, if I don't wake up." Sherlock pleaded, and with that he rolled over so that his back was facing towards John. After a moment John couldn't decide if he was actually asleep or just a really good actor, and so John sighed as quietly as he could and went to sit on one of the armchairs that were positioned around the cold fireplace. He really did wish that it was warm in here; it would be a lot easier to sleep. Then again, just as the thought crossed his mind his head had already hit the chair, and within a moment, quite unintentionally, he fell straight to sleep as well.
"Oh my God! John this is downright pornographic! What on earth do you have this on your desk for?" Greg asked in exclamation, giggling like a mad man all the while John's face turned about as red as a tomato.
"That's um...that's me." Sherlock said quietly.
"I'm sorry, what was your name?" she wondered in a mockingly sweet voice.
"Well come on then, when does your plane leave?" Mary exclaimed, dragging down John's large suitcase with one hand while clutching onto the banister with the other, as if worried the weight of the thing might drag her down with it if she didn't hold on.
"Don't make me out to be selfish, Professor." Sherlock begged.
"I'm um...well Victor Trevor called me. And so I got tested, John I'm...I'm HIV positive." Sherlock whispered, letting his head fall down in shame while he heard John's breath leave his lips in horror.
"You saw something...disheartening then?" John presumed.
"Mr. Watson, I thank you for your hospitality. And for your...enlightening conversation." Sherlock grumbled. John stared at him, stared with that madness in his eyes, that little smile curling about his lips as if daring Sherlock to say another word.
"Well then, down we go." John said nervously, stepping down onto the first step and descending slowly and carefully. It didn't seem too extraordinary; there was a large boiler in the corner, undoubtedly responsible for the oil or heat. There was a water tank, and some discarded furniture, and a ton of boxes scattered about.
"That's not the
"Gentle, Greg, gentle. That thing's ancient." John warned. Greg sighed heavily, yet as per John's instructions, he moved carefully, and picked up the deed with uncharacteristically delicate fingers.
"Ya." John said quietly, although his wife seemed so far away now that it was almost irrelevant to bring her up. She seemed so far away from this life, this life that they were discovering piece by piece. John knew that if Sherlock and he had any connection at all, that they would be so removed from this real world they had built up for themselves that they ought to just leave it all behind. The house operated on a different clock, the house operated with different motives, and different connections. In this world John might be a professor, and Sherlock might be a graduate student, but not in that house. In that house, all titles and roles were abandoned; in that house it seemed that anarchy might ensue. Or rather, they would revert to a more primitive version of themselves. That photograph alone proved that things happened inside those walls that could not fully be explained. That photograph proved that Sherlock here was very drastically different from the Sherlock who lived in that house. But did he live in that house? No, it was impossible. It was physically impossible for any of this to actually be true...yet all the while John's brain was betraying him. For with the arrival of another person to share in the confusion, he found himself accepting things much easier than he had before. He found himself nodding along, no matter how crazy this world got to be. He found himself making sense of it all, purely on the basis that none of it made sense at all. As promised, it took about twelve minutes for the house to finally come within view. Those remaining twenty seconds, then, were occupied with rolling up the driveway and staring down that familiar house, with the windows that seemed to be looking right back. John sighed heavily, clutching onto the wheel and reminding himself not to be afraid. Obviously this house had powers, but it didn't have the intentions of hurting them. If it wanted to kill John it would've done that by now. If it wanted to kill John, well then why was it continually leading him straight back? All the while John was staring at the house apprehensively, Sherlock was gaping. He was looking up at the house with a look that could only be recognition, with his mouth hanging open in astonishment, for he it seemed as though he had found something he never even knew he had lost.
"That is so outrageously unlike you." Sherlock decided.
"Coming." Holmes said simply, tossing all but the peculiar bundle into the fire. With such delicacy he handled the one in question, tucking it into his pocket and starting the way we came through the garden. It was by a stroke of luck that we made it over the garden wall without a trouble, even shaking off a pursuer who had managed to catch my by the ankle in my flight. Yet it was with speed and dexterity that we made it back to Baker Street that night, unscathed yet shaken all the same. It was with pounding hearts and tired feet which he climbed the stairs to our rooms, keeping our steps quiet so as not to wake poor Mrs. Hudson. Yet she would be used to it these days, for Homes and I have a very particular talent of arriving and departing at all odd hours of the night while following down our little adventures.
"Indeed." Sherlock agreed, also craning his neck so as to look inside. There was sunlight streaming through, making it look a lot more pleasant than the basement had in its threatening darkness. There was a smell of mildew, but beyond that John couldn't distinguish anything more.
"That couch probably has more bug colonies than even I can identify." John warned, lingering now by the cold hearth. It wasn't a particularly chilly day; however inside the house it seemed especially cold. He wished now that they had some logs to throw in, and a fire to start. The house would be made much cozier if they had a fire to curl up next to, and some heat to shed on the century of chills.
"A boy scout? Going about selling cookies and whatnot?" Sherlock asked with a laugh.
"Surely there must be more documents on this house? Newspapers, reports? What about the official condemn notice? Or death records, birth certificates...well there has to be something more than this structure!" Sherlock insisted.
"Milverton is a persistent fellow, that I must admit. He knew that he must have something to weigh against the most influential characters in London and all of England, I dare say. I was no exception." Holmes said simply, the candle now set upon the mantle and his hands settled deep in his trouser pockets. He looked deeply troubled, yet I could not spare his emotions now. I could hardly think of my questions now that I was allowed to ask them, yet it was with great difficulty that I raised the second letter. It was already out of its envelope, and in a rather sloppier version of the detective's familiar handwriting. He must have heard the papers rustling, for just as soon as I dared unearth the letter, his voice interrupted me sharply.
"It can't get tested, Sherlock that means I have to admit to...to being with you. I can't say that Sherlock, I can't face it!" John declared, shaking his head violently and taking another step back. He was going to try to hide from this, wasn't he? He was too ashamed.
"Ya, but that still doesn't mean their property was to be passed down. If this was some ancient seventeenth century house, you'd think I'd have known about it before. You'd think they'd make a bigger deal about it." John said with a sigh of defeat.
"Not funny." John corrected again, shaking his head before burying it inside of his hands.
"Yes, wine would be lovely. Thank you Mrs. Watson." Sherlock agreed.
"What's so bad about America?" Sherlock wondered curiously.
"No, you've got something worse. Something mental, I'm afraid." Mary muttered with a frown.
"If the present is at all similar to the past...well then I highly doubt it." Sherlock said mysteriously, shaking his head and going back to his examination of the room. John didn't want to ask what he meant by that, he didn't feel that the question was within his rights. And so he merely lingered near the door, feeling rather like a trespasser in this room. He felt as though he was not allowed to step foot inside, without someone's permission first. Sherlock merely walked in, for he needed no special permission. He seemed to understand that, all the while he knew of course that this wasn't his room to rule over. He was just a frequent guest. John's stomach turned at the thought, for whatever reason he didn't like the idea of Sherlock being some lady's lover. He didn't like the idea of a woman being so close to him...in fact he despised the fact. For whatever reason John felt a sort of protectiveness over Sherlock, even if his past self did get up to rather scandalous forms of entertainment. That seemed so distant from Sherlock now, that seemed just so unlike him.
"I said I'm leaving, did you not understand that by the big suitcase I've been packing all week?" Sherlock growled, obviously yelling to someone inside the house.
"I'm not risking
"Not sure, really. Just a sketch." He lied quickly. Mary hummed, obviously not convinced, yet went back to bouncing the baby on her knee. Rosie was smiling now, dressed in her little striped pajamas.
John whispered. "You can't have lived through both centuries; you can't have survived that long."
"Probably because it's your house, and he couldn't be bothered with it." Greg offered.
"God, I hope not. I don't want to go back there ever again. I've had it with that entire country." He complained.
"Why can't we rent it? I'm sure there will be people out there who would love to rent a room! So they'd have to share a kitchen, but it's got enough space for all of those bedrooms to be filled with comfortable, happy occupants. I think that'll be a great way to get some more money." Mary offered excitedly. Yet the idea of renting that place out to strangers, who would leave their messes, and disrespect the house...well in fact the very idea of other people inside of the house left John nauseated. For whatever reason he felt defensive of the thing, as if the structure itself was one of his oldest, most exclusive friends. Certainly he couldn't invite people to live inside of it, no, the house wouldn't allow it either.
"That's the last time you'll ever disrespect me like that, Professor. And it's most certainly the last time I try to help you in any of this. You're on your own from this point forward." Sherlock growled, and with that he stormed out of the room, not waiting for a goodbye out of his host because he knew that he would not get one. Mary rushed to escort Sherlock away (he hadn't exactly planned his lack of transportation accordingly, for he couldn't have the last laugh if he had to ask for a ride home) yet John stayed put. He didn't care how Sherlock was getting home; he didn't care about any of it. For right as soon as that boy disappeared from his vision he gave a great cry, feeling all of the anger leave his body so quickly that he became light headed, and with a little gasp he fell back onto the couch in a cold faint.
"But you're going to have to be, I'm afraid." John muttered, looking over towards his companion with an incredibly soft expression. It looked like appreciation, or perhaps something more serious than that.
"It's about ten minutes." John said with a shrug. He was lying, of course. Or at least he was exaggerating his estimations, considering he didn't have to estimate. The journey from the college to the house was twelve minutes and twenty seconds, give or take. Yet John didn't want to admit how he knew that, for it may come across as a little bit obsessive, or threatening.
"No, I don't think so. And even so, it's got so many secrets that it's infrastructure has got to be the most underwhelming." John decided with a little grumble.
"Well then, I'm going to the university." John said finally.
"But as you said before, you'll work your way up. All careers are a pathway, not a permanent position." Mary assured with a little nod.
"You look busy, John." Greg said with a little laugh, moving into the room and going to shut the door before John made a noise of disproval.
"So my ancestor did die there." John muttered a bit stoically.
"I don't like to be wrong about anything, much less everything." John insisted. "Even if we're not reincarnated, I intend to live under that impression just to avoid having to declare myself mistaken."
"Well yes, but it makes me wonder what you were doing there at all." Sherlock admitted finally.
"What for?" John wondered in a nervous sort of voice, staring at Sherlock as if he wasn't sure he wanted the answer.
John demanded, shaking his head flatly, and taking a step forward before taking a quick step back, remaining in his position and clutching his hands against each other in a state of shock. Sherlock didn't want to do this to him, no he felt as though this was not his death sentence to deliver. And yet it was necessary, was it not? John had to know, or he would undoubtedly die.
"Oh man, such extremes!" Greg yelled with a laugh, to which John apprehensively shushed him, turning his eyes towards the closed door and listening hard for any approaching, angry footsteps.
"There's someone stalking you, Professor?" the boy asked apprehensively, speaking now as if it was his intention to help. He had very quickly overcome his fear, and now instead of cowering he was standing straight up once more, wearing a very long coat with a bag hanging on his shoulder. He looked professional, and apologetic. As if he assumed this whole matter was still his fault, despite John's obvious error.
so powerfully simply...
"Since I went upstairs. Twenty minutes ago. You've been sitting there for like...twenty minutes, ignoring our child." Mary groaned, scooping the baby out of her little playpen and cradling her in her arms protectively. Rosie kept on crying, yet as Mary rocked her slowly she seemed to calm down, and steadily her wails turned instead into soft cooing.
"I told you that, didn't I?" Sherlock asked with a little frown.
"Holmes I am glad to hear that you have at least the capability of falling in love. It makes you exceptionally more understandable, and more human." I assured carefully.
When the fourth day came, John made himself ready for the confrontation. He waited around noon, the time when the stampede went through, and sat himself in one of the couches on the hallway. As of now it was quiet, and he could hear his own breath echoing back to him through the ancient wooden hallways. He leaned back, knowing that the silence would not last long, and set his sights on the door where the students would come rushing through. He sighed heavily, blinking away that feverish vision of Sherlock and his lover, once more it was trying to infest his vision with thoughts that he didn't have time for. Why it stuck around so vividly, well John could only guess. He didn't want such a vision; he didn't want to constantly be plagued with such things. Perhaps it was just his brain's way to make up for the lack of any real Sherlock, perhaps it was giving itself some old visions so as to account for their sudden withdrawal. John's thoughts were interrupted just as soon as the door flung open, and the first of the many started making their panicked rush to get to their next class, with their bags slung over their shoulders and their books under the arms, that look of fear in their eyes as they contemplated whether or not they were going to be late for being early. About midway through the pack, John spotted that familiar face, the one he had been waiting for this whole time. Sherlock saw him as well, and just as John jumped to his feet the boy recoiled, and attempted to walk faster. Yet John knew that he wouldn't be letting him get away, there was nothing more powerful than John's stubbornness, and no human slippery enough to get away from his grip. Yet Sherlock didn't know that, for already he picked up his pace, as if he was going to try all the same.
"That's quite alright Professor. I admit myself to be a little bit lost as well." Sherlock admitted with a grin.
"Well, maybe your ancestors were English. Just because you're from America doesn't mean you all originated there. I mean, when you think about it, all Americans were English at one point." Greg pointed out with a smart little smirk. John narrowed his eyes at him, not entirely sure if that was a valid argument or not.
"John, is he alright?" Sherlock whispered, at last moving away from poor Mary Morstan and focusing again on the little creature.
"You don't know this is really him. I mean, there might be thousands of people with that name." John warned, trying to grasp at any sort of hope he could find. Yet he knew that Sherlock was smart enough to account for that, he understood that Sherlock would not be this excited if he hadn't been certain.
"So, what do you say? Basement first?" John suggested.
Sherlock arrived a little bit late, at three o'clock just as soon as John's office hours began, yet Sherlock was the first one into his room, almost as if he had been waiting outside on the couches, as if he was worried he wouldn't be admitted outside of the usual time.
"I think the both of us have to work together on this, on all of it. And I think it's rather silly to just abandon our search because of an argument." John pointed out.
As you might have expected these past couple of months have been quite difficult for me, for work is not too easily come by in England as it had been before. My father's inheritance has left me plentiful, yet I suspect there must be brighter horizons for me out there, and more prosperous futures. It is with great regret that I write to you so delayed, for it must have been a year since my problem here, yet still you have played across my mind many times. It has been many a time when I thought to write, yet something else always comes up which might prevent me from ever getting around to it. Yet I write you now, regretfully in a selfish sense, for it is a request which I ask of you. I have made the decision to move to India, to try my luck at tea planting. I feel it quite beyond my right to ask this of you, dear friend, yet it comes to mind my particular loneliness. I thought of no one better who to accompany me than you, for our past together does bring back particularly fond memories. Perhaps our future too, could be just as pleasant. I know that you must have a life there in London, yet still I do beseech you to consider joining me. We could be quite wealthy, Sherlock, and quite happy as well. I know it was poor of me not to say it since we last parted, but do remember Sherlock that I love you very much. After this year of painful separation, my heart still does remember.
"Well, it's not crap per say, but it doesn't help us any bit either." Sherlock agreed, still examining the china. "You don't think we could bring this up, set the table?"
"I've seen that key before." the boy said thoughtfully, squatting down next to it and moving to pick it up from where it lay.
"That's very...well actually I rather like the idea." John agreed. "A good ending to a day of digging."
"Perhaps. But then again, perhaps not. I can't imagine that house would offer me an image if it did not mean something, yes?" Sherlock asked a bit hopefully.
They were all just present in the end, present up until the moment they died. And now here she was, dead. Perhaps the second most interesting thing she had ever done in her life, coming in right after her birth.
"Oh well, thank you." Sherlock said with a little smile, going over to plop down on the couch as if his legs really couldn't support him any longer. John looked over a bit hesitantly, noticing now just how small that couch was, more of a loveseat really.
"Perhaps they're supposed to look like that." Sherlock offered.
"Yes of course." John agreed, though after a moment of hesitation. Sherlock nodded, sighing heavily before lying back and staring up at the ceiling now, instead of at his companion.
"It's leaving at six, but we need to get to the airport before then." John said obviously. Mary stopped, throwing the suitcase down the last two stairs with a large bang. This immediately interrupted Rosie, for just as soon as the racket ceased her crying made up for the sudden silence.
"Yes, Mr. Holmes. Sorry I was a bit...out of myself." John admitted with a little sigh, getting to his feet and grabbing the coat off of the back of his chair. Sherlock was draped in a long trench coat, with his collar stuck all the way up to his cheeks. He looked very good, very much the definition of tall, dark, and handsome. John wondered if he had a girlfriend or not, someone to appreciate him in such a sense. Someone who would have found that freckle.
"Whatever, throw them in the backseat. I'll get that suitcase in the trunk." John decided with a sigh. Reggie reappeared with a laptop case, coupled with a small bag that almost looked like a makeup bag. John sighed heavily, casting the two bags a bit of a bothered look before grabbing the suitcase from the second stair (Sherlock had paused in the middle of dragging it) and lugging it across the sidewalk into the trunk.
"And I'm doing my part! Come on, she's only been at it since..."
"And why not?" Sherlock challenged as he fished the letter out of the envelope.
"Oh you're certainly welcome. Your presence there will help Mary forget our tardiness." John assured.
Sherlock started. "
"I feel as though I always knew. Somewhere deep down, I had a very vague understanding that I was special." Sherlock muttered.
"I'm just brainstorming, Sherlock. Solving the little mysteries as they come." John pointed out.
"Careful dear." Mrs. Hudson warned, walking carefully around the car as she unearthed a gigantic skeleton key from her bag. "Isn't it lovely? Oh, so wonderful to know it has such nice owners!"
"Why do you say that?" John questioned quietly.
"You know Professor, he's a virgin. Won't be much good." Reggie warned.
"Whack." Greg muttered, and that was his final word, for with that he left. John slammed the door behind him, quick enough to silence any last words Greg might have had. And now it was just the two of them, ultimately how John felt it should belong. And yet he had to admit, this picture that was still flattened against his chest wasn't just disturbing, it was also very racy. Would Sherlock be embarrassed of it, or would he be so afraid of the resemblance that he would leave John forever? Would he not care for this mystery, so long as he was still caught up in the middle of it? There was an awkwardness building between the two of them, for still when John saw Sherlock he couldn't help but see him again, in a different state...with a lot less clothing.
"What's your idea, hm? What's your goal here, in tormenting me? In
"Oh my God." Mary murmured, nearly falling out of the car as she became encaptured in her amazement and planting her heels in awe in the scattered gravel. "That's our...that's our house! John do you see this!" she yelled, taking her eyes off of the house for just a moment so that she could run and pull John's car door open in eagerness. She tried to usher him out, though John also felt rather paralyzed, and for a moment had preferred the safety of the car.
me?" John growled, taking a step forward to which the student just squealed again, curling his long, lean body up into a protective ball behind one of the office chairs, as if that was going to protect him from anymore of John's future violence. John stopped his advancing, seeing now that the boy was legitimately terrified, and yet he didn't stop to think for a moment. Anger was clouding his judgment, and his common sense, and instead of stopping to ask himself how this boy had gotten into his house, and disappeared before his very eyes, and appeared so lifelike in his dreams...well no! Those would require paranormal explanations, and John was determined to be rational. He wanted to believe what was in front of his eyes, this logical explanation, this cowering and terrified boy.
was a one hundred year old couch still comfortable?
"Yes. And it's embarrassing." John admitted quietly.
"Holmes you don't need to be ashamed, of course such a thing is a tad unorthodox but it is not entirely uncommon! It's a perfectly human, perfectly redeemable trait to fall in love." I assured him quietly, thinking there was no better option than to console what could only be described as pure despair. Holmes looked to ache so terribly bad, not only because of his past influences but also of the future pain such permanency had left him with in his adulthood. To think that Milverton held these condemning things in his safe, when was he planning to use them? When did he think it the best time to threaten Holmes's career and his life as a free man?
"No, I feel nothing, Professor. I just know for sure that I never told you my last name." Sherlock said finally. John blinked, feeling his limbs tense up in panic as he tried to decipher what that sentence could even mean. He stared into Sherlock's eyes, knowing of course what colors to expect to find in his irises, knowing what secrets the colors were trying to hide. John knew the secrets, yet he couldn't call upon them at the moment. He couldn't do anything but stare, and try to remember if he really had been told Sherlock's last name. Sherlock Holmes's last name. And then, in an instant, he snatched the key back from the student's hand and pocketed it anxiously.
"Going without a goodbye kiss?" Reggie challenged. This time Sherlock ignored him, shaking his head and getting a bit moodily into the passenger seat.
"Hello um, Mrs. Watson? I'm here to talk to John." Sherlock said rather nervously, for her glares were making him feel quite unwelcome.
"Digging?" John asked carefully.
"Yes of course." Sherlock agreed, stepping into the office just in time for Greg to let out a gasp of recognition.
"No. No way." John said flatly. "I'm not taking my daughter anywhere near that, that
"Well your theories are ridiculous! That house wasn't just a cesspool for homosexuals; it was something more than that! Just because there was one pair of you doesn't mean the whole house was lining up waiting for their turn in your bed!" John exclaimed in a shaking voice, feeling as if he was rather losing control of his words and body. He felt as though he had no other choice but to burst out into a fit of anger, simply because he felt as though anyone who was not so conflicted as he would see Sherlock's theory as a personal insult. Surely any married man would jump with claws raised at anyone who might suggest they were gay? Is that not what he was now expected to do?
Mr. Sherlock Holmes
"I thought there were rats somewhere here. I saw some evidence before, but I can't find where they might be hiding." John muttered with a frown.
"Are we...are we going to love each other?" Sherlock whispered nervously. John hesitated, though at last he shrugged his shoulders as if he could find no reason not to.
"No, no." John muttered, blinking away the last of his tears before looking into Sherlock's eyes one last time, trembling while he let his hands fall away and his gaze shift. He started for the door, to which Sherlock could only follow to the staircase, and it as there that he stopped. He heard John start down the stairs, he heard him approach the kitchen. Sherlock was almost afraid to hear what happened next, and yet despite that he clutched to the banister, too afraid to walk away. He wouldn't let John be alone in this, not like he had been.
"That you did." John agreed. He didn't know if this was an exhilarating discovery or rather a disturbing one. He didn't know if he should rejoice about his past self's accomplishments, or rather be painfully jealous of that pleasure. For a century ago, so far past John's current memory, his past self had achieved the impossible. His past self had found himself with Sherlock Holmes, in the most intimate way imaginable. He had been with him...yes! That brief image, back when Sherlock's face had been foreign. A ghost, lying in his bed...draped in nothing but that black robe that stretched not to his knees. Had that been the state Sherlock arrived in? A century ago had John lay down with that ghost, that ghost in the flesh, and let his hand slide underneath that thin fabric? Had he found his lips so close to Sherlock's, breathing anxiously along his skin in his eagerness, alight with this same fire, the same one which was burning in his chest right now? He had settled his mouth against Sherlock's neck, and felt that man's long fingers pulling away his tie, jacket, and belt? Fallen into his embrace, and felt it finally as their skin touched, and their worlds collided? Lit with an oil lamp, on silken sheets, their cries stiffened with the worry of being overheard? John felt himself beginning to sweat, just now deciding it was time to look away from Sherlock Holmes, deciding that it might be very incriminating if he let his thoughts run wild, and his body therefore react in its excitement. No, he could not allow this eagerness to manifest. He had to let Sherlock know that his passion had been left in that century, even if it was just as alive, just as reincarnated, as were the two of them. Standing here now in such a thick, awkward silence of knowingness. Knowing now that while today they were friends, one married and one a virgin, once they had been something so much more. These bodies, now so foreign and uncomfortable...well they had been together at one point in time. One point in this big, confusing loop of time, caught together in a never ending ring.
"And you're quite sure this is mine? I mean, legally, this is mine?" John clarified.
"Well, as with all things you can improve." Mary shrugged. "With drawing, and with fatherhood." John looked towards her immediately, so as to read her face for the emotions that went along with such a statement. Thankfully there was a teasing smile on her face, rather than the scowl he had been expecting, and so he knew with a breath of relief that she was joking. Well of course John could improve his fatherhood skills, yet all the same it really wasn't Mary's place to judge.
"I guess because I know that no matter what, I'll never be alone. That somehow you'll find me." Sherlock admitted finally, in such a soft voice that in any other situation John would have had to kiss him. If ever there was a more romantic line, John had to yet to find it. And as his face paled he found that he could only open his mouth to do one thing, for his words would betray him in the end. And so he merely shoved that cookie into his mouth, as much as he could to silence himself, a whole cheek full of the most disgusting, stale cookie he had ever eaten before. Sherlock's eyes widened, yet he didn't get the chance to say anything against such an action, for just as soon as John nearly choked himself with cookie Mrs. Hudson decided to reemerge, giving a little holler of success that only Sherlock could respond too, for John had evidently bitten off far more than he could chew.
"Do you know how to...how to feed it?" Sherlock wondered apprehensively, beginning to find the baby's constant crying to be quite annoying. The survival of the human race was a lost cause, though he still felt rather entitled to keep this little thing alive. Perhaps it was better to let it die now; perhaps it would be more humane to let it have a natural, crowded death. A death quick enough that he would never remember, one that he would never fully comprehend. Sherlock rather envied him, now wondering why his parent's didn't just give up on him the moment they knew he would be doomed to a world such as this. Perhaps it would be considered rude, or unethical, to leave a little baby to starve. Then again, it was rather rude to leave a baby to grow up without seeing solid ground.
"Yes of course I am." John agreed with a little chuckle; however he grabbed his flashlight and started up the ladder all the same. He was surprised by how much stuff the old owners (or maybe himself, who knows?) had managed to shove up through that tiny little hole in the ceiling. He found many large pieces of furniture, covered very ominously by white sheets that were stained yellow with age. There seemed to be a dresser, a wardrobe, even an old mattress supported by a bent old frame, disfigured the edges so as to make it fit. The attic itself wasn't large, yet it was filled to about its carrying capacity, with one little window made to illuminate things better.
"But not me! It can't...no it can't happen to me." John muttered. "It was one night; it was one time, one mistake! I should never have...."
"No pulse." Sherlock agreed simply.
"I don't think I could let myself do that either." John grumbled. "I feel like that house is...well it's mine. I don't like the idea of other people inside of it."
"What is it?" Sherlock whispered, finally letting his pale face out of his hands.
"Oh that sounds so creepy." Sherlock admitted with a shutter, yet he nodded. John knew where the cellar door was, hidden away in the kitchen as it was with most old houses. To get to the kitchen they had to cut through that beautiful dining room, with the chairs all poised to host another feast, and the windows standing so tall and proud on the opposite wall. There seemed to be no evidence of age in this room, for even the red curtains hung stiff and strong. It was a gorgeous room, somewhere John could see himself hosting happily. It was a strange vision, really, and yet he could see himself and Sherlock sat in those chairs, in their waistcoats of that appropriate fashion. He could see the table laden with food; he could see the sunlight streaming in through the glass. He could envision a life here, with that man, regardless of what time period it was. Perhaps it was a dreadful thing to speculate, but John was quite sure that he could live here with Sherlock if the boy would finally permit it. The kitchen was much less glamorous; it wasn't nearly as fancy, with mere wooden countertops and an ancient gas stove. All the same, the kitchen wasn't what they were here for. Their door in the corner was their subject of interest, that little white painted thing. It gave John the creeps just looking at it, partially because he knew that no one had been down there for as long as the house has been left abandoned, and secondly because he knew that anything could be down there, waiting for him. Who knows wat could be there, how many animals, or even corpses! And there certainly wouldn't be any lighting, that was for sure. Good thing John had packed his flashlight.
"John where on earth have you been? My God I was about to file a missing person's report! You weren't at your work, I called Greg, your phone wasn't working and..."
"Well that's why we're here. We've been digging around in its history, but we haven't gotten far. Figured you might have something filed away for it?" John presumed.
"And the same face, and body type, and skin color, and eyes? Ancestry is just resemblance, not cloning." Sherlock said flatly. John shook his head in denial, not able to do anything but protest at this moment in time.
"Oh your, your wife then?" Sherlock presumed, his voice getting very small and very awkward, as if he didn't really like using such words around other people. Perhaps he was just feeling a little bit awkward, considering personal lives were hardly ever discussed on a college campus, especially not between students and professors. All the same, they were on their way to a very personal place, and they were about to discuss matters which were much more personal than either one of them would like to delve into. It was rather amusing, then, to know that Sherlock had trouble saying the word 'wife' without trembling.
"I think...well I think it did surprise me." John managed a bit nervously. Yet now that Sherlock brought it up, John tried to remember the moment when it all came together. He tried and failed to remember the time his brain split in two, trying to comprehend something that he had thought to be impossible. And yet he couldn't remember the revelation, he merely remembered the suggestion that leaked into reality. He merely remembered that moment when he nodded his head along to Sherlock's suggestion, and began to adopt it as gospel.
"You don't think we'll have to do it again? That doesn't scare you, the idea of an eternal loop, never resting? Just chasing each other in circles, under the authority of that house, for the rest of existence?" John insisted a bit fearfully.
"Yes alright. Give me a moment, you gentleman can sit down and have a cookie if you'd like." She said with a grin, gesturing to the little waiting room that had been set up next to her desk. It was made up of a single couch and a coffee table, one that seemed to have every issue of gossip magazines since the Town Hall had first been established. The mounds of magazines were topped with a little pink tray filed with sugar cookies, equally ancient things by the looks of them.
"Oh come on, this isn't some horror movie. No one keeps old newspapers for that long." John scoffed, rolling his eyes in annoyance and getting up to his feet rather sharply.
"It all seems like old crap, nothing along the lines of memorabilia." John said in disappointment, unearthing a box of old bedsheets with a disappointing sigh.
"I won't get bored of the first, Greg. I know a bachelor like you won't understand what it's like to be in love, but I can assure you it doesn't just end." John taunted.
"Alright then, I love you John." Mary said in a teasing little voice, still like a teenager who put such meaning in such a commonly used statement.
"I don't see why that's an issue." John mumbled.
"Perhaps." John agreed. At last his eyes settled on Mary, finally he mustered the strength to look upon her corpse and wince. Sherlock noticed a look of horror fill the man's eyes, though just as soon as he noticed Sherlock watching he turned his attention away, focusing once again on the baby as if he was determined to hide his emotions on the matter.
time?" John growled.
Yours truly,
John stayed away for a little while. He stayed away as long as he could fathom it, as long as he could live without it. All the while, the key in his pocket kept getting heavier, as if with every passing day it needed to remind him of its presence. As if it thought it had been forgotten, and neglected, by the man who was supposed to be its owner. With its weight it called upon John to take action, it begged him to keep investigating, to find out the secrets, to found out the reason this was all unfolding around him. It was...well it was becoming rather burdensome. It was hard to just sit on his couch, and enjoy the moments of peace he was allowed. It was hard to sit at his desk, still with this thing in his pocket, weighing him against the chair yet still trying to pull him away. It was becoming hard to walk, now with one leg heaving a much more considerable burden than the other. It was hard to do much of anything except think. Because who was he kidding, this key was winning. This house was winning over his dedication, and his motivation. This house was laughing at him, telling him repeatedly, over and over again, that there was nothing he could do to avoid it. Because as he sat at his couch and relaxed, he thought about the house. And as he sat at his desk and did his work, he thought about the house. And as he walked, he thought about the house. And as he slept, he dreamed of the house, and as he ate, he thought about the house, and as he talked, his lips were forming words but those words didn't correspond to his thoughts, his thoughts that were still down the road, and through the woods, and over the potholes, and over the threshold. And in the house. And who knows what he did anymore, who knows what he said anymore? He couldn't remember his life, the last thing he could recall with vivid clarity was Sherlock Holmes's visit to his office, those eyes he could draw from memory. That face, which was so perfectly akin to the drawing that still sat on his printer paper, folded so many times and stuffed in a drawer. That face that had been in the house, on the bed, and in his dream. That face that must have reincarnated itself to match to John's timeline, and to torment him. Perhaps Sherlock Holmes's face was here to do exactly what the house was here to do. They had both fallen into place just as soon as John thought he had his life together, they had both appeared out of thin air to remind him just how mistaken he really was. And so as he sat here, hunched over his desk and trying to concentrate, trying to grade the papers that he had handed to his students...well of course his mind wouldn't steady. With every passing footstep in the hall he expected it to be Sherlock, with every little creak of the woodwork he thought it was a knock by that man's hand, coming to visit simply because he didn't know what he was supposed to do now, either. Sherlock Holmes who must be just as maddened as John...Sherlock Holmes who must be just as confused, and just as distracted. It was almost rude, keeping him from the house, don't you think? It was almost rude to open him up to this gigantic thing, this plot that had been unfolded before the two of them. Why was it in John's power to shush him away? Whatever was happening here, whatever was happening with this house and with this insanity, Sherlock Holmes was equally involved in it. Anyone who dares haunt those halls belonged there as well. Just because John owned the key, doesn't mean he owned the house. Doesn't mean he had full possession of its secrets, and its history, and its meaning. How selfish of him to assume that it was his own. How selfish was he, not to acknowledge the other parts of the whole. Well of course this was this thought process only after he was forced out of his stagnation. This was his thought process only after he had turned that key in the lock once more, and started inside the house where he belonged. This was his thought process only after he had found himself in the sitting room, standing and staring at the one picture that was still held in its dusty frame, new from the last time he visited. He only thought to consider Sherlock Holmes into this mess when he went to take the picture, this ancient black and white thing, trapped in its cage of glass and wood. Sitting on the mantle, daring to hold that man's face inside. Daring to depict a man wrapped up in nothing but that same infuriating robe, that piece of fabric that was showing too much yet too little all at the same time. Wrapped improperly, and leaning up against a bedpost...in the same state which John had seen him in the dream. Standing against that bedpost, as if someone had been standing behind John in his dream world with an old camera, snapping a shot just in time for John's eyes to meet the man's. Just in time for John to feel himself go just a little bit more insane. John snatched the picture from the mantle, staring at it intensely as if expecting it to move. He didn't want to think about this, he didn't want to know how the face of Sherlock Holmes was sitting here on his mantle, in this house, in an old, worn, and scandalous photograph. And yet it seemed to make all the sense in the world, it seemed to mean something once more. Sherlock was tangled up in this house just as much as John was, maybe even more. They both must have some sort of ancient ancestors, who had lived in this house before them. Evidently John's ancestor had his name, and Sherlock's ancestor had his face. And they had lived here years before their great great grandsons would ever find out about this perfectly intact structure. John shook his head, stumbling back onto the couch very weakly and falling into the depths of its cushions. It was still comfortable, oh
"Quite so, Sherlock. Destinies are a funny thing, after all." John agreed. Sherlock nodded his head, looking down at his own drawing with something of an admiration in his eyes. John felt something of a pain in his chest, when he realized almost immediately that he had never noticed that same gaze aimed at him.
"We're going to find Victor, then?" he presumed.
"I don't think so. No one's taken an interest in that house for as long as it's been condemned. Those documents were probably in the same cabinet they were first placed in, all those years ago." Mrs. Hudson admitted grimly. John sighed in some defeat, although he knew that they might hit a dead end here in the town hall, with withered old Mrs. Hudson. Yet they did have something, the name they had come to retrieve. They now knew at least who their mystery man was, the name to fit the picture that Sherlock had so graciously drawn. His competition, if not his murderer...Mr. Victor Trevor.
"No." Sherlock whispered back, pausing at the top of the stairwell and taking a deep breath, looking around the hallways with a quiet little smile. "Not in this life at all." His gaze had now settled on the door in front of him, the door closest to the hallway, which John had not been inside before. The door was closed, and yet John had seen it opened just once before. He had seen it opened once in his dream. This was the door in which the bed stood, this was the door depicted in his photograph...This was Sherlock's bed. This was his stage.
"Nothing's weird. I'm not making anything weird, I'm just...well I'm just living, you know? Just going with the flow, I'm not making anything weird." John insisted, although as he spoke his throat got quite tight, almost as if it too was begging him to shut up. Sherlock sighed heavily, as if he saw straight through that.
me, I'm merely..."
"Life or death." Sherlock said firmly, looking up at the woman insistently. Mrs. Watson sighed heavily, for obviously she couldn't send someone away after a confrontation such as that, and so with a large reluctant breath she looked up towards the direction of what might be the staircase.
"Only my own, and yours." Sherlock admitted quietly.
"I said I had a dream, this afternoon. I think the house fed me that dream, but I saw myself with a man." Sherlock admitted quietly.
"Well, maybe that letter changed things." John offered.
"No, no it's not you." John insisted. "It's just my legs, you know. Well after that car ride I'd rather stretch them out."
"It's me." Sherlock interrupted, just in time for John to pull back his hand, unnoticed. He came to his senses quickly, enough to step away and nod madly.
"I'm not one to take insult very lightly." Sherlock reminded him. John sighed heavily, nodding his head all the while he took to tapping a pen rather anxiously against his leg. He hardly wanted to relive the argument long enough to defend it. The words that had flown from his mouth, well they were sickening! They were words he would never care to use in his normal life, especially to a man who he respected so highly!
For the first two days it was just madness, and for the first two nights it was only nightmares. John didn't know what was assailing him, if it was the house itself or merely his conscience coming back to get him. Yes, he felt bad for leaving the house in such a way, yet he still felt as though there was something more at play, something much eviler. He was seeing the house now in everything that he did, he was feeling the house now...in everything he touched. Every side glance he could swear he saw Sherlock's smiling face, and in every footstep he could hear those aged wooden floors creaking underneath him. And yet he stayed away. He stayed away from the house, from its walls, and from its deceits. He wanted nothing to do with its past, nor its present, nor its future. He wanted just to stay in his own life, with his wife and daughter, and focus on things that were real, things that made sense! He had no time for magic, and for games, and he most certainly did not intend to be the plaything of an ancient structure. And so John waited for the madness to pass, and he waited for the nightmares to fade. He waited until he dreams were not plagued with the house, the house burning, and crumbling, taking all of its memories with it. He waited until his head could return to normal, and pain didn't pound against his temples, until his stomach stopped twisting, and strength returned to his legs. It wasn't easy work, sitting out the house's despair. It was something of withdrawal, something of a physical illness from having left something behind. But just like alcohol, and just like any other drug on the market, this house was dangerous. This house was worse for you overtime than its withdrawal ever could be, and so in John's stubbornness, he persisted. Perhaps he didn't know what else to do, perhaps he didn't think he had any other option but to show the house who was in control of his own life.
"No offense, Sherlock, but you were sort of paid to be keen. Prostitutes can't be picky with whoever pays them. And there always could've been someone else, someone off to the side. A genuine interest, perhaps." John offered quickly, feeling the need to straighten himself up in his chair.
"Yes, sorry. And I found this photograph, on the mantle. It hadn't been there when I first arrived, I would swear to that. But it was there the last time, and no one has been in there without me. I would've seen, if someone had put it there. But it appeared, and well..." John took a deep breath, his fingers trembling as he finally held the picture upside down for Sherlock to take. "See for yourself." Sherlock accepted it carefully, his fingers curling around the wood very gently, as if he knew enough to treat the frame with respect. As if he could feel its connection to the house, and therefore knew that he owed it some sort of reverence. He flipped it over, and John saw the moment his face lost what little color it had. Thankfully he didn't fall down, yet all the while his knees shook with the weight of the shock, and for a moment he could do nothing but stare, with his mouth hanging agape. He didn't seem to know what to do except gape, staring hard at the picture in amazement, transfixed as he looked upon his own eyes, and his own familiar gaze.
"I saw you leaving with that student." Greg pointed out, tapping his foot rather anxiously against the floor.
Victor,
"You can go first, John." Sherlock suggested a bit apprehensively, standing over near the stove while John gave him a grin of annoyance yet forged ahead. He unlatched the door and let it swing open, revealing some stone steps leading into a stiff, dank darkness. John hesitated, shining the beam of his heavy flashlight to illuminate the basement before he stepped inside.
"Sleeping with him?" John presumed, to which Sherlock's face went really quite red.
"You seemed to think it was the other night." Sherlock pointed out with a sneer.
"Oh hello John.Great to see that you're back again." Greg mumbled, sinking into the chair across from the desk and staring at John accusingly. John forced his best innocent smile, yet he knew of course that he had nothing to prove to Greg. His offense had been nothing but neglect, surely Greg would get over it just as soon as they slipped into their first conversation. As for Sherlock, well that was another matter. That was something that was really starting to gnaw away at John's brain.
"No, you moron. This picture is as old as the house. But now with your little recollection, may I please ask you to leave." John suggested, ushering Sherlock inside all the while he held the door open wider, for Greg to go out.
"To the college." John said quickly.
"Holmes, how can you explain such a letter?" I asked quickly, turning so that I might face the almost unrecognizable expression of my friend. His entire persona may have very well changed in my eyes, for while I had always taken him to be a cold and emotionless man, well it would appear as though this Victor Trevor knew him to be something much different. Someone who he might dare confess his love to...oh what had I unearthed, and what parts of it might be the truth, and what might be falsified? My stomach twisted anxiously for Holmes's response, yet still he stared at me with stern yet surprisingly emotional eyes, which now housed what I might detect as embarrassment, concern, and above all...sadness. Regret.
"There's one that could tell us then? Someone who knows about the house?" Sherlock asked eagerly.
"Something that seemed a little bit too...foreign. I suppose." Sherlock admitted.
"My wife asks if you might stay for dinner." John said with a little grumble. Sherlock blinked in some surprise, looking a bit apprehensive for he obviously couldn't gauge John's expression.
"Watson, I dare admit that what you are about to read is very personal. It is a document which was written in my youth, when I was newly a man and a very confused...very susceptible thing. You will not see me in the same light, Watson, if you do read such a thing." Holmes admitted quietly.
"Well it's a pretty common looking key." John said with a shrug.
"Oh I don't know, that's something for a historian I'm afraid." Mrs. Hudson said with a little frown.
"John,
"Yes." John agreed. "Well it would seem, since we had found that letter in your desk..."
"I see it as more of a solution than a problem in itself." I assured in a determined, stubborn sort of way. Holmes merely sneered, turning away and making his leave now towards the hallway, obviously to go and sulk in the privacy of his own room. I almost stopped him, for there was such a new sort of visibility between us that I wanted to see more, more into that complicated man and more into his ever complicated heart! Yet I was spared the trouble, for before I could open my mouth to question him he instead stopped on his own.
"No, I'm not joking. Why on earth would I joke about that?" John growled. Sherlock gave a great sigh, yet finally his shoulders relaxed and he fell back onto the couch in a huff.
"Couldn't sleep, Watson?" Holmes presumed quietly, his voice coming from the rather shadowed portion of the sitting room, near the hallway which I had crept through previously. My blood ran cold, and for just a moment I felt something of a trapped animal, not unlike those who my friend had caught red handed at the scene of their own crimes. I, just like those fiends, had been faltered by that cold glare and that trying brain, as finally Holmes lit a candle and neared my side. He saw the letter which was clenched in my hand, and although I attempted to duck it out of his view there was no denying that it was the intention of all of my secrecy. Yet in a way, I felt as though there was no need for myself to be the one interrogated, for while it was with some mischief that I had uncovered these facts, they still needed very much explaining on his part. Holmes let out a great sigh, something that would allude to the fact that while my discovery was inconvenient, it was also in a great way inevitable.
"Where do you think he is now?" Sherlock asked quietly, blinking for a moment before turning his glance back to where John was sitting. Neither of them dared to sit at the head of the table, for even though John's name was on the deed he knew that he didn't really own this house. He felt almost as though the house owned itself, and no matter how empty that chair appeared to be, it was always somehow occupied.
"Yes, that is the way to do it." John agreed a bit hesitantly, feeling his throat closing a bit in anxiety. He knew that he wasn't in any position to make any suggestions, yet then again if Sherlock was waiting for the right person, and if John really was that partner he had all those years ago... No, what a terrible thought. John disregarded it, yet all the same his stomach was twisting in uncomfortable knots. He felt as though he ought to offer up some embarrassing information about himself as well, just to even out all of Sherlock's unprecedented confessions. He hated having to wallow in this boy's secrets, all the while leave himself as a closed book! Yet then again, his wife and child were explanation enough to how much he differed from Sherlock. And so John nodded his head once more, as if that action alone would be breaking through the awkward silence.
are you doing here?" John challenged, sounding almost angry to see Sherlock in his midst once again.
"Well then it's an equally stupid truth!" John countered urgently, laughing a little bit as if he was becoming exasperated. While there was just a little bit of truth in his story it was easy to magnify that part onto his face. So long as he concentrated on the headache story he could make himself look completely trustworthy, or at least enough so that Greg would just nod along in his indifference.
"They did come out of your mouth." Sherlock reminded him.
"I did." John agreed, although he wasn't entirely sure if that was a lie or not. Sherlock nodded, yet a bit of an awkward silence persisted between them. Thankfully Sherlock found it within himself to continue on, for he was going somewhere with this argument. John couldn't think of a thing to say, and he was still nodding at regular intervals, feeling his knees become clammy and his grip tighten on his wine glass. But he wasn't afraid; no he wasn't afraid of Sherlock one bit. He was more afraid of himself, and what this confession might do to that little voice in the back of his head, the one who might dare to say that it was okay now.
"Like me? What on earth differs us now?" John asked a bit offensively. Sherlock sighed heavily, setting down his wine glass on the coffee table so as to lean forward onto his knees, almost as if he wished he hadn't said anything along those lines. Evidently this was not a question he was yet prepared to answer.
"What condition is it in, can you tell us that?" Mary wondered apprehensively, clutching the seat as the car jumped through yet another ungodly pothole. Of course, if the road was any indicator of the house's shape, well then certainly it was going to be a disaster.
"Well that's um...well I don't know. Is that tragic?" Greg asked apprehensively.
"What, and miss all this?" Greg asked with a little chuckle.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry I don't know what's happening." The student managed fearfully, his voice sounding so weak and panicked that John almost pitied him. He almost believed him. John just scowled at him, looking him over for a moment of confirmation yet coming back without a doubt in his mind. He hadn't seen his 'ghost' for a long while, and yet this boy that stood before him was undeniably the same. He had the same face, the same hair, the same body type. Oh it hurt to recollect that dream, that dream that had left him so cold and clammy, lying next to his wife and dreaming of someone else...And yet it was him. It was most certainly him, that ghost, that dream image...they both stood before John in flesh and blood.
"No, it's not mine. Well I guess it is mine, technically, but I didn't bring it here for me. I found it in the house, and I need...well I've got to show it to someone." John said quickly, hiding the picture against his chest so as to keep Sherlock's secrets safe to himself once more. Even if it wasn't Sherlock in this picture, surely the man himself would not appreciate it if John was showing his great grandfather's scandalous photographs around the campus.
"Oh come on, I was a fantastic boy scout! Would've been an eagle scout, had my dad not pulled me out of it." John growled, waving the poker in his hands rather threateningly, as if his dad was standing somewhere within striking distance. Oh how he would live to just smack this iron thing against that man's hideous, balding head!
"Very well put, Mrs. Watson." Sherlock said appreciatively, lifting her glass towards her before taking another sip. John sighed, worried now that his wife might be taking credit for the intellectual in the family. Certainly he couldn't allow Sherlock to prefer her over him. Thankfully the oven beeped just as John was going to open his mouth, and so the conversation was changed all the same. While Mary went to tend on the meal (chicken parmigiana, one of John's personal favorites) Sherlock wandered over to where John was standing, leaning against the counter and observing Rosie with a very curious look on his beautiful face.
"You think it'll be a door?" Sherlock asked as they started their way around the third floor, one of the most underwhelming parts of the house. Presumably it was for guests, that or for servants. The rooms weren't as breathtaking, but there was a quaint little lounge in the middle of the floor that looked worthwhile.
"Ah, I'm your maid now, am I John?" Mary wondered.
"Well, if it makes you feel any better, most crazy people don't know they're crazy. So I guess, I mean, if you're that self-aware..." Greg began, but cut himself off with some hesitation after John stared at him for a good while.
"All of this stuff about destiny though, well it gets me thinking. It makes me wonder if Mary was ever supposed to happen, and Rosie...well what's going to happen to them if I'm destined for here, with you? What happens if Victor appears and we go back to the way things were, if we all live in this house and tear each other's throats out?" John muttered apprehensively.
"What if it's a passage to some sort of...torture chamber?" Sherlock suggested.
"Because I thought I could weasel my way out of it. I'm the youngest professor they've got in that department; I thought they'd send the chair! Only now did they tell me that I'm to be flying out on Wednesday." John grumbled.
"I suppose it wouldn't hurt to check under John Watson. My ancestor." John added quickly.
"Oh stop that Greg, you're being stupid." John scoffed. "Truth is, I had to take him to his research project. Had to drop him off in the woods somewhere.  Then I went home."
"You don't say." Sherlock said with a little chuckle, holding the key in his palm and standing back up, twirling it between his fingers so pointedly. John felt as though he should take it back, for even if there was the slightest chance Sherlock had been creeping around his house, well the key would probably make his endeavors a lot easier. John almost stretched out his hand, but something stopped him, a tiny voice in the back of his head that made him stand still. Something in his head told him...it told him to stay back. That this was all meant to happen that...that the key
It wasn't natural. Well that was at least John's impression upon the state of the house...the spotless state of things since they had been left how many years ago. The more he sifted through what should've been the ruins, the more he found that the house was just as structurally sound as its last owners had left it. Well of course there was the dust; all old things have dust, coupled of with white sheets that were still perfectly pristine, hanging over all the lumps of furniture that sat about the house in their original places. It looked so perfect, so perfect that he honestly couldn't tell why anyone would leave it in such a state. He could only guess to who had done all the cleaning up, maybe the last owners in their flight, or rather someone who had come only after the rest of the world realized the house was empty. Yet how did it stay so well preserved? How was it that almost all of the house was in its original state, save for the occasional mouse, or dust pile? It seemed almost too good to be true, which was something John knew a lot about these days. Disappointments were only too prevalent in his life, and so he had trained himself not to trust things that seem so perfect. Family members who should be loyal, or friends who seemed to never fail. And houses...houses that were as old as his oldest ancestor, yet still in the perfect living condition today. John was no expert on architecture, or carpentry, but he had a keen knack for knowing that there was something off. And this house, well it fared very well on the scale of peculiarity. There was something quite wrong with it, even if everything did seem perfectly in order. When they had first stepped inside, John had asked Mrs. Hudson who was taking care of the place. She claimed that no one had been in here since it had been last shut down (the cause of which she seemed to deliberately avoid), and that the key had been sitting in Town Hall, with the structure condemned for the last century. It was odd, then, just how perfect the house still was. Just how impressive its stature could be. The inside was every bit as magnificent as the outside, for the house was decorated in the late Victorian fashion, with all the money that had been put into it still evident in the golden trim, and the marble statues hidden in alcoves in the walls, or the oil paintings that hung just about everywhere. Even the ceiling was painted, when you craned your neck in the foyer and in the dining room, past the chandeliers you could just make out scenes of men on the ceiling. John wasn't entirely sure what the murals depicted, as he was so far up, all he knew was that it was drawn like an old Renascence painting, like those which depicted Bible stories. There were so many soft colors, coupled then with the color of human skin. Well of course it had been playing on his mind for as long as he could remember, ever since that deed fell into his hands he had been asking himself just what it meant, what it was all for. It had only been a day since he took his first tour, yet now he found himself returned, with that old key in his hands, wandering aimlessly around these halls as if he knew them by heart. As if he belonged here, to a certain extent, even if there was no one left to welcome him home. John wandered through the foyer, staring up at the golden chandelier, dark for ages now, which hung above his head on a sturdy cord. He had to wonder how such a thing could stay up there for so long, how the roof could even support so much weight for ages. The magnificent staircase curled before him, the stone stairs draped in red velvet, and the numerous hallways stretching into the larger rooms, such as the dining room and ballroom. John moved then to the statues, those that had been covered in spider's webs from the house's newest occupants. Insects and rodents seemed to be prevalent, yet their damage could not be seen. Their presence was obvious, yet it was interesting, really, that the creatures had not left more of a mark. John had seen the damage that rats could do, in his old basement they used to chew through cushions and cardboard boxes in a single night! How the furniture could be completely unscathed then, seemed to be a mystery he could not solve. It was as if the house had its own life force, had its own regeneration, and it was keeping the creatures loyal to it in exchange for refuge. John sighed, starting up the magnificent staircase, draped in velvet carpet that showed no sign of age. It was so...well it was so wrong! How was there not water damage, or mouse poop, or even a single loose thread! John walked up the stairway now with a little bit more determination, clenching his jaw and holding fast to his flashlight. While there was still enough light to see by coming in through the window, he was still armed with such a thing just in case he found anything he needed to explore with artificial light, such as a deep wardrobe, or under a bed. He knew there were treasures hidden about here, the house itself was so rich and old and expensive, certainly its occupants had a secret stash of money, or gold? John had gone through the whole house before, yet that was when he was accompanied. Mrs. Hudson and Mary had been at his side, deterring his sense of adventure, and his sense of belonging. He knew that he couldn't wander aimlessly while they were at his heels, he knew that he couldn't stray towards the places that beckoned him the most, he couldn't meander down the hallway, down a path that had supported his feet before. Oh why did it feel as though he had already been here before, long before? Before that key ever found its way into his hands, before he had proper ownership of this house? Well perhaps this house really was a family heirloom, and he had been here with his parents when he was still small. Maybe they had taken him to see the house, with their own key? His grandparents had died when he was very young, maybe they had taken him to the house before they passed, and gave the house to his father who wanted nothing to do with it? Yet still, that would only allot for about thirty years, and Mrs. Hudson said the house had been empty for a century! Condemned, even though it showed no signs of withering. And besides, John's family wasn't even English. He was American, and he was quite sure he's never crossed the ocean before. John sighed heavily, shaking his head and deciding that it was best not to ponder this house's history, or its ghost stories. It was unnerving enough as it was, simply being alone in the middle of the woods, with curtains drawn over the windows to create its own artificial darkness. John found himself standing in the doorway of one of the bedrooms, looking in and for a slight moment, just a tiny millisecond of temptation, he felt as though he was perfectly allowed to walk in and flop on the bed. He felt his heart tug forward, while his feet stayed back, and for a moment he asked himself why he refrained. Something in the very back of his mind, something in the crevices of his unconsciousness, told him that there was nothing to be afraid of. That this was his room, after all. But it wasn't, John hadn't been in this room before. He had passed it with Mrs. Hudson once, yet he hadn't walked inside. He had done nothing to mark it as his own. It was a simple room, not nearly as extravagant as the others that he had toured in this delightful mansion. It didn't have half as many oil paintings, or statues, or even a hint of golden trim. Yet it was beautiful in its own simplicity, with a large bed draped in scarlet, golden hangings falling around still in their original state, hanging loosely as if they had just been sewed. There were cabinets strewn about, dressers and wardrobes against the walls, with a small writing desk that still had a couple of leafs of paper on top of it. There was a quill on the desk, yet when John approached it he found that the ink had long since dried, and there were no words to be seen. He wished for the slightest sign of a previous occupant, any sort of journal or photograph that might help him solve this house's mysteries. It was odd, really. For in this house he felt there was a lingering presence. Silence had taken over long before, not a foot had stepped in these walls for years and years...yet still he felt as though he was not alone. There were others, somewhere, whether they be in the walls, or in the beds, or in the portraits which hung on the walls. Their life force was inside of this house, somewhere imbedded into the woodwork. They were here now, watching him...John took a deep breath, turning his attention away from the desk for the slightest moment, looking towards the door yet catching a glimpse of the bed in his peripheral vision. Catching a slight of a figure, lying on top of the blankets with a grin on his face, on his beautiful face. John let out a scream, one which would have been very embarrassing had he been accompanied by his wife. Yet it was an appropriate scream, for what he thought he had just seen. He fell back into the wardrobe's doors, in an attempt to get as far from the bed and its new occupant as he could...yet when he looked back he found that he was alone once more. The bed, had it hosted a man on top of it or not, was empty now. John steadied himself, trying to get his heartbeat under control as he got back to his feet, holding his flashlight tightly in his hand, clenching around it like a weapon, like a baton. And yet he felt increasingly silly, for the more he stared about the room the more he was sure that his eyes had just played a trick on him. He had been working himself up, getting scared and preoccupied on Mrs. Hudson's ghost stories, rather than the logical idea that this house was as empty as it had been when he first arrived. And yet, as his terrified brain decided to remind him, this house was indeed the sight of many murders. According to Mrs. Hudson (and of course, her information may not always be correct) there had been three deaths on the premises, or at least three violent deaths. She claimed that the ghosts of the dead men still haunt the halls, wandering about and tormenting those who lived here. That, she claimed, was the reason the house had sat empty for so long. The reason its real owners didn't want it anymore. Then again, John thought that was a terrible story, for it really didn't explain why the house was left to him. If he could do his best to guess, he'd say the house was left empty because they were waiting for a John Watson to happen in their town, so they could leave him with the burden of the ancient structure. Yet it wasn't necessarily a burden, was it? More of a gift. More of a living memory, rather than a house. He shouldn't be scared of a silly old house, no matter how many men died inside of it. People die all of the time, and if people decided that a violent death meant a ghost, well then the whole world would be haunted, wouldn't it? No, certainly there were no ghosts in this house. Certainly his eyes were just playing tricks on him, and putting figures where they weren't supposed to be. Placing men that he had never seen before, in the bed that used to be his own. Men that he recognized, that he surely recognized, even if he had never seen their face before in his life.
“You look surprised,” he observes. John glances at him but shakes his head.
“I’m only observing,” calls Sherlock. “You’ve got good company.”
He stopped trying.
He doesn’t give John time to react. With great effort he recovers his familiar icy composure. He sets down his teacup and looks at John over the crest of his nose. Now it’s your turn. Three years after a fall, you said. Explain. John puts down his teacup, too, because his hands are trembling. Sherlock swallows.
He takes an unsteady sip of tea, shuts his eyes, and talks. Refuses to think about what he’s saying. He stumbles through the beginning, but he says it all, even the parts that make John clear his throat, look away. His voice drops, grates; he can’t disguise the bitterness.
“I don’t know,” says John. Mike explains anyway, and John keeps saying it: I don’t know, I don’t know, I don’t know. His eyes flicker down; the bright concern has not faded from Mike’s wrist. John says he doesn’t know, but Mike insists.
The days blur together. John still seems tentative, uncertain; he still bites down on his lower lip whenever he reaches out to touch Sherlock. Sherlock wonders if he has always been this way, or if the accident made him oversensitive. He wants to show him that he will not shatter, but he misses his memory more than he would like to admit, and some days he feels very fragile indeed.
“I do,” says Sherlock. And then the scorn sinks from his voice, leaving it flat, sad and bitter. “He only wants to control me.”
John is stunned to realize that the research department is in the basement of the clinic. With a smirk Sherlock tells him that it has always been a secret well kept. John makes a disgruntled noise in the back of his throat, but his eyes shine. For the moment the shadow of Death lifts from his shoulders. Gratifying.
“Don’t, Sherlock. Really. Don’t.”
In which night ends, but dawn is worse, and something can't be defined.
“Oh Sherlock,” gasps the young woman, and he realizes that she cannot be the wife of the man, not when she is already so helplessly infatuated with
“I’m sorry?”
. Call me Icarus.”
“What chance?”
“Not you,” he says. And suddenly his eyes are open, looking at him—lucid, almost. “You’re different.”
So he buys groceries and makes eggs in the morning even though Sherlock doesn’t care and won’t touch a thing.
“He never does.”
He’s being sarcastic. Nasty, even. Lestrade barks a rebuke at him. John figures it’s because he sees John’s paleness and feels sorry for him. Lots of people think that you simply cannot be nasty to people who are suffering like that, that something about their pain exempts them from the way you might treat regular human beings. Really, nobody wants to disturb the glassy surface of people’s agony; nobody wants to try to understand the way it is not an exemption from but rather a part of being a regular human being. They don’t want to understand because of what it might imply for them.
“Of course.”
Most of the restaurants have closed. There are no more customers. As a matter of fact there is little food left to serve. And yet the lights of Angelo’s still glow, a flickering greeting from across the street. Another fragment of normalcy in the center of the crisis. John cannot help but smile. He dares to glance up and sees the light reflected in Sherlock’s eyes. Pools of yellow in the pale slivers of glass. Angelo sets up a special table for them with as much fanfare as though the restaurant were packed. He looks exhausted. He leaves first thing in the morning. He wanted to be the last to go.
Over the weeks their conversations become more frequent. John is not as unsettled by Sherlock as others seem to be. For all his oddities, or more likely because of them, he is a distraction. He does not let John dwell on anything for too long. Even sitting still with his chin balanced on his hands as if halfway through a prayer, he darts ahead at an impossible pace.
“Nearly?” John glances between them. “But you haven’t said a word to each other.”
from the piece
“Two Twenty One Baker Street. Of course, only if you are so inclined.”
“You make it bearable, you know,” says Sherlock, in a rare flash of intuition; he knows how much it troubles John. He swallows, still shy, at times, of certain displays of feelings, and continues abruptly. “In any case. When I was a child, the colors made me sick, very sick. I felt so strongly. It was like a rash at first. Later, I vomited them. Mycroft tried to help me, but he was…misguided. Taught me a technique to suppress them, the kind of thing that was developed decades ago to deal with patients in sanitariums. It was not… humane. But it was all he knew.”
“You’re only human because you haven’t found a way out of it yet,” grumbles John. “But yes: you need food. Especially after drawing your own fucking blood. All the more reason for you to, you know, eat.”
“Neither do you.”
“Thank you,” says John obligingly. He struggles to keep the laughter from his voice.
Sherlock is already on the scene when John arrives. Double murder: mother and child. Ugly. Sherlock is glowering at Anderson and Donovan, arguing that the mother smothered the infant before she died, that she did not do it to spare its suffering. He knew from a bit of lint or some shit. John’s not really listening; Sherlock is probably (definitely) right, but no one wants to believe that.
The nurse furrows her brow. “Your pulse is racing all of a sudden,” she says, and presses her palm to her forehead. “How do you feel?”
anything different and needs to know whether physics or chemistry has changed.  But most of all he wants to explain that when everything else is unfamiliar John is the same, an anchor in the flow of reality, and for that he loves him, for that and a thousand other reasons which one day he’ll scrawl across the entire apartment in permanent marker so that they’re always known and never forgotten or mishandled by careless sleep.
He’s astounded by Molly, quietly amused by Mycroft, openly intrigued by Irene. At first, he laughs at the idea of loving Sally, but at the end of the story he pales and mumbles something into his teacup, perhaps a broken apology. He grimaces at the psychiatric ward, and it’s amazing. Sherlock is amazed. John still hasn’t questioned a thing. Sherlock is tense, waiting for it – the scorn, the disbelief, the ticket to the hospital – but maybe John believes him that easily. It would be just like him.
“How dare you,” he whispers. “You fell. I thought you were dead.”
It occurs to John that he is going nowhere. He turns back to the clinic. The clouds threaten to rain but for the moment only spill silver light through the streets. His cellphone sings. New patients; he is needed. He replies that he’ll be back in a minute. He is glad for the escape. The unfamiliarity is unsettling. But the simple white walls of the clinic are easy to learn.
John pours tea. Gets a plate. Pauses.
People like Sherlock and Irene – and Moriarty, too, but that’s another story – have a way of finding each other, and the moment Sherlock walked into her classroom he found himself the subject of an interest that was as sharp as that of his psychiatrist but benevolent, perhaps even admiring. Irene called him over after class and smiled. He would never forget that, the quirk of her lips, crimson and suggestive. He wasn’t imagining it.
John is beside himself. He does not sleep. It is heartbreakingly ironic that he only remembers to eat at Sherlock’s insistence. Always at his shoulder is the shadow of Death, leering like a crescent moon. It seeps into his eyes, his skin, his very hands, which do not tremble even when dawn breaks on twenty new corpses. But he bears it all. It is extraordinary.
Nobody will tell him who John Watson is.
, yourself, John.” For a moment his gaze flickers away. “Just in case you were wondering.”
“Maybe,” concedes John. “But necessary. Or at least according to those hateful creatures whom you have dubbed
“You know it’s better this way.”
Morning comes and the pattern becomes inescapable. The waiting room of the clinic is cluttered with exhausted people collapsed in rows with their heads lolling on one another’s shoulders, skin as white as the plaster walls, their fingers and toes flushed and swollen, their nerves fine-tuned to the slightest pressure.
For the first time, the name occurs to him on its own. His jaw falls slack. Mycroft is his brother. Mycroft annoys him very much but he is unfortunately necessary. And then Sherlock feels dizzy. He sees a little boy with a shock of dark curls clinging to an older boy by the hand. He hears the laughter of the other children, tastes the dust of the playground bitter on his lips, burns with hurt and frustration. He cannot understand why they cannot understand him. He sees a lanky teenage body, feels the starched collar of a graduation gown chafe his neck, the rush of cocaine streaking through his veins. He tests his intellect, researches, cracks cases. He finds an apartment. 221B. Sherlock curls his hands into the couch cushion. He knows what comes next.
“Ah.”
Sherlock frowns and snatches his wrist. “Take me to her.”
A pause.
her or some tripe like that.”
“John?” Molly startles them both. “John, are you coming?”
Sherlock looks at him. The color of the water is in his eyes. For a moment, John thinks: he thinks, I love you; he thinks, holy hell; he thinks, are you going to kiss me?
John brings the plates back to the sitting room. Sherlock does not look at him. Which is just like always. It’s just like always, and relief comes to John with a loneliness so perfect that it feels like something breaking, flooding him until he understands the weight of his own body as only that of who he is, of his love, and the impossibility of sharing them. Sherlock, I love you I love you I love you I love I love I love—
John grins and they kiss a third time. Then they go upstairs and put away their luggage, and John puts the kettle on and Sherlock opens his laptop and they bicker. The ring glints in the ashy sunlight, and the dreamlike reality has ended. They are finally home.
He digs a hand into his hair. Panic is clouding his mind. Such inconvenience.
Sherlock leans back on the balls of his heels. Thinking. Naturally. Silence. Then: “From the war?”
She speaks aloud what has been silently torturing his mind all this time. Sherlock runs his hands through his hair, pressing into his temples with the balls of his palms. Only in front of Irene would he ever show such distress. She is the closest to him in intellect. Behind her lipstick and the medals pinned on her breast pocket she hides a ferocious mind. There is no choice but to respect her.
But then they have pulled up to the clinic and Sherlock is springing from the cab. He pays again. John does not protest. He does not even think about it. The words ring too loudly in his mind. They prohibit all other thought. Surely Sherlock cannot mean that. John shakes his head. Surely not.
“I’m not his date,” he says, as amiably as possible, “just a colleague.”
“He doesn’t seem…so bad. At least, not bad enough for you to hate him this much.”
Sherlock was in love with John from the beginning, too.
“Well, then.” John looks away, looks back at him. More finger drumming. “Where are you going to keep it?”
So John is his name, then. But still the question remains: who is he?
Sherlock is quickly seized with the need to uncover the identity of John Watson. Over time he gathers that John helps Sherlock with his detective cases, that he otherwise works at a nearby medical clinic, that he has a sister, that he is a war veteran, that he blogs. But this is not enough, and Sherlock begins to understand that he does not want this emotionless profile; he wants to experience John, to taste his heart, his motives.
Hospital bed, again. And the older boy, sitting, legs crossed at the knee. Prim.
John is silent. Sherlock panics. Words begin to stumble from his lips.
“So that’s it, then,” says Mycroft.
John clears his throat. Sherlock can tell he’s pleased. Wary, too; he knows Sherlock very well, after all.
Doctor, no; see here, they’ll shoot at the wind.
Death.
Another bruise of not-quite anger, this time at John’s temple. And then there is confusion (muddled, watercolors swirling together), because it really is standard procedure to do a color inventory. Doctors use them all the time. So do police. Detectives. Scotland Yard itself. Hell, it’s so common that all the good criminals know better; they go a long way to cover up their skin, and there’s a whole industry of creams and treatments, completely illegal unless you’re military, diplomacy, sometimes parliament. The stuff is dangerous when unregulated—John thinks of peeling skin, overflow, and fading, fading—but worth it to some people, because it’s important information. It’s important to know.
Sherlock doesn’t run. He never does listen.
Sherlock smirks.
“Well?”
He trails off, hearing himself. Silence. John snorts. Sherlock opens his mouth, wounded. But then John is laughing hard, smiling. The hurt vanishes. Sherlock tries to sound indignant.
John stares at him. Half the water is left in the cup. Sherlock takes a frantic gulp.
John knows, then, that he saw wrong. He shuts his eyes, willing Sherlock not to look.
“Of course.”
That upper lip curls again, the tiniest movement to express the greatest disdain. “I know we have only been acquainted for several weeks, but nevertheless I am rather far from
Sherlock suggests that they get some dinner, even though of course he is not hungry. It is really nothing more than a feeble attempt to ply the stricken expression from John’s eyes. Italian? If you say so. You can’t really be hungry. True. But you are. And he turns away from the surprised look John gives him. But he is thankful that something has replaced the grief.
“What do you mean?”
John shrugs. “Fair enough.” He wanders away again, into the back room. Sherlock can hear his footsteps and sketch his path in his mind. He stops at the door to wonder at the danger signs, considers asking for permission, then decides against it and pushes forwards. The light is dim and he stumbles about for a bit before he adjusts. Now he is examining the range of sealed jars, reeling a bit at the bottled fetus but recovering himself in good time to get a proper look at the magnificently preserved anatomy. He moves on and the footsteps stop. Sherlock holds his breath.
Sherlock wakes under hospital lights with the newborn understanding that conjecture is useless and fear is fallible. He doesn’t care anymore. John is asleep in the other bed. Alive, but only luckily. Sherlock understands now, what he has to do. The idea of losing John to death inspires within him a fear so profound as to chase away his selfishness.
He hates this. He sips petulantly from the teacup with the blue roses printed on the side (enamel roses that bloomed just two weeks ago; before, the cups were plain) as if being a child will chase it all away. He doesn’t want to fall in love with John. It’s too dangerous. He meant it when he said alone protects him; as long as he’s alone, there’s nobody there to be different when he wakes up.
“For what?” breathes John when he pulls away, lips slightly parted.
“You’re extraordinary.”
John’s poured tea into cups printed with elegant violets whose green tendrils wind up the handle – a new addition that Sherlock dreamed up a few nights before – and he sips from time to time, pensively, or with no expression at all. Sherlock’s only comfort is watching the emotions play across his face, his eyes, the fluxes of surprise, incredulity, at times sympathy or sadness, and a crumbling look akin to heartbreak.
Sherlock does not know why he picks up. Perhaps it is because he is exhausted. But perhaps more likely it is because at the bottom of his heart he knows. In any other case he would ignore it. He would shove the phone back into his pocket with a sneer. He would return to helping John. But he does not. He picks up the phone. He picks up the phone and says hello to his brother.
John has to kiss him then, tangling his fingers in his hair and sighing in relief as Sherlock kisses back, parts his lips and tries to say John’s name once, softly, before letting himself be pressed back against the pillows. They lie there for a long time, kissing and running their hands over each other and breaking away to breathe against each other’s skin which lives with color. Eventually they tire, and it’s John’s turn to lean his head on Sherlock’s shoulder, smiling as the thick cords of blue swirl up their arms and disappear beneath their shirtsleeves again and again, as Sherlock reaches for his hand and inhales once, deeply, exhaling in a way that is very, very full. John closes his eyes, and they sit in silence together for a measureless time.
"What a very pretty child." Sherlock said, for obviously he didn't really know how else to pay a baby a compliment. The way he stayed back, as if afraid, really demonstrated his inexperience with children in general.
"John don't let this house get in the way of your marriage." Sherlock warned.
"I admit the idea of a soulmate is tempting." Sherlock admitted quietly.
"Another character?" John asked nervously.
"So what was this business then, this great trip you went on?" Mary asked as she handed Sherlock a glass, and then one to John. They were quiet as they took their first sips, yet John shortened his appreciation of the flavor so as to be the first to answer.
"No, it's definitely not that." Greg assured with a little nod. "No way people like you better than me."
as if there wasstill such a thing! Had Sherlock not abandoned him, and left him on his own for such a foolish string of words, spat out in a fit of uncontrollable influence? And were they officially separated, had that seemingly invincible, immortal cord really been snapped? John lay back down on the couch, his head fogging even though he was not in the least bit tired. He felt as though this was better pushed aside, it was a thought that might be better pondered in the daylight. John still felt as though he was under the influence of something, whether it be the wine, or the delirium, or the sadness. Yet something was making it difficult to concentrate. Something was making it difficult to think of anything other than the obvious- and those eyes wouldn't leave his vision even after he had closed his own.
"You wrote this?" he clarified.
"Indeed I have." Sherlock agreed, now straightening up in his chair as if he felt he needed to sit a bit prouder. "Perhaps my past self had been desperate enough to use looks for money, I myself value education, and patience as well. Waiting for the right person."
"Yes, yes, honey. I'm not blind." John reminded her, stepping out into the driveway and feeling something similar to excitement...or perhaps not. He felt something drawing him forward, yet with further consideration he couldn't call it excitement. There was a tugging within his stomach, one which reminded him more of reluctance. However it was coupled with a straining of his heart, one which was attempting to pull him closer to the doors where they stood closed and locked. The two feelings together, well it couldn't have been excitement. Perhaps purpose was a better word. Or rather Fate. He stared at the house and he knew it to be awfully familiar, even though he had never been here in person. Perhaps he seen this house before, maybe in life, maybe in a dream. This house, the way it loomed upwards with eyes like windows, staring down upon him with that glint of recognition...John knew in the depths of his heart that he had returned. Returned to what, he had no idea, but as he stepped towards the house he was certain that he had been here before.
"Yes, I suppose you're right. I am pretty exhausted." John admitted finally.
"That's not a guarantee." Sherlock assured quietly, rubbing his thumbs softly over his palms so as to calm him down from whatever fear was beginning to overtake him.
"I could be bisexual." John offered. Sherlock nodded slowly, looking now very confused.
"I'll stay with you." John said immediately, feeling the need to prevent Sherlock anymore hassle, anymore inconveniences for the night. "So long as I can get this fire going, I'll sleep in that armchair again, it wasn't too bad."
"Well yes, certainly there's records on this house that we do not know of. Surely his name must be somewhere in history." Sherlock insisted.
"JOHN, YOU HAVE A VISITOR!" she cried, amplifying her voice in a way that only a mother could.
"You'd be happy to know that it's not because I'm tired. It's because I'm
"Well then, to my house then." John said with a grumble.
John growled, releasing now a little maniacal laugh. Sherlock got to his feet immediately, his jaw dropping in defense, now looking ready to smack John across the face in his defense.
"What on earth are you getting up to with that kid? Let's not forget you've got a pornographic picture, and now you're running about and skipping classes with him? I know I'm not supposed to get suspicious, especially not of my best friend, but really John. A guy has to start wondering." Greg admitted with a little hum.
"What's that?" Sherlock asked excitedly, recovering now from the shock of another suspected attack and moving in on the key.
"How old are you, Sherlock?" Mary asked, walking around the counter and widening her eyes while waiting for a response. Sherlock looked just a little bit taken aback, as if he was worried she doubted his intellectual abilities by asking his age.
"It's loud." Sherlock decided at last, and with that he gave a little sigh of regret before moving back into the main corridor. He wasn't sure what to feel when trapped inside of that room, for he was sure that death was supposed to be pitiful and birth was supposed to be exciting. Though when the two of them were combined, when a birth brought along a death, well perhaps the feeling should be neutral. Perhaps it was okay to feel nothing at all. Sherlock sat down on the floor, staring out one of the lengthy windows and curling his legs into a knot underneath of him. The stars looked especially brighter now, as if they were veering closer than before. From what Sherlock understood of the world, which admittedly was not very much at all, he imagined they must be being pulled by something. An invisible force, perhaps a string attached to their ship, well something was moving them along through space. The engines had died long before he had even been born, though still they were moving. Perhaps they were getting close to a system, then. Perhaps something was pulling them in, and would realize the urgency of the matter. The world only had about only one human lifespan left, for when the little child died he would surely be the last of them. He was doomed, they were all doomed.
"I don't think they're all like that." John defended quietly.
"I can't tell." Sherlock admitted quietly. "It feels right, but it doesn't feel like I own it. I recognize it but it seems to be borrowed, all the same."
"Why'd he pull you out?" Sherlock wondered curiously. John sighed heavily, shaking his head before dropping the poker back on the rack and going to sit on the floor, leaning his back against the couch Sherlock was lying on and stretching his feet out towards the warmth of the flames.
“Yes.”
He turns.
“No.” John hiccups, wetly. “I guess not.”
His voice is empty. He is empty.
He feels the concrete. He blinks and sees debris and the glassy skin of the swimming pool. He tastes ash on the tip of his tongue. He smells singed hair and clothing. He hears John gasping beside him. Their hands are still joined as if melted together by the flames. His palm is sticky. Sherlock feels a weight on his chest, but more oppressive than anything is the weight of memory.
John can’t move. Fear, utter fear. Whatever Sherlock does next, he knows he will accept it. The strength has drained from him, drawn into the sudden slip of closeness. Into the taught skin of the moment, a tiny expanse of time pulled flat and trembling between them.
can’t…”
“I watched her deteriorate.” He swallows. “I cannot deny that they do seem to match.”
, he follows him down the hall and up the stairs, and then they’re back in the room and John turns on the lamp and sits on the edge of the one bed and Sherlock stands by the door, unmoving, still gripping the knob with a hand that does not tremble.
