Everybody was shocked when the woman sobbed and pulled Cas into a tight hug. “Thank you! He might not be my flesh and blood but he’s still my son and I don’t know what would have happened if we had lost him.”
Dean slipped his tongue out to wet his chapped lips. “You’re bigger than I imagined. Hell, you’re bigger than even Benny and he wasn’t small. I haven’t even fingered myself since we broke up. I’m a little nervous to say the least.”
Michael lurched to his feet, towering a few inches over the other angel. “What you ask is forbidden! No guardian angel is allowed to offer tangible assistance to the human they are assigned to!”
Meg watched helplessly as they walked away. She struggled with her bonds for hours, but the ropes were too tight. Without the use of her hands, Meg couldn’t perform any of her usual tricks. Meg tried to call upon the magic she had felt when she called Robin Hood, but it had all but disappeared. Once the fire in the camp had died out, and every man was fast asleep in their tent, she called out, “Help, unicorn, help me!” When the unicorn didn’t immediately appear, she continued to call out into the night.
“Make me,” Gabriel taunts. “Oh, that’s right, you can’t. Because I’m an archangel, and you’re nothing but a petty little pencil pusher. So go ahead and suck it, spuds.”
Castiel opens his mouth to retort, but Rowena's bright, tinkling voice suddenly sounds right next to his elbow.
They don’t care that he’s good with kids, or likes babies, or uses air quotes, or does the dishes without being asked. They don’t know that he looks like a confused owl when he doesn’t get pop culture references, or that he gets excited about things like automatic light timers and garage door openers. They don’t know that he’ll read the same book to Jack and Ben three times if they ask, or that he looks at Dean like he’s someone really special, even though he’s not.
Dean reaches up, grabs Cas' face in both hands, and kisses him hard. Cas lets out a surprised yelp, but he recovers almost instantly and starts matching each lick and suck and bite with gusto.
“Okay,” Dean announces. “You and Cas are both one dead rabbit away from going insane, so I’m gonna run to Kwik Trip and stock up on snacks. Any requests?”
no ducks, and if he did, they would be made of crack. He had the kid wrapped up in a towel, Dean. A goddamn
"Charming," Cas says dryly. "Well, you're going to have to fake it for a while, because I have back-to-back meetings all morning."
"And here I thought you were just being a romantic sap," Dean says, clenching his fists. "Is that why I felt so damn tired afterwards?"
Slowly and reluctantly, Dean pulls himself out of dreamland and cracks open one eye. His twin sons are standing side by side next to his bed, staring at him.
It's a chilly, rainy day, so they stay inside. Cas lets Dean pick a movie to watch, which Dean initially thinks is sweet, but he quickly discovers that Cas has ulterior motives. He starts by putting Jack in the motorized baby swing, rather than keeping him cuddled on his chest like usual, then sits down right next to Dean on the couch, leaving no room between them. Automatically, Dean puts an arm around him, and Cas settles in against his side.
"Please. You tell me everything. How many times have I had to listen to your whining? 'Dean's so irresponsible.' 'Dean drives me crazy.' 'Dean's so annoying.' Dean's so strong and brave.' 'Dean's so pretty I could cry.'"
Castiel’s face crumples up with sadness. “I am sorry,” he says. “I had no choice. Odin called for me, and I had to return to his service.”
Cas snorts. “He’s been on his tummy for a good fifteen minutes. You can probably roll him over now.”
Castiel has never gone skydiving, but he did go bungee jumping once in college. This is the same thing, right? Just a few extra thousand feet between him and solid ground.
Relieved, Castiel rubs Dean's hip with his free hand. "Very good, my darling. Don't be afraid to use it if you need to. Understand?"
"Yes, it is." Cas' eyes zero in on Dean's crotch and he licks his lips. "I think you should play with mine now."
“I’m sure he does,” Dean says curtly. He locks eyes with Cas. "I need to talk to you ASAP. About a… research thing.”
with Balthazar. He doesn’t know anyone here, and even if he did, he wouldn’t be able to hear them over the thumping techno music.
Dean doesn’t seem to notice his snappish tone. He just grins, seizes Cas’ elbow, and guides him into the living room. “Hey, Mom! Come meet Cas.”
“What if…” Dean hesitates. He can’t quite believe what he’s about to say. “What if someone wanted to take him in? You know, like give him a place to stay until his family tracks him down?”
"I wanted to apologize," Cas mumbles, shuffling into the kitchen. "I was upset and I took it out on you. That wasn't fair."
Castiel represses a sigh. "I put in the request months ago," he says, trying not to sound bitter. He
"Just give us a hint," Cas says, a note of desperation creeping into his voice. "Please. I was nearly murdered by a pack of vamp-wolves today."
As terrifying as Dean's ER visit was, Cas is oddly grateful that it happened. Going through such an intense experience together seems to have broken down the barrier between them, which is good, because they have five more days of spring break to get through and Cas does not want to spend them in awkward silence.
It’s started to snow by the time he makes it back to his car. He checks his phone and finds a text from Sam.
Two days later, Dean is curled up on the couch and Cas is kneeling on the floor changing Jack's diaper. Dean's making funny faces as usual (more for Cas' benefit than Jack's) when the baby suddenly lets out a sweet little giggle.
“And I’ve got an exam in the morning,” Sam almost whines. “Plus two more on Wednesday, plus I have to pack.”
Cas merely grunts and keeps moving. His gait is stiff and he's holding his arm close to his chest, and in spite of his anger, Dean can't help feeling a little worried. The guy looks like he's been to hell and back.
"You might be able to charm your way past every other employee at HunterCorps with that pretty face, Winchester," he growls, "but it won't work on me. You are not special, despite what everyone else in this company tells you. So either follow the rules, or stay out of my library."
"Meg," Dean says, ignoring the hunter who's now sputtering incoherently, "do we have surveillance cameras?"
Cas swallows. He loves this man so much, just as deeply and strongly as he loves Jack, but if Cas does end up having to choose between them, Dean deserves to know what his answer will be.
Dean hesitates for a long moment. This is an evil thing, he reminds himself. A monster. He kills monsters. But then he remembers the tender way Cas kissed him, the fierce, protective tone of his voice, the incredible rush of pain and pleasure Cas brought him that night. Cas made him feel things he's never felt before. He's never felt such release, never been the object of such devotion.
For the next few minutes, chaos ensues as people go in and out, bringing cold gusts of air with them and shouting about where everything should go. Cas retreats to the kitchen where he and Jack can stay safely out of the way. Jack is wide awake and wriggles in Cas’ arms as they listen to the chatter of voices coming from the entryway.
"Sure, why not." Dean watches Manuel pour another shot, then decides it's time to get down to business. "So," he says, schooling his face into an appropriately serious expression, "did you hear about that girl they found near Hansen Dam?"
"Shut up," Cole says, but the fire's gone out of him. "You're all a bunch of dicks." He starts to walk away.
Dean's orgasm hits him like a freight train, and he lets out a strangled cry as waves of pleasure ripple through his body. His back arches up off the bed, his toes curl, and suddenly he's shooting all over his stomach, warm and messy. His hips buck for another few seconds, and then it's over. He's left staring at the ceiling, tingling and twitching with aftershocks.
"Nobody's killing anyone," Cas interjects, rolling his eyes. "Luke's in jail and he'll stay there until his court date. Unless someone pays his bail, which I highly doubt since it's almost a thousand dollars and he isn't worth a quarter of that."
Cas and Gabriel are sitting at the table, pale and stunned, staring at a bundle of blankets on the tabletop. Soft coos and gurgles are coming from the bundle, and Dean has to blink several times to make sure he’s not hallucinating.
"What do you mean, what?" Dean glares back at him. "You just pulled a fucking Batman manuever back there and you don't expect me to have any questions?"
From the kitchen comes the sound of cupboard doors opening and shutting. Dean, Cas, and the boys all exchange glances. Without a word, all four of them rush over to the kitchen doorway and poke their heads through, Stooge-style.
“He’s not, technically,” Cas says, “but thank you.” Carefully, he unwraps the little baby burrito, then sucks in his breath. “Jesus Christ, he’s not even wearing a
Cas glares at him, then puts on an equally ridiculous deep voice. "'Hi, I'm Dean," he mocks. "I flirt with anything that moves and I own more clothes than all of the Kardashians put together."
As if sensing Dean’s gaze, the man awakens with a jerk, and Dean’s stomach suddenly feels as though it’s full of flopping fish. He’s never seen eyes so blue, so deep, so piercing. There’s an otherworldly quality to them that sends a shiver down Dean’s back, but he swallows his fear and reminds himself that an evil being wouldn’t spend so much time nursing him back to health if it was planning to kill him. This man likely means no harm.
The monsters close in, ugly faces twisting into ferocious grins. Castiel struggles to get up, but his gear is weighing him down. Sweat drips into his eyes, burning and stinging, and there's a sharp pain in his right knee when he tries to stand.
Dean stares at the figure crouched in front of the fire, mind spinning. He puts together what he knows. Castiel is mortal, but not human. He says they met when Dean was a boy, but that he looked different at the time. And that he’s indebted to Dean for something.
"Sure thing." Charlie grins and tucks her feet up underneath her, which is quite a feat considering how small these chairs are. "Were you just humming the theme from
Jack, of course, pays no attention and continues to whimper. They wait a few more moments, and then groan as the whimpering turns into full-blown crying.
“Cool.” Dean backs away and bumps into a bookshelf, making it sway dangerously. “I’ll just, uh… get that started.”
Despite the usual morning drama (Ben and Jack fight over a shirt they both insist is theirs, Ben has a meltdown because Jack ate the last of the corn flakes, Jack goes outside to get the paper without shoes or socks on,
Cas laid a hand on Dean’s shoulder waiting to see if he would shrug it off. When he didn’t, Cas lowered himself to the floor and then wrapped an arm around Dean’s stiff shoulders. His heart ached for the broken man next to him.
“Hey, Baby, did you miss me,” Dean said to his classic nineteen sixty-seven Chevy Impala. He turned her on to warm up while he opened the garage door and shoveled quite a bit of snow away from the driveway. Once Dean had a path cleared, he hurried to get in Baby, sighing in contentment at the toasty warmth of the car’s interior. After a few minutes, Dean’s fingers regained their warmth, no longer feeling like frozen popsicles. He backed Baby out of the garage, shut the garage door, and headed to town.
“Wait, you were out on the ocean in that? Dean, you guys could have been killed! Please tell me Alistair got his ass chewed out,” Sam exclaimed.
They did spend some time just driving down the neverending road of Heaven. When they grew tired, they turned around and headed back to the Roadhouse. There was a huge welcome party and Dean was finally reunited with all the family he had lost over the years. Ellen, Charlie, and Jo nearly tackled him as they rushed to give him a hug. He then pulled Ash into a hug and quietly turned down the special brownie the man offered him. After that, he was passed to Kevin and his mom. He hugged both of them and was happy to see that Kevin finally made it to Heaven.
I can’t wait to grow old and gray with you. I look forward to when we’re senile old men who sit on our porch and complain about our aching hips and backs. One day, when our bodies have grown weary of this life, we will leave this earth and travel to an eternal paradise, and I’ll be right there with you. From this day on, our souls will be bound, and I will never leave you alone again. I love you to the stars and beyond.”
The unicorn, who was usually so sure-footed, found himself stumbling in his haste to outrun the Bull. He tripped and fell to the ground, his knees scraping against the rocks. He struggled to his feet and continued to run. The few bushes that grew seemed determined to make him fall once more, wrapping around his hooves and slowing him down. He was growing more panicked as his inability to escape the Bull became apparent. His breathing was loud in his ear, and he feared his heart would burst from his chest. He didn’t dare to look over his shoulder, afraid of what he would see.
Cas reached out and slid his fingers into Dean’s. The hunter was looking at him with a combination of fear, disbelief, hope, and joy. “There shouldn’t have been, but Billie intervened. She said this is your reward for a job well done.”
Cas tried to stop the tremors that were wracking his body. He leaned into Dean heavily, wanting the comfort. Dean gladly wrapped an arm around him.
The unicorn stared at the butterfly. “What are you doing out on such a windy day? You’ll get swept up in the breeze and die long before your time.”
“Yeah, we did. You were right; he was afraid of how I would handle being on my own and all the changes that are gonna happen now. I told him I would be ok.” Dean pulled Cas into a deeper kiss. “Especially since I have a super-hot high school teacher as my boyfriend now.”
A couple of hours later, Dean was happy to see his brother and Eileen reunited. They ran into each other’s arms and shared a passionate kiss that Dean couldn’t help but take a picture of. He dropped his head, a shy smile on his face knowing that Sam was finally getting the ending Dean always wanted for him.
“I know of the statue you speak of and I assure you it and I are completely unrelated. I am certainly no angel,” Cas replied.
Cas fought to not laugh at Dean’s childlike enthusiasm. After a quick trip to Walmart, there was a new TV in the living room. As soon as it was set up, Dean had gotten a Netflix subscription. He and Cas were now watching one of Dean’s favorite shows: Dr. Sexy MD.
Dean cupped Jack’s head and pressed a soft kiss into the short hair. “That’s all because of you, son. None of this would be possible without you. You’re a good kid; you’ve always been a good kid even when I couldn’t see it.”
Cas sighed. “Yes, well most of them are of the murderous beast variety, but not all of them. There are a few who just want to live a peaceful life.”
He dropped his head to press his lips against Cas,’ wanting to take his mind off the unfamiliar feeling in his lower body. He pressed tender kiss after tender kiss to Castiel’s plump lips. He slipped his tongue inside the steamy cauldron of his mouth and stroked every inch with ghostlike touches. As he distracted Cas, he could feel his boyfriend’s body relaxing around him.
Dean and Cas go swimming together and the Cas meets Mary for the first time. Mary and Bobby have a few secrets of their own. More Dean/Cas domestic fluff.
Sam stood up and moved until he stood right behind Dean. “Nah, Cas can do that for you. You look good, Dean. You look happy.”
“I was Ellen, I was happy. Benny… he meant a lot to me and he was there for me when mom died. I wonder what happened to him all the time.” Dean’s voice was solemn, as he was reminded of how things had ended between the two of them.
Dean shrugged. “I have no idea. Truth is, I did almost die. I was thrown from the ship when a big wave swept me overboard. The next thing I know, I’m waking up wrapped in blankets with Cas sitting naked not even a foot away from me. Hell of a surprise. We quickly figured out neither of us could talk, but Cas has spent so much time around humans that he knows most of our spoken language and a little bit of it written. He was able to tell me he saved me and that he was a siren.
Dean got out first and then realized something. He had no idea how to get Cas out of the pool. He leaned down to touch the other man.
They ate in silence, but it was tense and awkward. Dean kept his eyes on his food and refused to look at Cas. After asking a couple of questions and getting nothing more than a grunt in reply, Cas picked at his food quietly.
The unicorn stared at Fenrir’s cage long and hard. Suddenly, he gasped as he realized what he was seeing. While there was a large monstrous black wolf in the cage, beneath it lay a much smaller wolf who was gray with age. Fenrir was a phantom, attached to the wolf and being brought to life by its movements. As the unicorn looked at the other cages, it was the same phenomenon. Where there was a lizard, there was also a massive wyvern with piercing eyes and sharp talons. The lion was blanketed by a large creature, its additional heads spewing false fire periodically. A blazing red phoenix with massive flaming wings overshadowed the eagle. A blind basilisk’s massive body covered the snake as it turned and twisted in its cage.
“You’re not going to lose me! I’ll still come visit whenever I can. This is my dream Dean, why can’t you just support it,” Sam begged of his older brother.
They had adopted Claire three years ago and at eleven years old, the girl had seen more than any child had the right to. Her parents had been murdered right in front of her and she was only saved by the cops showing up in the nick of time. It had taken a while for her to warm up to them and even though she loved Cas, her and Dean shared a special bond. Two tortured souls finding one another as Cas put it.
“Benny, it’s ok. I didn’t know how to help myself so how could I expect you to help me? Look, I know things have been rough but Benny, I need help. I need a job and I need to get my life back in order. I need to fix my apartment up and I need to get my addiction under control. You don’t owe me anything, but I would sure as hell appreciate it if you would help a brother out.” Dean was begging at this point, his eyes pleading with Benny.
His shoulders slumped in defeat when he didn’t hear the two words he was begging to hear. He slowly opened his eyes to see an empty room. He felt something in him shatter even more than what he already was. He trudged inside and sat heavily on Cas’ bed, Miracle jumping up next to him. The dog whined before laying down and forcing himself into Dean’s lap.
Once their food was ready, Ellen and Jo left them alone to enjoy the rest of their date. They ate in silence, but there wasn’t much need for conversation. They were enjoying having time together, just the two of them. For dessert, they each had a slice of pie and after paying, they headed home. They unpacked all their purchases from the zoo before settling on the couch, ready to enjoy another movie. Cas was resting in Dean’s lap with his arms wrapped tightly around the leopard shark he had bought.
Most creatures were huddled in their homes, not daring enough to brave the severity of the storm that was raging outside. Castiel was
Eileen stepped back, and Jody, Donna, and the girls ran up to them. “Oh, congrats, boys; I’m so happy for you,” Jody said as she pulled them into a hug.
The hunter had been right when he said there was one unicorn left in the world. The unicorn couldn’t make sense of that statement, though. His kind was immortal, and while they typically lived alone in their forests, only coming together for a rare mating, there had never been a time when the world was without unicorns. It had been centuries since the unicorn had seen another of his kind, but that was nothing unusual. He had spent his entire life in his forest, watching over generation after generation of the creatures that called the forest their home.
The Bull roared, and the unicorn shrunk even lower to the ground. He walked as if he was being led to his death, and perhaps he was. He looked over his shoulder at the Bull but didn’t attempt to flee. The fight in him was gone.
“Hey lovebirds, you gonna come give us a hug?” Ellen called. Dean couldn’t stop the sob that escaped his throat as he rushed into Ellen’s arms. She wrapped her arms tight around him and whispered, “Hey there, hon. I’m so proud of you.”
He pointed the gun at Bobby, spittle flying from his mouth as he shouted, “Stay out of this Bobby! I had a real-life siren in that tank and Dean did something with it and I want to know what! That creature was going to make me rich and famous and I’ll be damned if he gets away with it!”
Benny pulled his hand away and reached into Dean’s bedside table, searching for the lube he knew was hidden there. He also grabbed a condom. He dropped the package on the bed as he squirted lube into his palm.
Cas nodded before following his boyfriend out the room. Dean was finding that Cas was very curious and wanted to learn as much as he could. He practically demanded that Dean show him how to make breakfast. He even declared that he wanted to try making it the next morning.
“I woke up early and decided to go get breakfast. I figured you would like some as well.” Cas scooted the bag closer to Dean.
They ran down the passageway, the Bull on their heels. As they ran, the air turned salty, and the faint sound of crashing waves could be heard. They rounded a corner and entered a deep red cavern, the Red Bull’s den. On the other side, the tunnel opened up, and sand could be seen at its base.
“You couldn’t have done that in my realm? You know how much I loathe these humans,” the man snapped.
“Fine,” she bit out. “You want your precious angel, you can have him… but on one condition. I’ll give the angel back, but he won’t be an angel any longer. I refuse to be woken up by him ever again.”
The pattern had been broken when Dean had woken up next to Cas and told him that Cas would be coming with him this time. They had done a little shopping, Dean insisting on them getting new clothes that were a bit fancier than their standard jeans and flannel shirts. Again, Dean had avoided his boyfriend’s questions, saying Cas was just going to have to trust him. Now, it was late afternoon, and they were driving down the road to a destination only Dean knew.
Sam frowned at his brother. “Dude, how many times do I have to tell you not to talk when you have food in your mouth?” Dean just grabbed another piece and shoved it in his mouth.
Dean reached out with his hand, but Cas stepped away. “Please, Cas, tell me. Whatever it is, I can handle it.”
“Welp, I hear the kiddo calling you! You better get going, or else you’ll have a riot on your hand. Give Jack my love, and I’ll see you guys in a week.”
A few minutes later, they stopped outside of a brightly colored bakery in pink and orange hues. Instead of finding it loud and obnoxious, Cas found it warm and welcoming. Dean leaned over and whispered, “Charlie has no shame, as you can see. When Charlie started designing this place, she told me she wanted the whole town to know she was lesbian and proud of it. Not like anybody in this town cares anyway.”
Benny glanced at Jack before looking at Dean. “As I said, that kid makes the rules now. I think I’m gonna head down to the bayou and start that restaurant I always wanted to start. Maybe you can come to visit sometime.”
After one more quick kiss, Cas nodded and said, “Yes, we are.” They followed Sam back outside to where Eileen and their guests were waiting.
Cas, who was drawing something in his notebook, didn’t look up but nodded his head. “Hello Dean. It seems we are. I’m sorry for that. I know that I wasn’t your first choice.”
“Keep your hands where they are, love. Take and feel what I give you.” Cas leaned back to give him a better angle to start speeding up his thrusts.
An hour later, Cas had finished his book. He was sitting on the couch, his phone in one hand and the piece of paper Charlie had given him in the other. He was trying to build his courage enough to dial Sam.
Dean looked at the box, which had more tape than wrapping paper on it. “Uh, guys, I might need a knife just to open this thing.”
The man looked at the unicorn with disgust. “It’s a dead horse, mother.” He lifted an eyebrow when he saw the animal take a breath. “Hmm, not dead after all. Why not feed it to the dragon or the manticore?” He chuckled darkly.
Meg finally quit her muttering, staring at the now empty bottle. She lifted it to her lips, smacking them a few times. “That’s done it, but as I said, it’s weak. Hardly any flavor at all.” She turned the bottle over, looking at it with a wicked grin.
“Hey,” Dean said softly, cupping Cas’ jaw. “It’s what you always wanted so don’t you dare regret it.”
Dean smirked at hearing his normally eloquent boyfriend reduced to mere words that weren’t even enough to form a sentence. He tugged Cas behind him as he headed to the left corner of the back yard. He was forced to stop when Cas didn’t follow him. He looked over his shoulder. “Babe?”
Once they all had their hats on their heads, Dean pulled the tripod stand out. He got everything set up, then turned to Jack and asked, “Alright, monkey, how do you want us?”
Finally, one afternoon, the unicorn made his choice. He quickly made his way to the edge of the forest, trying not to feel the familiar earth beneath his hooves and smell the familiar scents. Once he reached the edge of the trees, he stopped and looked over his shoulder to see multiple creatures staring at him. “I must go quickly and come back as soon as I can!” The unicorn stood on his hind legs and let out a melodious whinny before running down the path, leaving his forest for the first time.
Dean scratched at the back of his neck as he tried to remember the names of the dragons he had struck down. “There was a big red dragon named Alistair. Another was named Lucifer; a big black brute that took me ages to finally bring down. The last one was a golden dragon named Naomi; she was a bitch that one.”
A few days later, Dean drug Cas to the grocery store insisting he had some things he absolutely had to pick up. As they shopped, half the items Dean put in the buggy Cas would pick right back up and ask Dean why he needed them.
“That is true. I think if I had to curb your pie addiction, it would have been a lost cause,” Cas joked.
He headed to the back wall, where an impressive selection of jackets hung. He searched through the different styles until he found the brand that Jo was fond of. There was one jacket that caught his eye, and he knew Jo would love it. It was a black jean jacket with fringe and a turquoise bead pattern. It would match Jo’s new boots perfectly, and Dean was even more excited to see that it was fifty percent off. He sighed in relief when he managed to find her size, the only medium left on the rack.
Castiel grabbed his wrist and forced Dean to look at him. “Dean, it’s not for the reasons you think! You are an amazing person and any person would be lucky to have you.”
Cas took pity and slowly slid his mouth further down Dean’s cock. The hunter’s dick was like velvet wrapped steel and Cas was already addicted to the sweet sounds that were pouring from Dean’s mouth. He hallowed his cheeks and slid his mouth all the way to the base, Dean’s blonde curls tickling his nose. Castiel pulled back up inch by inch until just the head remained in his mouth. He continued bobbing his head up and down as he let one hand move to fondle Dean’s balls. They were heavy as he rolled them in his hand, and he knew Dean was close to orgasm.
Sam nodded his head. “Broken ribs, wrist, nose. Lots of bruises and even a concussion. Up until this morning I thought he was mugged that night. I guess that kiss with Cas last night brought up some pretty bad memories since he woke up screaming this morning. Right now, he’s pretty confused about everything. I think he thinks that every person who finds out will react the same way that our dad did.”
The unicorn looked through the branches of the willow tree with a deep longing. “I was looking for my kind before Rowena locked me in that cage. Have you seen other unicorns, magician? They look like me, except they are as white as freshly fallen snow.”
Jack fell to his knees, sitting between his fathers. “Sorry Papa, sorry Daddy,” he said, vibrating with barely contained excitement.
“Cas, babe, if you don’t get your ass down here, we’re gonna be late for our own anniversary party and I don’t feel like hearing Sam bitch at me again,” Dean shouted from the base of the stairs.
“Please, Dean, it is tradition, and you promised to give me a real Christmas,” Jack said, his eyes large and begging.
Cas grabbed a dishtowel and quickly wiped up the water before it could drip onto the floor. “It’s ok, monkey. Nothing that can’t be cleaned up,” Cas said, ruffling Jack’s hair. He handed Jack the whisk. “Here, mix the batter so that we can get these pancakes on the griddle. I heard a little boy is hungry and really wants these for breakfast.”
“Cas, hey, it’s alright. I understand needing to talk to someone. Sam and I have done quite a bit of talking ourselves this morning. I’m sorry for hurting you Cas,” Dean said softly, pain lacing his voice.
Meg gave another flick of her wrists, and the cage around the unicorn started shrinking. The bars closed in around the unicorn, forcing him to his knees. He made a sound of despair; the iron was mere inches from coming into contact with his back and sides. He sighed in relief when the bars stilled, although the iron still whispered to him harshly. He hadn’t even heard a word fall from Meg’s mouth but was glad that the iron was far enough away not to touch him.
A little while later, they got up and got cleaned off. Cas put on some of the clothes that were left behind in the cave. They shared a few more kisses before he and Dean walked to Baby. Before heading home, Dean sent a quick text to Sam, Bobby, Ellen, and Jo to all meet at Mary’s house. When he and Cas pulled into his mom’s driveway, they were greeted by their family and friends. Cas was passed around and hugged by all of them while Dean watched, a huge smile on his face. Everyone freaked out when they learned that Dean was once again able to speak. Dean was then passed amongst everybody and hugged while Cas watched fondly. Mary announced that they were all going out to celebrate Cas returning and Dean being able to talk. Sam drove over to Jess’ so that she could be part of the festivities while everybody else went home to get ready and then meet at a local Italian restaurant.
“How did you find out she was a siren besides the rapid healing rate?” Dean asked the question all three men were wondering.
Eileen jerked when a warmth spread across her cheek. She looked up into the bottomless depths of the unicorn’s eyes. She wrapped her arms around his neck and whispered, “Oh, you stayed. You stayed.”
The next few hours were spent full of laughter and happiness. Everyone was excited that Sam finally popped the question to Eileen. Already the happy couple was receiving suggestions for all things wedding related from flowers to cake to the dress that Eileen would wear.
The next morning, the sky was gray, and rain fell heavily over the land. The unicorn and Meg were huddled under a thick willow tree, most of the downfall unable to reach them. Meg was leaning against the trunk, her arms folded across her chest. The corners of her mouth were turned down, and she stared at the pouring rain in silence. She glanced at the unicorn who was grazing on a patch of tender grass. Meg shook her head, finally saying, “Rowena was never my favorite person, but I wouldn’t wish such a fate on someone.” She looked at her companion with narrowed eyes. “Do you not regret letting the demoness out of her cage?”
Dean rubbed at the back of his neck, refusing to meet Sam’s eyes. “Besides Benny, I’ve never actually told any of the people I dated.”
Even though the woman was obviously shocked at Dean’s text, she smiled and looked Cas over. She pulled a small tape measure out her pocket and measured him across his chest and hips. She looked through the clothes that were hanging on the rack before pulling two pieces off. She showed them to the men.
Dean gripped the edge of the bar counter to keep himself from falling off his stool. “How in the hell do you know? We barely told anybody.”
Cas grinned. “I understand. I took sign language as an elective during college and have made sure to keep up with it. I’ve even taught my son. He’s a pretty quick learner, aren’t you, Jack?”
Dean got to his feet and walked back to the wheel. He headed back to the institute, completely dead on the inside. When he arrived, he saw lots of people walking away from the quarantine tank. Most of them had cameras or microphones of some sort. As he walked onto the dock, he was able to make out a few sentences here and there.
“Pshh, whatever,” Sam scoffed. “You only win because you cheat. Nobody is that lucky, Dean. I’ll figure your secret out one day.”
Mary let out a sob as she pulled him into a tight hug. “I’ve missed you so much! Welcome home, Sweetheart.”
“Good to know. Now what do you boys want to eat? Dean, Sam, you want your usual?” Both nodded and then she asked Cas.
They were too exhausted to do much of anything. They took care of their nightly routines, dressed in pajamas, and fell into bed. Cas plastered himself to Dean’s back who didn’t even argue about being the little spoon. Both men were asleep within minutes.
“These past weeks without you have been the worst of my life. I’ve been depressed to say the least. My family has forced me to go to work and eat, but nothing held any appeal because you were gone, Cas. I might be home for you, but you’re life for me.”
The journey back didn’t take as long because Cas hardly ate, and he swam until he was on the brink of exhaustion. He only ate when Spot brought him something to eat as he swam and only slept when she forced him to rest for a few hours. His only concern was returning to Dean, his health be damned.
Cas snorted. “Very good observation Sam. As you can see, Dean wasn’t lying about the size of the bed in his room. The thing is, this isn’t just his room, it’s our room.”
Cas tried to argue, but Dean ignored him, dragging him back inside the store. He marched back to the rack with the lingerie and gave Cas a quick glance, trying to best determine his size.
Cas nodded before putting the picture back on the fridge. He looked at some of the other things Dean had pinned to his fridge. He could tell the man had a thing for old cars since a lot of his magnets were shaped like different automobiles. He saw pictures of different sea creatures but the majority of them were leopard sharks. Cas felt a warmth bubble up in his chest at seeing that.
“I’m not stalking him,” he defended, “but I am having a bit of a moral dilemma. Should I call the police? Leave a tip?”
Dean shot him a glare. “You’re just jealous. That little Corolla of yours doesn’t hold a candle to my baby.”
“And miss out on our little tradition?” He scoffed, his green eyes sparkling in amusement. “I would never do that to you. I love watching crappy movies together!”
She went on to give them office hours and then hung up with one final request for a callback, but he barely heard it over the blood pumping through his ears.
A knock on the door interrupted them, and a servant entered to announce that it was half ten. It was finally time, and surprisingly, his brother had helped calm his nerves. Castiel stood and adjusted the ceremonial cloak, making sure the fur collar fell evenly and draped his wings appropriately. Their small procession made its way down the hall, heading to the throne room where the ceremony would take place. It was a long, winding path, but he couldn’t take any of it in. His only thought was that he was about to meet his fiancé and finally see him in person, rather than holding onto the memory of a portrait that had been painted when the man was eighteen.
Castiel had the feeling he’d let Dean call him anything if it earned him another smile. “Please. I want you to be comfortable around me.”
Two sets of eyes turned to Dean’s face, but he didn’t care. He couldn’t help the way his eyes rolled into the back of his head, and the way his mouth opened in a gasp. He knew he made quite the image, but he couldn’t help his reaction to the feeling of such intense relief.
He often glanced at his shop’s logo, a unique design that would be easily findable. He stared at landmarks and street signs out of habit, knowing that if his soulmate tuned in at that exact minute, he’d have a location he could find. Fat load of help
Castiel shook his head, “We have them at the capital, but our kind tends to use them for labor rather than riding. When we need to move, we fly.”
He pulled over to the side of the freeway immediately, put on his hazards, and prayed that highway patrol wouldn’t drive past him. The absolute last thing he needed was a ticket when he was on a time crunch. His watch told him it was 7:35 am, so there was a huge chance he could see his soulmate pass him on the highway. He sat there, staring hard at the mass of cars, trying to make out a blur of gold in the mess.
“No, it isn’t. Your favorite part is the bullshit ‘Oh, we can't be together because you’re a prince, and I’m just a lowly kindergarten teacher’ part. And then they split up and have a dramatic reunion.”
Cas fell back on the bed, his limbs limp and tingling in the aftermath of his powerful orgasm. He was sweaty and sticky, and he could feel the cum drying on his chest and hand, but he found it impossible to move. Dean collapsed beside him, his softening cock slipping out of him and leaving him far too empty. He made a noise of discontent and summoned every ounce of energy he had to roll over and throw his arm over Dean’s torso.
That drew his attention to Castiel’s wings, and once he started looking, he couldn’t stop. Dean seemed to be trying to take in every detail into memory. Their dark charcoal color, the slick shine that Balthazar had worked into them that morning, the unruly feathers that always stuck up at the arch. He seemed fascinated, and to Cas’s relief, not at all disappointed in their appearance.
“No, sweetie.” Dean picked her up and sat her on the couch. “Remember when we went to the courthouse and talked to the judge last month? We had to sign some paperwork and then you became my daughter, remember?”
Already he was getting up and gesturing for Dean to follow. He knew just where to look. “Is this for the book?”
The two women had been dating for a few months, so it was no surprise that if Charlie was coming, her girlfriend wouldn’t be far. They would also be a great buffer for Dean’s flirting. He bit his lip, unable to believe he was willing to hang out with a group Dean would be a part of. “I don’t get off until seven.”
was. It wasn’t until he recognized one soldier, a vague recollection of the mustached man fighting alongside him, that he realized what was happening. These men were all older, already into adulthood, and held the stance of men who had experienced the horrors of battle. Battles
complete stop. Traffic was worse than he’d ever seen it before, and he had to assume there was an accident. A bad one, it seemed, since the three-lane highway was completely jammed.
, and he would never make them uncomfortable by ‘making a move’ as his friend Balthazar called it. It would put the worker in an awkward position, and he never wanted to do that to
In the back of his mind, he knew that one day he would be called back to the palace to marry whoever his father chose for him, effectively ending his military career. As the youngest, he wasn’t held to the same rigid standards as his older siblings, but he knew he would still be expected to marry well. Perhaps the daughter of a high-ranking military officer, or maybe the third son of one of his father’s councilmen. Castiel had always assumed he would have some choice in the matter. He was wrong.
Dean had just started dinner, a new recipe for lasagna he found on the internet, and Cas was torturing Claire. By torturing, Dean meant that he was forcing her to clean her room before dinner. Cas had already threatened to bring in a trash bag and throw all her toys away twice, and if he heard Cas say it one more time, he’d go in there and do it himself. At six years old, she was beginning to show alarming levels of stubbornness. He joked with Cas often that she got it from him, but Cas always shot back that Dean was the more pig-headed of the two. He couldn’t argue with that.
The closer he got, the more he noticed. The man’s hair was brown, lit up by the sun. He had charming crinkles around his eyes, showing a life full of laughter and putting the man comfortably close in age to himself. He was wearing a thin white t-shirt, equally soaked with sweat around the neckline, showing off strong shoulders and forearms that spoke to familiarity with hard work.
If Balthazar was with him, he would point out that it was just like Castiel to make an idiot of himself in front of one of the most attractive people he’s seen in a long time. The barista was so out of his league it was laughable. He considered never going back and saving himself the embarrassment of showing his face again, but he almost laughed at the thought. Of
She couldn’t help but ask one of the nurses who had come through to give her a dose of painkillers, “Would he see anything?”
Claire was suddenly in their face, while two-year-old Jack was already digging through the presents to get to the larger ones in the back. “Daddy! Deedee! Did you sleep out here? Did you see Santa?”
Walking outside the palace with only six men to guard them was the strangest thing he’d experienced yet. The last time he was forced away from the battlefield to attend a brothers wedding, he wasn’t allowed to leave the palace at all, let alone with so few guards. Even traveling by carriage in the capital required a dozen mounted guards surrounding him at all times. But here he was, getting introduced to their handful of guards by name.
He enjoyed it far more than he thought it would and even considered staying with Disney and working his way up to design.
Cas almost collapsed into his chair in relief, but all too soon, the fairy godmother was coming his way. Despite his insides still feeling like jello, he greeted her warmly and got to work, lending his shoulder so she could step into the flowing blue robes. By the time she was ready to move on, Dean was gone.
He sighed in relief, finally reaching to his elbow and handing Cas the cold brew. “Let me know when you do, alright? There’ll be a quiz.”
He nodded along, mostly tuning her out. They had been there for fifteen minutes and she’d already gone through three subjects, and if this is how she was when he hadn’t seen her for a month, he’s never going to do
“Fuck, baby. You feel so good.” He thrust again, this time harder and Cas saw stars. “God, you’re so hot.”
“Well, yeah. He’s the crown prince, but after he got engaged, my dad tabled wedding talk for a while. Well, until he sent the letter about you.”
“I can see your gears turning. It’s nothing, ok? I’ve seen worse search history on my boyfriend’s laptop.”
To his garrison, he wasn’t fifth in line for the throne, he was their commander. He broke bread with them, mourned with them, and celebrated their victories. He wasn’t a prince, he was a fair and just leader, his strong moral compass driving him to do what others couldn’t.
“Flirting is one thing, love. Asking out is another thing altogether. I’ve never once asked any of them on a date.”
Dean shimmied down the bed and put his face level with Cas’s dick. Normally, he’d lick and bite at Cas’s gorgeous hips, the crease of his thigh, the skin just below his balls, and even play around with his sensitive foreskin a little, but he didn’t have time. He almost whined at the realization. Half of the fun was driving Cas crazy with his mouth before he even considered touching his cock.
He took a few moments to breathe deeply before pulling out his notebook and jotting down the details. Nothing was new, but it was a habit he was unwilling to break. Dean was just starting to write about the asshole driver when he froze. He still remembered the license plate. Oh my god, he still remembered it! Before he could forget, he wrote it down. Three letters and three numbers. Heart beating a mile a minute, he stared down at the first real clue he’s ever gotten. AFG 379. He couldn’t remember what color the license plate was, or what state was written on top, but his soulmate had been so focused on remembering the license plate that it was practically burned into his brain. For once, he had something he could work with.
Unfortunately for him, Michael didn’t share his enthusiasm. Everything he tried was met with resistance. Going to a tree farm and buying a tree wouldn’t work because, according to Michael, real trees were too messy. The next day Cas came home to a fake tree that came pre-hung with lights. Trying not to take it personally, he tried to get his husband excited about buying a special new ornament at the start of each December, but Michael wanted all of the ornaments to match perfectly. That year, he looked at his fake tree with its matching set of crystal ornaments and sparkling ribbons with contempt. He always had a reason Cas’s ideas were bad, even ideas like spending the holiday with Cas’s parents or starting a gift exchange with their friends were out of the question.
He was starting to feel tingly in anticipation. “I need to pass this class, Professor. Without it, I won't get my… uh… engineering degree.”
“Rise and shine, Cassie! It's your big day!” He slammed the wooden chest shut and moved along to the next, still in search of who knows what. “Hurry and wash, I need to groom those wings of yours and you
Dean nodded enthusiastically. “He's saved villages and been on rescue missions, played escort… There’s nothing he hasn’t done. You’ve heard the songs, right? At first, I thought he was too good to be true, but other soldiers confirmed it! They can’t
Dean looked him up and down for the first time. Sure, the suit didn’t fit the greatest, but in Dean’s eyes, he looked fantastic. “I like it.”
They’ve spoken about how Kelly couldn’t legally sign the child over to them until twelve hours had passed, so they couldn’t take him home until the next day. They’ve talked about the future, how much contact she was comfortable with having between them. They’ve spoken about how she hoped the child would be raised. They’ve spoken about how often they would mail her updates, pictures, and anything else they might think to add. They’ve never talked about her naming him. In fact, they didn’t even think of the possibility until they got to the hospital and she was already pushing.
Balthazar had always been the charming one. That angel could talk the pants off of anyone and seemed to know just what to say to put someone at ease. He had never been personable like his brother, but what he
And even funnier, his soldiers seem to like Cas more than they liked their own Crown Prince. Dean was almost a fixture on the training grounds. He’s been attending sessions with his dad for years before he started sneaking out and coming down on his own. The trainers and the soldiers mostly ignored him, and it’s been
Castiel turned his scowl to Balthazar. “I have responsibilities, Bal, and correspondences to take care of. Despite what you seem to believe, I didn’t spend that decade lounging around like you. I earned my place of command, and my garrisons—”
Suddenly he understood, and with that understanding came a flood of embarrassment. He had been so fixated on teaching the ‘
mad at him, and King John had known about him all along. All of his worries about the match felt ridiculous in hindsight.
of him. He turned in his chair to face Dean, a smug smile playing on his face. “Hello, Dean. Would you like a menu?”
He glanced down at his chest, reading the name printed on the shining plastic. “Oh, yeah. This isn’t my nametag.”
“She was pretty cute. It’s important that the baby has a sibling, you know? I’m an only child and I was pretty lonely. My parents—” she cut herself off. “Anyways, I was really close to my uncle and you two reminded me of him and his partner.”
“Heh. Yeah, that one. Looks like I should probably take it home and rethink it. You’re probably right about Adam.”
Cas laughed and spread his wing to enfold Dean, shrouding him in warmth. Dean leaned back and pressed into the softness, savoring the feeling. “I’ll take your word for it.”
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw movement in the left mirror. He glanced over just in time to see a car driving on the shoulder, bypassing the long line of cars stuck in traffic. He narrowed his eyes at the sight, but he could do nothing but watch as the car drove past him and hope that he got caught a little further down. Obviously, whoever that was thought they were more important than anyone else on the godforsaken highway. Maybe someone would do something.
Dean must have realized that his car was the only one in the lot, because he stopped Cas with a hand to his shoulder, and turned to him in confusion. “Where’s your car?”
Cas figured it was the embarrassment from his behavior finally catching up to him, and he got a petty sense of joy when a well-timed
Dean stopped in his tracks, stilling on the dance floor and forcing everyone else to move around them. He stared at Cas, his expression a mixture of disbelief and confusion. “Holy fuck.”
“Royals are different, though. Their soldiers don’t care about appearances, only skill. To a royal, looks are everything.”
Dean froze, all thoughts of garlic bread and oven temperatures flew out of his mind. “This is Dean Novak.”
Dean jerked forward at the blow and yelped. A second later, the sting of pain on his asscheek set in and he clenched down hard on Cas’s finger. The next thing Dean knew, the finger disappeared and he was being pulled up off the desk. Through a fog of pleasure, Cas’s eyes swam into view. “Oh my god, I’m so sorry! I don’t know why I did that! I shouldn’t have—”
As much as Cas wanted to ignore the annoying man and just get on with his job, his manager had told them on their first day to treat the character actors as well as they would treat the guests in the park. That meant polite conversation was unfortunately part of the job. “It’s going well, thank you.”
Behind his eyelids, he saw the lights dimmed, and when he opened his eyes it was to find most of the lights off, leaving a few security lights. He let out a chuckle, about to suggest they jump around a bit to get the motion-sensor lights to turn back on, but that laugh turned into a hiss as Dean grazed his balls, giving the sensitive skin a little pressure. Lighting all but forgotten, he jumped back into the hand job.
intimidating and the most likely to treat them with respect, despite his near-constant complaints about the ribbons being tangled, the robe wrinkled, the pearls not polished enough or his tastes, the room too drafty, the humans too loud, and their perfumes too strong.
“Well, if he’s a murderer, then he’s a bad one.” She gestured to the security cameras that covered the entrance of the library. “He’s leaving quite the trail.”
Cas let out a long sigh and worked his way to his knees. To Dean’s immense relief, Cas’s eyes were bright and free from redness. He didn’t know how he would react to tears in this situation. “Did they call you, too?”
“Well, yeah. You know I love Claire.” Cas just continued to stare at him, so he pressed on. “That was one of the reasons I wanted to take your last name. That way, we can all be Novak’s. I wouldn’t have asked both of you to change your last names.”
Servants poured into the room and began puttering about, providing him breakfast and placing a bath in the center of the room. He could already hear the grunts of servants carrying heavy buckets of water up and down the hall, slipping and stumbling under their weight.
That was the point of having a soulmate, wasn’t it? Someone out there was his other, boring, half. The perfect partner, one whose life would perfectly mesh with his. Well, this guy’s life meshed a little too well with his, and that was the damn problem. At least Dean was
The king was still staring at him, mouth agape and all brain function ceased. “This says they got married.”
Cas hummed in understanding, but the look he was giving Dean was clearly supposed to be significant. As usual, he couldn’t suss it out for the life of him. “What?”
She ignored him. “I’m just saying. You think he’s hot, he thinks you’re hot. You should ask him out.”
Cas smiled. “I know my profile says I’m a history teacher, but they didn’t leave much room for hobbies. I do historical reenacting, and I met Dean at an event. He was there with his friend, and it was love at first sight.”
“So…” Dean began awkwardly, leading Cas into a slow waltz. “Why don’t you dance? Isn't that prince duty number one?”
He was driving in the right lane, scanning the road before him, always vigilant for any dangers. Dean could feel his sighting coming to a close, and once again, it would be no use to him. Just as he could feel his final seconds, a black smudge on the divider passed in the corner of his soulmate's eye.
Breaking out of his routine was difficult, but he hoped that in the end, it would be worth it. It was a gamble, really. He had no way of knowing if the man would be working on a Saturday morning. Chances were he would walk in and the man would be nowhere in sight, and if that were the case, he’d have to come up with a different plan. One he could enact during the sixty seconds of interaction time they had while the baristas got his drink ready.
“Let’s go.” He pulled Dean along, weaving them out of the crowd and forcing the guards to run to catch up.
He never expected Dean to be so casual, so open and irreverent. It reminded him of the way human men interacted with him in the military, all informal speech and comradery. It did more to calm his beating heart than any breathing exercise could. Perhaps he
They sat on the benches in the halls, waiting patiently for Kelly to be ready to see them. He had a moment of anxiety where he thought that Kelly might change her mind. That she would take one look at the baby and decide to keep him. He squashed the thought. Kelly had told them of her circumstances. Her staunchly religious parents, her absent boyfriend, and the life she would live if she kept the child. He trusted her to go through with it just as she trusted them to give the baby a good life.
“Good.” He leaned forward and gave Cas’s knee a squeeze. “Here’s what you’re going to do. Flirt your awkward little heart out. Let him know
“What?” he whined, scooting away to put a few inches between them. “The lady at the desk said to be honest!”
Once word got around that the carriage contained angels, the townspeople put two and two together, surmising that Prince Dean’s fiancé must be inside. By the time they’d entered the castle gates, they had drawn a large crowd of followers. The people hung back, stopped by the gate but still hoping to get a look. Castiel sank further into the seat, allowing his wings to practically envelop him. He stayed that way up the long drive, around a curve and past a loud fountain. When they finally pulled to a stop and the door was opened, Balthazar was about ready to crawl out of his skin.
Dean rubbed the palm of his hand over his own crotch and threw his head back in pleasure, exposing the long column of his neck. The bruises Cas had sucked into the skin were already dark, and he vowed right then and there that Dean’s neck would never be without them. He wanted to get on his knees and suck matching marks into his chest, but Dean was still wearing too many clothes. “I want to see you.”
“It never crossed my mind that today would be the day I’d meet you. I would have put on a better suit.”
Ignoring the bumpy cobble road and the light flickering through the passing trees, he pressed a piece of parchment across his legs and began writing a letter to Cassie.
Cas picked up Dean’s khaki tights and sturdy black boots and held them out to him, ignoring the greeting. The man winked in return and sauntered into the changing room so he could get into the form-fitting garment away from prying eyes. As he waited, Cas prepped the scarlet top, making sure the padded muscles were nestled into the proper places. Dean came out a few minutes later in the tights and a snug white t-shirt, lips still tilted up in a flirtatious pout and muscles practically bulging out of his shirt.
The next day his toe was peeling, but at least it was the size it was supposed to be. He left in the morning and immediately started driving south. First order of business was with the restoration shop, so he drove there first and signed his contract, officially becoming an employee of Elite Restorations. Because he couldn't talk to Sam about the good news, he sent his exclamation mark filled text to Cas instead.
Cas just continued stroking Dean’s head, lulling him into a boneless puddle. “I wish I had something I can do with Claire, but other than her lecturing about history, I don’t know what to do. She’s growing up so fast...”
His shoulders relaxed and he was finally able to take a breath as his attention was drawn to the woman. He had no idea how he got through the next few minutes of small talk before finally learning his name. Dean.
He preferred his commute to be silent, with no music or distractions of any kind. Clearly, his soulmate was a psychopath.
can make him stop,” he practically snarls. “Of course the magic Dean Winchester can make the demon child
On Sunday, Cas wakes up with his morning wood pressed firmly against Dean's ass. Five minutes later, Dean's buried underneath the blankets giving Cas his first blow job, and while he doesn't have much to compare it to, Cas thinks it's pretty darn good.
you would know that using baby talk doesn’t mean the baby’s gonna talk like that later. It’s more of a comfort thing, a familiar thing. Like a soothing sound. Jack knows that’s the special voice I use just for him.” He pitches his voice slightly higher. “Hi, Jack.” Jack's head turns towards him and he stares at Dean intently. “Hey, buddy. You know I’m talking to you, right? Yeah, you know.” He smirks up at Cas. “Your dad’s just being a buttface.”
“Here’s your pajamas!” he says, shoving them at Castiel, who takes them with the same bewildered look as before. “You wear them for sleeping,” Ben adds helpfully.
into it, in fact, that by the time Marion and Indy escape the burning tavern, he still hasn't noticed the warm hand resting on his leg. At least not until it slides further down and starts stroking his inner thigh.
They finally reach the little coffee shop on the square. Dean grins when the boys spot Charlie and take off down the sidewalk towards her, squealing with excitement. Charlie crouches down and wraps both of them in a hug, then stands up, beaming.
“I’m sure your magical baby whispering powers will save the day.” Cas stalks past him. “I’m going to take a nap.”
Swearing, Dean picks up the flashlight and shines it around. There's a second dead wolf on the ground a few feet away, but no sign of Castiel. "Cas!" he shouts again. "Castiel! Where the fuck are you?"
"I'll take you to the infirmary in a second, don't worry," Dean says, grabbing Cas' arm to make him stop walking. "I just need to do one thing first."
"Fine." Castiel lets go of him abruptly and Dean's head falls back against the wooden floor with a painful thump.
“It’s always something with you, isn’t it?" Castiel storms over to the nearest bookshelf and starts dusting with a bit more force than necessary. "Nothing is
The man’s eyes suddenly snap open. Dean gasps and jerks his hand back. The man blinks up at him, face half in shadow.
"Ugh." He takes another step, boot squelching in the goo. "Why do monsters always gotta be so messy?"
"Hello, Charlie," he says, coming over and setting Jack's car seat down. "How did you get here so fast?"
I was just thinking that! It was super dark right after he was born but now it's turning sort of blond
“You damn fool,” Missouri bellows, smacking Dean with a throw pillow. “Just wait until I call your mother!”
The police stop him before he reaches the house. Dean fights them as hard as he can, vaguely aware that he's screaming at the top of his lungs
"I can, it's just been a while." Cas takes a breath. "I'm a little afraid of driving back, to be honest, but with your hand—"
Dean leans forward and scoops an enormous slice of pizza out of a greasy box. He slaps it on a paper plate and hands it to Cas. “Mac and cheese on pizza,” he says solemnly. “Best thing ever.”
The raven trills its approval and settles down in his arms almost immediately. Dean looks over at the pile of sticks. He can’t carry them
He pockets his phone and stares down at the scarred and pitted bartop. This is the third time he's turned down Sam this month and he's running out of excuses. If he could just
Dean takes a deep breath. “Cas,” he says, and his voice is surprisingly steady. “You need to tell me everything.”
Castiel quickly lowers his gaze. The last thing he wants is to scare this vision away. He pretends to be very interested in his glass as the young man approaches the bar, but it becomes much harder to feign disinterest when he catches a whiff of the man's scent.
Castiel is rock hard and leaking precome steadily, which is a bit surprising. The clean cut Catholic man he'd chosen as a vessel has served him well for many years, but he's never reacted so enthusiastically to sex before. Apparently good old Jimmy has a thing for beautiful young men, which Castiel finds utterly delightful. So much for old-fashioned family values.
,” Dean says. “I helped take care of Sammy when he was little. Missouri let me babysit her grandkids all the time, and I had a girlfriend in high school who had a baby sister. I'm just more used to being around little kids than you are. You'll get better at it." He puts a fresh diaper on Jack and zips the onesie closed. "All clean," he says, picking the baby back up. "Let's go see Dad."
"No." Castiel sounds remarkably calm. "After I killed her" —he points down at the second wolf— "I heard more sounds coming from the end of the tunnel, so I went to investigate." He pauses. "Apparently they were guarding a nest."
After retrieving his freshly washed sheets and pillowcases from the laundry room and putting them on his bed, Dean takes a quick shower and gets himself squeaky clean in all necessary places. Then he goes back to his room, towel slung low around his waist and a little bounce in his step. Fuck, he needs this. It's been way too long.
So Cas stays where he is, never taking his eyes off his brother as he shuffles closer to the couch. Jack, thankfully, is still asleep.
Hours later, when Cas is in bed listening to Jack's sleepy snuffling noises, he scrolls back through the Discord chat, trying to decipher possible meanings behind Dean's words and emojis. It's exhausting and he quickly gives up, but he can't help thinking about what it would be like if Dean felt the same way that Cas feels about him. How wonderful would it be if they could actually be a couple? Dean has surprised him again and again these past few months. He's put up with Cas' grouchiness, Jack's crying, sleepless nights, hectic schedules, doctor's appointments, constant messes, and endless runs to the store for diapers and formula, all without a single complaint. And he's always so good with Jack, so gentle and patient and caring, that it makes Cas ache inside.
"Oh, so you'll just laugh for anyone," Dean says, mock-offended. "I see how it is. Little giggle slut."
that's a nice feeling, having Cas' hands on him. They're large and firm and full of strength, and even though Dean knows they're not
But it's not Dean who’s pinning Luke to the floor. It's someone else. And it’s just about the last person Cas expected to see.
"Maybe." Cas disappears into the walk-in closet, and Dean hears the sound of drawers opening and closing. He stares at the half-open door, entire body wound tight with anticipation.
Dean clears his throat and shifts uncomfortably. It's hard to tell in the orange glow of the fire, but Castiel suspects he's blushing. "Getting laid," he clarifies, eyes flicking away from Castiel and then back again.
Dean makes himself get up, groaning at all the pops and cracks. He really should take up yoga again, but he can’t bring himself to do it. It reminds him too much of Lisa.
"I'm hurrying." Dean allows himself to be pulled along, unable to keep from smiling. "Do you remember Papa's office number?"
2:17 PM: Castiel stuffs down a PB&J while he researches creature rights and anti-discrimination laws for Garth, who was recently turned into a werewolf. Spoiler alert: Garth will probably be fired.
"Fuck." Cas looks around for a safe place to set Jack down. Seeing none, he dashes into the hallway and straps the baby into his car seat. Startled by the abrupt change, Jack starts to cry, but Cas blocks out the sound as he rushes back into the kitchen. Jack will be okay for a couple of minutes. But Dean…
It’s not, really. It’s heavy and greasy and has more carbohydrates than anyone should ever ingest at once, but Cas swallows and gives Dean a small smile. “It’s good,” he says. “I like it.”
"Fine," Cas says loudly over Jack's wails. "You should let me change his diaper first, though. He really stinks."
He was ever hornier than he thought. Maybe in a few minutes he can go again. This time he can put the plug in his ass, test the different vibration settings, see if he can come without touching himself—
By the time lunch rolls around, it seems like everyone at HunterCorps is mad at Dean. Meg, bless her creepy little heart, finally seems to realize that her colleague isn't quite "himself" and offers to watch the front desk so Dean can escape to a quieter section of the library. He gladly accepts. How does Cas put up with this crap every day? This is a
The party’s in full swing when they arrive. Ellen’s tending bar, the ever-present towel hanging off her shoulder. Bobby’s playing cards with Rufus and a bunch of old farts from the VFW. Ash and Garth are onstage playing Christmas tunes on bass guitar and banjo, which
Castiel also stands up, carefully brushing cookie crumbs off his (Dean’s) sweatpants. “Can I be of assistance in any way?”
Once he’s certain he has enough power, Castiel opens his eyes and directs a crackle of bright blue flames into Dean’s leg. The muscles twitch and jump, flesh knitting back together as if by needle and thread. The blood slows, then stops. Castiel continues, moving his hand slowly over the rest of Dean’s body, searching for any internal injuries. He reinflates a punctured lung, closes up a gash in the intestines, and pops a dislocated shoulder back into place. There’s so much more he needs to fix— cracked ribs, massive bruises, lacerations everywhere— but by now he’s shaking and sweating from the effort of maintaining the energy flow. This will have to be enough.
“The penalty for disobeying a superior officer is severe,” Cas continues. “And I am not well-liked among most members of the Council, particularly Zachariah. If he was able to prove my guilt, he would then be able to go after members of my garrison as well. They could all be demoted or permanently discharged from the Host, which is one of the worst fates an angel can suffer. I couldn’t let that happen. So I asked Gabriel for help.”
Sitting up in bed that night, Cas thinks about what Gabe said. Having a good lawyer is not something he anticipated, and while he's glad Gabe is willing to fight for Jack, Cas isn't sure how Dean feels about all of this.
Sam says patiently. "The best thing to do is contact the Department of Children and Families. They can assign Jack a caseworker and help us navigate all the legal stuff. And we should have Cas or Gabe apply for temporary guardianship, because that gives them equal decision-making power. So if Luke does come back, he won't be able to just take Jack away. He'll have to go through the court system first."
Dean lets out a frustrated growl and sits up abruptly, nearly knocking over his water glass. "Well, research isn't getting us anywhere. Maybe…" He trails off, eyes fixed on a point somewhere in the middle distance.
They stand shoulder to shoulder as they watch the bodies burn. Dean is hunched over like he's protecting himself, hands stuffed in his pockets, jaw set, a hard line between his brows. Castiel sneaks as many glances as he dares, soaking in the perfect shape of Dean's body, the way the firelight softens his already-soft features.
“Hey, Red.” Dean pulls her into a one-armed embrace and plants a kiss on her forehead. “Good to see you.”
The air is rank with the smell of Dean's pain, and it's driving Castiel wild. He's long passed the point where he feels any shame for how he satisfies his hunger. It's a need, just like anything else, and he'll do whatever it takes to sate it. If that means pretending to be a hunter and faking sympathy to gain trust, he'll do it happily, as long as he gets to sample the exquisite feast that is Dean's soul. Castiel wants to taste him so badly that it physically aches, but he forces himself to stay calm. Slow and steady wins the race, as they say.
"Look so good, baby," Dean hears himself say. He grasps Cas' hip with his free hand, guiding him back and forth in a filthy rhythm. "So good, you look so hot with my hand on your cock. Can't believe I get to do this with you. You're so good, so sexy, love you so much—"
Everyone is far too excited about baby stuff to bother with dinner, so Gabe orders Chinese while Cas and the Winchesters dig into the bags and boxes. There’s a lot of laughing and “awwws” as they unpack old toys, onesies, bibs, booties, and hats. There’s even a pair of tiny jeans and a flannel shirt, which is just about the cutest thing Cas has ever seen.
Which means he either sleep-walked across the hall into someone else's apartment (it's been known to happen, especially after a stressful hunt, and his neighbors all know not to call the cops by now), or something more sinister is going on.
Abruptly, he reaches for Jack. Cas shrinks backwards, holding the baby tight to his chest, and Luke's smile fades. "C'mon, Cassie," he wheedles. "I just wanna see my son."
Dean’s really proud of Cas. He asks Missouri lots of questions, he handles bottle feeding and burping like a pro, and he doesn’t even flinch when Jack spits up on him. Dean can already tell he’s gonna be awesome at this.
"If you want something, ask for it." Cas is kneeling on the floor, using a pillow for cushioning, and looking so unbelievably
To his surprise, the man shakes his head. “It is I who am indebted to you,” he replies, and that familiar deep voice makes Dean shudder again, though for slightly different reasons this time.
"Even if you did vote, it wouldn't make a difference," Dean tells Cole. "Everybody else is cool with them staying here."
He makes himself a snack one-handed, continuing to bounce Jack gently up and down, and eats standing up in the kitchen. As much as he doesn't want Cole to be right about
“You left me,” he says, voice wavering. “You were my best friend. We went everywhere together. And then one day, you were just…gone.”
They go through half a pack before all of them are able to change Jack properly, but the little guy doesn't seem to mind. He kicks his legs and stares up at them with an intensity that reminds Dean way too much of Cas. He wonders briefly what Cas was like as a baby. He must have been adorable with those big blue eyes and dark messy hair. Was he as serious as he is now, or did he smile and laugh a lot? He should ask Gabe if they have pictures.
"Girl," Dean confirms, grinning so hard that his face is probably gonna break in half. "Charlie made them do the ultrasound three times just to make sure. Maybe now I'll finally have somebody who'll watch football with me."
"The fuck, man?" he says to Dean without preamble. "You can't just decide to do shit without giving me a vote."
He starts rifling through the drawer, marveling at the sheer number and variety. Polka dotted boy shorts, lacy bikini bottoms, briefs with frilly bows, and
And just like that, it's over. Cas' eyes fade back to blue, his wings fade out of sight, and his skin stops glowing. For a long moment, he and Dean stare at one another. Everything is quiet except for the sound of their panting.
“Listen, if he wanted to steal from me, he’s had ample opportunity already,” Dean counters. “The guy’s in a tough spot, so I’m helping him out. That’s all.”
By the time they’re sitting down again, the auction has resumed, although Dean doesn’t hear a word of it. He and Cas can’t seem to stop smiling goofily at one another, and they still haven’t let go of each other’s hands. It should feel embarrassing and awkward and forced, but it doesn’t. It just feels good.
"Still more than me." Cas throws a leg over Dean and settles into his lap. "We'll just figure it out as we go, I guess."
The four guys troop off to the bathroom, shoving each other and laughing. Dean sits down next to Cas. "You okay?"
Dean’s already forgiven him, but he pretends to consider for a few moments. “Very well,” he says at last. “On one condition.”
the librarian that my brother won’t shut up about,” he drawls. “Castiel, isn’t it? Dean talks about you
. He throws his head back against the arm of the couch and groans. “Oh God, Cas, do that again, it feels so good—”
He hadn't expected to feel so disappointed when Dean had left the next morning. It's how Castiel's conquests usually go, so why should this one be any different? But when he rolled over and blindly reached for the warm body beside him, he felt only cold, empty space, followed by an immediate sense of
“Cas.” The nickname falls from Dean’s lips without his permission, but Castiel doesn’t seem to mind. He tears his gaze away from the fire and looks into Dean’s eyes.
"This better be about the curse," he grumbles, "and you better have some idea of how to break it, because I am
“I know.” Dean gets out of the car, walks around to the passenger side, and opens the door. Cas frowns at him with that cute little squint that makes him look like a confused owl, and Dean has an insane urge to kiss him— right here, right now, in front of all the little old ladies and hordes of schoolchildren and everybody else visiting the gardens on a Thursday afternoon.
should be the one who’s afraid here, but he’s not. He just feels confused. And sad. Like he’s lost a piece of himself that he didn’t even realize was missing.
"Bad things do happen, Dean," Castiel answers. "And in my experience, there's not much we can do about it."
Dean grins. “Come and see.” He leads Cas to the spare room and opens the door. “Ta-da! Merry Christmas!”
“God had a plan,” he says, “and I think it involved you. Or someone like you." His brows knit together as though he's trying to remember. "I didn’t believe in the plan. I wanted to forget everything, shed my old skin, be reborn. I wanted to be something other than a tool. So I made a deal with Lucifer. A thousand years of torture in Hell, and I would be reborn as an aggel, which is a demon of angelic origin. Then I would be free to live my life the way I wanted." He rolls his eyes. "But I’m still not really free. I just serve a different master now. Lucifer conveniently forgot to mention that little detail when we were making our deal.”
Dean and Cas both reach for Jack at the same time. Cas glances at him with a raised eyebrow, and Dean pulls back with an embarrassed cough. “You, uh, go ahead,” he says gruffly. “Your baby.”
"What?" Dean sputters, turning bright red. "No! We didn't do the— this is not appropriate workplace conversation, Meg!"
“I love you too,” he mumbles, face burning, because he’s not used to saying how he feels and he’s half afraid that his dad’s ghost is going to jump out and demand that he turn over his Man Card, but of course that doesn’t happen.
“You, too,” Charlie says, then catches sight of Castiel standing awkwardly off to one side. “Who’s your friend?”
"Oh, crap," Dean breathes. There's a muffled thump. "Meg, quit eavesdropping! Go dust the books or something." Meg says something unintelligible, but no doubt snarky, in reply. "Okay," Dean says. "I don't think it's going to be anything you can't handle. You probably won't even need to fight at all. The squad always goes out first and sweeps the area before we even go in. Then it's usually just a quick slice and dice. Routine operation."
He gives Castiel a flirty grin that's probably weakened knees all over the world, but Castiel keeps his own knees locked firmly in place. Just because Dean is devastatingly handsome doesn't mean he can get whatever he wants, even if he is the CEO's son.
wear panties every day, does that mean Castiel should wear them, too? Or would that be weird? Dean's going to be wearing
John Winchester comes to a stop in front of Dean, but doesn't so much as look at him. His attention is entirely focused on his eldest son— or rather, the person who
The next volunteer is, to Dean’s disgust, Cole Trenton, who swaggers up flexing his muscles and flashing a smarmy grin. Some waifish blonde who works at the truck stop two towns over snags him almost immediately, probably because everybody who lives here already knows that Cole’s a first-rate dick and wouldn’t be caught dead on a date with him.
hugging Dean is wonderful. Dean tends to use more "manly" forms of affection like back slaps, shoulder squeezes, and gentle punches. He and Cas have never really hugged before. Not like this.
"I agree," Sam says. "If I had to choose any of us to be Jack's guardian, I'd pick Cas every time. No offense, Gabe."
Cas doesn't need telling twice. He pushes past Dean and limps away, jaw set and eyes still blazing. Dean hurries to catch up as Sam and John walk in the opposite direction.
"All that stuff Rowena said. Step inside each other's shoes. The truth will set you free. Maybe she meant it literally."
“Not as much as Cole’s will,” Benny deadpans, making the group dissolve into howls of laughter all over again.
"Hell yeah, he does," Victor booms, and Dean lets out a breath he didn't realize he was holding. "Everyone in favor of kicking Trenton out if he doesn't apologize, raise your hands."
He pushes aside the thin, sweat-soaked sheets, sits up, and immediately wishes he hadn't because his entire ass feels like it's on
“I’m not,” Dean replies, grinning. “It’s nice to see you again, dude. Y’know, when I’m sober and not acting like an idiot."
Manuel spreads his hands. "That's what I'm saying. Lotta people come in here like, 'Man, I was just in that club, and now I can't hear shit.'"
They reach for the stack at the same time, hands brushing as they both try to grab the topmost volume. Dean jerks away as though he's been stung.
They lead the way out of the ER, still bickering. Cas follows, smiling to himself as Jack snuggles into his shoulder.
Tattoos. Giant black wings are tattooed on the guy’s shoulder blades, rippling with his every movement. They’re so detailed, every feather defined, that they almost look real.
"Impala," Dean grits out. His whole body is trembling with what Castiel can only assume is anticipation. "My safeword is Impala."
it’s a man) slowly rises to his feet. It’s hard to see details, but it looks like he’s wearing a trenchcoat. He stares down at Dean, head slightly tilted as though he’s curious.
Mary keeps Castiel and Jack with her most of the day, and when Cas finally asks her what's going on, she just shakes her head and smiles. “It’s a surprise."
Once they leave the room, Ash flops dramatically on the couch. "Jesus Christ," he sighs. "I thought we were done with holiday drama."
“That should be fine,” Cas says. “Thank you.” He hands Dean a folded bill and shuffles back into the living room.
The creature lets out a long, bloodcurdling scream. Then its body goes limp and slides to the ground.
“I did.” Castiel looks away, into the flames. “You were still young, probably eleven or twelve years old. And you were still just as brave and kind as you were at the age of eight. Your soul shone so brightly that all others looked dull in comparison.”
The final step is putting Jack to bed. Thankfully Missouri had an old bassinet stored in her basement that’s in pretty decent shape. Dean cleans it up and makes sure it’s still structurally sound, and then Cas spreads a blanket over the foam pad to make a cozy sleeping place. They decide to keep the bassinet in the living room for now. Jack’s going to need feeding every couple hours, so it makes sense for his bed to be near the kitchen.
Dean clenches his teeth and forces himself to smile pleasantly. “Cas. My wonderful, glorious, amazing co-parent who is superior to me in all ways, will you get your cute butt in the car, please?”
Castiel takes off his pajamas slowly, watching in utter fascination as each inch of bare skin is revealed. Dean is slightly taller than him, but has a much lighter frame. Those bulky sweaters and jackets he wears are probably supposed to make him look larger, but there's absolutely no need for that. Dean is beautiful just like this— broad shoulders and muscled arms, slender waist and narrow hips, long strong legs bowing out slightly, perfect for wrapping around someone's waist. Castiel can't help running his (Dean's) hands over his chest, admiring every bit of sun-kissed, freckled skin, brushing over dusky pink nipples and soft blond hair, frowning at each scar and bruise. It doesn't seem like Dean takes good care of himself. Injuries like these are easy to heal with a little help from HunterCorps' slew of medical staff. He makes a mental note to ask Dean why he looks so banged up when he's got access to the best healthcare on the planet.
"No," Cas says. "I merely feed on their energy. Their lies, their fears, their pain. That's how I survive."
"Thank you." Cas looks down, scanning the pavement for his phone, which slipped out of his hand during the collision.
“Yeah, yeah.” Gabriel rolls his eyes. “It was mildly entertaining, at least. Merry Christmas and all that crap. Ho, ho, ho.”
"It's not weird," Cas says firmly. "It's just a thing you like. That's all. There's nothing wrong with it." A pause. "If it helps, I…" He stares at the floor, face still flushed. "I think they looked… really nice."
"I'm not his dad," Cas repeats, but his annoyance instantly disappears when Dean hands him the baby. His eyes soften as he rests Jack on his knees, bouncing him gently.
"First of all, you haven't brought a single chick over here since you moved in, so that argument is stupid by default," Dean says. "Second, if all you can think about is yourself, then maybe you don't belong here."
“You could have come back,” Dean accuses. “Why didn’t you? I called for you, every night. You never answered.” A sharp pain goes through his chest, remembering the tearful pleas he used to make late at night.
“Damn it.” Dean raises his eyes to the ceiling, willing his erection to stand down. “My life officially sucks.”
Dean seems a little startled—his body tenses and his hands flail around like he's not sure where to put them—but he recovers quickly. He wraps both arms around Cas' shoulders and pulls him close, and for a few blissful seconds there is nothing else in the world but Dean, smelling like sweat and sawdust and green apple shampoo, so warm and soft and strong that Cas never wants to let go.
. “I fell on your roof in the middle of the night and frightened you and your children greatly. Yet you still took me into your home and gave me shelter. Please allow me to assist you with this task, Dean. It’s the least I can do to repay you.”
Cas plants another kiss on his head. "For what it's worth," he says softly, "I wouldn't change anything. About today."
“Can we not talk about this please?” Dean snaps. “Cas doesn’t need to know how fucked up our family is.”
The raven stares up at him. Dean frowns, thinking hard. “Maybe I could take you home with me,” he says. “You could live in the barn until you get better.”
“You drive like a maniac,” Dean says irritably. “I’ll call Missouri, she’s got a minivan and drives like five miles an hour. She can pick up some stuff to tide us over until tomorrow.”
“You are not allowed to visit ever again,” Dean declares, glaring at her over the cushion. “And don’t blame Dad for how I turned out. I’m
Dean shrugs, his face getting warmer by the second. “It’s been a while,” he admits. “And to be honest, I’m not totally sure we’re on the same page.”
"You’ve got two choices,” Cole tells him softly, as calmly as if he’s reading the daily special on a menu board.“You can shut up and hold still. Or I can rip your dick off and stuff it down your throat. What's it gonna be?”
“You got it,” Dean says distractedly, shoving his feet into his slippers and grabbing his phone. “I’ll be right back, okay?”
Right on cue, Dean comes into the room with Jack, looking achingly soft in a faded hoodie and sweatpants. He smiles at Cas, and Cas' heart does a funny little dance behind his ribs.
Then Cesar's voice cuts through the commotion, sharp and cold as ice. "If you don't think fags belong here, Trenton," he says, "then you must think I don't, either."
That seems to satisfy Manuel. He goes back to the two other guys and resumes their conversation, which is too fast for Dean to follow. He glares down into the shot glass. Now he's gotta wait around here until closing time, see if Manuel gets more chatty once his customers aren't around.
Cole glares at him, but retreats back into his room. Cas grits his teeth and walks around the house again and again, trying different holds, singing, making nonsense noises, anything he can think of. And still, Jack cries.
The final piece falls into place as he watches Castiel tend the fire. His movements are quick, almost jerky, making his black, raggedy cloak flutter and sway, almost like…
Dean kneels down beside the bird. It croaks again and cocks its head, studying him with one beady black eye. “I won’t hurt you,” he murmurs. “I promise.”
Dean doesn’t expect this place to have many answers, but it's where the werewolf was rumored to be last seen, so it would be stupid not to check it out. He notes the number of patrons (three at the bar, one at the jukebox, two playing pool) and exits (three if you count the window.) The bartender is a Latino guy with a scraggly beard who seems more interested in his phone than his customers.
Dean nods. "Yeah, the adrenaline takes a while to wear off." He pauses, and it almost looks like he's hesitating. Castiel holds his breath. "I usually deal with it by getting wasted. Or, you know. The other thing."
"How do you know my name, hotshot?" she says, voice sharp. Then, more calmly: "Oh, wait. Did we hook up in the bathroom at last year's Halloween bash? Because I gotta tell ya, man, I don't remember much about that night. Too many mai-tais." Her tone drops into a sultry purr. "Although if you want to get reacquainted, I wouldn't be opposed."
Sam makes a frustrated sound. “Horrible. It’s physically impossible for the human brain to store this much information, I swear.”
Cas grabs the stack of photos from Gabe and looks through them more slowly, unable to stop smiling. Dean is
“No,” Cas says, a little impatiently. For the past few weeks he's had to constantly pronounce his name to teachers and classmates and he's getting tired of it. “Castiel. With a T.”
“Cas?” Dean’s grin fades and he suddenly looks worried. “Look, I’m not trying to take over here, okay? Jack is your responsibility, I know that. I just… we just wanna help. You didn’t ask for this, but you’re doing it anyway. You deserve all the help you can get.”
Another pause. “I sense a ‘but’ coming,” Cas says. His tone is flat, expressionless. Dean would almost like it better if he was yelling.
Gabe folds his arms. "Aren't you the one who said, and I quote, 'You couldn't even keep a cactus alive, Gabriel?'"
Castiel nods. “I was allowed to return, provided that I stay away from humans.” He swallows. “And I tried. Truly, I did. But I couldn’t help myself. I wanted to see what had become of the boy who saved me.”
“You are kind,” Castiel says slowly. “You and the children. Very kind. I will be safe with you, I think. I accept your offer.”
“Thank you.” Castiel takes a handful of silverware out of the soapy water and begins rinsing it off. Dean watches him for a second, then goes back to scrubbing.
“Fuck,” Dean says suddenly. “We totally forgot about food. I’ll heat stuff up in the oven. You guys get back to work.”
Dean wriggles even closer, limbs winding around Castiel's body like an octopus, and lets out a long, contented sigh. Full to bursting, Castiel puts his arms around his beautiful boy and does something he never does. He sleeps.
“Yeah.” Dean swallows, picking up a ring of plastic keys and shaking them gently in front of Jack. “I’ve been trying to decide what to do about living arrangements. We should probably talk about that.”
Dean's hard as a rock by the time Castiel unlocks his apartment door and pulls him inside. It only gets worse when Castiel drops his keys with a clatter and slams him up against the wall. He pushes Dean's jacket off his shoulders in one swift motion, then jams a thick, solid thigh between Dean's legs and pins his wrists above his head, nearly lifting him off the floor. Those blue eyes bore into his, piercing and endless and full of raw animal need.
"There he is," Charlie greets him, standing up and slinging an arm around Dean's shoulders. "What's the word, Mr. Turd?"
"No," Cas says loudly, shifting Jack to the crook of his other arm. "He's just crying. I don't know why."
10:35 AM: Alfie misshelves an entire section of curse books right before he leaves, which means Castiel has to reshelve all of them while simultaneously trying to watch the front desk, because Meg just
"So…" Dean swallows, an unpleasant realization sweeping over him. "That night, when we went back to your place…"
"Hell yes." Dean hooks his ankles behind Cas' back and wraps both arms around his neck. "Show me what you got, big guy."
Yes we've noticed that as well. The doctor says it's common for babies to lose and regrow hair when they're very young.
Ben pouts but does as he’s told. “If you see Santa, tell him I changed my mind about the roller blades. I want hockey skates instead.”
Dean's patience is already worn thin, and Cole's criticism on top of Cas' shitty attitude is just too much to take. "Listen," he snaps. "If you're not part of this, then you don't get to sit back and pass judgment. We're all learning, and we're all making mistakes. So either pitch in and help, or keep your mouth shut."
“It is,” Dean says, frowning. “It’s also impossible that I should recover so quickly. That beast tossed me on its antlers, threw me against a tree and stomped on me. I should be dead.” He eyes Castiel, but the man is focused intently on the fire. “Why aren’t I dead?”
“Gabriel is correct,” Cas says quietly. “If I stay here as an angel, eventually my powers will fade. I will become physically ill and unable to function.” For the first time in what feels like forever, he looks at Dean, blue eyes bright and clear. “But there is another option.”
on campus, not just the jocks, and more than once, Cas has had to adjust his expectations of what it means to be friends with Dean Winchester.
Dean nods. "Yeah, this is definitely more my speed. I hate that techno crap. You can't even talk to people, it's so loud."
A pause. “That makes sense,” Cas says, his expression thoughtful. “They would want to be sure their life goals are similar. That they want the same things.”
of all things. As if Cas would ever go out with that smarmy, stuck-up twit. Dean flatly refused, causing Ketch to storm out of the library in a huff. Just as well. Cas can do way better.
“Relax, Paul Bunyan,” he says in a bored tone. “I’m not going to hurt you. I just need to talk to my brother.” He looks past Dean. “Hey, Cassiopeia. How’s it hanging?”
“No,” Castiel says firmly, putting his hand on Dean’s forehead. It’s burning hot. “I will not allow it.”
Slowly, oh so carefully, Cas nestles his head into the space between Dean's neck and shoulder, the rest of him gently pressing against Dean's side. Dean wraps an arm around him, and just like that, they're cuddling. Cas' other arm slides across Dean's chest, and Dean automatically takes Cas' hand in his, lacing their fingers together.
won’t stop crying. He hates me. I can’t do this.” His voice cracks. “I was an idiot. I was so stupid. This is never going to work. I'm behind in all my classes, I'm probably going to fail and then my mother won't pay for school anymore and I'll have to take out loans and be in debt for the rest of my life.” His face crumples and fresh tears run down his cheeks. “I don't want to do this anymore, Dean, it's too hard, I can't do it, I can't—"
When they finally get up, they discover Jack's almost out of diapers, so Dean decides to make a quick run to Target. Cas settles down on the sofa to feed Jack, utterly relaxed and at peace with the world.
"So," Dean says, breaking into his wild thoughts. "Are we cool?" He gestures at the space between them.
“Pedal, dude, pedal," he chants, moving the baby's legs around in small circles. Jack giggles. "You can do it. Work those quads! Feel the burn!”
He cups and tucks and adjusts, admiring from every angle, until he realizes that he's gotten hard. Embarrassed, he shoves all the panties back in the drawer and puts on some plain cotton boy shorts instead, face flushed and heart racing.
He breaks the connection with a harsh gasp. Magic is far more difficult without help from his brothers and sisters. Castiel can already feel exhaustion creeping in, but he can’t leave Dean alone, and he doesn’t have the strength to carry him all the way back to the human’s village.
When he reaches the end, she doesn’t say anything for a minute or two, just gazes thoughtfully across the snowy ground to where Cas is pushing Jack and Ben on swings.
Cas hasn't said a word this whole time, and Dean has a sudden crazy urge to blurt out, "It's me, I did it, it's my fault!" just to spare Cas the humiliation. But he can't. All he can do is watch helplessly as Cas straightens his shoulders, fixing John with a fiery glare.
"That's your main takeaway from what I said?" Castiel says, hoping his voice comes out steadier than his heartbeat. "You really
Dean snuggles into Cas' side, suddenly exhausted. "Wipes are in the top drawer," he says, fighting back a yawn.
like a couple,” Dean argues. “We weren’t, like, holding hands or making googly eyes at each other or some shit.”
Castiel scoops up half the books, his cheeks warming. He hasn't had much time to think about the fervent, frantic way Dean kissed him back at HQ, but the feel of Dean's skin against his brings the memory back in vivid detail.
"My family is very religious," Cas says at last. "I tried to be what they wanted for a long time. And eventually I realized that no matter what I did, I'd always disappoint them. So I stopped trying."
Dean stands up and takes a deep breath. “Five hundred and four dollars and eighty-eight cents,” he yells.
Dean pulls off with a filthy pop and grins up at him. “It’s me,” he rasps. “Just making sure everything's in working order."
He reaches out with his hands, feeling Dean’s energy humming through the air. His life force is draining fast. Blood is flowing steadily from the wound on his thigh, turning the snow darker with each passing moment. Castiel takes a deep breath. He doesn’t have much magic left, but he should be able to slow the bleeding at least. He closes his eyes and concentrates, drawing strength from the water and plants and animals around him, fingertips growing hot as the energy builds.
For two days, Dean burns with fever. On the third day, the fever breaks and Dean falls into a deep, dreamless slumber. Castiel sleeps too, exhausted down to his very bones.
Dean throws a stick into the pipe and they both listen to it clatter and echo, waiting to see if it flushes the creature out. It doesn't.
“Please.” Gabriel rolls his eyes. “The man leaves chaos behind him wherever he goes. He was strung out of his mind when he showed up at my place.”
“According to Google,” Cas says, “the average newborn weighs seven and a half pounds and is about twenty inches long. If we weigh and measure him, that might give us a better idea of how old he is.”
Dean's frown turns into a glare. "Fine," he snaps. "Have fun with your books. I'm guessing they're the only friends you have."
. Sam whistles, the VFW guys catcall, and Jo looks ready to rip Dean’s throat out. But Dean only has eyes for one person, and he’s still frozen in place, as though he hasn’t fully registered what just happened.
“He really is,” Mary says, looking fondly down at him. “He likes to act all tough and manly on the outside— I blame his dad for that— but inside he’s a big gooey marshmallow.”
"Thank you," Cas says. "That took serious guts." He gives Cesar a grateful look, and Dean feels a flash of jealousy. If only
it feels amazing. "But if you're uncomfortable, we can move to another room." He shifts sideways so he's facing Dean and starts nuzzling his neck. Dean groans again, sparks racing up and down his spine, and tilts his head further to the right, giving Cas more access. He can feel every inch of Cas pressing into him, soft lips and scratchy stubble and warm breath, a hard, hot bulge against his hip, big hands touching him everywhere.
By the time he was able to clock out, he was more than ready to go home. The house was quiet. Too quiet. Normally, he’d come home to Cas trying his hardest to get Claire to work on her take-home assignments, and keeping Jack entertained so he wouldn’t bother his sister. It was usually loud and crazy, and half the time he came home to a frenzied husband and messy house. This time, the living room was clean and empty, with no kids in sight. He was concerned for a moment, but quickly noticed the light coming from the office.
If possible, Cas seemed even more surprised at this than he was when Dean mentioned adopting Claire. “Have you?”
Cas let out a moan and couldn’t help slowing his strokes, his thighs and stomach clenching as his orgasm crested, covering Dean’s hand in a thick layer of come. Cas forced his eyes back open and continued moving, going as quickly as he could in his post-orgasm haze. He soon became grateful for having finished first because it meant he could give Dean his full attention, watching as Dean threw his head back, bit his bottom lip, and shook through his own orgasm.
Minutes passed without sight of the Continental, and before he knew it, he was no longer in his car.
His father waved the servant off, not even bothering to look up from the map that he and Metatron were pouring over. Not even their rudeness could ruin his good mood. He sauntered up to the table and leaned on it, content to wait. To his surprise—and further glee—it was a detailed map of the Winchester Kingdom.
“You don’t look half bad, Cassie. I still think we should have done the hair, but it really does match your wings. I dare say Prince Dean might like it.”
Despite the strange match, they got along better than anyone would have expected. Cas tended to keep Balthazar’s more outrageous behaviors in check, and Balthazar would drag Castiel out of the house and make sure he didn’t become a hermit. Because of this, he was the only one Cas could even dream of asking for advice.
“It got overwhelmingly good reviews, though. I think the criticisms came from a very vocal minority. Everyone I know who has read it loved it. I supposed if I did have any criticism, it would be that he wrote Adam and David with such a close relationship as a crutch. If you think about his paranormal series, it centers around a pair of brothers, and in
He could feel the heat of Dean’s stare on his back as he walked to an empty wooden table and sat, fighting the urge to hit his head on the surface repeatedly. Cas looked over his shoulder to watch as Dean untied his apron and pulled it over his head, knocking his visor so badly askew that he took that off too. He began to walk over, smiling brightly as he caught Cas’s eye and bringing the warmth of the sun with him.
Cas shook his head fondly, already falling quickly for this man. “Who knew Dean of Winchester was such a sap?”
“I’ve been sleeping in and eating an early lunch.” It was a half truth, at best. His coffee usually held him over until around 10:30 am then he’d eat his packed lunch. There was no way he’d tell her that he sometimes added a pastry to his Starbucks order.
“Hello, Mr. Novak. This is Michelle from Heartfelt Adoption Services. I’m calling to inform you that you and your spouse have been approved for adoption. It is important to start the process as soon as possible, so please give me a call.”
They watched her sink into the bed and close her eyes. At the first sight of tears, Cas went over to give her another hug. She accepted it gratefully. “Thank you.”
Castiel didn’t believe it, especially since Dean said they still tried to give him free things, and he’s been living there his entire life. “If you say so.”
“Besides, I’ve met your family. Trust me, you’re ten times better than all your brothers combined, and I’m really glad it was you.”
They parted a few moments later, both panting for breath. Cas went to bite at the juncture of Dean’s neck, forcing a gasp out of his husband and earning himself a slow grind of Dean’s hips against his. He pushed back, doubling the pressure. Already, this was better than any of the quick handjobs he’s gotten on the field from his fellow soldiers, and they were still fully clothed.
“Sure, and when the police show up to question me, I’ll just tell them that my little sister said he wasn’t going to kill someone and I decided to believe her despite the evidence.”
Day two didn’t end up any better. He was stopped on the side of the freeway, at exactly the same spot his sighting showed the day before, the red Target sign looming over him. He waited for his sighting on bated breath, eager to see through his soulmate’s eyes. Finally, at seven forty-two, it started. At this point, Dean knew this stretch of highway like the back of his hand, which was why he knew immediately that his soulmate had yet again passed him. When the minute was up and he was back in his body, he slammed his hands onto the steering wheel in frustration. Even if he gunned it into the fast-moving traffic and drove like a madman, he still wouldn’t be able to catch up. Of course, today would be the day his soulmate left five minutes early.
Cas allowed himself to be dragged through the crowd, bumping into several people and hitting them with his wings until they were at the outskirts of the great hall and able to move more freely. He followed Dean silently, trusting him to get them to a bedroom in the quickest way possible.
sperm and we divorced before Claire was born, so Michael gave up all parental rights. We need nothing from him, not even a damn signature. I would be honored to start the process.”
Cas glanced around and was surprised to see that they were the only three left in the library. He turned back to his sister and gave her a significant look. “Give me a few minutes.”
“No!” he interrupted quickly, taking a half step towards the man with his palms raised. God, it was hard to come up with a clear reply when he was met with such an intense gaze. The man was attractive, even with the glare, with full lips and a strong jawline. He was almost as tall as Dean, with broad shoulders and thick arms. “I’m not trying to scam you, I just… I’m Dean Winchester.”
“When have I ever been like other men?” he joked. “Come on, babe. You know I love Claire like she’s my own.”
known that Princess Daphne had asked for his hand. Thank God she never figured out who he was. “Really?”
He nodded and watched Dean rush over to Charlie’s station and throw himself into her chair. Cas turned away from them and began getting the next costume ready, puzzling over Dean’s weird behavior.
Cas sighed in defeat and looked at his watch. Dean knew he was calculating his bike ride and however long it took him to lock up and walk to the classroom. “Fine. I’m giving you twenty minutes.”
She let out a sigh and went back to the table to finish her waffle. “Ok, but I don’t want Jack to come. He doesn’t leave the dolls alone and last time he spilled all the tea.”
Cas dropped the books and grabbed Dean's shoulders. With a single push, Dean stumbled into the shelf and Cas followed after him, uncaring that there was an uneven wall of books and dividers pressing into Dean’s back. He spared a moment to take in Dean’s flushed face and parted lips before diving in. Dean groaned into his mouth and pushed back, chest and hips connected in a burning line along their bodies. Their tongues tangled, pushing and rubbing… It was far too aggressive for a first kiss, but there was lightning in Cas’s veins and he could do nothing but kiss him even rougher, push him into the shelves even harder.
This was better than he could have imagined. “I was under the impression I was to return to the palace as soon as possible.”
Cas leaned back in his seat, content to watch both of them with a smile. Cas had often remarked that Dean could get along with anyone, and it was something that he always envied. Now, it seemed, Dean was turning his talent to bonding with the young woman.
Castiel’s cheeks reddened, and he turned to the priest in shame, aware that his betrothed’s eyes were still on him. No doubt his fiancé was already planning an exit. But as the priest began to speak, Prince Dean turned to face the man and remained in place. A few moments later when they hit their cue, they grasped each other's hands and knelt before the altar. The space was too small for someone of his wingspan, forcing him to drape his wings behind Prince Dean, blocking him from the view of half the audience.
Cas froze once his finger was pushed all the way in and waited a few moments for Dean to stop his rhythmic clenching, but god, it felt so good he didn’t want to stop. Every time he clamped down hard on Cas’s finger, it rubbed against his walls, sending sparks of electricity up his spine and spurring him on.
He continued, pulling his fondest memories. “Uh, you hated your high school calculus teacher and thought he was an idiot. You made all your notes on post-it's in college because you hated the idea of writing or highlighting in textbooks, even if you owned them. You constantly drum against the steering wheel even though you don’t listen to music or anything. Is that a nervous twitch, or something? And I’ve always wanted to know why you never listen to the radio...”
“I don’t know how much I can say. It’s only one book, after all, but Winchester tends to write characters who are stubborn and independent. If that holds true, Adam is going to need more than an apology to forgive David. That’s just my opinion, though.”
“Oh, shit…” he reached out uselessly, unsure if Cas wanted comfort or not. Dean settled with a gentle hand on his neck, thumb sweeping gently across his skin. “You ok, babe?”
, Adam and David are as close as brothers. He’s writing what he’s comfortable with, and I for one would love to see what he can do with only one main character, or even a female protagonist.”
Their cocks rubbed against each other, giving them the friction they both needed to ratchet their arousal even higher.
They held her for a long time as she cried, dumping all of her stress and sadness onto them, and they took it willingly.
He stuck out his bottom lip in a pout. “Come on. I need your help. How else am I going to wash my back?”
“That’s very sweet of you, but we don’t know how long it’s going to take. We could hear from someone tomorrow, or it could take a few months. A mommy has to choose us.”
he dressed at all, but the clothes themselves. It could have been the snug vest he pulled over his white button-down shirt that always showcased his tapered waist. God, just seeing him button it up made Dean want to run his fingers over the fabric, pressing into the muscle beneath. The blue tie he pulled taut around his neck didn’t help either. Or it could be those damn argyle socks he insisted on wearing even though no one would see them under his slacks. It just screamed sexy librarian, and Cas’s students agreed. Dean’s seen his Rate My Professors score and that damn chili the students always gave him.
Dean rolled his eyes and started clicking away on his phone. “Look, it says right here that you can fly with a broken bone as long as you didn’t break it the day of. All you have to do is wait twenty-four hours and they’ll let you on the plane. This is dumb.”
“Thank you, Deedee.” She grumbled. With a dramatic sigh, she took the plate and went to the dining table. “Can we have oatmeal for dinner tomorrow?”
As his car inched forward, he thought of the many things he was hoping to accomplish with this trip. First and foremost, he didn’t want to look like such an idiot in front of the attractive barista. Second, he was going to do a better job of engaging in small talk. Last, he was desperate to get the man’s name so he no longer had to refer to him as ‘attractive barista’ in his mind.
“Yeah, with Jack’s help. It took me two days to just find the right barn. Do you know how many abandoned barns there are in Nebraska?” Dean asked, pulling two beers from a bucket sitting underneath the table. He handed one to Cas and continued saying, “Once I found the place, it took three days just to clean all the boxes and old farming equipment up. We spent the last two days painting, redoing the roof, and getting everything in here set up. Jack’s new powers really come in handy. I told him what time I was bringing you here, and he made sure to have the food here on time. I’ll have to make sure the next time he comes to visit, we’ve got plenty of that sugary cereal he likes.”
Dean was so distracted trying to stave off his own orgasm that he hadn’t realized Cas had pulled away until he was suddenly on his back. He looked up in shock to see Cas straddling his hips reaching behind himself to guide Dean’s cock to his slick entrance. In one swift movement, Cas’ hole engulfed Dean’s cock entirely, his ass resting against Dean’s pelvis.
They made love so often that Dean didn’t even flinch at the intrusion. Cas quickly added a second finger, enjoying the feeling of Dean’s muscles clamping around him. He spread them, stretching Dean’s channel further.
Cas walked into the bathroom. Normally he would use his grace to keep his hygiene up, but he needed to conserve his failing grace as much as possible. For the first time in his existence, Cas brushed his teeth and shaved his incoming facial hair. He only nicked his face three times and felt irritation at the small cuts. He wanted to heal them, but they weren’t worth his grace.
Balthazar was on time, for once, leaning against the counter and giving Missouri a winning smile as she bagged his muffin.
They started up again, Cas climbing the step and supporting most of his weight as Dean hopped up. “Are you?”
The lifeguard looked back and forth between Dean and his brother, and then finally to his foot. With pinched eyebrows, the man knelt to examine his swollen toe, now almost twice the size that it was normally. “My name is Castiel, can you tell me what happened?”
“I know for a fact it’s not Charlie. Besides, you don’t look like a Charlie,” Cas replied, pulling a green card out of his center console and handing it to the man.
He squinted at her, not understanding the meaning behind her raised eyebrows. There was some sort of significance to her stare, but Cas had always been bad at deciphering expressions. “What do you mean, ‘all Dean?’”
When he woke up the next morning, it was to his brother throwing open the heavy brocade curtains and letting the early morning light into his large room. He slept surprisingly well considering the stress of the day before him, and he chalked it up to his many years of being able to sleep practically anywhere. Balthazar immediately went to his chests and began pulling clothes out, seemingly at random, making as much noise as possible.
In retaliation, Sam shoved his hand into the bucket, loudly declaring that the water was cooling and that they needed to get Dean home.
out, he told himself. If he didn’t make a big deal about it, maybe Cas wouldn’t either. “Have you ever thought about adopting a kid?”
“I feel horrible for taking all of this,” he mumbled, finally out of the market and heading for the training grounds.
This morning, the queue was longer than normal, but as long as he wasn’t stuck in the drive-thru for ten minutes, he’d be fine.
Dean shivered at the sound of his command and complied, shifting his legs apart until Cas could fit between them. The hands that had been resting on his ass gripped both cheeks and pulled them apart. He stood there, breath held, as Cas looked at him. It went on for what felt like hours, and by the time Cas released his cheeks and stepped away, he was flushed and panting from a mixture of embarrassment and arousal.
He groaned and cursed, surprised that the pain was getting worse. His entire calf was being stabbed with needles, and glancing at his toe, he could see it had become a little puffy. He needed to get to his towel so he could grab a cold water bottle for his toe. Dean didn’t know if it would work, but he had to do
If someone had told Cas six years ago that he was going to be a happily married man with two kids, he would have laughed. Back then, Cas was too busy trying to navigate Claire turning one and still reeling over being left by Michael to even consider getting married again, let alone add a second child to the downhill slide that was his life at the time.
“Dean,” Cas rumbled, “stop beating yourself up. It was an honest mistake, and I understand why you did it. You can still have the experience of working on your car with Jack, but you have to wait a while longer. You just get to have that with Claire first. There’s no law stating you can only teach one child how to work on the car. You can have your cake and eat it too, you know.”
Dean sat up, leaving Cas to bury his face in the throw pillow. He felt pretty alright considering how much they drank last night. His stomach was only a little queasy and his head was only slightly spinning, thank God. Although if Claire kept yelling, he wouldn’t be fine for much longer. He took a second to stretch the kink out of his back and wipe the drool off his cheek. “Uh, no. You know Santa only comes when you’re asleep.”
“Is this what I have to look forward to marrying to an angel?” he captured Cas’s lips in a soft kiss. “This just keeps getting better and better.”
The more he talked, the worse Dean felt. Before his mom died, he used to stay up until three in the morning some nights, but after… he had to get the job to support his family, and left the life of late-night videogames and sleepovers behind. He hadn’t stayed up past midnight for years. “I swear to you, I’m not lying.”
By the fifth day of his new Starbucks habit, he was beginning to feel guilty for not supporting his usual doughnut shop, so he set his alarm fifteen minutes early and pulled into the parking lot of Missi’s Doughnuts. Castiel had been going to Missouri’s shop since he was a kid waddling in after his mom. Back in the day, she used to sneak him doughnut holes that he would chipmunk in his cheeks and wait until his mom was distracted before swallowing them almost whole. Still to this day, more than twenty years later, she stashes a few doughnut holes in the bag for him.
decided he was a murderer.” She leaned in and linked her arm through his. “Look at that ass. That’s not the ass of a murderer.”
Dean’s eyes widened. “So he is real? I fuckin knew it. I’ve heard about his fighting style, but no one can tell me much else. We’ve heard some crazy stories about him. A few years ago he flew in to save an entire village single-handedly, picking off the demons like it was nothing and leaving just as quick. No one would have believed it if he hadn’t left a few feathers behind, which is how we know his wings are naturally dark. One time he escorted a princess to her kingdom and she asked her father if she could marry him! How crazy is that?”
“That’s fine!” he replied quickly, fastening his belt around his waist with fumbling hands. “I can make the reservation for seven-thirty.”
“No. I prefer my partners a little more…” Dean trailed off, eyes caressing over Cas’s body and sending a surge of heat through him. “A little more like you.”
The handsome man walked in with his lips pulled up in a grin, finger guns at the ready, handing out cheek kisses and fist bumps to his fellow character actors. Then, those green eyes landed on Cas.
“And that wink is bound to get you in trouble.” In the back of his mind, he knew he was verging on flirting territory, but for once, he didn’t care. “You’re so good at it that when I first saw you I had you pegged as an asshole. Now, I know you just don’t know when to turn it off.”
Inside the cover of the pantry, he pumped his fist in celebration and grabbed the Solera. “I told you you’d like it.”
“—ditch me for a whole month, then you have another thing coming. You better beg for forgiveness, because—"
Anna rolled her eyes and turned her back on him in favor of fiddling with their rack of complimentary bookmarks.  He rolled his eyes right back before leaving the safety of the front desk. It really was a shame that the attractive man was most likely a murderer. If Cas wasn’t so convinced, he’d attempt to ask him out. As it was, he didn’t want to be the amateur murderer’s first victim.
“So you’re getting coffee at Missouri's and Starbucks? I shouldn’t have to tell you that overconsumption of caffeine—”
The dig had its desired effect, and he could tell by the fire in her eyes that the subject was dropped for now. “You’re not my boss.”
His soulmate's lips parted and his eyes darted away, almost like he forgot how breakfast with his siblings used to go. “Oh.”
After a few minutes, he cleared his throat. “Remember when I said I wanted to talk to you about something?”
“You son of a…” he took a step closer to Cas and poked him in the chest. “I might not have been in the military, but I could probably beat you in hand-to-hand.”
Cas hadn’t known it was possible, but without his customer service façade, he was even more attractive. It was his carefree attitude as he interacted with his coworkers, he realized. When Cas was at the office it was all business. He never talked with his coworkers like that, and they
It was the closest thing Bal had ever said to a compliment, and his traitorous heart fluttered. “I appreciate all of this. I know we have never been close, but it means a lot that you’re here.”
Children and their mothers flocked to his side to receive his flirtations and slightly sexist one-liners. He pressed fake kisses into the knuckles of little girls, encouraged young women to hang off of his muscles for pictures, and made it very clear he was on the hunt for a wife. In essence, he was the perfect Gaston.
?” He pointed at the man’s back, a flush of embarrassment already creeping up his neck. “Maybe it’s his first murder and he hasn’t quite gotten the hang of things...”
Finally, he picked up the pace and Cas almost lost it when Dean's lips tightened around his cock, finally giving him the pressure he needed. Dean’s hips shifted against the bed, shallowly thrusting against the mattress as his body finally began to respond to the arousal flowing through his veins. Cas’s hands made their way to Dean’s messy hair and ran through his soft locks until he was able to cup the base of his skull. He didn’t push Dean further down or even thrust up into his sinful mouth, he just ran his thumb over the sensitive skin behind his ear and murmured encouragements.
“But I just got a job in San Jose, and I’m going to start next month. I’m actually beginning the apartment hunt tomorrow.”
Zachariah gaped like a fish, torn between outrage and embarrassment. Metatron, equally terrified, fled from the room. Balthazar watched him go with the same fascination he reserved for the theatre. “W-who?” his father stammered, face red and eyes wide.
know that he could do better for his kingdom than marrying Castiel. But suddenly, the priest was looking at him and he knew it was time foy him to say “I do,” binding them in this life.
, but he couldn’t see Cas’s dark hair over the top of the crowd and it was making him nervous. They hadn’t been apart for nearly three weeks, and the one time they were separated, Cas got mobbed by people eager to meet the prince’s new husband. They pushed their way through the crowd, blind to everything but reaching Cas, and when he finally made his way to the middle, it was to find Cas standing tall and dignified, flanked by his two guards and Cain, their Master Swordsman. He was the picture-perfect prince except for his flushed face, which was so red that Dean was sure Cas was about to die of embarrassment. It was only then that he heard what they were saying.
He scrolled through his photos and turned it to face Castiel. The man nodded and made impressed noises, earning him even more points. “She’s beautiful. You clearly care for her.”
Conscious of the ticking clock, he kept one hand on his own dick and used the other to guide Cas’s tip into his waiting mouth. He groaned at the taste. So clean and fresh from his morning shower, but still a little salty from the precome and the overwhelming musk of
“So, this is kind of weird… I’m not used to seeing you in clothes.” Dean froze, wide-eyed and embarrassed as what he said clicked. “Shit! I mean, it’s weird to see you in normal clothes! You know—you’re always in your uniform, and—” His mouth clicked shut and he cleared his throat. “You look good.”
Cas watched them go back and forth with a smile on his face. He’d heard about Charlie, Dean’s best friend and their Master of Archery, and knew from what Dean had told him about her that they might be at it for a long time. His attention was drawn to the clanging of swords, and he watched them move in familiar patterns. The more he watched, the more he missed the weight of a sword and the feel of a leather-bound hilt in his palm. He wished he had his sword, but it was still packed away with the rest of his armor, gathering dust.
From its place on the coffee table, Cas’s phone started ringing. He waited a moment, hoping that Cas would hear it and come in on his own, but after the third ring, Cas was nowhere in sight. With a sigh, Dean put the last sheet of noodles on top of the ricotta and cheese mixture, dried his hands, and went to get it himself. “Phone’s ringing, babe! I’ll get it!”
Cas started thrusting slowly, pulling out and pushing back in with a fluid roll of his hips. He couldn’t count how many times Cas’s hips met his ass before he began to pick up his pace, and soon he was pounding into him, balls slapping against Dean’s taint. Through the buzzing in his ears, he could hear himself making truly embarrassing noises: punched-out groans and high-pitched mewls every time the head of Cas’s cock brushed over his prostate. He was sweaty and barely able to suck in a breath as his husband worked him over, thrusting and grinding, tugging at his hair that Dean didn’t even realize Cas had grabbed.
His thumb was tapping impatiently against the steering wheel as his car inched forward before coming to
Dean ducked his head to cover up his flushed cheeks. “I was so nervous I don’t even know what I said.”
“Want to do a road trip next year? Maybe by then we can convince Sam to take the kids for a week. Hell, maybe my mom would do it.”
“Come back to bed.” He murmured, going as far as pulling the warm blankets back and giving his hips what he hoped was an inviting wiggle.
It was the sound of a metal chair scraping across the wooden floor that alerted him to Dean’s presence. He sat in the chair stiffly, face red and eyes going anywhere but Cas.
A little self consciously, he stripped out of his t-shirt and unwrapped the baby from his swaddle. The baby jerked at the movement, and Dran drew back, just as startled.
He watched as the boys sparred under the supervision of an older man with salt and pepper hair and sharp eyes. Despite their size, they were doing quite well. Their form was shaky, and a few of them struggled to swing the heavy swords, but he could tell they would be fine soldiers in a few years. It was just as he moved towards the older boys practicing with pikes that he heard a sword clang to the ground on the other side of the training arena. He turned to see a cavalry rider staring at him in utter disbelief.
"Dean called me while he was in the ambulance," Charlie explains, giving him a hug. "I was at Einstein's Bagels studying so I was like two minutes away."
“Ain’t nobody who deserves it more,” Bobby says gruffly. “Buy yourself something nice for once, princess. And if you ever mention this again, I’ll deck you.”
need to come for Christmas now. Mom’s got all our old baby stuff in storage. We can hook you up with clothes and a crib and everything.”
Cas leans back and considers him, tilting his head like he's examining fucking hieroglyphics or something. "I really like your cock," he murmurs, wrapping his fingers around it, and Dean chokes back a whine. "It's so long and thick and it feels so nice in my hand." His lips curve up in a wicked smile. "I bet it'll feel nice in my mouth, too."
“Good question.” Gabriel crumples the lollipop wrapper and tosses it on the floor. “Guess I just like the ambiance.”
the one who's only thinking about himself?" Cole sneers. "If anyone's being selfish here, it's you, Winchester. You fucking
Dean reaches up and takes Castiel’s face in both hands. “Don’t leave me again,” he says. “I can live with you or you can live with me, but promise me that we’ll stay together, no matter what.”
from everyone after this, but the sheer relief and stunned gratitude in Cas’ eyes when he realizes that Dean is coming to his rescue is worth every ounce of humiliation.
Dean rolls his eyes, but he's grinning. "You are such a weirdo. I'll set up an account for you later." He pats Cas' shoulder. "Let's get you and Jack settled in."
Cas shakes his head. "Not much, really. As I said, I'm not feeding on their souls directly. Just the energy. If I drink a lot of it, people usually feel very tired and emotionally drained, like you described. But the effect is only temporary. And I usually don't take that much."
Cole flips him off as he leaves the room. Jack stirs and Dean tenses up, half-expecting another bout of crying to start. He breathes a sigh of relief as the baby settles down and goes back to sleep.
Castiel feels the scream before he hears it. A red hot burning sensation spreads along his limbs, darkening his vision, and he gasps as he recognizes the source.
Rolling his eyes, Dean dials his own number and lifts the phone to his ear, hoping against hope that his hunch is right.
Without conscious thought, Dean lifts his hand and presses it against Castiel’s cheek, rough with stubble. Castiel’s eyes flutter closed and he leans into the touch, humming softly. Dean’s throat feels tight. Memories are flooding his senses— soft silky feathers, gentle nibbles on his ear, squawks and trills and chirps.
Cas ignores him and keeps sucking. Dean's only able to hold back for another few seconds, and then his orgasm hits, powerful waves rolling through his body over and over. Dimly he hears Cas make a muffled coughing sound, and his eyes fly open. Cas is gagging slightly on his cock, face red and eyes watering.
“I wouldn’t go that far.” Gabriel shrugs. “I think he just got sick of Zachariah’s whining and told him to shove it up his—” He stops abruptly, glancing at Jack and Ben. “Up, uh, the chimney.” He crams the last bit of peppermint bark into his mouth and wipes his hands on his shirt. “Anyhoo. You’re free and clear, as far as the Head Honcho is concerned. You can go back anytime.”
“It’s short for Castiel,” Cas explains. He’s gotten used to weird reactions to his name by now. “The Angel of Thursday.”
"Oh." Cas opens the envelope and takes out the card. It takes a few seconds for the message to sink in. Then his big blue eyes get even bigger. "What…?"
"Which you said was unfit for children or decent human beings." Gabe smirks. "Face it, Cassie-poo. You're the best choice."
He sniffs the air, sifting through layers of city smells— burning exhaust fumes, frying meat from the restaurant next door, rotting garbage, traces of piss and vomit.
White hot rage clouds Dean's vision, and he stands up so fast that he knocks over the magazines stacked on the coffee table. "Apologize," he snarls. "Right the fuck now."
Dean pretends to consider. "Fine," he says. "But only if you help me on my next hunt." He winks. "And give me another spanking."
Dean stares up at the sky, but there's too much smog and cloud cover to see anything. He's so distracted that he forgets about the little old lady demon, who sees her opening and seizes it. She grabs Dean and slams him up against the brick wall, knocking the breath out of his lungs.
freaking bizarre) is walking across the tarmac in his hunting gear next to Sam. He looks basically okay, although he is limping a little bit. Dean pushes down the flash of concern that suddenly flares in his chest and marches over to them.
Castiel starts to scissor his fingers, working that sweet ass open, his cock leaking steadily against his stomach. He pulls his fingers out and thrusts back in, and Dean lets out a startled yelp when the heel of Castiel's hand smacks against his sore cheeks.
"Sorry." Dean sets the box down and starts picking at his fingernails instead. Castiel can't decide if that's better or worse. "Uh, it was about the size of a human, maybe a little taller. Two legs, glowy green eyes, big horn in the center of its forehead. And an
For a long moment he and Dean just stare at each other, breathing hard, and then Cas rolls his hips and Dean is fucking
Dean absolutely loves the frat house and takes pride in maintaining it, as well as fostering a sense of community within its walls. He constantly reminds his roommates to pick up after themselves (“for the last time, Ash, get your circuit boards off the table! We’re not a goddamn makerspace!”) He cooks for the whole frat three nights a week, big batches of hearty food filled with protein and carbs, and he’s forever picking up dirty dishes, wiping down surfaces, sweeping floors, and taking out the trash, grumbling all the while. He invites people over for study groups, game nights, watch parties, or just drinking and socializing. Dean seems to know
Cas considers. "If it's not inconvenient for you," he says, sounding hesitant, "then, yes. I could use some support."
"No," he hears himself say. "I think I'm going to take your advice. I want to do something that makes me happy."
They’re not dating. Cas has to remind himself of this several times. They’re just hanging out, like friends do. Only, Dean never invites anyone else to come with them. He always drives, he always opens Cas’ door for him, and if they do something that costs money, he always pays. It’s not exactly the sort of thing he would do with a friend. Cas has seen how Dean treats his other friends— greeting them with fist bumps or back slaps, insulting their intelligence, groaning about how they’re ungrateful bastards who never give him a moment’s peace.
Things are going really well. Dean loves spending time with Cas, even if all they do is dumb stuff like play on the swings at the park. Dean quickly realizes that there’s very little he won't do to make his friend smile. He’s always been a ham, but he goes to extremes where Cas is concerned. Cas rarely laughs, so every one of his snorts or giggles is a gift, and Dean's getting seriously addicted. Sure, he hasn't actually made a move yet, and Charlie keeps rolling her eyes every time she gets an update, but they’re having so much fun that Dean’s hesitant to push further. It’s okay. He's got time. And Cas seems happier, which is the most important thing anyway.
They all turn to see John Winchester storming towards their little group, face dark with rage. Fear curls in Dean's stomach and floods his limbs with adrenaline. His father is going to chew him out in front of the entire squad.
In his swing, Jack starts to whimper. Cas lets out a frustrated sigh. "Go back to sleep," he mutters. "Please,
“I kept watch over you,” Castiel continues. “I kept you safe whenever I could. But eventually Odin caught me, and I was punished.”
Slowly, numbly, as if he's moving through water, Cas lifts the phone to his ear and begins speaking to the 911 dispatcher.
, but he’s just a dude. That I know. Shut up,” he adds, because Charlie is shaking with silent laughter. “It’s not like that, okay?”
Furious, Cas opens his mouth to scold his brother, but Dean just laughs. "Thanks, but I'll pass. Only Cas gets to see the good stuff from now on."
“That explains a lot.” Dean snorts. “He’s like, tiny. And you’re—” He gestures at Cas, then clears his throat. “Not.”
“Hey!” Dean yells, and the thing on the roof freezes instantly. “Listen, buddy! I don’t know who the hell you are or what the hell you’re doing, but you got exactly three seconds to get off my roof before I call the cops!”
Castiel just grins at him and steps through the jagged opening. Dean follows, wondering how he's gotten himself into this mess.
Dean is standing by the sink, face pale. There's a plaid kitchen towel wrapped around his left hand that's absolutely
“Told ya.” Dean slaps his shoulder and turns his attention to the television. “We got about an hour left in the game, and then we’ll do something else, okay? I know football ain’t exactly your thing.”
“Who’s a cutie-pie? Is it you?” Jack blows a spit bubble. Dean grins.  “Yeah, it’s you. I’m totally gonna ignore how you made me carry you around the house for two hours last night. Save that for Dad next time, okay?”
Dean scrambles to obey, his cock bobbing almost comically as he straddles Castiel's hips. He looks absolutely
“Fine.” He sighs again and heaves himself to his feet. “Hey, before I forget, have you thought any more about Christmas?”
those enormous, bat-like wings pop into existence, spreading out from Cas' shoulders like two ragged black sails.
So...angels are real. And apparently they are not fat babies with fluffy wings. They’re, like, actual warriors of God. Soldiers. And Cas is one of them.
Cas opens his mouth to argue, but Dean’s already moving away to do the dishes, so he grudgingly goes back to his burger and sweet potato fries.
"Only thing I need to know is how to kill 'em," he mutters, aiming his flashlight at the ground so if the wolf
“I like you, Cas,” Dean announces, reaching over and slapping Cas’ knee, making him wince. “You’re so
“You still could have given me a little more detail,” Missouri snaps. “You damn near gave me a heart attack with that text.” She turns back to Cas with a sigh. “And you got no family?”
"I'm just saying." Cole shrugs slightly. "When's the last time he got out of the house? Like, for something other than class."
Everything goes quiet. The flashlight has stopped spinning and is now pointing at a blank section of curved cement wall. The only sound is Dean's ragged breathing.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Eat some cereal, okay? Or Eggos. I ain’t paying for dentures until you’re at least ten.”
Dean whines and starts rocking faster, eyes closed, muscles flexing as he moves. He's biting his lip, looking down at himself, watching Castiel's cock slide in and out of his body. Castiel watches it too, every part of him wound tight like a clockspring, pleasure rising to a crescendo.
Sam seems to have realized Dean’s in no mood for teasing, because he doesn’t make any jokes or snarky comments. He just puts his arm around Eileen and grins at both of them. And that’s how the evening ends, with Dean sitting across from his brother, cozied up with the hottest guy in the room.
All right. Two can play at this game. Careful to keep his eyes on the screen, Dean lets his own hand wander lower, off Cas' shoulder and towards his chest. He trails his fingers over the soft, worn fabric of Cas' t-shirt, tracing his pectoral muscle, until he finds the firm bud of his nipple. Then he takes it between thumb and forefinger and pinches gently. He's rewarded with a soft gasp and an involuntary buck of Cas' hips, which makes him smirk.
Cas records several videos of Jack laughing, then hands the phone back to Dean. A minute later he starts getting Discord notifications.
Cas just hums and swallows him down again, deeper this time, until Dean feels the tip of his cock brush the back of Cas' throat. Oh fuck, he's getting deepthroated. Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck—
being picked up and carried by a big strong man. He wriggles happily in Cas' arms and lets out a delighted gasp when Cas tosses him onto the bed effortlessly.
“Luke,” Dean repeats. “Your brother Luke? The dude who got busted for possession a couple years ago?”
It's just as clean as the bedroom, with only a few framed photos on the walls, mostly of Dean and Sam, his younger brother. Castiel hasn't officially met Sam, but he's seen him in the halls occasionally, a giant of a man who wears silken scarves and keeps his long hair pulled back in a half-ponytail. He sincerely hopes he won't have to interact with any of Dean's family or coworkers before he and Dean manage to break the curse. His people skills are rusty, even with people he knows well.
He sits up, grimacing at the feel of thin, scratchy fabric against his skin. Definitely not his sheets.
“I’ll come see it in a few minutes,” Castiel promises. “I’m helping your father with something right now.”
“Heya Cas!” Dean Winchester saunters up to the front desk, cocky smile and bowlegged swagger on full display. "How's it going down in Musty Town?" He laughs at his pathetic excuse for a joke.
Gabe chokes on his root beer. Cas looks down at his lap, grinning in spite of his embarrassment, while Sam cackles with triumphant laughter.
"I don't give a rat's ass about Lucifer," Cas says. A misshapen silver blade suddenly appears in his hand, and quick as a flash, he stabs the demon in the chest. The old woman's eyes and mouth fill with red light, and he lets out a furious howl as she dies, her body hitting the ground like a sack of cement.
"Cas," Dean mumbles, still awed by how deep and sexy his voice sounds. "You've been holding out on me, buddy."
His rescuer smiles slightly. “Actually, we have,” he says. “But I wouldn’t expect you to remember. You were only a boy then.”
And then Cas is there. He comes out the front door with Jack in his arms, looking shaken but basically okay. Dean finally breaks free from the arms holding him back, rushes up the porch steps, and wraps them both in a tight embrace. All three of them are sobbing hysterically but Dean doesn't give a shit who's watching, because his boyfriend and his baby are safe, his family is safe, and nothing else in the world matters.
Castiel staggers sideways and lets out a cry of pain, then collapses on the kitchen floor, clutching his head in both hands.
“I was talking with the guys last night,” Dean says as Cas wanders around looking at everything, “and we all agreed that you can’t really take care of a baby in a dinky little dorm room. Nobody’s using this room, so…” He shrugs like it’s no big deal, like he hasn’t spent the entire day making a space for Cas in his own home. “You and Jack can stay here as long as you need to. Everybody’s gonna pitch in. It'll be our community service project for the semester.” He grins. “You should see how excited the guys are, it’s ridiculous.”
“Oh.” Cas looks down at himself, then glances at Dean. “Yes, I suppose I do.” And then, oh sweet Lord, he smiles, a soft, almost shy thing that makes Dean literally go weak in the knees. Jesus. He has
underwear; it only makes sense for him to wear Dean's, right? Castiel's not sure what the etiquette is here, but he has to admit that he's sort of desperate to see what Dean looks like in lingerie.
Gabe has already snatched the envelope out of Mary’s hands. “Awww, look at little baby Dean-o!” he crows, flipping through the Polaroids like they’re a deck of cards. “Man, you were a
"Hi sweetie," Cas says, sounding dazed, like he always does when he suddenly gets pulled out of deep concentration. He blinks up at Dean, who's grinning at them from the doorway. "What are you doing here?"
Gingerly, Cas lowers himself to the couch and takes the plate. He stares down at the slice, wondering how one goes about eating such a monstrosity. He finally bites off the pointed end and chews it for a while.
Castiel can hardly move. Not just because of fear, but because all the equipment he's wearing weighs approximately two metric tons. How does Dean manage to walk around like this?
"Sorry to disappoint you," Castiel says, pinching his nose between thumb and forefinger, "but that is not, in fact, why I'm calling. I need De— Castiel for something. Could you put him on the phone, please?"
"I know." Dean glances up at him. His green eyes look especially beautiful in the morning light. "What about you? Are you gonna go back?"
Castiel wastes no time. As soon as the beautiful boy gets up and leaves, he quickly settles his tab with Manuel and slips out the back door, into the alley where his motorcycle is parked. He throws a leg over the seat and starts her up, praying that his quarry hasn't gone too far.
Logically, he knows that just because Dean likes wearing women's lingerie doesn't mean he likes men, much less Cas specifically. But when he recalls the comment Dean made about "figuring stuff out," he can't help wondering if this is part of it. The look on Dean's face, that mixture of panic and shame, made Cas want to run over and hug him. He hopes that he did a good enough job convincing Dean that it's not weird.
He lunges forward. Cas plants his feet and raises his fists, just like Dean showed him, ready to throw a punch if he needs to.
The smirk turns into a full-blown, shit-eating grin. “Deanie and Cassie, sitting in a tree,” Sam sings under his breath. “K-I-S-S-I—”
) Dean manages to get the boys bundled up and out the door before ten o’clock. He owes a lot of that to Cas, honestly. It’s nice having an extra pair of hands to carry stuff, open doors, help the kids zip their coats and tie their shoes. Really nice. Cas is super patient and the boys actually
“Oh!” Gabriel snaps his fingers. Dean flinches, but apparently it’s just a regular snap this time, not the kind that turns them all into flamingos or some shit. “That reminds me.” Gabriel points at Cas. “Word on the heavenly street is that the Big Guy got wind of your rebellious ways, and he actually thinks you did the right thing. So he told Zachariah to let you off the hook.”
Dean grins. "Nah," he says. "I don't think it's just my soul you want, Cas. I think you like me, too. Just a little."
“So… those tattoos,” Dean says, mainly to distract himself from a vision of Cas rolling out pie crust, because that’s venturing into pornographic territory and he’d really rather not go there while his kids are in the room. “Pretty awesome. Where’d you get ’em done?”
“That’s right!” Charlie cries. “Get out your pocketbooks, ladies and gentlemen, because this year, we’re auctioning off dates with Lawrence’s most eligible bachelors. Starting with the one and only Mr. Bobby Singer! Get on up here, Bobby!”
Cas just rolls his eyes and continues bouncing Jack. Dean watches for a while, contentment seeping through him. This is what he's meant to do, he thinks. Nothing else in the world feels so right as taking care of this tiny baby. And the fact that he gets to do it with Cas? Even more awesome.
“This my niece, Mary Ellen Winchester. Product of these two dorks, my brother Sam and my sister-in-law Eileen.”
panties. He'd been jerking off while wearing them, Cas is sure of it, and the idea that he walked in on Dean just moments after orgasm sends hot shivers through his body. He's always thought Dean was handsome, but handsome doesn't even
"Is that why you left?" Dean asks, and Cas nods slowly. He's still staring down at the half-melted blade as if it holds the answer to everything.
When the train pulls into L.A. at  a quarter to midnight, Dean's made up his mind. He needs to hunt, and he needs to find Cas. Maybe there's a way to do both.
when he asks them to do something, which is a minor miracle. It’s probably because Cas is still new— God knows they don’t behave nearly this well for Sam or Eileen or the grandparents— but Dean’s gonna take what he can get.
Dean ends up not going into work. Jody wants him there as a witness when she questions Castiel, and he’s so tired from last night’s escapades that it just makes more sense to stay home, especially since the boys are off school, anyway. This way he can give Patience a break from babysitting, plus clean the house, which is a complete disaster after all the baking and decorating yesterday.
Dean can't help but smile at that. And because there is literally no one else around to hear, he says what he's really thinking. "You're so fucking cute."
There’s a chorus of catcalls and jeers as Bobby trudges up on stage, his face beet red under his baseball cap. Ellen’s laughing harder than anyone, but once the bidding starts, she edges out both Sue from the post office and Liz from the library without even breaking a sweat. The other women accept defeat graciously, and Ellen marches up to claim her prize by planting a big smacking kiss on Bobby’s cheek, which has both Sam and Dean howling. Now they know why Bobby agreed to this in the first place.
Dean nods, and Castiel goes back to fingering him. He fits three fingers in, then four, and thrusts them in and out of Dean's hole until he's letting out a nonstop stream of squeals and whines and shocked little gasps that go straight to Castiel's dick. Finally he eases his fingers out and Dean makes an unhappy sound, his asshole clenching on empty air.
“Mmm-hmm.” Cas snuggles impossibly closer, winding his legs around Dean’s. “You’re a very good cuddler.”
“Single parents need help, too,” she says. “Nobody can do this alone. As Jack's doctor, I am recommending you take full advantage of this guy.” She points at Dean. “Remember, you’re a team. You’re both going to make mistakes, and that’s okay. You just need to have each other’s backs. And make sure you make time for each other, too. Nothing puts strain on a relationship like a new baby.”
"Well," Dean says slowly, almost cautiously, like he's afraid Cas will startle and bolt like a frightened animal. "If we win, I assume that means you'll get custody of Jack. Permanent custody, I mean."
"Jack," Victor declares a week after Jesse's article comes out, "you are the best wingman ever. We got chicks lining up around the block because of you."
“And just because you were a star athlete in college doesn’t mean Jack will be.” Cas plops down on the couch.
For some reason, his asshole roommate Cole is also here, and it takes a few minutes before Dean understands why. Once Cas explains what Cole did for them, Dean chokes up and pulls the guy into a hug. It's awkward as hell, and Cole makes Dean promise he'll never do it again. He slinks away right after the cops leave, presumably to "wash off the gay germs," according to Cas. Dean almost busts a gut laughing.
to identify the things that attack you. Because, forgive me, your descriptions usually leave a lot to be desired."
Castiel finds his voice. “In my home. I was nearby when the moose attacked you. I heard you scream.”
Dean glances around guiltily, then hooks a thumb into his underwear, pulls it away from his waist, and peeks inside.
“Yeah, but have you ever done anything crazy? Like, what’s something you’ve been wanting to do, but haven't because it was too scary or whatever?”
“Yep, he’s our dad!” Jack says. “He fixes cars and he makes really good macaroni and cheese and reads us stories.”
Jack and Ben thunder back downstairs. “Here you go!” Ben says, beaming. “You can have my Iron Man pillow, he’ll keep you safe. But I want it back later.”
“Will you let me pick you up?” he asks. The raven chirps again and hops closer still. “I’ll be really gentle. Don’t get scared, okay?”
big, but still. It’s not the kid’s fault his dad’s a fucknugget.” He looks down at the squirming bundle. “Ain’t that right, buddy boy? Let’s hope you inherited your mom’s personality.”
The cabin door slides open, filling Castiel's ears with a deafening roar, and he watches in utter horror as Sam leaps out of the plane, followed by the other hunters.
“Sam, stop arguing with the lifeguard! He knows what he’s doing, ok?” Dean pleaded. He needed his foot better
“You better be,” she warned, handing him his coffee. “And you better bring that man around soon, too.”
The man just continued to stare, his eyes darting between Cas and the computer screen. Cas opened his mouth, closed it, and then opened again. He was caught and there was no denying what he had been doing. “Hello. I work here.”
They talked about art, cooking, and then somehow got onto the topic of which chain restaurant had the best pancakes.
Cas stretched his whole body, throwing his hands over his head and flexing his feet, popping his back and working out the knots in his wings with a mighty flap. With a small grunt, he pushed himself up to sit and turned to his husband. “I’m ready for that tour, now.”
“The party started an hour ago.” Cas waved his empty mug in front of himself. “But please, don’t stop on my account.”
Dean’s lip curled up at the mention of his brother’s name. “Your brother is a bag of dicks. Whenever Michael comes here, he treats my staff like shit and acts like he’s better than everyone. He thinks he’s hot shit, but I just don’t see it.  I was so glad I didn’t have to marry that asshole.”
train the new archers on occasion, but her real job was coding letters and managing the recruits. She
Judging on the early morning light mirrored in his sightings, his soulmate was in the same time-zone as him, or not too far from it.
Dean wasn’t done. “So you choose him for me, knowing that I’ve had a ridiculous crush on him for years, and you weren’t going to tell me?”
