Tony laughed again, the sound making Steve’s heart beat faster. “Yeah, you’re not wrong. Fine, I’m going!”
Tony smiled. “I would like to see them try to take her away from me.”
Darcy:
“Stark!”
you for hours.” He chuckled. “I’m also kinda starstruck, not gonna lie to you.”
“Your what, darling?”
Nights seemed endless. They seemed endless and Steve found that even with the increase of daylight time and all the extra activities he made himself do, he was still unable to sleep properly. He took to sparring with Peter, trying his hardest to get him to drop the polite title and call him Steve. He claimed he didn’t deserve it yet. Steve liked the kid, he reminded him of himself as far as determination went. He let Bucky and Clint and Peter teach him how to play video games. He took up colouring – Nat got him into it and he kept at it, trying to empty his mind. He helped Darcy whenever Darcy needed help. Once it was just sitting there with Thor and Vision, rating outfits for a date.
“What?”
They played some music as they served yet more food that Steve ignored with a heavy consciousness. He had half a thought to ask them to take all the extra food to the people celebrating outside. The speeches were televised and in between they were shown footage of the crowds. He bit his tongue and sipped his tea.
“You’re perfect,” Steve stated, kissing him again. “How?”
“I didn’t say I’d fuck you straight away, though,” Tony countered,
They had to take a vote on when to open presents. Some of them advocated for Christmas Day, others for the Eve. Once they started on the eggnog, the vote swayed towards the Eve, and in the end it was settled for midnight.
“Yes. I – yes, please.”
“Oh, no,” he whispered.
“Literally,” she confirmed.
“Yeah, but then you’d be bored. This way we can all think of Steve’s obscene memories and we’ll all be entertained,” he said and reclined his seat, then squirmed until he found a comfortable position.
Steve sighed. This would take forever.
Steve was lightly biting along his hips, moving up as he dragged Tony’s top off. He pressed wet kisses onto his chest, licked around his nipples slowly, then dragged his mouth to where the arc reactor was embedded into his chest. That’s when he stopped.
A young woman approached him timidly.
“Hmm, you’re welcome to try,” Steve repeated his earlier words.
“I already said you’re right!” she said in an exasperated voice. “I hope we get to shoot something today.”
“You’d know if I was,” Tony said, a flirtatious hint in his voice. “Also, well done for deflecting. I think dad just had to sit down to avoid an accident because that’s three things so far.”
“I mean, of course a white lie every now and then –”
Tony sighs. “Where’s Johnny when you need him?”
“You know, Steve,” he started.
“I’d actually forced myself to come find you even if the idea of facing you made me dizzy after last night, because I’ve made
Steve pulled him all the way up, lining them so they were face to face. “Say it again. Please?”
He can’t.
“Fine. But Steve?”
Tony’s mind automatically goes to earlier, when he’s said the same words to his boyfriend. No matter how many times he says it in his head, he’ll probably always feel a rush. Boyfriend. At his age. At
“June says she might feel some sort of phantom pain.” Steve’s heart sank. “We’ve got painkillers for her if she shows any signs of distress.”
Steve chuckled because, honestly, he had to. “Yeah, yeah, I get that. I really do. I’ve been despairing for months over how much I’m not good enough for you.”
,” Steve pressed on, rather enjoying the other man’s shudder, “and said ‘you know what, Steven, I’m gonna work with a team to turn you into this guy who will be able to completely astonish my son. I mean I don’t know when I’ll be having a son, but I know for sure he’ll be very much like me, so a complete asshole, and he’ll need to be shut up, and astonishment is a must!’”
By the end of the red carpet, Steve thought he could grow an ecosystem on his palm given how many hands he’d shaken. He smiled and responded to greetings, and filed faces away for later. They were to be introduced to roomfuls of directors, less important directors, councilpeople, ill fitting suits and solid gold tie pins.
Steve sighed. “I feel like I’ve been cheated out of something great. Before the serum it would make me sick and after the serum it does nothing to me. I mean, I drink it anyway but it’s sad.”
“Gimme,” he told him, pulling the pillow aside, then plopped on the bed next to him. “Can I kiss you now?”
“Shit, Steve I’m sorry, I didn’t mean it like that —“
He opened his eyes only to stare into Tony’s smiling ones. “Tony! Tony! Tony! See how annoying this is?”
“Tony can add to it, I’m sure,” he told her as she hugged him repeatedly.
“No, we need to stop this. I don’t even know how we got here!”
Steve turned to Natasha. “Next time you want to tell me to leave my shield at home, just don’t.”
“As long as you need.” He openly ogled Steve as he moved to get the box from their bedroom. “So what do you want in return?”
It made his head swim with the intensity. He felt fingers run from the middle of his chest, up to circle his throat, squeezing briefly. Then he felt them cupping his cheek, felt the pull of the leather around his cock. Then finally, the fingers were at his lips and he pushed his tongue out.
“I need a shower. Was that about me?”
Yeah, Steve knew that. It had been something they agreed on. To speak plainly, to request, to leave no room for interpretation and potential harm. It made sense, ambiguity led to uncertainty, uncertainty led to anxiety and overthinking. “Could you –,”he tried again. In all fairness, it was a good system. Which wasn’t surprising, not really. Tony was super smart and Steve was practical. So yeah, it was a good system. A safeword to stop, a codeword to start. Steve took a deep breath to steady himself. “I want you to own me.”
“It’s when you suck on – ah, how to – ” Her inability to not be helpful left her stranded halfway through her sentence not really knowing how to go on. “Tony?”The scientist lifted his hands in a clear sign of not-touching-this-one-it’s-hilarious-to-watch-you-struggle. Pepper looked around some more, her cheeks starting to redden.
“Guys, if you want to move your domestic dispute back at the tower, that would also be okay,” Wanda told them in a voice so sarcastic Pietro was probably crafting a badge as she said it. “I mean we can also stay here where these people running towards us can film it and put it on Youtube so we get hits and -”
“Should we leg it? What are they gonna do, shoot us?” Tony whispered.
“Steve that’s rude,” Tony’s voice admonished. It came from another one of the people in the room, but it couldn’t have been because Tony was currently hollowing his cheeks around half of his dick while working his way lower on it.
“Steve,” Tony said gravely. “These are the markings of our ancestors,” he explained and pointed to the scuffed surface of the cabinet.
” she asked outraged.
“Good news it is! Pietro’s soon going to be allowed to wheel around the tower for reasons I don’t understand given he had just had surgery six hours ago.” Wanda smiled widely, getting up. “And,” Pepper started holding a hand up to stop her, “the more good news is he’s going to join us for the photo we’re taking as our Christmas card!” She announced cheerfully.
“Leave him be, Tony. He’s a hyperactive teenager with special powers and super curious about everything, including but not limited to double-teaming,” Pepper intervened, sipping her wine slowly.
“Oh. I just - I just remembered something from the war,” he lied, trying to conjure a memory of those times.
He took to licking Steve’s slit slowly. “And? There’s more?”
“In what universe could I go undercover?!”
The only thing that motivated Steve to move was the promise of better contact. He managed to push the garment down, gasping when the cooler air of the room touched his skin. His skin... Steve remembered he had forgone underwear, and judging by Tony’s gasp, he just realised that as well.
When he realises he will never hear them again he dives to the wreckage, finally letting out the anguished scream that has been bubbling in his chest.
“In me,” Steve answered instantly. “Want you to split me open and fuck me.” He had to let go of his cock for fear of coming. One of his hands pulled at his balls while the other dipped to spread some of the saliva on his hole. He rubbed on it, then pushed the tiniest amount in, enjoying the burn.
Tony’s grateful for his teammates. But he’s also worried by the resilience of the bots, by their numbers, he worries about Doom’s plan, he worries that Steve is actually jealous, he worries he’s not good enough, he worries he’s too old, too fucked up, too short, too manic. He worries as he flies around checking for damage and civilians, thinking all the scenarios in which Steve up and leaves, in which he’s left sitting alone in the middle of the bed.
“What does?”
“Then you can have me and keep me,” Steve whispered.
The applause started again and this time when the whistling came, Steve saw Tony doing it so there was no doubt. His ears were ringing, his heart pounding. In the brief seconds he walked off stage towards the prime-minister he couldn’t help but think of all the ways he’d fucked up. The man was waiting for him, angry vein pulsating in his temple, sweaty and face tight with rage. Steve slapped the speech on his puffed chest and looked him straight in the eye. “I’m not a dancing monkey anymore, prime-minister. You picked the wrong person.” He walked back to their table and sat down, stiff and afraid. Next to him, both Tony and Natasha were grinning. His phone was going wild again in his pocket.
Tony choked on tequila and turned his back to Natasha for help. She hit between his shoulder blades a couple of times. “Thank you,” he told her. “I feel I’m watching Grumpy Old Men on cable during a storm when there’s nothing else on.”
“Lack of manners,” Steve scolded.
“What happened?” he asked as he helped her to a chair.
“I’m going to take these off and I’m going to
“Okay, why don’t you have my bed and I’ll go sleep in your room?”
He had made it clear to himself that it was not a competition on who came up with the best date ideas. He entertained the thought for a while, but it came with a toxic layer that he could not and would not enable. So he was simply putting a bit of effort into a date night with the ever-present hope that nothing would come up and ruin it.
“But Steve nothing, it’s probably someone’s pet, have you thought about that? How would you feel if someone took… oh, I don’t know, me –” he paused for the briefest of seconds before he realised what he implied, “– any of us away from you?”
“What?”
He looked up, surprised expression on his face, as if he’d forgotten Steve was there. Then it morphed into something much gentler. “Sorry, I get stuck in my head sometimes.” He reached into a cabinet and pulled a bowl out. He inspected it through the cling film. “Looks okay.”
“I would advise against that,” he said quietly. “If you value your face at all,” he added in a calm voice.
“Beautiful.” He pulled Tony in by the belt loops to plant a kiss under his arc reactor. “No shoes, please?” It felt odd asking, and he felt his face heat up as he did.
“He’s on enough painkillers to make him sing. You! Truth or dare?”
He took his time with the dishes, even if his initial plan might have backfired. The more he stared at the evidence of the previous night’s cupcakes, the more he remembered how kind and polite Tony had been, and the more he wanted to wash all of it away. His skin tingled where the man had touched it. He could recall the hug, the way Tony’s hand had anchored him.
It occurred to him that Tony had been talking to him, kneeling next to where he was sitting on the ground. The goat was still in the man’s arms, struggling slightly, but soothed by the way Tony was petting it. “Steve, you with me? Steve? Darling, are you okay?”
"Are you alright?” Steve asked.
” He suddenly shouted.
“Bucky!” Steve managed, fumbling with his covers.
“Yes, Sergeant Barnes?” The AI answered.
Bucky hesitated in the hallway. He could very clearly hear Steve and Stark arguing in the kitchen.
. He had to look up to see Steve's soft, bright blue eyes. “I--" Tony's throat worked to talk. "Uh, here.” He held out the trash bag. Steve’s fingers overlapped Tony’s and lingered as he took the bag.
Bucky watched Stark disappear out of the doorway. He turned back to Steve. “What was that all about?”
“Son of a bitch,” Bucky heard Stark mutter before sliding out of the bed, showing his bare back as he
“Here.” Steve swept the last of shattered glass into a small pile. “I’ll finish picking up.” He walked over to Tony.
“Tony,” Steve called out uselessly.
“I’ve heard.” Thor nodded, releasing Banner. When Steve looked confused, he added, “Banner told me through an email.” He explained, wrapping an arm around Bruce’s shoulders to shake him.
“It’s not a good idea, Tony.”
him. I told you it's our thing... I didn’t think sleeping with Tony would upset you this much—“
“I mean,” the tips Steve’s ears reddened. “We’re going to dinner tonight to talk things out.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “But maybe?” The unsaid
"I'm sorry--I'm sorry--" He babbled, not sure if he should still keep covering his eyes or not because he saw
Steve was sweeping up the shattered piece of glass from the broken coffee table later that night. Clint got a little too adventurous on showing off his athletic prowess.  He did a double-take when he saw Tony walk in with a trash bag and started collecting the empty bottles of mead and beer alike.
“Nothing, just… us doing our thing.” Steve rubbed at his forehead. “Uh, how are you settling in?”
Steve and Stark were in bed, seeming unclothed. Steve was smiling sleepily, his eyes closed and his neck stretched out to let Stark bite at it. Stark’s hand was under the covers where a jerking, rhythmic tenting happened near Steve’s lower body.
Steve paused. “You’re not?”
“Hey, you don’t gotta do that,” Steve protested. “You should get some rest.”
“JARVIS?” He asked the ceiling, hoping that's what he was supposed to do.
walked in on
“No, I got this, Steve.”
“I share the same feelings, Barnes. You know why? Because this calls for a celebration! And you know what
Bucky gaped at the scene before him. Seeing Steve yelling at him to leave while tugging at his sheets, Stark putting on wrinkled clothes with haste
Bucky blinked owlishly at the wall.
Bucky spoke up. “Uh, it’s nice to finally meet you.”
Bucky and Steve sat on opposite ends of the couch in the Avengers common area. There was a half-full trash bag on the ground as if suddenly dropped and a neat pile of broken glass undisturbed. Banner was still curled up in the armchair, sleeping and unaware. Bucky stared vacantly at the wall in front of him.
“No, ‘m not tired, Pep!” he whined out his complaint before she could even finish talking, not caring how childish it sounded. He was tired, obviously, but he knew on top of everything else that meant he'd have to get off of Steve and take care of himself for a moment. Or, maybe all night. Would Steve leave? Tony didn't really want him to. He wouldn't admit that out loud, but he wanted him there. At least until Pepper got home.
Stupid, stupid fucking Steve. In his current state, Tony was starting to take a liking to that name, despite its childish implications because it helped him express his conflicted feelings towards the man. It fit because Steve was okay...he liked Steve and Steve was taking good care of him. That was the only reason he even deserved a name in the first place.
For the most part, Tony had grown accustomed to spending most of his time alone. He didn’t always have the best coping mechanisms when it came to his loneliness, but he was used to it. Unfortunately though, whether he liked it or not, that ability to cope and ignore the overwhelming need to be loved and touched and coddled went out of the window as soon as Steve pulled him into his lap. He could rebuild his wall in the morning.
. At least then, his feelings wouldn’t be hurt like a little kid because he left him without saying goodbye. He didn’t
Steve knew that was the case when he asked, but he just gave an innocent shrug, “Really? I haven’t noticed...”
It took him a little while of his just quietly sobbing into the couch cushions before he realized he was going to have to call for Steve and Pepper eventually. Pepper previously set up a 'Baby Sitting Protocol' through Jarvis that did just that - babysat. If Tony was alone and dropping or doing anything that could cause himself harm, Jarvis would alert her, no matter where she was at. Unfortunately, after a few weeks of Pepper not being in the tower, Tony managed to disable it without her finding out. She still didn't know, and he'd probably be in trouble when she found out, but at that moment he didn't really care. He was too busy wishing he'd never disabled it because that would have been
“I knew Steve was fibbing when he said everything went smoothly,” Pepper continued in an amused tone, much to Tony’s surprise. He was expecting her to be demanding answers, but she just continued lightly, “As much as I’d
“Mhm,” Tony allowed himself to answer, trying not to purr in response to the touch. Yeah, he was definitely touch starved and it definitely felt better than he remembered. At that moment, he hoped Steve would never stop touching him. He didn't care if that made him needy or not.
. But that was then, and this was now, and now was…different. Which is
"How long-" he began to ask right before a surprise, jaw-splitting yawn interrupted him. He blushed, knowing that his '
Steve barked a laugh as he began to push himself off of the couch, heading in the direction of Tony's quarters, "Well, of course. I wouldn't have expected anything else."
“The laundry chute’s to the right of the bath, Sir,” Jarvis informed him after a moment of him just standing there, awkwardly holding Tony’s pants, “Have you located it?”
Steve let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding in, smile widening as he pulled the submissive against his chest again. He didn’t fight in the slightest, melting against him with a pitiful sniffle. Tony was only getting more and more comfortable in his arms, and Steve was loving every minute of it. This time, Steve didn’t stop himself from planting a soft kiss on his forehead. He figured Tony wouldn’t remember it happened, anyway.
“Yes, Madam,” came the familiar response from Jarvis, and before the sound of the bass of his deep voice had even faded, Pepper was tugging Tony over her lap.
Steve knew she was joking, but with some of the behavior he'd already exhibited, he figured there was a little truth to it. He didn't doubt that Tony was hard-headed as hell, red-bottomed or otherwise. The kid was going to need a lot of work.
“Yeah, kid,” Tony started. “Why were you in detention?”
happen. Steve would go to his grave claiming that. Darcy howled with laughter at his little jump, and the others were in various degrees of hysterics. Steve hated all of them. He cut through the crispy skin with a scowl on his face. This was ridiculous. Again. He pushed the leg down with the fork, then cut straight through the ball joint.
Bennu pushed her little head into Steve’s palm. “Oh,” Steve gasped.
Tony kissed him. Underneath what Steve was learning it was uniquely Tony, he could still taste himself slightly. He traced the rim of the arc reactor with soft fingers, then he pinched the man’s nipple. His hands ran freely, down on the curve of his ass, lower on his thigh. He could feel the warm precome trickle down on his skin, could feel the restrained grinding of hips.
He joined their rather glamorous group with a large smile. This was his family. He tried to surreptitiously find Tony, but Natasha’s knowing look made him roll his eyes. He raised an eyebrow and she shook her head. Tony wasn’t in sight and she had no idea. Or no will to share intel. Great, one of those moods. He was given a drink and accepted it as a prop more than anything else.
“Come on! I use hip young modern lingo all the time!”
“Ah, I spied on you for months, remember? I got you drunk and stupid on the stuff before. But yeah, Pepper helped.”
“Well, yes.” He wished he could keep the defensive tone out of his voice.
“Later,” Steve agreed. “But please promise me you know I’m here for you.”
“Jealous, huh?”
Getting presents was always an uncomfortable experience for Steve. After his mother died, Bucky was the only one who got him anything, and even that was cut short when he left. So Steve was awkward and a bit uncertain what to do with his hands. He tried to be as normal as possible when he unwrapped them, and he was grateful at everyone’s enthusiasm for not noticing the slight shaking of his fingers. He was amazed at how much thought they’d all put into what they got him. Steve received a new sketchbook, all the Star Wars movies, new pencils and -
He offers a reassuring smile and a nod before dropping the faceplate. “Come on,” he urges. He lifts off, grabbing Steve’s outstretched arm and depositing him on the street below. The man takes off as soon as his feet touch the tarmac.
Steve took a moment to observe without looking like a pervert. Pietro had given up on his disappointment and was cheering on Wanda in typical supporting-my-twin-forever way. Wanda, for her part, kept her eyes down and opened her mouth wide to slide down on the thing. Vision seemed mildly amused by it. Steve wondered briefly how lust worked in his case, but the snort coming from Rhodey’s general direction stopped his thought. The man was trying his best not to choke on both the jelly dick and his laughter, leaning heavily into his palms on the table. Pepper wasn’t faring much better, pulling back and clutching at her chest to try and stop laughing.
“This is not New York, Captain. You can’t order us around. Don’t you think you’ve done enough damage here?”
“So you’re not into feisty brunettes?” Tony asked, now close enough to Steve’s crotch that he pushed the towel up with his nose.
your best friend, darling.”
There was the usual lightheartedness to Tony’s words, but the underlying snark didn’t go unobserved. He had no idea what he’d done wrong, but there was no way he was going to start an argument when one of his teammates was in surgery and the other one was going to pass out any minute.
“Go work for a living, maybe I’ll even forgive you giving me my present late,” Tony said in between the commentary of the fight.
Steve had freed his boxer-clad erection out of the jeans’ confines. Tony seemed to like that a lot, given how he was currently jerking his hips upwards, unhappy with Steve’s limited touch. He wiggled out of the jeans when Steve prompted him to, then sat up a little. “Not that I’m not a fan of the way those pants showcase your cock, darling, but why are they still on?”
“Fine! He downed it and gave her a look. “You’re a mean player, but you are also the most lethal person I ever heard of.”
Steve felt himself blush. It was the song that always played when he entered the lab. “And this is my song?”
She waved his complaint away and pointed to the empty space in front of them. In the background, people kept falling off a bouncy obstacle course. He waited until the shots of Amaretto were ready, and started his dare. Steve tried not to think of his dream that seemed so long ago, and how beautiful the man looked on his knees in front of him.
Steve let go slowly, making sure the tree wouldn’t topple, and eventually stepped back to look at it. “All crooked, you mean.” He sighed. “You know, I’m going to shower and have something to eat and maybe take a nap,” he informed them as cheerfully as he could without sounding fake. It clearly didn’t work, but they were kind people, and let Steve go.
” Steve asked.
“Well – well, okay, but the point was that my brain is like that but like, always.” There was another pause. “And also, it’s like when you go looking for a particular bit of information and the next thing you know it’s five hours later and you’re reading about hippos.”
“Technically, it was about old white men being unable to capitalise on your speech and taking their frustrations out on me,” Nat replied.
“It absolutely does not!”
“Imagine betting on Rogers in a drinking competition. You’d make millions!”
Darcy sent a photo attachment.
“I’m fine, thank you for asking. Life is peaceful here on the prairie,” the AI’s voice came back. “How’s your love life, boss? Any luck at all with -”
Steve opened his mouth, but Tony beat him to talking. As usual. “He’s not in the mood, Hawk, you heard the man. For someone who’s this excited about a holiday some of us don’t care about, he sure is missing his famous mood.”
Steve:
“Like this?” he asked, and started finger fucking Steve in earnest. The sound was obscene, paired with the slurping noises Tony was making as he lathered his dick in spit and took him all the way down his throat.
Tony:
“Really?”
“Okay, yeah, I do. But I want you to tell me.”
“Always,” Tony laughed. “You can always kiss me.”
“I doubt there’s chance for that, Bruce. If meeting all of us hasn’t, there isn’t much chance of anything else doing it.” Steve left the implication of bad things unsaid, and Bruce allowed it because the thought of it was too painful for both of them.
“True,” the man agreed begrudgingly.
Tony chuckled. “And other than that?”
Tony dropped something and swore loudly. “What, you couldn’t beep like a regular timer?”
Steve laughed, trying to hide the nervousness. A master spy and a nosy curious pain in the ass. Great. “That’s one way of putting it,” he said and settled for a mysterious smile in terms of facial muscles. His jaw ached from the strain of controlling his expressions. Not as much as dream Tony’s must have hurt though. Beautiful, glorious mild pain that was caused by the strong desire to please Steve. Not only was his dick officially stirred, so was the longing in his heart. Excellent. This was going to be a wonderful trip.
“A kiss, please.”
He sent the text before he had the chance to talk himself out of it.
“Shut up, Stark,” Pietro says with a tired chuckle.
The Winter Soldier catches it in his non-metal arm, something that Tony finds seriously impressive. “Storm doesn’t have your cool metal frisbee, Steve, don’t you worry!”
thought that, I suggested we issue a statement and get everyone off our backs.”
And just like that, the doubt dissipated from Steve’s mind. He lined his cock and pushed it in the hot mouth presented to him. He figured this was the opposite of freezing to near-death. The heat was unbearably good; then Tony hollowed his cheeks and Steve found himself unable to even moan. All he could do was push in, half an inch at a time, paying close attention to the way Tony reacted, careful not to hurt the man. He felt it when he reached the back of his throat, but then it relaxed and opened up to him.
And it's done! Can't believe I finally managed to finish it. And on Joey's birthday no less. (Happy birthday, soulmate! Love you now and forever.) I'll keep writing in this verse, but anything new will be posted in a different series. Thank you for sticking with me though writing this 100k 5 times series.
“Yeah, you do.”
“Harry Potter, right?” Steve checked.
“D - no! I know that look, its evil evil undersides, the last time I saw it in conjecture with me you’d made me decaf and I fell asleep in the suit, on Rhodey’s base, they’re still retweeting the photos and calling me the Sleeping Iron Maiden and I really -
Steve
He opened his eyes. The heat was unbearable. He threw the blankets off him, located his shield and
“Yeah, right I’d like to see you try. I’m backed up to shit. Good luck, punk.”
Steve tried to maintain an innocent expression, but he lost it at Tony’s disgruntled face. “Yeah.”
“And I like to indulge myself in life’s best pleasures,” he added and sipped his scotch. “You okay captain? I don’t remember Cherry - wait, Christine? no, wait, what’s her...? - Chloe! There you go! I don’t remember her making me need fresh air. Although she is quite attractive. Bit of a pushy - what’s that word Thor used that one time that I liked?”
“It’s from a movie,” came the voice from behind them. Bruce was standing there casually, arms crossed over his chest, his glasses sliding down the bridge of his nose.
Natasha:
So he went. Natasha followed closely after she said something quietly in Russian. Three of the agents followed Tony and the others stood guard outside the stall. The inside was bigger than Steve had expected. It had a vast array of fortune telling paraphernalia, a crystal ball, tarot cards and the like. The woman sat down at the small round table and gestured for Steve to follow through.
“Captain Fucking Testy,” Clint mutters, but Tony spent months figuring out the best optimisation for their earpieces. “You’d think you’d be more relaxed,” the man repeats Bucky’s earlier words. On the feed Tony gets, he sees the archer rain down arrows on the bot Steve’s fighting. They fry its circuits when they go off after two short beeps.
closed.
?” She pushed before Steve could explain any further, sounding impatient. It dawned on Steve that she thought he
a specific action that could sway her, Tony had yet to figure out what it was. His guess was that there
"Of course, Anthony," he answered softly, still wary of the calm demeanor. He
he shouldn't have, then you need to let me know now, okay?"
Steve nodded, a smile playing at his lips. Playing with his hair is what got them in that position in the first place. "Does he have nightmares? Is that why he doesn't like to sleep?"
Tony sighed, obviously not ready at all, but nodded and finally let go of the Dom’s shirt so he could step back from the hug.
“He’s not always so bad,” Pepper repeated her words from the previous night, crossing the kitchen to the island where Steve sat to hand him one of the mugs, “Cream or sugar?”
, Steve stepped on the pants still bunched around Tony's ankles so he could step all the way out, leaving him in just his boxers for a moment until Steve helped him step into his pajama pants. Despite a shiver, he was unfazed, so Steve gently detached Tony's hands from his shirt, holding them in his own instead, "Good boy. Can you get your shirt off for me?"
i lost all of my comments when i deleted and revised the chapters so like drop some comments if you enjoyed! i hope it was at least a little worth the wait! i'll be back soonnnnn
“Um...” he thought for a second, looking up to Steve with a confused look, “I dunno?”
He had to force himself to take a slow, deep breath. He was getting angry about something entirely separate from the situation. Whatever happened with Steve couldn’t be blamed on Pepper, he reminded himself.
to sleep. Half of the time, the only thing waiting on him was nightmares, anyway. He was never in a rush to face one of those.
“‘m okay,” Tony finally offered once a moment of silence had passed and he realized he still hadn’t given her an answer, staring at the screen with a goofy grin. Steve had found a spot behind Tony's ear that he specifically liked and was now repeatedly running his fingers over said spot, so Tony was having a hard time focusing past that. Between Steve's magical fingers and the comfort that Pepper's voice brought to him, he was feeling very content and it was only forcing him down even further.
"6:45. So, I'll probably be there sometime after 7. Stay in bed until then, okay?"
It wasn't long before a movie started, the sound of the opening credits booming from somewhere Steve couldn't see. If he didn't know any better, he'd say it was simply coming from everywhere. One thing was for sure, though: it was painfully and unnecessarily loud.
“You’re sure you don’t mind staying the night?” Pepper asked before he could respond, reminding Steve that they wouldn’t have much longer, “I just...don't want you feeling obligated, even if it is what he wants. It's not too late to call Rhodey up there. I'm sure he's in the tower somewhere anyway..."
And he didn't, either. He knew that this encounter was going to push him five steps back with Tony because the sub would need to reestablish his boundaries, which had been kind of been crossed without his full consent. It was for his own good, but it didn't matter. In a way, Tony had lost his sense of control and he was going to need to regain it. For now, though, he was floating and adorable and dependent, and Steve was going to eat that up for every possible second. He could deal with the
And he sounded it, too, if you asked Steve. The submissive continued to cry miserably, and Steve knew he’d fucked up because he was
Tony just nodded in response, breathing in her scent and basking in her presence. It had been a while since her last visit -
"Not tired," Tony distractedly protested, still watching Steve's movements and actually flinching a little (or a lot) at the solid 'thud' sound his shoe made when it hit the carpet. Tony blushed profusely, embarrassed by how worked up he was, but Steve's signature amused chuckle never came. Instead, he just gave a comforting squeeze to his ankle before gently dropping his left foot and reaching for his right.
good, because it meant Steve kept his word. That calmed his nerves a little; he didn't want to already be
!” Tony quickly tried to argue, because she
Tony always promised to do better; the promises were often broken but he kept them for as long as he could remember to. And when he said it, at that moment, he definitely meant it. He wanted to be Pepper's good boy, and even though she claimed that he always was, he did have an idea of what to do to make it
"Not just yet, honey," Pepper responded, but her face wasn't in the camera anymore and she sounded distracted, "Why don't you let me talk to Steve for a minute while you go do that? And then we can say good night."
And for those same exact reasons, her blessing was the worst possible thing she could have given him. Now, he had one less excuse to keep running from Steve. And that was
“I’ll try to make it harder for you next time,” Pepper stated softly, sympathetic in a subtle way but also a way that made Tony feel
“Yes, ma’am,” he answered quietly, his usual qualms about getting enough sleep long forgotten for the time being, “Is Helen coming? I wanna show her some new stuff I’m working on, Pep. She’s coming, right?”
“I love you, more,” she responded like it was second nature before playfully adding, “You’re ready for bed, huh?”
, after all. It shouldn’t have been so hard to
"I'm not sure you'd have such great things to say about him, though," she continued, sounding much grimmer, "I'm sorry for the way I'm sure he's been treating you. It scares him when people try to get close, so he lashes out. It's nothing personal."
Tony was hardly appeased, but he didn't really want to argue with her. At that point, he hardly wanted to do anything. It was dawning on him how incredibly vulnerable he was and all of a sudden he just felt naked and cold. Of course, his need for some kind of warmth had him instinctually scooting closer to Steve.
Or, maybe he could…but that would probably involve letting go. He wasn't ready to do that.
Of course, she knew. Pepper always figured him out eventually, no matter how slick he thought he was. It had been a while,
“I’ve never tried to use it before,” Tony explained tentatively, turning his head so he could awkwardly peek back at her, “I just…always figured I knew what it was…and, well, I was right. You’re not very creative, ma’am.”
. Steve's heart broke a little bit more at that.
telling the truth. Pepper inspected him as he spoke, but when she couldn't find any signs of a lie she gave a short nod, "I'll make you breakfast in a little while, then. And you
“No! I’m freaking out because I just saw my best friend having sex! Come on, it’s one of those things you’re never supposed to see! It was as if I was seeing my little brother have sex. It’s traumatic, Steve!”
“I’m sorry, but who’s the genius in this tower? Oh yeah, me.”
He tried to move but his head pounded against his skull. He swore under his breath as the previous night came in fragments.
Bucky knows he shouldn’t intrude, but he was starving. He let his footsteps fall heavy as he walked in.
In another cabinet, Bucky pulled out a colorful box. “Sounds a little bit annoying,” He said, heading towards the fridge.
Thor snorted. “Please, don’t compare Asgardian mead to your Midgardian ‘alcohol.’”
again.
“Oh, hell yes!” Clint dashed over to look inside Thor’s knapsack. He gave an excited titter as he pulled out more bottles.
“Make sure you properly close the door next time.” He patted Steve’s knee before pushing off the couch.
“Hold up. You know what an email is?” Stark asked.
Bucky rubbed his hands over his face. "Wait," He looked over to the man, accusingly. "I thought you didn’t like Stark?”
“No, I tell you I'm—“ Tony turned around and faltered. His breath caught because Steve was suddenly
The two froze and stared at the doorway.
Thor, special beer, Clint trying to prove that he could lick his elbow but caused him to trip and land on a glass table, finding out that Natasha is a giggly drunk, Banner passing out after one glass and Thor trying out the classic prank of drawing on someone’s face.
“I know. Thanks, Buck. I'll let you finish your breakfast in peace.” Steve gave him a smile before leaving the kitchen as well.
Bucky groaned at the pounding headache destroying his head. God, he didn’t miss hangovers. He cursed the serum for taking the normal amount of time to break down Asgardian mead.
“Bucky!” Steve pleaded, the tips of his ears red.
They didn’t move apart.
Bucky felt like he shouldn’t have interrupted Steve and Stark’s argument, but he brushed it off instantly. After all, it wasn’t as if walking in on them had dire consequences.
Bucky blew out a long breath. “Just promise me one thing if it does.”
Clint gave the god a hug with many claps on the back, Natasha quirked the corners of her mouth up when Thor gave a bright grin towards her direction before advancing on Stark. The man put his hands up and began an argument of protest but Thor already pulled him into a hug, dangling him.
The entire room seemed to hold its breath, waiting for someone to make the first move.
“Bucky, just get the hell out!” Steve got out of the bed, still pulling at the bedsheets to cover his lower body. “
"Jarvis," he managed to croak out after a moment, accepting that nobody would be coming to check on him for a while, "Could you tell 'em I'm ready?"
"Thank you, attitude," Steve said, taking the phone from the sub's hands. His tone was calm, but Tony didn't like the look he was giving him.
"What do I tell you about what happened and what they did, hm?” she pushed after a minute of silence, her voice expectant. That was a question he'd heard a thousand times so she knew he knew the answer.
Despite the fact that he was a grown man and so was Tony, that was still great news to hear. Pepper was apparently the most important person in Tony's life, so if she didn't like Steve that would put quite a damper on things. It wouldn't have stopped Steve - as stated before, they were adults - but it was still better to have Pepper on his side.
Once his face was clean, Steve tossed the damp rag onto the nightstand. Tony had mostly stopped crying by then, and Steve was hopeful that it stayed that way. If not, bothering to clean his face was redundant.
not being a “good submissive”. And I doubt she wants a certain
Tony squirmed in place at the praise, blushing as he allowed Steve to take the shirt from him and toss it down the chute to join his slacks. It was clear to Steve how much he loved to be praised and he planned to bury Tony in it every time he got the chance.
soft.
Those words hit him like a ton of bricks. He didn’t want to care. He truly didn’t, but he did! If anyone else called him a brat, he would have laughed and agreed. But this...Steve telling him that just hurt more than anything. He didn’t
"I'm sure he has," Steve agreed, deciding that working through her over-protectiveness now would be best. After all, he wasn't going to hurt Tony, and once she saw that she'd more than likely lay off. He was going to both want and need her blessing in the future, so he wasn't about to piss her off now, "Like I've told you, I understand your concern, but I like Tony and I hope you'll see that I have no bad intentions when it comes to what I'm doing here or with him in the future."
"Is he...Does he always go down like that?" Steve almost immediately regretted asking, feeling like he was poking around in Tony's head behind his back. But still, he was curious. And besides, this was information he needed, "I mean, I didn't even see it coming. I figured out he was dropping before I could even tell he was in his 'space."
"She's absolutely right, y'know," he told him with a small smile and a wink, "All you need to worry about is just letting me take care of you, okay?"
. That was enough to run most Dominants in their right minds away from him, but Steve didn’t seem to mind. Steve wasn't scared.
she was talking about. Jarvis. Jarvis and the stupid fucking babysitting protocol. He felt his heart sink to his stomach as it dawned on him that she
Despite his inner turmoil, he’d been there before and he knew what he was going to have to do. So, reluctantly, he drug his feet towards her without waiting on an order. There was no reason to delay the obvious, after all.
sensitive. Especially if he actually likes you, and it's even worse when he's down like this. You’ve got to watch what you say to him and
“He’s using the Captain voice. Natasha, you take this one?”
“I’m sorry, so sorry,” he said breathlessly.
“Tony did you forget to tell them?” Pepper’s voice taking a slight shrill quality. “Tony, I sent you thirteen god damned emails and got Friday to sing to you. What did you do, sleep through all of it?” Tony stayed quiet, looking anywhere but ahead of him, where Pepper’s hand shot up to rest on her hip. “You’re an idiot,” she announced and kicked his shin under the table.
“I just fiddled with this scrap metal I had in the lab, put an engine on it, it’s no big deal,” he finally replied, looking around the room to avoid Steve’s face.
Pietro was allowed around the tower on the 24th. They’d visited him and decorated his hospital bed and even put a nice wreath on the door. Wanda tied bows on it, and Darcy covered it in glitter and silver beads. They took to singing loudly whenever Pietro’s whining got too much, which was roughly eight times a day that they knew of. Bruce kept feeding him sweets to quiet him, and Clint smuggled pizza in one night.
The sky lit up as soon as the countdown ended. Downstairs, he imagined Bucky caught someone’s lips in a cheeky kiss. Thor had probably lifted Jane off the ground as they kissed. Bruce and Darcy were probably stood together on the side, embraced and optimistic. He rejoiced in being alone even more knowing his family were alright.
“Oh, no no no, Cap! Steve? Steve, come on, stay with me! Friday, shush the music.” He was holding Steve’s hands in his own, rubbing them harshly. Steve could almost feel it. “Steve? Steve! Darling, please! Steve, my beautiful darling, please, please try to focus on my voice.”
“You don’t even know what it is I’ve got planned!”
Vision kneeled to check the cut on her arm. “Are you feeling alright?”
“I got you,” he said, repeating the words Tony had said to him so full of affection the previous night. He turned enough to support his entire body weight on his right forearm. He lowered his free hand to grip both him and Tony, lining them up impossibly close and providing the friction they both needed.
The cameras were on so he kept a neutral face, despite the internal meltdown. Tony’s hand came to rest on his shoulder. “Steve, stay with us, okay?”
“Insatiable,” Tony said with a shake of his head. “I love you forever,” he added.
Tony shut his eyes and groaned. “Oh my God. Okay, okay.” He exhaled loudly.
“It is,” Steve croaked.
“I don’t fucking know, I almost lost my mind when I thought you died in that explosion. And Matilda was right, of course she was right.”
"Thanks, Steve," she told him quietly before changing the subject, "And thank you for taking care of him. He would have tried to get through this alone if you wouldn't have, and that just does more damage than anything. It seems like you’ve done really well with him. So just...thank you."
“No!” Tony gave him the answer he was expecting without missing a beat. Steve figured that wasn't the case, but he wanted to make sure.
Tony sighed sadly at that; he didn't like it when she called him and his act out like that. Plus, guilt crept upon him at that because if Pepper could see how he'd been behaving lately in the presence of others, she wouldn't be happy. She knew he could be a brat, but ever since she'd left and he had no one to take him in hand, it only was getting worse.
Steve allowed himself to sigh, resting a hand on Tony’s quivering back to rub. The sub tensed at first but quickly relaxed under the hand, pushing himself further into his pillow. Steve continued to rub up and down his back for a moment before he moved it up to the nape of his neck, resting it there.
She was adamant about Tony having his privacy, even when he was a brat, and Jarvis was good for making sure they kept just that. It was unlikely anyone could show up unannounced, anyway, but she would rather be safe than sorry. Tony was thankful; one thing he didn’t want to be was humiliated. Nobody got to see him like this but Pepper. Well…and apparently, stupid fucking Steve.
When Anthony first opened his eyes, he felt so
be sorry. This was a very naughty thing to do. Hopefully, you'll remember exactly how sorry you are next time you consider doing something like this."
“But, I’m not
"I'm not t-...huh?" Tony was about to continue to protest before he realized the question he was asked. Someone was gonna stay with him? And stupid Steve was an option? He wasn't really expecting that.
Steve did his best to comfort the Domme's worries, but he knew there was only so much he could do to lessen her anxiety. When he told her he was happy Tony had somebody who cared enough to worry so much, he truly meant that. The poor thing would have been way worse off without Pepper. That still didn't mean he wouldn't be better off with Steve.
The fact that Tony was considering his manners, even when he was just talking to Jarvis, was even cuter. The smile he was shining at him brightened as he teased, "Well,
“Yes, you did,” Pepper said after a moment, realizing that Tony had nothing else to offer, “Would you like to tell me
Much to his surprise, a look of confusion covered his Domme’s face before a smile tugged at her lips, likely without her permission. She crossed her arms over her chest, feigning a stern look, “Uh-huh…sorry for what, Anthony?”
"It's taking too
Ignoring the submissive's whine of protest, Steve slowly stood up with him cradled in his arms and began to carry him into the unnecessarily large restroom, "Let's get you ready for bed, sweetheart."
It wasn't angry. It was far from it, actually. But it wasn't the same fond, amused look he was used to getting from the Dom either. This look was more disapproving, and it took Tony about two seconds of eye contact to realize that he absolutely hated that look. He never ever wanted to see it again. He didn’t understand how, but it was
Tony blinked hard a couple of times at that because...
Tony had never really heard it put like that, but he disagreed. Tony couldn’t think of one way in which he could help a dominant, especially a dominant as well balanced as Steve. If anything, he would just drive him crazy.
to or Pepper wanted him to. Unfortunately for both of them, those were the only two reasons he found acceptable to find a Dom. Because, of course, he was
Steve chuckled as he handed the phone off to him, watching fondly as Tony grinned at the camera, "Pepper."
“You aren't bad, sweetheart,” Steve decided to start there, matching his hushed tone to a T. He didn't want either one of them to have to focus on who he was talking about. Talking about what he was feeling was one thing, but he didn't think it was fair for him to have to explain his past trauma to him. They were pretty far off from that point.
Then again, there was probably no possible way for him to fuck anything up. Not unless he did something vile and completely out of his character. That's how he knew what he was feeling was irrational, so it helped him swallow down his self-doubt. Plus, Tony didn't need a psyched-out, panicking Dominant taking care of him, either. Steve's usual demeanor seemed to be working pretty well for them by then, and he wasn't about to change it.
He did try to undress. He even made it out of his blazer and took his belt off before he flopped back down on the couch, exhausted and crying and just wanting to be cuddled again. He was too far down and tired to properly take care of himself, whether he liked it or not, and his inability to do as he was told was frustrating.
to know what trouble you caused, since he didn’t feel the need to tell me, I’ll assume he took care of it. Is that the case?”
“How about I just turn around?" Steve offered up as the last attempt, hoping Tony would recognize that he was trying desperately to meet him in the middle, "I’ll still be in the room with you. You'll still be able to see me, but I can't see you, so you can get changed on your own. Is that okay?”
, he hadn’t realized he missed it that much.
job of putting him back together, but damn it, she tried. And she took care of him, whether it meant canceling plans or blistering his backside or cuddling him or literally putting her life on hold for
It started as a work thing. The first damn Super Soldier strolling into his tower with SHIELD agents to gain access to some of his technology. And then came the flirting. And then the question: ‘
Thankfully, his body never confused punishment with pleasure, although some submissives did have that issue. For a lot of them into heavier play, it wasn’t even confusion, the hairbrush
The way Steve spoke to him made him want to melt right there in his arms. He was so
Tony’s eyes flew open. He regarded Steve for a long second before kissing him. He was still shivering, no matter how tightly Steve held him. “Please don’t doubt yourself about anything sex related. Not with me, and I dislike the idea, but not with anyone else either. You’re sex on legs, Steve,” Tony chuckled. “And on top of that, you’re generous and fun and — fuck!” Steve shifted his thigh to rest in between Tony’s. “You did that on purpose.”
“Do you want your sandwich or can I take you to bed now, darling?” Tony whispered.
“I’m old, not senile,” he said drily.
Jane giggled, Pepper touched her hand to Maria’s shoulder in a sign of gratitude, and Darcy released another long suffering sigh. Wanda stepped closer, looking like she wanted in. Pietro shuddered somewhere to his right, and said a quick “Wanda, no,” to his sister. She smiled viciously. Steve was certain he would never understand their dynamic, even though there was a part of him that envied the feeling of belonging in a symbiosis of that nature.
Tony Stark was kissing him in their kitchen.
“Tinder could help get you in the mood,” Tony said cheerfully, and Steve was so so very close to snapping. He shoved his hands between the branches and grabbed the tree’s trunk.
“Yes!” Pietro said and turned to Wanda. The girl gently lifted him up to the top of the tree. He slid the upright branch into the ornament and clapped loudly. The A was truly ugly. Steve loved it more than anything. Wanda lowered Pietro to be at their level.
Natasha called him back once more.
He’s climbing on rubble, trying to reach further into the mess, to Steve, always to Steve. The cruel perverted corner of his mind, ready to suggest the worst, always with the back-up plan, always flat on his back flexing its fingers into his spine, ready to push him off the edge - it’s rumbling now. Grunting as it provides is way out, showing him the precipice just off his path where he could be rejoined with Steve. In whatever afterlife there is. But Bucky wasn’t cruel, Bucky wouldn’t be cruel.
and attractive with your, your
Steve took pride in his multitasking skill set. He was able to focus on several things at once and prioritise. Even so, he was taken aback by the gentle hand on his forearm. He turned to the person and found himself almost face to face with an unknown woman. Within seconds, as he opened his mouth to greet her, her lips attached to his in a pressing kiss. He was vaguely aware of her hand holding mistletoe above their heads. He was vaguely aware of the smell of her perfume, blonde hair, the softness of her lips moving on his, the heavy taste of alcohol. He was more aware of how his eyes didn’t close, but instead focused on the bright spotlight now illuminating Tony Stark on the stage.
Steve didn’t even know what ‘this’ was. He wasn’t running for office, he was just mad. “The media?” he asked in the same small voice.
was especially cute. With his head lying on Steve's chest, eyes still wet but shining brightly at the screen, and still trying to scoot impossibly closer to the Dom that, two hours prior, he would have sworn on all things holy he couldn't stand. Steve wondered how much of this progress would reverse in the morning. Not all of it, he hoped. He definitely wasn't looking for a reward for taking care of Tony, but if they managed to make it past the
"He hasn't been too bad," Steve lied, shrugging, "Nothing I can't handle, at least. Besides, I get why he may want to act like that. It's nothing for you to apologize for."
a specific thing; nobody changed Pepper's mind but Pepper. Whenever Pepper did let him off easy, it likely had nothing to do with his dramatics.
to be a brat. He wanted to be good. He just...couldn’t.
think
Despite his fear of the hairbrush, though, he still wanted to be
to sleep. He never wanted to sleep. He only time he ever did was when he physically didn't have a choice anymore or when Pepper made him.
Steve held him wordlessly, slowly dragging a hand up and down his back and praying that he would drop off on his own. He was floating by the moon and was clearly
The submissive made a face at that but declined to argue any further. Instead, he curled closer to Steve and asked a question he already knew the answer to, "When is your plane supposed to land?"
. Or Helen, for that matter. Both of them swore that they didn't mind; they were happy, but Tony couldn't believe that. He was permanently third-wheeling, it seemed, and he spent most of his time rationalizing his actions so he didn't have to think about what was going to happen when they decided they
part of this in the morning.
Pepper was noticeably upset, even to a stranger, but Steve figured this had to be a stressful situation for her. Tony needed more than she could give him and deep down, she probably knew that. It wasn't quite her fault - her hands were more than full - but Steve imagined that there was an underlying sense of guilt from not being able to do more. Once again, he understood.
After a moment, Tony's tense posture relaxed. He bowed his head ever so slightly and allowed himself to relish in the feeling of Steve playing with his hair. He couldn’t stop himself from letting out a satisfied, moan-like noise. It felt
“I missed you, too,” Tony managed to whisper, eyes trained on Pepper’s knees below him, “You just got here. I don’t want you to do this.”
"Yeah, I have," she answered softly, "I think he'd love
big stuff. Frankly, he was angry with himself for downplaying just
Steve ignored the resulting whine when he turned his back, headed towards the side of the room with the entire bar area, “I’m sure you have some water over here, right kid?”
"I'm not gonna hurt you, I promise," Steve assured him quietly even though the submissive didn't seem to need it. He was trying to force as much eye contact as he could, wanting to be sure Tony understood what was going on. He'd obviously been through a lot so Steve wouldn't be surprised if he got the wrong idea from the gesture, "I'm just helping you change. That's okay, right?"
Steve smiled a little to himself as he thought of how utterly excited Anthony had been to see his Domme earlier that morning. He’d be surprised if Tony didn’t implode with excitement when he finally saw her face. This thought warmed his heart at first, but then he realized that his reaction to seeing Steve still around would probably be the exact opposite.
Tony didn’t have an answer for that, but Pepper cut in before Steve could push for one, anyway.
“Yes, Mr. Stark,” Jarvis answered him softly. The phone was ringing almost immediately, "Calling Ms. Potts."
He had all of the time in the world, and he knew whatever the endgame was, it would be worth it. He had a good feeling about this, and his gut never failed him. Tony was meant to be his - to heal and to love - and he had every intention of making that a reality. Well, as soon as Tony would let him, of course.
"You'll stay?" he asked softly, peaking up from under wet eyelashes in the most pitiful little tone Steve had ever heard him use, "In here...with me? Promise?"
"I will do my absolute best," she promised him with a laugh, despite the fact that there wasn't actually much she could do, "And I expect you show Steve what good behavior you can have. That means no sneaking to the lab or anywhere else, tonight, doesn't it, sweetheart?"
He didn’t elaborate any further than that, and his pointing wasn’t really helping Steve in terms of directions. Fortunately, there was a soft light surrounding the miniature fridge on one side of the bar so Steve was able to find it without too much trouble.
when it's been so long since he felt them, was always jarring.
Pepper must have known she wasn’t getting a response because she didn’t wait for one, instead calling out to Jarvis, “Jarvis, can you make sure no one will be bothering us for a while?”
As long as Pepper never found out, he was content. Before he could say anything, though, she was giving him a concerned look, “But he didn’t hurt you, right?”
"Also," she continued in a lighter tone, pulling Steve out of his thoughts, "Seeing as he
to sleep and you
Steve bit back a smile, rubbing a hand up and down the sub’s back before releasing him from the hug, “Okay, buddy. Let’s go in your room and get you covered up, okay?”
A little vulnerability was one thing, but flat out showing weakness like that...Tony couldn’t do it. Steve could tell Pepper, or Rhodey, or anyone else who could help force Tony into a legal bond because they were worried about him. Pepper had already threatened it before when Tony had forgotten to eat...or sleep...or leave his lab for days at a time. They didn’t need any more evidence that he wasn’t doing okay on his own.
"Here," he grunted out after a moment, shoving the phone in Steve's direction. He was more upset himself than them, but he was never good at dealing with being angry with himself. He preferred to just take it out on everyone else.
Steve already knew what the answer was going to be, so he wasn't surprised when Tony whined and forced himself back against his chest, "Noooo!"
“Yeah, I suppose you should. Don't worry, it doesn't take long," Pepper informed him with a grin,” Besides, that's probably not even what you should be worried about."
“I got it,” he remembered to respond; even as he began to admire the biggest claw-foot tub he’d ever seen. The architecture of the whole bathroom was beautiful and it was clear to Steve that Tony had good taste. Or at least whoever designed his bathroom surely did.
Steve.
Steve kept a hand on his back on the way up, and it took every ounce of willpower Tony had left in him not to lean into him. The touch on his back was okay. That was just grounding more than anything, but he didn’t want to go any further than that. Allowing Steve to touch him was what got them there in the first place.
He was honestly confused as to why Steve staying was even an option. Pepper was insanely overprotective of Tony, so letting a man she'd never even met in person before spend the night with him seemed out of her character.
fault, either way. Even if it was harder, he would have figured it out because he was just…being
“Tell me why you’re being punished, Anthony.” Pepper ordered as she rested her hand on his bottom, clearly getting straight to business, “And I suggest you hold the sass this time.”
, even though it was going to
. Understand?"
Pepper was heading out of the room and down the hallway before he could say anything else on the matter, throwing him a smile over his shoulder, “Thanks, a lot, by the way. You didn’t have to stay.”
Steve let out a breathy laugh at that, pulling back so he could look down at Tony, "Well, maybe that's why you don't sleep all the time, Anthony."
After taking a moment to stretch, Steve dipped off into the restroom to relieve himself. He was sure to be quiet with that and the handwashing that ensued. Once he finished with that, he slowly and stealthily made his way out of Tony's bedroom. He shot one last look over his shoulder to confirm the submissive was still sleeping peacefully as he left the room. Once he confirmed that was the case, he pulled the door up behind him as he exited. He headed down the hallway, following the sound back to the living room where he spotted a tall, ginger woman rummaging through her luggage.
“Now, thank you for doing as you were told for me, Anthony. Good boy,” Steve made sure to praise first because he honestly was expecting more of a fight when he put Tony into his bed. He pouted, of course, but he didn’t argue or just make a break for it, which Steve figured was a small miracle. Once he was done with that, though, he continued to scold, “I understand you don’t want to lie in your bed right now, but I did give you a choice. You made a bad one, so I chose for you.”
