Steve feels his cheeks warm again. "Thanks," he says, ducking his head. "Haven't gotten used to it yet. I was a skinny little kid, growing up."
"I'm fucking him because we both want it. And because it's really fucking awesome, as it happens. I'm sure you'll find out for yourself soon enough."
Dear Tony,
"It's good. I wouldn't expect any less. You are a true professional."
"Thank you, Agent Coulson," he says. "This is a nice place. I'd like to rent it."
"Pepper has way better taste than you," he says, because listening to Tony's incensed squawks brings him a lot of joy.
OH PERFECTLY SURE
As it happens, it's time for their fortnightly coffee this week. Steve is meeting Phil in their usual spot, a little hipstery café tucked between a bookshop and a pet store that does the best cappuccino that Steve has tasted since he woke up. He's a little late, rushing through the door with his yoga gear still in the backpack over his shoulder. He'd gotten caught up in chatting to Yingtai about a Hot Vinasya Yoga class that she's thinking of starting and Steve definitely likes the sound of, and lost track of time.
I shouldn’t even write this to you, even if you’ll never see it. You’ll think I’m betraying you. You’ll hate me.
A couple of minutes later, Steve stands in front of the mirror in his hallway, looking himself over critically. He looks... good. Even with the stubble he hasn't shaved in two days and hair not yet grown out after his customary shear. He has seen the way people look at him. Someone out there is gonna like what he or she sees.
Not up to much tonight. Think I'm going to go sit on the roof of the palace and sketch the sunset washing the city in fire. It's extraordinary. I don't think I'll ever get tired of this view.
Romanov is here. I wanna ask if she’s seen you, but i don’t know if i’m up for her blatant amusement at my misfortunes. So i pretend that i’m VERY BUSY AND IMPORTANT by working through the gala. Just two more minutes god i swear i’ll be good for the rest of the evening just give me two fucking minutes to be by myself.
For a long moment, Tony remains quiet. All Steve can hear is the surrounding traffic and the noise of the city beyond it, calling to him like it always has.
"High maintenance, you are," Tony grouches, but takes Steve's hand and leads him through into an enormous conference hall that has been turned into a snazzy dining room for the evening. At one end, there is a raised podium and a lectern.
date," Tony insists with a touch of a whine in his voice.
WAIT NO
Steve can't think. His brain just refuses to process. Angry tears prickle his eyes, and for the first time in nearly a year, he wants to punch something so hard his fists ache with it.
Warning for emotional distress, mentions of PTSD, and discussion of trauma.
If I knew you would come, I would leave. I’m not a prisoner here, and I think T’Challa trusts my word that I’ll never tell a soul about this place. Though from the rumbles I’m hearing, I think Wakanda won’t remain a secret for long.
Phil, on one of his rare visits to Steve's place, looks around at how it's started to fill up, and leaves with that little reassuring smile of his. A few days later, Steve receives delivery of a package of framed vintage New York photographs, and nestled between those, a candid of the Howlies somewhere in London, a lucky shot someone had captured of them all sitting around a table and laughing uproariously. Bucky is leaning into Steve's shoulder with his head tilted towards him, one of his old grins holding cockiness and genuine amusement that had come so scarcely after Steve found him again. Steve puts that one up in the living room, across from his favourite seat on the sofa.
"So," Sam says, after he's taken a long drink from his own bottle. "Wanna tell me inappropriate yet fascinating tales of your life as Julia Roberts?"
"Ugh. To him, I can't be all that fascinating, okay? I'm not smart like him, I can't keep up with his brain. He doesn't know I used to be Captain America. I'm just me now, and I'm a guy of simple tastes. Don't see how he's gonna stay interested."
"Not at all," he says a moment later. His voice sounds odd; too intent, maybe. "We should be doing more. I'm sorry it turned out like this."
The taxi ride takes just over forty-five minutes. The place Pentecost specified is all the way out in Queens, and it's closer to rush hour than Steve prefers for scheduling his appointments, but that can't be avoided. He is actually a little early, but he figures that if Pentecost hasn't had the chance to get there yet, he'll just wait in the hallway. To his surprise, the taxi drops him off outside of an apartment building, rather than the hotel he'd been expecting with someone of Pentecost's profession. DADT has been history for nearly a year now, but Steve still hasn't heard of many high-rank active soldiers who are 'out'. It's a nice place – the steps to the entrance are clean, and the rails well maintained. Steve rings the intercom for number nineteen and waits.
He reaches out, needing desperately to feel the grounding touch of Tony's hand in his.
gmme a brk bn up snc 7
shut up, he looked desperate
i gotta tell u smth
"Outstanding," Tony says, lowering his head to brush his lips over the frenulum and drive a keen out of Steve's throat - before he lifts up again.
Shawn pulls out and then jams back in, and Steve's skin prickles with sweat, two sizes too small. He lets out a moan that seems to come from the soles of his feet, and wraps an arm around Shawn's neck, yanking him in to devour his mouth. Shawn loses some of his control then, starting a fast, punishing rhythm as deep as he'll go, barely shifting out, just ramming in and in and rubbing some part deep inside of Steve that makes him see stars. It's so incredibly satisfying, and it feels so overwhelmingly
Slow and steady. Soft and basking, in every brush of their lips, the heat of their breaths and their proximity.
He tells the warmth that blooms within him is from the hot ginseng chicken soup and nothing else. But even he knows in that moment, that he’s lying to himself.
“Yes.” Steve breathes.
Two days later, someone disengaged JARVIS and tried to break in.
A flying donut enters the atmosphere threatening earth’s safety while Tony’s stands gobsmacked, his armour collecting dust in the basement of his California mansion.
“Fury’s trying to reach you and Steve.”
Wilson will be replacing her instead, following Rhodey, Steve and Tony to the visit the mutants on Thursday.
“You better go before he imprisons you with gratitude and insists on tasting everyone else’s chocolates,” Pepper smiles at her gently.
Tony briefly considers revoking Barnes imaginary invitation to the Broken People Club, but before he dwells into that thought, a plate of pancake is thrusted into his sight.
“I had to know you’re safe, Tony. I had to. I just -,”
This is why, Tony reminds himself. This was why he didn’t ask for that hug earlier. Because once he’d got Bucky in his arms, he won’t be able to let go. Ever.
“Oh,” Tony marvels, watching as she passes a ruby one to Pepper as he opens his own to discover heart shaped chocolates. “Please tell me, Bruce had nothing to do with these.”
It’s not Wanda’s fault but still. Magic is shit.
She keys in a reminder in her protocol, so when Tony wakes up, he won’t miss his med again.
If there was any doubt with that, it only got verified when Pepper texted him last night once he was done with a meeting in London with the European stock holders.
He tries to hide it behind Tony’s hand. Unsuccessfully.
“Sometimes, we have to rely on others to help us.” He tells her, clutching tightly onto his steaming mug of coffee as he follows her example and keeps his eyes trained far, far away into the clearing.
Wilson cackles behind him, without even bothering to muffle it. Tony can
“Because, I do.” Tony exhales. “I can’t stop.”
She covers her mouth with a hand. Another trembling as she reaches for Tony’s back.
Tony picks it up and twirls it by its stem, standing up from the crouch before his knees start cramping.
“You can’t sabotage what’s over!” Tony shouts after his shadow.
“What did I do?” Steve asks. Ready to amend, do something – anything - to mend whatever he had unknowingly broken to have their friendship back.
“Goodnight, Steve.”
He stops. Shifty eyes finally focusing on Steve, and he realises Steve’s not looking at his face.
Living life is inevitably going to hurt him, bruise him, break him; Steve or something else, and for some fucked up reasons, Tony rather it’s Steve than something else.
He says he’s sorry but he doesn’t repeat the mistake of making a promise like he did when he was sixteen.
He knows then, Bucky leaned on those hands more than on his; and it's not Bucky’s fault at all because whenever Tony wasn't there - even if it's a millisecond opening - depression was waiting to grab Bucky for itself.
“- you’re more settled now. I was just wandering -,”
“How did you find him?” Steve asks, rough edged and unaware.
for help.
“Sure, Tony.” She butters her roll. “I’m glad you realise now, you’re not the only one.”
"You bought them!" Tony hissed under his breath while Steve winces from how hard Tony had clenched onto his arm.
But then, Rhodey opens his mouth and Tony listens with blood curdling chill – the same kind he had when T’Challa told him about his ability to see souls – that he’s not only addressing Tony, but Steve as well.
Rhodey corners Tony in the room, pointedly nodding at Steve, dismissing him wordlessly.
“How’d you imagined it?” Steve asks, pressing the elevator button up and he turns to face Tony.
“What if I want you?” Steve licks his lips.
They have all the time and they’ll make use of that. There is no need to rush. They’re trying, and it’s all that matters.
“Ow,” Tony cries.
Then - Tony is close enough to hear them now - Maria Hill impassively asks, “I suppose you’re preoccupied with matters more important than the President’s life now?”
into his ear.
What he’s doing? Is he watching a movie with the rest of them or is he sulking at the dining table, waiting desperately for Natasha play the eye for him while Barnes pats his shoulder morosely?
But there are rare occasions that Steve wins their verbal sparring matches. The worst offender is one morning in the kitchen. He hasn’t slept in two days, easy, and is pushing three when he finally emerges from his workshop in search of more coffee. As he climbs the stairs, he reasons that it’s early enough in the morning that everyone else is still asleep, or they’ve already cleared out, but as luck would have it, Captain fucking America himself is sitting at the kitchen table, sipping coffee out of a black-and-white patterned mug. Tony makes a valiant effort to ignore him, but it’s no use.
“Goodnight, Stark.” Steve’s lips are still curled slightly upward when he opens the door and ducks into his room. Tony waits until the door has clicked shut before releasing the air trapped in his lungs, turning on his heel and heading back down to the workshop.
And Tony’s chest goes all weird and tight, and it’s hard to breathe, suddenly.
“Seems like I’m not always the boss of you on the field, either.”
“You want to stop killing my punching bags, Cap? Not that they’re hard to replace—or that anyone other than you uses them, really—but it’s the principle of the thing.”
The AI pauses, but doesn’t say anything else. There’s an edge of…
“Stark,” he says, breathless.
“Tony,” Steve blurts out, frustration and relief flooding him in waves. Tony’s eyes grow even wider, shock slackening his features, but Steve hardly notices. Tony’s name tastes so sweet on his tongue that he has to say it again. “
Thank God you’re all right.”
Natasha answers coolly, hardly even sounding out of breath.
Right now, though, he’s the antithesis of all of that, subdued and vulnerable and bravely holding Steve’s gaze even as he looks for all the world like he wants to run away.
Tony takes a small step closer. “Cap,” he repeats, softer, and bites his lip. “Are you okay?”
“Probably not as long as I have,” Tony says, his eyes bright and full of desperate wonder. “Cap—”
“You think I don’t blame myself, too?” Steve says. Tony looks up at him, brow furrowing, but when he opens his mouth, Steve silences him with a gentle squeeze to his arm. “Every time one of my teammates gets hurt, I feel responsible. I’m the captain—Christ, I’m
isn’t what almost slipped through his lips instead.
And it scares the shit out of him.
“I’m sure. Thanks.” Steve rewards him with a tired, hesitant smile, and Tony’s traitorous heart twists in his chest.
It appears to do the trick. Cap gets annoyed, sure, the Frown of Disapproval (Tony wants to get that term trademarked) settling over his face, but he doesn’t seem genuinely angry like he had that morning. And he doesn’t call Tony “Mr. Stark” again. Tony counts it as a win for the good guys.
The real question is, if
Realisation dawns upon Pepper, the same moment Tony bends over and heaves, dry and burning.
Tony bypasses him to wash his own mug and topple it over the drying rack.
“Tony.” Steve exhales as he ducks his head, the fight leaving him.
One part of his mind supplies him with all the memories he has of Steve with his bare feet; both appropriate and incredibly inappropriate.
The same Sargeant who asks calmly, “Any reasons you’ve been avoiding me?”
It makes him yawn all the fucking time. He shakes for a larger portion of the day and he
“I’ve got to answer Pepper,” he blurts out, already stepping away from them; separating himself, and Natasha’s frown and Steve’s disappointed gaze accompanies him all the way to the workshop where he collapses on the couch.
“I think I will,” Steve says, and kisses him again.
Tony is still frowning, although he looks more bewildered than anything else. He grabs his coffee mug, knuckles white as he grips the handle tightly. “Permission to be dismissed, Captain?” he says, a spark of defiance in his eyes, daring Steve to retaliate.
Tony slams his soldering iron down on the workshop table, spooking DUM-E, but he’s too frustrated to do much more than mumble a quick apology. “JARVIS,” he barks, running oil-smudged fingers through his equally greasy hair. “Give me Cap’s location, please.”
Tony shudders. “
That almost-kiss lingers with Steve for weeks.
Natasha’s voice crackles in Steve’s ear, and he jerks back, startled out of his wits.
Tony’s eyes snap open just in time to see a blush rising on Steve’s pale cheeks, but it’s surprisingly faint, and he recovers with a decent amount of grace. “I should go,” he says, his hands falling away from Tony as he takes a step back.
But if Tony’s a sadist, he’s also apparently got a masochistic streak in there somewhere, because when he and the good Captain fight, it
“Really?” Tony looks genuinely curious. “How much were we going for?”
Speak of the devil—Stark breezes into the otherwise-empty kitchen, and right on cue, Steve’s fingers twitch where they’re curled loosely around his coffee mug. It’s
fucking
A huff escapes Tony, and he flops down onto his chair, heart still thudding in his chest. He glances at the bottle of whiskey on his desk, sorely tempted, but he can still feel Steve’s gaze burning into him, and something prevents him from reaching for it.
“Here,” he says, and opens his sketchbook. He carefully shields it as he leafs through the pages, and Tony has the decency to not try and look. When Steve flips to the most recent page, the one with the drawing of Iron Man, he carefully tears it out and hands it to Tony. “I want you to have this.”
A twinge of anger—not irritation this time, but real anger, tinged with something else that’s even more infuriating than usual—brings a hot flush to the back of Steve’s neck. And normally he doesn’t take the bait when Stark goads him, normally he restrains himself, but he’s so off-balance and so frustrated that this time, he bites.
It’s not a new problem by any means. The thing is, though,
“Don’t bother. I can tell.” Stark’s lips curl. It’s not quite a smile and not quite a sneer, but something in between that only Tony Stark could manage. The skin under his eyes is dark, almost bruise-black, and a little swollen. Steve might almost think he had two black eyes if he didn’t know so well what complete and utter weariness looks like.
” Steve says, but if it comes out a lot less chastising and a lot fonder than he intends, he’s perfectly okay with that.
It should be a standard battle. It isn’t as though they’ve never fought Doombots before, and it’s certainly never been a problem or anything more than a mild inconvenience, really. But Doom seems to have gotten smarter since the last time. One moment, Steve is taking down robots left and right, alternatively slamming his shield and his fists into metal while Iron Man flies somewhere overhead. The next, he hears Tony shout in what sounds like pain before the sound cuts out abruptly, and Steve looks up in horror to see the armor going rigid as something like electricity arcs over it, repulsor lights dimming and then winking out entirely. Tony plummets toward the ground, going down behind a building several yards away.
Immediately, Steve pulls back, contrite. “Sorry, Tony, did I hurt you?” he asks anxiously.
Tony stares down at it, uncharacteristically silent.
The way his lips form Steve’s last name feels—
Steve shoots Tony a quick grin, his eyes bright. “Thanks.”
Of course, nothing can ever be that simple with them.
he tries to reason with himself,
“I’m not mad at you, and trust me, I want to kiss you too,” Steve says, grinning, before he sobers a bit. “But first I want you to tell me what fried your suit, and if it’s fixable.”
Rogers turns to face him. His skin shines with a faint sheen of sweat, his greyish-white T-shirt sticking to his chest and his blond hair messy over his forehead. There’s a kind of flat, weary resignation on his face, the kind of tiredness that goes beyond physical, and his mouth flattens into a wary line when he sees Tony.
he thinks dizzily,
When Tony Stark calls him “Captain”, off the field, it’s not a show of respect. At least when everyone else does it, Steve knows, they mean well, and that makes it bearable, even if it does still prick at him. At least when SHIELD officials or civilians or
“Is he all right?”
Color blooms across Tony’s cheeks, and he looks up at Steve, something desperately raw in his expression. “Rogers—”
“Prepared for takeoff, Iron Man.” Steve wraps his arm around Tony, stabilizing himself.
“Sir, yes, sir,” he mumbles and promptly heads down to the workshop to sit against the wall and sip his coffee until he doesn’t feel like throwing up or crying anymore. Turning it over in his mind, later, he’s still not sure what to make of it.
Softly, Steve traces the curve of Tony’s lower lip with the pad of his thumb. “Say my name,” he requests, voice a near-whisper, breath warm on Tony’s face.
Hulk roars in the distance.
Still, he thinks wistfully, and pictures Tony’s dark eyes again, it doesn’t hurt to look.
It’s painful in a raw, aching sort of way, because somehow, Rogers manages to cut through the layers he’s built up with words sharp enough to leave him breathless.
Shaking his head, Steve sighs deeply. “Barton and Romanoff were, apparently, betting on how long it would take us to get together,” he says gravely, but the corner of his mouth is twitching.
A grunt of acknowledgement is the only response Tony gets, but Cap’s currently holding his own against three of the overgrown wasps below him, so Tony won’t hold it against him. In fact—
Adjusting his grip on the shield, Steve nods and puts a hand up to his ear. “On it, Hawkeye,” he says, then glances at Tony, smile lessening to a simple quirk of his lips. “Mind giving me a lift, Shellhead?”
Shellhead.”
Tony rolls his eyes. “I’ve been doing better! I did everything you asked of me today, didn’t I? Oh, but something
between them that they each refuse to acknowledge or discuss. It’s possible that it’s just Tony still thinking about it, but he doubts that’s the case.
something he wants to think about right now. In return, Steve drapes his arm over Tony’s shoulders carefully, and the implication of trust in the action sends a pleased little flutter of warmth through Tony’s gut.
Tony is glad, suddenly, for the full-coverage faceplate of his suit, because it means Steve can’t see the way Tony’s face has gone hot-rod red at both the question and the nickname.
“Thanks.” Steve smiles softly, and crosses to the beat-up red couch that slumps against the wall of the workshop. From this angle, he sees Tony in profile, and quickly gives into the temptation to warm up by sketching him. It’s more of a suggestion of outlines than anything else, a few lines doing the job of depicting the slope of Tony’s nose, the shadow of his facial hair across his jaw, the column of his throat and the way the muscles bunch in his wiry arms.
He sketches Tony shirtless, arc reactor blazing like a star from his chest, bright light bringing his face into stark contrast. Carefully, with the utmost precision, he pencils in Tony’s dark eyes, framed by those impossibly long lashes, underscored by deep crescents. The chiaroscuro on his face, lit from beneath, is a fascinating subject. He wants to paint it, sometime. Really, what he wants is for Tony to model for him, but he’s too afraid to ask.
Wetting his lips, Tony says, “Yeah?” He’s obviously aiming for flippant, casual, but it comes out quiet and enamored, a bit breathless.
“I hate seeing you hurt,” Steve murmurs.
It’s very, very distracting.
And Steve knows Tony is thinking about it. The man isn’t exactly subtle, after all. He stares at Steve just as much as he himself stares at Tony, now—more often than not, whenever they’re together, Tony’s lovely, dark eyes follow him, slightly narrowed, a line between his brows. Assessing. Calculating. It’s both unnerving and a little thrilling, knowing Tony is finally paying attention—at least visibly, anyway. It’s just a matter of time until one of them breaks.
It wrenches a small, surprised noise out of Steve, but he returns the kiss eagerly. Tony’s lips are soft and hot, and he tastes like sweat, and Steve is—maybe a little too eager, because when his hands find Tony’s shoulders the smaller man groans and flinches a little, a sound that is distinctly pain, not pleasure.
Tony blinks owlishly at him, lips parting in surprise, and it’s comical and a little bit adorable. To his credit, he recovers quickly, if a bit gracelessly, lifting one shoulder in a shrug. “Sure thing. Knock yourself out.” He turns back to his work, though Steve notices the way his gaze lingers a little.
Now, Steve has noticed Tony. And once he starts noticing him, he can’t stop.
Iron Man locks his arm securely around Captain America’s waist. “Ready when you are, O Captain, my Captain,” he says. He doesn’t mean for it to sound quite so affectionate, but the plain warmth in his voice is audible even through the vocal modulator.
The chain holding the bag in place on the ceiling snaps, and a last sharp blow sends it flying across the room and slamming into the wall. Sand sprays from a tear in the bag, and Tony stops short, eyes widening.
Steve nearly swallows his own tongue, hands automatically going to Tony’s hips. “Tony, I don’t think now is the best time,” he protests, but it sounds weak even to his own ears. “We should really wait until—”
All the tension bleeds out of Steve as he watches him go, and he’s left feeling unsatisfied and—
“Oh, geez—” Tony doesn’t hesitate, just reaches for him, but he doesn’t quite make it before Rogers is sinking to his knees, his shoulders slumping. Tony ends up with Rogers’ arm sort of around his waist and the other across his chest, hand bracing against Tony’s shoulder, kneeling beside Rogers as the man shakes.
Really, he can take a hint.
Yes. Yes, that is the worst he could do. Steve is utterly dreading that potential outcome.
Tony’s gaze skitters across Steve’s face, darting away once, twice, before finally settling on a spot just below Steve’s left eye. “Will you let go of me, please?” he mutters through gritted teeth.
I should be able to protect my team. Even the tiniest scrapes, I feel guilty for.”
Tony’s impulsiveness, his disrespect, his disregard for others, and his seemingly absolute lack of capability to follow to orders—those were all aggravating, but they were things that could be dealt with. Now, though, following first that morning in the kitchen and then the night when Tony had found him in the gym… now, Steve’s problem has taken on an entirely new shape.
Steve doesn’t. His hand is warm on Tony’s bare arm, thumb sweeping along the curve of his shoulder. The lab isn’t cold, but Tony shivers anyway, feeling far too exposed in his worn tank top and jeans, especially compared to Steve, who’s still in uniform sans the gloves and cowl. The super-soldier has that infuriating look on his face, studying Tony intently, like he can see right through him.
There is, however, something he can do. Steve brings his sketchbook and pencils down to Tony’s lab on another of those sleepless nights when everything feels out of place and he needs to escape his head. He’s restless, fidgeting, his stomach fluttering with out-of-control nerves as he takes the elevator down.
—that had managed to sneak up on him. It falls with a shriek, and Tony mimes wiping sweat from his brow. “Target eliminated, obliterated, et cetera. Thanks, Cap.”
Jesus—” Before he even fully realizes what he’s doing, he’s scrambling for the elevator, punching in the number of the training floor. He fidgets on his way up, playing with the hem of his tank top, almost bouncing on his heels impatiently. What the hell does Rogers think he’s doing?
JARVIS lets him into the workshop, and Tony must not be too deep in his work yet, because he actually looks up when Steve enters. “Cap,” he acknowledges, sounding cautiously pleased. “What can I do for you?”
Clint interrupts dryly. He sounds strained, but he’s clearly alive enough to snark at them, so Tony isn’t too concerned.
Tony rocks back on his heels, bites his lip and wishes he had something better to say. “G’night, Cap,” he says, and tries to pretend that
of his pencil on the paper and the smooth, clean lines of the armor.
he realizes in a rush, that’s what that feeling had been. A wave of fatigue and something not unlike longing washes over him, and he leans his hip against the counter with a bone-deep sigh, glancing over at the coffee machine, then down at the cup in his hand. He lets his fingertips lightly trail across the chrome surface of the machine, across the button Stark had pressed, but he rarely indulges himself and neither Tony nor coffee should be cause for exception.
When the helmet comes off, Tony blinks up at him, eyes huge and dark, a smear of blood on his forehead. “Cap?”
by his stupid crush. He scowls and tugs the wrapping around his torso a little tighter than he needs to.
A stab of irritation hits him, and Steve’s jaw clenches reflexively, the reaction practically muscle memory by now whenever Stark enters a room or invades his thoughts. Stark’s mere presence has the unique ability to rub Steve the wrong way, to have him gearing up for a fight. Because Stark? Stark pushes all of his buttons, he pokes and nags and does everything he can to find what will make Steve break. And when he calls him “Captain”, it’s not out of respect. It’s nothing short of
And yet, there he is, like Steve’s very own personal demon, hands shoved into the pockets of his worn jeans as he stands in front of the industrial-grade coffee machine and glares at it like it’s personally offended him. “Why haven’t I upgraded this thing to brew coffee faster yet?” he complains to no one in particular, the hint of a whine in his voice as he shoves a mug under the drip and jabs one of the buttons impatiently.
Sometimes, Tony’s convinced he might be some sort of sadist. Normally, he doesn’t find pleasure in other people’s pain; far from it, actually. But most days, he genuinely enjoys coming up with different ways to piss off Steve Rogers, even has a little tally going in his mind of just how many times he can get Rogers to glare at him, eyes like chips of ice, the tips of his ears flushed red, his jaw visibly clenched. It’s like, by getting America’s Golden Boy to lose his temper, he’s accomplishing something. Like he’s contributing to the downfall of that perfect image. And it’s a nice payback for all the times Rogers makes
Steve touches their foreheads together and cradles Tony’s face in his hands, thumbs sweeping over his cheekbones, rubbing the delicate skin under his eyes. “Do you know how long I’ve wanted to do that?” he murmurs, awed.
“Natasha said the rest of the team can handle cleanup,” Steve says. “Apparently they’ve all but finished off the bots.”
“Well, you’re not the boss of me. Not off the field, anyway,” Tony says.
“You sure?” Tony frowns, letting go of Steve more reluctantly than he cares to admit.
Tony whips around at the sound of Steve’s voice in his ear, shooting a blast from his palm repulsor at the giant wasp—giant
“Shut up and kiss me again,” Tony demands, and proceeds to do just that, pulling Steve back in with a hand on the back of his neck and kissing him, really kissing him with tongue and teeth and everything, until they’re both gasping for breath.
A large hand closes around his bicep, and Tony goes very still. “Stark,” Steve says quietly. “Look at me.”
“Oh, yeah?” Tony’s grin is warm. “Why don’t you show me just how compelling it is, soldier?”
The suit falls to pieces around Tony, and he sits up, takes Steve’s face in his hands, and presses their mouths together.
He also remembers feeling them under his fingertips, tracing each one of them. Memorising.
Steve swallows audibly, eyes fleeting down to Tony’s mouth.
"Awesome," the guy grins, popping the top and sliding it over. Steve returns the gesture with a ten, then lifts it to his mouth and takes a cautious sip. It's cold, not quite freezing but refreshing, and the lemon twist really comes through. Steve thinks he's just found his favourite new drink.
“Fuck waiting,” Tony interrupts, and despite his vehement tone, open longing is writ upon his face. “I’ve waited long enough for this, Steve.”
He just can’t help it, can’t leave it damn well alone. He wants to push and pull and tear at Rogers until he snaps.
Sure, it’s been weeks since the Battle of New York, since everything happened on the Helicarrier and the mess with Loki got cleaned up, but if Tony Stark knows how to do one thing, it’s hold a grudge. He can hardly stomach living in the same
Steve lets Tony help him into the elevator, silence heavy over their heads as it goes up, and they make it as far as Steve’s hallway before they stop. “I think I’m good from here,” Steve says, voice hoarse and quiet. It’s the first time he’s spoken since greeting Tony in the gym, what feels like hours ago.
Things are tense after that, to put it mildly. The next time they see each other, Tony decides to run an experiment. He puts extra effort into annoying the super-soldier—gets in his space, teases him, makes fun of him, the whole nine yards—but never once does he call him Captain. He calls him plenty of other things, of course; “Cap” is a favorite of his, along with “Capsicle”, “Stars and Spangles”, and once, memorably, “Francis Scott Key”. Actually, he’s sort of proud of that last one, especially since Cap seems to
Steve looks unimpressed. “You shouldn’t mix alcohol and prescription medication,” he says sternly, moving forward and gently taking the tumbler from Tony’s hand. He frowns down at it, then sets it aside—out of Tony’s reach—and crosses his arms over his chest. The disapproving look that Tony has been getting less and less lately is back, but even now it’s tinged with something else, something suspiciously like real concern.
The coffee machine beeps, obnoxiously loud in the stifling quiet that’s fallen over the kitchen, and the moment cracks like glass under pressure. Steve blinks, frowning, and oh. They’re standing awfully close, aren’t they? He takes a small step back to alleviate some of the tension.
Steve’s attention shifts across the room, to where the Iron Man suits are on display. He flips to a clean page and pauses for a moment, resting the tip of his pencil lightly against the pristine white paper as he debates on how to begin. Slowly, he draws the curve of the top of the helmet, brow furrowing as he concentrates, world narrowing to the simple
But Tony’s not his main subject. Not tonight, anyway.
she says, somehow managing to convey exasperation and warmth at the same time.
The incident leaves the Avengers as a whole a little stunned, though; it’s been months since they last suffered any serious casualties on the team. They finish up the mission in uncharacteristic silence aside from Steve’s barked orders. The captain’s face is grim all through the debrief, and he doesn’t look at Tony once.
and yet immeasurably old his countenance is, open and vulnerable and worn down to the bone. He fiddles with the red-stained wrapping around his knuckles, breaking Tony’s gaze, and shakes his head silently. Something is obviously wrong.
The elevator doors are barely open before Tony is striding out, hands in the pockets of his worn jeans. Cap’s the only one on the floor, it seems; the slightly muffled sound of his blows falling unerringly on the bag echoes around the empty room, a steady rhythm that covers the sound of Tony’s light footsteps as he approaches.
Steve has a problem. And his problem comes in the form of a handsome, sharp-tongued billionaire superhero by the name of Tony Stark.
“Thank you. For the other night,” Steve says quietly. “You’re a good man, Tony Stark.”
“Permission granted, Mr. Stark,” he snaps.
Tony lashes out— “Permission to be dismissed, Captain?” —but he’s not expecting the way Cap’s face falls. Hurt, disappointment, regret—all flicker across his face in the briefest of seconds, before his brow furrows again. And anger Tony can deal with, anger and irritation and frustration are the things he expects from the captain, the things he knows. Rogers being angry is familiar to him. Or so he thinks.
A pause, in which Tony’s mind whirls, running through scenarios and possible outcomes, potential responses to that question swirling in a mad jumble of images. Then Steve shakes his head again, and his fingers ball into fists, and his face crumples.
It strikes Tony all at once how tired Rogers looks—how
Tony yelps, nearly dropping the bottle as he whirls around. In his defense, he’s still jumpy from the battle, hopped up on adrenaline, and Steve’s voice has the capacity to set his heart racing even on a normal day. “Christ on a bike, Rogers. What the hell are you doing down here?”
Tony exhales slowly, those simple words making some of the tension leave his body. He nods and presses his lips together, his chin dropping. “How did you…?”
Steve gives him a long look. “No,” he agrees eventually, voice calm. “It’s not.” Tony isn’t one to follow easily, and that used to aggravate him to no end. It often still does, but now, he’s growing used to it, learning to work with it—with
JARVIS sounds regretful, almost apologetic.
Because every time they’re in the same room together, Tony feels those blue eyes lock on him with unfailing accuracy. It’s intense, distracting, and borderline uncomfortable, being the focus of so much single-minded attention. He’s even more on edge and twitchy than normal, because every time he and Rogers make eye contact—hell, every time he feels that gaze on him—a flush burns the tips of his ears and the back of his neck, a hot, shivery feeling that twists down his spine and through the pit of his stomach. He can’t decide if he likes it or not, but one thing is certain.
Stunned silence follows, in which Tony just stares up at Steve, a frankly indescribable expression on his face. Then his mouth twists a little, and he snaps, “As soon as I can get out of this goddamn suit, I’m going to kiss you, just so you’re—aha!”
“Nothing much,” Steve says, and brandishes his sketchbook and art supplies. “Actually, I was hoping you’d let me sit down here and draw for a bit.”
“My pleasure.”
Tony splutters for a second. “
Stark, though…
Except maybe he does, Tony thinks, feeling those broad shoulders tremble under his hands.
A horrible blush spreads across Steve’s face, his cheeks blazing with warmth. He sputters a little, but there’s no point in denying it—she clearly already knows—so he just huffs and disconnects to the sound of her soft laughter.
He feels woefully unqualified to deal with this situation. A crying, exhausted super-soldier in his arms is an unknown variable. Not knowing what else to do, Tony rubs his back gently, making soothing circles over the cotton fabric of his T-shirt.
went wrong, would you look at that,” he points out irritably, going to step around him. “Look, I really don’t have the patience for this right now, so if you’ll excuse me—”
“So it
Tony grimaces. “EMP blast, and no, there’s not much I can do right now,” he says, looking distinctly unhappy about it. “Not until we get back to the Tower, anyway. What’s the status on the battle?”
“Copy that.” Steve ducks to dodge a hit from a Doombot, taking it down with a swift kick, and makes his way as quickly as possible to where Tony went down. His heart is pounding, fear gripping his chest, constricting his lungs.
is the only word that comes to mind, and Steve feels warm all over. “Time for me to hit the sack,” he says gently, taking a step closer. “Maybe you should follow my example.”
He thinks about it while he’s scrubbing dishes. He thinks about it while he’s out running. He even, sometimes, thinks about it during debriefs. And he thinks about it every damn time he looks at Tony. He’s mortified, unable to help wishing he had just said “screw it” and kissed Tony anyway when they’d been interrupted.
“Captain,” he says offhandedly, pleasant but with just a little too much teeth, and Steve’s stomach clenches. “S’that a problem?”
Tony is still giving him an odd look, hesitant and a bit hopeful. “Everything okay?”
“Have a good night, Stark.” Steve gives him an appraising glance, then turns and exits the lab, perfectly composed and looking for all the world like he did not just almost kiss Tony Stark in his workshop.
JARVIS is silent for another moment, which is concerning all on its own.
Tony’s arm fits around Steve’s waist like it was meant to go there, and wow, that is definitely
Stark turns as though he’s only just noticed Steve—and maybe he has. For a split second, perfect surprise is written in every line of his face, but Steve doesn’t have a chance to examine it properly before Stark’s expression hardens and cools, carefully arranged into indifference.
“Sure thing—” His eyes catch on the wings embellished on the sides of Steve’s cowl— “Winghead.”
They get into it, practically nose-to-nose as they so often are when Tony provokes him, and then Cap just… goes silent. He’s still glaring, sort of, but the lines on his forehead smooth out, eyes softening and roaming over his face with a disconcerting intensity. Tony’s stomach twists, fluttering in a way that, while not exactly unpleasant, is entirely unwelcome. He’s not one to back down from a fight, but for some reason in that moment he wants nothing more than to run away, to escape from the weight of those blue, blue eyes that seem to pin him in place. The worst part, he thinks, his heart beating double-time against the arc reactor in his chest, the worst part is that Rogers doesn’t seem angry anymore; instead, Tony has the intense and invasive feeling of being truly seen.
More than once while Steve is working on his drawing—he thinks an hour passes, maybe two, but he tends to lose track of time when he’s focused on something like this—he catches Tony sneaking curious glances at him out of the corner of his eye. The mechanic seems baffled by Steve’s presence to the point of distraction, and Steve tries not to smile.
SHIELD medical has, somehow, managed to send him pain pills, the bottle of which is currently sitting innocuously on Tony’s desk. Steve’s doing, no doubt. Tony glares at the bottle, but pops two pills anyway, swallows them dry and then reaches for his tumbler of whiskey to wash them down.
as Cap, never mind working on the same team as him or even so much as being in the same room. Nine times out of ten, it ends in bickering, in Tony posturing and snarking, in Steve annoyed and flushed pink. And Tony knows what to say to get under his skin. He can engineer his verbal jabs with the same precision as his tech, designed to be flippant enough to come across as bad jokes but at the same time meant to hurt. It’s another thing he’s good at, apparently.
He literally cannot stop thinking about it.
He really doesn’t want to think too hard about why.
That’s when everything starts to go downhill.
His gaze drops to Tony’s mouth, and Tony lets out a tiny, involuntary noise—whether of fear or of want, he isn’t sure. Steve leans a fraction of an inch closer, and Tony’s lips part, his lids fluttering shut, and—
“Tony,” Steve says, just to watch Tony swallow his own words, just to watch his lashes flutter. He loves the way Tony’s name rolls off his tongue, hard at the start and soft on its way to the end.
“That’s not what I—”
He doesn’t get to finish. Steve doesn’t let him, because he is kissing Tony again, passionate and deep even as his hands remain achingly tender on Tony’s face. Tony makes a sound, a tiny, choked-off whimper that punches heat right into Steve’s gut, and buries his hand in Steve’s hair, the other curling around his bicep.
uses the title, Steve can at least pretend it doesn’t make him feel the way it does—hot and prickly, almost, skin feeling stretched taut over his bones, uncomfortable and ill-fitting. (He wonders if he should feel so trapped by his alter ego, as he sometimes does; there are days when the shield is unbearably heavy, as though he is unworthy to bear its weight, and that tight feeling of wrongness gives the impression that the identity of Captain America is too big to fit inside Steve Rogers.) At least nobody knows how much he genuinely dislikes it at times.
That tiny detail, the physical evidence of Stark’s exhaustion, is captivating. It’s… humanizing, in a way, making Stark seem almost smaller than usual. Steve’s only half-aware that he’s outright
He isn’t quite sure what to do with that.
“Right.” Tony swallows hard, wrapping his arms around himself self-consciously. He already misses the warmth of Steve’s hands on his skin. “Duty calls, and… everything. See ya, Cap.”
Clint snaps over the comms.
Steve’s smile grows a little, and there’s the hint of a laugh in his voice when he says, “I will.”
He can hear someone audibly swallow. Wilson, Tony gathers. Still a little too clunky and noisy compared to the rest of them in the room.
Barnes still has his back to Tony, from when he turned to watch Natasha leave. His tensed shoulder however, slumps in defeat. Tony sees the way he brings both hands up to scrub at his face.
He runs trembling fingers through his hair, trying to push back the few strands that keep falling into his eyes but he’s shaking so much that it’s pathetically futile.
“- You think I chose half of the shit that happened to me?”
James childishly pokes his tongue out, turning around to wash his and Natasha’s mug.
They step out of the observation room; Barnes still drugged up to the gills until his bullet wounds heal and Bruce kindly let Tony know that his penthouse is destroyed while Steve winced.
“Yeah, you too.”
“Doesn’t mean we’re weak. If anything, it only means we’re stronger. To realise that, admit to ourselves and ask for help.”
What happens next is too quick to comprehend.
in the beginning, but he realises now, after only three weeks since their truce, he actually is happy.
Tony understands that the next time this happens, Rhodey will be there just like he always will, but he’s just tired of seeing Tony break his promises so,
A little more than a month and it’ll be Christmas. Next week, it’s Halloween. Tony started and stopped celebrating Halloween in MIT.
When Steve nods, he asks, “How many times did you come to find me?”
Tony remembers the first time he witnessed death; in the form of his parents’ cold bodies as the coffins closed and went six feet under the ground.
once, as far as Tony knows because Pepper up-ed the security after that – the point is, Steve Rogers
Doesn’t matter. Tony wants to be Bucky’s; rolls a gold band up his ring finger to deliver that point to the entire world and if that is his wish then Bucky gladly lets him have it. Slips a ring up Tony’s finger in return and he kisses ‘forever’ into Tony’s mouth.
“You know it wasn’t all about that.” He says, glancing at Tony’s holographic projections curiously.
So careful, like he’s scared he’d hurt Tony and it’s that thought that propels Tony to grab Steve’s hand and bring it to his lips.
Breathing harshly, Tony takes a step away from him. Brown eyes wild as he demands, “Let go.”
And then one day, he walks into the kitchen and finds Steve Rogers in there.
Steve rigid shoulders slump in defeat. Tony pulls up a chair and sits opposite him. He watches the way Steve’s lips purse and tremble when he huffs. He listens to the words they push out.
Tony probably scrapes his throat trying to swallow dryly and rasps out, “He doesn’t need fixing.”
Pinning Tony’s attention to him throughout his short story telling about the time when Wakanda hosted the ‘Rogues’, giving no slip off for Tony’s short attention span (maybe he learnt the trick from his special school for future Kings, but Tony has no idea how he does it).
If he’s worried about Steve, he wants to worry without thinking about the implications and meanings behind it.
Instead, he fists his own tingling hand and pockets it.
“Sorry, I don’t really know where to keep him,” Steve says abashedly, explaining why Bucky Barnes is now in the tower in Hulk’s containment, being treated by Bruce and Helen Cho.
A frantic horror dawns across his big purplish eyes as Thor picks up the gauntlet and cries in pain while snapping and–
fine with it. You’re not fine with -,”
“Already?” Pepper pipes up, 3/4
and he has no one to blame for the damage but himself.
to move on.”
relieved. He is so relieved that he could laugh because every single damned time this happens - he is afraid he will never get Bucky back so when he does; he feels like he could finally
Sam pilots back. Rhodey sits beside Wanda, supporting her head on his shoulder as she watches the clouds fade away.
Steve’s eyes are a brilliant shade of blue and they stay fixed on his as he fixes the strap, Tony’s collar and he says, “Sometimes when I look at you, what I feel shows and every time you catch that instance, you look away. You change topics or you do something absurd to burst the moment. Either you choose to pretend that you don’t know how I feel for you or you don’t feel the same so you’re trying to be polite for my sake.”
Tony stands, with his back against the bathroom door, he takes in the nervous way Steve looks at him.
2015, February 14
“Take care.” Rhodey says before he shoots up into the night sky, like a blinding star, growing further and further out of reach and Tony whispers a thank you after him.
“Hey, Tony!” Shuri beams, and Tony gives a wave, grateful that the call has now been switched to face-call (a holographic version of it), “I’m sending you the notes on that stuff we were - um - talking the other day.” She continues grinning at him, “Open it.”
T’Challa gives a short laugh. “The man who exceeds expectations, of course.”
“No problem, sweetheart,” he whispers into damp curls, combs them back again and kisses the exposed skin. Then he looks Bucky in the eyes and says seriously, “We’re calling Jo tomorrow morning.” Jo being Dr Josephine Iyer.
"No," Tony draws the line. "You say that one more time and I'm going straight back to the shop."
Does it glow as bright as the reactor does in Tony’s chest? Where, while inside, it’s pitch black, outside, Tony burns bright?
Wanda agrees to enrol.
with all of his super soldier strength, that the pitiful remains of Tony’s pathetic heart crumbled and
He redirects his focus to Natasha, still waiting for the answer to his question.
He berates himself, just as he opens his bedside drawer and reaches for the flip phone.
Tony’s hand mapped a journey from the tips of Steve’s fingers, over the length of his arm and up his back and he held Steve by his nape, kissed him until he’s breathless and he whispered, “The feeling’s mutual.”
Then he whispers, “I’m so happy you’re here,” into Tony’s ear making Tony blush fifty shades of red and his heart go
Tony doesn’t want to sacrifice them.
“Maybe if you ask nicely.” He suggests, bringing his fingers to brush over a stray mist coated golden leaf on the mowed lawn.
“Dammit,” Rhodey says, “Here I was planning on giving him a shovel talk and -,”
But the result of that law is Tony cracking his eyes open - from where he lies on Steve’s lap - the minute Steve answers his phone with a serious ‘Rogers’ (which means it’s either Fury or Maria) and getting an evil idea.
but an empty shell.
“It’s him, wasn’t it?” He asks.
But will he really?
tw: blood, violence, mentions of body mutilation (basically a decapitated head that’s all)
“Try harder.” He repeats what once was said to him by his father’s acquittance (read: Nick Fury).
Something flickers to life in Tony’s body at the sight of another human in his space. I’m not alone, he thinks numbly.
“I know I’m imposing, Mr Stark. But I saw you. On the day of the battle, and I witnessed the Captain throughout his stay with us and after the battle ended. One year on the road didn’t change the man from the first time he sought help for his friend from us. I’m seeing you today and the fact that you remain just as broken as the day I saw you all those months ago is why I’m bringing this issue into light, Mr Stark. It’s best if the two of you put your pasts in your past. Instincts tell me that both of you are better being friends than enemy -,”
It’s returning home. It’s retracing the codes that make up his own existence. It’s natural.
Proximal communal fracture of right radius. Whatever Steve hit or got hit by, was no joke if it’s taking this long to heal.
“What do you mean, you can feel it?” Tony asks in carefully controlled tone.
It’s a curious thing and Tony’s partly pissed at his two-faced act so he doesn’t feel bad about forcing himself on the man who’s clearly trying to steer away from him.
He receives from Pepper when he asks if she wants to go on an impromptu vacation with him.
“Underappreciated -,” Pepper goes on dramatically, as Tony closes the door behind them, beaming at her.
day, and it gives way to the worst of worse assumptions.
So many apologies still stored in him, for he’s sorry for so many things when it comes to Tony.
“He asked you to re-do it.”
“Not when I believe in it, it’s not.”
He grappled for Steve but couldn’t find him. He tries not to worry about JARVIS, confident he’ll find his own way back but -
With that thought, Tony slips into a deep slumber.
If she expected Tony to be angry, or shocked, or in any way reacting with an emotional score between seven and ten, she doesn’t get it.
“Uh, huh. Sure,” Tony scrunches up an anomaly and tosses it into a holographic rubbish bin. “Does anyone point it out though?”
He knows
They come to a start whenever he pauses, head whipping up and around because he thought he smelled Steve. It’s pathetic, but that’s normal for Tony.
But all that get chased down soon when Steve cups a hand over his cheek and rubs a thumb beneath Tony’s eye so gently, it makes him ache for more.
They decide, January.
He wipes the counter.
Tony considers it for a minute before he decides, “Good.”
Steve gives a concerned look in Tony’s direction but Tony refuses to meet his eyes. Whatever it is, this is
The curve of his ears and how soft the lobes feel to touch – how softer they feel on tongue.
And Tony, for the first time - because even in his armour, he only ever comes levelled to Steve's height - much taller than Steve, discovers the appeal of the other side.
And again.
“What the fuck is wrong with him?” Rhodey comes back with a sour look on his face, gaze fixed on Steve nuzzling into Tony’s neck.
He reached the tower before the sun went down with anxious energy and general distrust at his own self, so he clicked some buttons and got Pepper to come over.
The other, the man is a very blue, hairy… well, gentle giant; speaks Tony’s language too. Tony hates to pick a favourite but he’s already leaning towards McCoy over there.
“Do you even know how to fight mutants? What if they spit fire??”
“I’m so sorry, baby. I’m so, so, sorry.” He sobs, forehead meeting Steve’s own as he cradles his face.
“Ask Tony to bring Peter too.”
“Go!”  He tilts his head meaningfully towards the exit. Steve laughs again. But this time, he complies.
Tony snorts. It’s not the group that needs therapy, it’s them; Rogers and him.
Tony laughs, red tie lying diagonally across his chest, clad in silky baby blue shirt that stretches taught over his torso, suit jacket spilling ink black under him, over the stark white sheet of a displayed mattress.
at them.
He’s not too dumb to not know about Pepper and Natasha’s friendship. It’s a scary thought. But death is scary and that’s pretty real too.
And Tony can hear the smirk in his voice even if he couldn’t quite see it alright. He wants to throw the wrench at him, childishly.
- because isn’t it about time that he stops.
“What the fuck?” He asks, still feeling a little faint. He couldn’t even spot James until the lunatic raises a hand and says, “Here.”
“Hey, tell me how the date went.” He engages her, hoping he’ll buy himself enough distraction to push away the prototype of Captain America’s shield lying just beneath the stack of paper – Ah. No luck then.
It’s Tony’s turn to appreciate the floor now. He taps incessantly over the reactor, not even aware he’s doing it. Digging his nails into his palms, he tries valiantly for a smile, focused on Steve’s bare feet.
He’s so beautiful. Unbelievably so, and yet, there he is, calling Tony the beautiful one.
But Rhodey’s not the only one who has been paying them attention.
Steve chuckles dryly, ducking his head before looking up.
But Tony hears it nonetheless. They’re brothers and that’s what they do.
Steve shudders. The elevator door splits open and Tony steps out.
“Don’t drink without me.” The helmet closes, the eye slits come to life.
Steve doesn’t even bother to sympathize Tony, merely walking towards Rhodey with his stupid smile and his stupid happy face. For a man with broken arm, it’s an over stretch.
Which is the other thing. Through the decade Tony had known Pepper, she had never watched a single TV show before.
At the exact time Steve exhales, a sure,
. Not again. Not after everything.
“The day you were overdosed.” She swallows. “He was the one who found you.” Tony freezes.
Even if it means, he has to clean vomit from his toes, strip Bucky naked and guide him into a tub of warm water and then strip himself and get in with him when Bucky sinks dangerously low to drown himself.
breaks her paper weight on his way out of her office.
If you look out the window, you can see the barn cum garage and Tony’s been there earlier this afternoon, checking on their tractor, speaking with Fury about stuff and he’d came out of there for hours now but there was a thought he had when he was still inside:
, do not share the closeness that you may share with Steve Rogers. If you’re friends with him, why don’t you talk with
"Come on, Charles," she ushers the boy away with a haughty accent, turning around from a distance to give one more disapproving look in Bucky's direction.
“Yeah. But…,” Steve trails off, pinning the last roll and dropping it with the other on the floor. He looks up at Tony, hunching forward in the bench and clasping his hands in front.
And maybe Steve cries during his speech, maybe Jim Rhodes sniffles and Happy blows too hard into his handkerchief, but they won’t talk about it until next week.
He compartmentalizes.
Steve’s head whips up in surprise. Tony shrugs and continues.
These days, “Are you staying?” has transformed into “Are you leaving?”. That’s how much time Tony spends time at the compound. He’s probably practically living there.
“You burnt your fingers again,” he comments idly, and Tony hums distractedly.
Bucky buries his face back in his hands and groans, "Now you're really asking for it, doll."
From New York to Siberia to this morning in the Avengers’ Compound.
But for the starter, he asks – or, to be precise,
about that.
Tony blinks, understandably taken aback. Steve doesn’t blame him. It’s a rather new and odd request. They’re fine with cuddling in front of TV and sharing kisses but sitting on lap? That’s surprising.
He wonders what she sees. He sees his old, battered self there; beaten, bloodied and broken.
“Military habit, fellas?” He asks, shutting his car’s door with silent thud.
Steve takes a wet inhale and pries himself away from Tony in answer.
But what he likes isn’t always what he gets.
“If he hadn’t, Tony. You would – I -,” She stammers, shaking her head wordlessly. Tony ducks his own head in latent shame.
, Tony recalls with a harrowing realisation. It’s not Steve’s fault.
Pink streaks circle prettily, one, two, three, four; matching the size of Natasha’s thin fingers. He sighs and looks up at the other man.
In the kind of life they lead, whether they like it or not, death is
The way his lips are pressed tight against one another, cutting the circulation and making them appear paler.
At least, that’s what Tony believes.
Then, not so long after, Vision… God, if Tony loses – If Steve – If, god, if something happens to Steve, despite their dispute, regardless of his broken heart, even if it was in those times when Tony was convinced, he hated Steve, he could
He sees how grave had crawled its way into what Steve and Tony had once built around them. The way forlorn, and despair had bloomed and made their home in there.
Tony keeps his eyes fixed on him, his thoughts on the sweet taste of Natasha’s scent on his tongue and he says, “He almost died because of me.”
Steve could go due to the serum and he sure did insinuate that with an embarrassing wink.
As the end credit for the final episode rolls, Pepper turns to Tony and asks him if he’s happy.
It’s mint.
Most days, when he’s on his back staring at the blue glow on the ceiling of his bedroom, he believes he’s warranted all the hurt he’d been through.
He’s old enough to dictate his life and pick his choices and he - he -
To Steve, he swallows the last mouthful of ham and cheese sandwich with hot coffee and wishes, “Good morning.”
Tony glanced at him, in the process of rolling his sleeves up after losing the jacket and he chuckled, “Wouldn’t have a piano if I don’t play it would I?” He flung the tie over one shoulder and sat on the bench. He patted the space next to him.
A couple of buildings; one which is obviously used for teaching by the flocks of kids running around and another separated one that is more secluded in the background.
Tony wonders what’s she’s thinking; he’s sure she’ll share when and if she wants to, but still, he wonders.
And Tony leaves her to it, putting all his trust on her and he doesn’t wait. He has somewhere else to be. He shakes off the hands holding him back, and it’s Steve; his voice echoes his march; a pleading cry of “Tony, don’t!”
Natasha still excuses herself to bathroom or somewhere from time to time (Tony knows she misses Barton like a limb).
He would at least not have to deal with the aftermath of a panic attack; no sweating, no shaking, no tachycardia.
His brain is numb, its usual cacophony of thoughts following the example of the void inside in chest; silent.
He doesn’t mention that aloud but it’s been in the forefront. Especially, increasingly, with every night he spends around Steve.
“You’re doing better now -,”
But Tony’s shock lasts barely a minute. His grouchiness returns and he huffs again, short and pissy. He’s still mad about his SI work; something about R&D’s incompetence and the board’s fussiness. Steve doesn’t understand business or engineering but he understands Tony just well.
T’Challa regards him for a long while, as if he’s deciding what to say next. Whatever he decides, gives him the pinched look like he’d tasted something bitter, but the resignation of his decision is concrete in the curve of his shoulders.
“Careful there, Bruce may take offends.” Tony jokes dryly.
that, under imminent threat, he had wanted to live.
She’s mildly more withdrawn than she has been in the morning, throughout their lunch, visiting the school, more introductions – this time between his people and Tony’s people - and Charles offering them rooms to bunk in for the night.
It’s Natasha and Rogers. Sounds like she’s stopping him from seeking out Tony and in that moment, he’s briefly grateful to have Natasha on his side.
How much of effort he had put into himself and how much of that, the universe is rewarding him for.
But there he is, stripped bare and in turn, he’s stripping Steve as bare as well; quickly looking like he’s going to break him and that is why.
just trying to help.
He carefully deletes the same person from his recollection until he reaches the RAFT and he stutters to a stop.
“Only if you want, Wanda,” Steve reminds gently.
It’s only when Tony gives a curt nod and stilted promise of “I promise we’ll work on this,” that T’Challa moves.
Tony has had his fair share of alcohol - never crossed the line because Howard did and he told himself since he knew how to make a wish that he would never be that man.
“Thanks.” He says, looking up into a pair of curious eyes.
Luck and Natasha don’t favour him for so long.
When he opens them again - a minute after, according to the timer in his brain – Steve’s watching him, misty blue eyes and clenched jaw, the muscle at the far corner twitching, but his shoulders are hunched in defeat and pain.
“I’m not sleepy,” he confided.
“Pending on the prognosis. Multiple organ laceration; I just drained his pericardial sac and stabilised his heart -,”
The gentleness with which he cradles Tony’s hand in his own and caresses the burnt skin with his fingertips.
2014, Christmas, hot chocolate, vanilla ice cream, heat cranked up high in the workshop, fleece blanket strewn over couch as Steve sketched what he pleased. Scent of old book mingled with metal, pain smeared over wrench; belongings blending in, there may have been long lingering looks between chattering.
Tony waits till everyone is off the jet before he steps out but immediately gets the scare of his life when a bright yellow ball of energy makes a landing right in front of him.
Tony gives her an eye roll and to Rhodey, “You don’t know what I call him in the bedroom.”
“That’s not what I meant -,”
And Tony knows all about how Pepper is fierce when it comes to her friends.
When the clock beeps at five, neither is asleep to be awaken.
ofc, there will be the shovel talk from rhodey as well ;)
And Steve reels back, shaken by the unexpected venom dripping from his friend. Or who used to be his best friend – he doesn’t know where they stand anymore. Not after how everything changed – don’t know what caused it even – after Tony returned from Belgium a fortnight ago, and he started treating Steve differently. Worse than he used to before they were friends – No.
The reactor was, what Tony prefers to call, a medical necessity.
Tony can’t shy away from admitting they’re friends now
Tony rolls his eyes fondly, starting anew. Repeating the story in a more dulcet tone as Steve nods and smiles at places.
“It’s as gorgeous as I remember.” Sam whistles lowly as he walks down the landing pad. Shaking his head at Peter who bounds by waving enthusiastically at Shuri and surprisingly, at Okoye who blows a kiss at him.
2015 August 30
“Aliens? Didn’t even question it. Think I lost the capability to be surprised after everything.” Barnes shrugs, wiping the grease around his metal fingers.
“Pepper updated me. It’s on that condition that I don’t follow you everywhere you go.” Steve confesses, head ducked down.
He hates – hated – Steve once. He just misses him now.
She’s dressed up, semi casual, for something that does not spell business or a hang out with an old friend.
You see, this is entirely Steve’s fault (“He started this!” Tony would claim, but remember: chicken and egg.). Last night, he walked into the shop with the noble intention of getting Tony into bed at an appropriate time - a sweet, concerned boyfriend, blah, blah, wonderful.
He holds onto her words to think about later. As for the moment, he laughs when Sam tries to smash Barnes’ face with his bare hand and she laughs with him.
Tony stops. And he looks at Steve.
Hence why now, Tony starts walking two fingers from the high of Steve’s thighs to his hip, slipping them under his shirt and smiling sweetly when Steve looks down at him.
Either way, he drives to the compound. Out of the blue, on a Thursday afternoon. The urge to talk to Rogers – Steve (damn, he has to make up his mind soon) flaring like the heat of mid-summer.
He takes a moment to observe the rest of his team’s reaction; Rhodey is on guard, but is steadily loosening. Wilson seems to share his emotion.
Okoye and Nakia give her the eye of approval while Peter and Shuri argue about the latest Yeezy, surrounded by, and lounging on Vibranium infused techs.
Honestly, Tony’s hoping for former, if only for Wanda’s sake.
After Tony prattled away about his adventure to Wakanda with as much filtered information he can manage, she munches around a paneer tikka and asks him casually, “Did you see Steve?”
It’s been a while since the
The next time, and the
When he re-enters, his unannounced guest looks at him. Tony thinks about trying for a smile but he couldn’t.
“I can find something else -,” He begins to offer.
“I know I’m an asshole, Natasha. But you’re putting me on a higher pedestal here by assuming the worst.” He puts away the dried plate, tosses the towel and starts on storing the dried dishes. “This is not a soap opera and I’m not that petty bitch seeking revenge on her ex by sleeping with his best friend.”
Slowly, eventually, Bucky relaxes. He even returns the hug; holding on just as tight and he’s so warm and perfect and Tony had dreamt of being this way with him so often for so long in the deep crevices of the darkest nights that he’s afraid if he lets go, he’ll lose it all.
After Thanksgiving dinner, Tony spends a night in the compound. Willingly, unforced, unrelated to any kind of obligations.
At least, now he’s starting to look a bit chastised.
Tony tries to bring dinner to her office when she cannot visit his penthouse, but most of the times, she’s abroad and he’s alone and boredom has never sit well with him; past, present, future, all accounted for.
“Hey.” He calls, presenting the leaf he’d pocketed outside when Steve looks up.
The man hums thoughtfully, “Do you want to talk about it?” he asks when Tony’s silent.
Her matching floral skirt is too.
“What’s going on?” He asks, not bothering to beat around the bush anymore. He’d done it for the last two weeks and he’s tired. “Tony.” He presses when no response comes.
It’s not right.
. A fuck ton lot.
“How long?” Tony asks.
Barnes shrugs. Tony bites the inside of his cheek, sinking into the nearest chair with a frown on his face.
Tony watches until he’s at the door frame and when he turns around to take a look at Tony one more time, Tony says, “Be safe.”
When Tony turns his face into his palm and kisses the inside of his wrist, it’s apparently all Steve needs to scoop him and pull Tony into him with an exhale that sounds very much like a relieved sigh.
Regardless. It’s nice.
“Somewhere more private?”
He’s not mad per say, especially after that name calling because that is something Tony appreciates with a strange fondness. Coming from James who had taken so long to even speak his mind, this is pure affection. Not the knife throwing kind that Sam gets but Tony’s good with this amount.
“Who’s going?” Rhodey asks them both.
“Come home, Tony.”
“Steve’s going with you?”
, “I know, Tony.”
As for Rhodey, Wilson and Steve, Charles keeps them huddled in one corner with his stories.
2015 July 4
“Slow down, eager beaver. She’s not running away. In fact, I don’t think she physic-,”
“Boss, Miss Potts is asking for you.”
He can’t believe he did this.
Some more muffled arguments later, T’Challa speaks up, “Fine,” he sighs. “This Saturday noon. Do not be late. The gate closes after a minute.”
It made you happy didn't it? So you keep on walking. Don't hate it. Don't stay buried. Just - Every time you fall, you know you have to get up again and you learn something new too; like maybe, remember to look down sometimes, check the ground, don't just look up at the sky.
Pepper – and Happy who has to drive her over (Tony wonders, if given the choice, would Happy come at all for him).
But the hour ends and the name never comes up even once and Tony retires to his room, utterly bewildered by the turn of the event that he forgets he had said “Thank you” to her before he left.
Rhodey fixes him with a pair of worried eyes. “I asked if you’re ready. We’re boarding if -,”
He doesn’t know why Steve has to know, but Steve
, Tony tells it, shovelling a forkful of curry into his mouth.
Tony raises an eyebrow. Barnes half shrugs, a smirk pulling at the corner of his mouth.
“For you,” she passes a tiny emerald box.
sorry. I’m
“It’s not bossing around. I forgot a detail and Jim kindly asked me to correct it,” Steve answers coolly from his desk, fit snuggly next to Tony’s side of the bed.
The chair bounces forth with a loud creak. Tony grips onto the table’s edge to stabilize himself.
“Boss?”
The World Council prints out rules and regulations; nothing too new but even the old ones can be disarming.
He uses that to blast Tony off; widespread purple ray hitting him straight in the chest, he thinks for a blinding second, that this maybe
“Mr Stark,” Rogers starts, looking harried yet sounding composed. “I need to look at the surveillance footage.”
2015 August 30
For a long moment, he simply stands there and breathes. Every single muscle in his body tense with guilt but they can’t help but bask in; the hollow within him quivering with each inhale of Steve’s scent.
Pepper opens a bottle of non-alcoholic champagne to celebrate his survival. Rhodey had patted him on the back before he left the compound. Bruce decided to follow him back to the tower to look over Tony’s latest reading on space mechanics.
“He was right here when I walked in.” Steve shrugs.
“Where else would he go?” Tony shrugs, adjusting the strap holding his broken left arm for the nth time.
Pepper eyes him cautiously.
Three days after, he plugs in the armour to charge in a shitty hotel and stares at himself in the mirror; blank face, shirtless with a bloody abdomen and a bruised shoulder.
Something stutters in his chest and for a brief moment, he thinks of the broken pieces of his heart before he remembers that the vault is now, empty. But something. Something
The King stands up, but doesn’t make a move to leave. Tony lifts his eyes from the ground, only because he wonders if it’s some weird Wakandan custom where people don’t leave until you look at them. But apparently T’Challa was merely waiting to hold his gaze before he delivers his final blow.
He pulls Steve with him as Steve gives, tumbling slightly into his designated room, while the man himself follows him dumbly.
The realisation makes the spoon slip out of his grasp and clatter loudly, interrupting the quiet buzz of their team dinner. Tony apologizes, but Steve’s eyes linger on him, concerned.
“I do.”
Even Thanos, the Mad Titan from wherever the fuck he came from, Tony doesn’t even know. Never even heard of him for more than the 72hours time frame he had to prepare for an incoming fight. But the
“Steve.”
When he finds his voice, Tony fists the fabric overlying his left breast, head buried in warmth and he lets out a pained growl. “Don’t ever do that again.”
“She’s right. We didn’t raise you like that.” Rhodey sidles up, with his beer bottle and a platter of bruschetta.
. For his wealth and all his belongings; where should they go when he’s dead.
Tony sucks a breath in, the cold bowl in his grasp now slippery with sweat and no longer as cold but he clutches on to mask the tremble that has taken over his fingers upon said memory.
But the thing is, it doesn’t matter if she asked him yesterday, or today, or tomorrow. Tony realises that he will never know the answer to that.
“I knew Steve was following you, Tony. I know I should have stopped him the moment I found out – I did. I warned him off. But he was relentless and you kept vanishing off my radar and when I couldn’t reach you, he was the only one able to keep track of you. He pulled you out of some real sticky situations several times and selfishly – I hated him still. God, Tony. I didn’t talk to him or kept in contact with him – but I could sleep at night knowing he was watching over you. It’s so selfish, Tony. I know. I’m sorry. You can be mad at me, I just -,”
He’d opted to not bring up Rogers with this guy. Maybe he should, who knows, but he doesn’t trust this man enough to open that far yet.
He doesn’t remember most of it but when he does, he’s been in a recovery home (milder version of psychiatric hospital) with five other well-to-do people like him, a receptionist who shares the mansion along with two doctors and two nurses, and it has been a month in there.
There was a trap. You didn't realise there was a trap there, and you fell and it's shocking but you stand up, dust yourself off and you climb out and you keep walking down that same beautiful road.
In the brutal heat of Afghanistan, when he woke up with a machine in his chest, he laughed.
The vile part in him hisses,
If so far, almost nothing Tony has seen in Steve has changed, he wonders if that secret habit of his also remains the same.
“Captain,” Rhodey warns.
to, with dire need that clawed at the very centre of his being and he did.
Steve’s rather visible mark on him.
Tony stares back confidently – for what Steve lacks, he has enough for them both - the remnant of his own glee still evident on the upturn of his lips.
“It’s not like that.” He tells her, once everyone has gone with their business leaving only the two of them in the kitchen.
“Tony.” Steve croaks. He’s still shaking, Tony notes. Problem is, they both are.
Tony forces a smile out for him, revelling in the thought how less forceful and more natural it feels on his lips.
He offers her a mug of tea to announce his presence. She accepts it without really looking at him.
It’s just unimaginable is what it is. The amount of pain she’s shouldering at such a tender age.
Now, she only takes what she needs and Tony, who used to wear his walls like skin, lets her in easily.
Tony shakes his head, “Getting there. I think.” He adds, recounting last night.
A bubble of laughter bursts out of Tony and before they knew it, both of them are bent over laughing their heads off. Damn, has it been so long since they’ve bickered like this.
Dirty. Considering how nothing spicy happened once they reached the bed; Steve tricked him to sleep with the persuasive superpower he shot from his big blue puppy eyes.
Even after he’s done mapping Steve’s ear. Downwards to his jaw and to his neck –
“I hope you don’t take this as an excuse to leave the team, Mr Stark. If there’s anything I’ve learnt from this talk, it’s that you’re incredibly inclined to assume the
and longingly, it wants Steve Rogers.
She’s not. She’s smiling.
In a weird, twisted, aching way. In a way where he knows well that the endgame will be annihilation, he wants to give Steve Rogers another chance.
“I know right.” Tony beams at him.
He asks Jarvis for his email folder and finds a bunch from
She’s theirs; once an Avenger, always an Avenger, as Steve would say.
“Huh?” He jerks, almost dropping the open tumbler with its scalding hot content all over himself.
Tony’s surprised, sure. But he’s not surprised she asked him that. He’s more surprised that she’s asking it now.
Pepper gnaws on her lower lip, uncaring of the perfect streak of maroon on it as she regards Tony guiltily.
“How’re you flying,” Tony asks stupidly before he remembers at the quirk of Danvers’ amused brow and he goes, “Ah, of course.”
All of which breezes past Tony’s apathy as he sprawls over whichever piece of furniture he’s made to and stares emptily at a distance while whomever Pepper has recruited in her mission to make Tony better rambles on and on about something he really doesn’t give a fuck about.
Where was Steve Rogers when Tony needed him?
Steve may remain unchanged – at least physically if not mental – but the same can’t be said for Tony.
And Tony lets him go. Breath heaving as he rolls off of Steve, brushing hair out of his eyes. "You asked for this." He tells his panting boyfriend; red in the face, hair mussed, spilling soft all over his face and he looks so precious that Tony has to just cup his face and smack a kiss on his grinning mouth.
There’s a period between Steve’s departure and Rhodey’s arrival that Tony feels slightly unhinged. Prone to stupidity more than usual and he refuses to call Pepper because she deserves better.
Except for Tony, they were all once a
2015 July 4
He waits until after dinner to seek her out. She’s by the largest tree in the compound’s lawn.
It’s 2013 with the night lights on and the full moon out. Tony crawled out of his workshop because he needed coffee but he found solace in bonding with Steve Rogers instead.
But the more he thinks about it, the least he thinks those possibilities are going to stop him from what he has in his mind.
Happy drives him somewhere, his stuffs packed into a luggage and stored in the boot of the car while Pepper holds his head on her lap in the backseat.
He tilts his head. Then sighs, dropping the wrench with a loud clang that stops Tony in the midst of pulling apart the newly repaired armour so he can re-do it all over again. Trying to find solace in a numbing routine.
If Thor is to call this a home, it’s a very broken one.
Rhodey’s by his side when he calls Charles Xavier; a bald man in a wheelchair who smiles too much when he talks.
Bucky straightens up, scrubs his face raw and he sweeps the perimeter with one quick glance before he lands his hand on Tony's ankle.
The wobble in her words sometimes and the rigid way she often held herself as if determined to not let life push her down because she could collapse with a kiss of breeze to her pink cheek.
Exasperated fondness so familiar in the way he says it, but the heavy tinge of darkness there… that makes it a distinct stranger to his ears.
Tony apologizes as much. Says something along the line of
It was so damned difficult to put behind all those toxicity swirling in his brain, flush it down and resolutely walk away without looking back. It was harder than giving up alcohol and drugs.
As in, he helps around with the chores even though he doesn’t actively jog or bench presses or what other shit.
Steve slides two cups of tea in their direction and Tony takes his with a smile.
“Breathe.” He tells him, eyes still closed, and when Steve does, visibly sagging into the bed, Tony lets his lips stretch into a smile for him.
“They’re very nice.” She says, breaking their silence with a soft murmur.
And when he sees her eyes; red rimmed and sad, he remembers what she had said once. About the way he loved:
Tony winds his arms around Steve's neck and asks, "How about now?". And he can feel the answer pressing against him, can feel his own pressing in return.
His own shoulders hunching and curling around Tony, pulling them ridiculously closer until they’re hugging, god, they’re
They welcome Tony with a nod each, no words exchanged.
Instead, he turns around, already making his leave. Steve hastily promises Fury, rising from his own chair and he hurries after Tony.
With that in mind, he shrugs to Barnes’ quiet, “Do you mind?” He has a book in one hand and a gun in his holster.
use to bring out the best in him.
It hurts, yes. But even hurt, when you can understand the reason, it digests easily in your system.
On Sunday morning, he finds himself the third to arrive in the kitchen, first two being Rogers and his buddy Barnes.
fault, Tony!” Steve yells, shutting Tony up.
They talk about all the times Tony had been or felt like he’d been assaulted or abused and hurt. He tells her about Afghanistan and New York. He tells her about Pepper and Extremis and watching Maya Hensen shot to death in front of him and she
“You’re most welcome, boss.”
Barnes smooths the corrected dent and places it aside before he nods.
Rhodey gives another shudder into his tea.
The worst, is when
“We all are. It’s not a sound decision if you make any now. Go home. Rest. I’ll call you later. It’s an order.”
They stand like that for a while, listening to the crickets and frogs harmonizing in the back yard, breathing in cinnamon spiced air and basking in the toasty warmth from the heater blasting away the dipping temperature outside.
Tony snorts, watching Steve spit it out all while glaring at Sam, but is soon distracted when Shuri says his name.
In retrospect, he should have taken a second to push all those thoughts away before he closed his eyes.
“Let me know if I have to give a shovel talk,” Rhodey says conversationally, stepping into his War Machine armour.
over. No more attempts at damaging Earth – at least for now, no more.
“Everything bothers me, Tony.” Bruce snaps at him.
“And you put a fierce fight over that.” He smirks, old memories sweeping to the forefront. “Still do!” he points a finger at Steve.
There’re no gates surrounding her heart when she’s around them these days. Especially since Barnes, and that’s a beautiful thing Tony’s been blessed to watch.
“Pepper?”
Because -
He contemplated leaving but then he remembered that he owned the place, so he pulled his nose high up the air and marched into space.
Steve hums agreeably, letting the topic drift to an end.
Two days later, he finds out what actually Steve wants. Catches Tony numb in the process of washing dirt and the inside of someone’s cheek - from when he’d hooked his fingers too deep - under his fingernails when Steve leans against the bathroom door and says,
Steve’s face falls. “I can’t today.” He winces. “Nat and I are heading for a recon. The Council called in late last night and we’ll be leaving before six. Sorry.”
They put on their suits and visit paediatrics centres. Some orphanages and at night, they shed their uniforms for a round at the soup kitchen.
“I never stopped,” He says softly, the hunch is back on his shoulders. The twist in his face, pleading for Tony to understand. “After Bucky got into cryo, I -,” He shrugs as if it isn’t a big deal.
“Gone.” Pepper replies dryly, “For hours. And here I am, unpaid… attention. For all the effort and time I give for -,”
But this time, it’s just his scent. The waft of mild spices mildly lingering in layers of earthy freshness that has always been, Steve.
close that Tony can feel the hot air that blows when Steve parts his lips under his thumb.
I never meant, never wanted to cause you pain, or to make you feel like you’re not worth it, because you
well, funny story, but i forgot them? just slipped my mind for some reason. any chance i can see you again to get them back for real this time?
. He'd spent so many years fighting them, and another year trying to convince himself the fight was over when apparently it wasn't at all.
Then Phil does look at him, and Steve's breath hitches at what he sees on his face.
"We'd be on the front page of every newspaper," Tony says dreamily. "'Drunken billionaire carried out by handsome, gallant stranger.' You'll have the whole city going nuts trying to find you and take your picture."
"Half an hour to go," he tells Steve, voice low and full of intent.
The thing is, he sounds pissed, but he's still holding Steve's hand, and that is the only thing that really matters. Surely if he was that disgusted and disappointed, he'd have stormed out by now? At the least, he wouldn't still be touching Steve like he wants to keep him.
Sam's jaw drops open, releasing the tiniest squawk, before he pulls himself together and glares at Steve. "I'ma school your ass tomorrow," he threatens. He looks like a puffed-up baby falcon. It's kind of adorable.
Shawn might be short, but what he lacks in height, he makes up in intent. His touches are sure, confident; he presses just hard enough for Steve to feel him, licks into Steve's mouth like he's preparing to lay him asunder, and it's so helplessly arousing that Steve just opens for him and lets him take whatever he wants. A hand slides down his hips, palming his hardening dick, and Steve moans into Shawn's mouth, hitched and high and needy.
Tony Stark, who is late.
"Six hundred is good for tonight," he hears himself say. His mouth goes on to add, "double that for an event beforehand."
"Come on, help me out here," Tony mutters with a frustrated expression. "I need to get you naked
"Some," Steve concedes wryly. "Though, rarely in so swanky a place. You do well for yourself, huh."
"Hey, I was thinking, ice cream?" Tony says, sliding his damp hands through his hair and rubbing them together to dry them as he settles back into his chair.
She distributes a handful of old-style walkie-talkies amongst them, and Steve has to fight off a wave of nostalgia at the sight.
"Yes," Steve replies, wondering how he could explain that it smells like the soap Peggy used whenever they were near a source of clean and abundant water. "It reminds me of my great-aunt's perfume."
The armour cracks open from the inside, releasing Tony like a lobster shell. He's wearing dress pants and a shirt, like he was midway to changing for their dinner when he got the call. Steve wishes he didn't feel the urge to pin him to the wall and kiss him stupid.
tony, i’m sorry to break this to you, i’ll try to be gentle but
; possibly the greatest human invention, because even if it takes Steve half an hour to type a page's length, it still means he can reach through space and talk to starmichaeltrynion, who apparently feels
"That's what Peggy used to say," he says wistfully.
"Nope," he sing-songs. "I'm not interested in your delusions."
Steve throws his head back and laughs. "My plans for the evening do not include getting arrested for public indecency, Mister Stark."
Steve
"Copy," Phil says, then the line cuts off again.
There's really no confusing it when Steve's skin flushes all over. He squirms on the barstool, feeling it drag over his balls that suddenly feel oversensitive.
He takes a step closer and lifts the shield from Natasha's hands. In the background, he hears the agents exhale.
Steve acquiesces, helping Tony strip him in a few economic motions. Tony lies back over him, staring at Steve's dick rising towards his face in fascination.
Steve shrugs, feeling self-conscious. "The guys led a good life. And Bucky, well, at least it was fast and clean."
"Oh," Steve says faintly. Tarren grinds sinuously against his front, and then there is a hand curling over the nape of his neck, and Tarren slowly pulls him down into a firm, wet, open-mouthed kiss. He sucks on Steve's tongue, and Steve finds himself moaning into it, smelling aftershave and a hint of shaving cream and the tang of fresh sweat.
"Something fresh?" he requests, quirking a self-deprecating smile.
Steve leaves the apartment laughing. Well. This is a vastly better outcome than the one he'd been predicting, especially if someone had tried to make him play word associations. Either Sam is brilliant at his job (which, obviously), or Steve has just been waiting for an excuse to talk about all this stuff – or for a person to turn up who Steve could trust to take what he was going to lay on them.
The suit spreads open, and Tony climbs inside without hesitation. Steve watches as the armour closes around him from his limbs to his chest, the faceplate coming down last over Tony's elated expression. "Come on up, kid. I won't drop you, I promise."
He does not call back and cancel. Instead, on Saturday around one, he is wandering around the section closest to the shop front, trailing his fingers over soft, soft cotton, when a very warm hand lands on his shoulder blade.
i’m going into class now
its 8 am
All in all, it is a surprisingly pleasant afternoon. Steve had worried about having nothing to talk about, or awkwardness setting in, since their interactions so far haven't exactly been under normal circumstances. But Tony is
well what else am i supposed to think?
-------
Sam crosses himself. "Jesus, Mary, and Joseph," he whispers, looking sick. "Oh, man. No wonder you're fucked up all to hell."
"Okay, Tony."
support system, who
"What a douche," Tony mutters. "At least when I act like everyone is hanging on my every word, it's usually true."
"We're not in danger, are we?" Tony asks, batting his lashes coyly. Steve bites his lip not to laugh out loud at the look on Phil's face. Tony looks at him, then gasps theatrically. "Oh, but where are my manners! Sergeant Rogers, meet Agent Coulson."
T’Challa said I won’t need to worry about being able to come back. There was a small smile on his face, which looked nice. Reassuring. I think I’ll actually miss him.
The black man sandwiched between Stephen and Bob waves cheerfully. Steve smiles at him, then turns around and glares at Yingtai accusingly.
They take out a couple of hostiles in full body armour as soon as they crash through the window, then collect one of theirs on the way. Steve can't see their face, but Clint appears to know who they are, so Steve doesn't question the intelligence of the move. They hustle down the stairs - some with more clonking noises than others - and stop before a part of the wall Clint taps a series of knocks on. It swings open to reveal -
Wow. Okay. So being talked to like this is, uh, definitely a turn-on. Good to know.
Steve sends him an arch look. Tony glances at his face and dissolves into laughter again, just as richly seductive as the first time. Howard used to be the same; he could find humour in even the most dire situation. It's one of the things Steve liked best about him.
You know what, no. I don’t think I will be “disregarding” your “communication”. Tony, come on. Please. We’re grown-ups, right? I miss you. So much. It looks like you might miss me too. Can we not talk about this?
"Oh, fuck," Pentecost yelps, voice going a full octave higher, and the next second, he has forced himself in as far as Steve's body will let him, and Steve can feel his dick jerking inside of him, letting go.
I mean, you couldn’t know that i would./ i haven’t told you a thing. I haven’t called, i haven’t messaged. All i do is write these gutless emails i’m never going to send.
Phil's face has turned red and splotchy. His eyes bore into Steve's, asking for something Steve can't give. He barely feels it. He just wants to fold in half, wants to fucking disappear right now, wants to never have woken up at all.
Tony shrugs. "Not that much. Was there a point-"
At one point, he looks back at Selma to ask for another drink, and realises that there is a whole group gathered around them. Six other women and two men prop the bar on either side of him, laughing and talking up a storm, having clearly just met. Two ladies on his right are eagerly arguing with one of the men about some character named Bane, and on his left, another two women are exchanging facebook contacts and planning to meet up at some up-and-coming food truck. Erie bumps his hip and drags his attention back to her as she pulls closer a tall blond woman whose shirt is the most spectacular shade of teal Steve has ever seen. Erie introduces her as her girlfriend Frieda, which gives Steve a small but happy thrill.
"We've got most of the hostiles contained on levels nine and ten," she reports, pushing sweaty hair out of her eyes. "The boss is secure on level twelve. They've knocked out our communications, but I managed to grab these."
& this is important
"How can you not have heard of Sudoku?" Tony demands, eyebrows up near his hairline. "Have you been living in a cave the past decade?"
"Agent!" Tony calls, half-mocking and half-sincere. "I didn't know you'd be here."
"I always thought I would go into culinary school, if I hadn't made agent," Phil muses. In the background, Steve hears a distinctive choking noise. Phil has company, and he doesn't mind if they hear him talking to Steve. How very interesting.
