"Why the urgency? It's not as if you're getting married," Sherlock says. His voice pitches high, as if he is cracking a joke. His mouth curls up in a smile.
"I did nothing of the sort." Sherlock had the nerve to sound offended.
"One might wonder why I bothered with it all," Sherlock said. Something hot and angry burned at the back of his throat. He swallowed, hard. "The subterfuge, the investigation, the general unpleasantness of extracting his confession. Why, when I could have just asked you to have one of your pet assassins dispatch him for me? Suppose I'll keep the option open for the next serial killer I encounter. They
Prompted by Khorazir on Tumblr:
, but he does not want to ask that, not really. The explosion of shock and fierce joy is already fading, sinking under the weight of so monstrous a deception. So what he says instead is: "You faked your death."
"Pretty sure that Father Christmas has you down for the naughty list, John," Mary said. She raised her brows, gave a rather pointed look upstairs.
Sherlock studied him for a long moment without speaking. Then he continued walking.
"One is that I am—capable—of living without you."
"No."
The light changes.
He did not move from behind the desk.
"No," he said, and he was suddenly very tired. "It's only just begun."
"Like I said, might have lied a bit to get him here," Greg said. "But it was worth it, yeah? I'm setting him up."
Sherlock still had not spoken. His eyes were quite wide. There were tiny cuts on his hands, thin rivulets of blood where the glass had bitten. He hadn't wiped it away.
"I should—" John swiped at his eyes, glanced towards the door. Evasive. Anxious. Looking to flee.
John thought.
I heard you say
John's face registered surprise. Some of the rigid anger smoothed away. "Did you—"
Fantastic. Brilliant. Not exactly what he'd had in mind for the evening, but things with Sherlock rarely ever went to plan.
John made a sound that was half-laugh, half-groan. "Not actually comforting."
"You kissed me before midnight," Sherlock said, feeling nervous and mildly hysterical, almost giddy. He cleared his throat. "Provided you do so again after midnight, I see no cause for concern."
It had once been a fine home, he thought. But there had been years of neglect. Enough to render it uninhabitable, unsound.
"Excellent. Good. Glad we've had this talk," Sherlock said. His voice had gone alarmingly bright. He smiled, a terrifyingly soulless flash of teeth. Turned and went down the stairs without another word.
"I suspect. I'll know more once we find the horse."
Christmas was only a week away. On its heels was the new year. And after that—
"Christ," John says. He lifts his hands away, wondering if the damn thing might be about to blow up after all. It is putting off heat. There is a faint smell of burning plastic.
"I mean—no. That's not what I meant. I've done loads of weddings. Every day. Sometimes three or four. Yesterday I did ten."
Sherlock had remained folded up in his chair for some time.
"Plenty of things in this world are necessary. Doesn't mean I'm obliged to like them."
He turned back, looked at the dressing rooms. He had gone cold all over.
"Even Janine forgave you," John said, trying for a light tone and missing by a mile.
"Don't feel bad for him," Sally Donovan had told him, once. "He prefers it that way. Being alone. He only puts up with us in the field because he needs us."
Sherlock blinked, looked at her.
"All right," he breathed, and he did not know if he had damned John with his words or saved him. His initial plan would have been cleaner, neater. But he did not have the strength to turn John away again, not now. "All right."
No response.
"I am—sorry," Sherlock said. His voice was strange, stilted, as if he were uncertain of his words. He did not step away, his breath puffing warm and intimate against John's face as he spoke. "I had no idea this would be so. Difficult. For you. I'd anticipated a degree of professional jealousy, of course, but—"
His fault.
"Right," Lestrade said again. "Yeah, we'll—" he sighed again, shrugged a little bit, turned back to Molly. "Looks like you might not be stood up for dinner after all, if you don't mind a bit of takeaway. Let me just call Donovan, have her go round up the—the friend here—and we can grab something before I have to meet them back at the station."
rolling
John went.
Away from home for two years, Lazarus had told him. If he was telling the truth about who he was, he hadn't just been gone for two years, he'd been
He takes a step towards the car, follows with another step. His feet are moving, this is good. He pointedly does not lift his head towards the sky, does not scan the clouds for a last glimpse.
John thought about the profiles he'd combed through, about the sadness and the fragile hope that he'd encountered there. Four separate lives, interrupted and set on an entirely different track than what they'd been expecting.
"We're stuck," John said. He was still shivering. He felt like he might never stop. "We're just. We're just going to have to wait it out."
John groaned, too weary to laugh and too heartsick to scold. He trudged up the stairs as Mrs Hudson slammed the door in Sherlock's face with an indignant huff.
The team is camped in a field about three miles outside of Fairfax. John sees the big RV first, the one that Anderson has been dragging back and forth across Tornado Alley every season for years. There is the expected hodgepodge of other vehicles. And Sherlock's truck, of course, the same battered yellow pickup he'd been driving when John had first met him.
know that, right?"
to know.
"And the second?" John asked.
Another thump.
"Oh," John said, and fell silent again.
"Because there was something about Rachel you didn't like?"
And her kettle is gone.
"You got me a dog," Sherlock says.
Sherlock turned away.
"Is that enough?" he asked, his voice overloud in his quiet bedroom. "Is that the confession you've been looking for? That it was my fucking fault?"
John did not even bother to muffle his snort of amusement—he'd put up with rather a lot, he thought, and he'd take his fun where he could get it. Most people were too busy being intimidated by Sherlock to realise that he could also be quite funny, when he wanted to.
Ghosts?
He picked up Rosie from the sitter, went home.
John made a scoffing sound, folded his arms across his chest. Waited.
John looked down at the ID badge, still dangling from its lanyard around his neck. He lifted it, shrugged. "Medical conference."
"Mm, figured it would be." John bent to look at the bottle that Sherlock had dropped on the ground. Raised his brows. "Expensive."
It had felt very real. John's fingers against his wrist, John's lips against his own. The quiet, amused concern in John's voice and that—that should have been his first clue. Because John had not spoken to him in that particular tone for a very long time.
She moved towards him again, and he shrank back from her touch, shaking his head. He straightened up and went out of the room without looking back, his hand clenching at his side. She listened to his retreating footsteps as they echoed through the corridor.
John nodded, breathed out. He flexed his hands, cleared his throat. Forced himself to continue. "Thank you," he said.
Sherlock had said, his face pinched and desperately unhappy. Remorseful.
"Yes?"
"You meant to shoot me."
Perhaps Mrs Hudson had confused
"I don't know what you mean," he'd said. His voice caught in his throat.
Reginald Teller had succumbed to his severe ragwort allergy mere moments after exchanging his first kiss with his new bride.
John opens his mouth, shuts it again. He cannot find words. He finds himself staring at the black barrel of the Storm Spider, gleaming in the sunlight. There is a beautifully airbrushed spider crawling up the side, a funnel-shaped web below it.
His vision blurred and he turned away, back towards the urn. Touched it with the pad of his finger.
It had been easy enough to purchase tickets to the snorkeling experience, and even easier than that to distract the attendant and send him scuttling from the room in search of a better-fitting mask (and, perhaps, to have a bit of a cry—he'd been rather ruthless with his deductions). Sherlock had not wasted any time. He'd slipped into the water, bypassed the cage meant to allow tourists to experience a controlled adrenaline rush, and descended in search of his quarry.
Sherlock smiled at that, a brief flash of teeth in the darkness. "Dismantling his network. He discredited me, forced my hand. Clearly a direct approach wasn't working. So I faked my death, went at him from a different angle. He'd been on MI6's radar for years. They were eager to help."
"Only—generally when people talk about a clean slate, they are using the term to describe moving forward. Not necessarily going back."
John looked at him. Sherlock's face had lost some of its sharp edges over the long years that they'd known one another, but he was still beautiful. His eyes were still just as pale, just as keen. His lips plush and inviting and so very, very close.
"This is going to be a mess," Mary says. "The people from
The room was quite small. Neat, of course, John had always been neat. But small. Even smaller, now, with Rosie's cot and extra dresser and playthings. Cramped.
He stepped back.
He turned on his computer, waited for it to boot up.
"Charles."
"Erm—"
Sherlock nodded, went on looking at him.
He closed his eyes and was back in the Thames, sinking, gasping, his limbs leaden and frozen. John was behind him, harsh pants of breath against his ear as he swam, as he pulled them both backwards.
He hesitated, debated the merits of refusing. She would inevitably invite Mrs Hudson along, and Lestrade, and he'd have to listen to the three of them nattering on.
The sofa is comfortable. He has worn a groove in the faded cushions. He will pass the night here without complaint. He may even sleep—the long night has taken its toll on his body. He is only human, as much as he'd sometimes like to deny it. He has needs. He has . . . wants.
His companion had righted himself from the floor, stood forgotten by Sherlock's shoulder, phone grasped in one hand. John could feel the man's gaze on him, fought the urge to glance in his direction.
He lifted his head, scanned the room for his daughter.
"You can always change your mind, you know," he said mildly.
"On the kitchen table."
"I'll need to sign something, yeah? Can we do that now?"
John's hands on his face, cradling him, thumbs moving against his cheeks. John's mouth on his, soft and warm and wondering, their breaths mingling.
"All right," John said. He had the foolish, fleeting thought:
"All right," he said. He sighed, shifted in his chair. He'd go home from their lunch date with a sour taste in his mouth and a faint feeling of regret. He always did. He didn't know why he kept expecting things to be different.
She giggled again. Set the drink down on the table.
"Then what—?"
"Don't be ridiculous, John."
Mary's bullet had been fired before John had even entered the building. She'd been gasping, dying, by the time he'd dropped to his knees at her side.
Janine was on the sofa. She'd got dressed, he noted with some measure of relief. In her own clothes.
"Only a lifetime would suffice," Sherlock said.
Then he looked down and saw the blood.
The bathroom mirror was fogged up when he stepped out of the shower. He wiped it clean with the back of his hand, met his own tired gaze in the glass.
John takes a step back, brows knitting together in confusion. "I—what?"
"Pretty sure I am."
Rosie burbled happily, nuzzled against his neck.
"Funny," she says, crosses her arms.
He went into the nursery, scooped Rosie up into his arms. She was flushed hot from screaming, and he bounced her on his hip until she calmed.
John's lips were chapped, dry against Sherlock's own. He'd clearly been worrying at them. Nervous after all, then. The calmness was for show.
"Your cane," she said. Her voice was soft.
"You've recently relocated."
"Mm," John said, considering the area. "Nice. And I'm just to break in?"
"You just—you just leave. Again. You just fuck off for parts unknown. And I just—I just—" he falters, his voice breaking.
Sherlock whirled around.  Mycroft stood in the doorway, primly slipping off his gloves.
"Good," Sherlock did not move from where he stood. His gaze was intent on John's face.
"Um," John said, and he laughed, a wet sound. He could not quite bring himself to look over his shoulder at Sherlock. "I've, um, spent whole days centered entirely around the purpose of keeping
John leans down and kisses him, and it takes a bit of maneuvering to get the angle just right—for a moment they are all noses and chins—but then it is perfect. John's lips are warm and soft and he tastes a bit like the tea he's been drinking and his morning stubble rasps against Sherlock's chin.
"You think I'm missing something."
"I would rather not escalate this any further than we need to," she said, and jiggled the gun in her hand a little bit. "But I will, if necessary. You can still walk out of here. It's your choice."
Right. He needed to sort himself out. And quickly.
"I wanted to say—" he coughed again, another wet wracking spasm. "I wanted to take the opportunity to thank you. For all that you've done."
He used the loo, washed his face with cold water, brushed his teeth. Forced himself to stare hard into the mirror, grounded himself in place and time.
John is surprised to see her. She'd objected strongly to his departure from Baker Street. He thinks she'll object again once she sees where he's landed. It's not quite a bedsit, but it's bland and impersonal and utterly lifeless.
"Why?"
"I don't want that," John said, and his voice had gone so quiet he could barely hear himself. "I've tried that, and it's not—it's not good. For me."
"Dresses," he'd said. He'd closed his eyes. "Bridesmaid dresses. Why?"
"Clever people do very stupid things," John said.
He shouldn't want that. He wanted it.
John looked at the clock.
Because of reasons Mycroft would surely call foolish. Or perhaps not. Hard to say. Mycroft was different these days. They all were.
John was still eyeing him, awaiting a response. Ah. This was meant to be a
"Well," Sherlock said, his voice soft. "Now you do."
"All right," John said, letting his hands drop to his sides. "What are we looking for?"
"Greg. It's Greg. Greg Lestrade."
She paused in the doorway, cradling the bag against her body. "Well. Suppose I'll see you later, then. Be glad to have this over with, to be honest."
Molly ignored him. Her shoulders were tense as she bent over the corpse. She seemed, irritatingly, more fixated on the dead man's chest and throat area.
dead, with his dark matted curls flopping wetly against his skull and the sodden collar of his coat sticking to the skin at the back of his neck.
"Yeah. I guess we did."
She reached up, knocked the spider to the ground with a flick of her wrist. Stepped on it.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Please, John. It's
"Small talk, Sherlock. I'm being polite. Work with me, please."
John put his coat back down, folded his arms across his chest. "What behaviour, exactly?"
Sherlock looked up at the ceiling again. "Are they?"
opening his umbrella.
"What are you—?" John ducked an errant elbow.
"Sorry. I've got to go," he said.
But Sherlock is ignoring the divorce papers, and Mary's amused patience will not last forever.
He keeps his eyes open, holds himself still. Performs a charade that has already failed.
He waited for a moment. Then he set the phone down on the coffee table, went to the window, picked up his violin.
John did not take his hand. "I asked you a question."
John searched.
Footsteps on the stairs.
"You'll be wanting to pick up a few things, I presume, if you're to return to Baker Street."
It's—"
"Still your fault.“
"Have another," he said.
Sherlock hesitates. Briefly considers the viability of their bathtub for piranha containment. Shakes his head, refocuses. "Vivid though your imagination may be, I highly doubt that piranhas will come into play this evening."
"Not Mary, you absolute arse," John said. "You."
"That horse can't tell you anything, but the dog might," a voice drawls from behind him and John
John laughed, unamused. He looked up at the ceiling again, half-expecting to see a hidden camera tucked away in the corners somewhere.
Would he hear them? A muffled giggle? A quiet moan?
He pushed away from the wall, bolted through the door into the crowded reception area.
And then John had clawed the phone out of his hand, and was shouting angrily and Sherlock could not make out the words because everything had gone quite fuzzy and loud but he thought John might be agreeing with him and that was nice, that was good, and maybe he could just—
"Some kind of complaint about the champagne," she said. "I don't know what—"
Sherlock frowns, drums his fingers on the steering wheel. "You've been gone for just under a year. It would have taken you some time to secure new accommodations and employment. You first appeared on-air about six months ago, and since I assume you met at work, your relationship can't be much older than that."
"Might have done, yeah."
"Sorry," John said. He wanted to leave. He could no longer remember why he'd come upstairs at all. "Think I just—well. Got the wrong idea."
"We?" Sherlock asks again. He drops the stack of papers down on the hood of his truck, takes a step towards John. Christ, but he is tall. It's not that John had
Christ, but that look was brazen. John sniffed, looked away, tension creeping into his shoulders. He was used to people throwing themselves at Sherlock, it happened often enough that he considered it a hazard of the job,  but there was something about Victoria's keen interest that rubbed him the wrong way.
They were wrong.
"Good morning," John said.
"I don't know," Harry said. "Just forget I said anything."
"Looks like you've earned yourself yet another public breakup," Sherlock said. There was something dark in his voice, a little sad. "Careful. I'm starting to get the idea that you might be a terrible boyfriend."
Rosie was standing in her cot, shrieking. Her face was flushed red and sweaty, her hair matted against her skull.
"Big plans tonight?" the woman across the aisle asked.
A planned outing, then.
Sherlock looked at him.
the sight still shocked him.
"Here," Sherlock said, his voice swallowed by the wind. He'd stopped at a partially snow-covered lump.
"Mm, bad idea. Might be too late by then."
What—?
There were four missed calls from Rosie's sitter when John picked up his phone in the morning. He swallowed hard, dread pooling in his stomach.
"Don't know what you're talking about," John said.
"Considering what he tried to do, I considered it prudent," Sherlock says. His fingers continue to tap on the steering wheel.
He stares at the words. It feels good, seeing them written out like that. It reminds him that he has not written a word on his blog since—since what happened. He should. He should set the record straight. There were, perhaps, people out there who had taken his silence as an admission of guilt.
She shut the door firmly behind her without responding.
"Thank you," Sherlock said.
are. He clears his throat. "In any case. Our thief is failing. He'll not want anyone to know. Engineering a haunting is rather a clever way to keep others away at night."
"Redbeard—"
"Run," Sherlock said.
Sherlock tore his gaze away from the fireplace, looked at John.
"A cottage, you say? Where?"
John dips his head, lifts his brows. It is a bemused expression.
John was stiff in his arms for a long, terrible moment, and then he broke. He sagged against Sherlock's chest, gasping, his arms coming up to wrap warm and tight around him.
He bristled. Thought again of all those texts. "So what are you—his girlfriend?"
"You haven't deduced it?" There was a faint note of mockery in Mycroft's voice.
The floorboard beneath his foot creaked, giving him away. He hesitated, then stepped forward, pushed the door open.
"Oh come on, let him in," a woman's voice, somewhere behind him.
"You'll need it, since you'll be moving in," Sherlock said.
"It occurred to me that something might—happen. To you."
He hadn't—
"It's fine."
He imagined himself long dead, desiccated, a stiff and withered display tied to a chair in the middle of a rotting room. Sherlock, in his long coat with the collar up, studying him from the doorway.
"John!" he called, waving.
Sherlock stood up, came around the table. "I think we know enough to be going on with, don't you?"
"He's here, he's here, he's here!" she chants.
He wondered where Sherlock was—if he'd been brought back to London to recover, or if he was being treated elsewhere.
"Is it? I'm fairly sure I've never retrieved evidence from a shark tank before. Sort of thing I'd remember."
He went through the kitchen and down a short hallway, paused to push open the first door he passed. A bathroom, small, nondescript. The door at the end of the hall opened up to a large bedroom, startlingly neat and sparsely decorated given the state of the rest of the flat.
She looks between them, somewhat flustered. Well. John does tend to have that effect on women.
They were all so careful around him. Had been ever since the disastrous happy hour. He couldn't really blame them.
On the top shelf was a bag containing three diseased livers.
"Oh," she said. She looked down. "Pasta."
It was military-neat. Rosie had always tended towards tidiness, much like her father.
He was too tired to laugh.
John shuts his eyes. "Are you—look, don't just—don't just
John lifted the gun from his lap and pulled the trigger.
That pitying look Pete had shot him, the night he'd danced with Sherlock. That expression that said, so clearly and uncomfortably,
"I liked him."
"First name basis—?" John shakes his head. "That's how she introduced herself. For Christ's sake, Sherlock, you were
They drive on in silence.
Well. There was no sense in lying to himself. He'd missed it.
He found himself thinking, with more longing than he'd expected, of the warm comfort of 221B. Of John in his chair, of the muted sounds of London traffic through the window and the too-loud volume of Mrs Hudson's little radio below them.
Sherlock looked down. Blinked. "Just scratches. It's fine."
Sherlock felt more than he let on, of course, John had known that from the start. But clearly he'd failed to realise exactly how much.
In all of them, Janine was smiling. Her eyes sparkled. She looked very much like a woman in love. If he hadn't know she was faking, he would have been—
His heart rate slowed as he took a deep breath, then another.
It had been shattered. Knocked half off of the frame.
He sucked in a breath. It had been years since Evan Bell had even crossed his mind, years and years, and suddenly it was an onslaught. He thought of him as he'd last seen him, stiff and bloodless, and shuddered.
"That's not—"
And then he'd started packing.
"Brilliant," John said.
Sherlock smiled in spite of himself, looked down at the ground.
Outside, the wind howled.
"Sherlock."
"There was—there was a graveyard. Nearby. I think."
"So you don't have to pick the lock again."
Sherlock said nothing. He took another pull on the cigarette.
John shivered. He felt the loss of heat keenly.
Her grin widened. "Not unless he's the one doing the investigating."
They finally pulled up along the kerb, and John fumbled to pay. He zipped up Rosie's coat, left his own hanging open as he struggled out of the cab into the damp icy air.
Sherlock looked at his hand. It was swollen, bruised.
John wanted to take him back upstairs.
she'd said. I was a shite friend not to.
He went in through the side door, glanced into the waiting room at the empty chairs. Gave a little wave to the receptionist, but did not linger to chat.
The thought curdled his stomach. He shifted in his seat again. Shut his eyes.
"Looks like another delay," the woman seated across the aisle said. She rustled her newspaper, set it down in her lap. Sighed.
"I'm going out to the shops," John said.
"Joe," she says. "My husband. He's—he's—"
"Yes," Sherlock agreed.
There is something that bothers him about DI Gregory's easy assumption that Fitzroy Simpson has murdered Straker and made off with the horse. He cannot quite wrap his head around
"And a soldier."
John shifted in his seat, smiled awkwardly. Took the sample plate of chocolate cake and tried a bite.
"Christ," John had said, his voice high and breathless and amused.
A joke. John has made a joke. Sherlock's mouth twists, an involuntary spasm, almost a smile. He quashes it, makes a show of rearranging himself in his chair instead.
"John," Sherlock breathes. His limbs feel weak, his joints rubbery and uncooperative. He wants to laugh, or perhaps to throw up. "You have no idea how wrong you are. How wrong you've been all along."
Tangled in a web, mouth open in a silent scream. The spider drew closer, legs making faint wet ticking sounds as they dragged along the damp threads. It was heading for his mouth, he knew. His gaping, horrified mouth.
"Fine," John said. "If not the kitchen, then where? And—for the record—you're not
John shuts his eyes, takes a steadying breath. Then he opens his eyes, crouches down.
They rounded the corner, Sherlock just slightly ahead, and John heard the distorted crack, the muted sound of gunfire ricocheting against brick.
Sherlock went down the stairs and put on his coat.
"Have you seen the sky?" Sherlock's voice is low, punctuated by a distant rumble of thunder. If John did not know better, he'd swear the bastard planned that.
"That's why his brother was able to get close to you. You weren't sure what you were seeing."
More than once, he returns home to find her on the sofa, contemplating her left hand. Sometimes she strokes along the pale line on her ring finger with the index finger of her right hand.
"Besides," Sherlock said. "It's not as if he'll know I'm investigating the murders. They've all officially been classified as accidents. As far as anyone is concerned, I'm planning my actual wedding to my actual girlfriend. What better legacy could he ask for than adding me to his list of unsuspecting victims? Impossible to resist."
It is not that he's refusing to sign them, John tells himself. He certainly hadn't objected when John had walked away. It is far more likely that it has simply escaped his attention, that he is knee-deep in field work and research and has not spared a second thought for John or pesky legalities.
Sherlock frowns. Opens his eyes.
He reaches into his pocket, checks his phone. There are no messages from John. He should not feel disappointed. John has no reason to message him. He is home at Baker Street, with his daughter. He will undoubtedly have . . . feelings . . . about his visit to the aquarium. Memories will have been dredged up.
Her smile fell as she stepped into the sitting room. She looked at John's chair.
An odd thing to say.
"Oh? What's your excuse the rest of the year?"
Mycroft had given him a model pirate ship, once. For Christmas. He'd promised to help Sherlock paint it, but he'd been busy with school and had never gotten around to it. It had stayed in its box, unused, untouched. He could have painted it on his own, he knew. But something about it had made him uncomfortable, uneasy, as if there were dark secrets lurking in somewhere below deck, strapped down in the cargo hold, just waiting for heavy seas to shake them loose.
Sherlock shut his eyes, melted into his hand. Smiled. John thought of all the times he'd held himself back, all the time he hadn't reached out, all the times he hadn't touched. All of the smiles that had slipped unanswered from Sherlock's lips.
As the music had tapered off, he'd lifted his phone up, had squinted at the screen as Sherlock picked it back up from the desk where he'd set it. Once more his face filled the screen.
There was chaos outside, but for the moment the morgue was still quiet, and it
"You're here because you killed my brother."
They stared at each other for a moment longer.
John was likely expecting some form of reciprocation. Perhaps intended to break the ice.
had seen the pathetic wretched truth of it written on Sherlock's face.
After a moment, Mycroft reappeared in the doorway. He withdrew leather gloves from his coat pockets, pulled them on slowly. He did not make eye contact.
"Sherlock's in Serbia," she said. Her voice was clipped, matter-of-fact. "Got himself embroiled in a rather colossal scheme, if I do say so myself. Things went badly, as they often do, and then he dropped off the radar. He was—well, you get the idea."
"Artistic license."
He wonders, now, if he's been wrong.
It had been shattered. Knocked half off of the frame.
He never wanted to be the reason one of those rare, wonderful smiles slipped away from Sherlock's face ever again. He wanted to put them there. He wanted to guard them. He wanted to
He stood, looked for his clothes. His wedding suit was on the ground, twisted and crumpled.
Sherlock's voice cut off abruptly.
Sherlock breathes. His exhalation is unsteady. "Is—would—an embrace—?"
I am tentatively adding a chapter count with this update. It's subject to change, but for now it looks like this story will clock in at 13 chapters. It was originally intended to be 12, but this chapter grew too long and needed to be cut. The good news is that means the majority of the next chapter is already written and should be up within a week!
He sits up. His back cracks. When he stands, his knees pop. He has been ruminating on the sofa for some time. Hours, perhaps.
"Sherlock."
"Sherlock's handler. The man he's been trying and failing to get in touch with at every turn."
It does not take him very long to find them, and he stops walking, watches.
"Erm," John said. His voice sounded faint to his own ears.
"Oh, I don't give up my secrets that easily," she said.
Well. Best not to think too much about that. John was alive, too. And as long as Sherlock worked quickly, and cleverly, and carefully, and
Bell paused in the doorway, his shoulders slumped. Then he continued on. John listened as his footsteps receded. Outside, the rumble of an engine, the wet muted crunch of tires on snow.
He should have stayed away. They would die now, all of them, starting with John. There would be no gunshots, no knives, no kidnappings. No dramatic hail of bullets. Just the soft whisper of feather-light legs against skin, a pinch and a slip of venom. Again and again and again until it was all over.
"Clearly."
John had replied.
"John?" Sherlock asked, and there was an odd tremble in his voice, a cautious uncertainty that felt entirely at odds with the man he had come to know.
"Please," John whispers. He is biting his lip so hard he can taste blood.
She smiled, looked down at the table. "Yeah, well. The three of us can't all live together forever."
Sherlock stared at his drink as if it had personally offended him. Lestrade went to buy another round.
"Oh, Sherlock—" Mrs Hudson poked her head out into the hall. She'd quite obviously been waiting near the door for some time.
"And I'll be looking for him."
"Right."
"If this is a bad time—" Lestrade starts.
There was a dull, sick worry in the pit of his stomach. He fought against the urge to take the phone out of his pocket and look at it.
John went into the kitchen. Sherlock stayed in the sitting room, listened to the sound of him opening and shutting cabinets. Tried to imagine making this space their own, filling it with furniture and books and clutter.
"After Frank, I—"
John straightened up, gripped Sherlock's upper arms. He could not quite seem to bring himself to look Sherlock in the eye. "Do you. Do you have any idea? Do you—do you have any idea how much I—?"
John squeezed his hand. Sherlock winced.
"You. You wrote a bloody dissertation on how my friends all hate me!" John had said, his voice rising, his face flushing up red. "And then gave it to me for my birthday!"
"Er—"
"Oh."
And then Mary had died, and he'd turned on Sherlock.
He would have to speak, he knew. He'd asked her to come.
Mary had begged, and Sherlock had, in the only way he knew how.
The lighthearted start to a Blue Carbuncle/Borgia Pearl case subplot that didn't fit the tone of the story I was telling.
He flopped, boneless, against Sherlock, rolling slightly to avoid crushing him. He shut his eyes, caught in a strange rip current somewhere between euphoria and shame.
"Sherlock," John said.
She babbles about dogs constantly, a steady, cheerful stream of chatter. She has found a willing audience in Sherlock, who never cuts her short, but instead offers his own observations and gentle corrections on pronunciation.
The silence had stretched on too long. He realized belatedly that Sarah was waiting for him to elaborate, to offer up some excuse. He could not think of a single thing to say.
The door swings open. Sherlock is briefly silhouetted by the hallway light.
He should not have stayed. He should have given the police what he knows, what he suspects, what he
"Three months," Sherlock said. "Late March or early April would be best."
Sherlock swallows. He is expected to say something. It could not possibly be appropriate to mention Mary, not now, not with John smiling at him from the sofa.
"She--" John paused, scratched at the back of his neck. Looked up at the ceiling. "Well. Same thing she told me later, when she found out we were—that we—"
Janine drew closer.
"No, it was—" John stopped, shook his head. Thought about Evan Bell as he'd last seen him, dead on the ground with his blue eyes wide. Thought of the way his ghost had haunted John's steps for weeks after, until one day he'd just been gone. John had lost other friends in Afghanistan, good friends, he'd had men die in his arms, but none of them had hit him quite like Evan.
"Here. This isn't just a place. It's a home. It's our home, John." Sherlock winces, looks away. "Not the sort of thing I'd ordinarily choose to say out loud, but needs must."
"I suppose you assumed I would die at my desk," Mycroft said.
He had to thrash a bit to untangle the blankets as he sat up, breathing hard. The sheets were cold, damp with sweat.
"So happy right up until the moment she disappeared," Sherlock said.
John moved back in, officially, permanently. He said nothing about it, simply began hauling up boxes and bags, shelving books and hanging up clothes. It was comforting. He felt content, happy.
"What?"
He passed the afternoon with Rosie in the sitting room, rolling a ball back and forth and smiling as she attempted to master the skill with clumsy, chubby little fingers.
John was quiet for a time. Then he shifted, tightened his arm around Sherlock's middle. "I imagine it was, to a kid."
"Everything all right?" Janine called down.
The room was not empty.
John hadn't thought anything of it. Pete was hardly the first bloke to deal with a broken heart, after all. And he'd had other things on his mind.
It was cold in the flat. Or perhaps he was still feeling the residual effects from his dip in the Thames.
"Sherlock," he said.
"What are you doing in here?" John stepped into the room, crossed his arms.
He turned his head, just slightly, glancing to his right, seeking to catch John's eye. Stopped.
It is not enough, John thinks. Christ, it's not going to be enough.
Sherlock swallowed. He did not speak.
and him expected to sit back and wait for someone else to handle it.
Sherlock thought petulantly. Then he reconsidered. He
John blinked, rocked back a bit on his heels. That
He can hear Rosie rustling in his room, dragging open his dresser drawers. His sock index is most assuredly doomed.
"Really couldn't."
Sherlock's breath caught, but he said nothing.
"No," John said. He very stubbornly kept his eyes fixed ahead, watching the snow drift and pile on the windshield. It was easier not to look at Sherlock, to pretend he was just another ghost, hovering just out of sight. "It's not. It's not the vow. Don't try to tell me that. People don't just do this, you know? It doesn't matter what was said in front of a roomful of strangers, they don't just drop everything and run off after someone who—someone who walked out on them."
And all of this after Sherlock had so clearly demonstrated his own ineptitude. His failure.
Just because it wasn't necessarily an option for him, didn't mean it wasn't fulfilling for other people.
John sniffed, set Rosie carefully down on the ground between his feet. He straightened up in the chair, tried not to sound quite as outraged as he felt. "Blog about what? I wasn't actually there, in case you failed to notice."
John reached out, took it from him. Folded it over his forearm. His expression was difficult to read.
"Sherlock," John said again. He reached out, touched his sleeve with a tentative hand. "Are you—"
Olivia said. She did not add anything more.
Sherlock had arranged for the van on Mycroft's credit card.
"You brought her
something happened?"
It had taken him time, almost a year. But he had come back.
" John said, and kissed Sherlock again. He was warm, and sleepy, and no longer sure exactly what he'd been so concerned about. He sighed, burrowed his head into the pillow. "It's the sort of thing that gets better with practice," he added.
"Why would it be a sore subject?"
He stared at the screen for a few moments without really seeing anything.
He blinked, refocused. "I would like to have you here."
Prompted by anotherwellkeptsecret on Tumblr:
Sherlock sat down in his chair, bored again. He checked his watch. It was five-thirty. John had said
He did not think about the particular snap that wood made as it gave way under pressure, that sharp gunshot crack. The rolling, pitching drop of his stomach.
John clears his throat, attempts a smile. Mary is used to people deferring to her. She is very good at her job, and just a little bit frightening.
"No giant wedding, with the—the serviettes and the cake tasting and the flowers, all right? I've had enough of that to last a lifetime."
And—oh—Sherlock had noticed, of course he'd noticed. But he'd thought:
"I'm saying—" John blew out a frustrated breath, looked up at the ceiling. He thought about the grieving partners left behind, the endless Facebook posts he'd scrolled through while seeking anything at all that might connect the cases together. "I'm saying that it was a risk. That as good a rider as Christine Thomas is, she still might have been caught unawares when her horse spooked. And—I mean—death by horse? Really? Come on. Nine times out of ten Christopher Thomas winds up with a face full of mud, an embarrassed bride, and a hefty drycleaning bill."
His phone rang, cutting through the silence.
"I've got a sitter for workdays. I'm expected to pick her up by four."
"Ah," Sherlock says. He looks down at the ground, then up at John. "There's always something."
Rosie squeezed her hands together, mushing carrot up between her fingers.
"A scalpel," John says, thinking of the little silver blade he'd found out in the field.
Sherlock stayed on the pavement, and John stayed with him.
"It's all right," John said.
Sherlock swallowed. Across from him, John's chair sat empty.
"John," Mary said.
Happy Halloween!
Sherlock shook off the memory. His head ached. His mind felt treacle-slow, useless.
It was not a message. He'd set an alarm. A reminder to pick up Rosie from the sitter.
"Thinking," Sherlock said, opening one eye.
He set the phone back down where he'd found it, turned to look at the sofa.
One of the children squealed, and John glanced up. A ginger-haired boy had seized the unfortunate stuffed bear and was beating it against the wall.
"Not actually what I meant."
"Always," Sherlock says. "Anderson doesn't maintain it properly. You know that." He smiles, a quick twist of his lips that is gone almost as soon as it appears.
commenter was likely one of them. He made a note of her name, scrolled on.
"Well. I've seen worse," Molly said. She forced a laugh, though it sounded stiff and uncomfortable.
put up with
He ignored her, went through the door and out onto the street. Thought about coincidences and chance meetings and impossible circumstances. His heart beat unsteadily against his ribs, even as he told himself it was crazy, that he was wrong, that he was seeing things, imagining things, that it simply
"The plane," Sherlock says, astounded at the fact that his mouth continues to form words,
John accepted his glass. Took a sip. Told himself that he was just being maudlin. He had no reason to feel sad.
He nods, then shakes his head, then nods again. Sherlock stands, moves past him into the kitchen.
and John had said
"Xylazine," he said. "It's a horse tranquiliser. But don't worry, I adjusted the dose."
Sherlock opened his mouth. John held up a hand. Sherlock shut his mouth.
John has stopped speaking and is now standing in front of him, looking at him with something approaching concern. His hands are gripping Sherlock's forearms.
"Can't you just—" John shrugged, looked helplessly at Sherlock, "—teach Janine here?" Even as he spoke, he regretted his words. He did not want to imagine Sherlock and Janine swaying together in the warm privacy of 221B. He knew the rapturous expression Sherlock wore on his face while dancing, and it would be all to easy to imagine it directed at her.
John looked at him, his expression wary, mildly surprised. He'd clearly not been expecting the topic change. "Yeah, it's—it's up at the end of the month."
Rosie had fallen asleep, so John kept the telly at a quiet volume.
The house loomed up ahead. He took off at a jog, eager to leave the conversation behind.
The tribute left Sherlock strangely touched. He turned to follow John, opened his mouth to speak.
John had stared, because it was terrible, and beautiful, and for a fleeting moment he'd wanted nothing more than to get closer. And then he'd looked at Sherlock.
"I'm just trying to get my facts in order."
John sprinted after him.
It took a moment for her words to catch up.
"Nmmpf," Sherlock said, sinking further into the chair.
"Next time," John said. He spoke the words softly, almost like a promise.
"That's inconspicuous?"
"Oh," Smallwood said. Her face contorted in an expression of dismayed surprise. "This is—unexpected."
John steps back, looking flustered and amused all at once.
Sherlock would not have been small. Still a child, yes, still young, but well into his early teens. He'd sprouted. He'd been nearly as tall as his father. Those warm, enveloping embraces had gone the way of other childish things.
Sherlock smiled, a crooked, small thing. "Seemed wiser than throwing myself through the floor."
He stared at the useless phone. His skin had gone uncomfortably warm, his pulse pounding.
Sherlock's leg had slipped between his own, slick skin sliding together, hairs prickling all along the inside of John's thigh and his toes were cold against John's calf and John couldn't think, couldn't focus on anything but the feel of him, the smell of him, the (
Rosie is delighted to play the role of co-conspirator.
There was a part of him, a deeply buried part, that had thought Sherlock might come after him. That he might simply turn up one day, tall and imperious and terribly out of place in John's dismal little flat.
He'd slumped over on the sofa. His neck was stiff and he stretched, trying to work it loose.
No, he looked more than shocked, he looked
"I don't want this for her," he said quietly.
His dreary little flat would not suffice long-term. He'd need something nicer, larger, with room for Rosie to grow. The only question was whether he wanted to find that flat in Chelmsford, or back in London.
John hung his coat, stood staring as Sherlock knocked briskly on Mrs Hudson's door, thrust the car keys into her hand when she opened it.
"Oh," he said again. He clenched his hand, looked at the photograph of Rosie that he kept on his desk. It was old, now. It would need to be replaced. She was growing very fast. "Rosie—my daughter—is just over ten months."
John looked down at the ground to hide his smile. He reached out a tentative hand, clasped Sherlock's arm. His skin was warm through the fabric of his suit jacket.
"Dr Watson, I ask that you explain yourself before this situation gets out of hand—"
He could sit for a moment. Open the window. Take a deep breath and let the fresh air whip some sense back into him without terrorising both Mrs Hudson and his daughter.
Moriarty took a phone out of his own pocket, held it cradled in the palm of his hand.
"Ah," Sherlock said, coming back from the kitchen empty-handed and settling himself smoothly back down in his chair. He tented his hands in front of his mouth, fixed John with an alarmingly cool gaze.
Sherlock tips his head, just slightly, and lets his lips brush against John's. Too slow, too deliberate to be an accident. Blood roars in his ears. He fears he may shake himself apart.
John looked
He leaned in, uncomfortable. They exchanged a stiff, one-armed hug.
His blood went cold.
"He's a dance instructor," Janine said.
"My name is Allie Turner."
There are no big blue windows here, no disconcerting glimpses into the deep, only a stretch of shallow open tanks with their filters humming industriously.
"I've been stung by a bee," a blank-faced young man told him. He held up his hand in front of the webcam, revealed a reddened patch of skin.
"I love Mary," John says abruptly.
And then they were kissing, twining together in the darkness. John's hand slipped along the silken back of Sherlock's dressing gown. Sherlock's breath caught and stuttered against his lips.
"Locked," he agreed. He lifted his head, looked at her. She was lovely, truly. And she was still bright-eyed and smiling at him like this was a date.
"When he partnered with
Mary was smiling at him from where she'd perched at the foot of the bed. She was wearing the grey t-shirt and the blue jacket he'd last seen her in, her hair loose and curled.
she'd said.
"Why do you feel guilty?"
"Just—" he shook his head, breathed in. Looked down at the plastic bag in his hand. "Just popped out to the shop. Sherlock needed milk."
The man hit the ground like a sack of bricks.
"Was I? Hm. Perhaps I should have."
"John," Sherlock says quietly.
"What, really?" John's voice was incredulous.
"You don't think he's just—I don't know, using the lab as a—" John pauses, looks at him. His expression is odd, a little embarrassed. "Well, you know. Quiet place for a late night rendezvous?"
It was the best possible outcome. Somehow knowing that did not stop him from occasionally imagining a different outcome entirely.
"I—" Sherlock said.
Earlier they had tangled on the sofa, sweat-slick and drunk on bittersweet kisses. The honeyed afternoon light seemed impossibly distant, now.
"Huh," she said. She did not mention it again.
The man finished playing, let the last note hang in the air. Pedestrians continued to bustle by, traffic continued to clog the streets. It seemed wrong, somehow, that all of London was not held in thrall, that the world had not paused in the face of such beauty.
Sherlock sat forward in his chair, his elbows on his knees, his hands clasped under his chin. "What are you—?"
He stared at her words for a long time, pressed the back of his hand against his mouth.
pressed flush against the glass, shouting something indistinct.
"Christ," John breathes, and rolls down the window. The damp air is cool on his face. He can feel Sherlock's eyes on him and refuses to turn.
"He's the same. Always telling me what to do. But I'm fine. He's the one living in a bedsit," she says.
"Of course they have rooms, John," Sherlock said, stepping up close behind John and dropping his voice just slightly, conspiratorial but still audible. He winked at the clerk, who flushed and looked down. "This is an inn."
"You appreciate nothing because you understand nothing," Sherlock snaps. "Shut up. I'm trying to tell you something."
"This evening, or any other evening," John says. He aims a pointed stare in Sherlock's direction. "Yeah?"
The flat is very quiet. It has grown late.
"For the sake of clarity, John, I simply expressed the likelihood that someone had slipped ragwort into the bouquet prior to the ceremony, and—other than the florist— who would be better positioned to do so than the bride herself?"
as if it were something profoundly distasteful.
Opting for a pair of Sherlock's pyjama bottoms seemed—oddly intrusive, too intimate given the unsettled feeling in the pit of his stomach. He settled for attempting to salvage the tuxedo trousers, hopelessly creased as they were, and a white t-shirt.
"It's—"
And oh, what a stroke of good fortune! He'd only just been evicted from his Montague Street flat (an unfair turn of events in his opinion—his landlord's stipulation had been no
John pulled away reluctantly, left Sherlock smiling amidst his rumpled bedsheets. He went upstairs, paused in the doorway to his cramped little room, looked at Rosie standing in her cot.
John meets his gaze, swallows. "MI6 was waiting at my house when I got home last night," he says. He makes a terrible attempt to smile. "Kind of thing that seems like it would be a lot more exciting than it actually was."
"But I think you might just be lonely."
He had arrived home from Belarus. John had been at the surgery. He'd been bored, and irritated, and had spray-painted the wall, and then he'd gone upstairs to fetch John's gun for a bit of target practice—
John swallowed down his relief at seeing Sherlock whole and unharmed. He looked to his left. Pete stood against the opposite wall, a gun in his hand.
Sherlock swallowed again, and then he put his shoulders back, tilted his head to the side and
He hesitated, just for a moment, then went down the hall. He nudged the bathroom door open. The air was warm, humid. John was in the shower, the curtain drawn.
He abandoned thoughts of trying for the gun, instead crossed the bedroom in three quick steps, flung open the window.
and no matter how many years they spent together, that was never going to be a thing he could get used to.
Sherlock stood, then stooped down to help John to his feet. He stayed close, his arm looped around John's waist, supporting him.
"Oh yes," Sherlock said. He gave a pleased bounce on the balls of his feet. Rosie made another happy cooing sound, settled more firmly in his arms.
John is looking at her with an odd, fond smile, and she wonders if she has spoken aloud. She loses track, sometimes, late at night. Especially on damp nights with her hip acting up the way it does.
"You've had these papers for months."
"Then help," Sherlock said. He stabbed an angry finger at the sofa, the sagging, empty sofa that had, at one time, cradled John. "An intruder gained access to the flat via the fire escape. He crept up behind John here, and a struggle ensued. They left through the front door."
"Molly Hooper," John said, conscious of the eyes on him, the musicians still quietly and obliviously setting up in the corner, the woman at the desk who had stood from her chair to watch him proceed into the room. He had begun to sweat, his earlier bravado deserting him.
Sherlock sighed, leaned forward to look.
Fear knifed through John's chest even as the shape edged closer, unfamiliar lines coalescing into something recognisable: a tall figure in a long coat.
John stared at him, took it all in, and Sherlock let him.
"I don't think you really understand why I'm angry with you. Yeah? Because if you did, maybe you'd have—" John stopped, his eyes stinging.
Wiggins cleared his throat. Shuffled his papers again.
"All right," Sherlock said. His voice was tired. "You win, then. Congratulations. Now just get it over with and leave John alone."
to see that face again.
"But I was going to let you leave," Sherlock says. "If that was what you needed. I was going to help you find someone suitable. I was going to let you walk away. But that's not what I want. The things that I want—" he hesitates, shuts his eyes. Breathes.
"Yeah," John said. He thought of Lazarus—
Sherlock looks down at his clothes, at the unlikely jacket and jumper, then back up at John. There is a furrow between his brows, deep and bewildered. His mouth does not seem to know whether to frown or smile. He smells very strongly of cigarettes. "Costume is only part of the disguise, but it's an important part."
He'd been too addled over this—this
I know that I'll have to leave. But I—"
Lestrade glanced in his direction, offered up some sort of gesture that could have been either apologetic or dismissive, and resumed conversing with one of the utterly useless forensic techs.
He took his phone out of his pocket, looked at it. The minutes ticked by in silence.
His phone buzzed again, and then again, jarring him back to the present. He sighed, fished it out of his pocket.
"Was it?" Sherlock did not seem to know what to do with his hands. He set them on top of the table, then lifted them again, his lip curling in dismay. His drink was untouched, sweating in its glass to his left.
"Did you finish your shopping?" Lucy asked.
John walked into his back, put out an apologetic hand to steady himself. There was a warm pressure on Sherlock's waist, there and gone.
"I—" Sherlock pauses, clears his throat. His fingers find the edge of his jacket and tug at it. "I am not often given to flights of fancy. But. Being here, it—"
John glared at him. "Ta for that."
"I was," Sarah says. She looks like she needs a stiff drink. She looks ill. "I was. I was there, John. And you turned her down."
"Er—" John shifted where he stood, utterly thrown, not quite able to get a read on her. He looked down at the cane in his hand, realized it had not so much as touched the ground since he'd arrived. Chagrined, he leaned on it. "Right. Maybe you can help me."
"Did she tell you that?"
"Another."
change your mind," he said. "Only that you are permitted to do so. You would hardly be the first twenty-one-year-old to question whether or not they are on the right path."
yes," Janine said.
"Well. That all sounds a bit exhausting," John said.
"Yes!" he says, because he cannot understand why that is so difficult to grasp.
"I'm sorry, Sherlock," Mary says. Her voice is grave.
"Yet you say you grew up in Chelmsford?" Edward asked. He took off his glasses, massaged the bridge of his nose.
John straightens up. When the cap breaks, if the underlying system is unstable, there is the potential for explosive thunderstorms. Tornadoes. A frisson of excitement sparks down his spine.
"Merry Christmas," she said.
Sherlock shrugged, a smile once again twitching at the corner of his mouth. "Seemed like a good idea at the time."
Evan Bell was there, right there on the street. He strolled past the window, hands in his pockets, walking at a leisurely pace. There was nothing terribly threatening or unsettling about him at all.
Jim Moriarty stood in the doorway, smiling. His hair was slicked back, his eyes dark.
Sherlock's hands roamed again, sliding down John's arms, pausing at the plastic ties that had chewed his wrists raw. The touch of his gloved fingers was achingly gentle. "It will be uncomfortable, but you should be able to sit up. I'll cut you loose."
"I think we're past the point of polite lies, John. Don't you?" Sherlock said, not unkindly, that sad smile still on his lips. "You can't even bear to be in the same room as me. Unsurprising. I
He turned on the tap, bent over the sink, splashed his face with cool water.
"And if your handler really is compromised?"
Brilliant.
There are hands on him immediately, pulling, grasping. He flails, suffocating in his coat, drowning in the billowing fabric. His throat is tight with grief.
Funny that he still thought of it that way. He still couldn't quite shake the habit.
Why would she wait until they'd moved in together to do such a thing? They'd barely cohabitated for two full days. Surely it wasn't
He shrugged again, smiled because there was no real anger in her voice, just a mildly amused impatience. "Sorry. Best I can do. I brought you your keys back, though."
"What's that supposed to mean?"
"You've watched the show?" John frowns.
Sherlock opened his eyes and met John's gaze, shivered at the emotion there. He hadn't seen. Somehow, he'd never seen it.
"Trying my best," John says. He struggles up onto one elbow. His hair is flattened on one side where he has had it buried in Sherlock's pillow, and that is
"That's not—"
Not enough. He'd known it, of course. He'd always known it wouldn't be enough. He'd known quite well, and he'd tried anyway, because—because—
"I'll come now."
It does not come.
So he'd brought it to the cottage. Had left it propped in a dusty corner of a forgotten bedroom, in the bolt-hole he'd never needed to use.
"Should be." John scratched at the back of his neck.
Sherlock opens his mouth, closes it again. He fears he has once again strayed off course.
He shook his head, looked down at the bag in his hand. Condensation had beaded up on the plastic.
"Had it in my flat for the last fifteen years," John shrugged, looking around, looking anywhere but at Sherlock. There was a small, self-deprecating smile working at the edges of his mouth. "Doesn't really go with the décor, but—"
"Oh, John," Mrs Hudson said. Her face fell as she looked at him.
"Look, if you want to shout at Mycroft, go ahead and shout at Mycroft."
That bewildered, stunned anger had thrown a bucket of cold water on John's own half-inebriated irritation. He hadn't wanted them to shout at each other. He hadn't wanted to upset Sherlock, or to hurt him, and yet that was exactly what he'd done. What he kept doing, over and over.
"Right," he said. "Yeah, I'll—"
They have descended the stairs together, sharp-edged and ill-tempered. There will be no peace until Rosie settles for an afternoon nap.
"Not in need of medical attention?" John snorted, shook his head. "Right. What happened to you?"
"Details vary."
John winced at the dismissive tone. "He overdosed, actually."
"John," Sherlock says. His voice has gone hesitant. His hand begins to slip from John's shoulder.
He can remember his first date with Mary. He can remember the way she'd smiled at him when she'd asked him out, the pair of them flushed with adrenaline and laughing over what they'd just experienced. He'd almost refused, Sherlock had still been heavy on his mind, but he'd made himself go. He'd had a lovely time. It had been the start of something good.
John winced.
It was all rather alarming.
"He's been tortured," John said. His voice broke as he thought about it, about the way Sherlock had said
"I didn't tell you that," Sherlock said.
"Ah, excellent. John, you've finally made it," Sherlock said.
"You said—earlier. You called me Sherlock."
He'd ruined it, he knew. He'd ruined it and John would leave and Sherlock would have to leave as well. Inevitable. It was why he'd bought the cottage, after all.
He climbed into the bed anyway, pulled the blankets around himself. He was cold. His head ached. There would be an investigation. He would need to answer questions. They should not have let him leave the scene. Why had they let him leave the scene?
"She did all of this in a month?"
"The way you always used to do when something came up. Just—barging in, making a scene. Dragging me off somewhere."
"Sherlock, I'm in London. If you—"
"Tea," John says, and his hand is still worrying at the back of his neck. He looks diminished, somehow, in the dim hall light. His face is pale, his eyes shadowed. The skin on the back of his knuckles is red and scraped raw, and it hurts her heart, that sight, even though Sherlock had told her weeks ago what might happen.
"You must have run something over," John said. He crouched down, prodded at the shredded rubber.
And he would
Alone does not protect Sherlock, and Sherlock hates being alone.
John looks up. Sherlock is still frowning at him.
"Some things are," he said.
John was standing next to his bed, tucking his few belongings back into the suitcase. He looked up at Sherlock's approach, held his gaze for a long moment.
John swallows, turns away to look out the window. Tries not to study his own reflection too closely.
"Shit," John said. He pinched the bridge of his nose, shut his eyes. "Tell me where you are and
"Gone where?"
Lestrade! She'd never let him see her before getting it touched up. The killer was someone she felt comfortable with, someone she wasn't afraid to let see the unsavoury bits."
Sherlock seemed agitated about something. John could tell from the stiffness in his shoulders, the way he bounced slightly on the balls of his feet.
Sherlock frowns at him.
Rosie was sound asleep in her cot.
and I can't tell—John, I have no idea how to tell if you actually mean that. If it would be better for you, if I stayed away."
The bartender had been young and lovely. Cream-pale skin, long dark hair. Light eyes. She'd had a quick wit and a generous smile and she'd teased him a bit, maybe flirted, and he'd made a halfhearted effort to flirt back. Christ, she'd been pretty. It had felt good, noticing another person again.
There was a slushy grey mess in the road, and traffic moved slowly.
"I wanted to feel as close to the city as possible," she says. "Flat on Baker Street. James Bond's car. Do you understand?"
It was for the best, he supposed. There was little point in engaging in idle fantasy.
Rosie is, without a doubt, the product of John and Mary. She is clever and stubborn and prone to fits of temper, a whirlwind of activity and energy and red-faced tantrums.
somehow he had lived, he had lived to open his eyes once more and it had been Sherlock's frightened face waiting for him when he did. Sherlock who always came for him, no matter what. In spite of everything.
John cleared his throat, realised he was still staring at her hands, looked away.
He had to stop. He had to stop doing that. It had been—it had been months. The better part of a year, at this point. He was Sherlock Holmes and he worked alone, and if he sometimes made too much noise late at night to lure his landlady upstairs because without her there the silence was far too loud and he couldn't seem to stay settled (he took no joy in being alone anymore, he simply paced and paced and drifted about the place like a bewildered ghost, ping-ponging off the furniture), then that was his business and his alone.
John nods numbly. Sherlock is across the street, he thinks. Sherlock should know about this. Sherlock should—
Well. He'd be glad she wasn't dead. He'd be happy for Rosie's sake, that she would still have her mother. He suspected his lingering sense of guilt over everything that had happened might finally be put to rest.
How many years, Sherlock wondered. How many years had he balanced on that knife's edge?
Retirementlock. After an argument and fifteen years of silence between them, Sherlock is surprised to find John at his door.
"Yeah, just like the others—" Molly must have seen something on his face, because her voice trailed off. "What is it?"
And then perking up, cheerful now, a bit false:
"Will you be coming back?"
He slipped his gun out from his waistband. It was a comfortable, familiar weight in his hand.
recall, you deeply resented my interference," Mycroft snapped back.
John smiles back. He cannot help it. He is furious and aching and he is certain that he will find new cause for despair in the morning. But Sherlock Holmes is alive, and pressed up next to him, and that is the sum total of all he has has wanted for the last long, terrible year.
But there was no room to be made. Not for John, not anymore. He didn't fit.
She looks around, but holds her tongue. She is carrying a cardboard box. He takes it from her. He ought to feel curious, he knows. But he feels nothing.
"Sorry," he says again. "Sorry—what? What creature?"
"Oh, is this the little one, then?" she asked.
He frowned, worried at his lip. Reached out, spun the wheels on the car.
John focused on his own breathing, on the warm and unexpectedly comforting weight of Sherlock's arm across his chest, holding him securely in place. The wool collar of Sherlock's coat, damp with its dusting of snow, tickling up against his chin.
"All right," she said, and laughed again. Her voice was bewildered, but not displeased. "Um—"
He couldn't do it again.
"I remember the case," he said, irritated now. "Yeah that—you took one look at the body, proclaimed it boring, and blamed the florist."
"Oh," Sherlock said. "Good."
"Yeah, I don't think I like that plan." John kept an eye on Jim in the mirror as he pulled his laptop bag closer against his side. He slipped his hand behind it, slid his fingers slowly along his waistband until he was able to close his hand around his gun where it nestled against the small of his back.
"Don't do that. Don't—try to tell me what I'm thinking."
He'd stood up, and Sherlock had listed over onto his side with a soft little sound, and John had stood looking down at him for a moment, already missing his warmth and wishing wishing wishing that he could have this, somehow, that he could wave his hand and remake them into different people entirely, the kinds of people who could do the things he wanted to do.
"Fine," John said without looking at him. "I'm on my way out—"
Neither Sherlock nor Janine were at Baker Street when John arrived to pick up Rosie.
"You could have just texted," John said, staring down at the box, feeling oddly fond. He looked up at Sherlock, dropped his voice. "'John, while you're at the shops, could you pick me up some of those chocolate biscuits?' You know. Something like that."
"Oh," John said, sitting upright with a sudden jolt. Awake with the speed of the soldier. "Sherlock, you—you can't go back to Baker Street. There's nowhere for you to—"
Lestrade finally calls him in for help with the serial suicide case.
He hesitated at a doorway on his left. The door was slightly ajar.
Written for the 2020
"Did I ever tell you?" John asked. He laughed, looked down at his hands. "About what it was like after your—well. After your miraculous return from the dead?"
"She claims to know someone in the Serbian Cabinet of Ministers. She gave me coordinates to a safe house—she—she wants you to go there. Now."
Trevor growled and planted himself, returned his attention to the sandwich.
And he'd hung up and breathed out hard, suddenly relieved that he wouldn't need to go through the motions of decorating his quiet little house, putting up a tree, making a fuss about it for Rosie's sake. Christmas had rather lost its lustre, over the years.
"I wasn't saying anything," she said. She snapped the cuffs into place.
He gulped his tea down.
"Please," Sherlock says.
"Looking to take credit for my design now, hm?" Moriarty smiles, a quick, unamused flash of white teeth. "Ugh. There really is no limit to what some people will do for their fifteen minutes of fame."
But Mycroft would have known the truth from his first gasped breath. And his last.
"Obviously you do," Mary said. She pronounced
"Sometimes they need coddling," Sarah said. "Not all the time, but sometimes. And that's—" she stopped, pursed her lips. "Look, John—I understand that veterans sometimes have difficulty—"
"Complete your mission, Soldier," John says. He shuts his eyes.
He'd been seized with a fit of restless activity, the need to
"Why?"
"Yes, I suppose it is.”
"Good," John said. "Great. Yeah. Have fun with that, then. Let me know how it goes."
"Not important—"
"That's—" John paused, looked at Sherlock with bewilderment etched in the lines of his face. "Not exactly what I was expecting."
"I'll need to leave in the morning," Sherlock said. "I have to meet a contact in Munich."
He worries at it in his mind. Constantly. At work, on the Tube, at the playground with Rosie, jogging a half step behind Sherlock down narrow London streets, sharing a meal in the warm comfort of Baker Street.
"Four," Hopkins said. She did not look nearly as pleased as Lestrade.
Matter decided, Sherlock reached for his laptop, dragged it off the desk towards him. He booked himself a one-way ticket on an evening train from Liverpool Street Station. Then he closed his laptop, sat drumming nervous fingers on the lid.
Sherlock stopped. Waited. His face was terribly, terribly blank.
That was fine. Mary stood just behind her, her back against the wall, her arms folded across her chest.
John's arms circle around him.
He opened it.
"I didn't know you wanted to dance!" Jeanette shouted in his ear, her hand sliding down his arm and pulling him in close.
John shook his head—fond, Sherlock thought, it was a fond gesture, not a frustrated one—and went into the bathroom. The shower curtain rustled. The ancient tap creaked. Water started running.
"John," Sherlock whispered.
Blood in an alleyway, his own and that of strangers. Flesh yielding under jagged glass.
Maybe it always has.
"We did already establish this, Molly,“ he said, abrupt, distracted, and even that seemed a bit forced, now that she was listening for it. "No need to repeat yourself. You know I hate when—”
"You've obviously been waiting for me to return home, the front door had barely closed before you opened yours."
John held his hands out, placating, and stepped closer to Sherlock.
she'd said. She'd been right, of course. It didn't make him like the painting any better.
"Well," Mary said, and she looked down at the ground for a moment before lifting her gaze back to meet his. "I'm looking forward to working with you. Which I said already. But I suppose that's the sort of thing worth saying again."
It is not working. Whatever John was hoping to accomplish over these past six months, whatever he was hoping to prove by selling the little house he'd shared with Mary and returning to build a home out of the rubble of Baker Street has not come to pass. He is a welcome presence, but he is
"Well," John said. "Maybe because it's true."
His phone had gone dark again. Furious at himself, he woke it up.
John bolted upright in his seat, his hand clenching against his thigh. He'd been right. He'd been bloody
When John opened his eyes, there was weak sunlight filtering through the window.
John opens his eyes. Frowns.
The flat felt strangely quiet. Empty.
Sherlock hesitates. Bites his lip. "Text me the address."
John wanted to be here.
"The cabbie?" He raised his brows, shook his head. "No, never. Why?"
The horse nudges its large head against his shoulder. He startles, then reaches a tentative hand up to stroke its neck.
"Mm," he agreed. His voice was mild. "Seemed to find it amusing. Took a photograph before she left. I'm sure it will surface again at a most inconvenient time. Like I said, bad idea."
He let go of the wheel, twisting around to grab for the gun over the back of his seat. John threw himself backwards out of his reach as the cab hurtled up onto the pavement, jolting, jostling. There was a brief glimpse of panicked faces through the window and then—
"The most accomplished and devious criminal mastermind the world has ever seen, a man with veritable empires under his command, and you've just shot him. Just like that."
"I'm not nervous."
It matters little, in the end. A man like Moriarty will have built contingency plans. Sherlock will have to jump, and Sherlock will have to die. There will be no going home.
The wine bottles she keeps under the kitchen sink disappear. So does the half-empty bottle of gin under the sofa he is not supposed to know about.
"I'm not going to kill you," the nurse said. She stepped closer to his bedside. Her gaze was cool, appraising. She reached up and pulled down her mask, let him see her face.
"I'll be back when you're ready," the chef said, and left them alone.
"No, I'm not—"
"On the table," Sherlock said.
Sherlock stood up. He had to squeeze past the cot to get to the wardrobe. He opened it, looked inside. John's shirts hung in a neat but cramped line. The wardrobe air smelled faintly of his detergent, his cologne.
John nodded, turned away.
John blinked at him.
When he returns, hours later, takeaway bag in hand, the flat is empty.
"Obviously they offered you a deal."
"Oi—" John said. "You don't even know if that's yours."
"Home-baked is much better than the ones you can get at—"
and she wasn't supposed to be dead and—
"Right," John said, smiling tightly. All of the breath had gone out of him. "Spot on. As always."
Sherlock stood up from his chair and went to the window, looked out through the frost-encrusted glass. The city below, ordinarily so vibrant—its heartbeat palpable and close—seemed oddly distant. Silent.
"Seems likely, though."
And he'd sent Molly in his stead.
Sherlock solved a handful of cases over Twitter. They met with a client distraught over an ill-suited Christmas gift her husband had purchased, and—well—if he was being honest, he supposed there was no
Sherlock had stood at the window with his violin and pretended not to be interested in the proceedings. There had been much to learn from John's gait on the stairs (steady, no hesitation), and the number of trips he took to carry boxes upstairs (minimal personal effects indicated a strong desire to leave the past behind).
Rosie was starting to kick up a fuss at being ignored. She'd gotten to her feet, taken a handful of wobbling steps to get to Molly's side, grabbed at her trouser leg.
Sherlock smoked another cigarette, waited. No one came into the garden.
Blinked.
"Do say something interesting," Sherlock had countered. "I'm afraid I'm rapidly losing patience."
"Well, no," John had admitted. "But
"Leave it on," he said. He almost did not recognise his own voice.
He poured the water, set Molly's cup in front of her. Stood for a moment with his hands clenched on the back of his chair, then sat.
would you want to remember that?"
She does not run. Instead she slows her stride, defeated, and stands facing the door. He looks at her back, at the tense line of her shoulders under a lumpy cardigan, at the wisps of grey hair working loose from a messy bun.
There had been mistletoe in the doorway on that terrible Christmas, the one that had ended in gunfire and helicopters and panic, his own wild cornered-animal mix of fear and rage, the sight of Charles Augustus Magnussen dead at Sherlock's hand.
His mistake had been in thinking John would remain waiting on the other side.
Nervous, John thought. He looked nervous. Why would he—
"Your phone," he said. An unpleasant flush of heat crawled up the back of his neck.
John turned in his chair, watched her over his shoulder. She was lovely and bright-eyed, like any happy bride should be on her wedding day. In a few hours, she was going to put on that dress, and she was going to stand at the altar with Sherlock and they were going to fool everyone into thinking they were madly in love.
They sat stiffly in a little café, pressed a bit too close by the morning rush. She curled her hands protectively around a hot mug.
Someone knocked on the door.
"Push Jimmy into marrying me."
John jolted, looked up.
"John," Mary said. Her voice was very close, the hint of her breath tickling his ear.
"Sherlock," John said again. He squeezed the phone tightly.
"Sherlock," Molly said, and she sat forward, her hands clenching against the couch. "Don't do this. Don't—you need to tell John. At least. Before—"
But look at who her parents are. Do you honestly think—" he stopped again, shook his head. Inexplicably, he smiled. "Did you ever really think she was going to live a quiet life?"
John sighed, looked up at the ceiling. "You were in the papers again."
John gave him a weary little smile. "She's miserable and feverish, but she'll be fine."
"Dinner," Sherlock said.
Harry was lost in thought, gazing out the window when John finally made it back to the table with their coffees.
be the ENTER key. There is a bright red key nestled in its place on the keyboard. This key reads EXECUTE.
"The pink lady. 'A Study in Pink.' The first case we—well—" John smiled, looked away. "That's my favourite."
He hung up without waiting to hear what she had to say. Set his phone face down on the counter. Picked up his drink.
Instead he'd continued on to Sussex, spent an hour by the sea listening to the crash of the surf and the cry of birds. There was a sort of comfort to be found in the wild salt air.
"Sorry," he says.
Well. It had been some time since he'd felt quite this unmoored.
John had said, but Sherlock has never been very good at letting things alone.
He'd given a tight smile in response to Mr Holmes' cheeky little grin, had nodded in Mary's direction in a way that he hoped had looked sufficiently convincing. And he'd gone into the kitchen to pour himself a drink, and on the way back down the hallway, he'd bumped into Sherlock.
He'd loved her. He was sorry she was dead. But he did not miss her.
"Come on," Mary says. "John. Come on.
There were a handful of people working efficiently in the ballroom—moving chairs, unfurling table linens, arranging the centerpieces, transforming the cavernous empty space into the vision that Sherlock had paid for.
Their exit was entirely ordinary, unremarkable.
"Peas. You make that—thing. Sometimes. With peas."
Another thump from the dressing room.
And John was there, John's familiar voice cutting through the cacophony and above all else it was imperative that he believe the lie.
A disbelieving, scoffing sound. "You honestly expect me to believe that you deleted Victor because it was efficient?"
"Yes," he said, then winced. "Well, no. Something's come up. I'm sorry about—"
"Seriously?" John lifted his head, feeling a spark of outrage on Janine's behalf.
"They just like to watch me work," he said.
"Did Harry leave something behind?"
"All right," John said. "Fine. I
John cannot bear to look at that smile for very long, and so he leans forward to peer up at the sky instead, his gaze tracing over the beautiful rippling pattern of mammatus clouds.
"You were—"
"You speak of betraying trust," Sherlock said. "I don't believe it was ever in Mary's nature to trust fully. Someone with her history would have developed very strong associations between trust and leverage, and the interactions you speak of—"
"I have to—I just have to—I have to see—"
"He called her his protégée," Sherlock said, still staring down at the painting. "Why would he do that?"
"No," Walsingham said, and there was something defeated in his voice. "You're right. Of course. If all had gone to plan, we'd be off on holiday. Hattie does so love the beach."
She moved towards him, but he waved her off, gripping the edge of a table to keep himself upright. He closed his eyes, sucked in air through clenched teeth.
"Hm? Oh, that?" Sherlock rolled his eyes. "I'm not. The stage offered a good place to keep an eye on the crowd in case my suspect showed up."
"I know she's bright," John snapped. "But she's my sodding
There is nothing grand or impressive about the exit. It is an unassuming side door, gated and locked, that feeds out into a sterile white hallway. Presumably the teeming herds of tourists that filter through have already been awed into opening their wallets by the time they reach that point. There is no need to entertain them further.
"I think that—" John pauses, risks a glance. "Sorry, what?"
"Robert Walsingham's missing bride," Sherlock says. "Seems the sort of thing you'd write up."
He retreated into his bedroom, stripped out of his pyjamas, put on trousers and a shirt. Slipped back into his dressing gown.
John smiles tightly, lifts one damp hand to scratch at the back of his neck. He looks baffled, and a little frustrated, and very, very tired.
The furniture—old and new—had been arranged. Sherlock had carefully hung their clothes in the bedroom wardrobe while John puttered with the bookshelves in the sitting room.
He'd been so careful around her, these past long months. So careful to keep his temper in check, to not terrorise her with raised voices and angry words.
"She's lovely," the woman says. "Have a nice day."
He fumbled his phone out of his pocket with leaden fingers. Dialed Mycroft.
He was trembling. He forced his hands steady, opened his eyes. Stared at a small brown spider creeping along the wall.
The first two inns they tried were booked.
would ever spare him a second glance. He'd just accepted it as fact. He'd allowed a monster into his life, had held the door wide open, and he'd never even questioned it.
"I don't have friends," he said, holding out a hand to keep John at bay, his tone dark, warning.
John's smile fades. He looks away.
But that was impossible. That would mean—
Mary had said.
"Sorry," John says, in the morning. He sits, bleary and rumpled on the sofa, rubbing at the back of his neck.
John did not relax his grip on Sherlock's hand. Sherlock did not pull away.
"Hm?"
"Fine, yeah," he said. He cleared his throat.
Sherlock said nothing. He did not move.
Sherlock turned, started back towards the flat. The wind bit through the thin fabric of his shirt and he regretted leaving his coat behind.
"Take off your clothes," Sherlock said.
"Good morning," she said. Her voice was cautious.
When he opened them again, Sherlock had started a fire. There was a sweating glass of whisky on the end table. John lifted it to his mouth, let out a little hum of pleasure.
"She was happy," Pete said. He looked a bit lost. "I mean—she was grieving, but she was getting better. He was a monster. You have no idea. The things he said—he—he held her back. She would have been miserable. I saved her from all of that."
Only to remember the children at the glass.
The silence hangs between them a shade too long.
John nods. His mouth feels dry.
"She said you do that," John says. He's staring at Sherlock with an expression that seems caught halfway between amazement and outrage.
John stepped back slightly, tilted his head so that he was looking straight into Sherlock's eyes. His face was flushed, his lips swollen, his eyes dark and damp. He smiled, a small thing, but genuine. Shut his eyes. Nodded once, a short, sharp little movement.
He'd made a mess of that one all on his own.
Rosie shrieks again, writhes in John's arms. John shuts his eyes. Shakes his head.
His fault. All his fault. He'd taken her away, he'd isolated her. First he'd abandoned her, then he'd whisked her away from everything she'd ever known.
"I—yes," Sherlock said. He thought of Barts morgue, and Molly Hooper, who would be finishing up her night shift in less than an hour. The hospital corridors were mostly empty this time of night. He'd be able to slip in undetected.
John's hand is on his arm. How did that happen? How has John managed to surprise him so, time and time again?
John shut his eyes, swayed forward. "Christ, me too."
"I—" Sherlock said.
"I'm sorry," John said. He held up his hands, placating. "I needed to speak with you—"
Sherlock opened his eyes. Frowned. "Is that normally how you greet your romantic partners?"
Sherlock frowns. He tucks his chin in a bit, his face hardening and softening at the same time. It is a peculiar expression. "Yes," he says.
"John?" Sherlock stepped closer. He held out his hand. A question.
"I saw your photos of that EF3 you caught in Bridge Creek last month," Moriarty had said, his gaze landing on Sherlock and sharpening into something that John did not like.
Sherlock thought but didn't say.
Sherlock crossed the room to the window, looked out. The warmth was gone, replaced by an odd, trembling cold. He calculated the odds of a well-timed car accident. Stabbing. Gas line explosion. He was not picky.
Later, he sits across a table from a murderer and calculates his odds of survival.
It had felt permanent. Momentous.
The keys to the Baker Street flat had been gifted to Rosie.
Sherlock looks at him. His eyes are very pale in the shifting shadows of the oncoming storm. "There are certain things that I have—come to care about."
It strikes him that he has wanted to do this for a very long time—simply to hold Sherlock for the sake of holding him. To love Sherlock for the sake of loving him.
"Yes, well," John clears his throat, looks away. "Like I said. She was worried."
He thought about Sherlock willingly walking into a crowded pub, seeking out Janine for one last public row. And then staying to dance with her. The pair of them, on the dance floor, under the lights.
She looks up at him, a polite smile frozen on her face, and he swears it is like looking into the face of a stranger.
"Fun night, was it?"
He thought of the baggie, the one she'd carefully concealed in his pants drawer, the one he'd cupped in a trembling and desperate hand.
He sniffed, looked down at Rosie.
"Let him ruin me? Hm, no, don't think so. Not my idea of a good time. Might cramp my style."
"Yes," Sherlock said. "A stroke of good fortune, that. Otherwise I'd be out a fiancee."
John opened the door.
He opened his eyes, looked helplessly at Mycroft.
"Everything," Sherlock said. "Utterly inappropriate for a wedding cake."
"What should I—?"
Janine's hairbrush was on the counter, a stray dark hair coiled in the bristles. The small room smelled like her shampoo. There were two toothbrushes in the little holder.
Her eyes snapped to his, wide and surprised. She nodded.
John, with a bashful smile, his eyes averted, a plastic daisy tucked behind his ear. Swirls of rich colour behind him, indistinct, the chaos of London blurring by.
"You know. There are a thousand Vegas sob stories that all start out the same way," John says. "Too many drinks. An overabundance of 24-hour wedding chapels."
easier for me to show you all the steps if I'm working with a partner. So if you could just come on up here Mr—?"
John took a half step backwards and clasped his hands behind his back. Frowned.
"Looks like it fits," John said.
miss.
"So nice you said it twice," John said, and her answering smile sparked something in his chest he'd thought long extinguished.
"He'll be up," John says. He kisses her forehead, goes out of the room.
"I always assumed—" Sherlock stood up, went to the window. His fingers twitched and he longed for something to occupy them. His violin. A cigarette. "I always assumed I'd end up here eventually. But I'd never imagined the circumstances could be happy ones."
Sherlock's silence is so terribly, terribly loud.
"She'll be happy for me," John said. "I think. Once she's done being pissed off, that is."
"Or not," John said, hastily withdrawing his hand.
John walked back to his desk, dropped heavily into his chair. He put the safety back on his gun, left it lying warm and heavy in his lap like a favoured pet.
He was already making plans, Sherlock knew. The idea of the cottage had taken hold. He might offer up a token protest, but he had already decided which of the upstairs bedrooms would function as a little office, and which one they would claim as their own.
The vow. That fucking vow, the one Sherlock had made with his eyes gleaming in the candlelight, Mary in John's arms on the dance floor. The vow John had thrown in his face.
Not John. Mary.
"Of course it's not," Sherlock said. "It's what Mycroft wants."
"You want to keep bees."
"The horse," Sherlock says, a tinge of desperation in his voice.
with Sherlock and Janine. He'd let it get to him.
"I—" she hesitated, gathered herself. "Because I know him. He's not capable."
he does not say. He rubs his fingers over his lips, thinks of Rosie's laughter, unfettered, joyful. John's voice through the thin bathroom door. Happy. Or, at least, near enough. John, his conductor of light. Always.
For some reason that made Sherlock smile again. He did not respond.
"You don’t say.“
"And yet he's seen fit to—forgive?"
John had said about his daughter.
Mary was still crumpled at his feet. Except it wasn't Mary any longer. It was Evan Bell, Evan Bell with eyes as faded blue as the Afghan sky he'd died under. And how the hell had Evan Bell found his way here, to the London Aquarium, when he'd been dead for years and years and years?
Sherlock cupped his hands, gathered water. Sluiced it over the web until the fine silk had been washed away. He stepped into the spray, let the hot stream hit his face and shoulders. Tipped his head down and stared down at the wet tiles, watched red-stained water circle the drain.
Sherlock clapped his hands together. Sat back. "That's what McCarthy was after."
Sherlock sat in his chair and stared at the unlit fireplace. His neck ached. His legs were tense, jumpy. He regretted not going to bed and stretching out properly.
Sherlock turned the taps, stepped aside to wait for the water to warm.
As they reached the landing, Sherlock bumped their shoulders together, a tentative hand snaking out to capture John's own.
"Seems to help," Sherlock said, finally. "People say it does. Doesn't it?"
"No sense dwelling on the past," Sherlock said, and even as he spoke he thought of the slippery-smooth bones in his hands, small and light and fragile. Thought of his own panicked breaths and pounding heart as he'd dangled there over the edge, how he'd been silent, how he had not once cried out. Wondered what it had been like for Victor, how long he'd waited for rescue before realising that no one was coming. If he'd called for help. If his voice had grown hoarse and tired and cracked. If he'd been frightened, if he'd been cold, if he'd been hopeful or resigned to his fate.
"Good," Sherlock said faintly. "That's—good."
"John," Mary said without looking at him. "If you could make up your mind, that'd be great. You keep waving that gun around and it's distracting."
John laughed. He could not help himself. It bubbled up from his chest, forced its way up his throat, violent, uncontrollable.
Blood roared in his ears as he looked at the photograph, the unmistakable face, those unforgettable eyes.
"Hi," John said.
His hand trembles as he reaches for the keyboard. He is careful. So very careful. But quick. He does not have much time. Instinctively, he knows this.
Back through the side door, into the crowded room with the string quartet and the steady hum of conversation. Plates clinked together. Someone laughed, the sound overloud and startling.
John was leaving. He'd given it a go. No one could argue that he hadn't. He'd tried to make the best of it, moving back in to Baker Street with his daughter in tow, but clearly the environment was not what he needed. What
He doubled over in his chair, his face flushing up hot, blood roaring in his ears, his vision blurring, his eyes stinging.
He stopped to look at the schedules. There was a sign advertising the Bluebell Railway the clerk at the inn had been so enthusiastic about. It was weatherworn, the colour faded in parts.
He glances up to gauge John's expression. Surely if he means to begin shouting, it will happen now.
"God," John said, his heart aching. He slowed his movement, held his hands up in surrender.
Sherlock swallowed. His face felt warm, his chest tight. There was little point engaging in such an exercise. He had not asked John to stay. John had left and had not returned. Those were the facts. They could not be altered.
"That's great," John said. "But this dog isn't mine. And he's not friendly."
Thank you again to
"Right," John says. He is not terribly surprised that Sherlock is thinking about storms. Sherlock is always thinking about storms. Nothing, and no one, could ever hope to compete with that. "Well, look, I—I don't want to hold you up. If you could just sign the papers, I'll get out of your way."
Poor, dear Sherlock did always chide John for being unobservant, sometimes unfairly (in her opinion), but
"Oh-kay?" John said, stepped where Sherlock was indicating.
John smiled, a bewildered little smile. Shook his head a little bit. "Fine, like I said. I mean, well, not
Mycroft turned to look at him, his brows raised. Behind him, the grind and clank of the crane, the crack of old wood, the crunch of brick and stone.
Sherlock joined in, a cautious rumble at first, then a full on laugh.
Sherlock paused by the door, stared at their coats, side by side on hooks. He closed his eyes.
"Or something," Sherlock said. "Sorry about your conference."
"And I have a dog in all of them."
John laughs in spite of himself, looks down. He is warm all over.
"The dog," John says, desperate for an anchor, for something to grasp hold of. The world seems to be spinning around him. "What did you mean, just now, about the dog?"
She laughed. It was a disbelieving sound, tinged with sadness.
"No," he said. "No, thank you. I—erm—"
He frowned at her. "A . . . chorus of waiters?"
"What are you—?"
"Is there a case?" John asked. He smiled blandly.
John smiled politely, leaned against the counter in her cramped little kitchen. Watched as she added another healthy splash of liquor, almost certainly more than the recipe called for.
"Mary Morstan broke up with you."
"I don't know," Sherlock said, and he sounded troubled.
"He could have used the time to move the corpse. Could have covered his tracks. Instead, he called the police and all but guaranteed his own arrest. He's not the killer, John."
"So that's it?"
The day would come, soon enough, where one or the other of them would not open their eyes. Where there would be no last-minute intervention, no miraculous rescue, no triumphant return. He'd held his wife in his arms as the life drained from her body, and he'd been too numb and horrorstruck and
They insisted on keeping him overnight in hospital for observation.
John smiles back at him. It is a sad smile. The morning sun finds his hair and glints off of the few golden strands remaining amidst the grey. "Not quite the same, though, is it?"
"Yeah, all right, I think that's enough," Lestrade said, his eyes bright (and now it was painfully clear, telegraphed in his every movement, in the smoothness of his shave, in the fit of his suit jacket, the neat line of his haircut—Lestrade was a man in love). "I'd be—well, I think we'd
Still angry, then. But she had sat on the sofa. She could have gone straight upstairs to her bedroom. She could have packed the remainder of her things and moved out. She could have called Mycroft. She had not done any of that. It meant she was looking to engage, in some way. She wanted to be reached.
She reminded him of John, like this. How John had been, once, years ago. Quiet and contained and so very angry.
"I know," he said again.
Janine held his gaze. Her eyes were damp, but they did not spill over.
The hall outside the morgue was quiet and empty. His own footsteps echoed distractingly.
that, John, don't you understand how—" Sherlock turned away, his shoulders rising and falling with his rapid breaths.
A murmur ran through the crowd.
"John, don't," Sarah hissed. "Just sit back down."
"Got that the first time," Sherlock said. He tried to laugh, but it emerged as a weak rasp.
John shifted where he stood, looked down at his hands. "I am, apparently, utter shit at letting you know what you—how important you—"
none of it was real, and he doubted Sherlock would have wanted a stag night even if it was.
There had been three months of solving cases together, like the old days. Three months of John arriving in the morning and settling into his chair, brows raised indulgently as Sherlock spoke with an endless parade of clients. Three months of Rosie toddling unsteadily on the rug, finding her way around the flat with bright eyes and curious fingers.
John choked down his own disappointment, slipped the other phone out of his pocket. His stomach sank as he read the name flashing on the screen.
John smiled again, looked at the window.
"What?" Sherlock's voice was suspicious. "What is it? What's funny?"
try to seduce my fiancé in a dressing room."
Robert Walsingham had appeared at the flat early on a Sunday morning, announcing his arrival with two rings of the buzzer—the first a tentative strike at half pressure, the second press firmer, more sure.
It was the sort of thing that would have driven Sherlock barmy.
"You already know."
he typed, and then winced.
of it he'd surely object, he'd want to do things legally, honourably. John still believed in Queen and Country and justice and the due process of law. John believed in things that were good and right and Moriarty believed in none of those things, and none of those things would stop him.
"They couldn't wait to get rid of us. He had the coordinator in tears."
He'd never questioned it. Not once. He'd never wondered why someone so young, so pretty, so lively, so
"He was surprisingly good. At the, er, wedding planning," John said. "Though I don't know
"I don't know what you're talking about."
Sherlock did not speak.
"It's not the fall that kills you, it's the landing," Sherlock said, once more peering into the mouth of the well.
John picked up the phone and looked at it. There were photographs, old text messages. He scrolled through them, bemused.
He frowns. "I, erm, hadn't realized you'd thought about that at all."
"Keep your eyes open," Sherlock said, voice sharpening as he brushed past John to lift his suit out of the wardrobe. "With any luck, our killer will strike during the ceremony and save us the tedium of dinner."
" she said, and huffed a laugh.
Evan Bell.
John's hand twitched, resumed its unconscious circling on his back.
"Easier to cut ties that way," Mary said. Bitterness had seeped into her tone.
There is a woman watching them from the end of the aisle, a withered old crone, stooped and unkempt. There are age spots on her trembling hands. She smiles.
The waiter left, mumbling and shaking his head. John took another sip of wine.
John had been
"And this phone is at your flat."
"No? What do they usually say?"
Nothing he couldn't handle. And he had. Handled it. He was Sherlock Holmes, after all, known to be indestructible.
"He'd poured himself a drink, but hadn't consumed it. Just the one. Not inebriated. Not enough to dull the senses. But he was distracted. Distracted enough that he was unaware of someone else's presence in the flat. Distracted. Distracted by
This one housed the wedding cake, tall and resplendent. White fondant and buttercream flowers curled in a delicate pattern along the towering tiers.
It hadn't made sense, the way he'd just given up, gone back to his solitary life with only the most cursory of efforts.
Lazarus ignored the question. "Were you hurt?"
Stag night. Lestrade wanted to know about a stag night.
After a moment, Sherlock shifted where he stood. "Was there—something—?"
He looked very dead.
"—But," Sherlock pressed on. "There are other times—times when you say things like
some part of him resented the intrusion.
"I—" he said.
John reached out, pressed two fingers against the sweaty, slick-hot skin of Sherlock's neck, felt for a pulse. It was a slow, sluggish thrum beneath his fingertips.
A case? A client?
Sherlock tuned him out. Stood up. Brushed past Molly and went through the kitchen, down the hall into his bedroom. Shut the door.
"All right," John says, after a time. He stands up. His knees pop.
"Different how?"
"John."
"Who are they? Where can I find them?"
Sherlock walked up the little stone path to the front door.
"No such department," she said, and tapped something else into her phone.
"More local," Sherlock said, speaking slowly, his brow furrowed up.
"By my estimates, you should have been able to reach Baker Street and retrieve the phone in—"
"The greatest detective in the world, so all the papers say," Pete said. He kept the gun trained on Sherlock. "But you had no idea."
"Is it?"
"I didn't have anyone waiting for me," John said. "When I was deployed. But some of my mates did. And it—they said it helped. When things got bad. To think about their girl back home."
"Secret?" John asked again. He followed Janine into the sitting room, stood behind her and looked up at the wall over the sofa, which had been plastered with photographs.
"That's my taxi," she said. She went into the kitchen, lifted the garment bag off of the table.
remorse.
It's bad enough that he's here.
"You cleaned," he said.
Sherlock looks at him. Frowns. He cannot think of a single thing to say.
The lift doors opened, and Sherlock swept out into the hallway, headed for the exit.
His loss of faith had been premature. His confidence had wavered, that was all. John
She had not seemed particularly bothered by Sherlock's behaviour all day, shrugging it off easily between each dramatically staged and rapidly escalating argument. Of course, she'd have known it was coming. Yet John doubted there was really any way one could ever truly prepare for such a thing. He'd seen Sherlock in action before, had seen him slip into and out of roles like changing costumes, and even he had been a bit surprised by the . . . vehemence of it all.
Sherlock pursed his lips, tucked his chin. He appeared lost in thought.
There are voices coming from the direction of the barn. People, hurrying across the field towards him, raising the alarm.
"More or less," he agreed. She was not crawling yet, though she seemed close to putting it all together.
Missing scene at the end of TLD. Sherlock finds John after his encounter with Eurus.
"Perfect," she echoed. She fluttered her eyelashes, smiled. Her teeth gleamed.
"He's pissed off," she'd said.
The surgery in Chelmsford that hired John on was not much different from the one he'd left behind in London.
"Were you?" she asked, finally.
"I called—"
So I suppose you've all seen the news already. He's gone and done it. Sherlock Holmes is engaged and officially off the market.
The floor gave a great, shuddering groan and caved in. John barely had time to draw in a shocked breath, his stomach lurching as he dropped.
"I—" Sherlock said.
He stood blinking for a moment, thought of those two coats, still hanging neatly side-by-side on hooks downstairs. He didn't want to think on what that might mean, so he went into the kitchen, put the milk in the fridge.
He pinched the brow of his nose, shut his eyes. When he opened them again, Evan Bell was standing across the street watching him.
John raised his brows, looked both pleased and surprised. This—this did not bode well. Perhaps he should have asked John to repeat himself, but he did so loathe repetition.
"Try it," Sherlock said. "Try it and. If it's not—if you're unhappy, then look for something else. You can take your time. Find something suitable."
She was wearing a ghastly green jumper with a red reindeer on it. The reindeer had tiny bells on its stitched antlers that jingled when she walked. It had been making patients smile all day.
John sat stunned for a moment, still shivering in spite of the heat pouring out of the vents. Then he opened his own door.
She looked back at him, her eyes hard. "What you are to him? I could never be that. I wanted to. I used to want that. But."
"Mary's left me," he says, because he can think of no other way to say it.
There was no mention whatsoever of what had happened in his office. Not once did Vivian Norbury's name appear, nor Mary Morstan, nor James Moriarty.
"I barely slept that night, you know."
But he'd liked them. All of them.
"The person who stole the cadaver doesn't know where it ended up," Sherlock says. He looks straight ahead as he walks, not turning to see if John has followed. "Well—he likely knows where it ended up
He'd done a shit job of it.
He can only assume Fitzroy to be the mysterious guest.
John fights the urge to smile. "It's a design idea we worked on at NSSL. Back when we—" he hesitates, clears his throat. "Back when I did this sort of thing."
"Sherlock—"
He gestured at the camera in the corner of the room, and the door buzzed.
and—Christ, she could have come face-to-face with James Moriarty and his flat dead eyes. She could have—
John is very familiar with that tone. "You know, since you both seem to be ignoring the tornado. Guess you've decided to catch the next one?"
Sherlock looked away. "What is?"
Lestrade gave him a funny look. "Oh?"
Not ideal, he thought, but needs must.
All of John's previous relationships had eventually come down to a choice:
"Right," John said. He frowned, waited.
Pain came first. Then the cold, seeping slow and steady through his limbs.
"Yet something made you come."
"No one can predict the future," Sherlock said. "You can't know that. It's impossible."
Sherlock shut his eyes, forced himself to stop thinking.
"Mm," Sherlock agreed. "I always am."
They didn't say the important things out loud.
"What now?"
"Can't. First dance lesson is tonight," Janine said.
Sherlock blinked at him.
He supposed he did look rather ghastly. A living corpse, still bloodstained and damp from the rain-soaked pavement. Startlingly out of place even amidst the refrigerated bodies and chilled surgical steel of the morgue.
The key.
Originally posted on
"Except—" Mycroft spoke slowly, letting his words trail off as if a thought were just occurring to him. It was an old technique, and a boring one, designed to catch someone off guard.
The wind roars and howls and shrieks. Sherlock's truck groans, rolls backwards, tires dragging through the thick mud.
Something in her face softened. She gave a helpless little shrug.
"Right," John said. "Well.  She's the only one who accepted."
Silence fell between them. It was comfortable. John leaned his head back against the headrest and listened to the indistinct babble of the crowd that surrounded them.
It was not Sherlock calling. It was Lestrade.
"Tea?" Sherlock slammed the bathroom door.
He watched as she struggled out of the sleeves. The silence between them felt thick, palpable.
agreeable, if he'd done irreparable damage to their bond.
"Flirting?" Sherlock sniffed as the taxi pulled into traffic. "Bit rude, isn't it? We were picking out our wedding cake."
"I want the best for him, John," she said. "If this is what will make him happy, then so be it, but—"
Mycroft nodded again.
He swatted upwards at John, trying to push him back. Idiot. Didn't he realize there was a sniper? Sherlock had painted a target on his head, had marched up to his door and delivered the fatal bullet himself. There was blood on John's face, splashed across his cheeks in a shocking red spray.
John huffed, folded his arms across his chest. It had been one of the more chaotic crime scenes he'd seen. Guests milling about with cameras, a weeping bride, a shocked and stuttering vicar, and amidst it all the groom—sprawled face-up and gape-mouthed before the altar in his tuxedo, crushed flowers strewn in his wake.
He thought of the days immediately following Mary's death, when Molly had been there without complaint, without question. For days on end, she'd been there while he'd fallen apart.
It was all Mycroft's fault.
One of them swung at him. He ducked, twisted free of their hold. One of them lurched forward and Sherlock headbutted him, split his lip. The second man tackled him to the ground.
The wind picks up, ruffling his hair. He keeps himself from tipping his head back and looking at the sky, but only just.
"You need to—"
"What took you so long?"
He imagines it, imagines stepping out into the daylight with John. Imagines looking across the Thames at the Hungerford bridge,  his skin crawling with discomfort and shame. He thinks about sharing a taxi with John, sitting shoulder-to-shoulder, quiet and achingly aware of the memories that he has doubtless stirred to the surface. He thinks about going home, where he can see in familiar lighting just how miserable John truly is.
the city he'd always loved, punched the breath out of him, left him reeling, dizzy and sick with longing. For a moment, just a moment, he could not fathom why he'd ever left at all.
He'd considered her for a moment.
"John," Sarah says, and she is shaking her head slowly. "What are you
"Just. In Afghanistan. There was an American soldier. A kid, really. Got to know him a bit." He glanced at Sherlock, read neither interest nor disinterest in his mild expression. "He told us his dad had played pro ball, a few years back. Never got famous or—just—not one of those names you read in the papers. Just. Played ball, until he blew out his knee."
It was only downhill from there.
"You don't want to leave," Sherlock says. He blinks, blinks again. Tries to make sense of what he is hearing.
Rosie made a delighted sound, reached out her hands.
John craned his neck, found the coat and jacket on the ground, tossed aside. A hasty, careless pile. Not at all the way Sherlock normally treated his clothes. John stared. Sherlock's gloves were slumped lifelessly by the door. They were torn, dark and wet at the edges of the frayed leather.
John awoke in the early morning feeling poorly rested and hungover, though he'd not had anything to drink the night before. He'd slept badly, his thoughts muddled and confused. He'd dreamt of Sherlock, and of Evan Bell, and of blood on the pavement in the shadow of Barts Hospital.
"You know, if you two were actually getting married, I'd have some real concerns," John said.
Just like that, he'd been ready to throw his life away.
At some point he had shut his eyes. He opened them again, suddenly anxious for the visual input, for some sign that this was happening, that his mind had not simply decided to take a particularly fanciful detour.
"Why would I do that?"
"It will be all right," John murmured, his lips brushing Sherlock's ear in a way that made him shiver.
"Not exactly the best time," Sherlock said. He moved forward, took Janine's hand.
"Sorry, what?"
Sherlock shook his head, opened his mouth to speak. His brow furrowed up.
MY GIRLFRIEND'S NAME IS MARY MORSTAN. WE LIVE TOGETHER.
to have that tone and that demeanor and that cool detached expression aimed in his direction.
"Someone's been offing insufferable grooms," Janine said.
"You've been here for a while, now," Sarah said. She sat down in one of the stiff-backed chairs facing John's desk. Her gaze was very direct. "Almost three years."
John finished his tea. He set the empty mug back down on the desk, opened his drawer, looked at his gun. He did not touch it. After a long moment, he shut the drawer, stood up, and went to dress for work.
"Stay behind Anderson," he says again. "You'll be safe there. Everything will be fine."
"Well," John said, injecting a bit of forced lightness into his voice. "Good. Yeah."
Molly let out a startled cry, unbalanced, her left hand flying out to catch herself on the arm of Sherlock's chair and her right hand splashing the full contents of her wine glass down the front of Rosie's dress.
, and originally posted to Tumblr in two parts:
"You want to argue about Moriarty," Sherlock says.
She stepped back, melted into the crowds streaming past on the pavement.
"What is it?" John pressed, stepping closer. He dropped his voice.
"Jesus," he says again. He puts the bottle down, looks at the screen. "Sherlock, what the hell were you trying to do?"
There was mud on the carpet just below the window (faint imprint of a man's shoe, size ten), and a smear of the same drying on the window ledge. Someone had entered the room via the window and had not bothered to pull it closed behind them. Sherlock stooped to feel at the carpet. It was damp.
He looked surprised, Sherlock thought. Even though he'd pulled the trigger himself.
"Peanuts."
Sherlock stopped, the smile slipping from his face. "No?"
"Good night, John," he says.
"It's only been a week, I'm hardly sober," Sherlock said out loud. He felt around in the compartment, cupped the little baggie in his palm.
Mrs Hudson called something to him through her door as he stepped back inside. He ignored her, went up the stairs, rubbing at his arms. A bubble of panic had settled in his chest, and he swallowed convulsively.
"Why should I?" John said. He laughed, a hollow, hoarse sound.
Sometimes he appears at the table where John is sweating in his suit with a ring in his pocket, except he doesn't lead in with an elaborate ruse, he simply sits down in Mary's empty chair and puts his hands flat on the white tablecloth and says
John looks back at him. Sighs. "If you're looking for me to tell you that it was a stupid idea to leap into a tank full of sharks in search of a partially-eaten human hand—"
were undesirable behaviours, though he tended to be flexible when it came to the showing off.
"See, you need to think about it, which means it's been too long."
"I gave you my number," Moriarty had said, his hand alighting briefly on Sherlock's arm. His gaze had found John's across the room and held it. "I thought you might call."
Sherlock sighed, rolled his eyes. Looked back towards the kitchen, where his microscope beckoned.
Their design. The culmination of years of work.
leave. And, of course, there's the one piece of evidence that's the most damning of all."
"Sherlock—"
It was contagious, that enthusiasm. It always had been, and it always would be. He could feel it in his veins, in his lungs. A siren call. The thrill of the chase.
"Do you want to be here? Really? Be honest with me."
She laughed, the tension broken. "Not a chance. You know he's really talented with—"
terribly.
He nods, as if that is a reasonable answer. "You think the horse has run off."
Sherlock sits up straight, surprised. "Not interested? Why aren't you interested? By my calculations—"
else. He closed his book of samples and went. No, he
He brushed past her, heard her startled inhalation.
Sherlock's lips quirked, some private amusement. "Yes."
He laughed, little more than a gust of breath pushed out through his teeth. Clenched his hand, released it, let his fingers worry at a loose thread in his shirt cuff. Something fluttered in his chest, something that felt uncomfortably like relief.
He steps out of the car. The sky is lightening, slate gray.
He attempts to return the favour.
"Yeah, well, that's the plan," John said. "Have to start looking for a place. Maybe something a little closer. Bit smaller."
"Why are we talking about this?"
He did not look out the window at the passing scenery. He did not think about crumbling stone, about slick treacherous darkness. He did not think about wagging tails and cold noses, did not think of noise and heat and licking flames barely glimpsed through hazy smears of smoke.
"All right," Janine said. She gave him a long, level look. "Went to Slaney's. Here—" she held out her phone. "Pictures."
"You can display the others, fine, it's not the worst idea you've ever had. Even if she is only doing this for her own personal amusement, she's clearly getting something out of it. But—" he'd stopped, stared at the painting again.
"Sherlock," John said again.
"I'm told
"No," he agrees. He puts the lid back on the box. The thing inside is uncomfortable to look at. "Seems like he wasn't."
Officially, Gregory Lestrade did not know anything of what had happened at Appledore. Officially, he’d been fed the same story as the public—Charles Magnussen had been felled by a stray bullet from an overeager member of the task force.
He considers this for a moment. Yes, he supposes those
Sherlock did not turn around.
Sherlock did not move as John fled through the door.
John leaned forward to get a better look at the victim.
Most nights, that was fine.
"John," Sherlock said, his voice low. They did not talk about Mary. It seemed somehow dangerous to start now.
He remembered, now, where he'd heard the name.
he'd told her, which was the truth.
"—concerned," Sherlock finished.
It was raining outside. It had been raining steadily since he'd returned home in the early hours of the morning. The rain, though unpleasant, was infinitely preferable to snow.
"Your supposed rescue mission is anything but."
"Over there," Sherlock clarified.
He startled, whipping his head around to stare at it where it lay, harmless like a coiled snake, on the kitchen table. The screen was illuminated.
Sherlock set two teacups on the kitchen table. Dropped a tea bag into each cup. "You'd have spent a significant amount of time outdoors in Afghanistan, although—"
like to remain current), but there has been an Aston Martin parked in that same space for as long as she's lived in London.
"That they mind," he added.
He opened his eyes. Lestrade was in the sitting room next to the smashed television, one hand on the back of his head. He was looking down at John's mobile on the floor.
The red rug was scratchy under his cheek. There was grit caught in the fibres, little bits of dirt and gravel. Sherlock could probably identify where it had all come from, could map his steps through London by the dirt he'd left behind.
A small smile quirked at the corner of Sherlock's mouth. "Exactly."
"Seems reasonable," John says.
John clenched his hand, looked away.
"You're thinking it was the photographer?" John had said, smiling a little. "Getting to be a bit cliché, yeah?"
John laughed a little without meaning to. Sherlock was frowning down at his phone. There was a little furrow of concentration between his brows, the expression familiar. It wrenched something in John's chest and he looked away.
In the end, it was always the same, wasn't it? John was in danger simply because Sherlock
"Ah, John."
he reminded himself.
Sherlock starts, looks at him. For a moment he thinks John means the flat (not just a place, wasn't he only just thinking that? It's not just a place, it's their
"Rest," John said, finally. "Get your strength back. The—" he paused again, pressed his lips together before continuing. "The world needs Sherlock Holmes."
"I don't particularly want to kiss anyone," Sherlock said, distracted by the bewildered curve of John's mouth. "At least, not usually. Hard to say for sure. But I find myself thinking—oh, for God's sake—"
Bemused, John tucked his arm around Sherlock's back, led him in a stumbling walk towards the kitchen. "I'm sure you did."
Sherlock pressed his fingertips against his mouth, the pieces falling into place, all of the bits he hadn't quite been able to see while standing in the wreckage of John's sitting room. "But you were surprised to see him again."
He stepped carefully towards the well, placed his gloved hands on the cold stone lip, peered down into the darkness.
Sherlock remained by the fire and let that sound warm him.
"Oh," Sherlock said. He blinked.
Pete shifted on the ground. Groaned. Janine snatched up the frying pan. Eyed him.
"So that's what it's like to be disappeared," John muttered. A chill ran down his spine.
"Ooh, good idea," Janine agreed.
"Good."
"Tell me what you need me to do."
John talked right over him. "Because I did what you asked. God knows why. Went right through the front door at the SIS building and asked for Department C."
"And less legal."
Sherlock did not speak. He stared hard at John, a furrow appearing between his brows. John had the uncomfortable sensation that the entirety of the last year had been written on his skin, neatly printed in dark ink, easily legible even under the dim pub lights.
As always.
"Oh," John said, surprised. He cleared his throat, looked down. "Um. Thanks."
She responded by settling in close, looking at him expectantly. He dutifully opened the book, started again.
In a flat overflowing with personality, there were not very many personal effects. No photographs.
Exactly the sort of generically polite response he supposed one would send to a nonthreatening stranger she did not actually recall meeting during a lively night out at the pub. Excellent.
"Right,“ she said, leading him towards the doors. "I have a change of clothes. I’ll need yours for. For the. For the, um—”
"Sherlock?"
"Should I kiss you?" he said, instead.
At what point would Lestrade have deemed it necessary to gift John with an extended cut of a video he already had in his possession, an extended cut that included nothing of note beyond a few extra moments of Sherlock running his mouth?
The kettle clicked off. Sherlock poured the water into the teacups. Forced himself to meet John's gaze through the rising steam. "Would you like to see it?"
John's blog rapidly accumulated angry comments. They spilled into his inbox by the hundreds.
"There's no one to watch Rosie," he said.
"Come on," Sherlock said, tugging gently at him. "Baker Street."
"Who am I meant to be with now, John? Even I'm having a bit of trouble keeping up."
"Pete," John said. Nodded in greeting.
He crossed his arms over his chest, raised his brows, waited for her to continue.
"Clearly," Sherlock says. Then he frowns, shakes his head. "What gave it away?"
He looked at her. The jeans were hers, the bulky jumper bunched under her coat was not. A few stray cat hairs clung around her calves.
"A bit," he said. "How is it that you've secured a safe house in Serbia?"
Sherlock was silent for a long moment. John listened to his breathing in the dark.
"Cake tasting, suit fittings," Sherlock said, tapping his fingers against Rosie's arm with each item he listed. "Invitations. Bridesmaids' dresses—Janine, have you selected your bridesmaids yet? Best do it quickly."
She was capable of tremendous focus, often losing herself in her work for hours.
It is Saturday afternoon. Peak time for the London Aquarium. A crowd is unavoidable. Perhaps he could have timed this better. That's the sort of thing that John might have suggested.
" Janine added.
"You threw the first punch," Sherlock said. "Three times."
should have seen it coming."
Defensive.
John cleared his throat, shifted where he stood. "Just. Thought I'd stop here first. To—" he stopped, smiled again in that pained way he had. "To thank you. Properly. I wanted to. But I didn't get a chance—you left. Before I could last night. So."
He jolts, looks to his left. Sally Donovan is approaching with an armful of maps and an incredulous look on her face.
Something gnawed at the edges of Sherlock's mind. He frowned, stared hard at the urn.
"Sorry, mate," he said. "You'll have to wait a bit longer."
Sherlock lifted his hands and, with slow, careful movements, cupped John's cheeks.
," Sherlock said without turning around. "And it's not—"
He'd fallen apart, hadn't he? Collapsed sobbing into his father's arms, because Redbeard was
"John!" Sarah's hand shot out, grabbing at his forearm. He looked down at her. She huffed, gave him an embarrassed sort of smile. Took her hand away.
He thought about his little flat, and the lease that still needed to be signed for another year. He thought of the emails from his realtors—the one in Chelmsford and the one in London—that he kept avoiding. He thought about the prospect of spending the next several years of his life working at this little practice, with these kind but utterly uninteresting people. He wondered how long it would be before he felt comfortable there, before his rough edges were finally smoothed away enough to let him slot neatly into place.
John sighed, turned the key in the lock. Pushed in through the door. Said nothing.
"My name is John Watson," he said. "Sherlock Holmes asked me to find you."
"Would you rather I devote my attention to remembering the man's name or finding his killer?" Sherlock looked at the slick stone around the mouth of the well, looked away. It made him feel strangely queasy. "Because I'm fairly certain the latter is more important."
"It's an analyst position, Sherlock, not a field agent."
"Silly of me," Mrs Hudson said. She turned around, began fussing with the tea.
Thunderstruck, Sherlock turned to look at Molly. Dark place? John hadn't been meant to end up in a dark place. That was what the whole terrible mess with Culverton Smith was meant to avoid. John had left to start a new life, and Sherlock had let him go. It was Sherlock who had been left in the dark place, not John. That wasn't what was supposed to happen—
"You brushed your teeth," John breathed against Sherlock's lips.
Sherlock did not respond.
If he
Sherlock shut his eyes, nuzzled his face against John's hair, breathed in the scent of him (hospital antiseptic, old sweat and public transport, the faint traces of the basement floodwater he'd fallen in, and underneath all of it John's own natural scent, as familiar to him as his own). John was warm, his chest heaving as he struggled for control. His hands clutched at Sherlock's shirt, crumpling the fabric at the small of his back, holding him in place.
"Oh, I scrubbed the table down," she said. "He'd just live in filth if you let him get away with it."
"All right, all right just—just hold on," John said, holding out his hands as if he expected pandemonium to erupt.
"You know why."
"She is, isn't she?" He spoke slowly, wonderingly. Looked back up at Sherlock with damp eyes. There was something in his expression that looked almost—pleased. Surprised. Almost like hope.
Sherlock opened his mouth, drew in a breath, likely to say something terrible, and so John cut him off by jabbing a determined index finger into the center of his chest.
"It was obvious from the way you kept fiddling with that tea cup."
"Oh," she said, shifted on the sofa. She looked down at her hands, folded in her lap. The ring gleamed in the half-darkness. "No. Orphan, actually. One of the things that—" she broke off, laughed, the sound a little bitter.
"Not actually an answer, Sherlock."
John snorted, unable to stop a slow smile from spreading. "He's going to notice."
No. Nothing at all had changed when they'd gotten married.
"I—" John said again. There was a shocked expression on his face, as if he had just come to his senses and realised exactly what he was doing.
"Pot, kettle," John said.
There was something about it, something about that sign in the background—
"We haven't been together long. But it's—nice. It's been nice."
His footsteps receded, started up the staircase. Sherlock listened to the creak of old wood. It was different from the creak of the stairs at Baker Street. It would take some getting used to.
Sherlock stands for a moment, twisting his hands in front of him. Something heavy has settled in the pit of his stomach. He cannot recall the last time he felt so helpless, so adrift, so utterly at sea.
"Yeah."
"I—" John said, and stopped. He had no idea what to say. One of his hands had strayed close to Sherlock's and he tapped their fingers together, stopping just shy of taking his hand.
And John had shut his eyes for a moment, breathed through his nose the way he did when he sought calm, and then had forced himself to laugh. It had sounded overloud and stilted to his own ears. He'd opened his eyes, pointed at the little sprig hanging overhead, clapped Sherlock on the shoulder.
He could not go on like this.
"A mystery writer, he said."
"Trainer murdered, valuable racehorse missing—it can't just be a coincidence."
of surprise, just barely managing to catch his balance.
"Murders," he said, clapping his hands together, looking expectantly at John. "The messier the better. Can no one manage to be
"So it was planned," he says. Rosie stands quiet at his side, no longer fussing, her own eyes rapt on Sherlock. She seems to enjoy when he spins off into a deduction, giggles at his silent lapses and abrupt vocalizations, is mesmerized by the way he moves and gestures.
"John," Sherlock said again, and he stood up, shrugging the duvet aside, crossing the floor in three short steps.
John turned around in surprise, set the bag back on the table.
The morning stretched out unbroken before them, time slipping along slow as treacle. Rosie had torn into most, if not all, of her gifts, had predictably found herself equally as enamored of the brightly coloured paper and ribbons as she was of the what they'd contained.
"I don't know," the man said, tilting his head thoughtfully. "You seem the sort to enjoy a bit of trouble."
The door eased open. Molly in the hallway, Lestrade behind her. Two for one. Delightful. He must have looked worse than he'd thought.
He blinked once, hard, struggled to focus. The room was very bright. There were clouds behind Sherlock, grey clouds, thick and rolling along the far wall.
He pulled back before he could lose himself in analyzing the sensation, before his clumsy motions could betray his woeful lack of experience. His entire body shook, a fine tremble that he could not seem to stifle. John's breath puffed warm against his lips, mildly stale.
He felt sick. Christ, he'd had too much to drink. Far too much.
"Stay," Sherlock says again. "I realise now that I've been—foolish. I haven't—I thought you
He did not wear gloves. The tips of his fingers had gone red, and then white, and he clenched his fists to keep them warm.
Victoria smiled, let out one of her abrasive giggles.
"Well, I just don't know what we're going to do with the poor creature."
John looked at Trevor. Trevor looked at John.
John looked up, looked at that familiar beloved face. There had been a time when he thought he'd never see that face again. And there had been a time when he thought he'd never
"Old school mate of mine, actually, bloody brilliant virologist. Runs a research program up in Glasgow. Bumped into him the other day, thought he'd be perfect for Sherlock."
"Thank you," John had said, his voice very quiet.
When he came to a second time, Molly was sat in a plastic chair near his bedside. Her hair was pulled back in a messy ponytail (done hastily, absently, she'd been surprised in the middle of some task), her right arm was held at an awkward angle (older injury or strain, residual soreness) and she'd chewed at her lower lip. It was chapped and raw (stress, worry, concern—)
he replied.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Right," John said. He looked at Sherlock for a long moment, then up at the ceiling. Cleared his throat. "This is. Um. New."
Sherlock blinked. Paused. Blinked again. His grip tightened, released. Life crept back into his face, his eyelids fluttering. He drew a breath.
"Yes," she said, still holding his gaze.
Sherlock hadn't even considered him for his little wedding scheme. He'd categorised it as so far outside the realm of possibility, so entirely unbelievable that he'd rather pass off a rekindled romance with a woman who had once smeared him in every tabloid in London as the truth.
