Well, more distant than usual, John thought. Sherlock had never been the most open of people. But now.... It was as though Sherlock had lost all interest in speaking to him. He couldn't blame him, when it came down to it. It wasn't as though he could do much to interest the mind of the brilliant detective at the moment.
John spent the ride back to the castle leaning against the carriage door, trying not to shake or hyperventilate. He could feel Sherlock's eyes on him and he felt foolish, but could do nothing about it. He lacked even the energy to say anything.
John seemed to understand this. He let his head fall back on the pillow again.
They sat in silence for the rest of the ride, John contemplating what he had just learned.
“Yes,” Sherlock said.
When he opened his eyes, he saw the stranger grinning at him, floating beside him in mid air. John's eyes widened as he looked down and saw the ground so far below his own floating feet. He glanced back up at the grinning face, struck dumb.
"The first victim worked with the palace healer," Sherlock was saying as he made his way toward the castle gate. "The second was a ship man on a vessel that imports items for the castle, among other entities."
Sebastian stopped stroking John and moved his hand to the top of his pants, sliding it inside and starting to move down. John was barely breathing.
"We don't know a thing about each other," John replied.
He took a deep breath, the act making him feel guilty as John panted below him.
"The engraving," John said, turning the watch over in his hand and running his finger over Harry's name. "How did you know we don't get along?"
"The King's gardener?" John asked, astonished.
He sighed and glanced around the room, wishing he had been awake to accompany Sherlock and feeling rather useless. He decided he might as well tidy up while he was there, though the prospect of tackling the house seemed completely overwhelming. He felt that, if he were going to stay, he may as well be useful somehow.
He sighed, though the act made his chest ache. He hadn't meant what he'd said. At least, he hadn't meant it to come out that way. He just wanted Sherlock to leave--to go do something, not sit stagnant by his bed waiting. There was no reason for Sherlock to be trapped here as well. How long could Sherlock stand the boredom? How long before he resented John for the boredom?
“Now,” the voice said, “I think it’s about time for our big finale.”
"She didn't hurt me," John lied, thinking it better than the truth given that he seemed have have sustained no lasting injury from whatever she had done.
Sherlock visibly tensed as he prepared himself to speak again, as though saying the words caused him physical pain. John prepared himself for the pain as well.
“Then what?” Sebastian asked finally.
Months have passed since the warehouse. John’s body has recovered as well as it is going to, which, considering the circumstances, is actually pretty well. He has regained more sensation in his left arm and can even use it sometimes for simple tasks. His leg still causes him pain, but he only experiences minimal pain in his hip when he walks and he has become quite adept at using his cane now. He’s even used it as a weapon on more than one occasion during a case. He might be a bit slower than before, but he makes do well enough. And Sherlock is always cognizant of John’s abilities, making adjustments in his plans when necessary to suite John’s strengths.
“Okay, I’m going to keep going,” Sherlock said softly.
“You have five minutes before I detonate the bomb myself,” Moriarty continues.
“Nobody knows,” Mr. Cunningham said. “He was quite the loyal fellow. I suspect the recent robbery spooked him. I think he was checking on the house. But I don’t know for sure, as I said.”
What he saw was not the letter his sister left for him. Instead, it was what John now recognized as a curse.
Sherlock sighed again.
"Why not," John asked, confused. "It clearly wasn't a friendly ghost."
They made it about halfway down the hall before John had to turn back. But his determination was intense. Sherlock could see sweat dripping from his forehead and noticed how pale John had gotten, but he didn’t dare try to tell John to turn back until he was ready.
"Don't mind him," John said, shooting her a smile. "He's just like that. Now, what was your name?"
Sometime later--John had lost track of how much time had passed--Mrs. Hudson had returned to a small flame and Sherlock was at the desk with the strange equipment when a knock sounded at the door. John tensed as Sherlock made his way to open it.
As though reading his mind, Moriarty suddenly chirped up.
. Out of character. He didn't understanding it.
"So, what's the story," Lestrade asked. "Why is this idiot poisoning people with a plant?"
"Bored!" Sherlock's head popped up, making John startle back. "Bored! I'm bored!"
“Well, come in! Come in!” Colonel Hayter said enthusiastically. “Let’s get inside. I’ve got your room all set up.”
What else could possibly go wrong, Sherlock thought.
"John? Sherlock?" they turned to toward a quiet voice in the darkness where the street lamps didn't illuminate the house.
"Oh no!" it said after a moment, "not literally anyway."
The ship looked as though it had been abandoned for decades. It was docked in a disused part of the docks and, to John, looked as though it might fall apart at the slightest wind. Illuminated only be the moon, it had an eerie luminescence and John couldn't help but think of the ghost they had encountered and wonder if this were haunted as well.
John knitted his brows as he prepared himself for the shock of opening his eyes. He cracked the lids slowly, but the light that entered nonetheless felt as though it were slamming his brain with a physical force.
Sherlock can hear the fear and tension in his voice. It makes his heart clench. He looks around the room again, peering into darkened corners.
"The tox screen will tell us for sure," Sherlock said, "but yes, I think so. I believe he must have been paralyzed with a toxin before his blood was drained."
In fact, John likely had infection in his chest where the pen had been inserted as well. That was a lot of infection. And with his loss of blood and shock, he didn’t have much reserve to fight off infections. He might have already gone septic. Which would cause septic shock. Which, on top of two other causes of shock…
“You protected me,” John said firmly. “And I know I can trust you to do it again if I need you to.”
"No, it wasn't," he said. "But you don't look particularly like our corpse right now, do you?"
“How did you…?”
“The damage was extensive, I’m afraid,” the doctor explained. “John is very lucky that the bullet missed any major arteries. He wouldn’t have made it otherwise.”
Detective Dimmock had been less than pleased with the outcome of their case and seemed not to believe their explanation in the least. John had been quite annoyed, but Sherlock seemed not to care in the least.
thinking about things that were useless anyway, like changing the past.
Sherlock stared at him. John stared back. They stayed like that for a long moment.
“Yes,” Sherlock waited for John to catch on.
"No," Detective Dimmock said sternly. "I am not about to allow two amateur detectives to interfere with my case."
“I’m riding with John,” Sherlock persisted petulantly.
“And how exactly do you plan on luring Moriarty out?” Mycroft asked irritably.
Molly's eyebrow's raised a bit higher, but, to her credit, she didn't flinch. Instead, she gave Sherlock a rather piercing look before glancing over at an empty corner of the room.
"Hmmm," the fire hummed.
“He is,” Sherlock murmured.
“The tea, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock said firmly.
and bloody-chinned
“Here,” he said, depositing the clothes on his own bed.
Sherlock’s heart seemed to stop and his knees collapsed beneath him when he saw John through the large hole that had once been the floor of the flats.
“For… For… Because you… And I…” Sherlock’s brain was still not online apparently.
John's reaction worried him. His therapist had said he had PTSD before they met, though his brother thought she was wrong. He wasn't so sure. John had certainly experienced trauma, even if he hadn't responded to traditional treatment. But his reaction to the nurse seemed to indicate that this may be an issue they would need to address again.
"Out," John snapped, grabbing his cane and limping out the front door, feeling every ache in his worn body tenfold.
He stared at the shocking image silently for what felt like an eternity. It must, in fact, have been several long moments, because Dr. Azarian shifted, drawing John's attention back to him.
Molly was speaking, asking questions so quickly they ran together in a blur and became all but indecipherable. But Sherlock knew what she was asking. He had asked all her questions himself. What was John's prognosis? What was the extent of his hearing loss? Was it temporary or permanent? What about the spinal injury? Where was it? What kind of injury? Would the paralysis be permanent? Complete? What would his recovery process look like? And on and on...
Harry smiled at her. "Okay then. John, please be nice."
I probably won't be able to post a new chapter next week, I'm afraid. I'll be out of town. Sorry!
"Oh," he said, simply.
“I’m afraid I can’t say,” the doctor said.
John felt his heart drop into his stomach. So Sherlock did blame him then. Blamed him for being reckless. For not waiting for him that night. For running into the flats. For getting himself into this position. Of course he did. Why wouldn't he? John certainly blamed himself.
“What did you mean,” Sherlock didn’t bother hiding his frustration.
It took a moment of rummaging around and getting set up, but then John began pulling. He could only pull with one arm, since his other was more or less useless, so he was immediately struggling. Teeth are held to the jawbone by fibrous ligaments, basically gluing the tooth to the bone. Extracting a tooth is actually a very difficult process. Dentists take time using special equipment to loosen the tooth from the bone. This is especially difficult if the tooth is healthy and not decayed. And then, of course, there is the pain.
He was
John was entirely lost. How was this a curse? But, when he looked at Sherlock, he found that he looked as though he were upset, but trying not to show it, his face a mask of perfect neutrality.
"I don't mind," Sherlock tried to sound neutral--tried not to let his anxiety or hurt leak into his voice, which John could now hear and interpret.
“Simple,” Scarecrow said flatly. “I want you to choke Dr. Watson for one minute.”
Sherlock kneeled in front of John, carefully holding his gaze.
“Interesting,” Sherlock said, his attention now fully on Colonel Hayter.
The doctor raised an eyebrow again.
“A lot of help you were,” Sherlock said. “What happened to your surveillance?”
Sherlock waits a moment, then John pushes himself into a sitting position.
"Oh!" Molly gasped, her hands covering her mouth. "Sherlock, I'm sorry."
“No,” Sherlock yelled back, “No, this game is between you and me. John isn’t a part of this.”
Sherlock gave him a smile but stopped short of winking. John had helpfully informed him that the winking put people off. Lestrade smiled back genuinely before driving off again.
Sherlock had been given three days time before the surgery, which had been rushed, given the circumstances. He had tried various tactics of persuasion, all of which failed spectacularly. He had even made a rather desperate attempt to get Mycroft to intercede. To his fury, Mycroft had refused offhand and began blathering about how he and John needed to
"Molly Hooper,” Sherlock allowed his voice to be velvety. It seemed to help things along with Molly. Were he another person, he might have felt bad about this manipulation. But he wasn’t and he didn’t.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at John, before moving over to Mrs. Hudson.
“I had hardly got the paper, however, when the two Cunningham's were on me, and would, I believe, have murdered me then and there but for your John’s quick and incredible intervention.”
"Did you write these?" John glanced back down at the pile.
“John,” his voice was filled with exasperation now.
“I… What?” he yelled.
He shifted uncomfortably. Sherlock was listening intently. How could he not know something about John. How could he not have deduced it? He was fairly certain he knew where this was going and he should have known. He should have asked. How had he never asked about John’s parents?
“Sherlock, you have to be careful,” he said. “That man is… he wants to hurt you.”
"Did you know that there is a bird in the north that can only fly between two and four in the morning?" the man said.
“Yes,” John said softly. “Thank you.”
“John,” Sherlock tried again, a little less patiently this time. “I can’t let you…”
He had found that, since the explosion, he became agitated and anxious anytime John was out of his sight for more than a few minutes together, even for doctor exams or scans. It was
“I was discrete,” Sherlock explained.
"Okay," Sherlock turned to face him in his seat.
companion, after all.”
“Sherlock,” the voice called, “I don’t want to see John’s chest raise or fall at all. If I see him take even one breath, I’ll shoot him immediately.”
"Just like that?" John had entirely forgotten about his breakfast.
“In you go John,” Moriarty said.
And with that, John leaned across the bed and put his lips against Sherlock’s.
"Sherlock, what happened?" he asked warily, trying to put some strength in his wrecked voice.
The voice laughed.
"Potassium!" Sherlock shouted suddenly.
"Sir," Dr. Pakash, a balding man who looked to be in his late sixties, spoke in a soft voice that might have been suited to bedtime stories, "I know this is a difficult time and a difficult decision, but it really is the best thing you can do for Dr. Watson. The risks of avoiding amputation vastly outweigh the benefits in this case. Believe me when I say that we avoid this outcome whenever possible, but in this case it is simply the most advisable intervention."
"I... I have no idea," John said.
Sherlock stopped.
“But I did,” Sherlock said. “Just now I mean. Why didn’t you tell me then?”
"Your guess is as good as mine, mate," Lestrade sighed. "I've given up trying to understand that man's mind."
Sherlock turned again and walked out, cherishing the look on Sebastian’s face as he realized just how boring his life was going to be.
"Sherlock," Dr. Azarian looked exhausted.
“But I…” John pleaded.
The Colonel, however, simply laughed.
"Yes," Sherlock said promptly. "Please write the details here--your uncle's name, his address, anywhere you saw him with the woman."
Sherlock stopped pacing as the scene replayed itself in his mind once more. Sherlock waiting for the groan and the expression of pain as he touched his leg, but getting no response. Feeling utter shock when he moved the leg from its contorted position into a more natural position and got absolutely no response from John, not even a wince.
“It’s only fair,” Moriarty said. “The last game did favor his particular skills, after all.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened.
Logically, he knew that John was safe--tucked away inside a hospital bed, incapable of wandering off into danger even if he wanted to do so. Still, his heart began racing and his breath caught in his chest whenever he could not visually ensure John's safety.
Sherlock pulled the paper out of his pocket.
“No John,” Sherlock’s grasp of physics was clearly greater than John’s.
“John!” said he suddenly. “Look what you’ve managed to do with that crutch of yours. Are you quite alright?”
Trying to suppress a groan, John used his good arm to push himself into a sitting position. He glanced around the clinic, taking in the small rooms in which he had spent most of his life. He closed his eyes, wondering how in the world he would manage to work without the use of his arm or leg.
Carefully, Sherlock moved the top of John’s bed so that his head was slightly elevated.
Sherlock put his hand between them and John, slowly, pulled the letter out and placed it in Sherlock's hand. He had no idea why his heart had started beating so hard and fast. Sherlock opened the letter as slowly as John had pulled it out and stared at it for a long moment.
"How," John hissed. "I can barely see you."
"Are you sure?" John asked, imagining himself accidentally blowing up the house or something worse.
"Hmm," John and Sherlock had arrived at the house now and were waiting outside the front door.
“10, 9, 8,” the voice was filled with glee. Sherlock kept his eyes trained on John, going through the plan in his head again and again.
Sherlock stared at him. What else could have happened. What else had he missed? What else had he not deducted?
If you find yourself
"It doesn't hurt?"
Sherlock sighed, but he knew John was right. If he were going to get them out of his, he was going to need to be in his right head.
“Why?” John asked.
John followed as quickly as he could, trying to ignore the pain in his leg as he listened to Sherlock's manic speech.
"What?" Sherlock shot him a look. "No, we're going to investigate a murder."
When he finally regained his senses, he realized he had been thrown to the ground, had probably sustained a minor concussion, and had been unconscious for at least a few minutes.
"Is that what you call it?" John grinned up at him, pushing himself slowly to his feet.
“No,” Sherlock smiled. “It isn’t me who’s owed a favor this time.”
“Very good soldier,” the voice definitely sounded impressed. “Now, Sherlock, your turn.”
The words John had written so long ago echoed in his head then: "Sherlock sees right through everyone and everything in seconds. What's incredible, though, is how spectacularly ignorant he is about some things."
His patients had begun discussing the Witch of the Wastes, who had apparently reappeared after fifty years of dormancy. According to the rumors, the Witch had threatened the king's daughter, who then disappeared. The king sent his royal wizard, Wizard Sulliman, after her, but not only did he fail to retrieve her, he had apparently gotten himself killed.
"So what? Am I just supposed to stay here then?" John asked, glancing around at the mess of a room.
“Sherlock,” he said softly. “I know who it is.”
“What happened in those tunnels must have been really traumatic,” she said.
“John?” he breathed.
"Out!" Sherlock bellowed at the nurse, who had apparently backed into the med cart in shock.
He spotted John and stopped.
“I’ll call somebody in the area,” Lestrade said.
Sherlock moved softly, making as little noise as possible and John followed his lead, trying not to make noise with his cane. They arrived at a small, nondescript building Just off an abandoned dock. He moved inside, John close on his heels, feeling the tension rise in the air.
John read the words several times before he looked back up at Sherlock.
Sherlock did nothing to hide his delight as he moved over to his chair while John settled the client into another chair.
“Go fuck yourself,” Sherlock spits.
"You knew?" John's eyes widened as he looked up at Sherlock, who didn't quite meet his gaze.
"What are you doing here?" he asked, his voice low and deadly.
Size! He looks carefully at each numbered object. Some are quite large, but a few are too small to hold a first aid kit. Good. He eliminates three. But that still leaves six to choose from. There had to be something else. Something he was missing.
Sherlock nodded. He knew this. But he was certain the voice would want details and he had been avoiding those for some time now. He certainly did not want to hear than from John’s mouth.
"Oh, I can't say," Mrs. Hudson seemed to shrink again. "I'm not allowed to discuss the details of the contract."
“It’s always been difficult for me…” he started. “That is… I’ve never been close to anybody, especially not like that. And after that, I vowed not to allow
"Problem?" Sherlock turned to look at him.
Sherlock nodded and turned to walk out. John followed.
“Apparently the elder Mr. Cunningham has been quite straightforward with the police now,” Sherlock explained. “I just got off the phone with them and Mr. Cunningham explained quite a bit. It seems that William had secretly followed his two masters on the night when they made their raid upon Mr. Acton's, and, having thus got them into his power, proceeded under threats of exposure to levy blackmail upon them. Mister Alec, however, was a dangerous man to play games of that sort with. It was a stroke of positive genius on his part to see in the burglary scare, which was convulsing the countryside, an opportunity of plausibly getting rid of the man whom he feared. William was decoyed up and shot; and, had they only got the whole of the note, and paid a little more attention to detail in their accessories, it is very possible that suspicion might never have been aroused.”
"It isn't possible," Dimmock said.
“But…” John began, but Sherlock cut him off.
John huffed a laugh, thinking that was probably wise.
John continued his slow, deep breathing, though it was clearly painful for him. Sherlock cherished every breath, still holding John’s face in his hands.
“Brother dearest,” Mycroft crooned over the phone. “To what do I owe this pleasure?”
He examined the new wound. There was an entrance wound, but no exit wound. The bullet was still inside.
“Oh, but I think it does,” the voice called.
That left his leg. Sherlock had watched John hit the floor. He had hit it feet first. That had protected his head from more damage, but it meant that his leg had taken all the impact.
John squinted again. "Er... Maybe around 14 gauge?"
“No,” he says finally, softly. “No, I’m not.”
John moved as quickly as he could toward the slowly moving castle, trying to ignore the aches and pains the movement caused. Nonetheless, by the time he reached the castle, night had long fallen and the cold was penetrating into his bones.
Sherlock handed John the first aid kit while Mrs. Hudson ‘tsked’ their dangerous escapades. As he opened the kit and gingerly pulled off his top, trying not to jar his bad shoulder, he could feel Sherlock's eyes on him. He tried to ignore it and began working on his side.
“Is he…?” she asked Lestrade. “That is, are they…? He and John. Are they…?”
“Sir!” the doctor began.
He hissed softly as he began cleaning all his wounds. He was more or less just washing his entire body in alcohol. He made sure to pay special attention to the deepest cuts though.
"So, let me get this straight," Sherlock began. "You saw a scarecrow and got so scared that you made my fire demon move the castle so far she almost went out?"
That was rather easy, Sherlock thought. Although John did need the pressure on his shoulder to prevent the gunshot wound from bleeding further, at least he wasn’t having to undergo any further damage.
“Astonishing,” Colonel Hayter said.
“John,” he said urgently.
“I’m so sorry,” he said, leaning in so that he was inches from John’s limp face. “I love you John Watson.”
“Feuding?” Sherlock asked.
The answer occurred to him almost before he had finished thinking about the question. Seven league boots!
John sighed.
“John!”
Sherlock grunted, glaring at Lestrade. He clearly knew that it had been Lestrade who had just texted Mycroft.
"Hmmm," Sherlock hummed. "How far apart were the murders?"
“Yes,” Sherlock said. He sighed. “He’s er… not been doing well.”
“I wouldn’t,” Lestrade said behind him.
"Did you try telling him why you didn't want him to go through with it?" she asked.
Sherlock frowned. What was he thanking him for? He had put him in danger yet again, had allowed him to be tortured again, had even given permission for John to be shot because he was too weak to watch him being violated.
“But Sherlock,” John said, sounding less than optimistic, “there are trails everywhere. Somebody’s been all over the room.”
"Oh, I don't judge," Mrs. Hudson said, smiling.
John hesitated when he reached the edge of the building, glancing up at the stranger.
"You had a few visitors while you were... sleeping," Sherlock all but whispered as John squinted at him. "Molly is responsible for the bear."
"It's about his leg," Sherlock said.
Sherlock knew what was happening. Of course. A flashback.
“The damage to the nerves is extensive,” the doctor repeated. “However, I expect the damage to the nerves controlling Dr. Watson’s bladder and rectum to heal over time. He will have to use a catheter for some time, but he should regain function. Thankfully the bullet missed his spine, so he should have full control over his limbs.”
"What deal?" John asked, trying to blink away the fog in his head.
"This," he said, shaking the paper, "is not a spell at all. It is a curse, and it's meant for me."
“John,” Sherlock said loudly. “I’m so sorry. I’m sorry, but you have to get up. You have to try the second one. Do it. Do it now!”
And with that, they could hear footsteps retreating down the tunnel.
Sherlock sighed. He gently took John’s hand in his own.
"Be ready," Sherlock said softly.
“I... I’m not a doctor, Sherlock,” she said. “I don’t know how to...”
"Doctors Ramar and Pakash are experts in the treatment of crush injuries," he said. "I've brought them in for consultation and to advise in Dr. Watson's treatment. I'll let Dr. Ramar explain."
Sherlock allowed his eyes to roam over the safe. He breathed as calmly as he could, trying to clear his mind. He knows safes. He can do this. He just has to concentrate.
John’s eyes widened, but he remained silent.
Sherlock breathed. In and out.
He was dreadful at waiting. Waiting was dreadful. Waiting rooms were dreadful. Everything seemed dreadful to him at the moment.
“Was Sherlock also injured in your recent…adventure?” Colonel Hayter asked, concerned. “He seems to be behaving quite oddly.”
"That's... that's a spinal cord injury."
Sherlock and Dimmock looked at one another for a moment. Then Dimmock sighed.
“I want you to know…” John said, hesitantly. “Sherlock, I’m not good at this. But I need to tell you. I am so grateful to have you in my life. It was your presence that made getting past what happened this time easier.”
John frowned. "What does that mean?"
"Ah," Dr. Azarian said softly. "Would you like me to send a nurse for him? I'm certain he hasn't gone far."
"That's not all," Sherlock grinned. "There are traces of tallow, pitch, rosin, and brimstone."
They sat that way for a long while, in a silence far more comfortable than the silence that had been festering between them for so much of the recent past. Then, finally, Sherlock pushed himself up off the bed...
“John,” Sherlock began patiently.
He paused, clearly enjoying himself. Sherlock glanced back at John. He looked like a ghost. He couldn’t afford to lose any more blood. And he needed medical attention urgently. He would have to catch Scarecrow in a mistake quickly.
It all happened in an instant that seemed to stretch on for eternity. Sherlock heard the shot. The sound reverberated in his head, making his ears ring. John had barely made it onto the first few steps of the ladder above him. He calculated the distance to the ground from that height. Nine meters.
"Well, it isn't about him anyway," Lestrade said impatiently. "I've got a case for you and its urgent."
Beside him, Moriarty laughed delightedly.
"The victims didn't appear to have anything in common," he continued. "But we just weren't looking widely enough. Each victim is connected through various degrees of separation, to the King's palace."
When the door to the cell opened and Sherlock Holmes stepped in, Sebastian was not surprised in the least. In fact, he was rather looking forward to the meeting. He had been disappointed that Sherlock had chosen not to take Moriarty up on his little offer during the game. Perhaps he would make up for it now. A little good old-fashioned revenge.
“John,” he said more loudly. “John, you have to wake up!”
“Only way,” Sherlock said impatiently. “If I can get Moriarty’s attention, we’ll be able to use him to get to Sebastian Moran.”
John Watson lay on a hospital bed hooked up to so much machinery that Sherlock could hardly see him. He was indeed on a respirator and was unconscious. He had a morphine line hooked up to his IV and a blood transfusion in the other arm. Various equipment was monitoring his pulse, O2 levels, blood pressure, and various other vitals. John’s shoulder had a clear dressing over it, though it was packed with gauze. Sherlock could tell there were antibiotic beads in the wound as well. His leg was covered in a complicated contraption of metal. Through the contraption, Sherlock could see several large staples keeping John’s skin together.
Molly Hooper stood at the table, her eye pressed to a microscope and her attention fully occupied. So, when she heard a voice behind her, she jumped involuntarily, almost knocking over the microscope.
“I do hope you aren’t going to say what I think you are, dear brother,” Mycroft said.
The thing, instead, was quite solid and just slightly taller than John. It's skin looked decayed and diseased, with a greenish tint and several areas that looked eaten away. It's teeth were jagged and sharp, like broken glass, and it's eyes were entirely black. But the most striking thing about he creature to John was its stench. In the war, John had encountered his share of death and he knew the smell well. This thing, however, smelled more pungent than John anything he had ever encountered.
. He wouldn’t have taken it, but it was the first case he’d had of any interest in
“Sherlock,” John said, his voice breathy, “I don’t have many people in my life that I care deeply about. I can’t even keep my girlfriends straight. But you. You are like a lighthouse in a stormy sea. I… I need you. I can’t see my life without you. I…”
"No," Sherlock said.
“Well,” the voice said, “that was a bit more entertainment than I bargained for.”
"How can you possibly know about the drinking?"
Moriarty was right. John had collapsed to the floor and gotten sick again. He was still sitting on jagged glass as well.
“An emergency?” Lestrade sounded as though he had just jumped up from his desk. “What’s wrong? Is John okay?”
“Nobody planned,” Alec said.
Sherlock looked confused.
Sherlock moved to hang up the call.
And then Sherlock was coming toward him, his face a mask of panic. And John was panicking too because that was the direction of the danger. And then there was a flash of heat and noise and then...
John's eyes had widened.
"There have been three murders," he said. "Each victim was found in a known haunted location and no cause of death has been determined. Locals are saying that the ghosts are sucking the souls out of people and the King is concerned about a panic."
“I’m sorry John,” he said softly.
John did turn then, one eyebrow raised.
He stared up at the ceiling, cocooned in his muffled silence, unsure where to begin untangling himself and hoping that when he did he wouldn't simply fall apart completely.
“Is it Moran?” Lestrade asked frantically.
He placed a chaste kiss on John’s lips, his tears streaming onto John’s face.
He reached the flats and rushed inside, except...
"Wow," John said, impressed by both the complicated process of magic as well as Sherlock's clearly intricate knowledge of it. "Well, that all sounds good, but I haven't got a magical bone in my body, so it won't do me much good."
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“Would have been easier with a guide?” John’s voice suggested amusement, which picked at his nerves.
Sherlock and John hadn’t made it to the door yet when Mrs. Hudson burst out.
Now that he’d established that John was alive and likely to stay that way for at least a while, he sat back on his heels to examine the rest of his body for injuries.
Moriarty laughs.
John tilted his head, confused.
. Brilliant! John was brilliant.
The paramedic smiled and led him to the second ambulance. On his way, he heard the other paramedics shouting at one another.
His voice had sounded relatively young. Not older than 40 for sure. And he hadn’t had an accent, so he was definitely British.
"Er, right," John followed Sherlock into the building, already feeling the hair on his neck stand on end. "I meant, what are we going to do if the ghosts aren't friendly? We can't exactly kill them before they kill us."
The first is Karl Wilhelm de Hamilton’s Snake Startling a Bird’s Nest of Chicks. There are two containers near this painting and each, he notes, could easily contain a snake. They were large enough and had what could certainly be used as air holes in them.
“Me,” Sherlock said, standing and turning toward the voice.
John looked confused as well. He had clearly expected something just as damaging as the other dares they had endured so far. What was this Scarecrow getting at?
Sherlock’s voice trailed off. John raised an eyebrow. Sherlock cleared his throat.
"Of course," Mrs. Hudson replied. "There's an extra bedroom, if you'll be needing it."
"Well," he murmured, addressing the head carved into his cane, "I should, by all rights, be due a third encounter soon. In fact, I demand it."
"I... okay," John moved into the machine hesitantly.
"Amelia," he repeated, smiling again. "I'm John and that is Sherlock."
Sherlock turned, eyes shining under his goggles.
"You will?" Bryan looked delighted. "Thank you! Thank you so much!"
Sherlock nods, having no idea what John is about to tell him.
Mike's eyebrows climbed near his hairline. "Er, not precisely. That castle sometimes comes round here though. You aren't thinking of actually trying to find him, are you?"
“His leg?” the doctor asked, his tone totally uninterested.
"And how is your investigation going," Sherlock asked. "Any closer to finding the murderer?"
“John,” Sherlock said sternly. “Stop. It’s okay.”
“I don’t know how to help him,” Sherlock continued.
John looked startled—or as startled as he could through the pain he was clearly feeling.
“Where is Sebastian?” Sherlock asks.
“Not as bad as they look, I’m sure,” John said.
"Hi Molly," John sent her a sympathetic smile. "How did you determine there were no poisons in her system? And get her potassium level?"
“Oh yes,” Alec said, distractedly. “They found it in his hand. Alarmingly, it had the time of death on it, along with a few other sundry words. Quite strange.”
"Well, that was informative," he said tersely.
“John?” Sherlock asked softly.
John scoffed.
They were standing at the edge of John’s bed, arguing over Lestrade’s lack of progress with finding Scarecrow. If Sherlock were out there right now, he would be close to catching this Scarecrow guy. He was infuriated that they had apparently made no lead. But that didn’t mean he was willing to leave John’s side to go on the chase. Not now.
Sherlock smiled and brought the mirror over.
“Do hurry John,” the voice sounded bored. “Or I’ll shoot Sherlock.”
“I know it is,” Sherlock said quickly, finally looking up to meet John’s eyes.
John thought for a long moment.
"To get the rest of the curse," Sherlock said. "I recognized it and it comes from this world. When you opened the door, somebody must have sent it through."
The camera zoomed in briefly on John’s face. He looked determined and grim.
“But, with you…” he stopped, looking down at his feet. “I.. I’ve allowed myself… I didn’t mean to, but I…”
"Harry is short for Harriet," John pulled the pan off the fire and turned to look for bowls.
"Leave me alone!" Mrs. Hudson groaned. "I'm tired!"
“Please John,” Sherlock pleaded, “I need your help. John, stay with me. Help me find you.”
“Sh’lock” John slurred softly.
“You don’t know?” he shot.
“Well, erm…” Sherlock mumbled.
Then John’s hand was in his own hair. He had grabbed a handful of curls and was pushing him harder against his neck. He had leaned his head back to give Sherlock more room to work with.
"Oh! Sherlock!" Molly's voice piqued high in surprise, throwing him out of his thoughts.
The emotional part wanted to rage--scream or fight. The irrational part wanted to bargain. The doctor in him told him that he needed medical attention--needed to asses the level of damage and ensure no further damage.
“Sherlock,” John says after a moment, “thank you.”
Sherlock sighed. They hadn’t had a chance to come up with a plan. Too distracted. He would have to trust John.
He was purposefully counting slowly. There was no way this was only five seconds. John had stopped screaming and was gasping for breath now, his head lolling forward.
Sherlock was staring hard at the paper.
As they moved across it in the direction of the window, Sherlock fell back until he and John were the last of the group. Near the foot of the bed was a small square table, on which stood a dish of oranges and a carafe of water. As we passed it, Sherlock, to my unutterable astonishment, leaned over in front of me and deliberately knocked the whole thing over. The glass smashed into a thousand pieces, and the fruit rolled about into every corner of the room.
“Sherlock! And John!” Angelo approached their table, smiling broadly. “How are you boys?”
The room he was in was mostly bare. It was dusty, but there were footprints all over from several different shoes. The walls were painted a stark white—no wallpaper or ornamentation. There was a distinct smell—rot and rust. And there were no windows, so likely a large building with many interior rooms. Lights were set up and attached to a generator. So, balance of probability, a disused warehouse.
“There you are!” said Sherlock, smiling. “The robbery was a dangerous, reckless attempt, in which I seem to trace the influence of young Alec. Having found nothing, they tried to divert suspicion by making it appear to be an ordinary burglary, to which end they carried off whatever they could lay their hands upon. That is all clear enough, but there was much that was still obscure. What I wanted above all was to get the missing part of that note. I was certain that Alec had torn it out of the dead man's hand, and almost certain that he must have thrust it into the pocket of his dressing-gown. Where else could he have put it? The only question was whether it was still there. It was worth an effort to find out, and for that object we all went up to the house.”
"What?” Sherlock asked, dreading the answer he knew was coming.
Lestrade shot John a look before continuing.
"Oh, Sherlock," Mrs. Hudson pleaded.
"What?" John shook his head, trying to understand.
Molly blushed at this.
He led them to a door and pushed a button. After a moment, the doors opened onto a tiny room. John hesitated, but Sherlock seemed unconcerned, so he followed inside. To his shock, the small box lurched slightly and John could feel himself moving. When the door opened again, it was on a different room and John wondered if this were some sort of portal.
He was wrong.
John swayed in place a moment, clearly fighting off vertigo. But he remained upright this time. Sherlock was impressed. He was always impressed with John.
drop by drop
Sherlock's hand touched John's side very gently and John shivered. Sherlock long fingers, so dexterous on the violin, worked quickly and efficiently, though always gently, on his wounds. Before John had collected himself, Sherlock was finished and packing up the first aid kit again. John felt several things at once, not all of which he could identify.
Sherlock stared at her blankly.
John blinked.
“Oh,” John stammered. “Oh… that’s fine.”
“And…” the voice prompted finally.
He found that, as angry as he had been with the witch before, he was much more angry now. He must have been in shock the previous day. He was fuming. What right did she have, going around disabling people. And why him? He decided more firmly that he would track her down and find out. And if that meant staying with a heart eating (metaphorical or otherwise) Wizard, then that's what he would do.
After Lestrade's visit, Sherlock spent more and more time out of the house. John didn't bother asking where he was going, knowing full well that he would get no real answer. Instead, he asked Mrs. Hudson, hoping she might be a bit more forthcoming.
“Well, that’s interesting,” Sherlock said. “It seems clear that one of the men involved in this business distrusted the other was determined that, whatever was done, each should have an equal hand in it. Now, of the two men it is clear that the one who wrote the ‘at’ and ‘to’ was the ringleader.”
John grabbed his hand quickly, pulling him back down.
Molly sighed and squeezed his leg.
“Can’t you give us a rest,” Sherlock sighed.
"So," John said slowly, "you'll help us then?"
"As I'm sure you can see," Dr. Azarian continued, "the damage is quite severe. We need to take action immediately. The longer we wait, the higher the risk for complications. We need to make a decision about how to proceed."
Sherlock thought he might pass out.
“Great John,” Sherlock said, trying to guide him back to the bed again.
"Are you alright?” he asked.
"He does this when he's upset," Mrs. Hudson replied, flickering back as the slime made its way into the fireplace.
John still didn’t move.
“Me?” John asked, confused.
And Sherlock tugged John's free arm and John followed him, stumbling slightly, into their flat as Sherlock expounded on their next case and how he needed John to rest because they were going to the crime scene in a few hours. Sherlock tugged him directly to his chair and John allowed himself to fall into it.
"I'm okay," John panted, opening his eyes and looking up at Sherlock, but otherwise not moving. "But I can barely move. What happened?"
"Oh really?" she said and John was, inexplicably, reminded of a cat. "Well, what exactly are you good for then?"
Sherlock again. But... But Sherlock was... And they were at Baker street and it was...
He ran his hands through his hair as though trying to physically erase the images from his mind. But the gesture proved futile. The disturbing images of John's broken body seemed to be all he could see--the bright red of fresh blood, the jagged edges of torn skin, the shocking white of bone...
"Whoever is at the Kingsbury door," she said.
“Oh I am,” Scarecrow said. “And he’d better wake up soon, or it’ll be game over.”
Sherlock groaned under his breath. Why did this goddamn idiot have to be so tough all the time. It’s like he thinks he’s invincible. Like nothing can break him. He has, of course, been through quite a lot in his life, but that didn’t make him Superman. But then, Sherlock supposed he was going to eventually have to choose dare anyway. Maybe he thought he should get the dares out of the way first, when he still had some some energy.
Lestrade raised an eyebrow.
John took a shallow breath, then leaned forward and began to untie the shirt holding his leg to the plank. Although he did it silently, Sherlock could tell he was already in pain and struggling to breath bent over like he was.
The next morning, John found he had little tolerance for the annoyances of his usual day to day. Or rather, he appeared to have lost his filter. When Anderson came into the clinic complaining that he did not pass his detective's exam, John responded, "well, that's because your using it. It would take a magic spell to give you brains. Next time try asking somebody with half a brain to take it for you." Anderson had left in a huff and John had tried to feel bad about his words, but failed.
"Kingsbury door," Mrs. Hudson called.
John’s lips weren’t soft but weren’t rough either. His breath was warm against Sherlock’s own lips. There was tension in them, but they seemed to relax just a bit when Sherlock’s lips finally met his. Alarmingly, John’s lips were cool to the touch—not a good sign. But then John parted his lips and Sherlock forgot all about that.
“Hello Sebastian,” Sherlock says.
“Put your hands in his hair,” the voice said, jarring Sherlock out of his thoughts.
In front of him, the suspect darted down the alleyway between trash bins and the occasional fire escape. John pressed harder, jumping an overturned bin as he began to close the distance between himself and the suspect.
"Hmmm," John was rereading the spell again and took a moment to catch up to what she had said. "No. No, Mrs. Hudson. I'm not his date. It isn't like that."
He was still starring at the whirling mass when his feet touched lightly down on a steady surface. He looked around and found himself on the balcony of the herb shop. He looked at the stranger, who was looking back at him. Then they both burst out laughing, leaning heavily against the shop wall.
Panic.
“No leaning on the wall,” Scarecrow said, though Sherlock though he imagined something like admiration in his voice.
"Can you understand me well enough?" he asked.
He had to be alive. He had to. He…
"Mr. er... Sherlock is it?" he began, glancing up momentarily across the table at Sherlock, who raised an eyebrow at him to continue, "John Watson has sustained several life threatening injuries in the explosion to which I believe you were witness, am I correct?"
“I’m not letting you crawl upstairs,” Sherlock said finally. “Either let me pick you up, or I’ll do it anyway.”
He shook John again. Harder this time.
He felt a hand at his ear and struggled to get away.
Being born the eldest of three in a land where seven league boots and sorcerers exist is quite a misfortune. In the land of Ingary, the eldest of three is certain to live a life of mediocrity and failure while the youngest finds their fortune. And yet, being the eldest of two is worse. In a family with two children, neither child is destined for greatness.
"Prognosis?"
As soon as he was certain they were out of earshot of the cottage, he spun on his heels to face the witch, who was still smiling devilishly at him.
"Yep, that's the one," Mike said cheerfully. "Though you might be in just as much danger with him as you would be with the witch."
With seconds left to go, John is still about a foot away from the door. He stops, takes a breath, and makes a desperate leap for the door. The timer finishes its countdown and Sherlock hears a lock turn.
He looked down at John. John’s face held an expression Sherlock couldn’t quite interpret. Was it panic? Embarrassment? Anger? Shame? Some combination of emotions? Sherlock couldn’t tell.
“Things…” he finished softly. “Why he targeted us. Why he seemed so intent on killing me. I was dreaming and it just all clicked. The name even makes sense now. It was a the code name of a mission we went on. I saw him in my dream and I knew.”
“How could I have been so stupid?” Sherlock stood and started pacing the room. “Obvious. It’s so obvious!”
! The problem was that the disturbance wasn't external in origin.
"What spell?" Sherlock demanded.
“Sherlock,” John said softly, “please, just tell me. It’s okay.”
Finally, Sherlock lifted his head.
The Colonel turned to leave but paused at the door.
"Yeah," John chuckled at her. "I've sort of been living with him, actually."
“A fast-acting poison,” Moriarty said simply.
Just as John was truly beginning to believe he was going to die on that ground, so close to the body he had examined only that morning, the creature disappeared as suddenly as it had appeared. Panting, John raised his head to find Sherlock crouching over the circle, the chalk lying nearby, his hands in the air in mid gesture.
John nearly growled at the woman standing in the doorway, so out of place in that idyllic setting.
“Then, of course, there was the paper found on the body,” Sherlock continued. “It was clear that it formed part of a very remarkable document. I have given the original to the inspector, but here is a picture of it. Do you see anything suggestive about it?”
Sherlock stared at Moriarty. Well, at least this would be simple. With only four number, the amount of possible combinations was extremely limited. He would simply go through each of them until he hit the right one.
“Alec Cunningham,” Colonel Hayter said, “meet Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.”
“Don’t listen to him,” John had begun applying alcohol to some gauze.
"You'll want to use the blue door, honey," Mrs. Hudson called. "It's trash day there."
"Er..." he felt a bit foolish, "I don't see anything."
I'm sorry I can't stay. I wanted to give you my watch. Something to remember me by. I do miss you so. I'll come back again as soon as I can to visit you.
"This... How..." John stammered at the fire.
“And Moriarty?” John asks.
“How much longer?” Sherlock screamed again.
"Yes," John turned to face him in his chair.
"Come with me," Sherlock grabbed his coat and scarf and moved quickly toward the door.
"Get some more. I'm busy."
John watched as Sherlock made an odd gesture and, almost immediately, the scarecrow was gone. John stared at the empty door, astounded.
“No,” John said quickly. “No, I wanted it. I want it. It’s just…”
"A spell," Sherlock apparently finished and wiped his hands together as he stood. "It will attract any ghost in the vicinity to this spot."
With one last glance at the scarecrow, John began to make his way forward again. After what seemed an eternity of slow and tedious progress, John glance behind him to find Market Chipping not much farther than it had seemed when he found the scarecrow.
John glanced back over Sherlock's shoulder, toward the door and whoever had grabbed him, but he could see nobody behind Sherlock. He looked back at Sherlock.
Time seemed to stretch on forever and John was just beginning to wonder if he could distract Sherlock with more lessons on spell work when a knock sounded at the door.
“Yes,” John huffed out softly.
He opened the pocketknife in his hand and helped John down onto his back again.
Sherlock suspected there was something more but didn’t press it. The voice, on the other hand.
“There’s a chance,” John said softly. “There’s a chance you can save me.”
“No,” he said finally.
Moriarty laughs.
“What?” Sherlock yelled, beginning to panic again. “What do you want?”
John’s chest was rising and falling steadily, so he was still alive. Thank God. But he is also pale and sweaty.
He was also beginning to feel quite light headed and he was sure it had something to do with what Sherlock had just said.
He vaguely registered the worried look the overcame Lestrade’s face before he began sorting rubble again.
"A... a case?" John's eyebrows furrowed as he returned the man's intense stare.
John pushed himself off of the ground with his right arm and left leg, but instead of trying to balance or make it all the way up in one go, he used the wall to help him drag himself up. The wall was made of stone with several fairly good finger holds. John used his good leg to push against the wall and his good arm to begin climbing his way upright. It could work. Brilliant.
John wasn't entirely certain what a "lab" was, but Sherlock seemed deep in his own thoughts, so John thought it best not to disturb him.
“There,” he yelled back at John, “a trail.”
"I've got the consent forms here for you to sign," she said, pushing her way into the room and laying the clipboard and pen on the table in front of him.
Then, unbelievably, a movement below him. Slight, but there.
“What I meant was…” he started, but John stopped him.
“You are correct,” the voice still sounded gleeful. “Alright then, Dr. Watson, your turn. Truth or dare?”
"How did you try and persuade him?" she asked quietly.
“Anything,” Alec said. “We just want this matter over with.”
John, still trying to pry his eyes open, heard distant voices. He tried to listen to what they were saying, but they sounded far away and distorted, as though he were hearing them from under water. He gave up the effort and concentrated instead on opening his eyes.
Sherlock explained John’s troubling symptoms quickly.
John and Sherlock had both assumed the man was a bad shot. Afterall, he could have hit them many times in the forest, but he’d missed every time, even when they were both asleep. It hadn’t occurred to Sherlock… He hadn’t thought… He hadn’t realized that he hadn’t meant to hit them. That he had intentionally missed them to lure them here. To lure them onto this ladder. To…
John was still staring at the door when a short, South Asian man in a lab coat entered, holding a chart and smiling politely.
“So I have trouble fancying guys now,” John finished.
“Yes, it was,” Sherlock and John both exclaimed, looking at one another.
“See,” John groaned. “I told you I would be okay.”
Sherlock grinned. "I know you are an army doctor invalidated home from Zanzib. I know you have a brother, but you won't go to him for help. Probably because of his alcoholism. I think that's enough to be getting on with."
“Look,” Sherlock said, exasperated. “I know it’s
"Fine," it said bending down hesitantly as John put the pan on top of it, "but I'm still not your housekeeper."
If the spell were not a simple incantation, then perhaps it was a potion. Perhaps he needed to find the ingredients in the words--self-discovering, as Sherlock had said. He read the spell again, but could make no progress on it.
"Yes, I remember," John said, suddenly very aware of the cane in his hand.
John tensed as she came closer and closer. Then, just as she had reached the area covered by the net, Sherlock pulled out the mirror. The woman hissed, covering her face with her arms and Sherlock shouted, "now!"
“You’ll be in the way,” Sherlock tried a different tactic.
“When was this?” Sherlock asked.
"I..." John faltered as he again heard his voice and realized that the unfamiliar sound would probably now be permanent. He cleared his throat, though he knew it would do no good. "I'll need to see an someone."
“Presuming that it is an appointment,” continued the Inspector, “it is, of course, a conceivable theory that this William Kirwan, although he had the reputation of being an honest man, may have been in league with the thief. He may have met him there, may even have helped him to break in the door, and then they may have fallen out between themselves.”
And John gasped audibly, his eyes going wide.
Sherlock nodded. "Leave the details and the case files. I'll be right behind you."
John was fairly certain his head was going to split open. If it would stop the pounding, he wasn't sure he minded much. Of course, then he would have nothing to distract him from the bloody awful pain that stabbed his chest every time he had the nerve to take a breath.
Lestrade raised an eyebrow. Clearly, he wasn’t the only one with suspicions in that direction.
“What’s the price,” he asked suspiciously.
He looked up, raising an eyebrow at Sherlock.
Sherlock watched all this feeling helpless. He had no idea how to help John. Everything he did seemed to make things worse. He tried to talk to John, but John shut down the conversation. He could no longer even touch John without causing him to flinch. He even tried cooking for John, though he couldn’t blame him for rejecting that effort. Sherlock was no cook.
"Ah yes," he said, stopping on a page. "Here it is. Would you like me to read it for you?"
A few more (incredibly long) moments later, Sherlock heard Lestrade and five others, whose identities he didn’t care enough to note, picking through the rubble beside him. He didn’t care to admit (to himself or anybody else) how relieved he was to have help in finding John.
An hour and a half progressed in much the same way. John moved slowly through the room, being as careful as he could. Nonetheless, he is now covered head to toe in his own blood. His clothes are in tatters. But Sherlock can see that the wounds are all superficial. But he’s still not moving quickly enough to reach the door in time.
Both men turned toward him in surprise.
Breathing.
“Not about that, I’m afraid,” Mycroft said.
“But…” Sherlock began to argue.
Sherlock blanched, his heart dropping out of his chest.
“Sherlock…” John started again. He rubbed his brown and all of the tension that had left came back. “You are… I…”
“Did you mean it?” John asked.
"Is everything okay?" she asked.
“John, I’m sorry,” Sherlock explained, “but you have to play too.”
He gathered some oats, brown sugar, and water into a pan and moved back, very slowly, to the fire.
He read the spell again.
Sherlock tried not to react to that.
“I’m sorry John,” he said.
"What decision?" Sherlock asked, trying to read the chart and frowning petulantly when he found it was displaying a page with only irrelevant biographical information.
"I said no," Mrs. Hudson said petulantly.
"You pocket watch," Sherlock said, pointing to the watch. "It is an expensive piece, but you are wearing inexpensive clothing and have no other luxury items. A gift then. The next part is easy, you know it already."
“17, 24, 11, 32,” Sherlock calls out to John as the clock ticks steadily down.
“You’ve already told me everything,” Sherlock said.
“Someone told you?” John asked. “You actually asked somebody about dates?”
John glanced out the window again, surprised to find the sun had risen. He looked down at his notes and realized he hadn't actually done any work. Frowning, he pushed the notes into a pile and made his way into the clinic to face another day of the same thing he had done the day before.
about John. What do you think about him in the deepest parts of your heart—and don’t bother telling me you don’t have one; we both know that’s not true? What do you say about him in the most secret parts of your brain? Where does John Watson fit in your ideal life?”
Sherlock closed his eyes and pursed his lips. He had no choice. He opened his eyes. Propped John’s head against his left hand, and with his right, slapped him across the face as hard as he could.
Distantly, Sherlock realized he was panicking. Panicking? He didn’t panic. Not him. But the sight before him made his blood run cold.
“Sherlock,” an infuriatingly pompous voice answered, “I wondered when you would call. How’s John?”
Sherlock leapt out of the way just in time to avoid the attack and the creature slammed into the wall with enough force to make the nearby window rattle.
“Why’s that?” John asked.
"I've already informed your doctor," he said clearly so that John could follow the words.
He turned as quickly as his aching body would allow and found himself face to face with the mysterious stranger he had met in Market Chipping just a few days prior. John stared, his mouth slightly ajar.
“Alright,” the voice said, “enough with the sentiment. John. Your turn.”
Sherlock tried to concentrate what he had seen of John before he had collapsed to determine if he... If he was...
In fact, as the events of the past hour replayed in his mind, he seemed to grow more angry with every step.
“Well, I would be surprised,” Moriarty said. “I do know how you love puzzles. And John, of course. I would have to kill him. Quite slowly too. But you could simply walk away. Up to you.”
"I'm looking for the full version of this," he said, handing the man the paper.
Another shot rang out. Somehow, it completely missed Sherlock, but he heard John groan behind him.
John raised an eyebrow again.
“Oh, of course,” the doctor said aggravatingly slowly. “Yes, well, yes, he did. But…”
from side to side
“Sherlock,” John said again. “It’s okay. Just.. Just start here. What was her name?”
“John wait,” Sherlock tries. He doesn’t like where this is going. His insides are churning. “Don’t do it.”
One night, after a particularly interesting and challenging case, Sherlock and John are lying in bed together, laughing about the hijinks they had gotten up to during the case. The mood is light and they are both refreshed.
"It's okay." John said. "You aren't obligated. You don't have to..."
“Carry me up the stairs?” his tone was almost humorous. “Sherlock, there is no way you would be able to lift me and carry me up this flight of stairs. I may be short, but I’m not that small.”
The utter anguish he had felt when he didn't know if John was alive or dead. The anxiety he experienced any time John had been out of his sight since his injury. His panicked need to prevent John from agreeing to this surgery--to prevent him from any possible further injury or trauma.
"Wizard Holmes?" Harry's voice matched the shock on her face.
Sherlock bolted awake, sitting up straight in his chair.
"Cases," Sherlock murmured, moving over to the fire and settling in the black chair across from John's.
Behind him was danger--bullets and explosives and pain and death. In front of him was... Sherlock? No, that couldn't be right. Why would Sherlock be in Afghanistan?
John immediately fell against the wall, sliding down much more quickly than he climbed up. He had to stop twice to adjust the position of his leg, but he was down again in seconds.
“Well,” Hayter said, “those two families have been feuding for years.”
It wasn’t. Sherlock had, in the very depths of his mind, wanted to kiss this man for so long. Wanted to hold him and be held by him. Wanted to press his lips against John’s—to feel his strong body against his own. This, however, was not how he had imagined that happening. Far from it.
Moriarty picked at some lint on his well-tailored suit.
Before he could finish the thought, the stranger had leaped off the roof, pulling John's hand along with him. Without thinking, John followed his hand and leapt. His heart rocketed into his throat as he realized what he had just done and he closed his eyes, waiting for the inevitable fall. But it never came.
An insistent knock sounded at the door.
"Sister!" Sherlock growled. "She's your sister. It's always something."
Sherlock looked at him in alarm.
“Nothing,” Sherlock repeated. “I’m not going to do a damn thing to you. I won’t touch you. Neither will Mycroft’s people.”
Amelia stared at him, eyes wide.
"But did she touch you?" Sherlock insisted.
“Perfect,” Sherlock said and hung up the phone.
"John," Sherlock was standing very still at the side of the bed, blocking the door and whoever had been there before. "John, it's me. It's okay. Can I touch you? Can I help you lay back down?"
Sherlock felt like he might be physically sick.
“It’s going to be okay,” Sherlock said softly. “It’s all going to be okay now. I’m going to fine that monster as soon as you’re better. You’re safe now.”
“Oh, don’t be so bitter Sherlock,” Moriarty says. “I’ll even do you a kindness. Since it’s John’s turn, I’ll give him a moment to collect himself before he heads into the next room.”
John was surprised to find that he did. He had known the man for a little over a day, but he felt he had known him for years.
“No!” Sherlock gave John an apologetic look and reached gently into his pocket to retrieve the gun. John grunted but did not protest.
"Oh," Sherlock said, following his gaze. "Homeless network. Much faster than the detectives and far easier to bribe. We should have a lead on our vampire soon."
"Wait!" John shouted, but it was too late. The mysterious man was gone and he was left to watch the shadows float slowly after him.
“Truth or Dare?” the voice asked.
Sherlock had pulled out a small instrument and was examining the body closely. John moved over to stand next to him, looking over his shoulder and trying to find anything on the body that might indicate cause of death. The body looked completely normal -- no obvious marks or injuries and no signs of asphyxiation. John was disappointed -- he had wanted to be useful, but he was clearly out of his depth.
"But why?" John was confused.
“The puzzle is quite simple,” Moriarty says. “All you have to do is locate the first aid kit. John is then more than welcome to treat his injuries with it. But do be careful. The kit is only in one of the nine indicated locations. Each of the other locations contain something dangerous or painful. You will have 30 minutes to find the supplies. If you don’t find them, I’ll put John back in the first room, and we’ll start over.”
“Something about land,” Hayter explained. “The Cunningham’s are convinced that part of the Acton estate actually belongs to them. I don’t know much about it, but they’ve been at each other’s throats for years.”
"Now run!" the stranger said and took off, gliding through mid air with John's hand clasped firmly in his own.
Night was beginning to fall and the wind was becoming bitter. John gripped his new cane tighter and forced himself to continue forward. At the rate he was going, he would never reach shelter before nightfall. And with the curse, he would be vulnerable to any creature or evil that might happen upon him in the dark. He needed to find shelter and soon.
Sherlock stared at the man in front of him in utter disbelief. He was still staring down at John's chart as though reading a script. After a pregnant pause, he looked up to find Sherlock glaring angrily at him. He raised a lazy eyebrow.
John was silent a moment, thinking hard. Sherlock nervously scanned the darkness around them, listening intently for any sign of their killer.
John gave a curt nod that made him even more nauseous.
Something clattered somewhere to his left in one of the tunnels and Sherlock could feel the color drain from his face. The killer. He’d forgotten about the killer. They were trapped down here with a maniac intent on killing John’s Watson.
Taking a deep breath, John moved forward before he could lose his nerve. When he arrived at the edge of the castle, however, John had no idea how to get in. There were several doors, but he could reach none of them.
“Having got so far, my next step was, of course, to examine into the details of the crime and to see how far they would help us. There was no powder marks on the clothes of the victim. Evidently, therefore, Alec Cunningham had lied when he said that the two men were struggling when the shot was fired. Further, both father and son agreed as to the place where the man escaped into the road. At that point, however, as it happens, there is a broadish ditch, moist at the bottom. As there were no indications of boot-marks about this ditch, I was absolutely sure not only that the Cunningham’s had lied, but that there had never been any unknown man upon the scene at all.”
“Good boy,” Scarecrow said. “Don’t worry, it’s nothing too taxing for you.”
"Well," John said, contemplating this, "whoever poisoned them had to have a good amount of money and possibly space. Curare doesn't grow in this climate and the plant itself is not cheap to import. It would make sense to get a small plant and then grow it, but that would take a greenhouse with a good amount of space."
“Don’t worry John,” Sherlock lifted his other hand to John’s cheek. “Neither of us will ever be alone again. I promise.”
John pauses, understanding dawning.
Sherlock moved uncomfortably.
"What's wrong?" Sherlock was at his side immediately, his own eye's wide in panic.
“Down we go,” Sherlock agreed.
"Wh... What?" John stammered, trying to glance around him to the soldiers.
He was so caught up in tending to his breakfast that he didn't notice the door open until a voice broke his concentration.
John looked over his shoulder at her.
But he had been trying, unsuccessfully, not to think back to those moments after the explosion for several hours now, so he gave up the effort and allowed his mind to wander back to the next moments in his memory's sequence.
The voice laughed.
He growled and unfolded himself to pace around the room again, much to the annoyance of everybody who occupied the room.
Scarecrow laughed again.
"I've come for a remedy, of course," she said dismissively.
"I simply pocketed it when he was distracted," Sherlock said with a grin.
John woke in a sweat, breathing hard and shaking. He ran his hands over his face and tried to control his breathing, hoping he had not called out in his sleep. He took several deep breaths, moving his hands down to grasp the sheets hard, trying to steady himself.
John stopped talking. A tear was silently making its way down his cheek. Sherlock had stopped breathing. He was shaking with fury and with… with guilt. How could he not have known. How could he not have deduced something this big.
He felt John’s tongue slide across his open lips and shuddered involuntarily. Then John’s tongue was in his mouth, gently moving along Sherlock’s own tongue. The feeling was… it was amazing. Sherlock had never… His whole body was reacting.
It must have been sometime later, though he couldn't be certain how long, when the sound of the door opening startled him, causing him to jump again.
John didn’t respond, but when Sherlock began counting his breaths, John breathed with him.
Sherlock sighed.
“I knew you could do it,” John mumbled.
Sherlock's eyes widened and he looked over at the human mermaid, who was now smiling menacingly at them.
Sherlock glared at the man, but John put a hand on his arm and steered him out.
Lestrade scratched his head.
“Fine,” Sherlock said.
“I’m disappointed Sherlock,” Moriarty says slowly. “I would have thought you would know something like this.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“What does that mean?” Sherlock asked, his apprehension growing.
“Sherlock Holmes,” the voice said. “I can tell from here that the bullet didn’t go all the way through John’s shoulder. Be a dear and get that bullet out of our Dr. Watson.”
"I had everything organized," he said grumpily.
"He was found in his house completely drained of blood with two puncture marks on his neck," Bryan said. "What else could do that?"
"It slowed it down," Sherlock said, grinning. "And it was still a good shot."
"I know," Irene said, shooting John an evil smile. "So nice to see you again, John."
“Make what interesting?” Sherlock asked.
He attempted shifting his position slightly, trying to find some comfort, but succeeded only in increasing his discomfort. When he was particularly distressed, Sherlock had once told him that his body was betraying. Now John's body was doing much the same--refusing to obey his orders and, worse still, distracting him from even the simplest coherent thought.
“Good,” Scarecrow said. “Now off you pop Dr. Watson. Don’t make me count again.”
"This isn't a vampire," Molly said after a moment examining the victim's neck.
"And what makes you so sure," John asked, eyeing Sherlock, who looked ready to kick the boy out.
“It’s fine,” John’s voice sounded soft, but determined. “It’s fine Sherlock. I can do it. It’s only five seconds.”
And then he had begun waiting.
“First though,” Sherlock said, “I wanted to confirm my suspicions about the handwriting. I endeavoured to create circumstances that should prompt Mr. Cunningham to write the word ‘twelve’ on a piece of paper.”
The creature lunged again, this time for John. Without even thinking, John pulled the trigger. The bullet hit the thing square in the chest and it slowed slightly, but did not stop.
"How do you feel about the violin?" Sherlock asked.
Sherlock shut his eyes again and shook his head. "John I am astounded by how thoroughly you underestimate yourself. You have innumerable qualities I do not possess, all of which are invaluable to me. Personally."
Sherlock gently, but firmly pulled John up, his arm draped under John’s good shoulder and around his back. John tried to pull his good food under him, but almost immediately collapsed back into Sherlock.
Then there was the most important detail. In front of him, tied to an identical chair, sat John Watson, still unconscious.
That caught his attention. Why though? It was surprising and worrying, but he couldn’t figure out why. Who was calling him? Who would it surprise him to hear the word please from?
“Yes,” the doctor said, lowering the chard. “For now.”
with you,” John said, exasperated. “I want to be with you for the rest of my life. I don’t want to share you. I don’t want to date an endless string of faceless women. I just want you.”
Sherlock blanched.
"Time to catch a murderer," Sherlock, ignoring John's jab, grabbed his coat, scarf, and a bag he had apparently already packed and headed toward the door.
“No,” Sherlock said.
“Lestrade,” the voice on the other end of the phone was already annoyed.
"Sherlock?" John was shaking now. He was confused. He couldn't interpret what he was hearing. Surely Sherlock wasn't... He couldn't be saying... It wasn't possible.
The fluorescent lights beat down in the antiseptic room, throwing uncomfortable chairs, cheap linens, and various machinery into stark relief. The antiseptic smell of excessive use of cleaner permeated the room… hall… building. In the corner, one of the machines beeped a regular, soothing rhythm. Behind the door, people could be heard shuffling about, giving reports, and barking orders.
“He sees a therapist,” Mycroft said. “She should be able to do something.”
“You can sign yourself out AMA,” the doctor said, “but it would be better for you to just stay a few more days and…”
“He won’t go,” Sherlock said.
“It’s not his blood,” Lestrade said softly. “It’s John’s.”
Sherlock hung up the phone before Mycroft could respond and turned to John, who was staring stubbornly at him from his chair.
Finally, after what felt like an eternity, the doctor announced that he was taking John off the respirator. Sherlock nearly cried from relief.
Sherlock’s heart seized up.
“John!” Sherlock tries, but John doesn’t stir.
"I said I'm busy," Sherlock grumbled.
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock crooned. “You can do it. Good. Yes.”
"Who's this?" he asked, clearly suspicious.
A pause as John examined his surroundings closely.
"Really?" John paused in the doorway. "So, there actually is a vampire?"
“No,” he said again. “that’s not what I meant.”
"I said no," he repeated, his fury building until he felt as though it were radiating visibly from him.
“Sherlock Holmes?” the inspector studied Sherlock. “And to what do we owe this pleasure. I wouldn’t think this case, strange as it may be, would be something to bring you all the way down here from London.”
“Please tell us all that you know,” Sherlock said once they were seated in the Cunningham’s drawing room. The older Mr. Cunningham, Alec’s father, had joined them.
“Okay,” Sherlock said.
“Fuck off,” he said softly, his voice tight with rage.
"Can't we break it?" John asked.
John didn’t respond. His face was paler than before. Sherlock looked at his shoulder, blook was seeping through the scarf. He looked at his leg. Blood coated the board.
Your stewed, overseasoned
Sherlock looked at him.
“Go on then,” the voice said. “Remember, make it good.”
Feeling panic rising in his chest, John reached down with his good arm and touched his thigh just above where Sherlock's hand was resting. He pressed hard. He could feel the sensation of his hand touching something, but he felt nothing on his leg. It was a disorienting sensation. It was terrifying.
"And you stayed?" John asked.
you must do.
"Damn the risks!" John shot back. "I don't give a damn about the risks, Sherlock!"
"Oh, didn't you hear?" she asked, her voice lilting. "I'm here for a date. You're sister really is quite sweet."
John moaned again. His head had fallen forward and Sherlock couldn’t tell if he was still conscious.
Please note: Much of the text of this chapter is taken from The Adventure of the Reigate Squire.
of replacing hearts
“And if you survive?” the voice prompted. “The shoulder and the leg?”
Sherlock watched as John nodded curtly again, his face still a mask of determination.
It had been several weeks now since they had decided to lure Moriarty out and they were steadily and publicly working their way through Moriarty’s associates. It had been difficult and dangerous work. These were not petty criminals. One had been a quite high-ranking government official, and several were trained assassins. But they had managed to expose eight people so far. The blog posts had been John’s idea. And a good one too. Nothing more humiliating that being the subject of John’s blog.
He lay with his eyes closed for several long minutes, breathing as well as he could manage through the pain and trying to remember why he had been sedated.
“Major Sholto?” John’s voice is excited. His face flushed. A smile lights up his features.
"Brilliant," Sherlock hummed. "Ghosts, murders, no cause of death. Perfect!"
"But," John blinked, "who? And how?"
Sherlock didn't bother trying to contact Harry. She would have been of little help in the best of situations and Sherlock certainly wouldn't trust her with any important medical decisions concerning John.
Bursting into the room, they found Sherlock on the ground being attacked by both Alec and his father. Alec had his hands on Sherlock’s throat while Mr. Cunningham was twisting his wrist. The inspector pulled his gun, but with all the chaos, could not very well shoot without the possibility of hitting Sherlock too.
"John?" the voice said again, barely a whisper of sound, yet still so familiar.
“No,” Lestrade said firmly.
Sherlock felt his wrists begin to bruise and lacerate as he tried futilely to get to Moriarty and Moran, but the effort was wasted. It simply caused Moriarty to laugh again. John, on the other hand, sat stoically. He allowed no expression to cross his face.
Her smile widened and she stepped forward, leaning in so that their faces were only inches apart.
John was angry now.
The first thing he noticed (because it sent a jolt of panic up his spine) was blood. Blood pooled around John’s inert body, spreading in a circle around his head, left shoulder, and right leg.
The nurse smiled at him as he lowered the pen to the paper.
Sherlock shot him a look but didn't answer. He continued pacing.
John continued coughing—dry and hacking—and Sherlock closed his eyes.
"Oh, who knows," she answered. "Who knows what goes on in that silly head of his."
The houses that lined the street were all large and new and the people walking about were in elaborate robes and dresses. In the distance, John could see a large dome surrounded by several turrets.
Sherlock leaned down quickly and planted his lips on John’s, stopping his stammering. John opened his mouth immediately and Sherlock invaded with the eagerness of an American army. He cupped John’s face in his hands. Before he was ready (when would he ever be ready?) he pulled away again.
“I don’t know Sherlock,” Molly said.
"Well, want all you want," John said. "I'm not giving Sherlock to you."
"Oh my," Mrs. Hudson flared up in surprise.
"Fine," he snapped and moved to Sherlock, putting his good arm around his chest and pulling him up. "Come on."
“Oh dear,” Moriarty crooned. “Bad luck. Are you going to try again, Sherlock? Do you think poor John is able to endure another wrong choice?”
"Where does the black door lead?" John asked Mrs. Hudson.
"Might as well get it over with," John said, hand on the door handle. "He's not going away until you talk to him apparently. And who knows, maybe it isn't about the princess and Wizard Suliman."
John makes a mental note to thank them. Maybe a card. Does hallmark make a card for preventing somebody from a suicidal revenge mission?
"Why shouldn't I just kill you?" she asked softly, reaching out a hand and stroking his cheek.
“Careful,” John said, his gun still raised. “I don’t think this guy is happy we’re here.”
Irene raised one finger and John felt his throat close as he tried to reveal her true identity. His eyes narrowed as he clearly felt the spell take hold.
Dr. Azarian looked up from his chart at John for a silent moment. John stared back at him, trying to interpret his expression, but finding the task rather difficult. After a moment the doctor glanced down again.
"A... a what?" John stared at the woman, who looked like a perfectly normal human, aside from the growls and snarls.
"John," Sherlock had stood and faced him. "What do you think?"
They had moved into a large area filled with tall trees now and John was having trouble seeing in the relative dark under the thick canopy. Sherlock, on the other hand, seemed to have no trouble discerning his way. He moved confidently through the trees as John stumbled after him, trying not to get his cane caught on any roots or branches.
Beside him, John had let his head fall into his hand. He was no longer hyperventilating but was still shaking.
"I know," Mrs. Hudson grumbled.
First thing he noticed was the gunshot wound. It was in John’s left shoulder. Sherlock’s breath caught. It was the same shoulder he’d been shot in when he was deployed.
Sherlock glared at Moriarty. He has no doubt that the decision he will be asked to make will be anything but easy. He looks back at the screen, watching as Sebastian moves around the bed until he is standing by John’s hip. John is avoiding looking at him.
Sherlock groaned inwardly as he stumbled over yet another apparently invisible root. As he readjusted the bag weighing down his back, he wondered for the thousandth time why he had decided to trek out to the middle of the woods, before remembering… Oh yes, a
John raised an eyebrow, but didn't argue. He certainly knew less about ghosts than Sherlock apparently did. And he certainly wasn't going to argue with a wizard about a spell.
“Your turn Sherlock,” the voice called. “Truth or dare?”
“What can I do to help you?” Sherlock asked softly.
“You’re not carrying me up these stairs,” John said, his tone final.
"We can't jump to conclusions," he said finally.
"I'll go draw up the consent forms," he said.
John smiled at Sherlock briefly, affection clear in his expression. Sherlock smile back genuinely. Maybe he had finally done something right for John.
“And here’s your choice,” the man said. “One of you is going to be shot. Not fatally, of course. Not yet anyway. You choose which one of you I shoot.”
“I feel like I’ve been hit by a truck,” John said groggily.
"I don't think..." Sherlock looked skeptical and, for some reason, it made John furious.
“Do you want an update on Moran though?” Mycroft asked sweetly.
The inspector, Colonel, and John all leapt into action. Moving more quickly than he thought possible with his injuries, John led the group toward the cry.
Sherlock turned back toward John.
“Sherlock, if that’s really how you feel,” John said, keeping his gaze, “then that’s nothing to be sorry about. It’s good. Sherlock, I was afraid you weren’t actually capable of loving anyone. I had no idea you felt that way. I’m… I’m honored. The great Sherlock Holmes only loves one person and it’s me? I… How in the world did I deserve that?”
“You tell me,” the voice said.
“Okay then,” Sebastian said, unconcerned. “Just the two of us then? Or will Mycroft’s men be involved as well.”
"No, wait," John glanced back out the window at the woman he had spoken with, "what was all that?"
“How could we have missed it?” Sherlock asked.
“No?” Sherlock turned back toward the voice.
First, he was in a private room. He suspected Mycroft's interference there, though he wouldn't put it past Sherlock to have some connection in the hospital administration or to be able to charm his way into a private room.
"That makes no sense Sherlock," he said finally. "There's nothing for you here. Why would you want to be here?"
“Colonel Hayter,” a voice from the front door called. “To what do we owe the pleasure?”
"Are you Sherlock's date then?" Mrs. Hudson asked.
"Do you believe her?" John and Sherlock were back in a carriage, making their way to the last crime scene.
do you feel about your best friend?”
The Afghan sun beat down on John’s head. No matter how long he spent under that sun, he never got used to it. At the moment, however, he was distracted. He could hear shouting and bullet fire all around him. In the distance, explosions shook the ground. His friends and comrades were falling one by one. He was rushing to help them, trying desperately to save them. He was failing. They were dying.
"What the hell are you doing here?" he spat.
The footsteps stopped and there was a moment of silence. John and Sherlock both barely breathed as they listened. Then, suddenly, there were several loud bangs, as though somebody were fighting, followed by a thud.
"Well, come in then," John said.
Back on the screen, John has made it about halfway across the room when he stumbles. He falls to his knees, catching himself with his hand. All of which are now embedded in the glass on the floor. He cries out as he lands, then gets sick to his stomach on he floor. Sherlock wants to turn away, but he owes it to John to witness this.
John was quiet for most of the car ride. He had been quiet most of the time for the last few weeks. Sherlock missed hearing his voice. He was just glad John wasn’t alone, even if he didn’t seem to be helping much.
John did, taking a shaky breath.
"Whose this?" a petite, dark woman asked Lestrade, gesturing to John as he entered the room.
“Boyfriend?” Molly looked surprised.
Sherlock took a deep breath, closing his eyes. Then he turned his head and looked down at John, who was gazing steadily up at him. John’s head nodded, once, just as it had the night Moriarty had them at the pool.
"Well," Dr. Azarian gave him a sheepish look, "I'm afraid their results were inconclusive. Some of your team believe you are suffering from Brown-Sequard syndrome, which is an incomplete spinal cord lesion causing contralateral paralysis. This would be permanent and untreatable."
Then, blissfully, it stopped as suddenly as it began. John collapsed on the floor, shaking, but still breathing.
John clenched his fist tightly as the tremors increased, then sighed again and let it drop to the bed.
Mike looked down at his feet, clearing his throat. An awkward silence spread between them.
Sherlock nodded, unsure what he should do next.
He paused outside the door to John's room, leaned against the wall and breathed again. In and out. Then he started walking.
“Time starts now,” Moriarty said, pressing a button on the laptop and starting a countdown timer.
“No,” Sherlock said, smiling. “You are going to have a nice, normal, quiet, dull life from now on. You’ll sit in this cell and nobody will bother you. You won’t be touched at all.”
“What are you going to do to him?” Sherlock asks.
, John though sardonically,
Sherlock blanched. He already knew some of what John could tell him, but he had honestly been avoiding the information from his own brain. There had been nothing he could do about it and, therefore, no reason to worry about it yet. But now…
"That's not nerve damage," he said finally.
“Sherlock, please,” John said. “I need you to know… I need to tell you…”
He watched John Watson hit the floor.
"Hmm, yes," Sherlock murmured, leaning in closer to the body. "She discovers the cause of death in patients who are deceased and often helps with the crimes I work on. Quite useful."
John moved over to his chair, still feeling a bit shaky and extremely tired. Sherlock watched him carefully.
John wondered if wizards dealt with these kinds of things all the time.
“John?” Sherlock turned his head to look, but John’s head was turned away from him.
Sherlock sighed.
Then he closed his eyes, berating himself for asking such a stupid question. His brain clearly wasn’t working properly.
"He was killed by a vampire," Bryan said.
John stared. The demon's voice, unlike what he would have expected from such a creature, was high and lilting, almost like an old woman.
“And you would?” Moriarty asked, actually surprised.
Moriarty had been his commander for a number of years now and Sebastian couldn’t be happier with the arrangement. Did Moriarty periodically put him in extreme danger? Of course. That’s what he loved about him. Had he offered him up to Sherlock Holmes as some sort of consolation prize? Sure, but Sebastian couldn’t blame him. It would have been worth it to have five minutes torturing John Watson.
He head a noise and spun around just in time to see the audiologist leaving John's room, her assistant trailing behind her. He waited just long enough for them to pass before moving to the door and pushing inside.
In the end, they had sat together in John's room the night before his surgery in a tense, uncomfortable silence. Sherlock hadn't been able to think of anything to say that would persuade John. John had been silent since he'd gotten the news--resolute and determined and stubborn and infuriating and so damn
Sherlock was torn. This wasn't his decision to make and John was already teetering on the edge of anger, but he couldn't just let him recklessly rush into this without considering it fully.
“Need help?” John stopped next to him, holding several long sticks.
Sherlock thinks for a moment, then comes to a decision. If he has been given time, he can at least use it.
"Well, I'd best get going," John said, taking Mike's hand and shaking it brusquely. "Thanks for your help."
John looked wretched. Sherlock wanted to tell him to stop, but he knew that wouldn’t help. He wanted to find this monster and tear out his vocal cords. But that wasn’t going to happen. So he was going to do all that he could do. Bear witness.
On the screen, Sherlock watched paralyzed as Sebastian unbuttoned John’s jeans and, with one fluid, practiced motion, ripped them down as far as his spread legs would allow. John began flailing, trying to get out of his restraints. Sherlock could see a trickle of blood from where he was pulling on his shackles.
"Let me in," Amelia grumbled.
John stared at the door for a long moment. Then, before he could convince himself no to do it, he turned the knob to black and opened the door.
"Oh that," Mrs. Hudson said lightly. "That's a magic door, of course. See the wheel?"
“Well, John,” Sherlock said softly, “I do believe this holiday has been something of a success, don’t you?”
"A case?" he asked.
“Likely too much nerve damage to heal,” John said.
"Oh," she said, waving a hand, "just something to help me attract a certain someone."
“Okay!” John said quickly. “Okay.”
"John," he said, not looking up. "Over here."
“Please,” he said softly, finally catching John’s eye.
John rubbed his leg, trying to work out some of the stiffness and pain that had accumulated during the day.
Of course.
John eyed it warily, clutching his cane tighter, but Sherlock had already begun making his way down. Sighing, John waited until he was several meters below and then tucked the cane into his trouser loop and carefully placed his first leg on the rope.
“Do you know what it was?” Moriarty asked. “Because poor Sherlock is out of the loop, I’m afraid.”
Sherlock waited. He wasn’t afraid. John knew everything about him. He had nothing to hide. There was no way this truth could rattle him.
“It isn’t even a puzzle,” Sherlock yelled at Moriarty.
"Can I see it?" he asked.
Sherlock calculated. He was nervous. John’s turn had been so mild. What was Scarecrow building up to? He had to be doing something. If he chose dare now, he was certain he would be given a task that would hurt John again. And, given how simple the last task was, it was bound to be rough. But he wanted John to take the truths. It would be easier for him not to have to do dares. But, then again, Sherlock’s dares all targeted John anyway. And John could really use a break. Honestly, so could Sherlock.
"No," Sherlock responded before Lestrade could even properly begin his sentence. "I don't give a damn about the princess or that idiot wizard. I'm busy."
The greenhouse was filled with more plant varieties than John had ever seen in his life, from large trees to tiny flowers. John admired the medicinal herbs he had only ever read about as they passed them and envied the palace healers.
Sherlock opened his mouth to argue, but Dr. Azarian beat him to it.
“John,” Dr. Banerjee began.
John’s head shot up, fear clear in his expression.
"This is for trying to take what is mine," she whispered before leaning forward and placing kiss on his forehead.
Sherlock was glaring at him now, visibly angry. "Because of you, John! Because you're here!"
“Quite simple,” Sherlock said airily. “Any idiot could…”
“Fine,” John said tightly.
"I was working on the spell you gave me," John stepped back, becoming concerned at the intense look Sherlock was giving him.
"Right, yeah," John murmured as he stared off into the distance at a slowly moving black smudge on the horizon.
“Oh,” Lestrade said. “Well… I don’t know Sherlock.”
"He's alive," he said, though his tone was anything but happy. It dripped with 'but' and it made Sherlock's spine tingle. But Lestrade didn't give Sherlock a chance to ask what it meant. He strode off without another word, barking orders at everybody in his path.
“Oh,” Molly breathed. “Is he okay?”
"Er, no," John said, reaching out to take the chart the doctor was now handing him.
“Don’t have to,” The voice said. “It’s right here.”
"Complications?" John prompted, not sure he wanted Sherlock to continue.
"No."
Sherlock stared down at John in his arms. His face had landed close to Sherlock’s. John stared back up at him. They stayed like that for a long moment before John cleared his throat and Sherlock, broken from his revere, helped push John back to standing.
Before he can reply, the sounds of sirens and cars screeching to a halt somewhere outside interrupt him. The cavalry is here. Just after the nick of time, as per usual.
“Well, I wouldn’t say that I…” John began.
As he rounded a corner and caught sight of John running into the flats, Sherlock’s body froze and his breath caught. His mind, racing to catch up with his physical state, registered the signs that had caused his body to react.
Sherlock’s blood ran cold.
He watched Sherlock quickly move around the bed and leave the room. He felt a twinge of guilt, but he was glad to see him go. He needed a moment to himself. He needed to process without Sherlock, or anybody else, nearby to watch him untangle the knot of confusion and tension and conflict he felt he had become.
When they got back to the room, John collapsed on the bed with a small groan. Sherlock smiled at him, though John wasn’t looking his way. Always surprising him, this man. Always so brave and strong.
John walked back into the clinic he had left, it seemed, a lifetime ago for the first time since the Witch had cursed him. He immediately felt claustrophobic and weak, wondering why he had wondered back here, of all places. He realized then that he simply had nowhere else to go.
"Come on," he said after a moment. "We're going home."
Sherlock’s brain somehow went offline and began working in overtime at the same time.
The days following John's awakening had been filled with tension. Sherlock, fearful of saying or doing something to upset John, had tried his best to remain quiet. This tactic, however, had proven ineffective. John seemed to grow more irritated with him by the day, regardless of his efforts at tact.
“John please,” he begged softly. “I’m uninjured. I can take this one. You have too many injuries already. Please.”
"Have you had the chance to look at your chart yet, Dr. Watson?" he asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Can I help you with anything else?" Richard looked hopeful.
“Interesting,” he said.
Sebastian’s hand moved down to John’s crotch above his pants. He was stroking. John had frozen, not moving a muscle. His face had gone blank, and his eyes were distant.
Lestrade sighed. "Sherlock, please!"
Sherlock shot him a look. "I'm collecting data."
“Bullshit,” John said dismissively. “Either include me of I’ll find a way to follow along on my own. You know which method is messier.”
“John is out of surgery,” he said, removing his glasses. “I’m going to be straightforward with you here, I don’t have very good news.”
Sherlock was happy to let her believe that it was only the events at the Graves that were causing John’s problems. He nodded.
“Are you ready John?” Moriarty asked sweetly.
"I'm doing it Sherlock," John said, giving up on untangling the confusion of his thoughts.
Sherlock stopped and strained to see John, but the paramedic sternly moved him toward the waiting ambulance.
John and his sister Harry certainly did not challenge this fact. They came from a long line of mediocrity and failure and were both on their way to continuing the family tradition. Although their mother died when they were both quite young, their father never remarried, leaving them without even a stepmother.
in his mouth
Finally, as he slumps back down on his arms, John chokes out one word.
Lestrade glanced over at the hole as well, his expression dark.
"There are several components to a powerful magical spell," Sherlock began, falling into a didactic mode that made John grin. "Simpler spells are simply a combination of everyday ingredients in the right order and proportion, much like your healing remedies."
“That’s impossible,” Sherlock yelled. “How can you expect him to put weight on a compound fracture. There’s no way!”
He could hear Sherlock a few meters behind him, but he didn't slow down to wait for him. There was no time for that. There was a suspect to catch and he wasn't far now.
"Hmmm," John thought carefully.
Over the next two weeks Sherlock continued to sleep in his bed with John, but they did not attempt anything sexual again. John started exhibiting worrying symptoms. He wasn’t sleeping, was having nightmares whenever he did, wasn’t eating, had become jumpy and hypervigilant, irritable and agitated, and had started drinking more than was usual for him.
"Thank you," John murmured.
As the days wore on, John began entertaining himself by making extra notes in his healer's journal. When making remedies for certain patients, he began adding notes, such as "Mr. Anderson's remedy to dry up the sinuses. However, as it is to be given to Mr. Anderson, it might as well provide a bit of wit. The man's a blubbering idiot" or "Mrs. Turner's herbal soothers, which must also work to keep her from gossiping or I'll never get any work done. Perhaps she needs some nice lodgers to keep her busy, though I certainly feel sorry for their ears!"
"4, 3, 2, 1” the voice said.
"A live scarecrow?" Sherlock asked, sounding more than a little skeptical.
Sherlock smiled at John, whose face had more color and whose expression was much more lively than it had been in weeks.
"Look, sorry for all this," John said, gesturing to the chains containing her, "but you have been killing people. It isn't like we could just let you continue to let you do it."
"Yes," John glanced back at the image, now seeing the details as his shock began to ebb.
Sherlock smiled a bit at that though and John returned the grin.
John glanced around again, confused. "Cases? What kind of cases?"
"I have no idea."
“Of course,” Lestrade said. “Wouldn’t want you to have to take a taxi home from the hospital.”
“The plan?” the voice echoed through the mine, making it hard to determine its exact location.
"No," Sherlock answered the question he knew Dr. Azarian was asking. "I had to move his leg. If it were nerve damage in only one area, he still would have reacted to the entire leg moving. He didn't react. Not at all."
"Like I said," John was getting more nervous now, "I was working on the spell."
He moved to the back room, where he used to spend his time making remedies and notes, and found a folded piece of paper on his desk, just as he had the day he met Sherlock for the first time in the town's main street.
Beneath him, John was jerking and convulsing. Sherlock needed to work quickly. John was going into shock now, which could very well kill him. He was amazed he hadn’t been in shock before now, but then he realized he must have been and had just hidden it from him. Of course. Cold lips…
John had gone quiet. Clearly the reemergence of someone from such a traumatic time in John’s past was affecting him. Sherlock couldn’t imagine. He didn’t know what to say. What to do. He kept hold of John’s hand.
“Uh, uh, uh,” the voice admonished. “No helping. John needs to choose on his own. He’s a big boy.”
Sherlock pulled two tickets out of his pocket. John inspected them.
He examined the items on the only vaguely clean table in the room. There were several clear containers of various shapes and sizes, some of which contained liquids or powders. There was also some kind of machine that looked like a very small telescope, but pointed downward.
“He’s in the best hands possible,” the man said kindly. “You have to leave him to us now. You did an excellent job, but now it’s our turn.”
“And now I had to consider the motive of this singular crime. To get at this I endeavoured first of all to solve the reason of the original burglary at Mr Acton's. Colonel Hayter, you explained to me that a feud had been active between the two families. Of course, it instantly occurred to me that the Cunningham’s had broken into the Acton’s library with the intention of getting at some document which might be of importance in the feud.”
“I don’t know how that’s going to happen,” John rasped. “There’s no way I can move. But you can. Get out of here. Get help. I’ll be fine.”
Mike laughed softly, "afraid not. I don't know of anybody who has a chance of catching her except that Wizard Holmes fellow."
“Yes,” John said finally, resisting the urge to lean his cheek into Sherlock’s. An urge that surprised him thoroughly.
“5, 4, 3… Better hurry.”
Moriarty moved to Sherlock and placed something on his lapel. A mic of his own.
It takes only a moment before a figure emerges from a door to the side of the bed.
"I'm looking for a Harriet Watson," he said, looking back up and staring pointedly at Sherlock.
They seemed to walk for an eternity and John wondered how far the tunnels when. They had climbed a good way down and had now made their way down several tunnels, turning here and there and, sometimes, passing what appeared to be chambers. He was beginning to think the tunnels must run under the entire city when they finally stopped, Sherlock putting out his other arm to stop John, who still held his other hand.
John sighed. He turned so that his head, still resting in Sherlock’s hand, was facing Sherlock.
"Nothing," Sherlock mumbled.
“An ally?” Sherlock questioned.
John moved to where Sherlock was pointing and looked through the magnifying lens. At first he saw nothing. But after a moment more of very careful examination, he found what had drawn Sherlock's attention.
“I’ll have to be bait,” Sherlock said without any preamble.
“I’m sorry,” John whispered.
"Well," Richard smiled shyly at him, "would you like to take the book with you?"
"Oh my poor dear," Mrs. Hudson cooed at him, "that's a nasty curse. Curses are hard."
He spent the rest of the day trying to control himself and decided, instead, to simply close up early and work on his remedies. Just as he was closing the clinic door, however, a woman dressed in an extravagant silk gown pushed her way in.
“On three,” Sherlock said, glancing at John’s pale face again.
They sat in companionable silence for several long minutes while John went over the information he had just learned in his head before his thoughts were finally interrupted by a knock at the door.
He never thought he would miss the frustrating, antagonizing noises of being in hospital. But as he lay in the muffled near-silence of his hospital bed, he missed it dearly.
On this particular day, Sherlock hasn’t chosen a case yet. Instead, they sat in the sitting room, each in their respective armchairs. Sherlock read the paper and John read some silly fiction book.
“Our killer,” Sherlock said, “he’s still here somewhere. And I don’t have cell signal. WE have to get you somewhere safe.”
John nodded tightly.
"Chipping Valley," Mrs. Hudson called.
Silently, John said, I’m sorry.
And he didn't want Sherlock to see that, on top of everything physically wrong with him, John was losing his grip on his mind again as well.
"That was amazing," John said with a curt nod.
They stared at one another for a long moment.
Sebastian smiled up at the camera and winked.
John didn’t argue. He could feel his consciousness beginning to slip away and he couldn’t afford that. He tightened his arm around Sherlock’s neck and leaned in, pressing his body against Sherlock’s.
"I've never seen her like this," he shot.
"Come on now," he mumbled to the sky. "Give me a shooting star. Let me be lucky, just this once."
Sherlock sighed, hoping that trust isn’t misplaced.
"Oh," he said, finally.
Suddenly John’s hand twitched. Sherlock jumped, relief flooding his body. He squeezed his hand gently. John’s hand twitched again.
“What do you mean?” Lestrade asked.
Your sister,
Sherlock was completely absorbed in his work. Every now and again he would ask for an evidence bag, container, or tool of some sort, but otherwise he remained completely silent. Lestrade followed behind him, careful not to get in his way, helping however he could.
“Advice?” Lestrade echoed. “Sherlock Holmes needs advice? From me?
Sherlock was speechless for a moment. He knew John trusted him, but he hadn’t realized how far that trust went. He should have known, but John constantly surprised him. It was one of the many things about John that Sherlock admired.
Sherlock nodded once.
John doubted whether Sherlock would care or notice, but he didn't say so. His name had reminded John that he was supposed to be working on the spell Sherlock had left for him. He glanced around the area near the fireplace and spotted a piece of paper laying on the ground.
John sighed.
“Why?” Sherlock heard himself and noted that he sounded like a petulant child.
Although he had recovered relatively quickly once he had gotten through the worst of it, John was still not in good shape. His shoulder and leg were still causing him problems. He had finally gotten the external fixation device removed from the leg in the last week, replaced by a cast. But the leg was still very tender and painful. His shoulder had healed enough from the infection to be closed, but his arm was still in a sling and, worryingly, he had reported no feeling in the arm.
Sherlock felt his heart beating faster, his breathing becoming more irregular, and his mind becoming clouded.
"What are we going to do about the curse?" John asked when Sherlock's pacing became too much for his nerves.
Since John had woken and realized the extent of his injuries, he had been distant and agitated. Sherlock didn't know how to face him. He didn't know what to say. What to do to make him feel better or more at ease. He had no skill for these kinds of situations, which seemed to require some kind of delicate tact that he simply did not possess.
"Amelia," she said.
John didn’t appear to respond for a long few seconds. Then, slowly, he moved. Struggling the entire way, John pulled himself up from the floor and back to the table. Hesitating just a second, he reached out to the second container. Sherlock watched as the clock ticked down to seconds.
"Yes," Sherlock said. "They were all isolated, just like our last victim. I expect they were chosen for that reason. Fewer people to notice their absence or to demand justice for their deaths. Our killer miscalculated on the last victim. Didn't expect the nephew to be interested in anything other than inheritance."
“Yes,” Colonel Hayter said, “a burglary with nothing of any import taken and the murder of the driver at another estate. Strange thing was, there was a note on the murder victim. Authorities can’t seem to make heads or tails of it.”
He was still furious at the nurse. She would never get near John again, of course. But that wasn't what preyed on his mind most.
“And that’s better than me carrying you?” Sherlock asked.
“This is your chance, Sherlock,” he says. “Sebastian probably won’t even hurt John. And then he’s all yours.”
Sherlock too was restless. He needed to be back on the streets. He needed to be locating Sebastian Moran. He needed revenge. But he couldn’t bring himself to leave John’s side.
“I was told…” Sherlock began.
John stared at him. He wasn't making any sense. Why would he want to be here. John didn't want to be here. Nobody wanted to be stuck in a hospital with a someone who couldn't even get out of bed and, now, would never be able to walk again.
“S’okay,” he slurred.
John nodded. Sherlock wound his arm around his waist and held him tight. John felt his heart speed up again as he felt a tug at the place where the arm was.
“Well, we can’t just sit here waiting for the killer to come for us,” John said.
Sherlock took a deep breath and began examining the room carefully through the screen.
"Nothing," she continued smiling at him. "I just want to spend time with your lovely sister. Do you have some kind of problem with that?"
"Where were you?" he asked again, suddenly.
Before John had realized how much time had passed, Sherlock straightened suddenly and turned to him.
John chuckled softly.
“Favor?” Sherlock sputtered. “That’s bullshit. It nearly killed him. It wasn’t even a game. It was just an excuse to torture him.”
“Oh, you know what I want,” the man said.
A falling star? Was it possible to catch a falling star? John wouldn't be surprised if it were, but how.
The voice laughed.
“I…” Sherlock began, but he didn’t get to finish his thought, because another voice interrupted.
"No!" Sherlock replied immediately. "Out of the question."
"You're a healer," he said, staring at John. "A war healer."
"I suppose so," he said with a slight grin.
Finally, the knife struck something hard. Sherlock released his breath. He had hit bone. John had told him that the bullet had likely hit bone and stopped, so this is where he was likely to find it.
Beside him, Sherlock feels John go stiff, then start shaking. He looks over to find John hunched over, trembling, and staring blankly in front of him. His breaths are short and shallow. Sherlock, fear flooding his system, takes John’s hand in his own. Elevated pulse.
but not rare
“I looked around the estate in hopes of finding it,” the inspector said, “but I found nothing.”
But if he didn’t say it, John would die. Sherlock would rather have John alive and done with him, than dead at his hand.
Sherlock opened his mouth, but John stared at him, resolute. He closed it again, frowning and looking petulant. They stared at one another for a long moment before Sherlock let out a sigh, turned on his heels, and stalked out of the room.
He felt sick to his stomache and the pounding in his head made it hard for him to concentrate on anything at all. John couldn't be dead. He couldn't! Bile began to rise in his throat and Sherlock's heart felt as though it were skipping beats.
“Alright Johnny,” the voice crooned. “Your turn.”
John stared blearily up at Sherlock, clearly not comprehending what was happening.
A movement near Sherlock caught John's attention, just on the periphery of his vision. Instinct took over and he lunged, knocking Sherlock to the ground just as a tall, thin man with peppery grey hair jumped forward. Looking up, John could see the man had a syringe in his hand.
Dr. Azarian, however, looked puzzled and glanced down at his folder again.
Six weeks pass. Sherlock ensured that he and John have a steady stream of cases, most rather simple, but some with a bit of legwork after John’s impressive performance at Reigate. John got better, little by little. He is too distracted to mope, he is eating again, he is so exhausted at the end of the day after a case that he actually sleeps, and even the nightmares have subsided.
“I’m sorry John,” he said softly, closing his eyes again.
Sherlock led John through each of his sense. Five things he could see, four he could feel, three he could hear, two he could smell, and one he could taste (you, John said, making Sherlock smile a little).
“I haven’t done anything, John,” he said softly.
Dimmock simply looked at him for a long moment.
"I never left," Amelia said.
“I know,” Sherlock said.
He gave Lestrade a description of exactly where he and John would be in the tunnels and hung up the phone.
“Thank you,” he said softly.
"Well, it will take a bit of time," Mrs. Hudson said. "And, of course, it won't be free."
He felt a gentle touch on his arm and jumped, startled out of his thoughts.
“No!” Sherlock shouted immediately. “Just, let me help him at least.”
He began by simply gathering the trash, which was piled in corners around small waste bins. He needed both hands, so he limped around without his cane, making slow progress. Once it was all together and in bag, he moved to the door to take it out, but paused, uncertain where he would come out if he opened it.
John thought back to Amelia's expression. He knew Sherlock was right -- they were talking about a vampire, after all. It would be foolish to take her at her word. And yet, every time he saw her expression when she talked about her lover, he couldn't help but believe her.
When he finally gains enough coherence to talk, Sherlock is waiting.
"London," Sherlock responded.
"They're fine," John said, hoping the doctor wouldn't get caught up on small talk.
Sherlock understood. Of course he would. Anybody would after that experience.
"Hi Sherlock," the man standing in the doorway was dressed in a suit and had pepper grey hair and a face lined with worry.
“I know,” Sherlock said softly. “I’m sorry, but you have to wake up now.”
Silence.
“Good,” he said. “John, what do you remember about where you were carried? Were there stairs? How long did you walk? Which direction?”
Dr. Azarian grinned.
"I'm a healer and you're in the wrong place," he said sourly.
He barely made it into the house and to his chair before he collapsed, feeling deeply shaken and exhausted. Vaguely, he could hear Sherlock bustling around him, then whispering something to Mrs. Hudson, but he didn't have the energy to make out what he was saying.
“John,” Sherlock breathed.
“Simple,” Moriarty said. “We’re going to solve a few little puzzles, that’s all. Each puzzle is a test. You and John will take turns. If either of you fail, there will be… consequences. However, should you succeed, you will be one step closer to freedom.”
“You really are an idiot,” Sherlock groaned, but John continued staring.
Sherlock silently thought that it wasn’t luck at all. Sebastian was an expert shot. He knew exactly what he was doing.
“I’m coming for you too,” he said, his voice dangerous.
He heard a small laugh, but he couldn’t have cared less.
He pushed himself to his feet and began pacing the small, nondescript room, hoping the frantic movement would ease his frantic thoughts. As he walked, he focused on breathing steadily and
"A... a what?" Sherlock was staring at John in apparent amazement.
“Yes,” Sherlock prompted.
“Sometimes the most obvious solution is the hardest to detect,” Mycroft said. “Brother, you know what this means, do you not? You and John must be extremely careful from now on. With Sebastian Moran and Jim Moriarty teamed up, there is no doubt that both you and John are still in grave danger.”
Suddenly, John was curled up in a ball, his eyes still vacant and distant. He was sweating and shaking.
"John! John! It's me. It's Sherlock. John!"
"John," Sherlock looked like he was forcing himself to maintain eye contact as he spoke, "how does your leg feel?"
He nodded brusquely and followed her to yet another uncomfortable, plastic chair. She sat next to him, but didn't speak. She simply waited, watching him as he collected his jumbled thoughts and tried to reign in his frustration.
"This isn't about that," the man -- Lestrade -- said with a slight sigh. "I've got a case I need some help with."
Sherlock moved to the bed and quickly began releasing John’s restraints.
John stared at the paper for a long time, gripping his cane tightly. He glanced around at the clinic again, his father's legacy collecting dust. Then he pocketed the letter and left.
“Sure,” Alec said, looking a bit confused.
“Good choice John,” Moriarty says happily. “Now, let’s have a little fun. Sherlock, your turn.”
“If you examine this scrap with attention you will come to the conclusion that the man with the stronger hand wrote all his words first, leaving blanks for the other to fill up. These blanks were not always sufficient, and you can see that the second man had a squeeze to fit his ‘quarter’ in between the ‘at’ and the ‘to’, showing that the latter were already written. The man who wrote all his words first is undoubtedly the man who planned this affair.'
“They had photos,” Sherlock finished, just above a whisper.
Sherlock was out of his depth. This would require something he absolutely hated. Asking for help.
Suddenly that niggling worry became all consuming.
John hadn't even known he had moved. He had been so captivated by the story and the stranger who told it. His pale, angular face surrounded by those dark curls. And his eyes--so intense and such a captivating color.
“And the shoulder?” the voice continued.
“I know,” Sherlock said impatiently.
As the days passed with no new cases, however, Sherlock became more and more restless. John could hardly get a word out of him and he did nothing but tend to his experiments and sulk.
John paused for a moment, clearly calculating his next move.
“Now,” Sherlock said, “I don’t know how much you know about deduction based solely on handwriting, but it is quite an interesting field which I have studied extensively. You may not be aware that the deduction of a man's age from his writing is one which has been brought to considerable accuracy by experts. In normal cases one can place a man in his true decade with tolerable confidence. I say normal cases, because ill-health and physical weakness reproduce the signs of old age, even when the invalid is a youth. In this case, looking at the bold, strong hand of the one, and the rather broken-backed appearance of the other, which still retains its legibility, although the t's have begun to lose their crossings, we can say that the one was a young man, and the other was advanced in years without being positively decrepit.”
John licked his lips, staring hard at the ground between them.
“I’m looking for a Harriet Watson,” the man said, his voice flat, almost bored.
Sherlock ran a hand through his disheveled hair, cursing the lack of shower accommodations in the middle of the forest. He hated camping. It was dirty (something he didn’t much mind, if it served a purpose), unpredictable, and uncomfortable. As much as he hated to admit it, he highly valued a comfortable bed and, of course, a shower.
“There was another incident,” Lestrade said.
John blinked. His throat had gone dry. He was staring, wide-eyed at Dr. Azarian.
"She hasn't been invited," Sherlock said with a grin.
Sherlock nodded, still looking tense.
"Er...," the young man said. "Sir. There's been another one."
"John," Dr. Azarian moved to the end of the bed, "how are the hearing aids working?"
“Yes, Sherlock,” Moriarty said beside him. “I’m quite sure it will all be okay. It is perfectly possible for both of you to win this game and walk away. Of course, he is wrong about one thing. It is your fault.”
The thing in the center of the circle was nothing like what John had expected of a ghost. He had thought they were transparent and ethereal. This was neither.
Lestrade hesitated.
Slowly and carefully, John cracked his eyelids, thankful that whoever had sedated him had at least had the courtesy to give him more pain medication as well. After his eyes adjusted to the light, he was met with the same industrially plain hospital wall.
John raised an eyebrow.
John ignored him.
"And you expect me to just take your word, do you?" he said finally.
“Didn’t Mycroft ever take you as a kid?” He asked, clearly knowing how the mention of his brother would annoy him.
“There was a comminuted fracture,” he continued. “Part of the bone was shattered. There was muscle damage. Nerve damage.”
John fought harder against the fog and succeeded in opening a bleary eye. Sherlock was standing over him. He grinned slightly when John looked at him, so he forced his other eye open as well.
They had been sitting in the booth at Angelo’s for an hour, talking about cases Sherlock had solved before he med John. John actually seemed interested and focused—a first since the tunnels. And Sherlock was more than happy to talk about his old cases, especially with John, who truly appreciated his intelligence.
John just stared.
"Yes," he said before John looked down, "I suppose you have been rather occupied. But you are a doctor, so I see no reason why you shouldn't look at over the information yourself, particularly considering you had so little say in the decisions we had to make to this point."
Sherlock was staring at John. He had his eyes closed and his head leaned back against the wall, but he appeared to be conscious. He was surprised. He had been sure that standing on that leg would make anybody pass out. But apparently not John Watson.
“It’s likely they will anyway,” Sherlock said. “Us being trapped together in a mine shaft for hours. Who knows what we could have gotten up to.”
John watched him warily, feeling his body shaking beneath him and his thoughts becoming more and more distant, until they smelled of dirt and sun and sounded like distant gunfire and explosions and reverberated with heat and noise.
“Yes,” he said softly. “I knew you would be discrete and you are more knowledgeable about... emotions. I thought you might have an idea about what I might try.”
and he frowned.
No. NO! He wasn’t going to let this happen. They were going to get out of this. John would be okay. Just like a hundred other times they’d escaped near death.
Sherlock felt his own breath catch in his chest. John’s entire face was turning a bluish tint now.
“The next few years were… difficult,” John continued. “I didn’t dare mess around with any more boys. But my father… he’d got it in his head that he had to beat that out of me. And he tried… often. That’s why I joined the army when I was 18. I needed to get out.”
Unsurprisingly, John remained limp in Sherlock’s arms.
“That would be very ambitious,” Sherlock threatened.
The inspector thought a moment.
"Fine then," John said, his tone nonchalant. "I suppose I could just leave then. Or perhaps I should tell Wizard Holmes about our deal?"
“Time to go,” Sherlock said.
"I thought as much," he said simply.
He had already managed to upset John somehow, though he had no idea what he'd done. What good would barging back in now do? Clearly John did not want him there.
He heard Molly pull a chair close beside him and settle into it softly.
“People will talk,” John mumbled.
“You’ve gotten what you want,” he said, bitterly.
“Oh,” Molly said, surprise evident in her voice.
"I've hardly made any progress at all!" he groaned. "At this rate it will take a wizard for me to catch the Witch."
Sherlock simply nodded.
“Nothing,” Sherlock said. “Lestrade, I need you to go back to the hospital. John should be out of surgery soon. Somebody needs to check on him.”
"Yes, good," Sherlock had moved to examining the man's clothing, which Molly had laid out next to him, upon request from Sherlock.
"Sherlock, please," Sherlock had moved into the room and was flitting about the boxes and papers.
John thought he must have still been half asleep because he saw Sherlock's mouth move, but no words came out. He frowned up at Sherlock, confused. He thought he saw a troubled expression cross Sherlock's face, but then it was gone. Sherlock moved closer.
“John, please,” Sherlock said softly, his hand gently pressed to the side of John’s head.
Sherlock sank into his chair, the strength leaving his legs as the doctor's last words registered. He saw John glance over at him and tried to school his expression, but knew he had failed. He could feel the panic rising in his chest. He needed data.
"It won't last," Sherlock said. "It will be out of your system completely in a day or so."
"There haven't been vampires in Ingary since the war of Sarcarite, over 500 years ago," Sherlock mumbled.
where holy women
"What are we doing?" John asked as Sherlock flitted around the room, moving books and boxes.
“Now that is a good question,” Mycroft said.
"Sorry Mrs. Hudson," he said, glancing at the fire. "Sherlock..."
Sherlock took his shirt and placed the pieces just above and below the break. Again, he silently apologized, then he moved the wood as little as possible, sliding the shirt and scarf underneath, then quickly tying them as tightly as he could manage.
The memories came flooding back. A shot, loud and reverberating. Sherlock on the ladder. Another shot. He had to stop him. Had to save Sherlock. Had to…
"What are you doing?" Sherlock asked.
John blinked, trying to collect himself. Then he followed as quickly as he could, not wanting to be left behind in the strange city. Sherlock was waving at the street as some of the large machines passed by, like carriages, but without horses and much faster. After a moment, one of the machines stopped and Sherlock opened the door, beckoning for John to enter.
“Ah,” John nodded. “So, we find him first, then go to the mines and find the stolen artifacts.”
"John!" Harry said, still more shocked. "Couldn't you find a less dangerous boyfriend?"
What preyed most on his mind was John's complete lack of reaction when he moved his leg.
“Great,” Sherlock shot sarcastically back.
“He won’t go,” Sherlock said.
John raised an eyebrow and nodded curtly. The last thing he wanted was to encounter that thing again.
“I believe our perpetrator is living somewhere in this forest and hiding his treasures in the mine,” Sherlock said. “If we go straight for the mine, we’ll alert him and we might never find him.”
The man grinned and looked back out to the street, where the shadows had collected again.
Sherlock closed his eyes. More pain. Perfect. But he will walk. That’s enough.
of Dr. Azarian, who had prevented him from being barred from the hospital entirely after he had found the nurse who had grabbed John's arm and berated her so thoroughly that she was in hysterical tears in the middle of the hallway. But after fifteen minutes of brisk pacing and "fresh air," he was no less angry than he had been.
She stopped, looking him up and down.
"Oh yes," the man said. "Right this way."
Taking a breath, Sherlock turned to John again. His John. So strong, but put through so much. Too much, it seemed. It was over. There was nothing he could do. He hadn’t been able to save him. He had failed.
cause him to have a panic attack. He didn't react to moving his leg, but he reacted when I only touched his injured arm."
Sherlock lifted his hands so that John could clearly see them and stood as still as he could manage. He tried very hard not to let his anger at the nurse or his fear show as he began trying to talk John down.
BANG!
A gun cocked in the distance. Sherlock decided the assassin could screw himself. He wasn’t going to move. If he wanted to shoot, he would have to shoot through Sherlock. Sherlock was okay with that.
Sherlock was looking slightly more interested now.
“If he doesn’t get you first,” John mutters.
"Is there anything else?" John prompted.
John is silent a long moment.
“It would be much easier if you just used a wheelchair,” Sherlock said for what must have been the 20
“Then I suppose this would interest you,” Colonel Hayter said. “Quite an odd case, actually. Or cases. Nobody’s at all certain they are connected. But we have so little crime here, it just seems outrageous that two such crimes would be committed so close to one another in both space and time.
“Almost done,” Sherlock murmured.
"Oh," Sherlock mouthed before bouncing out of sight and back into sight a moment later with a glass of water and a straw and mouthing, "Here."
“Hurry John,” Sherlock moved to John’s chair and began helping him up. “We don’t have much time.”
“A few more days is what you’ve been saying for a week,” John said. “I’m a doctor. I know what I am capable of. I just walked down the hall on my own. I can manage the rest of my recovery at home.”
"John hasn't realized," Sherlock explained. "I... I should be the one who tells him. Give me a bit of time after he wakes to prepare him."
"I should have known," he said to the scarecrow. "Well, if I were meant for good fortune, I suppose you would come to life and help me find the Witch of the Wastes. Or at least help me find a proper cane. Ah well. At least you aren't stuck now."
"Well," Sherlock continued, "who in this city had the those exact means?"
John nodded against his neck, just enough for him to feel it.
Sherlock remained silent and moved to the right side of his bed. His face was a mask of neutrality, but John could read the tension in his body. John wanted to apologize for what he'd said, or how it had come out, but he didn't know what to say.
"What's wrong?"
“No,” Sherlock said, appreciating that they were apparently going to get right to the point. “That’s actually why I’m here.”
“I can’t,” he said. “There’s no way I can do it without causing extensive damage. We don’t have the right equipment. This certainly isn’t sanitary conditions. I don’t have an x-ray to know exactly where it is. I can’t.”
Sherlock ran through the effects of nerve agents in his mind. It was difficult to know for sure without knowing which agent it was, but Sarin was the most likely, so he stuck with those effects. Sarin is deadly and the symptoms come on quickly. Runny nose, watery eyes, small pinpoint pupils, eye pain, blurred vision, drooling and excessive sweating, cough, chest tightness, rapid breathing, stomach upset, confusion, drowsiness, weakness, headache, slow or fast heart rate, low or high blood pressure, muscle twitching, loss of consciousness, convulsions, paralysis, respiratory failure leading to death.
John didn’t move. He didn’t even sway. Sherlock was more than impressed. He was dumbfounded.
“No John,” he said softly, “it’s okay.”
“Are you okay?” she asked.
“Shit,” he said, trying again.
A gun cocked.
"What can it hurt to just let us have a look?" John asked. "It isn't like we're going to disturb evidence. You said yourself that your examiners have already taken their look."
Sherlock grasped John’s hand firmly.
John was still staring at him, his face still unreadable. Sherlock tried to keep his face neutral.
"What was that?" John asked, leaning in.
"Sir," he said in a sigh, "I don't know who you are or your relationship to Dr. Watson, but it is imperative that we get into contact with his next-of-kin within the next thirty minutes or we will be forced to make a life-changing medical decision without any input from him or his family."
"So the king has lost more of his family members," Sherlock growled. "Perhaps he needs better security."
"Yeah," John said just as another small explosion sounded from the kitchen. "I'll go get him. Come in."
"That's not even a thing," Dimmock growled.
“John,” Sherlock said softly into the microphone, “I’m so sorry.”
"Oh, no worries dear," Mrs. Hudson cooed. "I understand. Why don't you make yourself a cup of tea."
The camera cut to the new room and Sherlock saw what had made John pause. The new room was long and narrow. Just like the others, it had one door at each end. At the far end, dangling in front of the exit were three syringes on strings. That didn’t bode well. But between John and the syringes, the floor was covered in broken glass. John had no shoes.
"Notice what?" John was becoming impatient, but before Sherlock could answer, the carriage stopped outside of the palace and Sherlock jumped out.
John stirs slightly in response to Sherlock’s voice, but he doesn’t answer, and his eyes are still shut tight.
"So why change now?" John asked.
"That is the question," Sherlock closed his eyes.
He let out a long breath, rubbing his mouth.
“What happens if I say no?” Sherlock asks.
"Who is he targeting?" Lestrade asked.
“Saved my life?” Colonel Hayter finished. “Yes, it is.”
Sherlock looked up at him for the first time since he entered. John pulled up a chair for Lestrade and settled back into his own chair, feeling the exhaustion through all his limbs. Sherlock glanced over at him, then back at Lestrade.
“There’s nothing more the hospital can do for me at this point,” John argued. “I’ll do better at home. I’ll be careful to monitor my symptoms and come back if anything goes awry.”
Sherlock’s heard nearly stopped. The whole time it was that bastard? That’s why he knew John’s story. He had been the one… The whole time he tortured John and made him relive that story… He had been so close. John was right. It did make sense. Sebastian would have been furious if he’d found out that John had gotten him discharged and he had clearly always been a monster.
"What does that mean?" John asked.
“John?” Sherlock murmured.
John rolled his eyes, though he had to admit he felt some fellow feeling for the damaged thing.
“He was the only one who was nice to me,” Sherlock continued. “Not that I cared. Idiots, all of them. But Victor was… he was strong and smart and handsome.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “The murder is just a happy coincidence.”
Sherlock moved slowly, keeping his hands where John could see them.
"What the...?" John jumped to his feet.
Sherlock turned a murderous glare toward Moriarty.
He wobbled, lost balance, and fell back to the chair almost immediately. On the way down, the barbed wire near the chair caught his arms and by the time he landed, plumes of blood were forming on both the sleeves of his shirt.
"Oh," Harry eyed him suspiciously. "So he's just a random wizard that you met and decided to live with for no reason."
John and Sherlock were sitting next to one another in the window booth of Angelo’s restaurant. The scene was very familiar. It had been the first place they had ever gone to eat together on their first case. Sherlock had taken him there to “cure” his bad leg. That wouldn’t be happening this time.
"I'm not joking," Sherlock raised an eyebrow at the man.
Then he quickly lifted John’s leg—a hand just before and just after the break—and moved the plank underneath it with his knee.
Sherlock didn’t bother answering.
Sherlock took a deep breath. He was shaking with rage and grief. Tears still fell steadily down his cheeks. It took him a moment to find his voice again.
John was escorted roughly out of the room. Sherlock watched him go, silently pleading that he wasn’t heading for anything terrible and knowing full well he was. Alarmingly, after the men crated John away, Sebastian Moran smiled directly at Sherlock, then slipped out of the room himself.
"Start from the beginning," Sherlock said as soon as the young man was seated. "And don't be boring."
"I know," Sherlock said again.
John blinked. "What? No! Of course not!"
“I…” he said softly, “I see you.”
“Sherlock?” John asked.
“But you’ll let him shoot you?” Sherlock argued. “Are you suicidal?”
John turned, but didn’t seem to understand. He was already inside the building, framed in the doorway, the ghostly light from the alley making him look ethereal.
"Thank you!" she huffed.
"You have a dog?" John stared at the thing as it wagged its tail in her lap. "I thought you hated dogs!"
"Then how, exactly, does anybody eat around here?" John sighed.
John obeyed, finding the task more difficult than it should rightfully have been. Sherlock was looking over his shoulder, saying something that John couldn't make out.
But, on the other hand, they were unlikely to get this chance again. They needed to talk. To make a plan. He needed to check on John’s injuries.
“Well, it isn’t a lot to go off of,” Lestrade whispered back.
“It was Major Sholto,” John says, astonishment clear in his voice. “I never hear from him. He’s more of a recluse than you. Hardly ever talks to anyone.”
"What's wrong?" she asked, apprehension apparent in her voice.
Dr. Azarian looked uncomfortable. "Well, in essence, yes."
Sherlock let out the breath he had been holding. He had anticipated this, but hearing it from John’s doctor…
“Very good,” Scarecrow said. “Very good.”
“John suffered a broken ilium,” the doctor continued. “There was severe nerve damage and substantial blood loss. It is too early to tell, but John is at risk of infection in the area. We’ll be monitoring that closely.”
"You have questions," Sherlock said.
"Framed?" John raised an eyebrow.
Dr. Azarian frowned at him, his expression turning sour.
Sherlock moved uncomfortably.
"What happened?" Sherlock glared at the low fire and then at John. "What did you do to her?"
"Where else?" Sherlock reached a hand into the hole and tugged out a rope ladder, which had apparently been dangling just to the side of the hole.
“John no!” Sherlock shouted as John moved onto the ladder.
Sherlock glanced up at Molly's clearly horrified face. She had visited John in the long days before he had regained consciousness. He had looked dreadful and she had not hidden her distress at seeing him in such a state. Sherlock was glad he had unintentionally wandered into the morgue. Her naked distress would undoubtedly have annoyed or even infuriated John, but it anchored him. Made him feel less alone in his own distress. Helped him gather his stray thoughts.
"No," Sherlock said, "but I don't disbelieve her either. I need more data."
John was walking toward the side of the room where the body was found when he realized Sherlock was not beside him. He turned back to find Sherlock standing by the door, looking out. Amelia was on the other side, looking annoyed.
“Sherlock…” John said firmly, but then stopped short.
Sherlock sighed.
“All in good time, my dear,” Moriarty said, smiling. “But first, you’ve got to get yourself out of here. And to do that, you’ve got to finish the game. Good news though. This is the last round. And, because I’m a fair man, I’ll allow John to skip his turn since he’s feeling a bit… indisposed.”
“Oh, excellent plan,” the voice said. “Save the truths for the end. Give Dr. Watson a break just at the end of the game. Very smart. But remember, you still have one dare left, Sherlock.”
“No stairs,” he whispers finally, painfully. “Maybe five minutes. West, I think.”
John let his head fall into his hand.
“No?” Sherlock asked, pausing.
"Telling him would ruin everything," Sherlock said softly.
"I need time," he said dismissively.
"I'm afraid you have a difficult decision to make and very little time in which to make it."
“If you sit down,” he said, “I will call the station and try to get that information for you now.”
"Poison?" John asked.
“Don’t listen John,” Sherlock said through gritted teeth.
He moved into John's line of sight, blocking the doorway and the nurse from view.
He grunted and stumbled backward. John pushed his cane out, catching the man's leg and bringing him crashing down to the ground. Sherlock was up in a flash and on top of the man, his knee pressed firmly into the man's chest and his hand gripping the hand holding the syringe.
When the door opened, John heard Sherlock’s soft, "oh," and leaned over to see exactly what he had expected. The scarecrow was back and trying again, just as persistently, to make its way into the castle.
And then chaos broke loose. Time seemed to slow. Sherlock, whose vision was blocked by the half-closed door, heard several things at once: the nurse squealing in what sounded like surprise; a loud crash that sounded like the medical cart being knocked aside; the bed creaking and sheets shifting; a strangled groan from John.
"I'm afraid you haven't any," she said and he thought there might have been actual sympathy in her voice, though he was no judge in the best of times. "Dr. Watson needs surgery one way or the other immediately. The surgeons are quite impatient to get started. His risks for complications are increasing by the moment, I'm afraid. The longer you wait, the higher the risk becomes."
“Alright Dr. Watson,” the voice said. “Your turn again.”
“Moriarty?” John was sitting straight up in his chair. “He’s behind this?”
“I see you’d rather not,” Moriarty continues, ignoring Sherlock. “Then let me give you some incentive. If you decide not to get on the bed willingly, I will shoot Sherlock. Not fatally, but it will hurt.”
“That’s good, Sherlock,” Moriarty tells him. “Exactly as I would have chosen. The other option is much better for everyone involved anyway. And quite harmless. All John has to do is lie that and nobody gets hurt.”
“Not yet,” he says softly. “But we’re working on it.”
He stopped and took stock of his surroundings. His senses were overwhelmed by the various stimuli of the forest. He was used to the city. London had its own flora—one that Sherlock knew as his second nature. This forest, however, with its smells and noises and shadows and never-ending damn foliage was distracting.
John and Sherlock stood before the stairs, which seemed somehow taller and more daunting than they ever had before.
"There's no time," he said.
“Just a graze,” he managed to say as Sherlock bent down to examine him.
"I'll just need to find a sturdy stick along the way," he murmured to himself, trying to break the oppressive silence.
Sherlock calculated. There were several possibilities, each of which more ridiculous than the last. One, however, stood out as not only practical, but immediately possible. John wasn’t going to like it though.
Sherlock waits, not allowing himself to get his hopes up.
Sherlock mumbled something that John could not hear, not even bothering to raise his head.
“Oh dear,” the voice said, “things are not looking good for Dr. Watson. Too bad.”
“The note, of course,” Sherlock explained.
Sherlock growled. He might as well shoot John. At least then John’s blood wouldn’t be on his hands. If he choked John… He couldn’t kill John with his own hands. He couldn’t.
“You’ve given us a vague description of a former soldier and a voice,” Lestrade countered.
He felt utterly felt lost.
“But?” Sherlock prompted testily.
"It seems likely that the victims each found out about the curare plant the gardener is hiding," Sherlock said.
"So, how do I break your contract?" John asked.
And then, as he gazed at the bedside table, he realized something that made his breath catch. As was standard with any hospitalization, he was hooked up to an impressive array of medical equipment, all of which was turned on, fully functioning, and, he assumed, making
He stepped forward slowly, as though any sudden movement might wake him. Cautiously, Sherlock placed his hand on John’s good hand. He was clammy, but warm to the touch. He held the hand gently, staring at his… friend? Partner? What were they now?  It didn’t really matter, he supposed. Especially if John didn’t…
He gently placed John’s head against his stomach, moving so that his bent lets began pushing John’s torso upward. John groaned softly, but didn’t stop him. After what seemed like an eternity, John was sitting upright, propped against Sherlock’s chest, rasping and trying not to get sick.
Just as he broke the surface, taking a deep, gasping breath, he felt something take hold of his foot and pull him down. He kicked out, but whatever had hold of him was strong. He was pulled back underwater and felt panic rising in his chest as he felt something sting his leg and immediately felt his energy begin to drain out of his limbs.
“Fine,” John said, his face determined.
And there was the catch.
“It’s Sherlock. John’s in trouble. I need your help. Now!” Sherlock fought to keep his voice under control.
“Oh,” Moriarty continued, “and you should also know, there is a bomb rigged into the safe. If you input an incorrect combination, the safe will explode and kill John instantly.”
John's eye's widened and flew down to his leg. Sherlock's hand was resting, palm down and fingers splayed wide to cover as large an area as possible, on his right thigh. He felt the blood drain from his face. He looked silently back up at Sherlock.
He found Detective Lestrade on the other side of the door.
Sebastian frowned. Without another word, Sherlock turned to leave.
"She's somebody I met at the clinic once," he finished, not taking his eyes from the woman.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, his hand still shaking.
Molly's brows knitted in obvious confusion.
"Oh, how romantic," she cooed.
“Better hurry John,” Moriarty crooned.
(See the end of the chapter for
They slowly examined room after room of the house, Sherlock barely saying a word. John followed as best he could, his leg slowing him and causing him obvious pain. Finally, they reached the elder Mr. Cunningham’s room.
“Oh, I doubt that very much,” Sherlock turned his head to gaze at Sebastian. “We’ve made Moriarty a better offer. How much do you think you’re worth to him? Really? You forget. Moriarty doesn’t get attached to his pets.”
“I’m going with John,” he yelled over the noise.
“Arrest these men,” Sherlock barked at the inspector as he pushed himself up from the floor, “on suspicion of the murder of their driver, William Kirwan.”
The woman glared up at them from beneath the ropes. John moved to the man, who was lying still on the ground near the door. He checked for a pulse and was relieved to find the man was still alive.
"Just go!" John all but shouted.
“Truth,” Sherlock whispered, still not looking up at John.
"This is where the victims are murdered," Sherlock moved into the room, reaching into the bag he had brought and pulling out what looked like a pile of ropes in knots.
things, despite his best efforts to avoid sentiment. How John had limped into his life and change it--change
She glared at Sherlock.
"...lock. Sherlock!" Lestrade's voice intruded on his consciousness and he suddenly realized the DI's hand had been shaking his shoulder persistently for who-knows-how-long.
Never offer your heart
John’s eyes were blinking. Sherlock cupped his face.
"That's not his name," Sherlock grumbled as John opened the door.
“What fun would that be?” he asked.
John smiled back. “A bit of a success, yes.”
“Stop!” the voice echoed down the tunnel, jerking Sherlock out of his trance.
"That's me," he said after a moment, his voice level and flat.
“Oh yes he does,” the voice said gleefully.
“Yes, but those all happened in London,” John said. “We’re two hours from London, in the middle of a forest, off trail, after a three-hour hike.”
"Dr. Watson," he moved to the bed before speaking, turning so John could see him, "I'm your doctor. My name is Dr. Azarian. Did Sherlock tell you I was coming?"
“Indeed,” Sherlock said, squatting beside the tent to look for any evidence. He found nothing, so he moved in the direction John was still staring.
He shut his eyes again.
On the other side of the room, he found a door leading to what he assumed was probably a kitchen. He had to assume because it was just as chaotic and dirty as the other room. Sighing, he stumbled his way through the mess to what he believed was a cupboard and found, to his delight, actual food.
"You're welcome," John called after it.
Moriarty pauses for a moment, thinking.
Once he got the paper, he settled back in his chair and lay it on his lap to read. He was surprised when he began reading, however. The spell seemed nothing like the spells he had seen in the stack earlier. He assumed it must be because this spell was meant for beginners. Or perhaps Sherlock had given him a deliberately confusing spell, just to annoy him.
"Excuse me?" Dimmock narrowed his eyes at Sherlock.
“Okay Dr. Watson,” the voice said. “Same question I gave Sherlock then. How
Sherlock sighed, exasperated.
"No time," he said quickly and softly. "I'm being pursued and I'm afraid you've gotten caught up in it now. Where were you going?"
Sherlock gave Sebastian a look, danger clear in his expression. He didn’t like John’s name in Sebastian’s mouth, clearly. Sebastian smiled wider.
“The killer is after his last treasure,” Sherlock said softly. “His most valuable one yet.”
"I think this is it," Sherlock whispered.
“You mean,” he said finally, “after all I did to John, you’re just going to let me sit here?”
“Oh?” Sherlock was almost 2/3 the way down the ladder now. “And how do you expect to get back to London to do that?”
Sherlock shut his mouth again. John looked up to the camera, seeming to look straight at Sherlock. He nodded once and Sherlock sat back in his chair. He was going to have to trust John. He had no other choice.
Sherlock was waiting. He was dreadful at waiting.
"Okay," John said, frowning. "Wait, what?"
He had already obtained all the relevant data from the audiologist at John's previous consultation--the degree of John's hearing loss (moderate in his right ear and moderately severe in his left); whether the hearing loss was permanent (most likely, though some improvement might occur over time); and what intervention she proposed (hearing aids and learning sign language, which had earned her quite the glower from John). This consultation was merely to fit John for his hearing aids.
