They got back in the car and continued on to the nursing home, the little machine (that sounded suspiciously a lot like Jarvis) directing their every move. When they were told they were just down the street, Steve’s breathing hitched and his fingers tightened around the flower stems.
“God, this place is boring,” Tony continued, and pushed off the frame. He invited himself inside and kicked the door closed behind him. “I don’t know how you can stand it in here, really, I don’t. And where are the windows? Are they trying to drive you over the edge? You'd think after being stuck in a giant ice block in a sunken plane for nearly a decade, they'd at least get you a nice view of the dirty New York streets—”
“You referring to former Agent Carter.” Fury had a way of making everything he said a statement, questions included. This was no exception.
—if he hoped hard enough, they would still be alive. Obviously, his wishing had done nothing in the past except gotten him thrust into the future and all of his friends dead.
Steve turned to shake Clint’s hand, but he waved him off. “But you can call me ‘Sir’ if you like. Or ‘Master’, if that makes you feel comfortable.” He waggled his eyebrows.
Steve saw the phone, over all that Tony had already done, as a symbol of his first honest gesture towards him. He figured it was alright, now, if they classified as friends.
“Well,” Tony drew back, and pushed open one of the doors leading inside. “We all know who the favourite here is.”
“Are you okay?” Steve asked, finally closing the door behind him. They made their way to the reception desk, where he had to sign his name again. “I’m sorry I made you wait so long. We got to talking and time really flew by.”
When Peggy was finally able to look at him long enough without bursting into tears, he patted her back a few more times, and withdrew. His face was probably red and blotchy, but he couldn’t hold back the smile that broke across his face, which was hesitantly returned. He pulled a chair up so he could sit in front of her, and set the roses in her lap.
Tony’s face brightened and he picked the device up, doing a few things with his fingers on it before describing how exactly he was going about modifying the repulsors for the Iron Man suit, attempting to duplicate some fire weapon of Coulson’s, and building Steve a new set of punching bags (this time with a titanium center since the last ones hadn’t fared too well) simultaneously. Even though he didn’t understand about a third of the scientific terms Tony was using, he let himself think that, somehow, after Afghanistan, Tony had found a way to be happy again, just from surrounding himself with his work. It wasn’t quite the same as Steve’s situation, but it was a comfort nonetheless.
“It’s just, this has always been my dream job,” Coulson told him. He wasn’t slurring, but the gleam in his eyes and his unfiltered confessions told Steve he was more than, if not as drunk as Tony and Clint, who were across the room trying to see who could drink the most alcohol in an hour without becoming too intoxicated. So far, Thor seemed to be winning and he wasn’t even playing.
After Steve had detailed his hesitation over Peggy, and how it had only just occurred to him that since she was European, she might not be in America anymore, Coulson folded his hands.
“I believe that Ms. Potts is currently the CEO of Stark Enterprises,” the voice responded, its tone more than a little reproving.
They got into the car. Tony cracked his knuckles, said, “Okay, let’s blow this popsicle stand,” and started to put the key in the ignition. Steve stopped him.
Steve looked up. Tony Stark stood in the doorway to his room, a weird grin on his face. He looked official in the sharp suit he was wearing, similar to one he had been wearing when Steve had seen him last.
Tony’s Adam’s apple bobbed slightly as he swallowed. He made a weak attempt at rescuing his wrist from Steve’s grasp, gave up after a few seconds. “It’s not a problem, Rogers. It’s not like I get a chance to drive any of my babies for trips farther than the city outskirts. Unless Pepper’s angry because if Pepper’s angry, then that means Not So Good things for me, and in that case anything and anyplace is fair game--”
The pain of losing everything he knew in, literally, the blink of his eyes, was devastating. He missed the simplicity of “the old days”, even though he had been poor and scrawny. Things like watching movies or having an entire sandwich for lunch, things that were rare in his decade, were considered normal in this strange, new one. But he still wanted it back.
For almost a week, they just toured the New York sites. When Steve had finally gathered his courage after a few days, he asked if they could go to the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Tony had all but beamed and exclaimed, “Now we’re getting somewhere, Cap! I thought you’d never ask.”
“Don’t worry about it Rogers,” Tony turned to him, his head cocked to the left, and he didn’t seem mad about what had happened, the apology going unspoken but still known, something for which he was grateful. Even though he was looking at Steve, he felt as if Tony was really thinking a hundred other things at the same time. “Everybody gets performance anxiety their first time. I’d say even me, but hey, I’m not about to start lying—”
Steve lifted his head from the drawing in his lap, and peered at Tony curiously as he settled himself down by his side, one of the many tablets he owned placed between the two of them. It was dark outside, but combined with Steve’s good vision and the faint blue glow of the arc reactor, he could see just fine.
Steve could barely contain his surprise when Tony stepped out the driver’s seat of the sleek black car.
Except for Bucky. Steve swallowed hard, lightly traced the letters of his best friend’s name with his fingers. He had slipped through Steve’s fingers, and Steve—
He felt the blow like a punch to the gut. Of course, she had been a very fine dame, and Steve had been lucky she wanted to get closer to him, so he had no right to be surprised.
They spent a better part of the day there, and for once, Tony didn’t take out his phone or some other electronic to distract himself with.
When he got back to the living room, Natasha and Thor were still lying in their respective chairs, and Clint had curled himself up at Coulson’s feet, like a cat. Tony sat propped up against a wall, a tablet dangling from his fingers, and mouth hanging open.
Steve furrowed his brows for a moment, then sighed. He had planned for their next encounter to go a bit differently, mainly, with him apologising for his behaviour during their first meeting. The truth was, Tony was so much like his father (including the “fondue” bit, which was a realisation that only occurred after he’d had a chance to look up the meaning of the word “playboy”) that it had unsettled him deeply when they met for the first time; he couldn’t have stopped the words that had flowed from his mouth if he tried. When he had later heard about Howard’s attempts to find him, and his neglect of Tony as a result, Steve had felt ashamed for the cruel words he had spoken. His mother had taught him better than that. He vowed he would make it up to Tony, somehow.
“I’m sorry it took so long, but,” Coulson slid a small square of folded paper across the table, “here it is.”
When it became clear that Fury was neither going to talk, nor look back at him, he cleared his throat quietly.
“Oh don’t give me that sass.” Tony sat up and shook his finger at nothing. It was almost amusing. “Don’t forget who made you!”
“That was my AI, Jarvis,” he explained. “He can be pretty snarky most of the time, well, all of the time actually, but he’ll do anything you ask. So if you need something, Jarvis can do it for you. He’s pretty cool and stuff, since that’s how I designed him.”
“She’s just over there, Mr. Rogers,” the receptionist stopped a ways away from a slightly hunched figure. “I’m not sure if you know this, but she’s got plenty of fire left in her, so don’t try and coddle her.” And then she left Steve.
“Oh. Hm,” Tony hummed for a moment. In the meantime, Steve had made his way across the room to where there was a bar counter set up. Coulson had poured himself a glass of something clear, and Steve shook his head when the man silently offered him some.
“I located her position and approached her myself,” Coulson explained, pulling a white cloth from the pocket of his jacket and offering it to Steve. He pretended not the notice the red and blue trimmed edges, and the Captain America logo on the side, as he wiped his eyes. “It took some convincing, but I finally got her to listen to my story. Well, your story. I showed her a few pictures of you, and she’s agreed to see you tomorrow.”
“You know, Cap,” Bucky leaned forward to sip from his coffee mug, “this coupled with the whole couple suite fiasco, I’m surprised you guys haven’t fucked
Tony had been grappling over his heated exchange with Obadiah for hours. He couldn’t bring himself to talk to Steve about it, especially since that night was supposed to be about the team. But Tony could tell that Steve had sensed there was something bothering him, yet he attempted to divert attention from himself at every opportunity, trying to convince himself that Obadiah was wrong about him and Steve.
Steve opened the door to his apartment to find Bucky and Sam loudly playing video games in their living room. Steve nodded at them, walking past his boisterous friends to his bedroom. He hadn’t told either of them that he had confessed to Tony that he loved him because Steve had been feeling overwhelmed by the inundation of constant relationship advice.
Tony walked away from them to pace in the middle of the space. “Right…the device works fine without the chip…and we made modifications…but I don’t think constructing another chip will help making it any more stable, especially if my dad was being weird and elusive on the subject, as he was apt to do.”
“…I’m trying not to make you run off too quickly, like give it a few months at least.” Steve laughed quietly indicating that he knew Tony was only kidding.
“Let me just get you up to the penthouse, okay? You can pass out in one of the spare rooms.” Tony whispered with his own goofy smile as he felt Steve nestled his head on his shoulder.
Steve managed to cut Thor off before he could march away. “Thor, stop. You have to think rationally.” He held out a hand to keep Thor in place.
Tony yanked away from Bruce, running over to Steve. He nearly fell over as he knelt down next to Steve who had sustained a few injuries from the blast. Tony instinctively reached out to hold him, but hesitated, not really sure whether Steve was still alive.
Bruce grinned as he rested his hands on his hips. “Also, please just call me Bruce, Steve. Not only are we work colleagues, you’re seeing one of my best friends.”
When he finally reached the glass doors, Steve spotted Tony inside whose back was facing the entrance. His lab partner was standing with his arms crossed. He was wearing clothes similar to the clothes he wore yesterday, but this time he was also sporting a pair of headphones. Tony’s head was bobbing up and down to the tune filtering through his ears. As Steve inched closer toward the glass façade, he could hear dull thumping from the base on Led Zepplin’s “Kashmir” percolating through the material.
“Bruce, I’m restricting you to a closed channel.” Tony switched the channel to a private one. He managed to close it to everyone else, but because Tony had J.A.R.V.I.S. sync the mini teams to each other’s earpiece, Steve was still on the channel.
Tony thought to himself as he held up shirt after shirt, not really looking at himself in the mirror.
“I’m gonna come, Steve…” Tony said, releasing himself into Steve who kept calling for Tony as he came onto the mattress.
“No, I want to look through a few boxes just to give me an idea on how to go about appraising this shit.”
Tony squinted at the message before he hit “send”. He bit his bottom lip as he waited for a reply from Steve.
Tony entered the room first but was soon pulled over and down toward the bed. Both men fell on top the sheets together with Tony landing on top of Steve. He felt Steve feel the middle of his back as his forehead pressed against his neck.
It took some time getting Steve out of the hospital, but Tony drove him to Stark Tower, setting him up in his bedroom before he drove out to Brooklyn where he picked up some extra clothes for Steve. Tony then picked up Peter who was excited to find out that Steve would be staying with them for some time.
Steve looked directly at Obadiah but toned down the intensity of his stare to continue to appear neutral. Something about this offer seemed out of place. Steve knew it had something to do with the strained relationship between Obadiah and Tony.
The elevator doors opened to reveal Tony. “Hey, Rogers.” He reached out to give Steve a hug who meekly accepted it.
Tony tells him about Pierce and their gala next week. “I’m his date,” Tony informs him, “jealous yet?”
Tony’s brow furrows. “It’s just a meal. With a friend. In an apartment. What do you think’s going to happen?”
“Yes,” Diana says, rolling her eyes, “you’ve said that a few times. It’s not going to bring him back.”
“Here,” Pierce says, gently, buzzing them into his office. “I know it’s not luxury, but – it’ll be a relief, right? To get away from all that brass.”
He picks at the pack of cigarettes left on the table, palms the lighter. Slips past the door, and mounts the stairs to fresh air for the first time in weeks.
"No," Clint says "you are concussed. Stop moving so much, Christ, how much stuff have they doped you up on?"
Pierce nods. “Good,” he says, “good boy. You see?” He taps the side of his head, twice. “You’re learning.”
Rogers thumb is – massaging Tony’s wrist. A figure of eight. Over and over. Tony gets distracted, momentarily. Just momentarily.
He feels himself listing to the side. Steve curses, catches him before he hit his head on the metal railing. “You’re not well,” he frets, hand to his brow, “you’ve got a fever, I can just tell.”
“And if I find out on Tuesday Caracas has turned into a giant sinkhole? Who should I blame then? Richards, for being incompetent, or myself, for being too lazy to see it out?”
about existing that he thought ending it was truly the easier option. What happened? What has altered?
“Why not?” Steve asks, plaintive. Tony has all his arms and legs. All his limbs intact, his face serene, lips twisting upwards like he can’t stop smiling. “I want to — see you. We miss you, I miss you. I need you.”
“I can see I’m boring you,” Fury calls, breaking Tony’s reverie. “Seeing as From Stark has lost his focus, now would be as good a time as any to take a break.”
“He is… expendable,” Pierce says, regrettably. “I wish he wasn’t, but he is. So you should sit yourself back down. Or else, the soldier will shoot him, and my men will shoot you. And we don’t want that, do we? No unnecessary blood-shed, when this could all be resolved so peacefully.”
It’s not that things get blurry, exactly; Tony can recall the trudge back to the compound. It’s just that he didn’t feel present for it, he felt removed, disembodied, floating. Steve sets him up in the living room on a couch and takes off all his wet things, wraps him in a large warm blanket. He sets some cocoa with marshmallows and cream down on the table even though Tony can’t drink it because of his hands. Tony pulls the blanket over his head and breathes in the musty scent. He wonders who this blanket belongs to.
i've written some snippets of tony's backstory i.e. his first few contracts if anyone is interested in reading, let me know. ur thoughts on how their relationship -- especially steve -- is are v helpful/motivating! such interesting points in comments last time!
He truly can’t recall how they got where they are now, wherever this place is. Dark, and musty. Smells like old leaves and leather. The bed is a cot, the mattress is thin. He smells: coffee, stew. Hears water boiling.
“Yeah. You don’t cook, or clean, because I know that’s not you. Maybe, you spend your day doing those – those programmes that you like. You know, with Jarvis.” Steve sounds so earnest – Tony didn’t even realise he’d noticed. “I like to think, you’ll work out on the balcony, or go for walks, and maybe you make some omega friends. I don’t know,” he adds, quickly, sounding embarrassed. “That’s just part of it. Maybe – you do those things. That would be good for you, I think.”
Steve chuckles over the intercom. "We know, Tony, we've gathered that. Just a few more minutes, okay? Can you do that for me?"
“Why would someone want to rile me up?” He asks, depositing Tony in a secluded hallway away from the main ballroom.
“Not everything,” Steve tries, although he knows the words are bitter in his mouth, that – that at the time, had he been in Tony’s place, he would have felt the same way. That after the war, and after what happened, he also felt abandoned by Tony. That he couldn’t understand why Tony wouldn’t just – why he couldn’t help, or see, or at least – try to understand the way Steve, at least, tried to understand.
“I’m sorry,” Peter blurts again. “I can’t imagine what this is like for you, Mr Stark. I know you don’t — owe me anything, or — need to help me, or whatever. But after what happened in New York — “
“You haven’t lost everything,” Peter says, shuffling forward. “Strange said this was endgame. There’s hope. And – “
Pushing him against the window, Steve puts two, three fingers into his mouth. “Suck,” he tells him, clinically, his free hand working at the buttons of Tony’s pants.
“The general says you should bring the suit,” Maria Hill tells him, arms crossed. She looks exhausted, her hair pushed back with a band rather than neatly clipped at her nape. “Oh – and coffee,” she adds, holding it out.
Steve rolls back his shoulders, feels his chest swell. “Well alright then,” he nods, moving forwards. Tony is still watching him, suspicious. “What?” He laughs.
“Like this? No.” And Steve smiles, because he’s made a joke – it’s funny, because Tony didn’t do it properly. It’s just a joke. Tony laughs, too, but maybe later than he should of, and too loudly, because Steve looks concerned. “I used to like it,” he continues, delicately holding Tony’s chin. “I used to like it when the bitches – I mean, the boys would wear it. But I don’t think masculine omegas really use it, anymore.”
He pushes inside him gently, still kissing along Tony’s jaw, his throat, collarbones. “Beautiful boy,” he sighs, one hand curling in Tony’s hair, barely dominant. His thrusts are short, slow, like he’s afraid to make noise. “I’m not gonna share you. No way. I don’t want you in anyone else’s’ bed, you hear? I’m alpha, they know the line.”
“Don’t be foolish,” Diana says, coldly. “I’m offering you food. You do not want to starve, now, Stark. You need your strength.”
“Of course you don’t,” Steve says, flicking the lighter, igniting the tip. “Anymore,” he adds, inhaling once, then lets his hand relax above Richard’s head; some ash tickles his hair.
WARNING: Graphic torture in this chapter. I've contained it to one so not to let it drag on, and the comfort will be up very soon!
“This it?” Tony pants, pulling up his head, meeting Steve head on. “C’mon, buttercup, you can do better than that.”
“Hmm?” Tony asks. He would like to be… he would like to be on an oak floor. He would like to be on a silk bed. He would like to – to crawl onto Pierce’s lap, and bury his head in his neck. Crawl into his skin.
There’s a kid frantically waving his hand, trying to push past the crowds of people. He gives one man a shove and he goes flying, cursing and knocking into six others. “WAIT, MR ROGERS! YOU KNOW ME! I’M FROM QUEENS! I’M FROM — “
The lipstick is smeared. He’d tried to paint it, neat, onto his lips; it was wobbly, and then the repetition of it, the drag of thick wax across his skin felt good, and he got… distracted. He knows how to do it the way they like it, they taught him. They had wanted him in pretty make-up and silk panties and lace suspenders. He can do everything that he needs to do.
Steve cracks open an eye. “You okay, sweetheart?” He blurs, voice croaky. “You didn’t have a bad dream, did you?”
“Sure. The sleeping around, the sexual favours. It’s how you get what you want, isn’t it? Or how you get what you need.”
“Of my own damn free will, give it up,” Rhodey sighs. “Let if go. Don’t — denigrate what I did like that, man. I made my choice.”
“Shh, shh, shh,” Killian is soothing, like you would a nervy horse. “It’s alright. You’re broken, Tony. More than you know. This,” he says, plucking open Tony’s silk dress shirt, tapping the arc reactor with his finger, “this makes you broken. Sick. And who knows what goes in that head of yours, huh?” He lightly caresses the side of Tony’s head with his burning hand, and the room smells like singed hairs.
But it feels like there’s more. “I’m sorry I didn’t make any friends tonight,” he tells him, morosely. He thinks it’s important for Tony that he tries to get along, or at least, rub along with his people. But it’s so hard for him. He’s not that kind of alpha – he’s honest, and probably too simple, and he lives by a different code.
And Steve exhales. Shuts his eyes, takes stock. How’s he feeling? If there’s any fight in him, he might need to get Tony to pick him up, and he’d hate to get him out of bed on such a nasty evening. But he’s surprised to find, no, no fight; anger, sure, but it’s just the usual kind, clarifying. He feels oddly settled. So he finishes the cigarette, stubs it out on the wall, and makes sure to throw it in a garbage bag. He hates litter.
Steve braces his arm on the wall, above Richards head. Leans close. “Tony,” he breathes, “was sixteen.”
“Tony,” he says again, and this time, he knows it’s gone through. He holds his wrist close to Steve’s nose; he recoils slightly, wrinkles his face.
“That’s not true,” Peter says. He’s propped up against the wall, one arm slung over his leg. “Mr Stark, you shouldn’t think like that.”
It’s Steve who holds out his meds with a glass of water, helps him swallow. Tony longs for their dreariness, for their cover and the way they make the world go beautifully fuzzy at the edges. Sometimes they scare him. Most of the time, they quiet the voices and allow him to sit peacefully, reading or watching a film, or TV or whatever.
At some point, the sky begins to darken. He checks his watch; it’s probably not rude to be leaving soon. He’s done his job, played his role. He should seek out Pierce, make his apologies, thank him for the very pleasant, if not slightly boring, evening. He frowns at his wrist, shakes down his sleeve, sips his champagne. He’s aware of an irritating fly, buzzing for his attention.
Steve blinks as he’s lifted out of the hole. He realises how deep it truly is and that, most likely, it was using Gus as a safety mat that allowed him to survive unscathed.
They televise this, because people want to see. They’ve been lining the streets. On earth, and elsewhere. They carry him. They lay him, draped in a flag, at the podium. The world wears black.
The tower hasn’t been touched since the Ultron debacle. Glass still lies strewn on the floor, overturned cups, lights crashed over the bar and Ultron’s robots still lying in pieces. The sight of them, missing heads, arms, legs, it makes him want to vomit. He might actually vomit. Please, God, don’t let him vomit here, when he’s already embarrassed himself too much to quantify —
Now, Steve helps Tony into the jumper he brought with him. It’s fall, and there’s the first bite in the air. Tony’s fingers have little fine motor control, the nerves damaged from where they were severed, so Steve has to zip up the throat and then help push his arms into the plushy parka Natasha had bought for this purpose. He pushes Tony’s feet into new, soft sneakers, and wheels him to the entrance, signs some last papers. Tony has to sign something too, but his hands are shaking so much it’s near impossible, his once slick signature now just a shaky squiggle on a dotted line. He drops the pen but it’s enough for the attendant. They give Steve Tony’s prescriptions in a plastic box and tell him, to his face, with Tony sitting right next to him and yet somehow invisible to the nurses, that Tony can’t be allowed to have control over these because he will almost certainly try to overdose.
His feet feel so clumsy. He reaches down to grab at the picture but his hands are shaking so bad he can’t get a good grip, he thinks the man is laughing at him, and he might say something but it’s slurred and smeared to his ears. Sounds move slowly. “Get out of my way,” he hears himself beg, pushing past the bulk of the man, stumbling away from the wall.
Tony is nodding. “Yeah,” he says “but what is this other than an extended vacation? If I could — touch you,” he sighs, letting his hand rest against the space near Steve’s cheek “if I could just touch you.”
His chest is hot against the line of Tony’s back, sweating. Tony’s cock remains untouched, hanging between his thighs.
Things are blurry, too. When he cracks open his eyes, the muted low light seems to swim in front of his face. He’s lying on something soft, but he can’t quite distinguish it. The warm colours, the muted noises, he feels empty, calm, it’s like he’s floating gently under a lake, under the ocean.
He blinks. His throat feels thick. The cards are burning a hole in his pocket. He had written his speech and some PR guru had cleared it. No pressure. This is only being transmitted around the universe.
I am not doing it out of spite. I am not doing it because I hate you. There are many factors that lead to my decision, and the largest one is that your father is leaving you a sizeable sum. Enough, I think, to live very, very comfortably for the rest of your life and never lift a finger. I feel my money could be better spent on people who need it.
He takes his hand and carefully slides it down his own pants, reaching for his hole; wet, as always, and easily taking two fingers. He fucks himself while still kissing Steve’s scrotum, and when he feels dozy and hard, he pulls out his hand and uses it to slick Steve’s cock, working his fist up and down.
But this is your life’s work, and your innocence, and your legacy, and to be frank I’m not going to let you throw it away over three days worth of work. Understand?”
Tony had reached for Steve with the fierceness of a parched man drinking water. The first time Steve rested his hands on Tony’s tired shoulders, squeezed slightly, asked if he was alright, Tony melted like wax under a flame. He had no resistance. Steve was what he wanted. And his enthusiasm bolstered Steve, made him think he could exist in a world where Tony was still his lover and Bucky his friend.
Ty grabs his jaw, his nails dig into the flesh of his cheek. “Don’t you look away,” he says, breathing in Tony’s face, “look at me when I talk to you.”
The room is very quiet. Tony is resting his head on Steve’s bare chest, dragging his finger in a spiral across his breast.
Pepper is nodding. “Give him the best,” she says. “I want him dead of old age this time, you hear me, Cap? I want him to be – eighty and ugly and wrinkled,” she laughs.  “Please. Just – let him be happy, okay? Do that for me. He deserves it.” A beat. “You deserve it.”
“Look,” Loki tried shifting his body weight to get more comfortable, but the restraints holding his arms to the table were making it difficult for him to move, “I don’t know how many times I have to tell you people, but that’s all I know!”
Steve stopped tapping his phone in the palm of his hand, staring at it before pulling up Sharon’s contact information.
Tony sighed before turning onto his back, pulling up Steve’s contact information which had migrated from his favorites then back within the last couple weeks. Tony inhaled then exhaled deeply before tapping on the phone icon next to Steve’s name. It rang once.
Steve eyed both Tony and Peter before sighing heavily as he placed his hands on hips. “This isn’t funny, you two. Has this been happening when I’m not here?”
However, Steve smiled back, fully thinking that everything between the two of them was back to normal now.
Tony motioned for Peter to follow him into the kitchen. The nine-year old ran after him as Tony walked briskly toward the island. Steve followed them, curious to know what this ‘quota’ was about.
Tony shook his head as he slumped downward to sit on the edge of the bed; he continued breathing heavily. Steve could hear him counting to himself, but he waited; he wasn’t sure if he should try to touch Tony or just reason with him at a distance.
“You know how Bucky is. He’s a little overprotective. He just asked. That’s all. And I probably shouldn’t have told you that.” Sam grimaced as Steve sighed heavily.
Tony couldn’t stop smiling; not only was Peter okay with having dinner with Steve, he actually seemed excited about it.
“Okay then. Let me know when I should come in. And thank you again, Tony.” Shuri waved before exiting the lab.
reason why he had been off the day of the interview. Honestly, the last couple years had been like that. Learning how to parent a small child had been tough in the beginning and he felt like he was just now getting a hang of it, but some days, like that interview day, were the hardest.
Steve licked him some more before moving down his stomach, kissing Tony until he stopped at his hardening cock. Steve looked up at Tony, smiling before pushing down the fabric of his boxers. He rubbed Tony for some time, feeling him all over with one hand before replacing his hand with his mouth.
Tony looked down at his loafers before looking back up at Pepper. He knew she was right, once again, but having an event to put on a show for the board sounded fucking terrible. He hated playing nice with Obadiah, but he figured that was the only way to simmer down tensions before they received the government contract. Afterward, Tony was going to fire Obadiah, definitely.
Tony turned somewhat to address him again. He smiled, although the expression was no longer similar to his usual demeanor.
They said goodbye to each other before Steve heard the call end. He sighed to himself again, resting his hands on his hips before opening the door to find Tony still sitting on the edge of the bed. Steve walked into the room, but he stayed near the door.
Steve didn’t seem to notice, however; he laughed instead. “Yeah, it’ll be great because I’ll get to see Bucky almost everyday now instead of once in a while.”
“Thanks for coming, Tony.” Steve smiled the way he usually did at Tony which made Tony’s heart melt.
Steve nodded as he turned to the side to kiss Tony again. He reached out a hand to caress his cheek before turning back onto his back.
Tony grinned at the two of them before grabbing the bottle and more shot glasses. “Suit yourselves. Barton, let’s interject some debauchery into this party, shall we?” He motioned for Clint to follow him over to where others were gathered.
“Loki.” Thor greeted curtly, sitting down in a tiny chair opposite his brother that creaked underneath his weight.
Once they reached the hotel, Tony remained just as quiet as he had been in the car. He could sense that Steve had picked up on but chose to remain silent as well in order to give him some space. They rode the elevator up to their floor, still silent, neither one really filling the void until they reached their room. Steve let Tony enter first who walked to the opposite side of the room, his back facing Steve who lingered near the door before walking further into the room.
Steve laughed as he straightened up, finding the anti-lock to the zipper Tony had installed to keep the uniforms snug. He unzipped himself before Tony pulled the uniform down to Steve’s waist. The force of the pull caused Steve to fall back on top of Tony who caught him with a laugh.
Steve stayed near the door, smiling at Tony with his arms crossed. “I’m fine with just going to bed, Tony.”
“Rogers, stop.” Tony held up a hand to interrupt Steve, “you’re a real piece of work, you know that right?” He angrily dried himself off before marching out of the bathroom.
Steve moaned, using one hand to rub Tony’s backside. He let Tony grind up against him for a while before turning him over onto his back.
After a minute or so, Tony turned slowly to directly face Steve. He swallowed before responding. Steve began to fidget due to how uncomfortable the situation had become. Without answering verbally, Tony nodded before rising from the chaise lounge; his expression suddenly switched as if they just hadn’t had a very awkward and tense conversation.
“Steve, I’m really sorry…” Tony looked down at the water glass he was holding, “…I shouldn’t have assumed anything about your relationship with Bucky without speaking to you first…”
Steve shook his head as he limped past Tony, motioning for Peter to follow him to the kitchen. “It only is if you don’t know what you’re doing.” He winked at Tony before giving Peter some instructions on how to prep their pizza.
As he entered the main cabin, Tony glanced around the space, taking in the scene before following Steve to their seats.
Tony held onto him as his body convulsed. Steve moaned as he felt Tony release into his mouth. He tried to swallow, but it ended up being too much for him and he was now focused on jerking himself off. He heard Tony chuckle as he kept a hand in his hair.
“J.A.R.V.I.S. is Tony’s computer system. I thought he was just programmed to the lab.” Steve explained casually.
Steve sighed heavily before moving away from the balcony. “There was a reason why I said that to you, Tony…” he paused, “…you brought up the night we almost slept together for first time…”
Tony gave the officer a thumbs up before waving for Steve to follow him inside the precinct. As they entered, they were met with semi darkness: all of the lights in the building had been turned off which cultivated the eeriest vibe as Steve and Tony took their time entering. Tony handed the Synergy device to Steve before pulling a tablet out of his bag.
Tony groaned as he shook his head, but he finished packing his things before responding. “Obie, I really don’t have the bandwidth to deal with this shit right now.” He closed his eyes, took a deep, much-needed breath as he motioned toward Obadiah with one hand.
“Oh, come on,” Tony jogged to catch up with Bruce, “I was listening, I promise.” He finally caught up with the other who was by this time marching down the hallway.
Rhodey laughed nervously as he patted Tony on the shoulder to get him to focus. “There’s a question about the near infinite number of items that the device can replicate.”
Natasha conveyed her sincerity. “Do you remember seeing anyone else working in the labs that night before going into Stark and Rogers’s?”
Tony handed Steve the tablet, who swiped through the files to study them further. Tony sat back in his chair, scratching his chin.
“Thank god I can take this goofy thing off now.” Tony quipped, taking Peter’s mask off, prompting a chuckle from Steve.
Tony stopped, sighing to himself as he took his time turning around to face Peter. “Steve doesn’t spend the night all the time.”
“We’ll need Stark and Rogers to go to this sector. There’s an old factory where we could test the device while it sends specs back to Dr. Banner’s lab.” Fury used a pen to point to a section of the map.
Steve nodded, but with a strained smile; although he and Bucky often poked fun at each other in front of their friends, they never had as viciously as Loki did to Thor.
Tony placed his hands on Steve’s face to look at him directly. “Steve,” he smiled as he finally found the courage to say what he had been wanting to say for the longest time, “I should have said this to you a long time ago, but I l—”
Loki continued to grin before looking away at nothing. His expression turned uncanny. “This is way bigger than you and your pathetic little team.”
Bruce put his hands up in a halting position. “Okay, come on, Tony. You’ll thank me when you’re out in the field together. You may even get that date.” He grinned, wildly.
Tony took a sip out of his water glass before taking the device back from Steve. “It’ll last for only twelve
“Oh my god! I remember this ad. There you are!” Tony turned the volume up on his phone as he played the video.
“Ah, Mr. Rogers. Thank you for meeting with me with such short notice.” He motioned for Steve to take a seat in front of his desk.
“…do you really think that’s necessary, Tony?” Steve looked horrified, hesitating before accepting the device as Tony handed it to him.
Tony continued to swing his legs back and forth. “I wouldn’t say you were the easiest to read, just that I could probably figure out what you like to do in your free time.”
Steve held onto Tony’s shoulder a moment longer, now rubbing it. Tony turned his head more to look at him; it had been a while since he had seen Steve like this: concerned for his wellbeing while also offering intimate physical comfort.
Tony had hoped he would be able to lie low during the graduation, but of course being at a university someone was bound to recognize him.
Pepper chuckled. “Wow. Never thought I would live to see the day when you admit that someone knows one of your projects better than you,” she teased, “he was definitely a good choice then.”
Tony groaned as soon as he remembered the drunk kiss he had shared with Steve that night. “Okay, yeah?”
the thought had entered Tony’s mind so quickly that he almost said it out loud, and his chest began to hurt almost immediately.
“Cap,” Bucky started up again with a muted sigh, “why don’t you just call Tony or text him? Just tell him you fucked up.”
Steve kept his grip on Tony, taking his time before answering. After a moment, Tony realized that Steve was really asking for reassurance as it related to their developing relationship. He looked downward with a smile before looking back up at Steve who looked like he was waiting for Tony to give him some very unpleasant news.
“Tony,” Bruce leaned over the table, “the board is going to lean toward selling the device to a weapons contractor. They’re not going to give it to the government, which means we won’t have any say. Can’t we do more?”
Bruce shook his head. “Of course not, Tony. You can always say it’s something for the team. You can also tell him he can bring a plus one or something just to make him feel more comfortable.”
Obadiah rolled his eyes, betraying that he was becoming frustrated with Steve’s insistence. “Mr. Rogers, need I remind you that you were the victim of an explosion in Anthony’s lab?
want to work on a project with Tony Stark.” Sam continued. Steve could feel his friend’s widening smile at the mentioning of the famed tech genius.
He had been so wrapped up in analyzing the core through sketch that he almost didn’t hear Tony call for him.
Clint had suggested that the team meet for drinks at a cocktail bar that was a few blocks down the street from Stark Tower. Ever since entering the bar, Tony had been trying to figure out the best way to approach Steve and talk nonchalantly like he was typically prone to, but for some reason had forgotten how.
Tony glanced at Bruce before looking down at nothing on his tablet. He sighed before finding a table to lean against.
Both Tony and Steve looked at each other as Tony tapped on his earpiece. “We’re on our way.” He answered in time with Steve letting go of him before jogging out of the office. Tony grabbed his tablet on his desk before quickly following Steve.
“Was I though? Next time, I’ll listen, okay? I need to earn your trust back, Tony.” Steve answered sternly.
Tony wanted to be honest with Steve, but to what extent now, he wasn’t sure. He cared so much for him, but the thought of getting close again and then possibility losing everything scared him. Steve was so different than anyone he had ever been with, but Tony had been dragging his feet the most with him. When he was dating Pepper, Tony had told her on their third date that they were probably going to get married.
Soon Seinabo Sey’s “You” began playing, instantly making Tony’s eyes well up right on que; this was one of his favorite songs, so he knew the lyrics all too well.
Both Peter and Tony laughed loudly in response to Steve. Steve settled against a table, watching them work with an amused grin on his face.
Steve looked over at Tony with a nod, immediately noticing that something was amiss about his lab partner’s demeanor. Tony seemed agitated and a little nervous. However, Steve couldn’t quite process it; he was also having an off day. He was having trouble focusing on the simulation while still agonizing over his dream about Tony.
Tony rounded the desk to sit on the edge in front of Steve. “Fury and his agents have more than enough information to deal with that crackpot, okay? Besides, I have Peter to worry about and you just had major surgery, Steve. The more we keep using this thing, the more dangerous it becomes.”
“Yeah, I was trying to finish reviewing the facial alteration device specs so I could focus on our side project…” she turned around with a cup of coffee, “I took another look at your father’s schematics, Tony…but…”
Tony immediately interrupted Bruce by holding up one finger as he shouted “Rhodey!” as soon as he heard the lyric “…I shall reveal you” from “Caravan” playing on low volume. Over at the bar, Rhodey turned around from his conversation with Steve to call back.
Bruce paused as he placed the tablet he was holding on the console. “…did you tell Steve what happened after you guys broke up?” He asked quietly.
Tony took a moment. “Would…you like to come over here so we can have some privacy? Peter’s over at a friend’s tonight…”
Both Tony and Peter were lying on their backs underneath a medium-sized robot in Tony and Steve’s lab one mid-morning on a Saturday. Steve was on the other side of the lab, watching them work. He had an enormous grin on his face; he could feel himself becoming more comfortable with spending so much time with Tony and Peter, and he enjoyed watching them interact with each other.
As everyone final settled, Tony took in a deep breath, closing his eyes for quick second. He leaned forward, interlacing his hands on top the table surface.
Tony stared back at Steve as Steve walked away from him. “I’m trying to be patient with you, Tony, but you’re really driving me to the edge.”
“My god, Rogers…” Tony stopped in his tracks as a smile crept onto his face, “this uniform looks so good on you!”
“I see what’s going on, but I would be cautious if I were you,” Obadiah tightened his grip around Steve’s hand, “sleeping with Tony Stark carries a
Tony groaned to himself as the memory of his antics during the first simulation popped into his head.
Steve nodded back, taking a moment before following Tony into the bedroom. He looked around the space: Tony had his suitcase wide open on the floor and the bed was covered with clothes and a tablet.
“Well I’m only doing my best.” But Steve appreciated the insight. Although he tried to train himself not to bristle at criticism from others, he did value knowing he wasn’t on anyone’s bad side.
—who had broken into his lab that one time said about the obsolete chip with the embedded failsafe codes. He then mentally connected that to something he had missed in his dad’s schematics the last time he reviewed them at the resort.
“I’m going to look through those legal documents before going to bed. Should I meet you in the lab the same time tomorrow?” Steve waved goodbye as he turned to leave.
Tony rolled his eyes. He had spent the entire weekend after the party rehashing every single move he had made up until almost confessing to Steve that he also loved him and wanted to start over. However, needless to say, he felt too embarrassed and upset by the way he reacted and to losing Steve to really talk about what happened at the party.
Tony shook his head. “No, I’m fine. Don’t worry about it.” He rubbed Steve’s chest with a huge, seemingly calm grin.
Steve had to prevent himself from backing away; he wanted to stay, but he couldn’t face Tony. He felt too embarrassed by his dream and waking up in Tony’s bed, so there was no way he would feel comfortable staying. He needed to go home and regroup.
Both Steve and Tony leaned forward to see that the test on the left had a giant red “A+” on it but the one on the right had an equally red and giant, yet disturbing “F” on it. Both Steve and Tony gapped at each other, paralyzed by the grade gap.
“No, destroy it.” Tony repeated as he walked away from the huddle. Bruce turned to Shuri, visibly pleading for some backup, but Shuri looked defeated, hanging her head low with a heavy sigh.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, Banner.” Tony spun around to face the bar counter. He felt Bruce settle next to him. Tony blushed, having been caught once again staring at Steve while also remembering that he had accidentally grazed his lab mate's hand, which felt nice, to say the least.
Steve shrugged as he tightened the hold he had on Tony’s waist. “Like I said to you before, Tony, it helps having the right partner.” Referring to their last dance.
“…I had spent Christmas break here because my parents went to Europe for vacation or whatever…” The memory seemed upsetting to Tony, yet he persisted with his narration.
After Tony opened the door, Steve held onto him to kiss him before walking over to the side of the bed he usually slept on. He smiled at Tony who was lingering near the door, watching Steve. Steve proceeded to undress, stopping short of taking his briefs off. Tony continued to watch Steve undress as he took his time pulling of his tie and unbuttoning his shirt.
Tony inhaled sharply, which hurt more than he realized it would. Maybe it was true they weren’t right for each other, but Tony still had trouble accepting it. If he couldn’t make things work with Pepper, then who could he make it work with?
“Great first day, am I right?” Clint grinned at Shuri who was standing next to Bruce. He seemed wholly unbothered that the team was witnessing his assault on tape.
Access codes to lab have not been disclosed. Need to proceed with plan B. Whatever you think is best, however proceed with the utmost caution. Will send the device dossier in a secure package. And wipe all email traces.
Steve nodded as he went back to stroking Tony’s cheek. “Okay, let’s get some sleep then.” He smiled before settling next to Tony. He wrapped one arm around Tony to draw him against his body, feeling himself exhausted as he slowly drifted off to sleep.
Steve scrunched up his face. “Are you serious? This isn’t upsetting to you?” He couldn’t believe he was the only one who thought the idea of the two of them sleeping together looked scandalous.
Peter nodded as he jumped up from the bed, grabbing his things. Tony waited, smiling to himself before he followed him out of the room.
But instead of offering any opinion or surprised response, Sam only nodded as he looked back down at his sheets of paper and Bucky only nodded before going back to his coffee. However, Steve could tell that his friends wanted to say something about him spending more time with Tony rather than getting to know Sharon better.
Bucky rolled his eyes. “Steve, I get where you’re coming from, but I really don’t think Tony would have come over here if he weren’t trying to make things work…”
The lights flicked on as Tony broke out into a run that ended with him launching his body to land on top of the bed. He settled, sprawled out like a starfish, kicking his loafers off by flicking them across the room. He closed his eyes as he remained as still as possible. He thought about Pepper and how lonely he felt, which elicited a distressing moan as he turned over to face the ceiling.
Natasha nodded sternly as she pulled up on the controls. They hovered near the island as Tony went to the back to look at the Synergy device with Bruce on his tablet.
“Wednesdays.” Clint added, leaning back in the chair he was already lounging in. Everyone in the room turned to stare at him directly.
Steve made a small cute-sounding noise as he let Tony pull him even closer for a kiss. Steve relaxed as he kissed Tony back, taking the opportunity to feel Tony’s chest, lingering a bit to rub his nipples, before moving his hands to his backside, sliding his hands under the fabric of Tony’s underwear to touch his skin.
Bruce looked at Tony then down at his lightly soaked shirt then back up at Tony. “Just go over there. Jesus.” He sighed before stalking over to opposite end of the counter to where Fury and Natasha were chatting.
Shuri nodded wearingly. “It’s almost ready, Tony. We just need to make sure we have the appropriate safeguards set in place.”
“You’re not entirely wrong, but I can teach you a few things—uh, er, on a smart phone.” The statement sounded a lot more suggestive than Tony had originally intended, but it seemed to play well with Steve.
Tony groaned before getting out the bed to head to the bathroom. “I know it’s from Steve. That’s why I’m not reading it.”
He rubbed the back of his neck and tried to steady himself. He wasn’t sure how his conversation with Obadiah would affect Tony; he was trying his best not to get involved with the intercompany political war between Obadiah and Tony. But Tony was his teammate and Steve thought he deserved to know that Obadiah might be spreading lies about him.
“Steve’s a really good cook.” Peter added causally, his eyes focused on his game play more than anything else.
“And as was already mentioned, we’ll need to use the device in a few wide-ranging scenarios to see what works and what doesn’t. But I can assure you all that the team assembled by Stark and myself is more than proficient to prove the usefulness of Synergy.”
Sam and Bucky looked at each other before staring at Steve again. “Damn, Steve,” Bucky started, “I’m sorry.”
Steve nodded as he turned to face Tony who took in a deep breath before continuing. “I should have told you this before…and I’m sorry it’s taken so long, but—”
“Rogers, take this.” Tony handed Steve the device as they both rushed out of the lab. Steve hesitated a moment; although he was now comfortable with the controls, he wasn’t sure he should be the one handling such a delicate device on their first outing.
“You drive a hard bargain, Mr. Rogers.” Obadiah tapped a few times on his desk with his index finger. “If having Anthony along with the promotional tour will get you on board then that’s fine with me.”
probably expect that.” Tony swung his legs off the side of the table, kicking them back and forth as he looked back at Steve.
you want…” Tony moved his head so that he could whisper into Steve’s ear who was, at this point, completely speechless.
Obadiah causally waved his hand about before pointing sternly at Tony; it felt like Obadiah’s finger had penetrated right through Tony’s heart, although he was still on the other side of the conference table. Tony remained paralyzed; even if he wanted to say something, he couldn’t.
Nevertheless, Loki grinned to himself as he came up with the plan in his head, walking back to the kitchen to finish his sandwich before binge watching one of his favorite TV shows.
“Fuck,” he then jumped off the bed, “I forgot that I was supposed to meet Banner for a bit. He wants to show me something.”
“Ned’s mom said that she was going to have babies!” Peter exclaimed, squiggling around in his chair. Both Tony and Steve were laughing during the story’s detailed narrative.
“…just seeing…having you around…it makes me wish…I had the same thing…” Tony sighed to himself, feeling ready to give up.
A weird giggle escaped Tony before he gradually broke away from Steve. He quarter turned to gather himself.
“Okay, first,” he held up one finger, “don’t ever jump on this bed like that again. You’re going to break it and will have to spend the rest of the summer paying it off. Second,” Tony held up another finger, “you’re going to make me a cup of coffee and bring it here. I will drink that cup of coffee before going out into the kitchen. As soon as I get to the kitchen, you’ll make me another cup. After I drink that, we’ll get ready to leave. And third,” Tony held up a third finger, “make sure you’re ready to go.”
Fury stepped forward to join Tony who was now standing closer to the table. “Our first real run with the device—a decidedly serious one—demonstrates the positive capabilities of the device.” Fury pulled out his own clicker to show the parts of the machine the team had replicated to save the ambassador.
Tony glanced at Pepper, thinking back to what Obadiah had inferred about their failed relationship. He couldn't bring himself to discuss it with her, especially since it had taken him forever to be comfortable around Pepper again before he started dating Steve. Tony eventually shook his head as the elevator door opened.
Tony twirled the device between his fingers. “Okay, you don’t have to use it if you don’t want to.” He tried to convey with a smile that he was sincerely apologetic for frightening him.
“Uh…” Tony tried so say something, but his brain short circuited from the mental gymnastics. However, it appeared that Steve had barely taken notice.
Steve smiled back at him before turning around to walk toward his console. Tony watched him for a moment longer before turning to face his own workstation.
Steve pulled out his phone and tapped on Tony’s contact profile from his favorites list. “…Hey, Tony. We have Loki…” Steve looked at Thor who was fuming, “…okay, we’ll meet you at the Tower.”
“You did a great job today, baby. Especially in that press pool.” Tony whispered to Steve, holding tight against his body.
“I messed up. You were right. I should have taken my time.” Tony slapped his hands against his forehead as he sank even lower into his chair; he was basically lying down in it with the upper half of his body in the seat.
After all, Obadiah must have known that the buyers out in Malibu were connected to Thanos and Loki’s firing was still very much suspicious. Even so, Tony knew the board wouldn’t believe him considering his past image, so he needed Loki to say out loud that Obadiah was involved.
Tony rushed toward Steve again, stopping short. “He probably wrote whatever’s in that diary keeping in mind that someone will probably write a book or movie script about him in the future.” Tony threw his hands up in the air before placing them on his waist. He sighed deeply, looking downward at the ground.
As soon as Fury contacted Stark Industries, and by extension Tony, about Project Synergy, Obadiah knew he needed superior outside help to steal the tech. He knew Tony was working on redirecting the company’s production from weapons manufacturing. Obadiah couldn’t allow him to do that; their biggest clients were top buyers in that business and the company would fold without them.
Considering their history of miscommunication, Steve thought maybe giving Tony some space would lead to some form of closure, but it never came. As Steve mentally filed through the things they said and did to one another, he had come to the conclusion that while their relationship wasn’t perfect, being with Tony was great. Well, seemingly to Steve anyway.
Steve smiled to himself as he buried his head in Tony’s chest. “Good, but…I’m sorry about the mess…”
“…we need to pay a visit to our fallen comrade…” Thor added, to which everyone else either responded to verbally or with a nod.
Steve looked at Tony before shaking his head. He straightened up before turning around, but as soon as he moved to exit the office, Tony made a disgruntled noise.
“Fine,” Obadiah spun around to face the rest of the board, “at least you all can sleep well at night knowing that here at Stark Industries our security is optimal.” He motioned a bit with his hands for emphasis.
Steve patted Rhodey on the shoulder again, thanking him before quickly walking out from underneath the canopy. He jogged toward the suite’s building, jogging through the lobby, and accessing the elevator quickly. As the elevator opened into the foyer, Steve searched around the space, finding Tony in the bedroom packing his clothes.
“I…uh…really enjoy spending time with her…but…I’m just taking my time, you know?…it’s important for me to feel close enough to really be vulnerable...I’m just making sure I’ll get there eventually…” Steve looked downward before leaning back in his chair.
Steve turned around from the sink to see Tony walking into the kitchen, sulking. Peter and Ned had retreated to the former’s bedroom to finish their game before dinner.
“So, this program is almost seventy years old. It’s great that you have the resources to finish it.” Steve offered as he stepped closer toward Tony.
Steve swallowed a lump in his throat; he had never seen Tony this exhausted. Steve knew he needed to apologize for calling his lab partner reckless and questioning his loyalty to the team.
, let alone a kid, but he knew he would be doing Peter a disservice if he hadn’t taken him in. Peter had other extended family, like his Aunt May, but she wasn’t able to care for him fulltime, nor had the means to support him financially. Surprisingly, May had been more than appreciative that Tony was able to give Peter a comfortable life. When it came to the adoption, Tony had remained mindful of changing Peter’s last name; he cared for Peter and truly thought of him as his son, but it seemed disrespectful to his parents and his aunt to change his name.
Tony flinched. “Hold the fuck up. What’s this about, Fury? This is one of Thanos’s daughters,” he pointed at Gamora, “Rogers and I met her out in Malibu.”
Tony drove himself to the hospital, signing in like he usually did before walking to Steve’s room. He stopped to look at Steve through the room window, taking a few deep breaths to steady himself before entering. He walked up slowly to the bed, still trying to get used to seeing Steve in his current state.
“Tony, I don’t mind that you’re hanging out with Pepper. I know she’s important to you and that you lean on her for advice.” He ended with an affectionate smile.
Sam rolled his eyes again. “No, I mean, any time anything in conversation remotely relates to you, Steve manages to bring you up somehow. Nowadays he’ll just tell me something about you without even any context.”
Steve continued to fuck Tony with his fingers before Tony sat up straight again. He rocked his hips forward slowly, smiling down at Steve before positioning his body to lower down onto Steve’s hard cock. Steve closed his eyes and moaned as Tony’s body squeezed his cock, bucking upward into Tony as soon as he was all the way in.
“Um,” Tony laughed quietly before continuing, too amazed with what was happening, “would you like to go to the master bedroom?” He asked softly.
“Shut the fuck up, Rhodes.” Tony attempted as he sat back in the booth, but he couldn’t help being moved by Rhodey’s comforting comment.
Tony swore as he slowly opened his eyes, greeted by a cheerful Peter bouncing on his bed to get him to wake up.
Steve could barely believe his eyes as he glanced up at the tower that housed Stark Industries. Steve was a New Yorker through and through, but the sight of this particular skyscraper was dizzying. He realized that he had never really looked at Stark Tower, and now the building seemed absolutely imposing.
The two friends were dressed in their nicest partywear as they rode the private express elevator in Stark Tower up to Tony’s penthouse. Steve knew Sam would appreciate accompanying him to a Tony Stark shindig; also, it sort of gave Steve an excuse not to bring a date.
Steve considered it; he wasn’t sure if that was a good idea taking into account last night. “I think I’ll just stay for dinner…maybe we can do something together this weekend?”
“Okay…” Tony started, “everything is more or less in the same order as it was before. I wanted to also make sure that the suits were able to play music with this current setup because that’s the most important feature.” He grinned at Steve.
Tony stared directly at Steve whose facial expression had changed, but Tony couldn’t get a read on how he was feeling, so he pressed on anyway.
Steve groaned as he lazily slapped at the papers. “Tony, you don’t have to do that…don’t they have a shuttle service or something at the hospital?”
Tony sighed as he looked up at the sink counter. He closed his eyes, trying to remind himself about all the good times he’s had with Steve. Yet, as the sinking feeling returned, all he could think about was their relationship falling apart like his past ones.
Tony let his body topple over to the floor so he could lie down on his side. His earlier tipsy feeling intensified as his body’s low tolerance to the alcohol exacerbated his emotions. Tony held the diary against his chest, crying to himself before sniffling quietly. Eventually he drifted off to sleep after settling from his fit.
Steve nodded as he rubbed Tony’s body with both hands again, kissing him slowly. Tony wrapped a hand around Steve’s neck, pulling him close before Steve flipped over onto his back as both tried to catch their breath.
“See. Right there. There’s something off about the footage.” She pointed to an obvious speck on the screen.
, save it, Rogers!” Tony had taken a step toward Steve to meet him at the door, “when we’re here at work, I’m your boss, not your—” Tony cut himself off, waving a hand around as if trying to explain whatever relationship he had with Steve.
Steve laid down in between Tony’s legs, and Tony held onto him even tighter. Steve moaned quietly as he pushed down into Tony, feeling his body with both hands as best as he could as they kissed. Tony moaned back, gasping for air whenever he could as he let his body push upward into Steve’s.
Fury shook his head. “No time for jokes, Stark. I need to end the simulation. We received a call from Doctor Strange; he’s running a medical clinic in Harlem and he’s come across some mysterious virus that his team can’t seem to wrap their heads around. They’re hoping the Synergy device could assist with generating some more equipment and supplies to support the staff.”
Steve suddenly shuffled off the bed as he walked over to his overnight bag. He rummaged around until he found a tube of lube and a condom. He turned around and nervously held up the items for Tony to see.
Steve stared at Tony, not entirely sure what he could add to the conversation, while still trying to wrap his head around the possibility of experiencing multiple orgasms.
Tony, shocked by his reaction, tried to hug the pillow underneath his head as his body overacted to being with Steve.
Peter made another whiny noise as he glanced upward at Steve. Steve made a sad face as he recorded the score with his fingers.
He took off his shoes before turning on one of the lamps. But as soon as he turned to sit down, the dim lighting from the lamp illuminated two figures standing next to his fireplace dressed in PPE coveralls. Obadiah nearly had a heart attack before he realized that the two intruders were Thanos’s daughters, but then his heart rate elevated once more as he realized that they were both brandishing hand guns with silencers attached.
Tony smiled, thinking back to the first time they had Steve over for dinner. “Okay, but I’m hanging out in the kitchen to supervise tasting.”
insisted that he drive us to the house…we had a driver, of course, but he never had him drive us out here, even though it made perfect sense to do so…”
“Everyone, we have a special guest today,” the staffer started, motioning for Tony to join him at the mic, “I think you’ll all appreciate what an unexpected treat this will be.” He then started clapping as Tony waved at everyone as he stepped up to the microphone. Murmuring radiated from the crowd before it erupted into applause as soon as the conference attendees realized they were about to hear from Tony Stark.
Bruce nodded, sighing as he removed his eyeglasses. “You know, Steve…I’m trying to stay out of it…but for what it’s worth…I thought you and Tony were great together…I always told him that…”
Steve nodded without responding verbally. Tony took another deep breath, strangely finding enough courage to ask Steve out.
“Tony! I’m glad you made it.” Sam clapped Tony on the back as he approached. He then pointed to the man standing next to him. Tony turned to greet him, yet instantly, he felt uneasy about meeting whomever this was.
Tony looked back and forth between the two women, still trying to act as if the whole situation wasn’t the most bizarre thing he had ever encountered in his entire life, which was, of course, saying a lot.
But before Tony could angrily finish answering his friend, Bruce moved to gently push Tony’s phone away from his ear, but he miscalculated the force of his movement, slapping Tony’s phone instead as his hand launched the phone across the room.
The two shuffled around, waiting for the sequence to run its course. Steve hung back again, watching them work.
Sometime later, Steve and Tony quietly rode the elevator down to the lobby. As soon as the elevator doors opened, Tony stepped to the side with his arm stretched out to let Steve out first. Tony followed him closely from behind before Steve turned around to face him.
“Fuck.” Tony whined, letting Steve flip him over onto his back as he tried to free Steve from his pants.
Tony took a moment before clearing his throat. “So, uh, I’m planning to get dinner with Pepper next weekend…” He started as he placed his fork next to his plate before clasping his hands together, looking over at Steve.
“I…uh…” Steve pointed behind himself, “we have to rehearse a bit for the ceremony tomorrow…and also in the morning…so, I think I might hang out in Bucky and Sam’s suite tonight…”
Bruce nodded as the rest of the Synergy team appeared in the conference room. Tony gave everyone their respective tasks.
However, as he sat in his car, trying to start the engine, a flood of tears rushed out and Tony sat, beside himself, angry for ruining his only chance with Steve.
“Tony!” He repeated, “...are you all right?” Steve hesitated before putting his hands on Tony to turn him over.
“Tony...we saw him before we left. He’s with May.” Steve answered calmly, barely budging from Tony squirming in his grasp.
No wonder Tony was so attached to Peter; his relationship with his own father had been the mirror opposite. Steve thought about keeping the diary away from Tony; he couldn’t let it be destroyed. Part of him thought that maybe if he showed Tony how much his father tried, maybe Tony would find some peace.
“Ah, Mr. Rogers! You’re awake.” He greeted with a smile as he walked to the other side of Steve’s bed. Tony quickly let go of Steve, feeling awkward about being that close to Steve in such a small room in front of other people.
Steve looked unamused. “Don’t say that, Tony,” he began to fiddle with the unused cutlery next to his plate, “…I understand what you mean about feeling alone.”
“Damn,” Bucky was standing next to Steve at the entrance to the plane’s cabin, “T’Challa’s one good looking dude.” Prompting Steve to laugh and nod back in agreement.
“Uh, Cap…” Bucky watched Steve rest his elbows on the table before placing his head into his hands, “you all right?”
He stopped moving as he held onto Tony who was still pushing downward into his body. Tony kissed Steve on the neck before letting out one more gasp, coming not too far behind Steve.
Obadiah smiled as he leaned forward. “True, but you have a very magnetic personality, Mr. Rogers. Also, I think Anthony would be too busy
“Thank you for the opportunity, Mr. Stane, but don’t you think it would be better to have Tony for the promotional tour? He’s in charge.”
“…all I know is that Thanos wants the device but he’s jamming it on purpose…that’s all I know, I swear.”
Tony sniffled, refusing to face Steve. He knew that if he stayed in the room he would end up telling Steve that he still loved him and that he should have said it the first time or even a long time ago.
Steve smiled back at Tony as he walked with him side by side down the corridor. Both looked at each other before looking away, and Steve noticed that Tony’s face had also turned a shade of red from the attention.
He placed an arm on an armrest, rubbing his forehead with his other hand, as he stared downward at the main drawer of his desk. He furrowed his brow, groaning again, as he scooted his chair closer to the drawer, opening it to find his mother’s ring. He studied it, placing it delicately in the palm of his hand, thinking about Steve wearing it, before quickly tossing it back into the drawer.
Tony’s mouth bobbed opened and closed a few times. Indeed, Steve had a naughty side to him that had yet to be explored, but Tony would have never believed that Steve would be so deliberate when it came to teasing the possibility of sex.
Obadiah glanced hurriedly around the room before acknowledging the staffer again. “Yes, thank you.” He answered sharply.
Steve decided to not ruminate on it as he switched the conversation back to the promotional tour which appeared to return Tony to his normal disposition.
“Tony, just talk to him. I don’t know Steve as well as you do, but I can tell he really cares about you…”
“Hey, Sam.” Tony nodded at Sam who was talking to one of his future in-laws toward the front of the cabin, “hey, Bucky,” then he waved at Bucky who was reclining in his seat, already enjoying the food that had been prepared for their short trip to the resort.
Steve glanced around, blinking rapidly as he tried to remember where he was, but the room didn’t look familiar.
Shuri smiled at Sam as she said her vows. “…and I want to promise you that I’ll always be a good partner and that we’re in this together, Sam, until the very end…”
“A pullout? Rogers…” Tony turned around to watch Steve aimlessly search the room, “can’t we call someone? I mean…it’s nice rooming with you, but…to be honest…I’m not trying to complain, really…but it’s already kind of weird that they put us in the same suite…”
“…I should have told you this a long time ago…” Tony leaned in closer to Steve, “but I felt this way about you long before you said it and I still feel the same…”
Tony had to prevent himself from staring wide-eyed at Steve; he was sure he had messed everything up.
Tony wasn’t sure if he should take that as a compliment, although he knew his friend was trying to assuage his worries about possibly wrecking Project Synergy before going out into the field.
Steve let out a weird giggle before looking away from Tony. He found himself blushing at Tony’s arresting smile, feeling a hand on his shoulder. Steve told himself to play it cool as he turned to face Tony.
Steve smiled as Tony rose from the bed to find his shirt. Not so long after, both were in one of Tony’s classic cars on the way to Brooklyn. They rode silently for a while, chatting once or twice about Peter, but Tony was somewhat dazed by what had just happened between the two of them to fully articulate a thoughtful comment.
Tony laughed nervously. “Really? I mean, that’s great. That’s really…great…” He continued to smile at Steve as he backed away slowly before turning around to walk to the Synergy device.
“J.A.R.V.I.S.,” Tony began as he entered the elevator,” send an email to Banner to let him know I’ll meet him in his lab during lunch.”
The mocking comment bristled Bruce who only shrugged in frustration as he turned in his chair to look at Fury who looked almost as angry as Tony.
Steve moaned before Tony leaned back. He reached for the bedside table, moving a bit off Steve. Steve watched as he realized that Tony had found a condom in the drawer. Steve continued to stare as Tony repositioned himself again, tearing the condom wrapper with his teeth as he continued to rub Steve’s cock. Tony threw the wrapper behind him before rolling the condom onto Steve, positioning himself to lower down onto Steve’s hardening cock. As soon as Tony neared, Steve’s body reacted immediately. He let out a gasp as Tony continued to lower himself.
Tony stopped them both before walking through the archway that opened into the space. He squeezed Steve’s arm, but not too hard.
Tony then moved a paper plate and the pizza box to the side, grabbing a few random items near him to visually demonstrate his story for Steve.
Tony paused before nodding wordlessly, now feeling ridiculous although he knew Bruce was only trying to help.
“Uh, thanks, Mr. Stark!” Trying her hardest not to sound overly excited, but the appreciation was evident.
A sharp buzz from his phone interrupted the thought. He turned the phone over, which was on his desk upside down, to peer at a message from Pepper. Tony sucked in a breath of air as he read the message.
Tony rose from his stool to hoist Peter onto his lap without missing a beat. The mask nearly slapped him in the face.
Tony smiled as he patted Steve on the arm. “There’s my spy partner.” He held on to Steve a bit longer which prompted Steve to start blushing from the attention.
“It’s not that you’ve been with other people before, I know that, Tony.” Steve was now sitting back on his heels with his hands on his hips, “it’s the way you talk about yourself like you were the town tramp.”
Both Steve and Tony looked away from the other before the conversation switched back to Synergy and Steve’s contributions to the team. Tony stayed for another hour or so before announcing it was probably time to relieve his babysitter, and Steve volunteered to show him out. They shook hands before Tony hopped into a car he ordered. As Steve reemerged in the apartment, Sam was standing in the kitchen perched against a counter, arms crossed and wearing the goofiest grin.
“Uh, thanks, Rogers…” Tony finally answered. A little grin crept up onto his face, but then he attempted to look less exposed.
Tony glanced meekly at Steve before facing forward. “Maybe it sounds selfish, but I really feel like I can start over with him, you know? I know I’m not the best parent…but whenever he smiles at me it feels like I’m doing okay. That he’ll be all right and maybe I will be too…”
“…so it’ll just be me and Bucky then. We figured it would probably be best to have Bucky move into the apartment out in Brooklyn instead of finding a new place…”
Tony pulled back from Steve with a grin. “Already again, Rogers? What are you? Superhuman?” He teased as he continued to rub Steve’s leg but kept his hand near his crotch.
“Here I’ll help you and even put a polite spin on it,” Tony leaned downward to whisper in Steve’s ear, “Tony, may I suck on your cock?”
Tony groaned loudly. “I, uh…,” he leaned forward as the volume in his voice dropped, “I…cried…after…having sex with Steve last night…”
Steve shook his head again as he finally met Tony, placing his hands on his arms rubbing them gently.
Fury turned to face the console again, resting his hands on his hips. “Get some agents out there right now. I’m going with them.”
And probably the most troubling, at one point in his life, Tony also thought that he might have been in love with Tiberius, but Tony had been so blinded by his own insecurities to realize Tiberius was actually emotionally abusive.
Tony sighed. “Really? That could have been an email or a text convo.” Obadiah laughed loudly before leaving. “I miss our one-on-ones, Anthony, so I seize the opportunity whenever it presents itself!” Obadiah practically shouted out in the hallway. “Also, I would love to see Peter!” He added.
“N-no…uh, w-what do you mean?” Steve tried his best not to sound utterly perplexed and horrified by whatever he might have done.
Steve laid down on top of Tony who then pushed upward, letting his hands travel down the length of Steve’s backside. Steve moaned as he pushed sharply down into Tony’s body. They kissed each other before Tony turned his head to the side to address Steve.
Steve grinned. “It’s not so bad, actually. I thought he would be a complete jerk, but he’s more overly confident than anything else.”
Steve looked unnervingly at Tony, which Tony immediately picked up on. He glanced at Steve before addressing the reporter again.
“Whoa, this is too awesome, Steve!” Sam studied Steve’s annotated sketch of the vibranium core at the little table that separated their kitchen and living room. Marvin Gaye’s “Trouble Man” was quietly playing from the stereo in the living room. Steve was perched against the counter drinking a cup of coffee. He had promised Sam they would celebrate his first day, but he needed a little boost of energy.
“I’ve never…you know…ugh…” Steve sighed again. For some reason, all that confidence built up from before dissipated as he began to psyche himself out.
Tony considered it, but then remembered why he had programmed J.A.R.V.I.S. to update him; he usually lost track of time whenever he was down to the wire.
As Tony sat off the side of the bed to remove his shirt, he heard Steve exclaim “oh!” before laughing to himself.
“Fine, but it could be better.” She answered slowly. Steve watched her shuffle about. He had never seen her so tense before.
Tony sat down on the edge of the bed; his mannerisms were becoming more anxious and he knew that Steve could tell that something was up.
Everyone turned to look at Tony who was on the opposite end of the conference table from Obadiah. There was a brief pause as everyone expected Tony to respond to Obadiah directly, but the longer he waited the more restless the room became.
Tony nodded back slowly, his expression still somewhat solemn as Steve smiled at him before pulling him to lie back down on his body. Tony moaned as he began humping Steve again, feeling Steve along his chest before holding onto him tightly. Steve breathed heavily as he sped up his motions against Tony, now holding onto Tony’s ass.
“Hey, Cap. How’s your—” But before Bucky could greet his friend, Steve grabbed him and dragged him into the elevator.
“Chaos? Explosions? Intra-company turmoil? No this isn’t a segment on the newest action film, but it turns out Stark Industries’ Project Synergy has hit an
Steve nodded, this time smiling, before walking ahead of Tony, but Tony stepped forward, looping an arm around Steve's waist to guide him inside.
“Okay then…” Steve started, staring back up at Tony, knowing full well what Tony was trying to get at, “if you’re so eager about it…why don’t you come in and find out?”
Natasha nodded in agreement. “Now, maybe you two can lay off the interns who make your presentations.” She snickered at Fury and Tony.
“Look, Steve. I should be honest with you…” Tony started. He wasn’t sure where he was headed, but he needed to be upfront with Steve about his personal life. Maybe that would finally help him sort out how to navigate his feelings.
Thanos took a moment before finally answering. “Roosevelt Island. I told Mr. Stane that an associate of mine would be picking up the weapon for safe keeping, but of course…” he began to laugh again, his whole body shaking this time, “you’re too late. The weapon is rigged for termination.”
Both Tony and Bruce waited patiently for Shuri to offer her opinion on the second iteration of the Synergy device, which had been reconstructed over the past month. The two men stood a bit away from Shuri as she tinkered with the device at a table in Tony’s lab, humming quietly to herself as she worked.
The comment caused everyone to laugh as Tony directed everyone to enjoy the rest of the party. Steve and Tony said goodnight to Peter before he left with May and they spend the rest of the night relaxing and talking with their friends.
Steve nodded with amused grin as he slid his hands into his pockets. “Yep, I’ll be here when you get back.”
Fury looked down at his wristwatch and smiled. “Like a well-oiled machine.” Referring to how effectively and swiftly the simulation was playing out.
Tony lingered near the elevator as he thought about this event. It would be an absolute nightmare to put on given that the team was already swamped. But then, as he roamed around the penthouse for a bit, checked on Peter, and readied himself for bed, Tony began to think that maybe the event could serve another purpose: he could probably use it to get closer to Steve.
Tony knew he would only drag Steve down further into his misery, and Tony cared about him too much to do that to him. Especially when Steve had his whole life ahead of himself and would certainly find someone better suited for him.
“I know, Tony. I’m doing the best that I can when he asks for more details. And I know this sounds trite, but if you keep doing this great work, the board will be on your side—uh, not saying that anyone’s against you, of course.”
“You know...you can be that way with me, Steve...” Tony practically whispered. His voice was shaking a little. He was anxious that Steve might reject him again, but for some reason he felt overly confident in the moment.
Tony groaned, but he read the message anyway in an effort to distract himself from brooding over his failing dating life. As Tony read through the email his eyes grew wide over Hammer’s very detailed description of Thanos’s short tenure at Hammer Industries.
Steve ended up having a better night out than he had expected, although he finally felt exhaustion hit him a couple hours later.
Tony smiled weakly at Steve, almost turning irrepressibly red, thinking about the first time Steve had said something similar to him a while ago.
As the tension between the two loosened a little, they chatted a bit longer until their food arrived. Tony caught Pepper up on everything that had happened with him and Peter in the last year since their breakup. Eventually the conversation shifted to Project Synergy.
Tony rolled his eyes with a sigh. “Come on…really? This,” he gestured back and forth between himself and Steve, “whatever
Tony listened to the boys gush over Mr. Beck before turning his back to face Steve. “That teacher is a little strange don’t you think?” He whispered so that the boys wouldn’t overhear him.
The Synergy executive committee, which comprised of Tony, Pepper, Fury, and Obadiah, was sitting at a large table in one of the nicer conference rooms in Stark Tower. Tony was on one side of the conference table while the other three faced him directly on the other side. One of the interns had set up a continental breakfast for the committee, but Tony, uncharacteristically, had been too nervous to eat anything.
Tony sat back in his chair, a little taken aback by how assertive Pepper had been, so much so that he found it difficult to answer.
Steve stood up and instinctively pulled Tony into a hug, which was awkward from start to finish. Both lingered longer than either thought they should while also realizing quickly that that was the first time they had hugged each other in a long time.
Steve swallowed a lump in his throat as he nodded back at Tony. “It’s all right, Tony. I think I need some down time, too.”
Tony laughed as he helped Steve tug his pants off. “Oh my god, how are you this sexy trying to undress?” He teased.
Steve nodded. “But besides that one time, that’s it, Tony. I don’t want to be with Bucky. He’s like a brother to me…”
Sam shook his head quickly, motioning again for Bucky to relax, but the latter barely acknowledged him.
The group said their goodbyes before Shuri ended the call. Tony rounded the conference table but in doing so he accidentally locked eyes with Steve before the two looked away quickly.
Sam nodded before turning around with a drink. “Great presentation, Tony. And this space really worked well with the faces.”
Tony smiled at Steve’s text message before chugging the rest of his coffee. He shoved his phone into his pocket before throwing some things into his work bag, rushing out of his home office to get the elevator.
Also, while preparing the food, Tony had been grappling with himself over whether he should tell Steve about what happened after they broke up. He stopped for a second to stare at his phone which was sitting on top of the island next to the meal he had spent all morning preparing for himself and Steve.
Tony pulled over so he could try to process what just happened, too upset to drive any further. He closed his eyes and counted to himself, reminding himself that he was doing the right thing by letting Steve go.
“Uh…thanks, Shuri…” He then shook his head, trying to grin to mask his true feelings, “I’m not used to getting relationship advice from you young people.”
Steve thought with determination, turning his computer on to check emails before picking up a task that he needed to finish before lunchtime.
Tony grinned at Steve mostly to disguise how hurt he felt inside. Steve smiled back, seemingly unaware of the number he was doing on Tony’s sanity.
Bucky stared at Steve. “What, Steve? Tony and you, what? Please don’t tell me you fucked already.” He teased although his friend appeared distressed.
He propped himself up with an elbow as he looked back at Tony who had his eyes closed, still rocking his hips upward. Steve’s eyes travel down Tony’s body; he was completely mesmerized. He took his time, telling himself to take it easy, before wrapping a hand around the base of Tony’s cock again, squeezing gently. He used his other hand to rub Tony’s hip as he situated himself into a more comfortable position.
After their call from the west coast, both Tony and Pepper were sitting in the former’s office, going through some tedious company items before they heard a knock at the door. Both glanced at the other quickly, but before Tony could answer, Natasha peeked in.
As soon as they reached the main space where it appeared most people were gathered, they found groups of people dressed similarly to the woman they had met at the front. There was a huge bar counter off to the side and a small band playing in an opposite corner.
“Rogers, it might be best to start a pile of shit I’m definitely throwing out and things to keep. Maybe a pile to reassess items…” Tony was calling for Steve from the other side of the kitchen.
Tony smiled down at Peter. “Okay, then finish breakfast as you wait.” He motioned for the nine-year old to head out of the bedroom to the kitchen. Peter sighed before breaking out into a mad dash toward the kitchen.
Tony yawned as he scrolled through the data on his tablet. It had been a few days since their first simulation run through and he had barely slept. Actually, to be honest, Tony was too terrified to drift off to sleep; the painful memories associated with his recurring nightmare were too much to bear. And now all that anxiety had spilled back over into to his professional, and possibly dating life.
“I took the elevator!” Peter shouted with glee, holding up his watch which was also rigged for the nine-year old to program the private express elevator with ease.
Tony missed being with someone who cared for him deeply. He groaned once more as he banged his head up against the headboard. If only he could figure out how to function in a working relationship, maybe he could actually meet someone who would stay with him.
Natasha stepped forward as if she were about to slap Loki again which caused Loki to fidget in his chair as he continued.
“Relax, Rogers. I can carry my own bag.” Tony tried with a grin, but Steve could tell that he was most likely covering up how uncomfortable he felt.
“…Steve means a lot to me…” Tony admitted instead. There was no way he was going to tell Bucky before Steve that he was in love.
“J.A.R.V.I.S.,” Tony kept his eyes on the email, “scan this email sent to me early this morning at 4am…”
He patted Tony on the shoulder again before motioning for the group to follow him toward the vehicles.
Steve took his time slowly turning to look at Bucky. “He won’t let me get a word in whenever I try to explain…and I can’t just send him a text…I really messed up…”
“I wanted to tell you that I had a great first day before heading out.” Tony swallowed before he turned around to face Steve who was smiling. He had one hand in the front pocket of his slacks; he was leaning, looking incredibly attractive.
The device was now shuttering, but not to the point of shaking violently. Tony knew they had to do something soon before the vibranium core failed to keep the device stable.
“…the Synergy device is more than capable of replicating the materials you’ll need to diffuse it.” Fury concluded.
“I’m still not entirely sure what you’ll be doing, Steve, but this is awesome.” Sam smiled as Steve finally looked up at him. Steve wasn’t sure either, but did it matter at this point? Whatever the details ended up being, Steve would be able to participate in something bigger than himself. Helping people with his teambuilding and leadership skills from the army and his legal education would be a huge plus. Things would only get better from here on out.
Tony counted in his head, taking a deep breath; he was trying to forget about his conversation with Obadiah and instead focus on the positive aspects of his relationship with Steve; how well Steve got along with Peter; and how close they were becoming despite Tony’s worries in the beginning.
Tony made a face at Steve as he crossed his legs, perhaps reacting to how formal Steve was being. He looked away before looking back at Steve.
, Rogers. You’re fast.” Tony smirked as he felt Steve near him. To Steve, it appeared as if Tony was joking, but the joke had an unmistakable edge to it. He told himself he would need to get use to the man’s personality in order to survive working in a lab together.
Bucky nodded as he finally let go of Steve. “Well, maybe this is your chance. You guys should talk.”
Tony straightened up with a grin. “Nice try, kid. You were supposed to do that anyway.” He reached over to ruffle up Peter’s hair who groaned over Tony messing up his hair and that his bargaining proposal fell flat.
Steve winced. He had figured maybe Tony didn’t care or hadn’t noticed he was avoiding him after his conversation with Obadiah.
Meanwhile, Steve had waited to ask Tony about dinner until they were alone in the lab; he knew it was super last minute, but he was hoping Tony would say yes.
“J.A.R.V.I.S., before I forget, please set up a meeting with Riri to discuss what we’ll end up sending to the film makers for my dad’s doc.”
Tony continued to grumble as Bruce waited a bit before answering. “Hey,” he started with a shrug, “why don’t you take Steve?”
Steve moved a bit out of the way for Tony to get free. “What?” He asked, confused by Tony’s abrupt change in tone.
“Don’t worry about it, okay? It’s more hilarious than anything else.” Tony grinned before motioning toward the device on the table. Steve nodded as if he understood the sentence and the gesture.
“I guess we can divide and conquer.” Tony walked past Steve to point to the living room, “why don’t you see what’s in the living room and I’ll hang out in here. Just separate things and I’ll take a look at them when you’re done.” He patted Steve on the shoulder before returning to the box he was rifling through prior.
Pepper took a hold of his hand and lightly caressed it. “Tony, you’re just lively and expressive. Those are good traits.” She smiled.
Tony slapped his armchair, almost dropping her phone. “Pep!” He scrolled through the photos to find more information about the buyers. He looked up at her with a thoughtful expression.
Steve watched the console in front of him light up with data. Holographic images of the event unfolded along with information regarding the location of the rest of the team. He felt a hand on his forearm.
“I hope my notes are clear,” Bruce handed Steve a tablet, “but you’ll be able to figure all this out. You’re so quick with the device that I have no doubt you’ll be able to pick up assembling specs with Thor and Shuri in case of an emergency.”
Tony ran ahead to open the door to the lobby for Steve. Although he still felt weird about Bucky being so blatant back at the restaurant, Steve managed to finally smile as he watched Tony sprint to the elevator bank.
Steve took his time following Tony, attempting to take both bags, but Tony wouldn’t let him carry his.
Tony pointed toward the chip in Steve’s hand before walking around the conference table to retrieve his work bag.
“Hi.” Tony walked to the front desk as he addressed the security guard who immediately jumped at the sound of his voice.
“Oh, and, uh…,” Tony took his time turning around again as he heard Steve address him once more, “…I found these in my couch…uh…last night…”
Tony lingered before nodding again. Steve watched him rise from the bed and shed his clothes before sliding underneath the covers on the bed. Steve waited a bit before joining, rubbing Tony’s back as soon as he laid down. Tony was facing away from him, but Steve pulled him close to his body.
Without thinking twice, Tony nodded as he accepted Steve’s hand before rising from his seat. He let Steve guide him to the space designated for dancing, taking a moment before holding onto each other as they swayed to the music.
doesn’t feel right. There’s more to it than just inside help, but I can’t quite put my finger on it.” He sighed heavily once more.
“Everyone else,” Tony motioned toward the team on the screen, “I guess I’ll see you at the ceremony tomorrow.”
An audible sigh of relief permeated throughout the room before Strange further described Steve’s recovery. After some more discussion, everyone filtered out the room until only Bruce and Tony were left alone with Steve.
“There I was—just the clothes on my back—completely unaware of my surroundings. My lucky hammer was my only companion...”
Steve let go of Tony knowing that he did all he could, but it still didn’t seem to work. Tony grabbed his suitcase before rushing out the bedroom much like he had after their last argument. Steve watched Tony leave before sitting on the edge of the bed again.
“I made reservations at a restaurant not too far away on the other side of the resort…we can use one of those private cars to get around…” Steve offered as he took a step toward Tony.
Tony choked back a sob as he nodded his head. “Yep.” He felt Steve’s hand linger on his shoulder before he finally let go.
Fury stepped forward. “It was originally launched toward the end of the Second World War, created by Howard Stark and his team.” As Fury explained the origins of the story, Steve noticed that Tony looked visibly uncomfortable at the mentioning of whomever Howard Stark was.
Tony grinned as he looked downward at Steve. “…historically, I’ve done it both ways. It really depended on the person, but…” he took his time stretching himself out on top of Steve who squiggled underneath to reposition them.
“This isn’t funny, Tony. I’m worried about you…” Steve’s voice stayed the same level of quiet, never taking his eyes off Tony.
Steve nodded as he helped Peter settle in the car. “Yes, we’ll make dinner for him later when he’s done in the lab. Does that sound good?”
Steve’s body wrenched him away from his sleep. He sat up in bed, struggling to sense his surroundings as his eyes adjusted to the darkness, finally remembering that he was in a hotel room on the west coast. He shook his head before looking over toward the bed next to him, noticing right away that it was empty. He glanced upward to see that the curtains to the balcony had been drawn open, revealing a figure sitting on one of the chaise lounges near the railing. Steve ran a hand through his hair a few times before pulling the sheets off his body. He took his time swinging his legs off the bed before rising to walk over to the balcony.
