“Indeed. And also within the last day or so Lieutenant Peter Brenzaida made his way to us.”
walk around the district so you can show me your favourite places but with our engagements at Rosings it has been hard to find the time. Perhaps we should do so tomorrow.”
“Your meaning, cousin?” he enquired, cautiously.
“She would.” The tenacity with which Lydia Duplessis had asserted her devotion to her seducer had shaken him, being convinced that Wickham’s worthlessness must be as visible to the world at large as it was to him. “But her family, I suspect, would light candles to the Blessed Virgin.”
Mrs Annesley pursed her lips.
warfare at that. I never considered this before, but when I collect how far he went to join the slaughter of brother against brother in a far land, might it have been so he might better witness and so later resist the temptation to fight son against father in his own –?”
“Though I shall have to entreat you, Mrs Collins, to do the honours of the coffee pot. My hand shakes so, I dare not risk spilling coffee on your gowns. Coffee stains are of all things the hardest to remove.”
The carriage juddered to a halt. Despite Mrs Annesley’s remonstrances, Georgiana let down the window and peered out. Up ahead, at the point where the overgrown road curved out of sight round a bluff, the soldiers seemed to be engrossed in an intense discussion.
owned by your lady mother’s first husband. And you will know the
“Elizabeth, my dear. Lady Catherine would frank every letter which you might wish to send.”
One of the paint brushes had been resting on the easel. Molly picked it up, reversing it so its end formed a pointer. With it she drew rapid lines in the dust.
The Crown Prince eyed her for a moment. “May I trespass on your time a little longer?”
he knew he had the moral high ground. His sergeant looked positively green. And sheepish. The corporal, on the edge of his vision, seemed to have difficulty keeping his expression composed in accordance with regulations.
"But that isn’t her fault –”
For the first time, he saw the Surgeon-General momentarily disconcerted. “The Pretender preferred Traquair to the War Office?
“For a poor relation?” The King’s tone was thoughtful. “You surprise me, Fitzwilliam. A most valid point indeed. My sister should arrive in Gondal Town by dinner time today. Perhaps I should consult her on how long she feels it may take before she can be properly attired for so auspicious an occasion. I shall order the ball postponed, to a date to suit. But – you
“The roads will be open from Gondal Town,” Mama said. “Your Uncle and Aunt Gardiner and the children will be able to come to us for Christmastide.”
There had been a blind Fellow of St Jerome’s, so old and withered that it was rumoured he had come up to Oxford as a precocious boy in the reign of the old Queen, Gloriana of fabulous memory. He had taken a fondness for Frances, to whom had been assigned the task of daily reading. When that amusement palled, he had talked of times long ago, when the world was young.
Without waiting for a more direct order, the coachman went directly to the traces, making soothing and clicking noises to his team.
Miss Darcy acknowledged the introduction in a monosyllable as gruff as anything Lady Catherine could have produced. Any suspicion that the niece was a pale copy of the aunt, however, was immediately dispelled by seeing the pink at the tips of Miss Darcy’s ears and the way her fingers wrung in the sides of her gown. Insight hit Elizabeth. Rather than being exceedingly proud, as repute had her, Georgiana Darcy was merely exceedingly shy.
family about me for that season, what with one thing and another, and I could not bear to think of any of them missing your wedding.”
caused her eyelids to flick up. The man standing before her wore huntsman’s garb in an odd, particoloured selection of dyes, so that the fractured light breaking through the trees danced across his body to create the illusion that he was himself disembodied, almost invisible. His eyes were still changeable as water over pebbles but frost had touched that mop of dark curls and the once-translucent skin had weathered and tanned. There were faint lines around the eyes and mouth.
She drew herself up straight. Bright points of scarlet showed on her cheekbones. “I cannot say that. I can, however, say that I met no-one
Papa said, in one of those precious, disjointed moments in the library. But when Elizabeth pressed him to define his terms, he would not, turning towards the window and looking out into the garden, where the blossom under the influence of a sharp south-easterly wind was counterfeiting the snows of last month’s north-westerlies.
the degree of abstraction which the letter provoked in you suggested that you have concern – anxiety, even – for the writer.
“Since there’s no ball, girls, let’s celebrate the old-fashioned way. We’ll play games to predict who everyone’s going to marry, and have a nice, comfortable time telling ghost stories. My sapphire earrings as a prize for the best.”
of thousands. By snatching the King’s own cousin, that bandit has now declared himself in opposition to us at a time when he can only command mere hundreds, at best. Forcing him into a siege now could easily be presented as an opportunity to put down the threat posed by the so-called ‘Duke of Malham’ once and for all. Even the common soldiers sent into that maelstrom will be persuaded – at least, before they and their comrades start to die – the rescue of a noble virgin of Gondal from a masquerading bandit is a worthy cause.”
had been the inner meaning of his secret smile, when he had given Lestrade his instructions for the Pentecost fair.
Frances flinched. “A Faustian bargain. And one it seems the King did not consider: his anger and suspicion seems to have been directed at the second girl alone. But could she have had time to get a message through?”
Every crumb of comfort lost, she nodded acquiescence.
For the first time in this interview, he could found himself able to speak unconstrained. "Indeed, your grace, with your pardon, I do. A State ball – the first since Court mourning has ended, a se’nnight from now – Molly to appear as the first lady there, when both of us know our Aunt Catherine’s views on the requisite modesty of dress and adornment for –” He paused, abruptly.
She gulped, and pressed on only with a visible effort.
“I can tell you what I saw with my own eyes, ma’am, if that would help.”
The summer house looked enchanting, the wicker chairs made comfortable with cushions and bright rugs. Steam rose from the silver pot above the spirit burner. Mrs Annesley, with that firm but gentle manner of hers, told the hovering footman that no, they would serve themselves. Careless of decorum, Georgiana lent back amid the cushions and let her eye-lids droop.
“It was not the storm entirely. I have been sleeping badly of late. News came to Court weeks ago that a certain young friend of mine, a protégé of sorts, had suffered a grave misfortune in Gaaldine.”
Later. Now, we run.”
“Frankly, my dear, it would be a far shorter list if I told you who
“To my sorrow, I believe we must leave tomorrow afternoon, or the day after at the absolute latest. Hence my decision to make my tour of the park today. There has been some quite extraordinary intelligence come in from Gaaldine, and I would rather be on the spot should new orders be cut for me, than have to scramble to obey from a distance.”
The bravo looked mulish. “If this man really is a veteran of Vannstown he wouldn’t let you call.”
Darcy bit his lip and tasted blood.
At the gorge’s mouth, lantern lights danced like fireflies as the Bishop’s party passed slowly into the mouth of the gorge. Julian, who had walked the route yesterday evening, knew how dark it would be beneath the shadow of those overhanging crags, how every slight sound – water dropping, stones dislodged by carriage wheels or by goats on the crags above – would be magnified, stretching each man’s nerves to snapping point.
She repressed a shudder which she could by no means explain to her companions. They might, perhaps, take it for horror and pity at the destruction of the life of an inoffensive gentlewoman, who had loved not wisely but too well. Charlotte knew it had a deeper and far less creditable cause.
None of it happened. Clarence’s indolence was as inexorable as time itself. Without ever giving an absolute no or saying that the thing could not be, funds had not been released, letters had not been written, some crisis or other on the estate had demanded his full attention, so even thinking about other things, let alone planning them, became quite impossible. In short, he had frittered away one entire winter season and then, behold! it was planting time once more, and no-one could be Philistine enough to drag anyone away from his country estate as it started to put on its spring glories.
As if to emphasise how completely she regarded the topic as closed, she turned her back to them both, and returned to her previous occupation of sorting through her music collection to find the gavotte she had promised to send to Darcy’s sister.
He took it, broke the seal (that, too, was his cousin’s personal device) and read it through once, then again, striving to keep his face impassive. Of course, the footman would have been told to remark his demeanour and describe it.
? Are you mad? The King will have spies in every seaport, and our descriptions posted to every last one of them.”
“So, drunk to insensibility last night, was it?” The way his first c/o had dealt with recalcitrant men had awed Peter. Improbably, it seemed some of his lessons had stuck. The sarge looked almost – guilty?
He spread his hands in a gesture which conveyed such comic helplessness that Elizabeth laughed out loud.
Lizzie should have a care. The window in a woman’s life in which men saw such remarks as pert rather than shrewish was narrower than any woman imagined, at least until she discovered the hard way that window had shut behind her. But, halfway up Belmont, Harriet had no spare breath with which to impart lessons in life.
“No,” he choked.
“My lord, I had no orders –”
possessions – would also expose me to the gravest risk of discovery.”
Uncle John observed waspishly. Clouded by his partisanship of the Princess as it was, his resulting description cast a startling light on tensions at the very heart of Gaaldine.
“You’re right. Where
“Just now, as you are hearing, Father.” His Gondalian was very fluent, but his accent was guttural, foreign. “Would you credit that the King sent no fewer than
“Nasty draught in here.” The sergeant was a hard-bitten Borderer. His accent – the strongest Peter had ever heard it – conveyed an infinity of menace.
The weather did nothing to cheer her depressed spirits. She tried not to think of the palms over Elbe waterfront. She tried not to contrast the city’s ordure, running in brown streams down the cobbles, with the sun-warmed sand along which she had walked only two days ago.
“So, pray tell us your impressions of the City.”
“So you think war with Gaaldine must come?”
Heather. In the private code:
For the next four days they saw nothing of the Rosings party, though Mr Collins, from his position in the front garden, overlooking the road, was able to report in minute detail the arrival of the gentlemen on horseback, their luggage trundling behind them in a coach. Sunday came, and with it church. The Rosings party were, as a matter of course, arrayed in state in the pew of honour.
He took a pencil, the expensive English sort, and a notebook from inside his jerkin. He drew as he spoke, swift sure lines filling the page.
“You are running a grave risk, sir. From all one hears, it has become your habit of late.”
His uncle glared at him.
“I am sorry for the pain you are in, but it will start to ease as soon as Mama sets it.”
“Not just a marriage, but children. Children still to be launched respectably on the world. Children who do not deserve to risk having their lives overset so that Miss Molly Hooper, sister of the King, may get what at this particular moment she believes she desires.”
He eyed her speculatively, but she did not mistake it for a different kind of interest. This was high politics, nothing more, except that within this jungle lay her chance to avenge David and see his body given due reverence.
“I recall, now, there was a priest in Egremont, just a short, round-faced parish priest, like a thousand others up and down the land. He came up as we were setting out, and asked my blessing and then, when I had given it, looked up at me and said, ‘But you are more in need of God’s blessing than I, for I labour among friends, whereas your path encompasses the Paradise of Thieves.’ And when I asked him what he meant, and whether he had fears for my wagon train going through the gorge (for you should know, my dear boy, that rumours of bandits have been running rife for weeks) he shook his head, and said, ‘No; the real Paradise of Thieves lies at your journey’s end. The other is just a distraction on the way. But don’t be too hard on the boy when you meet him. If a man knows his father foully murdered and is too impatient to wait for the judgment seat, he may turn his feet to strange paths, and at least we can be thankful he’s not chosen the broad, broad road.’ He said it quite quietly, but I wondered if he were not a little touched, all the same, and made my leave quite abrupt. But perhaps his simplicity sees more into these matters than those of us who have grown sophisticated. I shall have him sent for; my secretary will have noted his name. I heard it but have forgot – something quite commonplace, Smith or Brown, or something of that sort.”
Longbourn was in turmoil: Mama sequestered in her room allowing only Hill to attend on her; Kitty, guilt-ridden and sulky; Mary, pompous and unbearable and Jane stuck with managing the lot of them and, until the return of the holiday party, a troop of infant Gardiners to boot. Her father had indeed gone up to Gondal Town in an effort to find Lydia, though, from what little Elizabeth could discern of his plans in this regard, this exertion seemed too dilettantish to be likely to prove effective.
Where the gardener led them, Elizabeth had no idea. Her thoughts were in an uproar, mingling anger at her own folly at coming here, at the fates who had not let them depart ten minutes earlier, embarrassment and abject misery at what Mr Darcy must think of her. That, then, turned itself back into anger than she should even care and so the cycle started anew.
“Didn’t she leave when you did?”
Charlotte flushed: an ugly, blotchy affair.
She had all but made up her mind to accept the invitation, should it come. Not even the thought of Clarence, unavoidably absent from the ball, had stopped her. After all, he would be her husband in a month and husbands in such case customarily did well, whether they knew in advance or not.
accept on Lizzie’s behalf: to do otherwise would be to put ourselves in open enmity. He may be waiting for such a thing.”
At the soldier’s feet was a battered, dazed man, his face puffed with privation, his lips black and cracked. Darcy dropped to his knees beside him; someone handed him a flask, and he dripped water between the man’s cracked lips. The man’s throat convulsed as he swallowed.
She had not intended to evade Jane, only her other sisters, and on spotting that fair head bent over a bundle of sewing, alone in the smaller front parlour, she stole in and laid a hand on her arm. As Jane lifted her head, Elizabeth put a finger to her lips, then moved to close the door.
Next morning, Elizabeth and Mrs Gardiner felt that they should exert themselves to call on Miss Darcy. The latter’s extraordinary civility in calling on them on the very day of her own arrival at Pemberley could never be equalled, but they could surely do their best.
Charles inhaled, hoping it would lend him fortitude. “But it’s the most charming place. Everything a single man like me could wish for. I daresay there’s nothing wrong with the furnishings a little fresh air and polish can’t cure in a trice. Isn’t that so, Caroline?”
“You spotted that, did you? A minor peculiarity, but very suggestive. Do you know anything of fishing?”
Darcy looked very steadily at her. “Trust me. There is no price that is not worth paying in order to see my sister safely out of harm’s way.”
haven’t seen the full parure. These –” She held up the ear-bobs. ”They’re a very clever counterfeit. And if you saw them on their own, you’d probably be fooled, especially by candle-light. It’s only when you see them next to the real diamonds –”
His stomach lurched. His hand was on a lever which would move nations.
He shook his head and put off the problem to a more convenient season. His groping hand closed around the roll of drawings and he grunted in satisfaction. Enough sunlight streaked down the companionway for him to decipher the drawings, just. He set aside
The stranger reached inside his miscellaneous garments and pulled out a flask.
She coughed. “May I have your receipt for curing the bumblefoot, ma’am? I collect Charlotte requested it in her last, and I omitted to send it. No doubt this is why she writes again so soon.”
“I should, since I contrived it.” His throat felt very dry. “That is; by this day fortnight he is to present himself at Fort Whitburn, there to take up a lieutenancy in my cousin’s regiment. He seduced the sis– the daughter of a family in whom I take a friendly interest. A lieutenancy in a crack regiment was part of the price he demanded in order to induce him to marry her. ”
Julian’s head whipped round so fast it hurt.
the hand is also that of Gondal. Given the similarity between that hand and my wife’s, this could only have been written by a woman, and a gentlewoman at that.
“There! If you feel equal to the attempt, Paulson’s Hill lies a little beyond that church.”
She sat back, and gave her sunniest smile. “Horatio. Please bring us a flask of the finest Angrian. Nothing less will do for the man who stole the necklace from Crown Princess Elaine’s betrothal parure right under the nose of the Pretender of Gondal.”
we do? I do not even dare send a message to my cousins, for who can I choose as the messenger? If Giulio is false, who can we trust?”
Here he turned to Harriet, rather nervously. Assessing her to be the person who might judge whether her daughter’s suitor
The boxes had been packed before the ceremony, the wedding breakfast consumed down to the last crumb. The carriage horses stamped at the gates of Lucas Lodge. Mr Collins and Papa stood awkwardly on the front steps, all that could possibly be said having already been said twice over. Papa clearly knew it, though Mr Collins was volubly impervious.
“In any event,” he continued rather later, “its ugliness shouldn’t have come as a surprise to you. Hadn’t you seen Crown Prince Gerald’s betrothal parure before?”
Unwilled, Harriet’s hand stole out so it rested on Molly’s arm. “And if practice could achieve them, I’d be the first to urge neglect. For I think those accomplishments have not brought you happiness? In church, earlier, you spoke of loss and grief; no, it may surprise you, given what I expect you’ve heard about me, but I can listen and keep my counsel.”
“Tell her. Mama, tell Mrs Foster that it simply isn’t fair to take Lydia with her to Lake Elderno, and leave me behind.”
“I shall call Miss Duplessis. She will make sure you have all you need within reach and settle you for rest. I assure you, sir, she is the best of nurses. I have seen her work wonders among the cottagers. Then, I shall give orders you are not to be disturbed for the rest of the morning.”
“I myself have had the Mezentian Coronet broken up into its constituent stones and will be wearing the largest in my navel at tonight’s event. I am not yet sure what to do with the remainder. Perhaps I shall auction them at the party, for the benefit of the lying-in hospital. If so, Big Gertie has undertaken that her girls will display them to best advantage, to ensure the bidding runs high.”
“And was it really Lord Laureston’s skeleton behind the curtain?” Lydia demanded, eyes wide.
He rose, to find himself not, after all, alone in the chapel. A round-face, inconsequential priest had materialised from the shadows.
of the parure and replaced it with a paste imitation – she would have had no chance of escape. For the two parts of the parure were intended to be united only on the night of the ball. So what is your plan for these truly hideous adornments with which I have presented you, my dear wife?”
Since Elizabeth’s arrival at Hunsford, Lady Catherine had repeatedly spoken of her niece Molly as Mr Darcy’s destined wife, albeit not in the presence of the man in question. The scene which had so recently taken place in Charlotte’s parlour had shown Elizabeth Mr Darcy did not see himself as bound to his engagement to his cousin. Nevertheless, she had yet to know the lady’s views on the matter. Miss Hooper might not have the power to compel Mr Darcy’s affections, nor, evidently, did his family’s expectations preclude him from thinking of another wife. Nevertheless, had any whisper of recent events reached Miss Hooper, Elizabeth was in no doubt that the King’s sister could make life more than unpleasant for a woman who had had the temerity to attract the man she expected to marry her.
“There is indeed a wronged woman – a girl, in truth. Not wronged in the conventional sense but the Crown Prince and I have done her wrong, nevertheless, though it was never my intention to do so. Indeed, she may have no notion as yet that she is wronged at all.”
As soon as the Collinses were out of the house, Elizabeth unearthed from her band-box all the letters which Jane had written to her since their parting.
His cousin, having had days or weeks to reach the same conclusion, gave a small, acknowledging grunt.
If she had not been in such immediate peril, the bafflement on the face of the agog courtiers at the ill-assorted pair she named would have made her laugh out loud.
Wickham drew a deep breath. “On the older Mr Darcy’s death, which occurred when I was still at the University in Zalona, I was bequeathed from his estate an annuity of 600 thaler per annum for my lifetime, enough to sustain me while I established myself in the law. I was to be granted it on achieving my majority, then some months off. However, when that event arrived, I wrote to Mr Darcy as a matter of form, asking for clarification of certain particulars concerning my inheritance and found myself bidden to a meeting of state, with Mr Darcy and his man of business. There, I found myself lectured and upbraided, my ambitions set at naught, every instance of youthful imprudence flung into my face, and – to cut a very long story short – forced to compromise my expectations for a lump sum, very much short of their true value.”
Her niece was looking distractedly at the house. “Ma’am, have you seen Jeanette? Since we – since it happened?”
More than either Mr Darcy or Miss Bingley, though, she blamed the King. The King who, like Mr Collins, would be nobody if the law were not set against women inheriting any semblance of power. The King whose relationship with Mr Darcy had puffed the latter up with so much pride that he could not bear for his friend to be connected to a girl from a minor family of country gentry, whose grandfather was a physician and whose uncle was a country attorney.
It had not. Matters of military policy had never concerned him. Even in the days of playing toy soldiers he had grown bored with the march and counter-march which enthralled his cousins, and instead sent picked men from his leaden legions on voyages of exploration into far lands in Africa and the Indian Ocean.
The Crown Prince smiled, infuriating and knowing.
“Now then. None of that,” the older man said in the language of Gaaldine, his voice gruff but, Charlotte thought, carrying a note of warning. The young clerk looked up, muttered an apology in the same language, albeit with a strong foreign accent. A tantalising breeze chose this precise moment to spring up, sending the scattered papers whirling across the quayside and involving the two men in a frantic but somehow absurd dance to recapture them before they were blown into the harbour and lost forever.
“Brock, I shall not ride Sultan today. Saddle me Zenobia, instead. Mr Bingley has errands in Meryton and I shall accompany him. Let’s give that leg a compress and then time to rest.”
“So I believe. But I see no reason to doubt King Ambrosine’s belief – evident from his actions – that the second girl was also compromised. But she or her brother must have told the King of their concerns, and that shows no small degree of courage. Or of integrity. It is never easy to bring bad news to kings, especially bad news which includes a confession of fault. Though King Ambrosine mellowed in his latter days, I do not fancy he would have been minded to show mercy, not on that topic, not at that time. My wife, should she hope to take the throne of Gondal, will need to know who among the high nobility can be trusted to put integrity above interest. Here we have a fire-tested example of that very thing. And, piquing my curiosity to a high degree, the brother is mentioned in John’s niece’s letter and by no means in a good light.”
“I don’t doubt it; you would hardly have kept him so close about you otherwise. Does he have a place?”
Mr Darcy remarked, with an air of casualness Elizabeth thought not wholly natural, “Among the party arriving tomorrow are some who will claim an acquaintance with you—Mr. Bingley and his sister. But there is also one other person in the party who more particularly wishes to be known to you. Will you allow me, or do I ask too much, to introduce my sister to your acquaintance during your stay at Lambton?”
“It seems Mrs Collins is invited in the character of Lizzie’s chaperone. Is that better, one wonders, than being invited in her own right?”
The first views of Pemberley were delightful. It was a large, handsome stone building, standing well on rising ground, and backed by a ridge of high woody hills. Before it, a stream had been artfully dammed and weired to swell into a small lake, having all the appearance of nature. On their application to the housekeeper they were readily admitted and shown through a succession of rooms: grand and well-furnished indeed, but displaying far more real taste than Rosings’ stately apartments.
’s owner, was standing beside the artist: judging from the excitable hand swoops, not in silence, either.
Her heart opened in sympathy.
Their eyes met in perfect understanding.
“Indeed?” If this were flattery, Elizabeth found she could endure it with surprising fortitude. “Why so?”
Even back then, Harriet had enough self-knowledge to understand she could never have a last-drop-of-blood love for any man. Still, Clarence Duplessis had never struck her as the passionate sort, either. It was his dry wit and reserve, in a Court not noted for either, which had attracted her in the first place. She told herself that she and Clarence Duplessis could easily achieve the sort of easy companionship that Papa described. What she had not expected was for his cool detachment to be applied to their children, even to Lizzie, his favourite. When Jane and Lizzie had had the scarlet fever, Harriet had sat up with them night after night, while Clarence barricaded himself into his library. She had realised then what underlay his coolness. It was fear.
It had not yet been half a year, but it felt like an age. All that remained was confused impression upon confused impression, filtered through her position as the lowest-ranking member of the party save for the servants, hardly able to call either her time or her preferences her own. Diana had hated the music, she remembered. Those wailing cadences and use of minor keys had set off a spiralling whirl of melancholy within the other girl which had inevitably ended – if it did not begin – in an outburst of violent anger. In the end, it had been easiest to avoid the music altogether.
“I assure you, I was hard put to it to convince my aunt of the necessity of this stratagem. But I am Mary Arba for the purposes of this visit. I opened my Bible and shut my eyes, stabbed down with my finger and lo! My
The departure of the two young men from Rosings threw Lady Catherine back on her own resources. These being scanty, the Hunsford party was more than ever in demand to remedy the lack. Even the superlative dullness of the evening parties at Rosings proved a kind of relief to Elizabeth; her reflections when left to herself were of a most agitating and depressing kind. She almost dreaded her reunion with Jane, burdened as she was with so much she would have to conceal and so much that would surprise and distress her.
The ghost laughed.
“I don’t care. When I received your message I had to come.” Miss Hooper’s lips were tight and Harriet sensed she was very close to tears. Automatically, she reached into the recesses of her own cloak and pulled out her flask, holding it out to the younger woman.
“Dear me. My – the lady gets no better at cards, does she?”
A wave of something akin to relief washed over him.
Mama puffed up. “Bumblefoot! Aye, you may have it, but be sure to let her know I have not had need of it this many a long year. Depend upon it, she will be allowing her fowl-houses to become too damp. She should ensure they are properly aired out the first dry spell she gets, and have words with a carpenter about lifting the laying pens off the floor. And make sure the floor is as smooth as can be contrived.”
"I too – But no matter. The Crown Prince’s death was sudden –”
She waited.
Mrs Gardiner smiled at her cousin. “Harriet, how opportune. I have been regaling Lizzie with tales of the water-sprites and kelpies of the lake-country of north-west Gondal. I hoped to whet her appetite for the place. Mr Gardiner and I propose a tour there in the summer, and, if you can spare her and Lizzie has no dislike for the plan, we should very much like her to make one of the party.”
“Being as,” Acting-Sergeant Vaughan added, "the two ladies who had taken it into their heads to get out of the carriage to go sketching while we cleared the way, bolted just the wrong way when the ambush started, and ran straight into two of his Grace the Duke’s –”
“I am indeed. I know your good sense, Lizzie, and I am confident you will apply it. But now I shall leave you to say your farewells to Jane.”
The master of Pemberley gestured towards the bandage on his head. “Mrs Reynolds tells me that was a serious injury you suffered, so I shall try not to keep you from rest too long. Also, you may not be quite aware of how long you spent in captivity? Your party left Pemberley on the 9th of last month; that is, rather more than three weeks ago.”
“My name is Peter Brenzaida.” His hand reached up and grasped Darcy’s wrist with unexpected strength. “I am – I was the officer guarding Georgiana Darcy. I have escaped my captors and need to bring news of her to her family. Tell me, Which direction is Pemberley?”
The steps that had taken to this cold, dark place were blurred, inconsequential. He had stood up in some elegantly appointed chamber in the Palace and shouted. Even the King, he dimly recollected, had recoiled.
“Why should you be? You do right to mourn, not just as a son but as a citizen of Gondal. The Duke was a great statesman, a shrewd and just magistrate, and a most uncommonly accurate judge of character. I still recall his calling me ‘a capering mountebank’ on one memorable occasion. It stung at the time, but, with the benefit of some years hindsight, I am forced to conclude he may have had the right of it. On that specific occasion, at least.”
His brows narrowed. “My sister is the richest heiress in Gondal. She is also my sister. Who would be fool enough
A deep voice rang out. “Do not trouble my attendants within; they are elderly men, worn out from decades of devotions. Do with me as you will, but spare them. They have nothing worth your taking: their riches lie in heaven, and are stored up there beyond the reach of thieves.”
From his expression, Harriet had known he was remembering Mama, and the terrible last weeks of her illness.
of enemy territory.) And his head hurt.
“I know who report has them be.” The Bishop paused. “The Crown Prince of Gaaldine, and a pretender to his brother’s throne, a bastard begot by Mycroft I.”
Anyway, he’d had a bad feeling about this mission from the start, and the better the food and beer were now they’d reached their objective (and they weren’t being stinted, either, credit to the Pemberley kitchens) the worse his feeling got. Further, while he and Sarge had a proper professional detestation of each other, he had to admit that Sarge had an equally proper and even more professional detestation of the wet-behind-the-ears pathetic excuse of a Rupert with which the brass at HQ had landed them with this time. Which made his bad feeling practically official.
they sought to reassure her.
Her suspicion that Lady Catherine was not in the mood to render confidence for confidence was amply borne out by her ladyship’s next remark, which was
The weather continuing clear and dry, though the nip of frost tingled fingers and toes, Elizabeth and Mrs Gardiner were taking a turn about the grounds of Longbourn.
“My ‘ownership’ would be the merest sham: my brother intends to manage the old Duke’s lands through me as a figurehead and through them buy the loyalty of whomsoever his glance falls upon as my husband.”
Friendly ease enveloped her, like a winter cloak on a frosty night. “Not a syllable.”
“At least, that she is by virtue of the fact one remove distant from James of Gondal.”
That day dawned bright and clear. Elizabeth looked forward to a walk through the woods which they had admired yesterday, before returning to the inn to dress for a late dinner at Pemberley. However, while she and her aunt and uncle were still at breakfast, a messenger arrived bearing two letters from her sister, on one of which was marked that it had been missent elsewhere. Elizabeth was not surprised at it, as Jane had written the direction remarkably sloppily.
In the privacy of the garden, she stamped her foot. Return home, now? The very thing that, should Wickham hear of it, would cement him in his view that Lydia had no-one to stand up for her or fight for her interests?
With nothing of the panache of his counterfeit the real Bishop emerged arthritically from the carriage. Before Julian could collect his wits enough to take his arm, the Bishop was standing beside him, blinking up at him from rheumy, familiar, old eyes.
“And was anything like that sent down from the kitchens to the –” He looked over his shoulder at the barn. ”To your bivouac?”
“So, Musgrave, are you planning to take me in? Good business, that, I grant you. In Gondal Town, the King’s reward would buy you out of the Army, free and clear, and leave enough over to buy that village tavern you always talked of.”
“Mrs Younge, my patience is not infinite. However, it is not
“I don’t think you do,” Elizabeth snapped, before she could restrain herself. "I’ve thought of forty ways in which she could have be captured, imprisoned, tortured by the Beast of Gondal –”
procedure? It leads one to wonder how many of the famous jewels of Gondalian high society cannot bear daylight and have to be brought out, if at all, by candlelight.”
news or could be. Depend on it, they’ll have someone checking
“Lay her in the Royal vaults,” Queen Felicia declared peremptorily, as, with much priestly flannel, the fourteenth such objection was made.
They would start small, as a general sends scouts into debatable lands. Just Clarence and herself, alone together for the first time in goodness knew how many years, and a few blissful winter weeks in Gondal Town.
Two hours later, lying amid the dry rocks on the thin, friable soil of the hillside, the sharp scent of sage and thyme rising to his nostrils, his heart thudding loud enough to be heard in the night, and a sour taste in his mouth, Julian thought he should have added rather more to that prayer.
The little priest looked solemn. “By a wise man, it seems. The Betrothal Parure – the necklace from which is on the road to Gondal Town at this very moment, and the ear-bobs from which were given to Miss Hooper by her guardian on her twenty-first birthday – comprises the finest diamonds the late Prince Gerald could procure. As with all such devilish baits, a tale of blood and crime is attached to every single one of the principal stones.”
So this was what it came to, in the end, for ladies of small fortune. Worse even than being sold into the seraglios of the Sultan or of his pashas. At least in that case one would have sisters in misfortune.
“The world knows that on Crown Prince Gerald’s death my aunt remarried beneath her and so was expelled from Court circles and disowned by my family.”
“They are leaving. They will have gone already. The whole Netherfield party has returned to Gondal Town. Caroline writes that they do not expect to return again until the spring. Perhaps never. He’s gone, Lizzie. Gone forever.”
“Miss Duplessis, how are you feeling? Your cousin told me you were unwell, and I could not rest without finding whether you were feeling better.”
What was more, for all Jane and Lizzie’s disapproving looks, Harriet took Lydia’s point. A girl’s time to shine was all too brief. One winter’s cancelled balls might mean the difference between prosperous marriage or starveling spinsterhood. Nor would King Ambrosine have expected any girl Lydia’s age to make such a sacrifice. On that point, she knew herself on certain ground.
Indeed, there was no time for digressions. The candle on the
“Only if we can suppose his godfather to have given him his regiment as a christening present.” Lizzie smiled sidelong at Charlotte.
match when they had had the chance.
His upwards glance had not been lost on his cousin. He swivelled round on his chair and gestured towards the portrait. “Mother and daughter; such a speaking resemblance, would you not say?”
“Of course, my dear. Let me arrange it above your head. Yes. There. How pretty it looks with those bright pink ribbons, especially against the darkness of the thicket. Your brother chose his gift to you well, my dear. How elegant you look.”
The lovers made their escape only just in time. Moments later the doors to the parlour were thrown wide and their visitor entered.
“Oh, is this not sublime!” Charlotte exclaimed.
Darcy cut him short. “All that and more. Malham, your message referred to
turn her into nothing, except she consent. Elizabeth, accept it. Your daughter’s hand rests on a fulcrum by which she intends to shift worlds and time. And she pushes hard, and in the right direction.”
She came to an uncertain halt.
He had not.
“Sir. Your business?”
He stood towards Frances as a sergeant-major stood towards the the most shivering-shy junior officer ever arriving at barracks with the ink on his commission barely dry and an entire peck of plums in his stammering mouth. Nonetheless, King’s Regulations and the time-honoured customs of the Army governed every last breath of the relationship between sergeant and officer, however wet behind the ears the latter might be. Nothing in either of them had anything to say about a problem like Frances.
Her uncle wrote that Colonel Forster, to whom he had applied for intelligence, had been unable to provide anything of use. It was certain that Wickham had no near relations living, and he seemed equally bereft of friends, whether within the regiment or those who had known him before. Worse, his finances were truly bad. It appeared he had left gaming debts behind him to a very considerable amount. Colonel Forster believed that more than a thousand thaler would be necessary to clear his expenses at Lake Elderno. He owed a good deal in town, but his debts of honour were still more formidable.
Captain Lennox, prudently, decided to leave that remark where his colonel had dropped it.
But the dead Queen –
Small wonder that she found herself turning more and more to the church. A woman about to embark on one of the most perilous experiences of her life could surely not be blamed for attending more rigorously to her spiritual health? Hunsford’s ascetic, scholarly priest unbent to show her a tepid, distant kindness which she cherished the more because it was so vastly removed from William’s alternating transports and chidings and Lady Catherine’s endless exhortations. She came to rely on his distant, perceptive comments of a morning. They gave her a morsel of hope that the next day had something in it to look forward to.
“When you announced the ball and requested I wear the betrothal parure for it, I sent orders and received them back from the jewellers on the day of the ball. I saw them myself and handed them to my maid for safekeeping until I changed. I would have put them into my ears had they not been stolen from me. What possible grounds have you for making this accusation?”
They were, indeed, away in the dawn, walking through the quiet, dew-soaked lanes and talking as if nothing – neither Charlotte’s marriage, nor Mr Darcy’s unexpected proposal (which she still kept from her friend) – had ever come between them.
Elizabeth affected a disinterested air. “For the first time she has her own home, cows and poultry. Can you wonder she is eager to share her impressions?”
“Don’t worry,” she whispered into her sister’s hair. “There is no real risk. I shall stay tonight at Bessie Walnut’s. I shall catch the coach from there early tomorrow, where no-one from Meryton will see me board and be with our aunt and uncle long before nightfall.”
The little doctor smartly knocked the salmon on the head, whipped out a knife from inside his coat, ripped through its belly, and emptied its entrails into the stream, doubtless for the profit of its ever-loving family and in view of the chance of capturing a bigger fish in the same spot three years from now. Trooper Musgrave, who had once spent a drunken evening around their mess fire hearing Trooper Ferris discoursing on ‘metaphor’, shivered through every nerve.
She nodded assent, and he dropped to one knee.
The King received him in the same room as before. Unmitigated black. That described the King’s garb and his expression, both. There was an officer standing off to one side; not restrained in irons but plainly under arrest, notwithstanding. The King gestured to him as Darcy entered.
“And another thing. My husband and I speak as one in this matter.” That came with another of Charlotte’s awkward, blotchy flushes. Elizabeth’s insides clenched in sympathetic embarrassment.
“Fifty for one?” The scale of the military problem was inconceivable. And he had caused it.
The King uttered his orders: the two to be brought to him at once, severally, no hint dropped as to why; held separate in different rooms until he called them before him; treated with all honour, but left in no doubt as to the serious nature of what was afoot.
Although he was already reaching for the bell, John looked up quizzically. “A niece crossed in love and her sister distracted? Hardly your usual mystery.”
She suppressed her sigh. Merry and bright, the Mistress of the Wardrobe had always told them, that’s what the Queen needs to see about her. And, if one’s spirit quailed, there was always ratafia and faking it.
“Sir. The camp below us is, as you remarked, bubbling to the boil, and, if we are not careful, could shortly boil over into outright strife. But the men have had feasts before; the men have had games. Why this outcome now?”
Charlotte ducked her head, and confessed herself happy.
Eight years ago, when she had been Charis’s age, the gulf between sixteen and eighteen had loomed large. Now, it was nothing. She looked across the ballroom, at the handful of ladies sitting out, and recalled Oversbank dances and similar galleries of disappointed hopes. It was not age, nor looks, nor animation that made the difference between sheep and the goats. Attention was a coin spent by young gallants with as much or greater care than they spent the contents of their purse. She could feel her own worth increasing minute by minute in the eyes of the passing courtiers the longer she spent closeted with the Crown Prince. Attention and admiration, that was the key to it.
“You must, of course, be aware my father’s youngest sister became Crown Prince Gerald’s second wife. What you may be unaware of, however, is how materially that changed the whole family’s fortunes. Her father – my grandfather – was elevated to the rank of Earl and, especially when his daughter gave birth to Prince James, loaded with land grants and other favours. As the elder sisters of a Crown Princess and the daughters of an Earl, my aunts Anne and Catherine were, of course, much sought after in marriage. Lady Catherine married Sir Lewis de Bourgh and a little later Lady Anne married Mr Darcy. The sisters were very different in temperament. Lady Anne delighted in the countryside and spent very little time at Court after her marriage, whereas Lady Catherine and Sir Lewis were prominent among the Crown Prince’s set. They say the entertainments at Rosings in those days were among the wonders of the three kingdoms.”
Her voice sounded dispassionate, but her knuckles, white from the ferocity with which she gripped the brush-handle, told a different story. But why should she conceal her emotions? If Jane ruled a kingdom and someone, anyone, however good their claim, threatened her throne, Elizabeth would not be so restrained.
No matter. He pasted his most winning smile on his face, and extended his arm to his wife.
“Fire!”
you be married on the morrow, we’d most like be up at the villa already, making sure you was worldly wise enough.”
“So. That is how the Pretender of Gondal does it, does he?”
The bodies of the seven armsmen and two attendant ladies who had perished in the attack on the Princess’s wedding party had been brought home and solemnly interred in the Cathedral of SS Geraldine and Augusta. After the ceremony, Colonel Fitzwilliam had heard a first-hand account of the action from one of the survivors. The thought of plump, puppyish Lady Agnes caught up in that bloody horror made him want to retch.
More than once in the days after receiving one of Uncle John’s letters she had braved Papa’s disapproval (never extended as seriously in her direction as in that of her sisters or Mama) to enter the library, and study maps and histories. More than once Papa, intrigued despite himself by the unusual direction of his favourite daughter’s studies, had pointed out volumes of interest, or expounded on matters which were ancient history to Elizabeth, but to which Papa’s account gave the freshness of recent disappointments. While she never alluded to Uncle John, for fear of being drawn into dangerous waters, she collected from Papa’s account that the estrangement between him and his wife’s brother after Crown Princess Felicia had agreed to marry her cousin Ambrosine had been gentle, unaccompanied by remonstrations or oaths, but conclusive, nonetheless.
Her hand snaked out and grabbed his wrist. “No. All the ladies are dressing.
The Crown Prince inclined his head in acknowledgement. “I do. I gave it away, many years ago, to a little girl so fiercely loyal to her own that she was willing to go into Hell to protect her pet dog. Given the passage of time, I imagine the dog is no longer with us but I have no doubt the loyalty remains. Towards whom, though, is it extended now?”
"But –” Elizabeth began, and then she saw. The lady in front of her had been the late Queen’s spymistress. Under her direction the Queen had been given eyes and ears in most of the great households of the Kingdom.
She bundled heavy folds around her, concealing stays and shift, and opened the door.
“My brother states he writes only for my eyes. I must think on what he says. I shall walk in the grounds for a little.”
“And your uncles? Does
right. The boy – David Hebron – was raised quietly, in the countryside, ignorant of his connections. However, it appears he made regular vists to the Abbey of Norburyness.”
Gently as it might be expressed, it was a dismissal, albeit a very welcome one. As Elizabeth wandered along the quays and across the sunlit squares of the little town, she amused herself by reflecting on the capriciousness rank lent its possessors: first for Molly to insist on having a companion for her sketching expedition, secondly that the companion must be Elizabeth rather than Charlotte and then finally to pack Elizabeth off to her own devices as soon as they arrived. A thought struck her and she laughed out loud.
If nothing went wrong. If nothing else went wrong.
“No time, man. Shoes, cloak, sword, cash. Don’t worry about your jewels: I’ve already secured those, it’s a wonder you’ve not been robbed blind before now, the way you leave things lying about. Pity about the books, but all but the Boccacio are replaceable. Take it, if you must. But we have minutes, Malham: less, even, so grab what you need, and go.”
“And his killer? What became of him? Tell me the truth.”
“Can we stop pretending, ma’am? No – I’ll grant you don’t know who our high-placed traitor is, but you’ve given me first-class intelligence regarding them, nonetheless. And you must know, I’ll see it to the right home to follow up on it.”
“I could come with you?”
“Go down to the road. I shall be with you shortly. And rest easy, man: there’s to be no killing of priests, no plundering of holy relics or communion vessels, and, as for the Bishop, let us handle him as gently as a babe in arms. Tell the men so.”
“Elizabeth? What –?”
“My lord!” One of the searching soldiers scurried over. “Look!”
“Would that name be Wickham?”
Darcy raised his eyebrows. “You’ve been away on the north-western marches too long. Did news of Sir Ronald Traquair’s marriage to Lady Agnes Campbell not reach you there?”
The King looked neither to left nor right, as the courtiers bowed or curtseyed at his passing. He stalked straight to where Molly was sitting amid a gaggle of court ladies around a low table. He was not a tall man, but he loomed over her nonetheless.
At the last, she found this thought unbearable
Unbidden, Elizabeth’s hand went up to deflect her aunt, who had risen from her seat in the dark corners of the parlour. Mrs Gardiner sat down again, words of calm and comfort dying on her lips.
The apothecary pursued his lips. “I do not advise you to think of stirring far until we can be quite sure you have taken no internal hurts. Perhaps by the end of the week? The lady of the house told me I must make it clear to you that you need not the smallest scruple in staying as long as you choose, until you are quite well enough to risk travelling without undoing the good work of your recovery.”
At which moment a shattering fusillade of knocking sounded on the front door.
Melancholy as it was to know Charlotte bound to such a companion for as long as they both should live, it was still a relief to think of Mr Collins dwindled into an innocuous cousin, resident almost twenty leagues away.
The messenger had come to Netherfield as they sat at breakfast. Ever since, Charles had been on edge, acutely aware that this was unfamiliar territory and so the chances of his making an utter fool of himself were even greater than normal. The last thing he wanted was a witness to whatever idiocy he might be about to perpetrate.
“Well, for the moment,
“And did the King and Queen see your aunt’s remarriage in the same light?”
Julian permitted himself a grim smile.
“Bollocks – as my late sister the Queen used to say when Alwent came out with something more than commonly asinine. Any woman possessing a modicum of horse-sense would have refused the suit of James Moran. Quite apart from his preferring men in bed, he was a brute, a bully and a boor.”
the King. If I attend not to the defence of my realm, I am nothing. And your daughter, I think, knows that.”
“Come, my dear.”
“McAllister’s party are secuing the rear. I pity the Bishop, if his party elects to retreat. That’s a good man, and a steady one, but his women-folk –”
start to happen. You’d better have your salves and eye-charts packed. There’s going to be fairs and markets all along the borders as the days lengthen. Cattle raids galore, too, as they get sent up for spring pasture. One could hardly have a better time for stirring trouble.”
Elizabeth looked from the work to the artist, and back again. Her skill at drawing was no better than average, even for Meryton, but she had always loved looking at paintings, teasing out inner meanings behind their composition or letting them inspire wild flights of fancy to amuse Jane. The meaning behind this one unrolled as plainly as if written in red, in letters a foot high.
Ahead of them the sun blazed off the gilded canopy of the King’s barge, making them blink and screw up their eyes, despite all hat and canopy could do to shade them. A small figure, looking self-important even at this distance, was ceremoniously handed aboard; the trumpeters sounded, the musicians struck up, various liveried servants cast off, the bargemen’s oars hit the water as one and the ponderous parade of barges began to make their way upstream.
on the point of feeling pity for Mr Darcy, who must have suffered like intrusions into his private affairs since before he was out of skirts.
Two beetle-like figures moved cautiously forwards from the leading carriage to the stricken wagon. They had almost reached it when each jerked backwards, and fell, kicking legs and struggling to rise. Julian reminded himself to commend his archers. Inflicting disabling but non-fatal wounds by moonlight at that distance was no mean achievement.
Her still raw heart cried out into the void.
“Go and put your head under the pump in the stable yard,” Jonathan commanded. “And drag a comb through your hair. We’ll have an extra place set by the time you get back, provided you’re fit to eat at a decent table.”
“But surely,” Elizabeth exclaimed, “the law could not allow such a travesty?”
She numbered on her fingers as she spoke. “Giulio and Jeanette, my confidential servants. My three cousins. You. Your daughter, and her friend Charlotte. Those two we met in the church.”
“Now, here’s the two thalers we promised to give you for delivering the letter. Since we were overheard I don’t think you’ve got much hope of hiding them, though good luck to you if you bring it off. So this
“You were
“The night is as warm as you can expect, so late in the evening.”
One was not, of course, supposed to introduce a topic of conversation to the King. With family, however, perhaps some leniency might be permitted. After some stiff moments, Darcy hazarded,
The other man made a slight, silencing gesture with his hand. Giulio swallowed, hard.
Meditatively, the boy reached across the table and helped himself to a honey-and-almond cake. He munched it slowly, and spoke only once it had been devoured.
If he got out of this alive, the Crown Prince’s master-at-arms was going to kill him. Then the Crown Prince, whenever that slippery bastard showed up again, would treat the remains to his most polished sarcasm.
“This is the line of the river, and here are the bluffs either side of it. These two lines here are the bridge; there’s a ‘V’ built out at the midpoint on the downstream side, look. I was here.”
Treason.
That was when she had wriggled her small body into cover in the bushes, hoping no-one would find her until the party was over, praying she would not have to see any more of the guests mocking the Lucas family’s pretensions and inadequacies.
“Well. Indeed, if the latest reports I have of her are correct, better than well.”
have been?”
And so on until King James’s accession put all such matters out of the question. Yet now, it seemed, Clarence had arrogated to himself the credit of being the bulwark of the family against the dangerous impulses of his frivolous, reckless wife. Each little barb, sardonic aside or meaningful lift of an eyebrow in Lizzie’s direction should Harriet chance to mention the Court balls of her youth told her as much.
“You look hot. Let me pour you a cup of ratafia. It is most immensely refreshing, is it not? Not just the ratafia, but the river – and the greenery. I have missed so much of the most delightful months of the year by my duty at Court, so this party is trebly pleasant. Will your estates in the north claim you, now your business is over? I can see the attraction, but there will be much mourning if you are forced to miss the State Ball which – but do not tell anyone else, please, not before the formal announcement – is now fixed for this coming Tuesday.”
“You speak the purest infamy. A man who would countenance such an act would not be God’s anointed. The whole of Christendom would set their face against the realm he ruled. But that makes spreading such a lie of the greatest advantage to Gaaldine. Either way, one has a gross falsehood, a
“Miss Lucas! Miss Duplessis and Miss Elizabeth!” Mrs Long’s voice was unmistakable. “And Miss Lydia,” she added by way of afterthought and to no effect whatsoever. Lydia was exclaiming after gold epaulettes again, paying no attention to anything female.
The other man gave a quick, awkward bow, and vanished. Julian raised the crudely wrought goblet to his lips, and took a swallow of thin red wine. He was back in the library at home, long ago, on that day when Papa had steered his pudgy infant finger across the great map unrolled across the table.
“The Crown Prince has not wronged me, nor is the situation anything at all like whatever the Court speculates about.” With momentary bitterness, Frances added, “It would be delightful if things were that
“We live amid a network of spies, both voluntary and paid. Our every move is witnessed. Spies permeate the highest levels of our councils.
Harriet took the paper her husband held out to her and pored over it, squinting a little and wondering, yet again, whether the time had come for her to consider eyeglasses, at least for strictly private use. It did not help that Mr Collins affected a crabbed, secretarial script and never chose a good Gondalian word where a bad Greek one would do.
He tells the story well, but Darcy has heard it before – read it, indeed, in the words of the same lewd Tuscan to whom Julian had glancingly alluded. The sun is hot, and the bees buzz soporifically over the Pemberley turf. His eyes close. His attention wanders.
On that thought, he froze.
“Ma’am, I can testify to the good care I have found here myself. You and your daughters could not have been kinder.” Charles spoke with emphatic sincerity, hoping his sister might take it as her cue to refrain from ill-natured jabs. “But perhaps, ma’am if I might ask you to withdraw with my sister, to permit Mr Perry to make his examinations?”
cosy together. How few family get-togethers I have the time to indulge in these days and what a luxury they are when I may. Wine, Geoffrey, of course; cooled white wine, and some of those delightful little orange-water biscuits.”
Elizabeth raised her eyebrows, inviting more.
In the here-and-now, Trooper Musgrave crept into the shadow of a huge oak and extended his hand to grasp the landing net, holding it still until the big salmon was flapping in its meshes.
her, and by doing so destroyed her reputation.”
More, it had convinced her that the
“In vain I have struggled. It will not do. My feelings will not be repressed. You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love you.”
“An argosy?” Charlotte savoured the word in her mouth. It felt familiar and exotic at the same time, with a curious edge. Surely she had heard it before: in a song, maybe? An elusive memory beat at her brain with futile moth wings. Never mind. It would come to her in time. Such things always did.
With enormous effort, Frances and Jonathan avoided looking at each other. Neither of them doubted that the Crown Prince could do anything he set his mind to and he was no doubt making his way through the Borders with the loot, even now. But they would each have preferred certainty on the point.
to a new Queen hypothetically seating herself into uneasy power amid the aristocracy of Gondal access to the ledgers of jewellers who offered such a discreet service would be.)
“Hebron’s assassination might be taken, perhaps, as a provocative act?” she enquired. “In Gaaldine, I mean?”
Julian dropped down beside him.
Jonathan nodded. “That would be Mr Darcy of Pemberley. We’ve heard tell of him. Aye: I don’t expect he’s the sort to put up with stale mackerel. A fine thing for the fishmonger, indeed. When did that come to an end?”
, the shy young bridegroom who no doubt would be too nervous to eat, shamelessly broke character and reached for the fish platter. A wonderful meal it would have been, if Jonathan had not been so patently on edge: head on one side, listening to every sound which drifted in from the road to their place in the inn’s walled garden.
The faintest glimmer of light dawned. Castle Lestrade had fallen and James of Gondal’s enmity was ferocious, his tentacles capable of stretching across Europe. But beyond Europe? The great mercantile families of Europe spread their wings east and west, from the fur trading posts of Hudson’s Bay – he shuddered – to fabulous Cochin, and throughout the East Indies. Yes. The East Indies. Colossal fortunes could be made in those lands of spices and jewels, the kind that made a lord of Gondal look like a peasant. More, the thing in itself would be something. To see mountains high enough to support the weight of the sky; palaces of emperors roofed in gold; dense green forests, tiger-haunted; on far desert shores pick up coins dropped by armies of Alexander –
“That must be hard, for the families especially.”
that she had brought the disaster upon herself;
“Do you not find it fatiguing, ma’am, to be so thoroughly overlooked?” Caroline drawled.
Across the hearth, its grate filled with summer flowers, Mrs Annesley paused in her work. “What is it?”
She dropped a quick curtsey and turned away before Wickham could forestall her. Charlotte gave her a quick, encouraging wave and she began to cross the dance floor in her direction.
“All Gondal knows of it.
“I never talked of that to you. Sir.”
“Let us indeed talk of ransom. But I am afraid that you have mistaken the direction of the transaction. It is I who must be redeemed, and in a coin which does not tarnish, and, while infinitely precious, is also infinitely renewable. In short, I desire that you will hear my confession.”
All that, though, had changed in the course of the winter. Mauro di Sidonia, chief ropemaker to the Royal Dockyards, had arrived in state to consider whether Mrs King’s ropewalks might be entrusted with the sub-contract manufacture of some of the finer grades of cordage required aboard His Majesty’s ships.
“ ‘Our’ news?” Black clouds of suspicion rose in her mind, but Elizabeth would not name them, would not give them power over her, not until she had to. Her uncle was a veteran of Vannstown; resistance in the teeth of the inevitable was her heritage.
Discomfited, he spoke first.
“Honestly, why would
The Bishop’s guard turned, visibly in two minds about whether to send a party to retrieve the injured men or to muster a counter-attack. No foes being visible or further arrows forthcoming, four of them scurried forward under cover of a hastily-improvised truce flag and assisted the two injured men back into the shadows of the coaches.
“Old Mr Darcy was the best of men; it pains me to see what his son has done with that name. It also pains me that I – But perhaps I bore you.”
“And do you know if they have found –?” She tailed off.
The Crown Prince’s expression was that of a man who had unexpectedly encountered a hippogriff. When he spoke, there was a new note in his voice.
“In this murk, how will we ever find the ship?” Georgiana murmured to her companion. Mrs Annesley gripped her arm reassuringly.
?” Elizabeth said, astounded. If their journey had been delayed but a single day –
man do so.”
She did not turn. Her shoulders, she feared, were not yet strong enough to bear the crushing weight of memory. Straight-backed, she walked into the shuttered gloom of the inn.
“You mean you
The younger woman cowered into the corner, flapped her hands rather feebly above her head, and mouthed, “No.”
“Well, don’t dawdle, man. Bring them in at once. Now. This instant. And have James and Frank assist their people in fetching their baggage and righting the carriage.”
Maria had told her of a small inn with a garden running down to the river, respectable and clean, famed for its table, whose proprietors might be trusted to keep the confidences of her guests. Harriet penned a short note to Penelope, proposing a time for an early dinner. She did not include a warning that news of the meeting was to be shared only between the two of them. Penelope had always had an instinct for the things unsaid, even when they had both been children. Of course, her father had been a physician, too.
Pointedly, she made a business of welcoming Bingley back into the family home with an effusive display which might not have been inappropriate for a close kinsman, returned after a decade-long trip to the Indies. Her greeting to Mr Darcy was, by contrast, marked by cold and ceremonious politeness, and returned in kind.
Darcy sits bolt upright, chilled to the marrow despite the sun’s heat. What are these children playing at? What half-understood tale might they have stumbled on? (Such stories do circulate at Court, especially concerning the late Queen’s death.)
The technical skill of the drawing was outstanding, beyond that even of the few drawing masters who had, in their day, come to Meryton and left dispirited at the almost uniform lack of artistic talent possessed by the ladies of the district. True, the quality of instructor available even to a poor relation of the House of Moriarty would be far beyond that to which even the Gouldings or Laceys had a claim, but all the instruction in the world could not compensate for the want of genius in a pupil. Such genius Miss Hooper had indeed, albeit of a peculiar cast.
He eyed the men, who seemed to be in good, though not dangerously elevated, spirits. The sergeant, seeing the direction of his scrutiny, stood straight and clapped his hands.
that the confidence you are proposing to share with me is
“We will be sure to bear it in mind, ma’am.”
Harriet smiled. Why on earth should she
The nights had been endless, lying in the thickets, terrified of foes human and and animal, dreams edged with fever, and waking terrors, and the difficulty of knowing one from another. But surely there had only been two of them?
Over the flask’s mouth he looked at his rescuer; looked at him properly for the first time. He saw a tousled mop of black curls; those wide-set, extraordinary eyes; a mobile, expressive mouth, and cheekbones high and sharp as the ridged cliffs of the moors above Castle Malham. On that thought he crumpled, tears flowing unstoppable.
She flipped up her voluminous skirts and sank, emphatically, to the rock in question. Taking her cue, Georgiana sank down next to her and began to set up her easel.
“You English celebrate Gunpowder Treason Day, do you not? And you must have heard the story of how it came to be discovered?”
“You are right, of course. I have made a study of them. And yet I know less of the inwardness of the matter than Charis, whose cradle music it was. The Moriarty ancestral lands lie in the Borders and if there is one thing those songs teach us, it is that the bitterest feuds are those within a family. Charis is the Pretender’s weak spot and he knows it.”
Julian recovers. “Indeed. And for ‘I desire a covert assignation’, what better than Love-in-a-mist?”
“We have no physician in the district,” Jane said, respectful and apologetic. "And I fear Mr Perry, our apothecary, is from home tonight. His eldest daughter is very close to her lying in –”
“A carriage accident? Oh, what a shocking thing to happen. Come in, come in and sit down. You must be frozen and so shaken, too. Girls, make space on the sopha. These are our new neighbours. Kitty: find Mrs Hill and tell her to have the maids prepare the Blue Room, the Yellow Room and the Ottoman Room. And to bring brandy – and tea – and soup – and cold meats – Oh, what a poor All Souls Night you have had of it so far, but let us remedy that. What may we have the pleasure of getting for you?”
“So. You have no doubt learnt, in your studies of Quintus Fabius Maximus, nicknamed the Cunctator?”
Heralded by a rattle of keys, in due course followed a series of revelations which, unwelcome as they were, were infinitely less horrifying than the fancies which had tortured him ever since he had recovered consciousness.
She leant forward and dropped her voice, as if for fear the coachman might be able to hear, or, absurdly, their voices carry to the maid and attendant manservant in the following carriage with the luggage.
!” Without doubt she was possessed: there was no other explanation for her insistence on this point. And yet –
The cavalcade had been in motion for almost two hours, and they were still barely past Lambton, travelling due east on the way to the Great Northern Road. The officer in command of the troop had looked a trifle disconcerted when the Darcy state coach – all gilding and ornament, polished up to the nines by a troop of stable-boys – had lumbered out of the carriage-house. It had, to be fair, not had an airing since her parents’ marriage journey from the parish church in Lambton to the doors of Pemberley, drawn every step of the way by teams of their tenants, as legend had it. Still, it was plain that if Miss Georgiana Darcy, of Pemberley, was being taken to visit her cousin, the King, no meaner vehicle would do, however tedious it made their progress. Anyway, they needed the biggest coach for their luggage: it would not
Harriet had it on the excellent authority of Mrs Hill (who had met and conversed with Mrs Nicholls, the Netherfield housekeeper, while the latter was putting in lavish orders at the butcher’s against her master’s return) that Mr Bingley would be opening the season on his own estate, despite having had many flattering offers from landed proprietors across the realm.
“What happened there?”
What an utter bitch Elizabeth was. Thank God he had never been serious about his hints of marriage to her.
Treacherous tears welled up. She turned, so the girls might not see, blotted her eyes with the edge of her napkin and rang the bell for another jug of negus.
marriage) surely that must be a portent of others on the way?
"Word has it that it was not so much a duel as an assassination. And for the challenger to be preferred to Abruzzi’s command with his body barely cold –”
That calculation had beset him on the whole journey south. Had beset him since he had received Malham’s letter. Each line of it seemed written into his heart, totted and tabulated in neat double columns.
to give her her head, she will run his Court. And she will do so
His cousin smiled sweetly back at him.
They could hardly have been there a quarter of a turn when a dull, booming roar shattered the afternoon. Then another. Mrs Annesley grasped Georgiana’s wrist in an inexorable grip.
Mama sniffed, but Elizabeth detected pity and regret in the sound.
The cabin boy started to reckon on his fingers. “The gentlemen went away – it will have been a fortnight ago come Monday, I reckon.”
“You flatter me, sir. One of your wife’s
However, soon Mrs Gardiner’s exhaustion caused her to need to lean more heavily on her husband, and conversation flagged. Mr Darcy stepped forward and offered Elizabeth his own arm. Her uncle waved the two of them forward down the path, giving his wife the temporary relief of a short rest sitting on a fallen log. Now, then, was Elizabeth’s opportunity to clear up any misunderstandings with Mr Darcy.
Frances shivered.
The King spread his hands. “Why, to court, coz, of course. I intended Georgiana to make her Court debut at the State Ball, as some poor recompense for her being deprived of her debut at the proper time by reason of the late King’s – illness. It was to have been a surprise for you.”
Silently, she closed the door and leant hard against it, heart pounding, eyes wet with tears. Jane was to marry Bingley; there was no other news which could have summoned that expression of delight to Lizzie’s face.
Harriet fumed internally. Jane was in such looks tonight, and spirits, too. If his Grace Ambrosine XVII had only had the fortitude to stay alive for two months longer, tonight Jane would have been have been gracing the Longbourn Assembly. The sapphires would have been sparkling at her ears, reflecting and enhancing the peerless blue of her eyes. Most importantly, the new tenant of Netherfield Park would have been there. He must have been: the All Souls Eve ball was the highlight of the district’s autumn season. All their hopes could have already been on the high road to fulfilment. If only King Ambrosine had lived another two months.
“People commonly seek the company of their family at times such as these.” Colonel Fitzwilliam did not quite make it a question.
The Countess might be approaching her sixtieth birthday and the
Mindful, no doubt, that his interest was bound up with acquiescence, the fishmonger shook his head. After his departure, Elizabeth was at last released to go to her room and give her pent-up feelings the release of tears. So severe was the headache that this brought on that she had no difficulty in convincing Charlotte that she was quite unequal to the proposed evening’s tea-drinking at Rosings, despite Mr Collins’ fears that Lady Catherine might take this amiss, and his fussing several times along the landing, asking in a loud, nerve-jangling whisper (which she supposed was his concession to her illness) whether she was
“You have a very small park here.”
. They build them in the Adriatic, and they ply through all the three kingdoms. I understand they roll tremendously in rough weather. One of the lords of the court was forced to take passage across the straits of Otranto in one this January. It came on to blow and oh! How he suffered! Granted, he made a very good tale of it, and perhaps his sufferings may have been exaggerated
She forbore to comment on his guess. “My guardians, however, were forced to take stock. What my cousin thought at 15 he might still think when he inherited, at which point he would be a far more eligible suitor than Major Mo – than this gentleman. So I was permitted to decline the latter’s offer, though I did not think his hopes were completely extinguished. When, some few years later I discovered I had dower lands in Gaaldine, the notion of putting the border between me and any renewal of his addresses stood foremost among my reasons for deciding to reside there myself.”
Mr Darcy’s smile was like sunrise over the sea.
“Sir, you haven’t given your parole not to escape, have you sir?”
“We could not have been more unlucky,” Caroline wailed.
. I invite you to live up to it. Are you in, or out?”
“Lizzie,” her mother’s familiar voice said, “I don’t know what you think you’re playing at, but since you are here, we’d better make the best of it. Take off that ridiculous cloak and smooth your hair. You can’t go into Gondal Town looking like a hoyden who’s just tumbled off a haystack.”
Giulio’s mouth went dry. “So – does my lord have any suggestions?”
Clarence looked vaguely at the letter as if it were the first time he had seen it.
The Earl’s eyes narrowed. “
“In such cases as this, it is, I believe, the established mode to express a sense of obligation for the sentiments avowed, however unequally they may be returned. It is natural that obligation should be felt, and if I could feel gratitude, I would now thank you. But I cannot—I have never desired your good opinion, and you have certainly bestowed it most unwillingly. I am sorry to have occasioned pain to anyone. It has been most unconsciously done, however, and I hope will be of short duration. The feelings which, you tell me, have long prevented the acknowledgment of your regard, can have little difficulty in overcoming it after this explanation.”
Ever since his son’s young adjutant Captain Lennox had ridden in on a near-foundered horse with news of an ill-fed, mutinous, unpaid army on the Borders he had sensed a crisis stirring for Gondal. They had hastened to the Palace, he had spent all his credit to obtain an audience with the King which, it transpired, had been so infused with simmering tension that when they emerged a turn later both he and Captain Lennox had instinctively found themselves reaching to touch their own necks, for reassurance their heads remained in place.
“So,” Lizzie concluded, her eyes dancing despite the horrors that she had just recounted, “ended the wedding night of the Lady of Zalona.”
The artist gestured towards her easel and Elizabeth, who had a goodly store of pre-prepared phrases honed over the years to soothe the vanity of women whose self-worth outran their talent, found herself for once at a loss.
The whole scheme rolled out before him, neat as the solution to one of the problems in gunnery and siege-craft Major Horniman had posed to him as a young ensign.
He half turned, to see her aunt and uncle ambling along some distance in the rear. He waved encouragingly towards them, but Elizabeth fancied he quickened his pace a little, as if to ensure that was he was about to say was heard by the two of them alone.
“We dine with four-and-twenty-families,” Harriet had said once, defensively, to some visiting grandee from the capital who’d tried to put the district down. Four-and-twenty families! As if she did not know what a court could be. But the grandee had seen only what she had become, not what she had once been, and turned to the guest on his other side, not troubling to hide the curl of scorn on his lip.
Frances could have said a great deal on that subject, and when the boy, with his bright eyes and precocious intelligence, was out of earshot she planned to do so. She signalled with her eyebrows to Jonathan and he reached inside his jerkin.
“So you consent to our sending an express to Longbourn with Lydia’s marriage terms tonight, then?”
Colonel Fitzwilliam nodded, slowly. “And, given the King’s illness, the Earl was in no position to protest his son’s innocence directly?”
For a moment she thought her own preoccupations had summoned him up, but no, Mr Darcy of Pemberley (
From the way the boy’s eyes widened, the reward amounted to far more money than he had ever seen in his life before. He kept a protective hand over it, even as he stuttered, “But I didn’t find the lady. She’s been in Elbe all along.”
. Because of the late King’s mischance, Clarence was able to pose as a prudent father both to neighbours and family alike. Take Lizzie, for example. For all her vaunted quick understanding, Lizzie was far too inclined to take her father at face value. How did he contrive it?
She looked very steadily at him. “And, if you will forgive me, you have just given a most telling illustration of what someone can expect, should they be the object of his wrath and within his reach.”
tradition. We sent out messages to your father, you know, when we learnt the Pretender was moving against him, information we had courtesy of a merchant who is far shrewder than the common run, by way of his niece, who sees, recounts, but does not observe: of all creatures, the most valued to an intelligencer. We offered him Gaaldine’s support, but he refused. Are you going to make the same choice and let your line be extinguished? Or are you going to avenge your father and brother?”
Colonel Fitzwilliam’s expression was grim. “No trace of either man. But, of course, if either or both of them survived the fall, we cannot rule out their having crossed the border. But it leaves Princess Charis in the most equivocal position. King James will surely have a mind to his niece’s protection. But come. They will be sending out companies of soldiers to search for
resounded through her waking thoughts, and then in the night came the dreams; dreams in which she had indeed set out and the monstrous attackers rising from behind every rock had all borne Mr Wickham’s face.
Old ballad
Elizabeth caught a hiccup of stifled distress from Miss Darcy. She moved smoothly forward to the table, selecting a choice handful of cherries and, incidentally, shielding the younger woman from Miss Bingley’s scrutiny.
and the slight, industrious figure sketching on the quayside.
Four generations of Darcy brides had included bog asphodel in their bouquets. The Malham arms had featured a pomegranate since the first Duke returned from crusading in the Iberian Peninsula, a passionate, dark-eyed daughter of Granada on his arm.
Bless them, her two elder daughters had wit enough for all five. They had done this before, too: one of the haymakers who, leaping extravagantly from a wain to impress his girl, had suffered a similar injury.
“Nonetheless,” he warned, “even if Georgiana can be retrieved without it costing the public purse a cent or risking a single drop of blood, there is still going to be a war party we need to disarm. And how?”
If Lady Anthea was disconcerted, she did not show it. She linked arms with Frances.
Had Peter a sister, he would not have been happy to see her brought to the King by an armed troop, no demurral possible.
Julian’s tone was, if anything, even drier than Darcy’s. “And Fort Whitburn being in the Borders, where war is expected before winter closes the passes, should his new bride be shortly rendered a widow few will mourn?”
Harriet gritted her teeth, but made herself smile, nonetheless. “In which case, the invitation is an innocent one, and it would be grotesquely rude to our old neighbour to deny her the opportunity of doing our daughter an immense honour.”
Wonder of wonders, the contents of the flask proved to be a brandy so smooth and sophisticated that Julian could have served it to Viscount Exina, with no more comment than perhaps a discreet enquiry as to the name of his victualler.
“A connexion of Mr
Caroline leant yet further forwards. “Then, Charles, it is clear. You will have to look elsewhere for your country retreat. You cannot live somewhere where Mr Darcy is not first among your guests, yet how could you expect him to visit a place with such painful associations? The matter is settled, Mr Darcy. The idea of Netherfield Park is quite given up.”
“Write to me very often, my dear.”
“Still at his old tricks, then.”
Elizabeth had heard of Lord Lestrade from her uncle John, whose account put his lordship in no good light.
Frances set her teeth. “I am
was beginning to gutter. The night was running on, and his freight delivered, for good or ill.
“And the second thing?”
Harriet’s nails clicked in exasperation against the polished wood of her dressing table.
with child. Were I to be so, it would be an event unprecedented since the Archangel Gabriel visited Nazareth. Furthermore, whatever the Court gossips may insinuate, I am on the best of terms with the Crown Princess.”
Jonathan suppressed the urge to tell her precisely whose money was paying the charter fee for the
” After a moment Frances hazarded, “In both cases, she does not seem to be
“The King will also see it as a most particular attention. Your paying it will relieve his brotherly concerns very opportunely.”
It could only be a deflection. Elizabeth, recalling things Molly had said, saw why that might be so. They talked with great persistence of the beauties of Gondal and of the houses and sights Elizabeth had seen. This conversation lasted until they reached the flagged space before the great frontage of Pemberley house. Nonetheless, their ideas were almost exhausted by the time her aunt and uncle came into view.
John did not look up from his correspondence. She drew a deep breath.
Mycroft raised his eyes. “By the time you were her age, you were widowed, with a five year old child. Or am I mistaken on that point?”
“Ma’am. It seems we’ve been dancing around each other all day, with you down at the argosy and us looking for intelligence on the road to Hunsford. It’s past time you and me had a talk.”
He rose to his feet. His bow, this time, was to the King, not to the family connexion. James Moriarty waved a lazy hand in acknowledgement and dismissal.
He smiled, though. His wife’s cousin and her family were favourites of both Elizabeth’s parents. Jane looked up from the embroidery at which she had been working with listless diligence, and essayed a weak grin: a pale imitation of her normal spirits. At the sight, Elizabeth was forced to run upstairs to their room and compose herself, a task which took no small effort.
“Musgrave, isn’t it? Happy to see you, glad to see you kept that leg. But hush, now. I’ve a whopper on the line. If you want to help, come close and hold the landing net. If not, bugger off, but, in the name of St Nicholas, off-bugger quietly.”
His commanding officer had made clear, by every means short of absolute assertion, that had their numbers not been stretched so thin by the depredations of the bandit styling himself Duke of Malham there was no possible officer he could have chosen for this particular mission he would not have preferred to Lieutenant Peter Brenzaida.
“Molly?” Mr Darcy sounded aghast. “Have you run mad? If you are discovered here, the King will have you hauled to the Catiff’s Tower.”
Finally, and this carried the most weight with Darcy, his uncle held a seat in the King’s Council. If the King wanted to get Georgiana back by force of arms he would by the immemorial custom of Gondal have to consult the Council before putting an army in the field. True, he would not have to take their advice, but if he ignored it and things turned out badly, more than one King in Gondal’s history had lived to rue such a decision. And more than one had
“Hardly a mystery to one so skilled as you, ma’am. Ah, had you been born a boy, I do not doubt you would have proved a physician equal to your father and brother.”
This mission could not possibly end well. There were too many people who would hate him, however this fell out.
“Our uncle Gardiner has written. I took liberty of opening it, as you were sleeping, but you should read his news.”
Frances sensed a test. As at the dissection, she was acutely anxious in case she failed.
“Damn your eyes, Molly, stop talking as if you were sixty-five and had a cast in one eye.” The Earl glared at her across his desk. “With your charm, your breeding, your grace, your fortune – the young chaps have been falling over you all season. Was there no-one to your liking?”
Almost two years ago, Harriet had planned the Duplessis family’s assault on wider society, knowing it was past time to start thinking of the future. No son would spring from her exhausted loins to save the family fortunes. Longbourn, with its chalky soil, indifferent tenants and commonplace neighbours, would pass to Clarence’s dim, dusty cousin Collins, and much joy might he have of it.
As she named them the King visibly relaxed. She uttered a small gasp of relief.
Time slowed to a crawl. The girl was clutching two fine leather cases to her bosom; with a sickly sense of inevitability the Countess realised what they were.
The Betrothal Portrait shifted its quarters once more and now hung above the great entrance to the palace ballroom. A succession of frantic applications were made to the Household Office to permit a procession of young ladies, their chaperones, abigails and representatives to view the portrait and study its subtleties of drapery and accessorising. It was even rumoured that a former tiring maid of the late Queen (senior enough to have been already in Palace employ at the date of Lady Elaine’s engagement) had been spotted sketching busily away before the portrait, though on whose account none could say.
The Crown Prince considered that for a moment. “Indeed. But you will see that all reasons why it is plausible this Elizabeth should have written are equally good reasons why someone might have worked on her to write. But who can that be, that’s the question? I have asked John, and it seems his niece is some two years older than Charis.”
The death of the elder Mr Darcy allowed the two young men to avoid even the appearance of acquaintance, save only for matters of business.
Not for long. Before she had gone too many steps she pulled up short, a hand to her side, the sharp pain of a stitch blossoming beneath her breast-bone. Dark clouds gathered about her vision; she stumbled towards a fallen tree and sat, face in hands, waiting for the dizzy sensation to pass.
“Unthinkable”. What an odd word. Clearly they had all thought of it, even if three out of four had rejected it out of hand.
All Souls Night Ball at the Palace? The night the King had paused on the staircase and beckoned to the Queen’s newest lady-in-waiting with a meaning she could not mistake.
“So I have frequently thought in my dealings with this family. Pray proceed.”
Her sunny smile never faltered.
Reluctantly, but in justice to his subordinate Colonel Fitzwilliam added, “Strictly between ourselves, I am sure the characters of both the lieutenant and his bride are exactly as you have surmised, but the lady’s family are respectable and for the credit of her sisters a legal match has been patched up. I have met one of the other girls myself, a most accomplished, amusing, genteel young lady, received in the best circles. She assuredly does not deserve her sister’s faults to blight her life. But I digress. What did Mrs Wickham say, and to whom?”
“It’ll have to,” McAllister commented grimly. “I can’t see many merchants sending their goods up and down the Great North Road once the news we’ve bagged a Bishop reaches Gondal Town.”
For all the waterfall of diamonds about the bride’s neck and the swing and glitter of the matching ear-bobs beneath her coronet of chestnut hair; for all her ermine and silk brocade, she was as much a virgin sacrificed to a monster as Andromeda and without hope of a Perseus to save her at the last.
The inn’s capacious first-floor parlour commanded an excellent view of the harbour, including the
“And if there is anything we can do to assure you of those, we will do it.” She drew a deep breath. “But surely – we are arriving in Lady Catherine’s carriage. You bear the surname ‘Hooper’. Surely someone will put two and two together?”
“I do not refer to bloody noses; not even to daggers drawn in haste. Send word to treble the guard on the treasury.”
marriage. After all, what marriage could be considered clandestine if blessed by the bride’s mother and uncle?”
The Surgeon-General shook his head sadly, as if the ignorance of his companion were a personal reproach.
“I’m sorry, what did you say?”
house. Lizzie, Jane.”
His throat swelled up. It was hard forcing the words out. “I do not recall ever seeing you in Castle Malham, sir.”
She picked up the little brass bell on the table beside her and rang it, hoping her wolfish thoughts were not visible behind her smile.
None of which Darcy could possibly find of interest.
Colonel Fitzwilliam smiled. “He did not talk to me of his own arts. He only told me what I have now told you.”
“800 men at 5 thalers a head. That’s 4000 thalers to begin with. Prizes at 10 thalers, 20 thalers and 50 thalers for third, second and first respectively. I forget how many contests there were, but there cannot have been fewer than twenty. Then tonight. Wine, beer, oxen, pigs, sheep, chickens – a feast
“Who dares slander me so?”
“Not quite. She married a gentleman of long and honourable lineage and of moderate fortune. Such a man, indeed, as her own father had been, before her marriage to the Crown Prince elevated him to the ranks of the nobility. That, I believe, was what stung the most. My father and his sisters saw it as her seeking to undo the past, in such a way as to undermine the family’s position most profoundly. The wounds still run very deep, that I know. Should the day come when I seek my father’s blessing on my own engagement, I do not doubt that my unhappy Aunt Elaine’s choices will be prominent in his thoughts. It would be hard – nigh on impossible, indeed – for me to present as my intended bride a gentlewoman of modest fortune, whatever her merits, without the risk of utterly estranging my revered Papa.”
“From the very beginning—from the first moment, I may almost say—of my acquaintance with you, your manners, which impressed me with the fullest belief of your arrogance, your conceit, and your selfish disdain of the feelings of others, were such as to form the groundwork of disapproval on which succeeding events have built so immovable a dislike that I had not known you a month before I felt that you were the last man in the world whom I could ever be prevailed on to marry.”
Clarence’s voice sounded as if he could barely comprehend what he had read. Harriet, despite having had half a turn to digest the letter’s contents, sympathised.
Miss Vittoria’s winged, uplifted brows pointed the question, but Mama was shaking her head already.
From across the water, a rising or setting sun (impossible to tell which) sent low shafts of light, striking the figure of the crucified Christ suspended between the wide-spread antlers of a great stag standing at bay against the wrecked wall.
“I collect from the map my cousin showed us last night after dinner, your new home is an easy distance from the south-eastern ports?”
“Lydia has made her bed and I have four other daughters. What would you have me do, Maria? For all our sakes, we must make up the match if we can and make merry over it and what may come after – comes.”
Elizabeth shuddered. Many were the tales of those who had entered the dungeons beneath the Catiff’s Tower over the long centuries since its building. Those taken might never appear again or emerge years later, broken beyond all mending.
But even Mr Collins had not dreamt of throwing her supposed inferiority of birth or the vulgarity of her connexions in her face.
the ensign buckled and summoned a captain. The captain looked stern and efficient and summoned two sergeants.
Given that Mr Darcy had a sister in the North, given their recent upheavals with Lydia, given the lines of strain about his mouth and eyes, Harriet thought she could infer what shape the crisis had taken.
Frances dare not meet Jonathan’s eyes. He remained unperturbed.
“There is an English term: perhaps you have not heard it. For simplicity’s sake, would it hurt if I called her Charis’ great-aunt?”
The house was of ample size, built less than forty years ago in what was then the best modern style. The original inhabitants had still been living there when Clarence first brought her to Meryton: Sir Vernon Hooper, widower, and his daughter, Molly, a mousy thing, so self-effacing as to be almost invisible. Quite a little prodigy on the harpsichord, notwithstanding. Harriet could still remember the tooth-grinding ache of sitting in one of the Netherfield parlours throughout an interminable tinkling afternoon, fighting the headache and nausea of pregnancy, torn between twin desires to strangle the priggish little brat and to run screaming into the shrubbery.
“Arabella, listen! The house is on fire. You have to leave now, whatever you’re wearing.”
“And the outcome?” she enquired coldly.
“And so, Charlotte, we had to put up with all three of them for the best part of a se’ennight. Of all the boiling, Mr Bingley had the best reason for staying put. He needed to see his shoulder recovered from the abuse it had suffered and would not leave until Mr Perry assured him he was fit to travel. His friend Mr Darcy feared that one or the other of us would bewitch his friend were he to turn his back and so he
Then he turned to the small, sandy-haired figure, knowing him to be Destiny, whom no soldier could outrun or outfox. When one’s number came up, up it came and he’d had a good run at it, all things considered.
After a few professions of condolence, expressed in the most patronising and insulting of terms, her father’s cousin struck to the meat of the matter. It seemed he had taken it upon himself to inform Lady Catherine de Bough and her niece of the whole affair, which the Duplessis family had hoped to keep tight within their own family circle.
. Distant, at that. And in any event –” She sighed. ”Surely you, of all men, know that the greatest dangers can come from within one’s own family?"
“My father and my sister Maria come to visit me in March. Would you – dare I hope that you might make one of the party? It would mean a great deal to me.”
If only that unspeakable Caroline Bingley and the even more unspeakable Mr Darcy had not destroyed Jane’s happiness. Jane would never marry Bingley now. A different union would shortly be upon them, for Mr Collins would return to them in the first week of January, marry Charlotte and take her away with him to his grace-and-favour house in Hunsford, the village belonging to Lady Catherine de Bourgh’s estate, there to be pawed at by his limp-fish hands and bear his children.
family,” Georgiana corrected, mindful of her brother’s strictures that while Mrs Annesley might be an impoverished widow of a consumptive scholar, she was nevertheless their third cousin on their mother’s side and no-one, from the servants to Aunt Catherine, should be allowed to ignore her claims of birth.
“It’s no sorcery. Merely observation. Here.”
Mrs Long opened and shut her mouth like one of the ornamental carp in the great fountain at Haye-Park. At which moment a man’s voice broke in.
“You are the Crown Prince of Gaaldine? So by my being here with you, whatever lies the King has told about my family, whatever accusations of treason he has levied against our name, are now rendered truth.”
“Forgive my impertinence, ma’am. But is that a reflection on this gentleman’s personal qualities or – or a more general one, on the situation?”
Miss Hooper was looking at her, a question in her eyes. In order to distract her, Elizabeth launched into an account of the regimental ball Colonel Forster had given in honour of his new bride. For once, the follies and absurdities she described owed nothing to Lydia or Kitty, but to the near-miraculous elevation of one Mary King.
She threw her head back. “My dowry? Uncle, I know you wish only for the best for me. But look at it from my point of view. Even if I give Fitzwilliam a hundred and fifty thousand thaler outright and loan him fifty thousand more, I shall still have four times the dowry I had six months ago. And I am used to being poor, which my cousin is not. What I would have left would be wealth to me. Since I have no intention of marrying at all, my dowry will give me ample provision to live out my days quietly. The climate at Elbe suits me. I shall spend my days in painting and improving my mind with solid reading.”
The Countess glared at Arabella, but picked up her skirts and headed to the door, casting a glance both ways down the passageway. So far the fire seemed to be confined to the west wing, far from where they were, but who knew what might happen if the wind changed? And Lady Linton, who was very old, very large and convinced that they were still in the reign of Ambrosine XV, would be a formidably difficult person to have carried out even were it honourable to order footmen back into a burning building to do it.
For a moment she paused. Out of the corner of her eye she caught sight of the ponderous form of her cousin Collins making his determined way in her direction. It decided her. She dropped a quick, assenting curtsey.
“Trouble?”
“Sir. We have a mule prepared for you, one with an easy gait. My hunting lodge lies little more than an hour’s ride away. I invite you to sup with me tonight. Your entourage will not be molested, I assure you. See, the wounded are already receiving the best care we can render them.”
Charlotte caught an impression of a mobile, amused mouth, very white teeth and a mop of black curls, before the young officer bent in the deepest of bows. Her face a mask of resentment, Mrs Long dipped an answering curtsey.
She gulped, but that news, also, had already reached her, and from a source no-one could accuse of gossip.
“Left to himself, it might well come to that. But he has sisters. The younger one is yet to wed. I fancy she sees a country estate as the setting which will best display her charms.”
“I believe, Elizabeth, that as a mother you should put that point of view to Frances. And then, as one grown woman to another, accept her verdict as to whether she considers the game worth the candle.”
Though the promised Royal engagement had not transpired, the making and breaking of marriages was the quotidian fare of the Season: arson at an Earl’s townhouse, the sensational theft of one of the greatest treasures of Gondal and the villainous conduct of the King’s sister’s confidential man in contriving the entire coup were morsels rare enough to tempt the most jaded palate.
“And what of the lady herself?” the ostler asked. “Should I send word to the kitchen to send something up?”
– into a spy, and send her into hostile country. What mother would
“I am truly glad to hear your wish, and more relieved than words can tell.”
Prompt to its hour, the coach rolled up to the inn. Though its outside was full, there were only two passengers inside the coach when Elizabeth boarded: a fastidious young lawyer, his nose in a book and an old woman (so Elizabeth surmised) who was slumped in a corner seat, as well wrapped as Elizabeth and a linen square over her face. Stertorous snores rose from her: small surprise, since as Elizabeth stumbled over her out-flung leg on her way to the opposite seat she breathed in the aroma of stale brandy. The lawyer tutted, and turned over another page, the coachman called up his horses, the great wheels rolled and they were off.
He swallowed. So this was what it must be like to walk through the powder magazine of a capital ship. There was, though, one point to get clear first.
to talk about what undignified asses you and Kitty were making of yourselves with the junior officers. That is, Mr Darcy tried not to talk about it and I was forced to be humiliatingly grateful for his forbearance.”
“David.” Molly’s voice was flat and final. “He, like Tybalt, is dead. But you are wrong, sir. Loyalty does not end with death.”
He spat, eloquently, and Julian repressed a shudder. The McAllister women were, indeed, something to shudder at: granite-faced farming women, who could butcher a sheep or pig in less than half a turn, desire for revenge for their murdered sister burning like molten copper in their veins.
At length the dull wait passed. Late one summer afternoon the Gardiners’ carriage rolled up the long white road from Gondal Town. At dawn the next day, yawning and regretting their beds, Elizabeth and her aunt and uncle trundled off north on their party of pleasure.
“Free?” She wriggled within his grasp to look up at him. “No. I accept your proposal.
She collapsed onto the sopha and cried for half a turn without ceasing. Once she had emerged from her first paroxysms of reaction, though, her dominant feeling was astonishment.
inauspicious the season, and while they had been deprived of the ball, the company had come to them, all the same. Tears of relief swam in her eyes, so that the three tall, cloaked figures in the doorway blurred into dim apparitions.
catch him and my brother looking at each other, as if they shared a joke. As if my troubles with him had not been ended, but put off to a more convenient season.”
Flora’s catafalque.
“Consent? You mean your messenger’s not left
“Wait a moment,” Jane whispered. “I have ten thalers in my shell box. Take them – and oh, Lizzie, good luck. Bring Lydia back to us.”
“Until today,” Frances repeated. She looked across the ballroom to Charis, dancing with the King’s dry-stick secretary, Fullerton. She had plainly set herself the task of making him lose his composure before the set was out and looked like making good on any bets which might be riding on the outcome.
“Provision?”
alive?”
Elizabeth’s hand went to her mouth. Her first instinct was to deny the truth of everything. But she had always heard Darcy speak with the deepest affection of his sister. She could not credit that he would implicate Georgiana in something so serious simply to exonerate himself in the eyes of a woman whom he was unlikely ever to see again and for whose good opinion he could have little value.
Mrs Gardiner’s hand tightened on Elizabeth’s arm. Thus forewarned, she turned to meet her mother with a suitably composed expression.
“There is a brooding quality in her work; her landscapes breathe tragedy. It is superbly done, but I confess I was born under Thalia’s influence, not Melpomene’s. Your sketches bring balm to the spirit, and that is no small gift.”
Something ached in Julian’s chest. He raised his hand to his cheek, to find it come away wet. This was the first raid where his place sent him away from the action. The jangling bite of a sword thrust, the white-hot agony of arrow wounds, the bewildering burn of gunshot – all those horrors threatend his men below, yet he was safe up here. Blood spilt tonight would not be his blood, nor would his hands do the spilling.
She tossed her head, fighting tears of sheer hopelessness.
. Nor had he any good intelligence to share with his master. Since her arrival in Gondal Town Miss Hooper had done nothing noteworthy. She had flitted between mantua-makers, milliners, embroiderers and jewellers like a moth caught between multiple lights. Such frivolity seemed out of character, but, as Jeanette pointed out while the rest of the staff sighed their sympathetic agreement, little Miss Hooper had been a poor orphan since the age of ten. Who could blame her for revelling in being all at once the richest heiress in Gondal? No doubt she would settle, once the novelty wore off.
Over her face it was if dawn had broken: a red, bitter dawn with lowering clouds and a storm approaching fast from the East.
Her mother, normally the gentlest of women (how often she saw Mama in Jane!) had made it known that no servant of hers would use such methods on pain of summary dismissal. Her gentleness had told against her: no-one believed a word of it. Until the day came when Mama walked in upon Molly giving such an admonition to David and Julia (who would taken by typhoid before the year was out,
She nodded, her eyes shifting from side to side, trying (Molly judged) to gauge what answers would please her royal master.
His housekeeper’s voice was very steady. “If you’ll forgive my mentioning it, sir, your mother, Lady Anne, always loved the moors. And her favourite fruit was the pomegranate. I think such an arrangement would have pleased her more than anything else in the world.”
From hints Mama had dropped, Elizabeth thought such a system must have left Miss Hooper singularly ill-prepared for life at Court. She concealed her thoughts, however, and at length was permitted to retire to bed.
The walls of their room compressed her like the jaws of a vise. Elizabeth’s hands clenched into fists. Had Jane married Mr Bingley, Elizabeth too could have escaped this place. From their earliest days, they had always promised each other that whoever married first would always find a space for the other in their new home.
Papa rolled his eyes. “Ah. A little quiet cheerfulness is in store for us, I see. Perhaps I shall have the carpenters run up thicker doors and shutters for my library, so my ears are not to be deafened altogether.”
“If you disbelieve me, you could try asking Mrs Reynolds. For what, after all, is more valuable than the testimony of a trusted servant?”
He braced, straight as if on parade. The Earl had been many things in his life, and not the least part of him had been most grateful for the chance that led Crown Prince Gerald’s eye to fix upon his unhappy sister Elaine.
Mr Collins, having established the point of his indispensability, was disposed to be magnanimous.
Behind her, she could hear her niece’s voice, raised in reproof. “Arabella, you are being absurd and risking both our lives for your prudery. And for what? We are both in our underthings, what of it? If this evening had gone as planned, the ball gown you’d have been wearing to make your curtsey to the King would show
Kitty’s hand went to her mouth. “Lizzie, that was so
The corporal braced. “Sir!”
Physician or no physician, they were already fathoms deep in the shit for losing a day, or would be when they got back to barracks. Granted, it was the girl’s fault, she having taken to her bed with a sick headache, but trust the brass not to see it that way and to blame the poor bloody rankers instead. It made proper sense to find a quack to either prove the illness was genuine or expose her as a malingerer (bright lass, if so, Trooper Musgrave conceded, because the healthy air was the air one breathed as far away as possible from one’s superior officers, who in the girl’s case were the King and his creatures, whom they said swarmed like biting ants in Gondal Town and credit to the girl for spotting that.)
“And never the smallest thread to implicate Prince James.”
All knew the Borders to be a debatable land: the riding families owned no law but that of necessity. Characterising a reiver raid in the Border Lands as an incursion in force by the Gaaldinians was a cheap tactic, one which any Council member in good standing ought to protest.
“What have you heard of Lady Agnes Campbell?” Miss Vittoria’s voice was a whip-crack.
Frances cursed under her breath. Over their three-day voyage from Gaaldine, she had concluded that Arthur’s facility for grasping the wrong end of the stick was equalled only by the enthusiasm with which he shared his conclusions with all and sundry. Nevertheless, the artist could learn a lot from his flood of conversation, if she only had skill and patience to sift out the flotsam it had gathered in the kinks and bends of Arthur’s understanding.
be searched; even your closest and most personal servants cannot be trusted. The Pretender knows everyone’s levers – at least, so he likes to think. You cannot afford to be found with my token on you.”
Sally’s teeth shone very white. “Doubtless that’s true but – where did you think we were? Not
“That? Yes. Second, I would like you to help me in constructing a reply.”
“Visitors who wish to talk present their credentials at my porter’s lodge. Within daylight hours.”
The giant’s teeth flashed white in his soot-blackened face “What other prize would be worth the candle?”
“Not the slightest harm in the world. I crossed the Adriatic not three nights ago. By that time it was known that Miss Darcy had already landed on Italian shores and the Grande Contessa di Astola (the sister of her paternal grandmother: a most redoubtable dowager, famed for her piety) had received her into her house. Given the Grande Contessa’s connections, few doubt Miss Darcy will be granted a formal audience with His Holiness, after which her
put him quite beyond the pale. Thank goodness for Colonel Fitzwilliam’s indiscretion and Wickham’s confidences; they had protected her from any temptation she might otherwise have felt to accept him, despite her inherent dislike.
“Yours and that of the
Giulio shook his head. “But you already knew that, didn’t you? Just off the main route to Gondal Town there’s a little shrine, no more than half a league off the direct route. I made a diversion there – and the man who proceeded on to Charlescut Halt was about my build, wore my clothes and rode my horse. But he was not me. He did not tell me who he was. But I’ll pray for him, to the end of my days.”
“Did you not send your confidential manservant to pawn the diamond ear-bobs from
Who was she trying to fool? She knew perfectly well it would never answer. A Court presided over by King James was not somewhere one should bring
Charlotte had intended to travel with her up to that point, so they could say their farewells at the last possible moment, but she had woken with a megrim. At the sight of her greenish face and drawn brow, her friend and her husband were, for once, unanimous in their desire that she return to her bed. Their parting under such circumstances was perfuctory. Though Elizabeth formed the distinct impression that Charlotte had something she wished to confide, all that was possible was a quick pressure of the hand, and a fervent, albeit low-voiced, wish that she might be safe, both on her travels and on her coming home.
A great shout went up from the rear of the convoy. Tillotson and Greene, the most accomplished poachers for five leagues around, must have managed to sneak up on the last two coaches, wedge their wheels and slash the traces while all eyes were turned to the barrier ahead.
Mycroft looked altogether too calm.
“Forgive me for the intrusion, and for my surprising you both unannounced.”
They did not turn into one of the shabby, grandly-proportioned sitting rooms on the ground floor. Nor did they repair to the suite of rooms off the first landing which had already been put in excellent order for the use of his Grace the King. Without pausing, Mycroft led her to the upper floor, which was, in the estate’s current state of dilapidation, the province of bats and squirrels. Nor did he stop there. Only when they were standing beneath the awning on the roof terrace did Mycroft speak again.
For a moment, Mama’s expression remained stony. Then, it broke apart in a broad grin. “Penelope, if only you could stay with us forever. You always lift my spirits when you come. Now, take my arm. Lizzie will introduce you to the Colonel and dear Wickham and I shall procure hot spiced wine, to stave off the risk of your having taken cold.”
His uncle looked as staggered as he felt. “You mean there is a marriage barrier in the way?”
Somewhere into the second flask of a smoky, complex Angrian red, Molly put her head on one side.
“There are dry and heavy subjects his Grace and I must discuss. You two; entertain his young Lordship and hear all he has to impart concerning the Golden Horn.”
Once Uncle John let his pen stray from the confines of Court life, his delicately drawn miniatures of life in Gaaldine delighted her. Though Elizabeth had travelled little within her own land and never ventured beyond its borders, she felt on reading her uncle’s letters that she had herself fallen too readily into her country’s besetting sin: jealousy of place. Gondal was a land of majestic uplands, jewel-bright mountain lakes and soaring peaks. Its people, it was often said, too readily dismissed the two southern countries as gardens, not landscapes: carefully fenced, highly cultivated gardens, with neat borders and delicate flowers, but lacking the wild splendour of their own land.
“Your grace. I beg you. Please ask Lady Agnes Traquair to come into your presence. And, also, the Bishop of Zalona.”
But – as he hit the very bottom – he perceived a second truth.
The man’s eyes were showing too much white, and the dirty bandage around his head had some fresh blood on it. Still, he struggled to sit up.
Once Darcy explained the purpose of his visit the Earl came to the point directly.
“As to whom, to anyone who would listen. As to what – I gather she and the other officers’ ladies had tea in the mess-tent with Lady Abruzzi. And from what the young and indiscreet Mrs Wickham heard over the tea-cups, it seems the sums Lady Abruzzi outlaid on comforts for the troops she won playing high. In the capital. At a private salon for selected ladies of the court. Managed by no other than Lady Agnes Traquair.”
His thoughts swirled like black bats. Even if he had succeeded beyond his wildest dreams, what reward could James of Gondal have offered save only the means to make his fortune by an advantageous marriage? And now, despite the King, such a marriage was being pressed upon him. And what a marriage, now one looked properly at the business. True, Sally was not a woman of family, but in the circumstances he could hardly complain about that. As to the rest – she was well-educated, accomplished, rich, clever (as the contrivances around his ransom proved) and excessively in love with him. A very fine woman, of large fortune, in love with him. He would be a fool to throw away such a gift.
He reached a decision.
rumours which went with that assertion.”
“I shall be in my study and propose to retire early. Try not to be too noisy in your celebrations of death. This is a nation in mourning, after all.”
Walking back across the park in the evening cool, Elizabeth reflected that she had, nonetheless, acquitted herself tolerably under the relentless barrage of questions. Lady Catherine’s interrogation had not entirely prevented her from enjoying a meal more extravagant than any which had previously passed her lips and there was much of interest in Rosings itself, should she ever be allowed to examine its treasures with a modicum of leisure. They were invited again for two nights hence, by which time Elizabeth hoped her dress and hair would be the best she might contrive, given her resources.
Elizabeth rose to her feet, holding herself as straight as if her dancing master’s eye were upon her. “Forgive me, sir, but the dance is over and I see Miss Lucas imploring me to join her, though whether she seeks balm for her feet or her spirit, I cannot discern at this distance. I must take my leave for the moment.”
It was impossible to tell which of them blushed the deeper; her cheeks felt on fire, and Mr Darcy’s looked so. But the greatest surprise was to have him greet her with civility. He was not at ease, no-one could have accused him of that. His words stumbled out without any order, and he repeated his enquiries after her family several times, without apparently heeding her responses. But he was certainly civil; more than civil. After a few minutes awkward conversation, from which her aunt and uncle stood politely detached, he seemed to recollect himself, gave a nod to the gardener as if to say, “Carry on” and took his leave.
John nodded, and turned the page he was perusing, so he could re-read it.
Her eyes snapped open, to see Lizzie signalling to a man in sober servant’s garb, a cloak wrapped round head and shoulders (in this weather?) who, more than reasonably, was ignoring her undignified flailings and hurrying about his proper business. She reached up and caught her daughter’s flapping hand.
His expression was disturbingly bland.
Giulio hoped no hint of his thoughts showed. “A thousand pardons, my lord. I will not make such a mistake again.”
“Then let that be a comfort, my dear. Anyway, I shall leave you to sleep, and trust that you feel better in the morning.”
Gently, inexorably, Julian disengaged her frantic grasp. “You are my jewel, my star, my heart.” He held her off at arms’ length, strong hands gripping her wrists. “My weakness, therefore. Were you to fall into James Moriarty’s hands, I would be undone. My own death at his hands would be a trifle, compared to that. No. Carry our hopes with you into exile, and, if he throws his armies against my fortress, even if our defence fails I shall still have the victory.”
He stopped his descent and turned to face her fully. His hand gripped the neglected oak of the bannister so hard his knuckles were white, though his tone was that of light banter.
The Crown Prince stretched, with the slow, languorous movements of a well-fed cat. “With interest, I take it?”
“So, Lizzie, tell. How did it feel to dance with the great Mr Darcy, who, it seems, is so very close to the Crown?”
“Do you think of anyone in particular?” he enquired cautiously.
“My dear, do you not think Frances may come to a greater appreciation of her fault if left to contemplate it alone, until we choose to acknowledge her return? We are, surely, in no hurry? And the servants might just as well bring the lemonade and iced ginger tea up here.”
Jane lay prone across the bed, a piece of crumpled paper in her hand. As her sister entered she turned onto her back. Her tear-flecked face had set into lines of acute misery.
“It’s done, my lord. All in position. A rider came in a quarter of a turn ago. The convoy has left Egremont.”
Such forwardness: utterly unbecoming in Mrs Collins of Hunsford, but Charlotte had known that if she hesitated she would be utterly tongue-tied, so disconcerting it was to see the first lady of Gondal mere feet away, looking not at all like a lady of quality, but like –
He blinked, and stammered, “So the priest told me.”
“You have said quite enough, madam. I perfectly comprehend your feelings, and have now only to be ashamed of what my own have been. Forgive me for having taken up so much of your time, and accept my best wishes for your health and happiness.”
do you see why Georgiana’s marriage is much on my mind? I would see her safely wed to a man of her own choosing before Prince James seeks to engage her in his stratagems.”
She nodded. “So. Tell me what you saw.”
cousin, at best, in Charis’ case.” Miss Hooper arched her feathery brows. “Were we all in company together,
Nor was it possible to dismiss it as the misguided partiality of someone who depended on the Darcy family for everything. Her words amplified and confirmed all the chambermaid had said that morning, and everything about the rooms through which they passed reinforced their truth. Take, for example, the elegance and charm of the sitting room which the master of the house had just had fitted out for his sister Georgiana, to surprise her on her return from Lake Elderno.
“How many were in this troop? When did they depart? Have any returned?”
“Think of it this way. An expansion to one’s vocabulary is rarely wasted, no matter what the source.”
said it must be ready, and so it will. He does not brook delay, if it can be avoided. In anything. Do you think it would be most terribly improper were we to wander off together when we land, into the shade of these delightful coppices I see along the riverbanks? It has been an age since I have had a chance to have a proper talk with you.”
“You did? Can you tell me how you dispensed this largesse?”
"Of course, I —”
would favour her late husband’s men. And the games were open to all the regiments and the prizes handed out with an open hand: ten thalers, twenty thalers, fifty thalers for third, second, first. So, also, is the the feast open to all the camp, and equally generously catered.”
Once the last of the lanterns had vanished, Julian stood up, grinding his nails into the palms of his hands, counting. Directly below him an overturned wagon and barrels, artistically arranged to look as if they had spilled from it, blocked the whole of the roadway.
Darcy’s tone suggested that Miss Bingley might have made it slightly too plain that she saw Pemberley itself as the quintessential country estate for that purpose. Still, that was an old story. Not one man in a hundred or woman in a thousand saw the man rather than the estate when first meeting his cousin.
The cicadas chirped in the undergrowth; they seemed to be chorussing approval. Julian gestured decisive negation.
“A carriage accident! Surely there was some grave mismanagement there. I have always advised my nephew never to travel except in the best appointed and maintained carriages and behind the quietest and best schooled horses, and I should expect his friend to do no less.”
Charlotte gave her all the assurances a friend could give, especially a friend on the brink of parting from home, who seemed acutely aware of the chasm which her marriage had opened up between her and the Duplessis family. However unlovely Charlotte’s husband, he was the heir apparent of Longbourn, and a more sensible woman than Mama would surely find the prospect of being supplanted by a girl she had known from the cradle more than she could reasonably bear.
“Oh.” She sank down on a bench and, completely unexpectedly, dropped her head in her hands and burst into tears. In all truth, it was the most minor of disappointments, but for that eternal moment it felt
Captain Lennox nodded towards the cluster of angry fireflies which was the camp.
He was supplied with fresh clothes, which must be the master of the house’s own (very fine, though they were a little too long in the legs and arms.) Further servants brought him fresh lemonade and a delicate chicken broth with a warm roll on the side.
prudent parent would have done the same thing.”
the only courier we have had today came in from the port a turn and a half ago. There are few boats sailing at this time of year. Coastal traffic between the three kingdoms and some desultory fishing is about the size of it. So the letter must have come from either Gondal or southern Gaaldine and the winds have set strongly from the north for the last five days.
Lady Catherine slightly acknowledged them and Mr Darcy, concealing any surprise he might have felt at seeing Elizabeth (but no, she corrected himself, Lady Catherine would have told him not merely of her presence but of all the minutest particulars of their conversations) made a surprisingly deep bow. The third person in the pew, presumably Colonel Fitzwilliam, directed towards them a smile so thoroughly welcoming and interested it was almost improper for church.
Miss Hooper blinked.
“It is
Everything Peter had ever heard about the Border lands, which he had never visited, made this delicacy sound depressingly plausible.
“If we try to resolve this by force of arms, Georgiana and Mrs Annesley – my sister and our kinswoman – will be right at the heart of the siege. You have fought, sir; I have not. But from your accounts and from those of your son I know how unpredictable a battle can be, and most especially for women caught up in it. Please spare them that.”
He could have said many other, more politic things. But to a straight question, there was only one possible answer.
them?” Her voice was high and breathless, filled with an indignation that was wholly unfeigned. "Brother, you wrong me. You wrong me profoundly. I sent those ear-bobs, together with other items from my casket which I had little expectation of using during the dying remnants of the season in Gondal Town to the jewellers, in the first place to be cleaned, and secondly because I feared keeping too many valuables in the house makes one a target for robbers. Can you say that fear was misplaced, given last night?
“However scandalous that marriage, it could not have proceeded without the consent of Lady Agnes’ father, the Earl. I know – I think I know – how he was coerced into making that decision. Even so, I would not for my own part allow the King to make a like choice for Georgiana.
He smiled. That did it: she had to change the subject once more, or in her fury she would betray herself and Jane together.
She hesitated, but only for a moment. This was not a time for reticence. “She was, in truth, the friend who sent me in your direction. If you are as well-informed as I believe you are, you will know Charis is on the road to Castle Cavron. She may already have arrived. She is certainly beyond the King’s order of recall, if she even acknowledged such a thing.”
“Coupled with wormwood, to warn that the advice will leave a bitter taste in the mouth? Wormwood on its own, of course, would simply signal ‘bad news’.”
“At the most usurious rate. So. It will not surprise him if I do what he might do in my position. Gondal Town it is. I shall embrace my great fortune and with it buy you time. How long do you need?”
Even in the crisis, she could not prevent the corner of her mouth lifting. “Sir: you must be unfamiliar with Gondal’s high society. We are bored, idle and by this time in the Season no idiocy is beyond us. But we are wasting time. Pray check the floor above – it is the servants’ quarters and most should be down here, but we dare not risk someone being overlooked. I will attend to the ladies. What is the safest way out?”
At that moment there came a commanding rap on the door. With barely enough time for decency, his hostess entered the room followed by a small, stooped man.
“Saved her.”
They had a nervous meal: the heavy-beamed room lit by frequent flashes of lightning, the relentless pounding of rain like small-shot on the tiled roof above. Nor did the storm let up until long after they had retired to bed. In the uneasy sleep that come to someone accustomed to sleeping with the deadweight of a husband – and, prior to that, a sister – on the right-hand side, Charlotte dreamt herself standing on the ramparts of a besieged castle, her arms tight around a swaddled infant, while below armies raged. Her arms ached and the backs of her legs were taut with tension when she at last awoke into the pearlescent glow of dawn.
What had Gondal become? The first lady of the land, with ten people, no more, whom she dare trust.
to have said in response, confining herself to, "It is nothing in comparison of Rosings, my lady, I dare say; but I assure you it is much larger than Sir William Lucas’s.”
“Shocking, I agree, how encroaching the whole family are. This was the dark one, you may recall, from last night – no, I forget, you were swooning with pain, how could you have remarked what any of the girls of the house looked like, especially since they were all so – not plain, precisely, apart from that gawky peering one, who had the head ache, but all so blowsy and unpolished. And so
The stranger was kneeling on the window seat, wrestling with the fastenings of the casement. Julian’s mind flooded with incongrous memories. How often in the months since he entered this set had he had to advise visitors who failed to grasp the trick of it? He was across the room, his hand on the latch almost before he knew it.
Elizabeth’s cheeks flamed. She drew a deep breath.
The interval at Longbourn had been one of unsurpassed tedium, not unmixed with awkwardness. His father-in-law had been sardonic and withdrawn, though Wickham – to be fair – had expected a lot worse from that quarter than he’d received. It almost made him angry on little Lyddie’s behalf. She might let her father’s neglect wash off her like water off a duck’s back (what an enchanting quality it was in a woman, the inability even to perceive neglect or antagonism, let alone resent it!) But it was profoundly wrong, nonetheless.
The Crown Prince blinked, as if for the first time realising that Frances was not some faceless recipient of his confidences (if confidences they were) but a person in her own right.
“It strikes me, what we need most is time. Miss Georgiana; take to your bed, at once. I shall send up a draught for you and you must drink it all off, however unpalatable you find it. I’m sorry for it, but trust me, like you did when you were little and had the croup.”
“You speak as if you have also watched those you love go to the wars.”
The Crown Prince nodded. “I’m delighted we continue in such perfect agreement. Carry on.”
In the end, it took three wagons to bring the wreckage of the Darcy state coach back to Pemberley. The pieces were carried from the wagons by straining, gasping and, occasionally, blasphemous soldiers and deposited carefully inside the nearest barn to be examined at leisure.
For the moment, the only thing that mattered was Georgiana.
“As you can see, we are not. Not
“Sir,” he essayed, “We have no idea of this ending in a fight.”
a King! What a cousin! Any woman of sense would run far, far from being connected to James Moriarty. Escape is still possible, my dearest, my most beloved Elizabeth. Turn down my proposal and you can still be free.”
“Might I offer you one of these?” Miss Hooper held out a dish of small, gilded biscuits. “They are Mrs Jenkyns’ celebrated chestnut fancies. She made them specially when she heard I was coming. She will be distraught if she spots any have not been eaten when the servants clear things away. When I first came here, when I was no more than ten years old, she happened across me hiding in one of her pantries. I was shy and homesick, and could not face any more of Aunt Catherine’s great visitors. Mrs Jenkyns took me down to the kitchens, gave me sugar plums, and asked me about my old home. I told her about Netherfield Park, and the great avenue of sweet chestnuts which line the ride down to the lake there. I told her how we used to gather those nuts, and grind them for flour. That night and for weeks afterwards, she sent a plate of these biscuits to my nursery, with my hot milk, so I could have a little of home to remember.”
It had not been the easiest of seasons at Longbourn.
and her crew. Oh, yes: his noble Lordship did vouchsafe the name of the vessel, albeit only by way of a warning given for the general safety of travellers. Nonetheless, it piqued my interest to see her moored in Elbe. You should pass word to the Crown Prince, or whoever is acting as his regent. What I have seen, so can others. From now on, he should change his courier of choice.”
Wickham waved an explanatory hand.
“I dare because I
It was not for Royal gossip that she pursued the correspondence.
He heard, like the sighing of a spring breeze (though the cressets’ flames blazed up straight as delphiniums) an unforgettable contralto voice murmur,
been cheated of their proper pay. Lady Abruzzi
Further sleep was impossible.
The green-gold of the park shimmered before her eyes. “But – such a one would be –” Such was the enormity of the idea, Elizabeth’s voice failed her.
“Pooh, pooh, Caroline. Good, solid, Gondalian craftsmanship. A little heavy, maybe, but with beeswax and new draperies it will look quite the thing, and we can always bring sophas and cabinets from the city to freshen the place up a little. With your harpsichord in the corner of the principal withdrawing room it will be as cosy as anywhere in the three kingdoms.”
“They will have come for me.”
Sherlock leant against the edge of the desk.
. She almost said it aloud. But it was not her story to tell, she had no proof, and, besides, Clarence would not believe her. It gave her an idea, nonetheless.
Dawn light bathed the hills on the further side of the valley, though darkness still wrapped the sleeping village below. In the grove of pines just below the western crest of the ridge, a man rose to his feet. From the tree stump to which she had been tethered a mantled falcon rose likewise, agitated almost to baiting. He strode closer, letting her fly to his gauntleted wrist, gentling the feathers behind her head and chirping falconer’s nonsense at her in a soothing monotone.
“Oh!”
“This must be a most inconvenient sitting room for the evening, in summer; the windows are full west.”
calling me that.”
Not for the first time, Charles wondered how two children of the same parents could approach the world so differently. Also not for the first time he essayed to resolve his sister’s fears with reason, without the slightest faith in reason’s efficacy.
The Bishop’s voice was very low when he finally spoke.
Mr Darcy’s colour deepened. If she had cared, she might have feared him on the point of apoplexy.
knows she can’t carry a tune. I can’t think why Mama and Papa didn’t stop her singing.”
She could barely make herself intelligible, but at length stammered out, “My previous feelings are most assuredly overset. Marrying you would make me the happiest of women. But–” Harsh reality struck. ”The King will be angry with you. He wishes you to marry Miss Hooper."
She regarded him. “When my brother is in the room, all eyes are on him. When he leaves, people relax their guard. It is then they say things they had better not. So. How did David die?”
Frances let her eyes fall shut, the better to allow her mind to float free. The Crown Prince’s voice continued, a low burbling counterpoint to her thoughts.
He paused, and Frances pushed the ale jar across to him. He refilled his mug, took a deep, grateful swallow, and recommenced.
He found the Bishop sitting in a low chair in the corner of the hall, a glass in front of him from which he was pointedly not drinking. His glance was thunderous as he looked up to see Julian approach.
“Yes, you know. Mercenaries. Men paid to fight for whoever can afford them.”
“They sent down all sorts, sir, and no-one could complain about how we were treated. But yes: I can confirm there was a sheep’s pluck pudding, all steaming and stinky. Me and the lads, we left that one to Sarge. He’s the only one of us from the Borders, you see, sir, and he was proper made up to see it. It’d have been rude to butt in, sir.”
“As luck would have it, I came across them not five hundred strides up the road, ’cause one of them had to stop to fix his creel. A strap had split, and a sorry job he were making of it, too. Naturally, being as how I’d learnt my knots before I learnt to scratch my name, I hopped off my mule and asked if I could help any. I got the creel fixed – in truth, I could have done it in half the time, but I wanted to hear what they had to say, and very much to the purpose it was. He was on his way to Hunsford, too. The other two turned off on their different ways, and we went on together.”
For a moment, he wondered if his hostess might take affront at the notion that he wanted her handiwork checked. In desperation, he shot a meaningful glance towards the close-stool. Her face cleared.
Harriet’s jaw dropped. “A guest? At this time? At such short notice? Who, pray?”
“Ah.”
It was a warm night, but Colonel Fitzwilliam shivered. “So I suppose Traquair undertook to lend his influence. At a price.”
“I am he whom you seek. I am the Bishop of Zalona.”
“Captain Lennox! What –?”
Dissatisfied and empty, Elizabeth turned to Charlotte’s letter. In her own bereft mood she was more sensitive to the real loneliness which, without one single word to express discontent, nonetheless radiated from her friend’s letter. She was depending on Elizabeth’s visit, with a kind of despairing hope that made Elizabeth ashamed.
the obvious route through which such a letter would be sent.”
It might be a trap, but, even so, this room was a greater one. He uttered a quick prayer to the Virgin, reached for the drainpipe to the right of the window, and swung himself out.
be a man involved?
Eight years old, hiding in the bushes at Lucas Lodge, away from the bustle and pomp of a garden party which was far too grand for the shy child she had been – would still be far too grand now, for the closed, frumpy, unambitious woman she had become. Her father had been made up at the news that the great Sir Vernon Hooper of Netherfield Park would grace his celebration. Charlotte and her mother had looked at each other in silent horror. Together – small as she’d been, her mother had leant on her strength then – they’d worked for days, stood over kitchenmaids and upstairs maids, leant their own hands to pestles and pastry-boards. Together they had pored over old books from the overgrown cupboard which, in the grandeur of his new rank, Papa had dubbed “the library”. Together they followed crabbed instructions and wore their fingers raw and bleeding on resisting branches to weave a welcome arch under which their guests could pass. Although Mama decreed it “The image of the picture in the book” and asserted that not even Sir Vernon could ever have seen a finer, not even in Gondal Town, Charlotte cringed, inwardly. Her worst forebodings were manifest when young Mrs Duplessis – bride of Clarence Duplessis, the master of Longbourn, and, it was rumoured, a former lady-in-waiting to the Queen herself – passed beneath the lopsided greenery and exchanged a small, sardonic grin with her husband.
“You will find changes when you return to Meryton,” her aunt said, after the maid had left the room. “You know what we spoke of at Christmas? Well, the blow has fallen. The Duke of Malham and his elder son were taken into the Caitiff’s Tower three days ago, and word is give out this morning that they have confessed all; sedition, talking against the King, and, it seems, treasonous correspondence with Gaaldine, carried out over many months.”
She had intended to pray for her children. For Lydia, whom she loved, most of all for her carefree appreciation of life and whose cares were so obviously about to begin, whether she married Wickham or not. For Lizzie, who believed in a just, logical world and in her father and who was therefore doomed to an eternity of trying to reconcile the unreconcilable. For Jane, who was so blissfully
“Quite. I have spent most of this day in the archives, reviewing the letters Anderson supposedly received from Gondal. Now, I am nine parts certain that they were forgeries, planted among his belongings to be found after his death, to lead us to a false conclusion.”
For a moment Harriet paused. Then she laughed; great, open-throated peals of laughter that hurt, like lesions ripping free beneath scar tissue, leaving her raw, but open to healing at last.
minded to be accommodating? Her mention of attending events at Mr Darcy’s house had been cool and cousinly, with nothing about it to suggest more than family affection subsisted between them. Perhaps, though, she had set her hopes on another, and been told – whether by aunt, brother or both – that it must not be. A romantic disappointment might also account for the collapse in Miss Hooper’s health. Elizabeth had not the medical skills of her uncle or even of her mother, but certainly it seemed probable that there was a strong nervous element to her condition.
there had been something much amiss in her guardian’s rearing of her.
Holy mother! Where had all the time gone?
“That’s as well, sir; we’ve a long journey tomorrow, once you’re married; it’s a good step to Gondal Town from here, and let us pray your aunt and uncle have yet to leave town for the summer, or it’ll be a longer journey yet. But I have the horses all in hand” – a nod to the ostler – ”and a dinner prepared for you at your lodging, for as you know, sir, it would be terrible bad luck for you and your lady to dine together or stay under the same roof on your wedding eve."
Julian counters, “No. I had already earmarked basil as the signifier for ‘a deep-buried secret’, as in the tale of Lisabetta and her Lorenzo.”
Mr Darcy tapped a forefinger meditatively against his front teeth.
She gestured in its direction.
“In general. But certainly not in particular.” Sherlock’s self-assured tones cut through the air in the chilly study. John and Charis looked up.
"But when you lost –”
“You may depend upon my not mentioning it.” Elizabeth’s sincerity could not have been more patent.
For the first time he dared look her in the face. Any last shreds of doubt that he was looking at the original of ‘Self-Portrait’ dissipated. So. He had allowed himself to be captured by the Pretender’s sister on Gondal’s soil.
much water-weed, I feel sorry for his mistresses. And more for his chambermaids.”
He withdrew, before Harriet could express her opinion that the Heir Apparent should best be greeted with the contents of a chamberpot, emptied over his head from an upper story. Frustrated, she reached once more for the brandy glass.
If the journey in company with Sir William and Maria Lucas had been tedious, this was insupportable. The leather of the coach interior was worn, peeling, and odiferous. As the day warmed up, the heat of the black cloak became insupportable but Elizabeth dared not throw it off. The lawyer read on and on, the old woman snored, the scenery jolted past, flat and monotonous and Elizabeth, long before they came in sight of the outskirts of Gondal Town, was heartily repenting her rash impulse. What, after all, could she, a girl, do where her father and uncle had failed? Even if she found Lydia, when had her youngest sister ever listened to her? What – oh, God, what was she even going to say to Mr Wickham, if she confronted him?
come, then it were as well it came sooner rather than later. Yes, what is it, Giulio? Of course we shall. The best of the light has gone, in any event. Come, Elizabeth.”
coast. We came through the Angora passes in the dark before you woke up. Also, the second half of your ransom isn’t due until you’re safely delivered on the other shore, so you can bet your life – in fact, technically you will be betting your life, but you then always were a gamester – that the families who have us in charge will make sure that James’ men don’t get to you before they’ve been paid.”
“Is she pretty?”
The day was soon coming, Harriet knew, on which she would say farewell to her two most deserving daughters. Further, they would form homes to which she would have no hesitation in sending Kitty and Mary; homes which would give them the benefit of a wider and better-informed society than Meryton had ever been able to provide. Not safe homes – nowhere in Gondal would be safe in the next months, and Harriet was not fool enough to suppose they could be. Still; homes where the master and mistress knew of the oncoming storm, and were preparing for it; unlike Longbourn, whose master had never prepared, only retreated behind a barrage of deflection, blame and badinage.
“We are betrayed. We are all of us betrayed. And what
He nodded to the Gaaldinian. “Thank you. Give me a quarter of a turn, and I shall address the men. Please tell them so.”
get up off his narrow, bony backside and exert himself to that end, she had – it shamed her to recall, to be honest, but she had been so desperate at the time – leant on Lizzie to accept Mr Collins. Who was a clerk on a stipend at the mercy of a capricious and cold-hearted patron without even
The ballroom felt suddenly oppressive: heavy with uneasy memories.
Mrs Annesley vouchsafed a brief, acknowledging nod. It was enough. Words burst out as from a breached dam.
“There’s a man involved,” she declared, and blushed. Who was she to make such a confident pronouncement? Indeed, how absurd a pronouncement to make. Espionage and high politics were male preserves: how could there
Darcy stretched out his hand as if to lay it on Colonel Fitzwilliam’s arm, but thought better of it. “Six months younger. She and the Princess were born in the same week. Lady Agnes would have attended the Princess to Gaaldine but I understand her father forbade it, for her own safety.”
“Your arrival must have been very unexpected; we understood from your housekeeper that your party was due to arrive tomorrow, and indeed, in Lambton it was believed your family were all at Lake Elderno and like to remain for some time.”
That observation left Elizabeth shaking with rage. She had to rise, take deep breaths and compose herself before she could continue reading. Only once Mr Darcy turned to the topic of Wickham could she recover a portion of her self-command.
That was news but hardly surprised Trooper Musgrave. “The Black Lion got him, did it? Explains a lot. But anyway, sir, suppose I take the fish and report to the Sarge I’ve found the doctor he sent me to look for, and you go straight up to the house, to avoid running into anyone else from the troop. I’m not saying they’d recognise you, most of them being on the youngish side, though I’d not go bail for all of them, and certainly not for the sarge. But the only one of our troop up at the house is the officer, so you’re safe enough there.”
She rose from her bed scarcely later than dawn, exhausted but unresting, and so became the first member of the family to see the messenger ride in, bearing a letter in Uncle Gardiner’s familiar hand. It was addressed to Jane and Elizabeth jointly, and she paused for a moment, unwilling to open it without her sister present. But Jane had slept in for the first time in days, and Elizabeth thought that whether the letter brought joy or despair, Jane could face either better if rested. She broke the seal.
“Why indeed?” Elizabeth echoed, while cold claws of apprehension reached up and squeezed once more at her entrails.
Captain Lennox was as direct as his military title implied.
Heads turned all through the room. Though Julian made ferocious gestures at his inquisitive people, he was not displeased.
Too complicated to explain, of course. Conventionalities would have to serve.
“Thanks to that odious Mr Darcy, he does not.”
With an effort, he made his voice steady.
It was not, as her father had hinted, that he lacked the capacity for love. As Harriet had found out during those hot, agonised, stinking nights, Clarence could love as deeply as any man on Earth. But he knew the pain love could bring, and in the final extremity he shrank from it.
“You did not go to the capital?”
He dropped his own voice likewise. “
“So it will. And so it would be if your father can be persuaded to receive the couple at Longbourn. That will take address – as much as you, Jane and I can contrive between us. But that is not what I wished to speak to you about. Your aunt told me that Mr Darcy showed uncommon civil to you all when you met him at Pemberley?”
All that he felt, and – he claimed – had
Frances leant forward across the table. “Please don’t disappoint me. They sold you to me as the most sophisticated thief in the three kingdoms.”
There was a little lift about her lips, as if the message he had intended to convey had arrived safely at its proper address.
Charlotte assumed her sweetest smile. “Mrs Long, this is a happy chance. We were just saying how well informed you are in regard to matters military. Whose regiment is this? And how long are they to stay?”
Charles felt his face flame red-hot. How typical of Caroline. How damnably typical. She had been hotter for Netherfield even than himself; its archaic furniture more than compensated for by its easy distance from the capital and the well-kept expanses of its pleasure grounds. She had, too, been badgering him to get something settled now, during the dead days of deep mourning for the King. She was bored; one could not organise parties of pleasure in the capital with mourning banners still hanging from every public building and the funeral not two weeks past. Opening up their own country house, albeit one simply on lease, would give her pastime as well as consequence.
The moon had yet to rise, and the ship’s boat could only be discerned by the break it made in the thin white brush-stroke of surf at the sea’s edge. The haunting, desolate cry of a seabird borne towards them on the light breeze sounded like a bereft, wandering spirit.
ladies of Meryton in the case I’ll eat my hat,” she said promptly. “The Pretender’s sister has brought Miss Duplessis and Mrs Collins to Elbe. But for what purpose?”
The room spun round him. “But – but I have my orders.”
“You invite me? To sup with you? You
“Messages came from Gondal today. John’s niece wrote to him; a commonplace enough account of the doings of her and her sisters. But it jogged Charis’s memory, and, in consequence, I learnt two facts about her wedding journey which I had not known before. In addition to her paid attendants, she was to have been accompanied by a high-ranking female companion of her own age. But both girls chosen for that position withdrew; in the second case, on the express order of the King, the day before she had been due to depart. Furthermore, Charis’ journey was then brought forward a day, at the King’s urgent and most secret command. And two days after
At that he guffawed, loud enough to startle the footmen guarding the great front doors. No, he had no need to scrimp on candle wax; not that even the flood of light pouring out from his windows could hold a candle – ha! – to what the Palace would look like tonight, prepared for the first State Ball of his nephew’s reign.
"But –” said the Earl, his eyes bulging. Darcy could not but feel for him.
Somehow, after a confused few moments, the three of them were sitting in the garden of the priest’s house, beneath a canopy of green leaves, with a jug of lemonade on the table together with a plate of small savoury pastries.
Sherlock’s eyes glinted in the rising dawn light. “Oh, indeed. The game, John, the greatest of games is afoot.”
.” She snapped her fingers. “Also, I can provide a loan of a further fifty thousand on the easiest of terms to a member of the family. As we all know, Georgiana’s dowry is fifty thousand, and knowing my cousin’s probity that will already have been earmarked and invested in the most secure manner. Two hundred and fifty thousand can be paid tomorrow in a way which involves my cousin neither sacrificing his dignity nor giving up a square cubit of land.”
Of course she knew the advantages and defects of every house of credit in the district, from the badness of the attics at Purvis Lodge to the inconvenient way the chimneys at Haye-Park smoked when there was anything of west in the winter wind. What else was there to discuss over the tea-cups or the madeira glasses? (More often madeira these days, or even brandy: there really was
Molly’s smile managed to be both impossibly sweet and impossibly remote.
With the briefest acknowledgement to her mother and sisters, Elizabeth found her outer garments and thicker shoes, and made her way to Lucas Lodge. She returned some hours later to surprise Papa, still mourning for his slaughtered trees, with the news that all was settled and that she proposed to depart for Hunsford with Sir William Lucas and his daughter Maria in five days time.
Their heads whipped round. From the back of the house, the opposite side from the fire which had drawn all their attention, a masked giant of a man emerged driving Molly’s maid in front of him, her left arm twisted brutally up behind her back.
Julian walked forwards, very erect, conscious of how his cloak fell about him and how his men whispered. He did not speak until he was no more than a handspan away from the other man’s face.
“I used to wonder what it would be like to be crossed in love,” Charis murmured. Neither man paid the slightest attention to her.
“That I will take whatever comes of accepting your proposal, even be it treason,
he might consider the merits of their going up to Gondal Town for a sojourn?
His tongue swirled across cracked lips. Frances recalled from their own passage across the border – good heavens, it had been almost twelve months ago to the day, but felt as if it had been decades ago – how desiccating the winds in those high passages had been, and with her own hand poured a cup of cucumber water from the flask on the table and passed it to him. He gulped, gratefully.
Peter Brenzaida gaped. “So long? With no word of your sister? You must have been distraught.”
The Crown Prince steepled his hands beneath his chin. “He died because I failed.”
“Well done. Come, men. We’ll try a cast through this thicket.”
. A clean sheer plummet. No windmilling of arms. He made no attempt to break his fall. Ma’am, I’ve seen people go like that off battlements in a siege. But I’ve never known any
, for fear it might be competition.”
The side chapel, dedicated to the Holy Wisdom by Ambrosine XII, was deserted. Wisdom, she supposed, divine or otherwise, was not held in high esteem in the Gondal of King James. Unobserved, as women of her age were accustomed to be, she lit a candle and stood with head bowed and hands clasped as it burned.
was supposed to mean. No doubt the Crown Prince would expand on it if she enquired further, but equally without doubt she would in the process end up far better informed on the inward life of the Crown Princess’s physician and his relations with his family than either of them could possibly desire.
“It’s the bank up ahead, milady. There’s been a landslip – it may have been undermined by those bad thunderstorms we had a couple of days ago, and then it looks like some beasts got out and collapsed it entirely. We’ve broken out the entrenching tools, so we’ll have the road clear in a turn or so, but we can’t get the coach along until we do.”
“Sir, as you well know I dislike dancing in general.” Darcy gulped. “In this instance, though, it will be my greatest pleasure.”
The soldier looked at her nervously, and muttered something about “the officer.”
Suppressing a sneezing fit, Molly knelt, unlocked the trunk and groped down through multiple layers of childhood. Her fingers closed at last over the talisman. She exhaled, fingering its familiar shape. The woman to whom she might have brought it was dead these nine years: no help from that quarter this side of the Judgement. And were she
“A deadly secret concerning the King? In the very unlikely event such a thing existed and you heard of it, it would be the height of folly to mention it, even in a flower code.”
The Crown Prince of Gaaldine lifted his brows.
She had not been there long, barely long enough to bespeak a meal, approve the appointments of the small, secluded arbour in which she had been seated, and sip a glass of the landlady’s celebrated rhubarb cordial when her cousin appeared.
She could not ask why, nor would she receive an answer if she did. Instead: “And this leads us closer to war –?”
Miss Hooper glanced round at them all, accepted the proffered flask and took a lady-like sip.
What distinguished the step of that particular animal from all the other beasts of burden he had let pass, Frances never knew. Still, Jonathan leapt to his feet, and a moment later the ship’s boy from the
“The boy – David Hebron – believed that the King secretly married his mother on his way to his final campaign. No, sir, pray hear me out. That information he had from the Abbess herself, who had attended her sister’s deathbed. Had it rested there, doubtless nothing more would have been heard of him. But then he received confirmation from another source, indeed from Prince James of Gondal, as he then was.”
” kept dropping from her lips, like the roses and jewels from the good girl in the fairy story.
With a jolt of surprise, Darcy realised his uncle the Earl was not dismissive of his cousin, but
She tucked her thumb into her palm, leaving four fingers extended.
The new arrival thrust back her hood. Harriet could just discern the prim features of the ten-year-old harpsichordist in the woman before her.
To cover up, she turned abruptly down the lane only to realise before they had walked four dozen yards that she should indeed have proceeded up Belmont a little further and taken the next turn. That was when she saw the walnut tree.
Mama’s cross-examination of Master Richardson produced the further information that Uncle John had accompanied the Crown Princess on her wedding journey. At which point, completely out of the blue, Papa had flown into what in anyone less phlegmatic would have been a towering passion. In Papa’s case it entailed tight, withdrawn silences, punctuated with bitter philippics about
Charlotte choked back a gasp. At liberty, yes, but what did freedom count against a woman’s reputation? Small wonder Miss Darcy had fled the three kingdoms. How lucky she was to have a Grande Contessa di Astola to lend her countenance in her exile.
