Tony moaned, the roughness in Steve's voice raising the hairs on the back of his neck. Moving more on instinct than on conscious thought, he forced Steve's impressive length further into his throat, swallowing around the throbbing flesh and shivering with pleasure. His head bobbed a little faster, more steadily. He was desperate to bring the other man off, wanted to taste his release. He'd never wanted to please anyone more in his entire life.
Oblivious to the bloodshed but most definitely not to the sight of Tony half naked, Steve decided it was a good moment to let the boys figure it out for themselves. "S'pose there is plenty to share," he agreed, bright eyes dark in the shadowy room. He drew Tony into a lingering kiss to keep the man from saying anything else that he might regret later on. "Let's get in bed." While standing was working just fine for the preliminaries, Steve knew it would get awkward fast. Thinking ahead, he decided to go ahead and slip out of his jeans before reclining on the comforter with a hint of a smile and an obvious bulge tenting his boxers. "You boys going to join me?"
If there had been a way to do it without it being even more awkward, Coulson would have hugged the man in that moment without reservation. As it was, he reached for Tony's hand and held it fast in his own. "He will. He has to make it." The words were for his own benefit as much as Tony's. The idea of Steve dying was not one that sat well with Coulson on any level, not the five year old who'd worn Captain America pajamas deep down inside him or the agent who'd come to think of Steve Rogers as a friend. "Have faith in him."
"Both," Coulson agreed with a hint of a smile. He knew his own tolerance wasn't what it once was, and he preferred to enjoy a few beers for a slow burn instead of tossing back shots until he forgot his name. That went double considering Clint's thigh was settled comfortably against his own, and forgetting where and who he was would probably have resulted in some very uncomfortable moments. "We can save shots until we've decided we're completely finished actually being capable of speaking to one another."
"Mister Creed." Loki's expression of polite interest was strained. Creed reminded him off his own brother: more muscle than brain and willing to bully others to get his own way. "You weren't a topic of discussion, no. We had more pressing matters to deal with."
"What's the soup of the day?" Tony wanted to know as he cast about for a pair of pants. //Funny, could've sworn I was wearing those last I looked.// "Vodka? Sherry? Hair of the dog that bit me?" He glanced at Logan.
Having only dimly registered the man's presence before, Steve opened his eyes again and tried hard to believe that he could possibly be needed in his current state. He tried to picture a way he could actually help SHIELD when he felt like such a mess. He nodded again and wished like hell he could tear the oxygen mask away and still breathe. He wanted to talk. He wanted to grab Tony and pull the man close. At the same time, he was terrified for Tony to touch or see too much, to feel the man recoil.
Clint followed Nat quickly into release, his cry of pleasure mingling with hers. Gasping for air, he sagged to the side, flopping bonelessly into the mattress. Still gasping, his eyes drifted to where Darien sat and he smirked faintly before closing his eyes. He needed to get out of the sweat soaked leathers, but at the moment standing sounded like WAY too much effort. "Fuck, I needed that," he panted, feeling sleep tugging at him already. He tensed bodily at the tone of the comms system, though.
That brought Steve up short, and he finally shook his head and shrugged. “I don’t even know what I think right now.”
That was all it took to get the blood flowing soundly south of Phil's belt. He took a slow breath on and let it out before he trusted himself to speak. "I think I'll take a rain check. I’d like next time to be just for us." He still found himself wondering if Fury had seen the security footage yet and hoping not. He still had to look the man in the eye later.
Logan was glad he'd decided to let Scott have full control. The man was an expert at picking up his cues, doing just the right things without Logan saying a word and barely making a sound. Logan couldn't keep silent for long, though. He was soon moaning softly with every perfect shift, every flick of Scott's tongue and shift of his lips. "Nngh... God..." He was getting close, and he managed to warn Scott of as much. The hand that had been roaming, trying to touch every bit of his lover, settled on Scott's shoulder, gripping him lightly as Logan's breath caught in his throat.
Coulson could feel himself losing the tenuous control he had and tried to calm down before he said something even stupider than cutting Fury off had been. "This isn't just about me anymore. This is-"
Tony opened his mouth to argue and found himself speechless. He surged up from the chair faster - according to his zinging stitches - than he should have, tangling a hand in Steve's shirt and pressing their mouths together.
Bucky tried to focus on Coulson's soothing voice. Every instinct in him screamed to tear the place apart, along with anyone who might be in his way. He breathed heavily, shaking as he struggled to regain control. Instead of sending him over the edge into a psychotic hurricane of violence, Coulson's touch comforted Bucky, and he felt himself beginning to calm down. "Thank... thank you," he managed, sounding as if he'd run a marathon. "I... think I'm... okay now..."
Scott was still gaping. "Oh, you've gotta give me more than that. Come on!"
Scott nodded his agreement as he felt Logan's hands moving over his sensitive skin. He knew that he wouldn't be able to have Logan inside him. It was too soon on a lot of levels. Thankfully there were still a thousand other ways that they could make each other feel good. Scott was grateful to see the anger sliding away from Logan's face. Clint didn't deserve to have Logan pissed off at him. //He should be pissed at me.// Since he didn't want that either, Scott kept the thought to himself. "I like slow too... especially the way you touch me."
"I'm going, too. By the way," Clint added, shifting uneasily when the rest of the table turned their gazes on him. "I owe Loki a few times over this time."
J laughed a little and lit a cigarette. "You give fifteen, you get good deal."
Logan groaned his pleasure at the need in Scott's voice. "Fuck yes, baby," he rumbled, placing a gentle bite right below Scott's ear. A skillful shift, and he was slowly sliding into his lover's tight heat, letting out a short, tense moan as he slid home. "Fuck, you're a tight little bitch," he growled. He wasn't sure how Scott would tolerate a little bit of name-calling, but it seemed to fit with the way things were going. He stretched his neck out to nip at the ridge of Scott's ear, his tongue running over the flesh a moment later as his gaze shifted to Nat, drinking in the sight of her pleasuring herself.
Scott chuckled. He could understand that well. "It's possible that I've been accused of being a worrier once or twice."
Logan watched intently, content for the moment to give the two some space for a moment.
"Stark? Too much info," Logan decided. He briefly wondered if the idea had been to get the three of them in a pile in the same bed. He had to admit he wouldn't mind giving Steve a try, but the guy seemed a little too conservative or self conscious to try just a fling. Honestly, the idea had merit. //And then I'd *have* to kill Stark afterwards. Won't be able to put up with whatever random commentary he'd have.//
Logan sighed his approval and rested his arm across the back of the bench, his hand gripping Scott's shoulder. He lightly teased his lover's full lips with his tongue, then pressed further. He was glad Scott was comfortable with a little PDA. It felt good to know others could see that Scott was his.
Logan snorted. "Understatement. I've seen moms with a half dozen kids worry less." His eyes narrowed, though, as he picked up strains of the conversation from the next room. He wondered if he'd be able to get any credibility over Clint and Natasha. It seemed to him that he should have a chance. Neither had exactly come out as well off from their encounters with Loki as Logan had. Deciding he'd worry about what happened with that later, he turned his attention back to the two in the room with him. "Seriously. His other mutant ability is hypertension."
"I'm not damaged," Clint growled, thumping his fist on the table, then calming a moment later as Coulson put his foot down. Clint scowled in a way that made it clear he disagreed. "Who're you going to give it to? Tony Stark?" he scoffed. He glanced at Steve pointedly, then back to Coulson. "You're being awfully protective of me. If it comes down to it, I'm probably the most expendable. Besides, whatever sort of 'holes' there might be in my defenses, the hammer seemed to patch them up just fine."
Tony wanted to be angry. He wanted to yell at the god, beat him until he dropped the charade. Instead, Tony couldn't help but feel broken, pained. Even if Bruce and Simmons managed to find a way to restore Steve to his proper self, Tony knew he wouldn't live to see it. And if they didn't, Steve was suffering twice over thinking Tony was dead. He shivered, biting back tears and halfway tempted to try and take some sort of comfort in the illusion Loki was offering. "S... stop... Please..."
"I can't imagine that's ever going to happen," Tony remarked, casting his eyes over the feast Steve had prepared for him. His mouth watered at the delectable sight, and he realized just how truly hungry he was. He dug in immediately, showing his appreciation for Steve's cooking skills with a satisfied groan of pleasure. "You know a man could get used to this kind of service," he said, munching happily on his toast. "I'm glad I decided to keep you around."
Phil was proof that you could get tangled up with Loki and still survive, even if you were just a flimsy, normal human being. They both were, really, though the injuries Loki had inflicted on them had been very different. Clint felt like he was made of lead. He knew he should get to the showers and clean up, take his bow down, put it away, but it sounded like too damn much. "We're gonna get 'em back, right?" he muttered at the floor, the question flat, hopeless.
Clint chuckled softly. "You sound like you think I'm gonna slit your throat when I'm done with you," he said, crouching in front of Darien to make eye contact. He grabbed the other man's chin and pressed a rough kiss to his lips, then patted his cheek and stood without confirming or denying the idea. He stepped to one side of the table, running his fingertips up Darien's spine before reaching under his captive to undo Darien's belt. Clint could tell that Darien got off on the sense of danger, and if there had been any doubt, his hard cock would have dispelled the thoughts. Clint tugged Darien's jeans down to his knees, then ran his hand up the back of one exposed thigh to Darien's ass. Winding up, he gave the firm muscle a sharp slap that held nothing back. "Who do you belong to?" The question was quiet, intense, but didn't invite any backtalk.
"I know I could just use a company car, but it's just... cabs are more... casual," Steve explained with a shrug as they piled into the backseat and asked the man to take them to the nearest clothing store that wasn't an overpriced, creepy boutique. "Usually I just walk when I can."
Natasha felt a chill at the words.
The woman finally did smile. "I don't think any of the guards can actually stop me."
Coulson shot Logan a dark look as he and Scott moved to the other side of the room, immediately protective of Clint. He had to fight the urge to tell the man off. Instead he sat down next to Clint and sat as close as was seemly to the other man in the hope of calming him. "That may be. If he is, we'll know soon. Right now that's not the most important thing. This isn't about security, it's about Natasha." It was a little bit about both, but deep down Coulson knew which part meant more to Clint.
Strangely the outburst seemed to calm Coulson rather than upset him. He breathed a soft sigh of relief. "Good." The idea that Clint could have had the slightest inkling of what was going on and still gone through with it had made him furious and sick. "Good," he repeated almost to himself. Seeing the look of incredulity on Clint's face, he shook his head. "I needed to know. I needed to know that you didn't know." He braced his arms on the desk and rubbed at his temples to soothe away some of the tension for a moment. "Right now we keep them contained, and we proceed with trying to find Loki. Once we do, we make sure he doesn't get what he wants, and we try to negotiate a fix for Summers and Logan and Natasha. You should know that Director Fury is recommending we secure her as well until we're sure about her state of mind. I was going to take care of it, but I thought you might want to come along."
Logan was there a moment later, Scott in tow, and he looked around at the small gathering. Not much left. "Please tell me we've heard somethin' from Asgard."
====================
Clint pointed the neck of his beer bottle at Phil. "They're also never going to believe I'm in a monogamous relationship, especially with Agent Phil Coulson," Clint countered, punctuating his point by taking a swig. "Really, there's a lot of plausible deniability at play, here. It wouldn't be that tough to pull off. Throw in a little shock and awe and I bet we'd keep them confused for the better part of six months. I bet we could even recruit Nat for a little denial and deception. Put all that together, we could probably get away with all kinds of stuff. I'm think around the fifth or sixth date, we could even get naked in the ammo locker and nobody'd believe anyone that happened to accidentally catch us."
"Looks like that one," Logan pointed to Mjolnir, hanging at Thor's belt. "But more evil. Kinda makes people a little nuts when they use it."
Even with the tension of the moment, Scott had to fight a smile. Coulson was apparently as used to breaking up juvenile arguments as he'd been with the X-Men. "I think we can all be civil." He wrapped a hand around Logan's tense bicep. "Let's sit down."
Tony sagged a little with relief. Hopefully that meant that Steve was out of the woods as far as possibly dying, at least. Getting the serum to work or recreating it might be another story altogether, but if Steve was healing up from the gun's effects on his own - even if it was at a standard human pace - that meant that they had time and didn't have to rush a solution. "I messaged Bruce last night. Our discussion ended in him blocking my phone number, so I'll need yours later. But that can wait," Tony said. He wasn't going to let Banner off the hook that easily. Bruce probably knew that. Tony quickly stuffed a few pastries into his mouth and then settled back into his wheelchair. It was getting easier to move around even without it, but it also amused Tony to make Coulson wheel him around, so he hammed it up a little as he settled back into the chair. "Driver, I'm ready to go!"
Tony shrugged even as he somehow managed to keep dancing and edge a little closer. "Y'know, I've pissed off far scarier people... things... and lived. I'll be fine," Tony assured, briefly wondering how true that was. It was hard to get too worried with Steve so close. Truth be told, Tony had been eyeballing the tall blonde for awhile, but something had always held him back. Tony was too impulsive to worry about mixing business with pleasure, but when it came to catching feelings, he had a tendency to be slightly more cautious. "I think as long as I don't punch a baby in front of him, I'll be fine."
Fury had lived up to his name. He was angry at Loki, not at them, but since the team was present, they were the ones who bore witness to the Director getting as close as he ever did to truly losing his cool.
Steve couldn't help smiling back. "A little. Then more when we get home," he suggested. On the one hand, their burgeoning relationship was a lot more than sex to him. On the other hand, it was difficult not to indulge when there was so obvious a spark between them. "Unless you'd like me to be a little more traditional about all this. We started things off at the deep end of the pool, so there's nothing wrong with putting the brakes on for awhile and wading in a little more slowly."
Bruce refrained from commenting; Clint looked like he was going off the rails. The scientist instead tilted his head at Loki, eyes narrowed suspiciously. "What did you mean? 'Things aren't as they seem.' What are you-?"
"See? Worth moving," Phil observed. He got a muffled sound of approval from Natasha as he grabbed the blanket and pulled it up over all of them. They made for a ridiculous family, but he honestly couldn't imagine a better one.
Logan smirked at the scientist. "It is if I'm the one you ask," he countered easily.
Scott laughed aloud at the mental image and then kissed Logan until his knees felt weak. "I'd like that. Maybe if it's true I can actually help get Natasha back." Whatever role he'd incidentally played in her continued captivity, Scott wanted to make amends. "I want to be able to do something. Y'know, apart from you."
Natasha shoved the door open and was taking Logan's pulse a beat later. "You can take the blindfold off." She knew it was a risk, but she suspected it would be fine. If it wasn't, there would be property damage to deal with. As it was, they'd all be knee deep in meetings and paperwork for a month no matter what happened with Steve. After a long, tense moment, Logan's heart began to pump again. She muttered under her breath in Russian and rose in time to see Fitz-Simmons appearing in the door.
"Not happening," Phil answered more sharply than he'd intended. His expression softened faintly at the warning look Natasha gave him. "Unless it's absolutely necessary, I'd rather keep an eye on you myself."
Logan nodded. "Fair enough." He was about to try and think of something to add when Tony saved him from it.
"Well, that's all right, then." Tony clapped his hands and rubbed them together. "Something smells good in here, and I'm going to assume it's the food and not me." He flashed a knowing grin at Steve before making a beeline for the kitchen. The delicious aroma was heavier there, and Tony cast an appreciative eye over Steve's effort. "You really did all this for me? It's been a long time... well, maybe even longer... since anyone's gone to this much trouble." Tony leaned forward and asked Steven in a soft, playful voice, "You wouldn't be trying to seduce me, would you?"
Bruce overheard and was grateful for the laugh the exchange elicited. He hated the idea of having to fight Thor at all, and letting the Other Guy off the leash to do it sounded even worse. It was nice to know he had the Avengers as backup, though. "Maybe you should get his number before we go. You think Verizon covers this area?"
Darien stared at the man's outstretched hand skeptically for a moment before shrugging and taking it. "Darien Fawkes. You already know that, of course." As he withdrew his hand, he allowed, "My former line of work involved a lot more breaking and entering and a lot fewer bodily fluids. Not big on blood, but I'm not too proud to admit I'd prefer it be theirs than mine." He'd worked hard to try and get past being entirely self serving, but self preservation was a basic part of humanity. Darien was pretty sure that people who didn't think of themselves first at least most of the time lacked the will to really live. "So what now? I follow you out of here and SHIELD tells the Agency to stick it where the sun don't shine?" He supposed it didn't really matter who was holding the leash if he still had to wear a damn collar.
"Can't say no to that," Logan answered, pressing in for another kiss. Scott was irresistible when he begged. Logan slipped a hand under Scott's shirt, running it up his back before dipping it lower into Scott's jeans and mauling his ass. It felt too good to have the man crushed against him; walking away just wasn't an option. "You're too fuckin' gorgeous, y'know that?"
It took a half second for Tony to process the question and why he was being asked. "Colorado. We're gonna go to Colorado. Big cabin, far away." He met skeptical blue eyes and smiled faintly. "We were gonna have Nat make sure no one bothered us." He hooked his fingers into the suit's chest plate, trying to tug Steve towards him. "Any more stupid questions, or are you gonna very carefully wrap those arms around me and kiss me now? After," he directed his attention to Clint, "you make sure that your bruiser there doesn't turn his only shot at going back to normal into chunky salsa."
Steve couldn't help laughing between kisses. "You romantic fool you. And people act like you don't have any idea how to seduce a guy and keep him seduced." He was giddy with relief at the realization that they were still right for each other no matter how he looked or how his body had changed. "Maybe we should see about that shower now. Been awhile since we had time to do that together. Then we'll get you to sleep. Not a euphemism," he cautioned. "You need to get some rest if you're going to get up and be brilliant again in a few hours."
"Hey, you realize there's kind of a global emergency right now, right?" Clint barked. "We don't have time for you kids to go make out somewhere, O Glorious Leader."
"Yes!"
Logan raised an eyebrow. He was pretty sure that Stark's suit was worth more money than Logan had seen in the course of the past decade, and the place they were standing in front of looked like the cover charge required taking out a loan. In fact, the feral mutant hadn't even registered that it was a bar because he was expecting something a little more humble. "Uh, does this place have a dress code?"
Having regained as much composure as he ever had, Tony shrugged and moved to stand closer to Steve. "I think we've actually got the copyright on that. At least, I do." He shrugged, grabbing his drink from the bar again. "I mean, what're you going to do here? Chase geishas and fight Yakuza? Wait for your brother to turn up again?"
The pain gradually subsided and Bucky gave a firm shake of his aching head. “No,” he said tremulously, “no, I’m fine…” He tried to sit up but collapsed into Steve’s arms again instead. It was not an unpleasant situation to be in. In fact, it was something Bucky had been longing for ever since he awoke from his long sleep. What disturbed him were the random, nightmarish images that had flashed in his mind during the attack. “I just… saw something… I really wish I hadn’t.”
Logan stood from the table. "Right. On that note, think I'll go... settle in." He stood and tried to walk as casually from the room as he could. It was frustrating, really, that this egotistical, barely-sane scientist seemed to know more about him than he or Xavier could ever have possibly figured out. Part of Logan wanted to go beat answers out of Tony, and the other part just didn't want to admit that the man might have anything Logan would value so much.
Logan nodded. "Their odds're better, at least," he noted, thinking of the televised stunt that Stark had pulled during that alien invasion not too long ago. Logan wasn't a doctor, but it hadn't looked to him like Tony had been doing so well with the whole being alive thing at first. Logan had seen entirely too many X-Men lost in conflict either to death or to people like Magneto, who saw those around him as a means to an end. "Good news is, I'm apparently mostly indestructible, and Stark's too much of a tool to die."
Clint was busy smacking his forehead. //It was a bluff...// He grimaced a little before tuning in to Nat's words. He frowned at her assessment of Coulson's date. "So you're trying to say I'm way sexier than anything he's ever picked up," he deadpanned, the faintest hint of humor in his eyes. He shifted uneasily a moment later, wondering why they were still going down this rabbit hole when he wasn't that invested in the idea. "Don't you think he's a little old for me? And that it's a little weird considering he watched everything that happened in my bedroom for, like, six months? I mean, not that I'm not for transparency in a relationship, but... I can't imagine that being anything but painfully uncomfortable."
Tony managed to pout drunkenly as he put the bottle away. "Hey, I'm not the one who appointed me the guy who gets drunk for the three of us. I definitely remember that *not* being me."
"After the serum failed, Mr. Stark began experimenting with some of his alternate models in case you chose to use one. Given that the team is particularly understaffed, it seemed a prudent time to show you his efforts. Of course, he was rarely truly done with anything, but it has been tested and is safe for immediate use. You will have to accept my assurances on that, I'm afraid."
"Safest with you," Steve muttered against Tony's skin. He couldn't seem to talk himself into stopping long enough to say more, not with Tony twitching and gasping against him. He'd thought he would never hear those sounds again or feel the heat of his lover's body. The idea alone drew a ragged groan from Steve as he pressed himself in more firmly against Tony. He knew eventually that he'd need to give Tony enough room to breathe properly. Eventually. In the meanwhile, Steve nipped and sucked at the already-red skin.
The teasing was turning from light and fun to somewhat uncomfortable. Coulson had actually wiped more than a few videos specifically to keep from letting himself drift in that direction. When he couldn't keep a straight face any longer, he smiled and shook his head. "No. Not the way you're thinking." He didn't want Barton to think he was a complete pervert. He might have had one or two (or a few dozen) masturbatory fantasies about his coworker, but surprisingly few of them were fueled by anything grounded in reality. "I have some moral standing to uphold."
"Fine." Logan wrote the number on a voucher and handed it to J. It was a neutral money drop contact that would let the dirtbag cash in the voucher for the agreed amount.
Logan's gaze drifted uneasily to Clint.
"Oh, god," Tony groaned, but lead the way down to the garage anyway.
Clint smiled. "Thanks. Might take you up on that once in awhile," he said, honestly grateful. The archer was a true loner, preferring to recharge himself with training, reading, and generally hiding from the world in his spare time, but it wasn't rare for him to find himself wishing for a familiar face to talk to, even just a little. "And pretty glad you're not all about hurting me. Think I've had enough blows to the head. Probably get a few more before I retire. Rather not hit my quota too soon."
Tony didn't seem overly interested in backing off. "Dammit, Bruce, it's not fair-"
"Glad to hear it," Natasha purred, already moving her hips against Scott's cock and Logan's hand to remind them both what they had to look forward to. "Let's make sure everyone's as ready for the main event as Scott here is." It didn't surprise her that he was hard as a rock. Good as he was at going down on a girl, she'd pretty much expected him to get something out of it.
Logan knew by the disturbingly face-splitting grin on Clint's face that whatever the archer was about to say was probably going to upset Phil in ways heretofore unheard of. Naturally Logan couldn't help but find his own sadistic grin at the thought.
*****
"Whether you tell me or not... let's just say I'm not giving you enough room to get yourself in trouble for awhile," Natasha answered with a warm smile. She rose and followed the men, noting that they still remained entirely in one another's orbit. It could help. The attachment might be enough to help Clint focus through the task ahead. It might let him hang onto enough of himself to see him through. Once they were in the room, Natasha waited until both men sat down next to one another on the couch before she took a nearby chair.
Clint nodded, tugging on his vest and checking his weapons. He sincerely hoped they wouldn't be needed, because he was pretty sure that if Summers decided to fight, Phil would die and Clint wouldn't be far behind.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
"The chemical they used shocked your body back into a coma. You were only out for a few hours. JARVIS alerted us as soon as he was back online. It was a small window - five minutes, maybe ten. Unfortunately it was enough for them to get Tony."
The idea of blowing off a little steam was appealing, and Logan warmed at once to Natasha’s suggestion. "Yeah, I'll see if Scott's up for it," Logan said, shooting Scott a text. "I'll come with ya. Don't really do a lot o' long-range stuff, but it's been awhile since I played with a rifle."
"That's pretty metaphysical," Logan said, quirking a grin to let Scott know he wasn't judging. He gave Scott a reassuring clap on the shoulder. "Don't worry about it too hard. Far as I'm concerned, y'can stay here long as ya want. I don't really have a lot o' pull around here, but I can always leave if I don't like it." He looked around the kitchen as if checking for cameras or an impromptu, awkward visit from Coulson. "At least, I'm under the impression I can leave." He grinned faintly.
“If nothing else, I think it’s a guarantee I’ve never had better company at a movie.” Steve was mindful to give Tony his space. No matter how relaxed the man seemed, Steve knew what he’d been through now. He’d seen the cracks in Tony’s normally flawless armor, and he wanted to avoid at all costs doing anything to make him retreat again. Even with those fears, however, Steve couldn’t miss the spring in Tony’s step and the gleam in his eyes. The excitement was infectious, and Steve happily sipped his coffee as the opening scrawl played across the screen.
As the silence stretched out and Steve tried to control the fact that he was blushing like an idiot in the wake of Tony's brief, simple gesture of attention, Steve finally found his voice, "You know, I admire you. Not... not all this," he waved a hand to the car around them, "but your confidence. Whatever you do, whatever happens, it's like it was always planned that way. Like you saw it coming and you were ready before it even thought about happening. It reminds me of your father."
"I hear the moonshine here's great," Tony remarked, brashly settling into the seat Steve had politely left empty.
"Thanks," Clint said earnestly. He couldn't blame them. At all. If he'd been in Fury's shoes, in fact, Clint wasn't sure he'd even be roaming freely yet. "Glad it was you," he said, then felt himself blush. "I mean... I trust you. Still..." he took a deep breath, "pretty awkward, and it'll be awhile before I can make eye contact again, but... rather it was you than Hill or someone I barely know." He watched the monitor closely. It also felt pretty damn awkward snooping on Logan and Scott. He wasn't entirely sure he wanted the level of detail he had a feeling he was going to get.
Tony blinked uncomprehendingly at the other man. "Our relationship? You didn't have to tie me up and strip me down to ask me that." He swiped his tongue over his bottom lip, his mouth suddenly very dry. The drug was taking effect, and Tony fought to stay lucid even as it lulled him into a dreamlike state. "We're friends... teammates..." he began to slur. "Ever heard of the Avengers? That's us..."
Shaken from his admiration of the woman's graceful form thus bared, Clint did as he was told, kicking off his biker boots and shrugging off his leather jacket, letting it hit the floor with a hard thump. He still had a close-fitting sleeveless crew neck on and his biking leathers, but he was too anxious to get to his intended target to worry about shucking off anything else. Kneeling between Nat's graceful legs, he dared to imply a little affection by lightly kissing her belly as his calloused fingers hooked onto the barely-there strings of the thong and tugged them slightly downward. His lips teased at the top of her panties before he moved lower, his tongue stroking her sex through the silky fabric of the thong.
Steve couldn't help but smile as he watched Logan settle in as well. As the muscular mutant began to explore Tony's cock, Steve carefully slid another finger home. He gave the billionaire a moment to adjust to the invasion before twisting the digits and spreading them. He loved watching Tony's face flush and hearing the way his breath hitched. It was something he'd worried about before when he had found himself having distinctly more-than-friendly thoughts about his friend: how easily he could become addicted to those sounds and sights. With the exception of his brief relationship with Pepper, Tony wasn't exactly known for repeat performances. Steve wasn't sure he could stand this being a one time only deal. He squelched the fear in favor of enjoying the now and bent over to press a kiss to Logan's shoulder as the man leaned toward Tony.
Steve sucked in a quick breath, "Oh." His gaze locked on Tony's, but he couldn't manage any righteous anger. Yes, Tony was willing to let three teammates suffer, let them spend their lives in jail, but after that morning, Steve understood why. It was still selfish, but it also made him want to kiss the man senseless in front of everyone. "You know I have to do it, right?" He ignored everyone else in the room and watched only Tony.
Scott slammed a blast of concussive energy into Mystique as the woman tried to round toward them from behind and felt a rush of relief that he'd maintained control. Even after a few intensive sessions on the range, Scott wasn't feeling entirely confident. Control without mechanical assistance was new to him, and he was grateful to see the Hulk approaching Loki. Silently he prayed it would work as a solid distraction.
Clint stared dubiously. "I don't think that's a real science thing."
"You don't," Natasha countered breezily. "You don't hate either one of us. That's why Clint didn't put an arrow through my head to start with."
"Then we'll get him all he needs." Steve carefully lifted Tony into his arms, grateful to feel him even if he hated seeing the other man injured. As if on cue, a plane set down carefully just beyond the edge of the zoo. There would be some very pissed off air traffic controllers, but that didn't matter.
"We're taking him," Steve answered firmly. Though very few forces on earth could have persuaded him to divulge what had happened between the three of them over the course of the evening, it wasn't as if anyone would put that together from them simply showing up in the same place at the same time. "Did you have a specific place in mind?" he asked Tony, sure that the man had some private physician he could be whisked away to with minimal invasiveness from the press.
"Uh, yeah," Darien agreed. He was still watching the man like he might pounce at any moment, but it was becoming less likely that the stranger was there to kill him. "I've heard, but that doesn't quite clear up why I'm involved." He wasn't an idiot. The gland, of course, was what had the blood-covered man so interested. "If your bosses know what I can do, they also know about the maintenance that goes along with this whole thing, right? The shots? Because I can come along and play nice, but..." He held up his arm and indicated the tattoo on his arm, already half red. "Once this baby goes fully into the red, I'm not such a fun guy to have around anymore. Or a more fun guy depending on your point of view."
Scott begged off, sharing a quick smile with Natasha. "I'm guessing you want to see the real thing?"
"Let's just say I'd find your company a little more stimulating than schmoozing old fogies in tuxes." As if he was overheard, Tony smiled and raised his glass to one of the dignitaries in salute. He spun on his heel and gave Steve a thoughtful glance. "If you'd rather hang around here looking as bored as you do, that's fine by me." Slugging back the remains of his champagne, Tony took a meaningful step away from Steve as if to leave. He found it remarkably easy to wind the other man up, and it gave him a perverse sort of pleasure to push Steve's buttons.
"Your queen requests passage to the throne room. Stand aside," Sif announced, her dark eyes challenging any of the men to protest the words.
Fury looked back at Coulson. "If you can, pull Summers aside and see what you can get from him. Discreetly."
"Aspirin. All of it. Maybe water. Then all the coffee," Scott decided with a slow nod. He wanted to grab Logan and drag him back over into an embrace, but he didn't dare. The way he felt, he'd puke on the man instead of putting the moves on him. "I might even manage to get up and get those things myself any minute now." He hated to be too optimistic when it came to hangovers. Scott rarely drank in excess, and when he did, it hit him hard. "Y'know, if I'd kept my promise after that first time I got blackout drink in college and never drank again, I'd probably feel a fuck of a lot better right now."
Half surprised himself by the realization, Scott nodded, "I'm doing good." No one in the place knew them, and it was a pleasant thing to be temporarily free of preconceptions. "The change of scenery is helping." He perused the menu and ventured, "Even if I end up joining up with SHIELD officially, I might see about a place of my own. Somewhere close," Scott assured, "but I've never had my own space."
"Yeah, you can skip the showers." Tony grinned, running a hand over Steve's arm. "I mean, is it really that surprising? You get all flushed and mussed and pumped up, and you're surprised that I'd want to jump you right then and there?" Tony quirked an eyebrow at the other man and gave him a flirtatious grin. "We have met, right?"
Steve glared back at him, but he couldn’t muster any real anger. The truth was that the words sent a flutter of nervous excitement through him. Spending so much time with Tony had eased him into the world of easy, flippant flirtation. It was safe in a strange sort of a way. Glancing back at the picture, he smiled faintly. “It’s funny, it feels like it was a long time ago for you. For me… for me that feels like last week. That still feels normal. This is still the weird part. Sometimes I think I’m going to wake up back in our old apartment.”
Tony opened his mouth to protest, then grudgingly grabbed Steve's arm and took the liberty of using it as leverage to pull himself up and throw his arm around the blonde's shoulders. "I'm... can walk out of here wherever I want," he protested without really arguing.
The god disappeared, taking with him the spell that kept Natasha silent. She let out a stream of curses in Russian and then took a deep breath. "Idiot. Even if he does what he promised, how do you know that's all he'll do... to either one of you?"
The woman smiled, eyes bright. "We shall be victorious in Asgard, and then we shall bring the wrath of Asgard down upon Loki. You have my word."
Scott let himself relax marginally. "Feels good without them. Well, and weird. A lot weird, really, because it feels normal. I'm not used to normal." He inclined his head. "I guess neither one of us are." It was, Scott realized, entirely possible that they were hitting snags less because Logan was compromised and more because they were experiencing growing pains trying to figure out their new life. "I was thinking maybe I should start spending some time in my own room. No, hey, before you look offended... going from barely talking to dating and shacking up is too much for anybody. I needed it, don't get me wrong, but I don't... I don't want to break this because we're both holding on too tight."
"So, you're thinking it's a spoof. Which means he's trying to draw us out. Or at least draw his brother out," Tony said, putting down his own file. He'd already skimmed through Bruce's before his date despite his assertions to Steve that he intended to ignore anything that looked like work. He glanced at Fury. "That's it, then? You just shoved Thor in a bunker with a Rubix cube and told him to stay put, didn't you?" The comment was met with an imperceptible eyebrow twitch, and Tony nodded. "Thought so."
"Mmm... yeah, you might have to try again later. I'd hate to think we didn't do our damndest to make this thing work," Steve answered, laughing and rolling over to rest his head on his arms. He found it momentarily annoying that the return of his bonier frame meant it wasn't as comfortable as it could have been. "I may have to walk, though. I don't think my arms work as pillows anymore. Shoddy craftsmanship, I tell ya," Steve complained as he finally forced himself up into a sitting position and planted a firm kiss on Tony's lips. "Love you."
Something in Bucky’s tone set Steve’s nerves on edge, but he tried to shrug it off. What Hydra did wasn’t Bucky’s fault. The Winter Soldier was a different person for all intents and purposes no matter what the rest of the team seemed to think. The way much of the team was avoiding him, it was starting to feel like Bucky was the only one truly on his side.
Steve considered that, taking the beer gratefully when it arrived, and finally answered, "Let's just say there haven't been any opportunities that felt right." He'd been attracted to one or two people since his reappearance in the world, but Steve had never been good at quick and easy. On the rare occasions he gave in to such momentary impulses, he tended to feel more guilty than sated the day after. Turnabout was fair play, and Steve looked Logan over. "What about you? I think the waitress would be just as happy to take you home, but I haven't seen you slipping her your cell phone number. Safe to say you're unattached?"
"And he will be. Mr. Summers is a valuable asset, and if we can keep him here by cutting down a little coursework..." Coulson shrugged casually and met Logan's gaze. "We were able to work with you to that end. I thought offering Mr. Summers the same courtesy was the least we could do."
Slipping out of the cell, he quickly moved to Scott's and waited while Natasha keyed it open. Knowing the man couldn't see him, he announced himself. Logan didn't take the time to explain himself to Scott. He told Scott to stay still and keep the blindfold on in his most commanding voice, then went through the sequence of buttons as precisely as he could. //This is gonna hurt,// he thought, pulling the trigger. It didn't, in fact. Not for several seconds. Then it got hard to breathe. Hard to see. Hard to think. Soon enough, Logan was sagging to the cell floor. He could tell his heart had stopped. It wasn’t a new feeling. Logan sank quietly to the floor, the gun clattering on the cold metal as Logan faded.
Bucky could not argue with Coulson's logic. SHIELD had the resources to handle his particular problem, even if Bucky did not like the idea of being put down like a dog whenever he acted up. "Okay, you've convinced me," he begrudgingly admitted. "I'll stay." Sometimes Bucky had the impression that SHIELD just wanted to use him. What would happen when he remembered everything about Hydra and SHIELD no longer had any use for him? "Besides, I doubt Steve would even notice if I did leave," he murmured half to himself.
Normally Steve might have bristled at Natasha so casually taking control of things, but instead he nodded and let Thor lead him down the hallway to his own room. He hesitated outside of Tony's door, gaze lingering on the mussed sheets and the glass of water still sitting on the nightstand. "They wouldn't have him if it wasn't for me. This is about me, not about Tony."
"I can do slower. Promise," Tony said, smiling down at his lover. "Also... since we don't have time to go shopping, and since I figured you might not be feeling up to going to the mall, I had Jarvis find some stuff for you. Should be in our room by the time you get back." He didn't realize he'd verbally made his room into their room, continuing softly, "I, uh... your file said you had some eye problems, so there's glasses, too. Hopefully they're your style." He gave Steve's hand a gentle squeeze as they stepped into the elevator. It still felt weird, looking down to make eye contact. Tony was fairly used to having to actually look up ever so slightly to talk to the man. He gave the blonde a faint smile as the elevator slowed to a stop a few levels lower. "I think you'll look good in them."
Tony had the decency to blush at that, though it really made no sense, considering the circumstances. And considering the fact that he wasn't typically the shy sort. "Yeah, guess nothing but a towel might be a little awkward," he agreed, casting about until he found his discarded pants. He tugged them on, his eyes grazing over Loki as the god dressed himself. He sure as hell looked better without - //Stop it. Stop. Jesus.// He felt his cheeks flush a little more and covered for it by searching for his shirt. "And they might really wonder about your sanity if they find you running around buck naked."
"I'll see your funnel cake and raise you deep fried Snickers," Coulson answered. His stomach rumbled in apparent agreement with either idea, and he smiled ruefully. "Damn it, we might have to move. Apparently food is actually the primary motivating factor in my universe, not, y'know, actually saving the universe. Go figure." He continued to stroke his hands over Clint as if he was in no particular hurry anyway. "Maybe a nice, cold, overpriced beer to go with it?" It sounded like the perfect fair experience, and Phil was pretty sure they'd sweat off most of the calories they took in anyway.
Logan raised an eyebrow at the archer, then cautiously approached Victor, whose blood was pooling around his head. Logan looked his brother over, then glanced back to Nat. "It'd take more than that to kill 'im, but he's gonna take a minute to start breathin' again. Might wanna put some handcuffs on 'im."
"I think I can handle a snake. And then we'd have food," Clint pointed out, smiling a little as he noticed Phil relaxing. He shifted around until he'd wallowed out a decent, cool pit in the ground, then laid back. He tugged at Coulson until his handler relaxed and settled against him. It was a little uncomfortably warm, but he knew they'd get cool quickly in the shade. That, and he needed the reassurance of contact while he slept.
"Well, it won't be the first time I've had to show them on the doll," Clint remarked, smiling grimly. He remained nestled against Phil a moment longer before reluctantly drawing away and locating pants and a shirt. "Y'know, if I'm gonna keep staying here, I'll eventually need to bring some clean clothes up that didn't come from medical." The thought of talking about what had happened without Phil sounded almost as painful as the idea of having the man with him. He really just wanted to curl back up with his handler and stay in the bed another day or two. "Want some eggs and bacon? I'm decent at cooking those."
Logan sobered a little, taking a deep breath. He quietly ran his hands over Scott's arms as if to ground himself in the moment. "I've lost a lot o' people," he said quietly, looking into his lover's eyes. He pulled Scott close, more for his own comfort this time. "It hurts. But you get used to it."
Though he wanted less than ever to be apart from Tony, Steve reluctantly agreed, nodding as he trudge over to a too-small, too-hard chair and sat down. He typed a quite note to Pepper to get the files from the top of his desk. Bucky's was at the top of the stack of those that he'd requested from Director Fury after joining the Avengers initiative. He'd wanted to see it all laid out, the lives of the people that he'd left behind and the ones who he'd lost even before that. He felt numb. The day had been too surreal. Tony was in the hospital and somehow Bucky was alive. Bucky, who he'd watched fall to his death decades before.
The pair of them were impossibly cute, and Simmons shook her head at the lingering parting. "We could do with a big of magic," she agreed quietly to Bruce as they all got back on task.
Steve smiled at the invitation. He set the phone carefully on the nightstand, well within reach, and slid into bed next to Tony, even pulling the covers over himself just to share more space with the man. Almost at once he felt more content and less stressed out despite his worry for Natasha. "This is perfect," he sighed, gingerly embracing Tony. "And you're more of a sap than you let on. You like this. You like cuddling me," Steve teased as he kissed Tony's dark, mussed hair.
Logan turned his head, his teeth clenching on the cigar in his mouth. The pair carried a faint smell of gunpowder and machine grease, reminding him a little too much of other military personnel he'd dealt with. The blonde looked like a poster-boy for Uncle Sam from about seventy years ago, and the other guy looked and smelled like he had too much money and spent too much time in a lab. Neither profile put Logan terribly at ease, especially since they'd somehow found one of his hiding places and made it a point to plop down next to him at the bar.
"Thor, I'd feel better if Lady Sif stays on your couch for the night," Natasha pointed out. Despite the man having more or less his own kingdom and not really needing a room, Tony had still set a suite up for him. "If your brother tries anything stupid, at least then you've got back up."
The universe apparently wasn't interested in letting them rest too long because a voice cut in, "Forgive the interruption, but Director Fury has requested your presence in the main briefing room."
The redhead smiled broadly. It was nice to know someone appreciated her efforts even if it wasn't the two people at the center of her hopes. If Clint had looked back, he might have thought she was just leering at Scott and Logan.
Clint's hands were fisted in the fabric if Loki's sleeves, trying to push him away, but whatever the god was doing to him made it impossible to move. "Let me go," he managed to grate out, the energy swirling more strongly in his eyes.
The treatment was having its intended effect, and Scott could barely get himself together enough to demand what he wanted. It was surprisingly overwhelming to see Natasha lying next to them fucking herself with her fingers while Logan growled into his ear. "Harder... Logan, please... fuck me harder," he finally panted, driving himself back against his lover's hips in a desperate bid for more.
Clint sagged back against the couch, looking like his mind was completely blown. "I... not a big deal? So, you did Coulson on a mission, and that... I can't... and why do I need a heads-up about kinks?" he asked, his mind finally catching up to the first half of the conversation. "I did not decide I was dating Coulson. That was a theoretical conversation. A really awkward one." Clint was pretty sure he'd need a few days before it was possible to make eye contact with his handler.
Victor gladly obliged, releasing Loki's hips and digging claws and fingers into the mattress to give him purchase. He began pounding Loki with abandon, using his willing body with relish. He cursed and moaned with nearly every thrust as his climax built, until he finally sank razor sharp teeth into Loki's neck and growled as he came.
"Do you have any IDEA what kind of PR nightmare this is, Captain?"
"Sure," Clint replied, passing Coulson another cup. "Least I could do, since I think I drank a good three-quarters of the last pot." He lifted his cup to his lips, deliberately took a sip, swallowed, then asked, "So, you've really got the pants?" When Coulson nodded, Clint couldn't help a faint blush. Maybe the boxers were 'too intimate,' but Clint couldn't help but find the pants only slightly less so. "I think... I think I might be flattered," he said with a faint laugh.
No sooner does the inferno pour forth than Victor speaks again, voice low as perdition, and the ground quakes. The earth under their boots bucks like a hurricane deck. Tony nearly falls off his feet; even Victor exerts real effort to remain upright. The sand pulses outward in circles, the ripples knee-high if they’re an inch.
When he comes back, Tony is standing inside, shifting his weight from one foot to the other.
What do you hope?
Steve clears his throat. “You volunteering to help me write answers to these?”
well that and he was a wizard
Tony accidentally socks a horse in the face. He
There's also the members of Steve's team who've already been captured and imprisoned in the Negative Zone. Jen doesn't have to say out loud that their futures are contingent on Steve's cooperation, too. Someone in charge knows Steve won’t refuse, with their freedom at stake.
“Well Mister Wormseed, as an interested party, financially speaking, what endeavors did you and Mister Honton have in common?”
“Wow, truly embarrassing for you. Yeah, I’m starting to see why we’ve never spoken to each other before now. Constantly interrupting, inferior phone, insinuating I can only work Stark tech—I don’t know how Steve puts up with you—”
“Oh,” Steve says. He shoves his reaction aside, packs it away into the root cellar for winter, and waits for Stark to keep talking.
“Maybe not usually, but when Stark upsets you, you get all pinched and your eyebrows scrunch up, almost like you’re trying not to sneeze except also like someone took away your teddy bear.”
Rhodes sputters out a laugh. “Well yeah, of course we would.”
i’ve said no such thing
Were they helpful?
Tony lifts his chin. “Don’t pretend you don’t want to,” he sneers. “You’re furious.”
“Don’t—is it like that?”
When he gets there, JARVIS won’t let him in.
When he’s sure he can speak calmly, Steve turns and says, “Was it a mistake to trust you, Tony?”
“We sure” —Parker pauses for dramatic effect— “
He just—knowing it was coming doesn’t make this easy. It’s one thing for Steve to stick to impractical ideals, to attack what he doesn’t understand, to assume the worst of Tony. That’s—it’s awful, and frustrating, because Tony still fucking believes in this, in accountability and structure and keeping it from being an absolute slaughter, and at the moment he can’t quite see how that means he has to die.
“Like coming up with attack formations and battle plans. Like working on strategy and recruiting and training.”
Hydra’s systems have no defense against a technopath. By the time Steve’s pulled Tony into a kiss, Tony has full control of the helicarrier and its security systems. He lets Steve guide their mouths and then their bodies, lays back and lets Steve run his hands over Tony’s freshly healed skin. Tony schools his expression into one of delight and awe. It’s easy to replicate the pitiful gratitude and wonderment of his past, lesser self.
He turns to Steve. “Hey. So, thank you. You didn’t have to get involved or come out or—”
Steve barely restrains himself from rolling his eyes. “What, sharpening pencils for Fury? Organizing Pepper’s files?” He shakes his head. “I’m pretty sure you’ve already built robots that can do all of that better than I can right now.” Now that he’s colorblind again, he wouldn’t even be able to decipher Pepper’s color-coded labeling system.
It can be pretty cool to visit if you avoid the .303 Bookworms and other library critters
“We already get along so well,” Tony replied, not opening his eyes. “You find it so easy to like me and think well of me. I just figured it would change your opinion of me. Or you'd think I was just being humble.”
The mirror over the bar is twelve feet long if it’s an inch, all one pane of glass. Nodding said it’d come from New York down through the Panama Canal, to San Francisco, to Carson City, by boat, cart, burro, and carried by hand, all to get to Timely. The men in town don't like to drink or gamble anyplace they can't see who's coming in the door. It was Nodding's largest expense in setting up his business, but paid for itself in a matter of months.
(That’s the plane of existence created by the interdimensional conjunction of libraries and bookshops that pierces the fabric of the space-time continuum)
so like
They’re greeted by an ensign named Sindrison, who has a battle-ax hanging from a belt buckled over his uniform. The ensign leads them to a small room, done in much the same style as the room they slept in on the
“I dunno how you do it, man,” Hardison says with, Tony thinks, some admiration in his voice. “But they are eating you
Tony’s voice rings out across the room. “Hey computer: drop gravity levels to zero.”
a bicep reads. Beside it is a crude sketch of a syringe with droplets spilling out the tip. Below that is a drawing of a penis, also with droplets coming out the end. His other arm has a laughing Iron Man faceplate and a note that says,
yeah you should pitch that to fury
Victor keeps to himself, consumed by the book—or consuming it, is more like. He calls it the Darkhold, and the topic of its contents dominates his dinner conversation. It’s enough to put a man off his food, which is already easy enough to do to Tony since he quit the drink, but he makes himself eat the hearty stews and doughy, plump bread set before him.
His way slopes ever on and ever down. The stench of fetid breath pervades, as does a growing sound Tony recognizes in seeping dread to be the huffing of hogs devouring raw flesh.
“Steve,” Tony says, wishing he could stop his heart racing. “What do you want?”
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you. I’m sorry I left you there.”
"No matter what," Steve repeats slowly, mouth moving like he's tasting every word.
Steve pressed his lips against Tony’s. Their mouths parted against each other. Tony reached out and stuck his fingers in Steve’s hair, tugging him closer.
People make the mistake of thinking that lying is special. Lying is not special. Everyone does it, in the same way that everyone relieves their bowels, embellishes on their resumes, hates getting stuck in DC rush hour traffic, and makes questionable romantic decisions at various times in their life.
Tony got us out of the library with the robots and flesh-eating shadows!
he’s been attempting to find the culprit but of course there isn’t one
guys?
Steve’s apartment is empty. It’s never too warm or cold to sleep, and he lives alone. His bed is the only furniture he’s bought, and there’s no collection of books under it. The books he amassed in this century—gifts from Tony, mostly, eager to help Steve catch up on the decades of science fiction and fantasy he’d missed—were lost with the mansion. The handful of replacements he’d bought after its destruction—and the box-set of
man don’t even type that shit
i have not
just. way more than anything should have
Tony reaches solid ground after near an hourly of clambering down rows of teeth like rungs of a ladder. Well, solid it might be, but ground it is not; the surface under his feet, and in fact the walls of the cavern where he stands, are pink and wet and heave with the rhythm of a great, breathing beast. The undulation under his feet is not unlike the rocking of a boat, and this is what Tony imagines he is walking upon.
“Anthony, why don’t you and Steve trade volleys with each other, I had heard Mr. Rogers isn’t quite strong at that. And now you, Mr. Barnes, why don’t we talk about your serve? I believe it to be splendid, but there’s always room for improvement.” The three players nod at Jarvis like a triplet of five year olds. Tony unzips his bag for his racket, taking a couple of balls and putting two in his pocket.
The next morning, he wakes early. He changes into running gear and runs along the beach tracks. Steve hears the sound of folding waves and roaring seagulls accompanying his run, the warm sea breeze a nice change from the usually chilly New York. Steve gets back to the mansion to ready breakfast for them both, easily crafting a coffee towards Tony’s preferences, and some french toast to accompany it. Now, all he has to do is wait until Tony exits his bedroom, and then they can eat together, preferably in the patio whilst enjoying the true ocean view the mansion provides them with.
The stone doesn’t even reach his knees, but the reality of it is so much bigger. He kneels down onto the grass, plucking a few stray strands, patting the grass and lying a bouquet of flowers on the grave.
“Who hurt you?”
“What move? And please, call me Tony.” He’s so irritating. And maybe Steve has had two too many drinks.
Oh? All I read is the name unknown
“To another one, and many more to come.” The amber liquid evaporates in one straight smooth gulp. The tumblr bumps on the marble countertop he lays it on. Now, he rests.
As if it were yesterday again, food started to fill the table. Different assortments of pasta, shapes and varieties  he sure didn’t know about before.
Steve walks down the steps of the workshop, walking in and finding Tony asleep on the couch, a blanket draped over him- probably done so by DUM-E. He slowly shakes him awake.
“I’m a realist,”
. And in that moment, he feels as if he has been slapped in the face by the Hulk, and more than ever Rhodey wishes this is some cruel joke Tony is playing and that he’ll walk into the room making a remark on how stupid Rhodey is to even for a moment Tony could just die like that- die that easily. But no, it’s real. Anthony Edward Stark, his best friend, is
. There has always been talks of the Stark boy. How can they not talk of him when he’s the product of two incredible players? The attention became more enveloping the second they branded him
“Steve Rogers.” Tony says to Pepper the moment she enters the sitting room of the hotel suite. Pepper of course, looks down to Tony- “What about Steve Rogers?” she quirks at him.
Tony plays a familiar tune and it’s a thing of beauty. See another thing about Tony, is that Tony has all these hidden sides to him. Tony as a pianist isn’t really a sight that’s visible a lot of the times, in fact it’s quite the opposite. Steve knows that there’s a music room in the tower, in the Avengers mansion. He knows that it’s never dusty, and that it’s well played. But private. Steve loves the way Tony sits on the piano, his hands flowing with trained grace. The thing about Tony that he loves is how passionate Tony is in expressing himself to the things he does. Steve decides, there’s no better artistry on earth than what Tony Stark holds with his music.
“Not a chance, Steve.”
.” And if it’s true that Howard is Steve’s coach well, that certainly would hurt. Howard Stark is always stuck in the opinion that no one is as good as him, that no one will ever be able to fulfill his expectations, which was his reason for not wanting to coach anyone. So why would Howard of all people- coach the disappearing act of Steve Rogers? Nothing about it makes a single sense. Nothing. His father’s time has always been ‘precious’ as Howard likes to dub it. He couldn’t even dedicate a little bit of time to his son in the past thirty or so odd-years and now he’s suddenly committing himself to another player?
The room feels suddenly lacking. The words
She softens a little. “He’s okay,” Jan says after a moment. She looks him up and down, no doubt taking in his sweaty gym clothes and disheveled appearance. “Is that why you’re here?”
True! But he seemed unable to perform magic, or at least unable to do so easily, now that he’s an orangutan.
“I’m keeping these,” Tony says, mouth wet from Steve’s tongue. “It’s okay to shower with these, right? Nope, don’t answer that, I’m going to anyway, I’m not taking these off for the rest of my life, you want ‘em back, you get ‘em off my corpse.”
Talk of Steve’s hypothetical, patriotic-themed armor—“Hear me out: bald eagle wings with articulated feathers made out of vibranium”—takes them all the way to the Arena of War for their sparring practice. Every time Tony mentions the arc reactor, Steve thinks of asking him—
Missus Knight speaks plainly and keeps Steve’s eye the whole while, barely glancing down at her sewing. Her stitches are quick and even, unhampered by her false arm.
“Ya don’t think, a man could do sumthin' like that, he’s a step away from a murderer already?”
For a bit, Tony takes part in the conversation. Steve just lets the voices wash over him. He’s drunk enough, or tired enough, or both, to not care that he’s awake and bored. Tony starts out gesturing widely with his hands, but after startling Steve several times—“Woa there Cap, sorry, guess you get spooked pretty easy when you’re buzzed!”—lounges against the back of the couch, his hands tapping at his legs instead.
“There you go,” Tony says, his hands gripping Steve’s hips with bruising strength. He punctuates each word with a thrust that rocks the bed.
“It’s a matter of principle,” Natasha says, her face blank now, her voice mild. “What’s the point in having knives if you can’t use them to hurt people when you need to?”
Tony gets right to it. “Hey, right, so, this is out of nowhere, but, weird question, do you—”
“Usually?”
what does the floor look like?
“Well,” Lieutenant Gonzales says, glancing between them and getting to her feet, “I think you two have a lot to think about. I’ll leave you to it. We’ll reach Frontier Outpost 12 in just over ten hours. You have quarters on the passenger deck. If you need anything, the ship’s computer can direct you anywhere you’d like to go, answer your questions, or get you in contact with me, if you prefer. Enjoy your evening.”
But Steve trusts him to tell the truth. “I love you,” Tony says, and the interval of a second melts to an ocean. There is no measure of time, no way to calibrate it, and it drags, its passing excruciatingly slow..
Heroes, Avengers, Team Iron Man, SHIELD
“Oh yeah?”
“Why is he so afraid of letting people know he’s sick? We’d all just want to help,” Steve gripes.
Of course, he could be both.
Before he can fire again, a crowd of women comes between Tony and Lester. Missus Danvers, Missus Knight, Missus Wilson, Missus Williams, Missus Storm. The town widows.
That’s who he is. He does the job. The world needs Captain America. The world needs heroes, and they think that’s him.
Tony’s eyes narrowed.
“Because of you and me? Or because of what they made you do?”
Yeah, Steve’s been wearing a lot of photostatic veils lately. Tony isn’t quite sure what to do. His instinct is to give Steve a hug, but doesn’t know if they’re there yet. Just—hugging each other without asking or trying to wind up for sex.
“Yes,” Tony says slowly. “But it’s um. Really new. And kinda-maybe-sortof a secret? It’s a whole thing.”
or the one where his eyes sparkled at you meaningfully
He might not even know what’s happening to him. Steve could sever his brainstem before Tony knows he’s moved.
“People say all kinds of things, don't mean they ain't seen nothin'.”
–  Slang for coffee, taken from a popular brand of the time
“Cap,” Maria had replied, “anyone with sense has given up on you looking like you even know what a facial expression is, let alone an emotion.”
In the morning, Tony wakes to Steve grinding against Tony’s groin. But he doesn’t force Tony to participate further, doesn’t  penetrate him. He just rolls his hips, pressing his hard cock to Tony’s skin. Tony’s mouth is dry and his head is cottony. His limbs are sluggish, anesthetized by drugs and remembered pain. He cries as Steve ruts against him, forgetting why he’d been trying not to.
because that was spoken in confidence or whatever
“It’s home,” Steve says, smiling, but he’s looking at Tony when he says it.
Did Stark try to hook up with himself?
“Yes, please do.” Tony turned on a tablet and rested it against his bent legs. “This is definitely the perfect time to have a heart-to-heart.”
“mr. stark”???
When he was brought to a holding cell at the compound, Natasha asked him, “What do you remember?”
“Ah,” Tony replies, for lack of anything better. “And yourself? What name do you go by?”
“Sounds like a real stick-in-the-mud.”
It’s like Steve refuses to understand. He compares what Tony did to what Jan and Hank went through, but that’s not the same at all. Tony almost killed innocent people with his recklessness, and wasn’t Steve just accusing him of doing the same thing now?
Steve looked sheepish while Tony muttered something about
Tony coughs. “Hey, so: in the interest of, um, honesty, full disclosure, all of that. He’s also my ex.”
time in history?” Tony says.
"Whatever I did, let me make it up to you. Let me show you what you mean to me. You've given me so many chances, and I don't deserve another one, but I—you must know." Tony's voice breaks, and Steve reaches out and rests his hand on Tony's. It grounds him; he's here, in this bed, magic symbols written on his skin, and he failed, and Steve is here anyway. "I always hoped you carried my name the way I carry yours, but I—I never believed you could."
He wishes he knew a magic incantation to let him trade places with the Tony Stark who'd drunk himself unconscious the night before Steve died. A sober Tony Stark might've gotten himself between Steve and Lester's bullet. The drunk one would be standing here now, in what's left of Pym's shop, taking in the sight of Virgle’s bloody, charred body through a haze of whiskey and rapidly fading consciousness.
Steve chewed on his lips, almost nervous, searching Tony's face. “There’s something I want to show you.”
And Steve is already so, so disappointed in him.
As if on cue, it opens onto the last of Fisk’s boys. “Guess what, drunk?”
Level 70: 3520
—do it again."
Rhodes shook his head. “A spell that specifically forces you two to only tell each other lies.”
what is with you and little shops
James replied, “I don’t know.”
“There he is,” Steve says, relieved to have an excuse to cut the conversation short and avoid further discussion of Winter’s songwriting. “See you tonight!”
“That’s why you left Club A all of a sudden that one time, right?”
. Everyone loves you. Hardly any chatter from Evangelical or any other conservative groups. A couple of ‘em just sent out a brief statement reiterating their views on ‘homosexuality,’ without even mentioning you by name. Fox News just had a line on the news ticker: ‘Billionaire and Iron Man Tony Stark comes out as bisexual.’ Hey, they even got the term right, way to hit the bare minimum, Fox News.”
Steve tries to notice when Tony slips him something or injects him. Instead, he wakes up naked on his bedroom floor, just like the month before and the one before that, this time with something shoved in his ass. There’s come in his hair and on his chest and thighs. The place Tony bit has healed, but the specks of blood are still there. He rises to his feet, finds the flared end of the plug sticking out of him, and pulls it out all at once. What lube there’d been is long since dried, and the toy drags roughly across his passage.
and does your armor protect you from those shadow things? because in that case you should’ve been the one protecting him
“Fascinating,” Vision said. He had been watching Star Trek: the Original Series and felt a kinship with Commander Spock.
Steve hadn’t had his hopes up, exactly—it hadn’t sounded like a date, he was pretty sure he’d know it if Tony Stark asked him out on a date, he’d heard him ask Natasha and Pepper and Eric and Claire and Peter Quill and once even Jan on dates, and, well,
“I hate this town,” he hears a man growl. “I been shot, punched, beat, and now burned.”
“Nuthin’ to concern yourself with, Sheriff,” Stark says.
“That was really good, Pete,” Tony said, resting a hand on his head.
“Are you enjoying the book, Pete?”
“Who doesn’t like pizza?” Pete asked.
They arrived at the museum a short time later. When they parked, Pete was the first one out of the car.
“How was he?”
“Nothing, captain, they merely ate too much and are now sleeping it off.”
“Cheese it is,” Tony said, sitting down on one of the sofas. “Pete, the usual?”
“Okay.”
“Do you like it?” Tony prompted, setting down the cake in front of Pete.
“I’m four years, three months and seven days old,” Pete said. “I like bugs and doing math and science. I also like drawing.” Pete looked at them. “What about you?”
“Hello sirs,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. responded.
“He’s stronger than most of the kids his age,” Claire said when it was obvious that Pete wasn’t going to answer. “And he’s got heightened senses, except for his sight.”
“Okay,” Pete said enthusiastically. “Pancakes?”
“You bet,” Hank said, heading to the elevator. “I’ll see you both in a couple of days.”
“What? Make you go where?”
“Of course, Pete.”
“Like anyone can keep me out of trouble,” Tony grinned.
“Okay,” Pete said. All the Avengers stood to leave.
“Yup,” Clint answered, looking pointedly at a knife on the counter. “Although, I wouldn’t mind some help chopping the lettuce.”
“Very impressive, Pete,” Steve added. “And just in time,” he said as their waiter came back with their food.
“That’s great, Pete.” Tony grinned, taking Steve’s hand over the table and squeezing it. He could tell Steve was panicking about not getting Pete into school in time. “And you aren’t having any trouble with multiplication? Have you started multiplying two digit numbers yet?”
“We would never,” Tony said, wrapping his arms tighter around Pete.
“Yeah, but I mean who wouldn’t be excited to see me?” Tony asked, winking at Steve.
“Would you say that poses a danger to Pete?” Hank asked.
“No, thanks,” Pete answered.
“I only told her once, when I had an accident.”
“So, the plan is we’re going to take you out to dinner just the three of us, and then we’ll have a movie night at home with everyone. Does that sound good? Are you hungry enough to eat?” Steve asked, looking over his shoulder at Pete in the back seat.
Steve rolled his eyes affectionately and linked his hand with Tony’s as they approached the front step.
“What sort of altercations?” Steve asked, tight lipped.
“Do you have any other questions?” Tony asked.
“I thought you liked bugging Thor.”
“I like those too.”
The Avengers go to the home to meet Pete.
“Hey fellas, time to get ready for supper,” Steve said.
“Meatlovers.”
“I also like math and science,” Tony said. “and when we’re not fighting bad guys, I’m working on clean energy.”
“I’d really like to make it work, if possible,” Tony reiterated.
“Awesome!” Pete cried.
“Well, I think it’s time for us to go,” Tony said, looking at his watch. “It was good to meet you, Pete, and we’ll see you soon, okay?”
Thor looked exasperatedly between the two of them. “No more after that box, alright?”
“Now, there is an under 5s class we thought we’d try, and then see how we feel after that, alright?” Tony asked.
“I’m always hungry,” Pete answered with a smile.
“That’s very good remembering,” Steve told him. “Anything else?”
“That’s the one,” Steve said. They had been talking about wanting to visit the Children’s Museum for the Arts, but hadn’t managed to get there yet.
Christine’s hand tightened on Tony’s as she looked around.
“One, please.”
“Don’t make me go away,” Pete said around a sob.
“Cool.” Pete grinned as he chomped into his last chip, spilling crumbs everywhere.
“Hello everyone, let’s get started. Welcome, welcome. Let’s start with a welcome song.” She clapped her hands together.
When they arrived on their floor, the doors slid silently open, letting them out without F.R.I.D.A.Y.’s customary announcement of their arrival.
Pete shook his head, watching Steve and Tony deliberate from behind half-lowered lids.
“I believe he’s speaking at a University today,” Natasha said, craning her neck so that she could see the giant electronic chart on the wall.
“Yes, well, we have a complicated relationship.” Loki looked down at his closed book and then up at Pete. He sighed loudly, but there was a mischievous glint in his eye. “This book was boring anyway. Where are the cookies?”
Pete mumbled something unintelligible into the crook of Tony’s neck.
Tony and Steve had been talking about having Pete’s friend Christine come visit ever since he had gotten comfortable in the tower. They had contacted Claire and were all set to take Christine home with them for the weekend.
“Sure,” Tony agreed.
Steve stood there feeling wholly unfulfilled for another moment. Taking a calming breath, he smiled coldly at Claire.
“Yeah, he’s definitely unique.” They all sat in silence as everyone soaked it in.
“So, how is life as new foster parents?” Claire asked as she sat down, motioning them to take the seats across from her.
“Not at all,” Tony said. “All experiments and procedures carried out in my laboratories are not in any way life threatening, and I have installed protocols with my A.I. that will request approval before allowing Pete into the labs and other areas deemed dangerous to a four year old. I fully plan on providing Pete with an enriched education, which includes experiments in the lab, but nothing that will ever pose a threat to him.”
“Steve, we just adopted Pete,” Tony protested, but his argument was a weak one.
Steve left the room quietly, anger thrumming below the surface. He stalked back to where he had left Claire, to find her with the baby still in her lap, working on paperwork.
“Where would I live?”
“Good. Really good,” Steve said, putting his hands in his jean pockets and nodding. “This is definitely a case that we are interested in looking into.”
“Alright, blocks in the tub and then to the carpet,” Steve said, scooping up the blocks and putting them in the tub while Tony watched from the wall.
She nodded, this time more subdued.
Claire stood and walked them out of the office, joining Pete and Christine in the hallway.
“What would make you say that, Pete?” Steve asked.
“There are few people whom I really love, and still fewer of whom I think well. The more I see of the world, the more am I dissatisfied with it; and every day confirms my belief of the inconsistency of all human characters, and of the little dependence that can be placed on the appearance of merit or sense.” Loki took a moment to look at Pete. “The first sensible Midgardian romance I’ve read.”
Steve left them to it, going back into the living room.
“That’s what I thought.”
“Lunch,” he announced, dropping the plates and bags onto the table. “Be right back.” He went back into the kitchen and got three plates and three glasses of water. “How many sandwiches do you want, Pete?” he asked.
“Should we try to move him?”
“Whoa there!” Steve called as he hastily scrambled out of the car. “Wait for us Pete.”
“Let’s go play with those blocks,” Pete said, pulling Christine over.
“Nice to meet you,” she said, shaking their hands. “We’ll be starting in a few minutes, if you guys want to start moving to the carpet.”
“Yeah,” Pete said, looking at his feet.
“Yeah!” Pete answered, turning to Christine. “It’ll be so much fun! There’s paints and stuff and we don’t just have to look at art, we can MAKE art!”
“Hello, Christine,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. said smoothly. “It’s nice to meet you.”
“We sure are,” Tony answered.
“Thanks,” Pete said shyly, sliding into the backseat. Tony took his place in the driver’s seat, and Steve slid into the passenger seat.
“Hang on, I thought we were only allowed one favourite colour!” Clint cried from beside Natasha. “Well in that case, my favourite colours are purple, black and blue.”
“You saw them doing it?”
“We have access to any movie here. Is there one that you wanted to see that you haven’t been able to yet?”
“This is your bed,” Pete said proudly after flicking on the lights to his room. “It’s right beside mine. That way if you get scared I’ll be right there.” They had talked with Pete about how Christine might get scared in a new place and how to help her with that.
“Do you want to talk about it?” Steve reached his hand out, trying to offer comfort to Pete.
“Thank you for telling us,” he said as he stood. “I’d like to see Pete now.”
“About ready to go?” Steve asked, poking his head in.
“Nope. I’m s’posed to start next year.”
“Popcorn?” Steve asked.
It was a hole-in-the-wall place that had opened just before Steve had been injected with the serum. He had been thrilled to see that it had survived into the twenty first century and had taken Tony there on their first date. It had kept it’s 20s appearance with modern renovations to keep it up to standard, which was another reason Steve was so charmed with it. Small tables complete with white cloth tablecloths, wooden chairs with high backs and lamps hanging over every table were part of the appeal.
“Go find him,” Steve said without preamble. “I’ll be right behind you.”
“Looking good,” Steve said, walking over to Natasha and peering over her shoulder at the meat. The spicy smell wafted up from the pan. “No onions, right?”
“Sure,” Tony said, a little quieter but still smiling. He cut a big corner piece and set it in front of Pete. “There you go, Pete,” he ran his free hand down the back of Pete’s head quickly before reaching for the next plate.
Tony sat on the edge of Pete’s bed. “You know, I get nightmares too,” Tony said softly from beside them.  “And Steve always helps me through mine. He’s good at it,” Tony smiled softly at Steve. “You’re gonna be okay, bud.”
“Watcha working on?” he asked, peering over Tony’s arm so he could see the screen.
They pulled up to the orphanage, a wave of emotion flowing over them. Although they had only spent a handful of hours total at the building, it held memories already treasured by them all. Pete was in the backseat, practically bouncing with excitement at getting to see his friend.
“I’ve just got to talk to Claire for a moment, I’ll be right back.”
“And if your A.I. fails?”
“What’s wrong?” Tony asked when they were sat at Claire’s desk. The baby on Claire’s lap blinked curiously at them from the other side of the desk.
Steve and Tony stepped out of the sports car, looking up at the two-storey house sprawled out in front of them. It was sandwiched between two other houses that were equally as ramshackle and wide-spread. It looked as if the people who had built the street had tried to fill each lot with as much building as possible, leaving little space between houses.
When their waiter arrived, Tony ordered one pepperoni and green peppers pizza, one meat-lovers pizza for Steve and one with everything except for mushrooms and anchovies for himself.
Thor woke with a start, snorting loudly and shooting into a sitting position, clutching Pete to his chest.
“Oh, I don’t know,” Pete said, nervous with all eyes on him.
“We’re going to take you to our favourite pizza place. You like pizza, right?”
“Goodnight,” Tony whispered, laying a kiss on Pete’s forehead and pulling the blankets up to his chin.
“He also seems smart for his age.”
“As you can see, Pete has some… talents that we aren’t equipped to handle here,” Claire said. “We were hoping that you would be able to possibly take Pete in and help him adapt.”
“Hope you have fun, Pete,” Hank said, shaking his hand. He turned to Steve and Tony. “Don’t spoil him too much- leave some for later,” he told them with a smile.
“Yup,” Pete shrugged. “Mostly just my clothes and books. And the robot you gave me. And my bear.”
And so the next hour went, filled with songs and stories and crafts, which the parents joined in on to varying degrees.
“It’s a good thing you’ve got a metabolism to rival mine, hm?” Steve asked. Pete immediately looked contrite.
Tony was zipping up Pete’s suitcase, but he looked up when he was done.
“I think so,” Steve said, reaching over and taking Tony’s hand.
“Everyone ready for a movie night?” Steve greeted them, putting Pete’s bag down by the elevator. He was answered by positive responses and cheers. “Okay, well we’ll start with snacks. Tony, Pete and I will go get snacks ready in the kitchen while you guys set up the movie. Pete, what do you want to watch?”
Steve had gotten used to being woken up by a sweaty hand on his shoulder. Tony had so many nightmares that it was more likely he would be woken by him  than that he would wake up on his own. So when he felt a hand on his shoulder, Steve just rolled over and tucked Tony close to his chest.
“This is everything?” Tony asked.
“Ready to go out to the sofa, now?” Steve asked. Pete looked at him, lip wobbling and fresh tears coursing down his cheeks.
“We know, we know,” Tony said, waving a hand. “We’ll find the best school for him.”
“You guys are still working?” he asked. “You were at it when I left.”
“Sure,” Pete shrugged. Tony took a handful of different flavors from the cupboard.
“Nothing.” Pete still wouldn’t look at them.
“Hello, Pete,” she replied.
Pete finished off his plate, taking a bite of salad at Steve’s insistence but leaving the rest untouched.
“Don’t wanna sleep,” Pete mumbled.
“’Kay,” Christine said, giving a side-eye to the air around her.
“How comfortable you were with Christine today.” Steve looked sideways at Tony. “Her and Pete get on well.”
“Sure!” Pete said, taking Steve’s hand.
“There’s really no need to apologize, Pete,” Tony said groggily, still fighting his way out of sleep.
“Hi Pete,” Steve said. “Any more nightmares?”
“Tony and Steve,” Tony cut her off smoothly. “Just Tony and Steve. And our son Pete and his friends Christine.” Tony pointed to them, already piling blocks high into the sky.
Both children nodded in agreement and the adults went to the office to chat.
“Sirs, Clint and Natasha are asking when dinner is.”
“And I don’t think I would trust myself around a kid full-time,” Bruce said. He had only returned a couple months ago from what he deemed his “soul searching mission” and was still a little wary of being around other humans.
For the rest of the car ride all the way through them being seated at the restaurant, Pete told them about his week.
“Hey, bud.” Steve squeezed him hard before letting him go. Pete turned and wrapped his arms around Tony’s torso.
“What’s that?”
“My name’s Claire,” she said as she led the way through the clean but run-down house. “Pete’s just through this door. He’s very sweet, but a little more than I can handle here. I’m already run ragged as it is and with his… peculiarities…” Here she paused for a moment. “Well, I’ll jus take you in, shall I?” she had stopped at a door near the back of the house.
“Can I suggest something?” Natasha asked.
“Plain, please.”
“Okay.” Pete looked out the window quietly for the rest of the ride.
“Smart kid,” Tony said, pointing at Pete through the rear-view mirror.
“Pete, it’s okay,” Steve called, putting his hands on his hips and looking around the small room. “We’re not angry.” He moved towards the bedroom door, ready to look in another room. A small noise stopped Tony as he turned to leave as well, making him turn back towards the room. As he did, he noticed something on the ceiling that caught his eye.
“We may have to do some tests to know what’s going on inside you, but we won’t do anything without your permission and we’ll tell you what we’re doing whenever we do something. Does that sound okay?” Tony asked.
Steve disappeared from his peripheral and re-appeared a few seconds later with a chair, which he placed beside Tony.
“I don’t understand the question,” Tony responded.
“If Pepper’s free we can ask her, or if Jane is in the tower she can stay and watch Pete. Or we can drop him with Coulson in the van if we have to. Worse comes to worse he’s a smart kid and F.R.I.DA.Y. can get him anything he needs while he waits for us.”
“Let’s sign some papers and get this show on the road, shall we?” Tony said.
“Which is why we want to help him,” Steve said, nodding in agreement with Bruce.
“No, but we want to because we’re excited you’re coming to live with us,” Tony explained as he sat on Pete’s other side. Vision had drifted in and was taking a seat beside Wanda. Thor sat beside Steve, with Natasha on his other side.
“Can we come in, buddy?”
“She won’t hurt you,” Steve assured her. Far from looking reassured, however, Christine merely nodded.
“Please,” Steve said, gesturing to her to continue.
“Pete?” he asked, peering inside the dark room. He flicked the light on, but saw no sight of Pete and left, leaving the door open.
“No, no, F.R.I.D.A.Y. is my A.I.,” Tony explained.
“Tony and Steve, please,” Steve insisted.
“Why don’t you hand the clothes to me and I’ll put them in the drawers here for you?” Steve opened the closet, revealing a small set of drawers sitting inside. Pete quietly handed his clothes over, watching Steve put them away. When they had emptied the suitcase, Steve put it in the closet beside the set of drawers. They moved onto the adult-sized backpack next. It contained a few workbooks and a picture book titled “Sir Cumference and the Round Table.” There was also a few drawings tucked into the pages of the books. Pete carefully drew those out, tacking them onto the wall with bits of web.
“F.R.I.D.A.Y. mentioned it,” Natasha said, turning so she was looking at him over her shoulder.
Steve cracked open the door, peeking in. Pete was sitting on the edge of his bed, his usual weekend bag beside him on the bed, half unpacked.
“Just after 3 a.m. Pete fell asleep about twenty minutes ago.”
“Yeah, we think so too.”
“Your bedroom is this way,” Tony said, leading to one of the doors off the hallway. Opening it, he gestured for Pete to lead the way.
“If I let you eat the cookies, then Thor will get angry and make me talk about it.” Loki looked horrified. “And then your insufferable fathers will talk to me about responsibility and cohesive parenting and all that nonsense.”
“Nor would I,” Loki blurted, unprompted. A hint of vulnerability shone from his eyes as he took Pete in. His eyes flicked between all those in the room and he abruptly stood up. “I, um, need to put my book away. I will see you all at dinner.” He nodded once and disappeared in a flash of blue light.
“Ah, a complete angel, as expected. Surprisingly intelligent for a Midgardian.”
“You two figure out what you needed to?” Steve asked as he sat down.
“Pete didn’t seem to feel that way,” Steve answered.
“Alright then, you’re good to go.”
“So that would mean you two,” Natasha said, nodding at Steve and Tony. “Would you be willing to take on that responsibility?”
“Oh Pete, that’s… very sweet,” Steve said weakly, saddened that Pete wasn’t sure they would want him. “We want you very much, Pete. That’s why we’re all here today, okay?”
“We’ll head up to our floor, drop Christine’s bag in your room, and then we thought we’d have pizza on our floor, tonight.”
Pete finally opened his eyes, tears still glazed over them. He nodded sadly before burying his face back into Tony’s neck.
“Dunno. I just point and decide I wanna shoot web and it comes out,” Pete shrugged.
“You don’t have to,” Pete murmured as he climbed into the seat. Wanda and Natasha came to the table, each putting their bowl on the table.
“Nope!” Pete paused. “Actually, when can I visit the tower?”
“I’ll miss my friend Christine,” Pete answered.
“Well, that’s probably one of the most unique accidents I’ve ever seen,” Tony said softly. “I’ll clean up if you want to take Pete out to the living room.”
Tony helped Pete finish his tinkering on You and cleaned up the tools while Steve packed up his sketching equipment and helped Pete out of his apron and goggles.
“Pete!” Steve shouted from the kitchen.
“This was one of my favourites as a kid,” Tony said, crossing to perch on the bed and show Pete the cover. It was “The Gruffalo”, and Pete watched enraptured as Tony opened the book.
“Am I invited too?” Steve asked, smirking.
“Sure thing.” They all moved to Claire’s office, where she already had the forms on the desk waiting for signatures. She handed a pen to each man and the three quickly signed and initialed where she told them to. Then, they handed the pens back and went out into the main hall, gathering Pete’s belongings. This consisted of one suitcase and two backpacks, one adult sized and one child sized.
“Arachnid?” Tony said. “It’s kind of unclear. He’s got heightened senses, super strength and he can shoot web from his hands.”
When the movie finished, Wanda nudged Bruce awake.
“Different’s not a bad thing, Pete.” Tony ached to reach out but resisted. “What else did they say?”
“It’s okay, I can just stay in here,” Pete said. “I don’t want to be trouble.”
After Lieutenant Gonzales leaves, Tony suggests an early dinner. He leads Steve to a wall panel he assures Steve is called an NMAT (Nutritional Molecule Assembly Tech). Apparently Lieutenant Gonzales explained it, but Steve missed it. Tony says that it’s basically a “molecular 3D printer,” which makes sense, but then starts talking about Minkowski transponders and paraphased singularity inhibitors and Steve loses track.
Steve sits up and looks. A familiar flask is held out before him.
. The back cover promises a sequel is in the works, and eventually, a complete trilogy. In the summary for the second book, Brickenn and Klithua are alive, so they must survive their injuries and their second encounter with the Star Cullers. If further books were published, it was after Steve was lost to the ice; and when he came back, he couldn’t find them.
“Who?” Parker asks.
“Yeah, ‘amnesty,’ with SHIELD helicopters and cape-killers—”
generally readings like those indicate that big magic and/or interdimensional travel is happening, so not too troubling
“Open mine first!” Jan squeals, bouncing on the balls of her feet.
his comments on your victories in battle, leadership skills, compassion, heroism, and of course, your physique, are strong indicators
Stark takes another sip. "Uh-oh. Duty calls?"
“What is it, Loki,” Steve grumbles. There are rumors that AIM’s going to launch another attack, but if that’s what’s happening now, there would be an alarm, a call to assemble. It wouldn’t just be Loki, gliding in and trying to rile Steve up.
Stark’s splashed out on the porch of his forge, out too late or up too early. Honton stands a foot away, hollering loud enough to shake rain out of a clear sky.
Tony’s jostled awake by Steve’s hands on him. He tries to pull away and Steve takes hold of his injured shoulder and twists it until Tony screams.
Honestly, Steve’s surprised Rhodey doesn’t say worse. He’d deserve it. It’s his fault Tony’s dead, and they both know it.
wow :) :) :)
They’re dry, dusted with powdered concrete. He wraps a hand around the back of Tony’s neck and lets it rest there, like a butterfly landing on a leaf. “Is this okay?” he whispers against Tony’s lips.
He has Steve’s attention, and that’ll have to be enough.
Steve is getting more out of people-watching—alien-watching, he corrects himself, then corrects himself back to people-watching all over again—than trying to track everything Lieutenant Gonzales is saying. He glances back to meet Tony’s beaming gaze every now and then, when he catches it landing on himself. So Steve is only half-listening until—
“Yeah,” Steve agreed. “It does.”
Tony activates the armor. It comes to life in a deafening hiss and an aurora of electric-blue light. “Red Wolf? Duck.”
“Can’t wait,” Tony says, surprising himself by meaning it.
If players bring Captain America (Casualties of War) to face Iron Man (Casualties of War) or vice versa, they will deal higher damage faster and, if the tile generation is timed right, one side will generate a lot of AP. But as soon as one side has used that extra AP to damage their opponents past a certain point, the waning opponent can sacrifice himself to his cause and help their allies to finish the job.
Create tile if Iron Man takes more than 1310, 1260 from a member of Team Iron Man, or 1105 from Iron Man himself. Generate 2 Red AP and 1 Yellow AP per tile destroyed and 1 Green AP for every 2 tiles destroyed.
“You ask that Mister Wong,” she continues. “He know’s what the fuss is about. There’s this book, s’posed to be sumthin’ special. Wong’s heard it’s here in Timely.”
I believe Ms. Chavez was simplifying for the sake of brevity. L-fields, while
Watching Tony like that, it feels like Steve could float up to meet him.
“Okay, that’s not what I thought at first. I’m happy to admit that.” Tony made a face. “I don’t think this spell is interfering with my ability to censor myself.”
“You won’t. You want power as much as I do.”
“Think we’re gonna be lucky?”
A week after Purim, Tony and Rhodes stumbled into the kitchen at 1:00 in the afternoon, griping about the lights and bickering over who would make coffee. Wanda asked what the occasion had been.
Steve lifts it by its shoulders and slams the back of its head against the wall. It collapses, eyes falling shut like a doll’s.
“So who gets it?" Red Wolf asks.
But for all the time they’ve been spending together, Steve’s still not there the next time Tony’s hurt.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dunno how you know it.”
Winter wore on, bringing colder days and bad news out of Europe. Each night when the cold leached into his bones, Steve read, and gazed up at the constellations above to imagine the stars winking out one by one.
Tony finds his breath, barely. He doesn't know if he could if not for the false messages his soulmark is sending him—safe, home, sated, Steve. “You’re lying.”
"How long was I in a coma?"
, like a sonic weapon. Unwary Skrulls fall under the dinosaur’s tremendous feet; others fly or roll away. The whirl of brightly-colored costumes matches the vivid flowers and fleeing birds of the jungle.
Steve bent closer, his nose nuzzling against Tony’s. “I won’t.”
“Please, you need me.”
talking about me behind me back, big brother?
A near-laugh bursts out of Tony with a sound like a bomb detonating. “No, it’s from the Kirby.”
He keeps talking. Some of it is probably bullshit; he’s not thinking about what he’s saying even as he says it. What he needs to say next will obliterate any faith in him Steve might’ve one day regained, but it could be what makes him understand. At its core, this is about protecting people. Surely Tony can show him that that’s where he’s coming from.
Tony thinks.
—but he doesn’t quite get the nerve to do it.
I’m gonna be classy and shit, you’ll see
Steve walks to the mirror to check his back. It’s covered in writing and lewd drawings. There’s an outline of a handprint on one asscheeck. Inside are the words:
Initially intending to assassinate Brickenn on behalf of the Dread Assembly, Klithua first encounters Brickenn when she tracks him to a remote town in the sapphire desert of Ungoliant VII. He works there as a test pilot flying experimental starfighters. She passes up several opportunities to kill him in favor of learning more about him instead, though she discovers very little. All the locals know about him is that he keeps to himself, dresses in black, and was once a captain with the Sunken Division of the Crimson Company.
“Hey, Once and Future Captain,” Tony says, swiveling in his office chair. “The Leverage team with you there?”
all the doors and windows of the timeless archives disappeared and my friends are trapped in there and i was hoping you could kick open some kind of portal or something and help get them out?
“You three enjoy celebrating!” Tony says and ends the call.
“The town was in this, I don’t know, fish bowl. Like it was under a bell jar, except round, almost like a snowglobe.”
“Right, because I can give you something no one else in this city would try to pay you to give.” Like Tony has ever failed to remind him how he fails to live up to much more eager partners.
Tony drops him.
Steve shifts in his seat restlessly. His and Nat’s reconnaissance at the AIM Institute of Super-Technology provided no leads on the rumored attack. He wants to act, to do
“Wonderful. Might you tell me which one?”
“Sorry, I’m not saying this right.” Tony rearranges his legs, making the mattress dip and buckle, and Steve is painfully aware that they’re alone in his room. Sure, the door’s been blown open and Steve’s hiding under the covers, but they’re both on his bed, technically, and that’s all that matters to some primal part of his brain. “Do you think you can look at me while we’re talking?”
is that supposed to mean?”
“Tony?”
Do I?
But hey. It works.
okayyyy
, he doesn’t say,
"Better be." He helps Tony back into his shirt and waistcoat. Tying his cravat turns into a kiss, long and leisurely, and already familiar and comfortable. Steve considers it just about the perfect way to spend the time until Tony's well enough to walk back to town.
“An’ waddya s’pose they’ve seen that's got 'em talkin’ like that, then?
“I didn't finish,” Steve said with a chuckle, his eyes vivid and twinkling.
Next Tony pulls Steve to a smaller room—only a little larger than what Steve thinks of as a generously spacious studio apartment in Williamsburg—with no windows, nor any screens Steve can recognize.
The heads straighten and drop their jaws into something like a smile. “Go on then.”
“If you want me to hang an American flag in the bedroom, all you have to do is ask,” Steve says, then slots their mouths together in a kiss. He doesn’t taste like snow.
Natasha was pretty sure that what made this a lie was that—as evidenced by Steve and Tony’s ridiculous situation with the spell—Steve was not, in fact, always honest.
don’t listen to him there’s no creepy violin playing
Something is rising out of the sand. At first Steve thinks it’s a trick of the sun, but it turns from vapor to shadow-gray tendrils of smoke, and then into trickling tributaries and running rivulets like liquid mercury. Whatever Tony’s doing, it’s pulling the vein of silver out of the mines, molten and liquid, up through the earth.
“I don’t know, Shellhead! Looks like those damn Skrulls are pulling another trick out of their sleeves!”
chikk chitta
c’mon jim
This is how Captain America—a man who supposedly embodied Superman’s ethos of
The sniff Tony receives in reply is answer enough.
At the funeral Tony was a body, silent and absent. Now he’s right here, letting Steve speak on his behalf, and Steve’s voice splinters when he reads, “‘And you, Steve. Whether you believe it or not, I always trusted you. Even during the darkest days—during the war—I  never stopped believing in you.’”
A week after that first arcade visit, Steve and Tony have been back to the arcade twice, met for pizza once, grabbed coffee between classes almost every day, watched old episodes of Star Trek, had drinks at Club A with Jan and Sam, and even gone a few rounds of pool together. They’ve studied together, too; Tony helped Steve with his chemistry, and somehow when Tony explained it, it was easy to see how exciting it was, to visualize how the most basic of elements could interact and create new things and how to use that to predict outcomes and solve problems and make things. Steve thinks they’re well on their way to being good friends again. Maybe best friends. Like they’d never had that stupid Civil War at all. Tony’s even made sure to ask Steve more than once to make sure he’s coming to Tony’s birthday party next month.
And what the hell is he supposed to say about
Steve's always been easy to read.
explain the nature of this librarian
It’s true. The Librarian gave us a book on the flora and fauna of interdimensional libraries.
After a flash of bewilderment, Tony scowls. “Rhetorical tricks aside, I’d like to think—it didn’t used to be.”
you’re safe now though, right?
so did you guys have those quantum seizure things they got in stargate sg-1?
Steve swallows and withdraws just far enough for their lips to part. “I want you more than I have anything in my whole life.” He doesn’t say,
Level 270: 16598
“Offering?” Tony says, forcing himself to speak through the pain. “Y-You haven’t offered anything. Just taken.”
Sam. Don’t say things like that.
Tony looked down at their clasped hands. “I’m sure it’s going to work.”
“Right,” Tony says, his voice gone sharp. He settles a hand on Steve’s shoulder and starts guiding him toward the arcade, like it was his idea. His smile is wider than ever. “Then let’s go to the arcade.”
James walked up to where Natasha sat and said, “I’m sorry I shot you.”
With a garbage can lid or a prop as your shield, you feel it when someone hits you. The impact of the blow is distributed, but all the force is still there, exploding across your arm, into your shoulder and chest; Tony could explain how it worked, all the equations behind it, the tensile strength of the metals, the alloys involved, the angles and tangents.
There’s a reason people talk about
“Good. Good.”
Steve, with his quaint misunderstandings and old-fashioned clothes, isn’t fancy enough for Tony, anyway. Tony will probably end up with Jan, or someone like her: fashionable, old money, cheerful. Not someone who sees things so differently that they split the entire student body down the middle.
“Hey.” It’s suddenly important that Tony says this before he falls asleep. “Thanks for letting me switch decorators.”
“No,” Tony says, a little defensive. “Gold foil.”
Tony’s trying to do what’s right.
The soundless voice tells Steve how it could fix him. But he need only look at Tony for evidence as to what the price for that might be.
and said something about how the daleks have always liked shakespeare
“Talk to him,” Parker orders. “Call us back in two hours.”
As he approaches its gaping maw, Tony expects the smell of brimstone; what he gets instead is the odor of meat gone rancid and rotten, like half-digested tranklements that’ve been retched out the stomach of a sad old mongrel and left in the sun past high noon. The smell ebbs with each inhale the creature takes through its nose and swells again with every hot, moist exhale.
“I’m in charge of SHIELD. More or less,” Steve says, and kisses him rather than reply further.
He sees the writing on his arms when he tosses the dildo away. Tony’s written on him. Tony’s written on him in marker and left him like this with his curtains wide open.
AKA I’m really bored tell me everything
“Hail Hydra,” Tony says, and he knows he sounds like he means it. His smile is entirely sincere.
Tony expects to feel the press of Steve’s cock against his hole at any moment, but it doesn’t come. Instead Steve’s hand brushes occasionally brushes Tony's ass as if accidental, incidental.
Tony died trying to save Steve’s life. Would he have bothered if he knew Steve would become this hollowed out husk of a person?
Yet, Steve feels it acutely. They have the same chemistry lab time that afternoon, one of the few academic classes they share. And they don’t share it, exactly, since Tony’s working on his projects for the two advanced courses he was taking with Dr. Pym—Organometallic Compounds and Crystal Structure Analysis—while Steve is still just fighting his way through Basic Principles of Chemistry. Tony is several rows away, perched on a tall stool, bending over the lab table, his jet boots tucked under him, showing Jan a robot he’d shrunk with Pym particles. Steve can hear Tony’s breath even over the chatter of the other students, the whir of centrifuges, the sizzle of solutions over Bunsen burners.
The regular chatter and drunken shouting overtakes the room once more. Steve glances at the door Jan pulled Tony through only moments ago. It remains stubbornly shut, giving no clue as to what just happened.
No sooner has copper met flesh than all the tension and pain contorting Tony’s body spills out of him. The strong, steady breaths he takes are the best thing Steve’s ever heard.
books = knowledge = power = (force X distance ÷ time)
“I’m bringing Fisk to justice,” Red Wolf says, sounding so like Steve it hurts. “Banner and Natasha are blowing up the dam and saving my people.”
Steve also notices that the silent voice has evaporated from his mind, quick as green grass through a goose.
When he lands, the soles of his boots are on pale gray pavement, the sky has taken on a cyan cast, and Steve has an arm around his shoulders. “—deciding how to celebrate our anniversary,” Steve is saying.
Doom is raising Cain with his yelling and cursing—some of the cursing literal, Steve thinks. Apparently no longer considering Doom a threat, Wormseed turns his full attention to Tony, and begins reciting words Steve doesn’t like the sound of.
“You’re my home, Tony.”
“You’re the one who came in right after that Honton fellow died,” the man observes.
As if summoned by Steve’s thought, Tony walks into view across the room, catches sight of Steve, and lifts an arm to flag him down.
“How the hell…” Tony looks up at his contraption and the paper it shouldn't be able to produce. Behind him, the man is walking away. “Hey, mister, don't you want your fortune?"
His eyes flicker open briefly. Tony has taken Steve’s arm in his own and arranged himself so their hips and torsos are pressed together. What’s woken Steve is the feeling of Tony letting his head fall to one side, landing on Steve’s shoulder. He smiles down at Tony’s closed eyes and smooth, relaxed face, and then unconsciousness takes him.
Okay. He has enough information to form some conclusion about what's happening right now. The symbols on his skin are probably the source of the magical after-effects he's still feeling, and possibly part of the reason he's awake. Or alive. Steve's in his uniform, which could mean any number of things. That he's just come from a mission, or about to head to one, that he has business or wants to be able to pretend to have business to attend to. That talking to Tony
It’ll be powered by whichever library we’re in
But right now, Tony doesn’t know. He hasn’t done that. Steve runs his hands through Tony’s dark hair, combing out the confetti, getting glitter all over one hand, and contemplating how much thicker each strand of Tony’s hair is than Steve’s own. Then he freezes, blood rushing to his face in embarrassment. He extracts his hand as carefully from Tony’s hair as he can, barely breathing.
Steve introduces the Mighty Avengers. It’s wrong, and not just because of Registration. He shouldn’t be doing this alone. He shouldn’t be standing here without Tony. It can’t be the Avengers when Iron Man, Thor, Hawkeye, Scarlet Witch, and so many others are missing—when more still are fugitives from the organization sponsoring the team.
Dr. Strange appears, blue-tinged and translucent, in Steve’s office—some kind of astral projection or magical hologram. “Meet me at this address in half an hour,” Strange says, and vanishes. A scrap of paper lands on the floor where the apparition of his feet had just stood.
That was a lot of pronouns but I’m following you so far
Well. Not that the dorm is home, exactly.
And for all that, Steve’s sure he’s never glimpsed them with a single morsel of food.
we can all agree that we’re not on campus any more right
don’t see why we have to say in medical,” Steve said.
“What?” Tony asked, preoccupied by a nearby platter of hamantaschen.
The Iron Man model 4 armor hovers just at the shoulder of another Captain America. “Cap,” he says, “what
and I think we had a moment
“And by that you mean—you love me?”
Tony shudders, a small moan escaping him. Steve chuckles and licks him again, slower this time, leaving Tony’s skin clammy and exposed. Steve’s hands make their way to Tony’s hips, his thumbs still driving into Tony’s ass.
Another day, when Natasha and Steve were drilling Tony and Wanda in martial arts techniques, Steve rolled his eyes at a remark of Tony’s and said, “Some of us have better things to do than ogle your ass, Stark.”
“I see you’re already in Saudi Arabia,” Tony says, to change the subject.
Doom considers him. "I would certainly like to possess it once more, but no, I require nothing in return for my assistance. I'll soon have all that I came here for."
“Man, but I can—”
“What—”
Shield Bash (Red)
Forget the same conversation, Steve doesn’t even seem to be on the same planet anymore. “You know I—you know I do.”
we have encountered no other conscious beings of any kind
Stark doesn’t move beyond his shoulders shifting with each breath. The barkeep, Thurlow Nodding, comes by and Steve asks for some water, rye bread, salted herring, and a beer for himself.
Beneath the fabric is a plain white box. Tony removes the lid and pulls out a wool scarf—knowing Jan, it’s one she knitted herself—in the same red, yellow, and black of Tony’s favorite jacket. “Awesome!” he says, putting it on. It’s wide, and long enough to wrap around his neck at least twice, so it ends up looking like a bulky cowl, incongruous with his skin-tight tee and generous sprinkling of glitter and confetti.
Someone should really be regulating these superhero names
Tony was there the moment Steve stepped out of the penthouse elevator.
tony.
“Shit, thanks.” Tony wipes his hands on his apron and grabs the box of pasta from beside his cutting board. “Sorry, what were you saying?”
“Archie’s going to be
Tony’s a coward. He stalls.
Tony jerks, cutting off a breath that’s not quite a gasp. His eyes are wide, his body lit on one side by an aurora of sunlight through the bedroom window, on the other by the blue-cast light of his chest implant.
“Yeah,” Sam said, grinning from the doorway. “You figure it out.”
"Probably so."
“It doesn’t matter.” He knows he sounds wrecked. It matters to him, and there’s no hiding that, but there’s more at stake here than Tony’s feelings. “He’s going to stop you. And I’m not going to work for you. Whatever you want me to design or build or code. I won’t.”
when Tony starts turning like
basically what it’ll do is disentangle us from the parts of libraries that are interdimensional
Sunlight strikes Tony’s gilded skin and ricochets off in dazzling brightness. “What are you waiting for?” he sneers, or sounds like he’s trying to; this close all Steve can concentrate on are the bruises under his eyes.
“We lived together,” Steve says tightly. Tony wishes he could resent Steve for the flood of relief he feels at being spared coming up with a reply himself.
He’s hiding out in the crowded, dusty mess of Pym’s Hardware, having caught Wormseed heading in the direction of the narrow lane between the train station and the backside of the town center. It’s dark enough in the abandoned shop, and bright enough outside, that Tony holds some hope that he won’t be seen.
Level 70: 4440
“I know,” Natasha says evenly.
“You did,” Natasha said, “and now that’s over.”
“Let me get this straight. You’re calling me,” Barnes says slowly, “because you’re taking Stevie out on a date. And you want my advice?”
There's a glass of water on the table. Tony takes the glass and brings the straw to his lips, relishing as the cool water hits his tongue. His arm is shaking; the glass feels much too heavy. He sets it down.
He sees a mobile shower truck on Van Ness and, without entirely making up his mind to do so, follows its entire route through the Tenderloin and South of Market. Steve’s family was never so poor they lived on the street, but it was a near thing more than once. Maybe he wants to remind himself of that. Maybe he wants to remind himself how far he’s come. Maybe he wants to remember what empathy feels like.
