Tears ran down Toni's face. "And you aren't going anywhere?"
she countered. Toni glanced down at her feet. She was still wearing her hospital soaks, which were an ugly color of gray.
." There was possessiveness in her voice that went straight to her sex drive.
Toni shook her head. It would be embarrassing and mortifying to say the least.
Was this how Steve felt when he awoke in the future? Did he feel out of place? Feel weird in his own skin — clammy hands, shaky nerves, dry throat? Did he still feel out of place? Sure, she felt weird after being in the past, but she belonged here. She would be her regular self in no time, but what about Steve? Did he feel at home here? Was this torture to him like the past had been for her? Did she make a mistake by not telling her father? Maybe, he would've been happy there — if she had told them all everything from the beginning. He would've been happy with his best friend still alive, Bucky; he would've been happy with a woman like Peggy by his side. He would have been brilliant, could have been, should have been.
"And you did a piss poor job of it," she replied. "I don't need your help anyways."
*O*O*
"Doesn't mean you should." He eyed Rogers, trying to read him. "What's happening in that head of yours?"
(See the end of the chapter for
*O*O*
"Huh?" she uttered, feeling unsteady on her feet, but she didn't like feeling of his hand on her shoulder.
"We got it, Cap," Clint's replied. There was a slight annoyance in his voice.
"JARVIS," Toni called when she was safely out of Bruce's ear shot.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve had on the biggest, goofy smile on his face as he stepped toward Natasha and reached into the box. He pulled out a string of beads and lights. "Not junk. You should've seen the stuff that Bucky and I used to hang. That stuff was junk. Nothing matched, and each bulb was different," he said, softly. "Now, this is not junk."
"Oh, is the perfect Captain America hurting? Oh, Damn," she mocked. "Grow the hell up."
Toni paused as she thought about her situation, which had never happened to her before. Toni Stark was never without means or opportunities, and now, she had nothing. She was stuck with no money, and it pissed her off. How did anyone get along in life with no money? She couldn't even afford to buy something to eat and food was so much cheaper in the 1940's. "Stupid Stomach," she muttered to herself as it was growling. "Come to think about it, I don't remember the last time I ate." Sure, she had gone days without eating, but she always had the ability to get food. Now, she couldn't. She didn't like that feeling, and she didn't know how anyone could deal with that feeling.
"Who said I wasn't?" she asked. Keeping the gun trained on him, she shifted her body. She wasn't a good shot, but she knew she couldn't miss from this distance.
Toni let out a sigh, because there was no denying that he was right. She needed to sleep, but the nightmares woke her every time and she found herself more exhausted than before. "So tell me about this theory?" she said, resting her head back on hands. "Maybe, it will put me to sleep," she said, laughing softly.
She took a deep breath as she laid her head down on the table. She was exhausted, and just looking at that device made her head spin. She couldn't think or function when she was this tired, but she couldn't find peace in her dreams. Though nightmares were common for her, they had never been this bad, and she didn't know what to do. If she asked Phillips for sleeping pills, she would have to tell him about the nightmares, which she didn't want to talk about with anybody, much less him.
He isn't sure—not that he expects them to care anymore- if Barnes and Rogers know he isn't sleeping in his bed at night, but he assumes that if they do, they'll lecture him about it… but they would have to care first, which they don't. Even if they haven't said it to his face, he truly believes that, which is why he gives up on waiting for them to come back. Maybe, this is their way in telling him that they don't want him anymore, which is the only outcome that he ever saw. His angst has been in overdrive since he started to sleep—if you can call it that— alone and it hasn't let up since.
"So?" he replied.
"Are you sure about this?"
Sorry it took me long to get this updated, but I hope you like it.
*O*O*
"So you believe me now?" Toni asked as she narrowed her eyes at the stupid Colonel. Though she was glad that he did believe her, this was not how she wanted it. She took a deep breath, but Erskine was going to die no matter and nothing could've changed that.
Before this all happened, Toni knew the answer to that. It was no. A big fucking no, but now, she didn't know. That man in the chair was someone else, and she found her wondering who he was. "I want to get out of here."
"Why is that?" he asked, knowing that Romanoff probably had a point. If he was going to do it, he would've done it already, but things had changed and he couldn't keep it in anymore.
One of the techs popped up. "Sir, it could damage both the Frontal and Temporal lubes if we increase the voltage. He could be nothing more than a vegetable."
Banner let out a small chuckle as he looked at Steve. "At first, I thought I was crazy for thinking it, but I kept seeing things. Toni may have thought you were an ass, which I agreed. You were an ass at times. A major-"
she cursed in her head. "I can take care of myself, Bucky, but thank you!" She laughed when she noticed him freeze. He was really cute when he was quiet. "See ya later!" She waved goodbye as she darted off
That comment snapped Steve back to Fury and Loki's conversion and he bolted up from his seat. If the chair wasn't stationary, there was no doubt that the chair would have been knocked back.
Seeing things was not a good sign at
"And yours does that to me," he stated.
She was going to die alone, which she always knew was going to happen, but she thought maybe she could beat that, since she now had friends. Maybe, she was wrong… Though she was glad that the pain would stop if she died, she didn't want to die and leave Pepper to find her body.
The end for now
"Look at us," Barnes said. It sounded like an order, which was something Toni didn't like. Out of principle, she would not listen.
"I'm ending this," he says, turning slightly. He avoids looking at them in the eyes as he stares in their direction. "You two," he starts, waving mindlessly at them, "can do whatever you want but without me."
genius," Clint continues with that stupid smirk.
"Fine. Just let go of my arm," she said with a sigh.
"I'm fine," Tony says as he tries to scoot out of Barnes' hands, which isn't lost on the super soldiers. When he's able to break free of Bucky's grip—which isn't easy to say the least, Tony knows it isn't a result of anything that he has done.
"Rest? I don't need to rest. I need to find my device." Narrowing Dugan eyes, he lifted his cane and smack her in the legs. "OUCH!" she yelled mockingly as she glared him. "What was that for?" she asked, pulling her legs to her chest.
"And how is that, Stark?"
, she yelled at herself. She needed to stop with this self-doubt crap. It was getting old. She was Toni Stark for crying out loud. She could kick ass for breakfast, lunch and dinner. "Well, no one looks good in shit. Just saying."
"Russian," JARVIS replies in her ear. "You will not hurt me, and I will not hurt you."
"Just stop it," she demanded as she dusted off her ass. Her journal was still safe in her belt, which gave her some relief. It held some of her secrets.
With her heart pounding in her ear, Toni paid very little attention to Steve, Fury or the door, which opened to reveal Sharon, as Toni's attention was on the shooter. That asshole was not going to get away. She wasn't going to let him or her get away, not when she had so many questions.
"JARVIS, turn this shit off!" Clint ordered. "If there was an intruder, I think the sound would've killed him. What kind of home alarm is this?"
Toni blinked her eyes a few times, trying to keep herself awake. It was a battle that she knew she would lose again, and this time, she doubt she would have another dreamless sleep. "Hey, I think he looks good without hair. I do say he is dreamier without it."
she told herself. She hated that he was right yet again. "I doubt I'm the only one who doesn't like you."
, and he hates that he has allowed himself to be so stupid. His fucken father was right, and he hates that.
However, this time, he couldn't help but wonder, as this wasn't anything like his normal missions. Unlike the others, he wasn't allowed to kill or torture this target, which was somewhat annoying. He was ordered to watch his target, only to watch, and strangely enough, he was ordered to allow her to see him, though not to interact with her. For once, he was supposed to allow his target to notice his presence, though the Asset had no idea as of why. What purpose would it serve to allow his target to see him? Would that do more harm than good for her to see him?
She looked down for a second before looking back up. "You'll have to deal with my mood swings, and…negativity," she added, slowly. He could sense her hesitation as she spoke. He could hear the tones in her voice change.
"It protects my heart," she answered, slowly. It was silent for a few minutes as no one spoke. Toni didn't want to say anything and Erskine was giving her time to think in case she did.
However, that would just get her adult-napped. To be honest, it was only a matter of time before he caught up with her with that super speed of his and did whatever he wanted to do to her. Whatever that was was still up the air, though she had an idea. She was a fucken genius, and the tech she could build could give anyone the edge over anyone. She wanted to say that she would never build anything for these assholes and them chasing her was a waste of time, but she wasn't stupid. She was playing a game of cat and mouse, and right now, she was pretty much useless. She was working on very little sleep and her will power wasn't at the level she was used to.
There were the voices again, but this time, they were louder.
In anger, Steve slammed his fist into the metal shield, denting it. "Toni could be hurt! Open these doors right now." He slammed his fist again in the same spot, but the metal did not break.
"The likelihood of your death, Miss, is low," JARVIS stated.
To Toni's joy, she wasn't wearing a hospital grown, though she wasn't wearing shoes. Trying to be as quiet as she could, she looked for her boots; however, with each step she took, she thought her father was going to wake up. The man she knew was a light sleeper, and she always had a bad habit of waking him up when she was a child… which he hated. He was a beast when awoke.
If she wasn't pinned, Toni would kick his ass, even though this man glowed dangerously. That would just made her try harder, and it wasn't like she was completely helpless. She had something up her sleeves that she was waiting for the right time to use. "It's not your fault kid. Remember what I told you about bullies?" She asked, remembering what she had given him earlier. She could almost smile at her horrible parenting (not that it could be called that) skills.
"She's a soldier just like you, Rogers. If she agrees, she'll go," Phillips stated.
She tried to work out what she was feeling. She had known that the Shrimp had a thing for Peggy, though she was unsure of what that thing really was, but hearing it from Salty annoyed her. She wasn't sure why, but she didn't want to think too much on it. It shouldn't matter what they were anyway.
"That wasn't mean. You hadn't seen my mean." She paused as she turned to Peggy. "Aw, you know it's bad, when you're nice, Sassy," Toni teased as she sat down. She never thought a chair would bring her so much joy, as she couldn't help but smile when she sat on it. She didn't realized how tired she was until she sat down. Her hands went to her pulse to check her heart beat, which was beating a few beats too fast.
*O*O*
"I never said that," he said.
"So what are we going to do with her?" Bucky asked as he would never be able to throw her out on the street.
Standing up, Toni unplugged her device and headed to the door. Just as she was to about to open the door, she heard someone typing in the code. Doing the only thing she could, she ran to the towers and tried to hide behind them. She didn't quite fit but it hid enough of her that no one would notice her in the shadows.
"Well, he told all of us to not say anything, but it was odd seeing her grow up."
she thought to herself annoyed.
"…What?" he asked. His face was a bright red. "T-they wouldn't think that. Why w-would they think that?"
Once Barnes was out of sight, Toni pulled her arm from Steve and stretched them in front of her. Her body was still swore, but the pain wasn't anything that she couldn't handle. "What?" she asked as she noticed him eyeing her. "Okay, what?" She didn't like how he could read her.
she told herself. She was being childish and she hated it.
He let out a laugh. "You're going to keep me on my toes, and I look forward to it."
Dugan laughed. "I wish we knew the Dallas Cheerleaders, but sadly we don't. You can ask Toni thought. I bet she knows them," he replied with a slight blush. "I bet she knows a lot of people."
Toni's eyes widen at Clint's icy tone. What the hell was going on? "Um, did someone die?" she asked. "Did World War III happen when I was away?" she asked. "Did someone eat the last piece of cake? I know c-"
Toni's eye started to twitch. "Did you just bring Shakespeare into this?"
When Toni left the lab, she couldn't feel the fingers on either hands. That Hydra core seemed to have the power she needed, but it kept sending a nonstop flow throughout the device. She hadn't figured out how to limit the power of the core so it would only spit out power when she wanted. It also kept dimming the lights, which annoyed everyone in the lab including her father who eventually kicked her out. She couldn't believe it at first, but he told her that she had played with it enough. She figured it had to do with her numb fingers as he had seen it shock her a few times.
Steve flipped pass their pages, looking for Toni's folder, but her folder wasn't here. Making sure he hadn't missed anything, he looked through the folders again, but it wasn't there.
"Yes, yours," he said, remembering her calling him that. At the time, he didn't much care for it, but he didn't mind it now; in fact, even though he would never admit it to her, he enjoyed it when she called him it, especially with the word 'my.' He wanted to be her everything.
"Teaming up against me?" he asks, not liking that idea. He really doesn't like the idea of Wanda putting this much thought into his wellbeing. He can't help but think that she is up to something.
Snapping her out of her thoughts, Steve's cry got Toni's blood going, but with a hand on her wrist, she was stopped in her tracks. Even with her glaring at him, Clint wasn't letting her go, holding on to her. Working on instincts and anger, the genius swung, and much to both hers and Clint's surprise, she landed a punch to his cheek. In shock more than anything else, the archer let her go, and without wasting a second, Toni bolt into the apartment. There was no way in hell that she was going to let Romanoff hurt her Shrimp, even if he could protect himself, for misunderstand. "What the hell?" Toni yelled as she spotted the two.
"Enough," she stated. "I can take care of myself. In case you didn't hear, I punched him in the face for touching me already." She took a deep breath. "Besides, I have no honor to protect. That ship sailed a while ago. Many men ago." She wasn't sure if that was something people admitted in this time, but judging from his face, it wasn't. Maybe, she shouldn't have told him and she was regretting it as she eyed his bright red face.
On the other hand, he did not like the media. Sure, he liked how easy it was to obtain and share information, but he didn't like how the media hounded on certain stories, which spiral and grow out of control. That was what Steve didn't like about the media. For example, he didn't like how this 'engagement' story grew and how many different narratives came from it. He had lost count to how many theories spouted, and he grew tired of it. Why did they have to talk about things that they have no idea on?
"You two are making me sick," Phillips stated, interrupting them. The loose, open handcuff rattled against the metal case as the Colonel stepped to them. "And I would rather not puke up my lunch."
So no matter what the AI said, nothing would stop the panicking genius from going over the edge. Toni Stark could feel her heart race as she asked, "W-what's questionable about electricity?" Her hands were shaking as she tried to control her breath and failing. "…Alright, it's my suit and I can't…I'm not gonna…I don't wanna…" Toni started having another panic attack, as she couldn't catch her breath, and she rushed out of the car, letting the door to bang loudly. Only getting a foot away, she fell to the ground and puked.
But, he knew that she wasn't dead. She was too stubborn to die. Too stupid to give up. However, being on an Intel mission, he had been watching the mansion for hours and knew all of the happenings around the house. He could see the enemy helicopter approach on the beach mansion from miles away, and if he had a weapon capable of taking it down, he would have. He would have done anything to save her from any kind of pain, including killing, and that was something that he especially would not let his handlers know. He would killing anyone, which included killing his handlers, and he was willing to risk the chair for her—though he still didn't know why.
The Colonel, not letting go of the Genius, glanced up to Rogers. "I got it, Rogers." His voice was anything but friendly.
"That would be the death of me." He let out a sigh as Toni exited.
It was like that that Steve's world snapped apart, and he was like butter under Rumlow's hands.
She opened her eyes and stared at him. There still wasn't any anger in his eyes, and she didn't know how to deal with that. Why wasn't he mad at her? "You don't understand. I could've stopped it. I could've stopped it all and Barnes could still be alive." She said. Her attention wandered to IVs in her hands and the urge to pull them out so she could bolt grew.
Natasha took a deep breath. "Even if he does trick us, there isn't much he can do. Thor is keeping a close eye on him."
Toni's right eye twitched as she tried to put space between them, not that she could. The zip ties gave her very little room to move, only allowing a few inches, but no matter the distance, it would never be enough. She wasn't sure if it was because she wasn't comfortable with being this close to Maya when she was unable to defend herself, but man, she was sweating cats and dogs, and it wasn't because she felt ill. Or it was? She was feeling
Toni took a deep breath, suddenly remembering that they had learned about it when she was out cold. She had heard it had confused the guys massively and there was some talk of her being a robot, which she wished she was. If that were the case, then she wouldn't be feeling this overwhelming guilt.
There was a waitress at their table, waiting to take their orders. Though she wasn't making eye contact, she was completely red in the face as she looked at them. Rocking back and forward, she was riddled with nerves; the serving book shook in her wobbly hand. With her nervousness, the girl didn't look older than sixteen. "C-Can I take your order?"
"No one knows I am from the future," she countered. She paused for a second as she thought about her past. She wasn't as innocent and naïve as he thought she was. She had faced and seen things that she wouldn't wish on anyone. "I have been tortured before," she admitted, weakly. "Do not doubt me."
"Just like old times?" a voice called out.
Bucky shifts, leaning against the arm of the sofa. "He isn't his type," he says, dryly. Tony feels his heart skip a beat, but he doesn't respond. He doesn't know how to respond, because Barnes's correct, as he knows his type well, considering he is his type.
That hurt like a bullet to the heart, but Salty was right. She didn't belong here; she needed to go back to her time. Maybe, she should listen to the Murderer.
Toni narrowed her eyes at him. "Have you seen him?" She had no interest of correcting him, as she really didn't care what he thought.
"I…I don't understand," Rogers replied slowly. Nothing was making sense to him. Why would Howard name his child after Toni? Did she leave a lasting imagine with him? However, why couldn't Fury find a Toni Sark in his record?
"Yes, who do you want?" Bucky asked, as his hand travel to her extruding stomach.
"I got it."
"And who are these fine gentlemen?" she asked, trying to not sound bitter.
And…maybe, the AI had a point. Toni was just glad that no one else could hear him.
Steve could barely recall anything that Loki had said as he couldn't get Loki's eyes out of his mind. "I heard it." Steve glanced at Toni from the corner of his eyes. Never standing still, she had moved from the table and grabbed a bag of blueberries from somewhere. He wondered briefly where she got those from before he turned to Banner.
"You look so defeated."
"Don't make me last name you!" She yelled, pointing.
"Hints, why I took the core, so you wouldn't leave without saying bye… Well, also I wanted to give my hand at, since I now know what it does," he said.
He may already be breaking, but it came rushing at Steve like a semi-truck. He knew she was seeing Bucky. Knew she was seeing him everywhere. God, how long had have Toni been seeing Barnes? How long have she thought she was losing her mind but wasn't? He failed her.
That was fine with her, because she didn't want to be here any longer than she needed to be. "K," she replied as she crossed to the coat hanger for Rogers' coat. She had promised herself that she would buy herself a coat as soon as she got enough money, because she didn't want to keep borrowing Rogers' coat. Maybe, she could do that now, because she didn't want to keep relying on him. After putting on his coat, she reached down for her bag, which held a few tools that Nick had let her take. He had asked why she needed them, but she told him it was for a project. "I'll be back tomorrow."
Toni's head snapped up, and before she could process what she was about to do, she picked up a bulb and flung it at the archer as hard as she could. Yes, it was childish, but she wasn't in the mood for his comments.
*O*O*
Toni eyed the card for a second as she started to shrug off his suit jacket. It had provide warmth, but she didn't need it. She wouldn't take help from anyone. "Here's your coat," she said just as she got it off one the left shoulder.
Unlike Steve, Clint took a step forward as Pepper started to rock back and forward on her heels. "Maybe, you should let the genius breathe? Her face is turning blue."
"Because he lied to us." Pierce declared, loudly, as he entered the room. The expression on his face said it all. "Captain Rogers has information regarding the death of Director Fury, and he refused to share it. As difficult as this is to accept, Captain America is a fugitive from SHIELD."
Why did he have to die? Why did she let it happen? Would it have changed anything if she had stopped it? What did his death mean?
His coat was heavy and it weighted her down, but she was thankful for it. She didn't realized that she was shivering so badly. "Who says I'm?" she asked softly as she held his coat close. It warm.
"It looks like he's coming to his sense" Barnes praised, stepping out of the shadows. There was a cruel, ungiving look in his eyes as he locked onto her. It cut through her like she was butter, sending her into a panic. "Too bad he stopped there." His glance dropped to purple bruise peaking out of her sleeve. "He should've finished the job."
Steve couldn't believe she was acting like this. "And you need to focus on the problem, Miss Stark," he said, coldly.
Private glared at Peggy for a few seconds before turning away. As he walked away, Peggy added, "You should put something on that eye." Toni let out a chuckle. "Are you okay, Sark?" she asked once the man was gone.
There wasn't really a way to describe the overwhelming dread that soaked through her like a heavy rain storm. She was saturated in it. Maybe, on a good day, she would've been able to calm herself or think clearly. However, it almost felt like she had lost IQ points, like he genius had betrayed her. Her mind was in a fog, and her body was protesting on every level. "Just do it," she hissed, pushing herself up onto her knees. Her arms were pins and needles. "Just kill me."
Feeling the cold draft, Toni shivered as she looked around the room. From her spot in front of the windows, the whole room was open to her, and she knew this was some kind of a lab. She noticed a few blue glowing equipment on lab tables across the room and wires leading everywhere. She wondered briefly if the Tesseract was present in this room as the blue glow was incredibly bright in one of them; however, she doubted that Skully would be that stupid to leave it in here with her, even if she was tied to a chair.
There was this one shadow that didn't quite fit in the dark scene before her. At first, she didn't give it much thought, considering the time of night and how sleepy she was. It wouldn't be the first time that she had thought she had seen something. Besides, there was probably nothing to it, considering shadows were a natural thing. There were hundreds of things that could have cast the shadows, depending how the lights fell.
"So? Like that changes anything. I don't give two shits what your rank is," Toni snapped as she turned to him.
"If I mean nothing to you, why are you wearing my dog tags?" he asked, his eyes drilling into her. "And I want an honest answer for once."
"Tony."
After Roger had disappeared, Howard had put everything into finding the Captain and he kept looking when everyone else, even Peggy, had given up. Searching for countless years had drained him of everything and he didn't have anything else to give to Maria or her later on. Toni knew he loved them both, but he didn't show it. He was too busy.
"It will be my pleasure."
"You think I'll give up playing your wing man?" She cheered. "Not a chance."
The Super Soldier turned back and gave Clint a look. "You and what army?" he asked in his Captain voice.
"That smile doesn't count. You were giving them the Captain America Death stare. Granted, they should've died from that alone. Now, they would've melted against your puppy dog eyes."
(See the end of the chapter for
She rolled her eyes, not sure if he was joking or not. She hoped he knew she was joking and that he was joking with her, because if he didn't, she didn't know what to do with him. "You're joking, right?"
Toni squeezed her eyes as she suddenly felt the hot, beaming sunlight on her face. It was too bright, and she felt like her face were burning. She groaned again as she tried to move.
The After Effect
*O*O*
"I wasn't going to leave you after what happened," he explained as he eyed her cheek.
Tony chuckles from his spot on the sofa as he cuddles into Bucky's right side with the former assassin's arm wrapped tightly around him. In the past, the genius has never been the cuddlier even during the time with Pepper, but he can't get enough of it with the Super Soldiers. If he could get his work completed while cuddling, he could and would. If he never has to leave Rogers and Barnes' side, he wouldn't. "Well, FRIDAY? Have we?" he asks.
"Good," the Handler replied. "I think it's time to get the Asset back in ice."
However, she could tell that they were winning. With the increasing ally forces, Schmidt and Madame Hydra were chased out of the room, as they headed toward an escape route. In this madness, Rogers made his way toward Toni, who was still struggling in her chains, and she couldn't hold back her smile. She thought she was going to watch him die.
, and she wanted to be home.
Breathing through his nose, "Yeah, I bet you look terrible in them now."
Peggy, in her skirt and heels, stepped toward Toni and the private; she stood almost in between them. "What were you going to teach her?" She asked. Her tone was very demanding. "I'm waiting, Private."
look off his face, but the words wouldn't come out. They were glued in her throat, unable to break free. At the same time, she refused to say no. The notion made her face sick, so she was stuck without an answer for him. And every second without one, Steve's face fell. It looked like someone had ripped out his heart and stepped on it.
He narrowed his eyes. "My soldier wouldn't have attacked you," Phillips retorted.
Taking a deep breath, Steve closed the magazine and set it on the table. He knew since Toni had become Iron Man, she had quiet down and kept a low profile. She had only done a few articles since then, but this was the first time that she had posed for one wearing a bathing suit since getting the reactor. She reminded each of them of this as she shoved the magazine in the Avengers' face.
"Just be careful," Barnes said to her. He took few feet toward Rogers, blocking Rogers' view of her. For that, she was grateful as she didn't want to see his face. She knew that Rogers knew that something was wrong. "We need to talk, Steve."
Nope." She replied, falling to her knees. She grabbed her chest, trying to force herself to breath. She tried to count backward, but nothing she did worked. However, she refused to stay down, even if it was a struggle. It felt like someone was swinging at her legs, but she didn't stop, as she would never allowed pain to stop her.
"You better."
She looked up to her savior, expect either Barnes or Rogers (not that she expected Captain Shrimp to be able to do that), but she didn't see either of them. The unfamiliar man was a big well-built man, who stood high and proud. That was a trait that Toni could respect. The only thing funny about him was his facial hair that covered half of his face; she wouldn't want to kiss that.
She felt like she was under arrest for murder with these questions, and she didn't like that, not at all. "Well, you can ask Steve, but we didn't do much sleeping," she replied with a wink, as she tried to chance the subject. "He has some stamina in him."
The Asset found his target soaking wet on her knees in the mud, facing a body of water. He could see the tremors in her body as she dripped her fingers in the cold water. He watched her shoulders drop as fear ran through her. He could read her, see it all, and he knew it had nothing to do with the cold, bitter rain. Sure, the rain was freezing to the touch, and it could send shivers down anyone's spine, but that wasn't the case here. He was trained to spot fear, panic… and that was what he was seeing here. She was panicking, questioning her entire existence. She was questioning who she was, wondering if she was worth it. 'It' he wasn't sure of, but she was doubting everything. She was drowning in her own fear.
"Well, you can keep quiet and rot in a cell, or you can come clean."
Taking a deep breath, she took a step down the stairs leading into Howard Stark's lab. She planned to check on her device, once she figured out how to get one of those cores away from her father. He probably wouldn't let her near the cores, but she would convince him.
"You two are sickening sweet," Sam replied. "Do you go to the dentist a lot? I feel like I have to."
"It is l-"
Steve glanced at him as they made their way through the rumbling base. "No, I'll save her; you just need to get out of here."
Always getting up at 4am, Peggy, who was never late for anything, would fold her blanket and set it at the end of the cot and leave soon after. Toni's glance dropped to Peggy's items, which were neatly packed and stored under the cot. Though Toni had tried to be neat, her side of the tent could not compete with Peggy's. It looked like her clothes, which was impressive as she had only a small amount, exploded on her side. Peggy, like always, did not approve.
The genius hears only a few words here and there, and he doesn't know what either of the men are trying to say. However, even if he is able to make out full sentences, he doubt he'll be able to comprehend what they are saying.
As they approached him, his mind kicked into full gear, and they would need more than just two soldiers to stop him.
Toni groaned from her spot on the ground. Why did she feel like her robots and AI were mocking her? When did she program them to be assholes? Or where they just taking off her? Did she need to work on her parenting skills? "I am so donating you," she sneered as she reached for the face plate. It felt like she had been hit by a bus, and no doubt she would be bruised in a few hours… Probably looking like someone had punched her. Good thing Steve wasn't around or everyone would think it was him. She could see the headlines.
"Well, I am the only one who could." He took a step toward her. If he was whole, their chests would be touching. "And I wouldn't miss an opportunity to see such a beauty." His smile weirded her out. "You know, once we get out of our respected cells, we should make the beast with two backs."
"Toni!" Pepper uttered as she made her away toward the Genius.
"Potts is planning to take Stark back to Malibu with her," Natasha revealed, when Steve didn't make a move.
"Yes, me," he stated with a smile.
Her shaky hands went straight for her ankle, as she rolled to her back. She fought back her groan as the rain pelted her in the face, forcing her eyes closed. "Fuck me," she cursed, as she laid there for a few seconds. "Just fuck me." Her whole body ached, and she just laid there, unable to will herself to move. Her whole body felt like it was on fire, and laying on her back did nothing to soothe it. During her last sparing/training match, the Black Willow had kicked her ass, though she was holding back. Toni had fibbed saying she was fine when Natasha had knocked hard into the wall, but she wasn't, and now, there was a huge bruise covering half of her back.
"Yea," she uttered, as she sat on the cold ground trying to ignore her freezing ass- not that her exhaustion allowed her to think of such things. As if her suits were still exploding, she mindlessly stared up at the sky. "And it's about time SHIELD showed up. Lazy. Those assholes waited until after we have taken care of the issue."
Natasha glanced at Toni, ignoring her angry expression, as her glance dropped down to Toni's purple wrist, which seemed to have gotten darker in a matter of seconds. "I know Stark is an ass-"
The Captain felt the air rushed him as he free fell; however, he wasn't worried about the hitting the ground as his eyes were focused on the broken tree that had fallen on Toni. Seconds before hitting the ground, the tree shock and a bright light shown through the broken branches, and Steve let out the breath that he didn't know he was holding. He could feel his heart rest slightly as he saw a red metal arm reached out of the branches.
Natasha says.
"If you agree to help and work alongside Stark, you can work off your sentence." He paused. "You have a bright mind. Now imagine what you can do if you and Stark put your minds together."
"You can't tell me that our late nights meant nothing. You can't tell me that the nickname game meant nothing. You can't tell me our kiss meant nothing. It-"
Phillips laughed. "Not all of my men are delinquents," he replied, sharply.
"I have already done so."
"Can you stop calling me that?! You're tall, sexy, or blond, so you don't get to call me that," she snapped, having trouble feeling her feet. And that lack of feeling wasn't helping her at all. It was causing her to have flashback to memories that hoped to keep hidden.
? She asked herself, looking around. She appeared to be in a hospital connected to many different tubes and wires, but she couldn't remember how she got there. The last thing she remembered was… Nothing. Shaking her head, Toni closed her eyes as she tried to remember, but it was all fuzzy.
Her eyebrow rose as she turned to him. "So you're up in the middle of a night for a theory?" she asked.
Then there's Steve, who knows what Tony needs before he knows. He knows when Tony needs cuddle time or alone time, though he never gives the genius too much time alone, as he knows what silence does to him. Someone, he knows the exact time to come down and get Tony, and Tony likes that. He likes that he doesn't have to tell Steve or hide what he needs or wants. He likes that he doesn't have to change like what he had to do with Pepper.
"I didn't do this out of the goodness of my heart."
Toni could see the shock in his eyes. "No, no," she denied, unsure of what to really say. "Did I say Stark?" she asked. "I meant Sark." She tried to laugh it off.
After putting the papers up, he stepped back to her. "How are you?" he asked. His voice was softer all of the sudden. "Are you in pain?" He stared at the cast before his eyes rested on her face.
Tony didn't and still doesn't know what to make of it, but he ate the food with a bit hesitation. At that time, he wasn't sure if Barnes still hated him and wanted to off him; however, since he didn't die a few hours later, he guessed the former Assassin didn't want to kill him anymore. Tony took that as a plus, but it meant daily, silent visits by Barnes who keeps bringing him delicious food. He now knows the saying about men is correct: a way to a man's heart is through his stomach.
Schmidt turned to Captain America. "Why do you care so much for her? I doubt she cares as much for you as you do for her. She's probably using you like the fool that you are." He stepped closer to Rogers.
She goes straight for the kill shot, doesn't she? Natasha will never hold back no matter what, but Tony wishes she would just this once. "Why did you move me to my room?" he asks, changing the subject. "Not that I mind. So love my bed. Had so many fun times in this thing."
tries to lay a hand on me like that or anyway, they won't walk away. I will blast them myself. You hear me?" Toni may be guilty over a lot of things, but she would never let a lover do that to her. Granted, most woman said that before it happened to them; it was true that you had no way of knowing how you would react until it did. "They won't walk again. That is a promise."
"We can be fucks up together," Steve said, closing his eyes. His fingers danced up her arms, trying to comfort her. He hoped he could get her to sleep, which they both needed. He could feel his own self start to drift with her in his arms. Even with everything going on, he never felt more relax than with Toni in his arms. He just wished he could calm her nightmares.
Steve's could feel his eye twitch as he caught Clint and Bruce's Comment. He
like it. He didn't like it that so many people had seen it.
The Stark security guard cross to the monitors and sat.
"Is that a bad thing?" Toni asked. "Imagine it. I could take over the world."
She smiled, slightly dizzy. She wasn't lying when she said she could handle her drinks. After finishing the glass, she spoke, "Don't want to challenge me now?" She winked at him. Toni was told that she was an unbearable flirt when she was drunk, though she knew that wasn't true. She was always a flirt and it was never unbearable.
How dare he hurt her? He took a step forward, ready to attack her; however, before he could step out and kill this man, the woman defended herself, sending the man to the ground.
Howard let out a sigh as he took a seat next to her. "You can talk to me." His arm flinched at his side as he struggled not to touch her.
The door to the room opened again revealing the Famous Dr. Erskine, who wearing a white lab coat and glasses. In his hand, he had a clipboard with a collection of papers on it. She couldn't read anything from her location, but she knew it had to be about her. Who else could it be on? "Hello, Doctor," Toni smiled as he sat down across from her. He looked just like she remembered from the photos she had seen in her father's office.
He gave her a look, clearly not happy with her tone. His grip on her hand tightened, but he turned to Zola.
Peggy took a step back to her. "Toni. You need to be resting. You just got out of the hospital." There was a pause. "And you shouldn't be alone."
This craft was unusual to say the least, and it took some time for Steve to find the lab, but when he finally came across it, the Captain just stared. He couldn't keep his eyes off the energetic Stark as she worked. He couldn't get over how comfortable she looked when she worked.
He put on the biggest smile that Toni had even seen. "It is, and my daughter invented it. Is there nothing a Stark can do?" he said, joyfully. There was in an excitement in his voice that tired her just by listening to it. "Do you know how incredible that is, Toni?"
She thought. It was hard to make out was going on, but she could recognize Rogers' voice and he sounded annoyed which was a state she hardly heard from Mr. Perfect. He usually wasn't so stressed, and it was that fact that stuck her. It also surprised her to how much it meant to hear that, because it meant he was human.
"Just a realization that I can't keep it in," she said, smiling.
Toni grimaced, forcing her broken arm to move. She wiggled her figures, making sure her hand was still working. Since they were, she knew she could still use them, even if she couldn't extend her arm. However, this bed was made better than she thought, and there was no way she could detached it without tools.
Anyhow, let me know what you think and if you are still reading this hot mess.
Gabe turned to her. "Vous parlez français. Vous êtes impressionnants femme," he said. "See I told you French helps you get women." He elbowed Morita.
Up in the penthouse, Steve was sitting at the bar using a tablet, which he still struggled with. Steve didn't really understand modern technology, so he wouldn't be of real any help for Bruce. He didn't even try to help because he knew it would be a waste of time. Unsure of what else he could do, he was looking through the security logs with the help of JARVIS, who was doing most of the work.
Anyhow, here you go. Some have asked for Bucky's POV again, so here you go.
Well until next time.
need to rest."
Toni stared at his tensed shoulders and almost laughed. He didn't think she was crazy; he was jealous, which was funny. However, him liking her wasn't a good thing. "Not like you? The guy, who's always picked up random woman?"
Toni." He said, stressing the word everything. "You don't need to hide."
There was a smile on Bruce's face as he nibbled on a candy cane. "Steve is almost lost in it."
There wasn't a lot of things that Steve hated, but he hated this. He absolutely hated this, and it took all he had not to follow Toni as she talked with Potts and Rhodes. He knew why Pepper wanted to speak to Toni alone, and though they weren't specifically trying to take Toni from
After a few long moments of struggling, Toni finally settled in his arms, burying her face in his chest. "You smell like America," she uttered.
"Why a rabbit?" he asked, eyeing her.
, Steve begged, holding back his tears. He already lost Bucky to Hydra; he could not lose Toni too.
"No. no," she croaked, stumbling forward. She landed hard on her face, her feet tangled in the vines beneath her. The more she struggled the more she became entangled in the vines and the more her panic begin to rise. Everything just hurt as her heart went to the races.
"Because your drive is impressive." She smiled. "They'll want someone with that kind of drive." Rogers…No, Steve. She would refer to him as Steve. She liked past Steve and she would refer to him by Steve; however, future asshole would still be Rogers to her. "I don't like it when you're depressed."
"In one hour."
He took a look the Doctor, who had not looked back. Banner's eyes were focused on the failed object in front of him. "How's that going?" Steve asked, not wanting to admit the truth. He usually didn't do stupid shit as he left the stupid shit to the other avengers.
"She's a trigger," the handler replied with an annoyance and disgust. He was eyeing the Rumlow, over his last statement. "We have to ease his mind, whenever he catches sight of her. For some reason, she means something to him." He looked over the Assassin, studying his expression. "When Stark time traveled, she got into his head like all Starks do and missed with it."
That almost broke Toni more as she couldn't stand to that look in anyone's eyes, especially in someone as young as Harley. Sure, she could see the start of a crush in his eyes, but she couldn't bear to break his innocence. He deserved to keep that as long as possible. Unable to do anything else, she got to her feet and took off. She needed some space or she was about to freak.
Using his fingers to creating separating from her legs, Steve pulled her pants down, his fingers gliding against her skin all the way down. When he got to her left ankle, he slowed down and gently pulled the pants over the bruised ankle. Before he could stop himself, he placed a gently kiss to it, and he could feel her suck in her breath at feeling of it. He couldn't help but be pleased at himself for getting this reaction out of her.
"Yeah, probably because you don't have a driver's license, old man," she said with a small smile - all she could muster in her exhausted state.
"What?"
Natasha, who seems to be full of looks, gives him a nasty, playful look. "Don't make me hurt you, because I'm here trying to protect your ass," she says, as she slaps him playfully on the back of his head. "And me hurting you isn't a part of the deal, though it's quite fun."
*O*O*
By the time Toni located Steve and the shooter, they were squaring off on an empty roof top. Toni just watched for a second, amazed at how the shoot handled himself against the Steve, a super soldier. It looked like an even fight, an unbelievable scene. There weren't many people who could say that. Shit, the shooter had just caught the shield like it was nothing…with a metal—Yes, a metal hand. What the hell? Who created that master piece? No, no.
Steve let up for a few seconds, though not letting her out of his arms. "Oh, are you? You might need to put on the suit, though it might not be good for our imaginary child."
Losing tract of time, Toni just sat at his grave and stared, unable to push herself to leave. She didn't-couldn't leave him again, even if he was already gone.
"You would say that!" Sharon laughed as she directed the Toni into her apartment. "After you, then. I wouldn't want your fiancé to think I left you on the floor." Before she joined Toni or before Toni could say a word, Sharon crossed to Steve's apartment and closed the door, though not before taking a long suspicious look inside. There was a puzzled look on the woman's face, but she didn't say another word as she walked back to her apartment.
Few feet down on a different plot of perfectly green grass, different slabs of different colors and materials rested, and each had different names etched in them. Iron fences and brushes lined the walkway around the slabs. There were a few trees here and there, providing shades for those who need it. With the silence, it was a perfect final resting place for those long gone.
Rhodes' expression fell seeing her expression. "There you go again. Overthinking that. I don't mean it like that."
But, he can't help it. His insecurities are far too big for him to overcome alone, and he knows he should tell them this, but he isn't good at talking about his emotions—Emotions are for the weak, damn it! His dear old dad had taught him that. Plus, he isn't sure what he's feeling, and he doubts Steve and James want to hear it anyways. So, the genius files them all way, never to see the light of day like Howard had taught him. His father's lessons are ingrained in him, and there's no doubt in his mind that there would be a fight to end all fights if he was alive to see his son like this. There's no doubt that he would feel like crap afterward. Like the nothing that he is, which is why he never did and never will say those three little words. It will destroy him.
*O*O*
Not wasting another second, she made her toward the idiots, wondering why Barnes was fighting, but it only took her a few seconds to realize why. He was beating up the Asshole who kept calling her 'Fire Rocket.' She still did not know his name, but she didn't need to know his name to want to punch him in the face or somewhere lower. However, that didn't mean she or anyone else should.
"What?"
Toni's heart was still racing when the elevator reached the penthouse level, and it took everything she had to step out into the hall. She could see the door to the lounge, and she could hear Rhodey's raised voice, but she couldn't find it in her to move. Hearing them fight over her did nothing to calm her nerves.
She knocked on her head. "Yup," she smiled as she changed direction, heading toward Salty's tent. If her father didn't want to give her the core, then she would make him. Salty would surely agree with her.
"Just leave me alone and go bother Agent Carter. You made your choice, and I have to say, Sassy Pants has that sexy Librarian voice that everyone craves so I completely understand your choice."
*O*O*
"I don't know if I feel comfortable letting that cube out of my sight," Phillips said, eyeing Toni. It was clear that she was fighting to stay steady on her feet, even with Howard helping to support her.
Suddenly, Schmidt harshly grabbed her face and forced her to look at him. "It's such a shame." Toni gave him a questioning, narrowing look. "Such a shame that the Americans would send a beautiful woman into the battlefield." He had a hard, bruising grip on her face that she couldn't break. "Are they afraid to face me themselves? I suppose so as much as they sent a woman." He studied her face. "It will be easier to break you, though"
Barnes took a deep breath instead of speaking back because there was nothing he could say to Steve. It was no secret that Steve and he disagreed about things.
"Hey, Hey," Howard protected, waving his hands. "Not in front of my kid. She doesn't need to know this…However, I know how to protect myself."
"Maybe a few other words," Wilson adds.
The Agent scouted closer to the Toni, who was now hunched over. "I don't think I had ever seen him like this. He isn't the type to sleep at a woman's bedside. You must be important to Howard."
Slamming the case shut, she turned back to the entrance, knowing she had to do something. However, when she turned back to the flap, she noticed someone standing there, watching her, and it wasn't a friend.
"No. Forty-eight," she snapped, as she held a needle to her skin. She knew she was being riskless, but she didn't care, which may or may not be a side effect of the whiskey. She glanced at the night sky before she injected herself. "Micro-repeater implanting sequence complete."
She couldn't tell if she was speaking, or if words were even coming out of her mouth anymore. Even if they were, she wasn't sure what she would be saying. She wasn't even sure what specific words meant anymore as her mind felt like a haze. She didn't even know her name as all she knew was pain.
"However, I would prefer you don't do that," Rhodes said, awkwardly, as he stepped into the room. He had a pained look on her face, as he eyed Toni. "…I don't want to…know…when and how often you and Toni…do…
"Who says something is haunting me?" Toni asked as she hopped to her feet.
No, she
Rollins put on a large smile as he glanced at her from the corner of his eyes. "Just taking you to Pierce," he replied. There was something about that grin of his that was off putting but Toni couldn't put her finger on it. It was almost lion like.
Not hearing someone walked up behind her, Toni almost jumped out of her skin at the interruption. "What?" Toni uttered, as she turned around slowly.
She could see something snap in him as he recoiled. He didn't answer and just looked away.
"Here. Let me help you up," the man said. He wasn't the same man (Smaller) that she was chasing, but she had seen him before. She just didn't know where, though she had met a lot of people in her life.
This was the point that she started to fight with herself, as she flashed back to all the times that she had thought she saw him. She didn't know why she kept fighting against the logic—against realty. Bucky
Recovering quickly, the Commander was too fast for Toni, as she grabbed Toni by the neck and threw her hard against the tables, knocking both the guns and the genius to the floor. As the commander approached, the stalker did so as well. "Commander, we need her alive," he warned as his knife in his hand dangled dangerously.
His expression turned hard. "Tony."
*O*O*
Steve opened his mouth, but before he could speak, JARVIS interrupted, "Captain Rogers, Dr. Banner as returned."
The room was silent at hearing that, and it was a few seconds later that Natasha spoke. "Fury thought it would be best if you sit out this time." She stepped next to him. "You need to rest. Stay behind with Banner. He should be back soon."
However, for some reason, he couldn't stop himself from casting judgement on her—and these judgements weren't facts. Sure, he had given assessments and reports to his handlers when his mission called for it, but this time was different. He wasn't supposed to draw conclusions on the woman, which was what he was doing, and with every passing second, he was drawing more and more conclusions as he watched her. Questions formed in his mind, as he ignored the shape pain at the back of his head, trying to figure out what made her so special-because she was special. Special in some way, and he could feel it in his bones, though he had no idea as of why.
"I am, but that doesn't change the fact that we don't know what half of these things do."
"I know," she said, her voice soft. "What did I do to deserve you?"
"Tell Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes, the truth," she says, monotone. "Your pain is not worth it."
Folding her arms against her chest, she tried to warm herself as she trekked back to the dinner, or at lease she tried to. She had no idea of where she was. "Stupid Bastard," she muttered again, not caring about the weird looks she was getting. People probably thought she was crazy and she would agree with them. She never thought things through, which often got her in trouble.
"Ms. Stark, I am so sorry!" Harley yelled, still struggling to free himself. Tears, that he would deny later, ran down his face staining his cheeks.
"No one said you did," he replied with a smile. "Let's see if I can find Barnes or Rogers for you." He got to his feet.
"Toni." He called, feeling the emotions in the letter. He could only guess to what she was feeling. He would only guess at what Howard was feeling when he wrote this, but he wasn't going to let her go. He was going to show her it wasn't her fault.
Thumping the picture in his hand, Pierce stepped toward the Asset. "Imagine what we could do if we get that time traveling device working? We can change everything."
Steve laughed. "Okay, my damsel."
There in front of her stood Agent Peggy Carter, a person that Toni recognized right away. Though she had only seen Peggy a couple times after her father's death, she considered her very special to her life. Peggy was an important part to her childhood as she had kept her father in line, when she was round. Peggy, the lovable badass agent, wasn't around as much as Toni would have liked, but she was around enough to make a lasting image. She had that personality that anyone could like.
"He was out of line and if I didn't stop him, he wouldn't have stopped. I can't a-"
"Wouldn't you like to know," she responded, sitting up. She lean forward as if to grab to the case, but her hands stopped short. It was dead bolted and there was no way she could open it.
"And are you okay?"
Peggy shook her head. "Then what was that?" she asked, referring to Barnes.
"I am
Nevertheless, thinking like a computer did help Toni whenever her emotions go wild. Even with an overthinking brain, logic was her friend and thinking like a computer helped. It also helped that Harley reminded her of who she was and what she did: she was a mechanic. She was a builder, a fixer. It also meant there was something to focus on, something to create, which was what she needed. She just needed a task.
This was why he snapped on everyone who walked by, even though he was ecstatic that his genius was alive. He knew it would only be a matter of time before she ended up dead, and that—
race to the moon. Anyone who was anyone was trying to make them own super soldier. After revealing the Iron Man suit to the world, people came out of the wood work to create their own. It didn't work for most of them. "Any intel on who could've perfected the Super Soldier." Just recently, Killian popped forward in her head, remembering his goal. He came really close with his flaming army
"Okay," Barnes stated. "What about the fact that you hadn't given me a nickname yet?"
Can Toni and Steve's relationship survives the events of Iron Man 3? Can you all survive of Iron Man 3? And if so, then how they survive a certain Winter Soldier that comes to town?
"Let me go!" Harley cried as he kicked his legs. Being held by Savin, Harley looked small and weak, compared to the glowing man—yes, Toni was still trying to get used to it.
"What are you doing?" Her voice was soft, almost non-existent. Her exhaustion was getting to her and she was having a difficult time keeping her eyes open.
"Lucky?" She asked. "I'll show you lucky!" She showed him her fist, knowing full well what he was doing and she cursed him for it. She didn't need him to comfort her. "So what did Peggy tell you?" she asked, after a few seconds. "And don't give me that it was nothing. She told you what happened, didn't she?"
"Yes, you're father had taught us a few things, though I don't know if we would use any of it," Jones said from the front passenger seat.
She didn't even have to look at him to know he was concerned; his tone was clear. He had been concerned since her midnight run, and the fact that someone was murdered in the park made it worst. "Why don't you tell me about your Christmas growing up?"
Toni didn't respond again as JARVIS took over. Her mind state was too chaotic, and her exhaustion made it all so much worst. Maybe, if she could sleep, it would be better… but sleep was impossible for her. It was something that she would never be able to reach. Maybe, she was cursed. Just destined to fall into insanity like the Stark Way.
Hello! I am sorry it took me so long to get this, but the next Chapter turned into a Monster. Over 14,000 words beast. So I split it in half. haha. You will get the second half once my Beta gets it back. So you will get two chapters in a short time!
"But that's all of the juicy stuff."
"He's my father."
At that, Steve finally moved with a look of pure protectiveness on his face that no one could deny. "Stop," he ordered in his Captain's voice. It was hard to ignore his firm, unforgiving voice as he spoke, giving no room to protest. "We can't be fighting each other." His eyes drilled into everyone, almost daring someone to say something.
Something in Barton changed as he followed her glance. His playful tones vanished as he took a step closer. Quicker and faster than Toni thought possible for the archer, he grabbed her arm, pulling her out of the doorway. He was gentle, though firm, with her, as he held out her black and purple wrist for all the world to see. "Did he do this you?!" There was a roughness in his voice that the genius hadn't heard before. "Did he?!" he pressed harder, when she didn't answer.
Toni pushed away from Barnes slightly as she watched the Super Solder walk to them. For taking on a base filled of hydra soldiers, he looked unharmed, which was pretty damn amazing. She had to give it him, without really giving it to him, because that outfit wasn't helping. He looked like an idiot wearing it, but he liked it for some odd reason. "Geez, Rogers. You look to be in one piece unlike that shit you're wearing," she said as she eyed his ripped jacket.
Anyhow, Part two of the
Loki smiled at her. "It's not my fault you got kidnap by Schmidt. You should take my deal."
Pierce nodded with a deep sigh. "Fury's going to be a problem. Well, we already knew that, but we're going to have to take care of him sooner than later. He wants me to put a stop to Project insight. We can't allow that."
Feeling somewhat better, Steve nodded before making his way to Piece's office, who was softly smiling at him from his office door. Steve had only seen this man from a distance, never talked to him. Steve quite referred it like that, as he didn't like the politics. Toni could smile and make small talk with anyone, but he plowed through it. "Sir, it's an honor."
Toni narrowed her eyes, trying to soak in as much as she could about the man. It felt like he was hardly taken out of box with that wild hair of his. When was the last time that thing was cut? Now, she couldn't see his face due to a large black mask that covered his entire face, which fit the hired assassin look. With that metal arm of his, it was hard to believe that he was human. Who the hell was the man?
Barnes narrowed his eyes and the shape started to morph into his best friend. What was he doing here? "Steve."
"I s-said lights, J-JARVIS," she said. The darkness couldn't be just her eyes, because she could make out odds shapes. Is that the moon? She thought to herself. Did she blow up the ceiling? That would explain why she was in so much pain. "Urgh," she muttered again as pain shot through her head. Out of reflex, her hand flew to her head, and it was wet. Why is my head wet? Did a pipe break? She knew that wasn't right. Water wasn't sticky. She knew she bleeding, and she knew it was bad. It had started to drip down her face.
Toni got to her knees and tried to pull her pants up that way, but she couldn't keep them up with one hand as each time she pulled one side up, the order side fell. "Ah," she uttered in her struggle as she fell forward. If it wasn't for the chair, she would've fallen on her face. She looked up at the closed door, waiting to see if they heard. Not hearing anything, she turned her attention back to her pants.
The AI responded a second later. "As you wish, Miss. I've also prepared a safety briefing for you to entirely ignore."
Okay, there was his low this high. "Okay."
He knew what she was hinting at, because he was struggling. He was already feeling like he had failed her. "I have her," he said, strongly. "I'm not letting go."
I would like to mention I finished this when I was sick, sooo. I don't know if I trust this. :P
"Such a turn on," Loki smirked. "Please slap me." He took a few steps toward her. "I have a craving for you."
Fury did not call her out on it. "Anything is possible, but I do not think so."
"Apparently, you got one for me, well according to the Commandos." He smiled.
"True," he replied, eyeing her from the corner of his eye. "Do you work out?" he asked, noting her well-fit body.
"Just check the reactor, Banner. It appears that the core is intact, so you just need to change the wiring," Toni replied, trying to change the subject.
Gabe let out a laugh. "We have to be careful. We have a mission tomorrow, which means we can't drink too much."
"Toni!" A voice said as a hand found its way onto her shoulder
"The Captain and I only have your best interest at heart, Miss."
"He told me that you weren't go going with him and that Rogers Kid to the Stark Expo. He didn't believe you would try to steal back the device, but I knew you would." He shifted through the papers. "You are predictable."
For those who wonder what was said in French:
"I know, Nick. That's the problem," Steve said, with a heavy sigh. His eyes glanced to Toni, watching her as she stared out the window. Steve, tired of talking in the dark, reached for the light. Though it took him a few seconds to adjust to the light, he noticed Fury's injuries for the first time. There was a brief second of silence as they met glances, and with a firm look, Fury indicated for them to silent. Still not happy, he pointed up to the ceiling and shook his head. Steve, morphing into Captain America, turned the light off. Like hitting a switch, he was in war mode.
Steve didn't answer right away, placing a soft kissed to her clothed shoulder. His fingers softly caressed her forearms as his legs tangled into hers. He was careful not to hit her bad ankle. "You need to rest."
Natasha's eyes widened at the sight of Toni limping. "Toni," she said, stepping toward her.
"I doubt Stark will put too much thought into it. There's a reason why Stark was out in the midnight, and it wasn't to look for a dead man," Pierce stared. "From what you described, it seems like the Iron Man can't sleep, which is what we can use." There was a smile on his face that anything but friendly. It was almost devilish as there was clearly a plan, forming in his head. "It's perfect."
Toni groaned as she rolled, trying to grab the super soldier. "I thought you wanted us to be lazy," she whined, as he was too fast for her. He was already out of the bed before she could reach the edge. "And Bruce really isn't that kind of doctor," she added, even though they treated him like he could handle everything under the sun.
She repeated to herself, hoping to talk some sense into herself. This was all just a game to mess with her head, and she wasn't going to play this game.
This time these words were hers. The Asset was sure about that, but he had no idea where these words came from. Why did these come back to him? Did he want to trap her? Or was it so he could keep her close to protect her? He wasn't sure, but his urges were coming back. He wanted—no, needed. He needed to protect her for some odd reason. It was probably why he listened to Rumlow when he told him to return or else.
Lab equipment could always bring a smile to her face, and even if her damn device never worked, it could also put a smile on her face. There was something about technology that could brighten up her day, even when her emotions were all over the place. The ability to create something was something truly amazing and it was mind blowing to know that she had created something.
happy in that relationship—well at one point, but it didn't last, and he can't say it wasn't without its issues. They fought a
Toni almost choked twice on that one sentence. One: did he just say fonduing? Two, did he just infer that Peggy and her father had this thing? The first one was funny, but the second wasn't. She didn't like that idea at all. Was her mother right? Did her father cheat? She wouldn't put it pass him.
Yet, they had still taken his family. He had taken one of his closest friends.
"I think it was the poker game that sold it for me," the other one said.
"I love you," he said, softly. "And I promise you that I am not going anywhere."
She leaned closer to him. "You're cute sometimes." She smiled.
And I must say, I miss Bucky. He has sooo grown on me. And geez, Steve and Toni are sappy.
The Captain could feel his hands tingle as he reached for the shorts on the bed. Again, he didn't break eye contract with her, and she didn't look away. Silence had fallen as he bowed down in front of her, sliding the shorts up on to her body. His fingers grazed her skin the whole way up, and he could feel himself shake slightly. "You're beautiful," he breathed.
Clint narrowed his eyes. "I believe you do?" he asked, seated. "Did something happen?"
Hearing his first name, he froze and glanced back. "Toni," he muttered. He didn't move; he just watched her run to him. He stepped forward as he noticed her stumble.
(See the end of the chapter for
She hated to see what that Barton would do if he found either the Doll, the bear or the photos. She would never live that down. "I supposed she may see Steve as one big doll to hug." She said, her voice cracking. "She might never let him go."
"I…" There was a pause. "But how? I… don't understand," he spoke, looking down at his hands. "I was playing around–"
"No, he wouldn't." Peggy pushed herself off the wall and looked Toni over. "Was that why you were in there awhile?"
"Nat," came Clint's familiar voice. He sounded exhausted and apprehensive as he spoke. "Rogers, you there?"
Why was he bugging her? Was it about her walking around by herself? Was it about the promise? Sure, she made it, but it seemed like Agent Sassy Kissy Face was all he needed. "Let go of me, Rogers," she demanded, trying to pull her arm free.
The soldier cursed to himself, not noticing anyone coming up behind him. Turning around slow, he let out sigh as he found himself staring down Romanoff. He wasn't sure how she found them, but he had given up a long time ago, trying to figure it out. "I thought that bike looked familiar."
The very thought of going back into the bar scared her; she couldn't face that man, though she wasn't sure why she was so scared. He couldn't hurt her when she was surrendered by people, and there was no way that Barnes, even if he was distracted by some girl, would let anything happen to her. "I'm going to head back," she announced.
The man held out his hand. "Agent Antoine Triplett. Trip for short."
That idea felt
"I'll lock up tonight," he said as he walked past her.
"Let me go!" she hollered as she found herself in the arms of the good Captain. "Let me go right now, Rogers." She was kicking, refusing to remain still. "I don't need you! I don't want you!"
Steve slammed the glass down, breaking it. "I'm not sorry that I want to mourn a friend. I have every right to do so, but I am sorry that I'd upset her. I thought she would want to talk about it." He looked for a trashcan so he could clean up his mess.
Steve smiled. "Well, we wouldn't want that," he said.
Why did everyone say that about her? Did she have a certain face? She needed to fix that. And was it a bad thing that she thought things through? What was wrong with that? "Are you going to tell the Pirate about this?" she asked, pushing her self up into a sitting position. She kept the blanket tight around her, like a warm shield.
"Steve, it isn't your fault," Peggy said, her accent heavy. He turned to her and before he could respond, she reached up onto her tiptoes and kissed him. At first, it looked like he was going to push Peggy away, but instead, he pulled her in and kissed her back.
Loki smiled. "I thought you liked to use rope in your love life?"
"Serves him right," Clint uttered.
he yelled at himself, slamming his pencil down.
she told herself, though that was harder said then done with an ass like that.
This was why when JARVIS alerted Pepper to Toni's sudden appearance in the Tower, Pepper dropped everything and rushed out the door. She barely had time to tell her secretary to cancel her all of meetings before bolting out of Stark Industries. As most of the world thought Toni was sunbathing on a beach, no one was knew that Toni was missing. No one knew why Pepper was excited to see Toni. No one knew her worries. No one had known why Pepper was acting like this.
However, Killian was unaffected by the amount of blood dripping to the floor and copper smell filling the air. "The good news: a high-level position will be vacated soon."
"Don't kill her!" the Commander yelled as Toni closed her eyes. "Just destroy that device before the Allies get what they need."
"No matter what lies Erskine told you, you see I was his greatest success!" Schmidt yelled as the rafters were suddenly pulled a part, separating the two from each other. It wasn't the rafters that startled Steve and Bucky, it was Schmidt, who had peeled off his skin on his face to reveal his red skull.
As soon as Toni walked onto the bridge with Agent Coulson, Steve's eyes were on her. He may not have no idea of what she were saying most of the time, but there was something about the way she spoke that drew him in. She had a self-confidence about her.
Toni looked at him, trying to figure him out. "If you don't tell me what's going on, I'm going to call you Rogers again. Now, tell me!" Though something was up, she was getting annoyed; she tried to move out of his grip, but he wouldn't let her go. Before another word was said, Steve closed the distance and kissed her, kissed her hard. Unlike with the kiss with Barnes, there wasn't much thought even with the shock of Steve kissing her. She couldn't reject him when he was like this, not that she wanted too. There was something about his kiss. It pulled her in.
"Are you okay, Stark?" Phillips asked as he stepped to her side. His hands were tucked behind his back.
"Why is that?"
Steve stared at Toni, holding her tight against his chest. Under the lights, he could see all of the marks and dark spots on her skin. He could see the dark shadows on her face; he could see the exhaustion written on her face, and it killed him. He hated to see how run down she was. Hated how pale and thin she was. Had she not been eating? Did she hide in her lab the whole time? "I know," he said, softly.
Toni laughed, because it was completely ridicules. How could she like the asshole Captain Rogers? She couldn't even stand him. Though the shrimp Steve was sweet, he was Captain America now, which made him an ass. "I think you're crazy," she replied. "Why would I like him?"
Leaning over Rogers, Natasha gave her look as she reached and snatched Toni's arm. Not giving Toni a chance to escape or fight, the super spy yanked her, almost pulling the genius into the car. With gently and firm grasp, Natasha twisted Toni's wrist as she pushed Toni's sleeve up to reveal the bruise. She didn't say a word, as her eyes studied the nasty, dark purple mark on her arm. She ran her thump over it, testing how sensitive it was—which it was.
The expression on Bucky's face drops and he looks like he's physical pain. For a few long seconds, the former assassin is silent as he breaths in ever slowly. It's like he's about to do something painful. "I had…a nightmare…"
Again, the stupid expression on Maya's face made Toni want to punch her light out, but struggle as she might, the genius could do nothing against her restraints, which cut into her flesh.
That doesn't sit well Buck. "No! Why don't you make me?" he hisses, taking another step forward.
Though SHIELD were keeping it under the wraps, there was no denying that Toni was here, not with the fresh blacken marks. "What's on your mind, Cap?" Clint asked, as he searched through the metal scraps of what was once a water tower. The area was flooded water and sharp pieces of metal, and the field was turning into ice with the dropping temperatures.
"Nope, that would be helpful, wouldn't it?" she joked. She eyed him from the corner of her eye. This conversion was the longest conversion she had with Rogers without an argument.
"And I can't forget to sign you up for some self-defense class. I can't have my daughter getting kidnapped all the time. How many times has it been so far?"
I do not own anything Marvel and I do not make any money off this. And i did use some Winter Soldier quotes. I think it is clear which ones those are.
She turned back to Rogers and reached into the sink. "Fuck," she cursed as she made the water too hot.
There were only two lights sources: her dim arc reactor and a light bulb on a wall outside of her cell, which looked like it was going to die. It was so unbearable hot that Toni thought she had sweated off a few pounds in the heat. A rock would have been more comfortable than the bed that she was sitting on.
"Surprise to see yourself here?" he asked, taking a few steps closer to her. He had his chest popped out and his arms folded behind his back to show his superiority.
After changing shoes and put the nursing shoes back into the bag (she might need them for later), she crossed to the door. "Bye, Steve," she whispered as she opened the door. Even now, saying his first name was weird, and she would probably never say it again.
Even if she was exhausted both mentally and physically, she would never agree to go with him, and he was getting on her last nerve, which was probably a normal thing for her. Everyone got on her nerves. "The answer is still no. I have a dress code for my dates. I require at least a Westmancott, but I prefer an Amosu on a man. You are wearing none," she replied as waved at his clothes. "So my answer is no."
*O*O*
"I get you don't like this plan, but this is the only plan we got."
Toni was infuriated because she kept breaking her goddamn rules. She did not chase after people to talk about their feelings. That was too much drama for her, so why in the hell was she chasing after him? She had already talked it out with Rogers, so why did she have to do it again? She thought that they dealt with this, or maybe it was something else… Did something happen to Barnes? Was that why he was being distance?
"No one would've blamed you," she said as she turned to the door.
Hey all,
She took a deep breath as she held the dog tags close, refusing to let go. "I don't know what you're talking about. I am a great actress." Rogers were standing so close that she could feel his hot breath on her, and it drove her crazy.
Ignoring the heat building in her chest, Toni pulled back slightly and stared into his eyes, which just drilled through her. She could melt in his eyes as he looked upon her like she was the most important thing in the world, which just sent her stomach into summersaults. Just by looking at her, he could make everything disappear and make her feel ten times better. He had this way at looking at things. He had this way about him, seeing the best in people. He made her want to jump into his arms and never leave. "But my food! It's going to get cold," she whined, unable to take his intensity.
"We need to talk," he said, still not letting her arm go. "Can we talk?" he asked softly, almost as if he was scared. He eyed her, as if she was going to break.
Anyhow, I hoped you enjoyed this chapter and poor Toni, she is all confused. She doesn't know what's she feeling.
Toni smacked hard against the ground, and this time, she wasn't able to push herself up. In fact, she couldn't feel her body. Did she even have a body? She couldn't even tell if she was breathing and that should've scared her if she had truly understood what was going on. Her mind, which hadn't been at an hundred percent for a while, had drifted into the smoke, and there was no down or up anymore.
*O*O*
"Okay, thank you, Mr. Rogers," she said. It felt very weird to call him Mister.
It was difficult to tell this woman no. "I can't…Not now."
Toni didn't know what he was saying, but she was pretty sure he was mocking her. "Well, not my fault you have super muscles. Totally unfair," she replied, though she was not sure why she bothered. "You got to give a girl-" Toni paused, her mind spinning. He may be super, but he was a man and all men have the same weakness, right? Without wasting any time, she kicked him as hard as she could between the legs. At first, Toni didn't know what to expect or how he would react. She had never kicked Steve there, so she didn't know how much it would hurt a super soldier.
"I told you why."
"You might want to change that answer." A third voice called out.
"It's a serious offer," Rogers says, watching him as he steps toward the door.
Sam looked alarmed. "So this entire time, Hydra was playing with her with a dead man?" He asked, his anger breaking though. "The fact that someone would do that is repulsive! They played with her like toy, breaking her with the face of a friend. God, if I can punch those Nazis in the face I would." He paused for a second, taking a deep breath. "I should've tried harder. I should've pushed harder. I knew she was showboating, and I just let her go."
Toni had decided to take another look at Stark's security before heading home from work, which was annoying as ever. She really couldn't stand the sexist attitudes of the assholes who walked by. Did they really think they were going to get in her pants that easy? Really? Were they stupid? Why in earth would she want to sleep with anyone of them when they kept insulting her because she was a woman? Just because she was female, it didn't mean that she was stupid or obedient to man. Just because she was a working girl, it did not mean she would spread her legs for anyone. Yes, she had a reputation of being a slut (one that she had started to regret), but that did not mean anything. She was not easy.
Behind her was the same female HYDRA soldier from before and she was holding the knife tightly against her neck. "So alone," she said, mocking her. "No one's going to help you." Toni knew it was a risk when she went out alone, but she had to, and it wasn't like she couldn't take care of herself, though now wasn't a good example.
Toni glanced up, looking him over. "Skully isn't that scary." She tried to shrug it off as nothing. She didn't need them worrying.
*O*O*
That statement surprised her. Toni looked into his eyes, trying to figure out what was going on in his head. "What happened?" she asked. If he was able to get drunk, she would've thought he was drunk.
She told herself, but that didn't mean she wasn't going to. She absolutely was.
"Skully?"
"Getting my pack ready," Toni answered, giving him a look of her own.
And Rumlow, doesn't seem all that happy, does he?
"Damn sure."
"Miss!" he sounded startled. "Stay with me, please. Please, stay awake."
"He's an idiot when it comes to women. No wonder he can't get laid," Clint pointed out. "Dumbass."
"I'm not letting you go out there," he spoke as he put on a pair of glasses. He reached for a file and opened it.
He didn't care that he got the last name treatment from her-okay, maybe a little-, but he was glad that she was here. "It's you. It's really you," he said softly, grabbing onto her extended hand. "How's this possible?"
Bruce let out a sigh. "I didn't. We didn't even know that she was gone. Trust me, I wouldn't have let her leave."
Shaking her head, the genius got to her feet and stepped to her desk. She ran her fingers over the touchscreen contract panel. "JARVIS," she called. "Get the suit ready."
"How is she?" Natasha asked from the doorway. With her arms folded across her chest, she was leaning against the doorway, eyeing them.
"Nicknames are for friends," she replied, looking back to the device. It was his order to put her under, and for that, she was mad at him. He didn't care about her nightmares, that she couldn't sleep, or that she was haunted by the death of everyone around her. He just didn't care. He didn't care what he had done to her.
"Why don't you tell me what your end game is?" Toni asked, as a memory started to work it way forward. She had long forgotten, or rather shoved back the memory of the last few weeks of 1999. She didn't want to think about
The Colonel took a deep breath. "My name is not salty."
"She wouldn't have shot at you for nothing!" She gave him a knowing smile. "C'mon, I can help you!" She held her hands together and gave him the biggest smile ever. "You can't turn this smile down!"
Steve forced himself to breathe through his nose. He was already disillusioned to SHEILD, but Natasha, though she may not show it, believed in SHIELD with everything she had. Believed in what they were doing. They pulled the Black Widow and turned her. They were new family. While Steve felt betrayed, among other things, he could only imagine what she was feeling.
This was the Rogers she could handle. Why couldn't the future one be this sweet and soft instead of the righteous asshole, who yelled at her for everything?
Toni waved him off. "She has a company to run, Bird Brain. She can't stay here forever."
While Banner worked on duplicating the device, the Captain went on a SHIELD mission, which he had taken to get his mind off Toni's disappearance, but it failed to distract him as she was always on his mind. (Though it might've not been a distraction regardless as he was looking for the stole devices.) Thinking about her didn't divert his attention away from the mission too much, and besides no one could take him (well besides Thor or the Hulk) in a fight. He kept thinking about what she would say in retort to the criminal he was trying to catch, and he had to hold back a few laughs as quite a few snarky, smartass things came to mind.
Oh, she was so giving this AI away. "So, which College do you prefer?" she asked.
. I'll kill you myself. Burn you alive, if you catch my drift." She was pointing toward Toni's wrist, making it hard to look anywhere else. "Do understand?!"
"I might win then," Gabe stated.
Then there was Bruce. Toni liked Bruce; he was quickly becoming one of her closest friends. She didn't know how she survived without him for so long as she could balance her crazy ideas off him. There was no judgement of any kind, and Toni liked that about him, but she still had no idea of what his goals or desires were. Did he want to stay? Was being here torture for him? Did he want to go? But most importantly, what did he want? Was he being forced into this? As she knew nothing about his desires, he was the wild card.
She closed her eyes as she forced herself to take a deep breath. Her heart was beating far too fast to be safe. After a few deep breaths, she opened her eyes slowly and opened the smaller envelope. "Outsmarting me even from beyond," she uttered, angrily. "Can't let me win, can you? Just had to show me up?" she asked as she reached in. "That's messed up." She pulled out a letter and a picture. Each looked like they had seen better days.
She yelled at herself. Why did she start this damn flirting game?
Toni stared at him for a few seconds, comprehending what he had just said. "What?" she uttered, not expecting that from him.
Madame Hydra laughed as she stepped toward Toni. "Does she really mean that much to you?" she asked, as she picked up her own metal torture device.
"It's fine, Jim," Steve utters, desperation in his voice. "We got him. It's okay. Trust me, please."
"Nothing," she hoarsely answered back. As she didn't hear anything else from the guard, Toni turned back to the shadows that Loki had been standing in, but he was no longer there, leaving her alone again. Though she would never admit it, she was sad that he was gone, solely for the fact that she had been alone in this cell for far too long. She was forgetting what it was like to have a conversion with someone.
wanted to see him like that. She may have left the message alerting to him that she was alive, but there was no telling if he got it.
"So I just needed to make you angry to get you to drop the Salty? I should've done this sooner," he said with a smile. He stepped closer to the table.
Putting back, Steve smiled at Toni as he stood her back up right. "Geez, you know how to make a girl weak at her knees."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Clint," Natasha says through her teeth, warning to shut up. Her eyes are shooting draggers.
someone's child that I'm killing."
She was scared to use the device as it might stop her fading reactor, which could kill her. However, she had been preparing for her death for years. She never expected to live this long. She was supposed to have died years ago... and there was a part of her that wondered why she wasn't dead.
Shuddering, Toni couldn't shake the image of him playing with
She eyed him for a second before taking glancing around. She caught a few eyes on them, which was just another signal that Peggy was right about that rumor. "I don't talk to Barnes about my emotions," she responded with a chuckle.
"Do you see her now?" The Colonel replied with a gentle smile. "Out of all the years I have known Toni, she has
"It isn't a he," Phillips stated as he pulled the fake file that he made for the woman. "You just know her as Toni." He handled it to Rogers. "I'm surprised she didn't tell you."
"How can that be? She was in lab before the Device went off and now she's not?" Pepper asked. "Can you tell us anything? Is she alive?" Her voice was shakily.
"Steve," Peggy muttered.
Steve eyed her red left ankle for a moment before he looked up at her. Not to his surprise, she was still watching him, but she hadn't said a word. Still on his knees, he straightened himself up and reached for her hoodie, which was still dripping wet. His hands went to her side, prompting her to lift up her arms, and not a second later, she lifted up her arms to allow him put the hoodie up and over her head.
*O*O*
"You two aren't seriously believing this? That she's Howard's Daughter? For one, I don't think Howard would ever settle down," she replied, irritated. "However, if I think about, I'm surprised that Howard doesn't have ten children with ten different woman already."
Toni froze hearing a new voice enter the room. "Steve," she said, soft, as she turned toward the door. Her heart raced as she noticed Steve,
, him! Which is a good counterbalance for his over the top insecurities. Serious, his insecurities are the size of Mount Rushmore, which makes it's surprising that those two put up with him and his baggage. He expected—still expects them to run for the hills every time he does something stupid, which is quite often considering he's a fucken genius who likes to test his limits.
"We don't know that yet," Peggy responded, eyeing Toni. "And you don't think she's a spy now?" She leaned against the glass, watching Erskine leave.
. Trying not to think about it but failing, her mind went to Steve. Though not at this moment, Steve was a soldier as well, and he would follow any order to the end, including betraying her. That ate at her.
Steve only glanced at the monitor for a second before he glanced back Thor. He really had no interest in listening to Loki, as he knew that would help no one. Loki would love to get into their heads and fuck them up. Steve wished that they would just locked him up and throw away the key.
"Understood, Miss. How would you like to proceed?"
Toni broke out into a laugh, trying to throw him off. "I think you're reading too much into that," she said, recalling what she had said to him. He had tossed it aside as a joke then, and Toni had thought that was the end of that. She thought that she had discredit the idea, but she did the opposite. "I'm Toni Sark from Brooklyn," she said as smoothly as she could in her exhausted-haze. Years and years of experience had made her a master liar, so she said the quickest thing she could think of, and it wasn't a complete lie. She had lived in Brooklyn with Steve and Bucky, which seemed like an eternity ago.
She recalled the 'look' in both of her mother and father's eyes. She reminisced how she could look at the two of them and get this visceral feeling deep in her gut. It was this overwhelming heat in her chest, realizing the strength of it. There was no doubt they loved each other. No doubt they would go to the end of the earth for the other. They would die for the other. Grasping how intense that could be, Toni recognized the fear that leaked in. The fear of losing someone so special was gut-wrenching, and the fear was genuine. When her mother died, she saw how
Tony laughs as Bucky adds with a grin, "So do I."
With the city disappearing behind her, Toni's speed picked up, and once she reached the speed she wanted, she spun—rotated continuously, creating a vortex of water around her. With the water surrounding her, she closed her eyes, listening to the water moving. It sounded like she was flying through a waterfall, as the water pinged against her suit. It was like a song playing, and she wanted to fall asleep to it. She wanted to dream to it as the world around her appeared and she finally found some peace. Flying in her suits could always bring her tranquility as she was safe, but this was something else. It was freeing to be the only one around and to be in complete control.
*O*O*
She glared at his back. It wasn't the time to bring this up, but she knew he wouldn't drop it. "There's nothing to tell. You're the one who been acting weird since I told you the truth."
"Okay," he stated with a smile.
"Bucky made that for you," Rogers states as he turns from Tony.
"Ton-" Steve started but was interrupted. "I take offense to that, Barton. I'm not dog. If anything, I'm a cat!" she replied, imagining the looks on their faces. "Dogs are stupid, trained to follow commanders, but cats are smart. They listen to no one, doing whether they want whenever they want. They sleep wherever they want. They-"
When Toni came upon Salty, he was alone, looking over something as he sat silently at his makeshift desk. "Hey, Salty," she called as she entered.
Toni didn't have time to think or catch her breath; she had to strike now. She reached for the other gun and drew it before the Commander could pull the blade out. She took aim at the woman, but the other Hydra Soldier came flying at her. Turning to him, she fired and hitting him in the shoulder. He stumbled back, but it didn't stop him, and he continued his attack. Toni fired again, and this time he went down, but before she could do anything else, the Commander was up and on her again.
Aware that he couldn't do anything but pout, Steve wasn't laughing, just giving Natasha the puppy dog eyes until she got sick of it and moved. Ever since then, it has become a game before every movie night to see who can steal a seat next to Tony. It's a game that everyone enjoys besides James and Steve, who don't like it all, and they're willing to do anything to prevent someone from stealing their seat: coming early, refusing to let Tony sit before they're both ready, and/or taking as much room on the sofa as possible until all three of them are seated. Bucky may or may not bring knifes as well…
That frightened Bruce. He knew Toni had programmed Jarvis to have some emotion, but Bruce had not witness them so strongly before now. "What are the chances her reactor survives that?" he asked, looking over the blue prints again.
"You impress me, Sark," he said. "I do not wish to break you and make you into one of these mindless fools." He let go of Toni's face and crossed to the control panels.
She asked. Closing her eyes, she pushed him away hard and swung her arm blindly.
"Yes. Mr. Banner is in the robotic lab on the west side," JARVIS replied.
she thought, thinking back to him. He was an asshole who was up to something, and she was going to find out what. "You forget I'm from the future. I know."
Bucky's eye twitches. "At least, I wasn't moping and crying the whole time like a
Barnes narrowed his eyes at the nickname, his face puzzled for a second. It disappeared a second later. "Thank you," he replied, his tone changing. "Your obedience will be rewarded."
"Once we touched down, Stark, who is waiting for us in London, will hand over the device and he will supervise you."
There was something off about this room, which didn't look quite right. "Where am I really?" he asked, suspiciously. Toni should've been here; she wouldn't have left him here alone, not after what happened. Peggy wouldn't have left him either.
"Only if you promised that you'll be good."
Howard laughed, but Colonel made a face. "I don't know if anyone would be jealous," Phillips stated.
The anger in Jim's face broke as he rounded the desk to get close to Toni. "Tones," he uttered, softly, as he kneed down in front of her. "Talk to me," he said, placing a supportive hand on her knee. His voice was soft and warm as he looked at her. "Tell me the truth."
Toni knew she should, but her heart was beating too loudly. Everything around her was spinning and it was hard to know what she was even thinking. "Thank you," she said, unsure what else to say. She let silence fall between, not speaking. Unable to speak. Minutes had pass before anyone even moved.
"I get risks, but you need to be smart about them."
Without a lab, Toni had nowhere to run to besides to Steve. Granted, she had a general idea from one of their conversion, which she vaguely listened to, but she headed there now. "JARVIS," she called, having put on her Bluetooth.
Fury's eyes narrowed. "Someone was stolen from me, and I want to find out who. I need to know who."
Steve didn't respond as he pushed back her loose hair with his free hand. With a hand on her cheek, he studied her face in silence for a good few seconds before asking, "Will you marry me?"
When Steve first called requested to speak with Peggy, Toni tried not to feel jealous, but it was hard, and now it was really difficult. She didn't understand why he was rejecting her help. Was it something that Schmidt had said? Did he not trust her?
With the energy of a child, Gary closed the door quickly—almost slamming it-, but his goofy smile died slightly as he looked at her, her messy state. "And where is the good Cap? Is he outside?" He repeated as he looked toward the door. How could he leave you? Someone amazing as you! He should be treating you like his queen. I would never let you out of my sight if I was him."
Toni pushed herself up, careful not lean on her bad ankle. "So, Brucey? Since we aren't in the band, want to join me in Malibu? Nice sunny, no snow. Bath suits all the time?" She could feel Steve's stare on her as she said it, and she couldn't help but chuckle at it. "Unless you are hiding a beer gut or something. I for one look hot in a bathing suit."
Toni was sitting on her cot, staring at the wall of her small quarters that she shared with Peggy, who was more annoying than ever since that kiss with Captain Ass.
Ever since the first nightmare, she hadn't been able to forget his face, and every time she tried to sleep, he was there with those piercingly cold eyes, which frightened and overwhelmed her with guilt. She couldn't rest with her remorseful conscience, only getting a few hours a sleep a night. She had lost count how many nightmares that she had since Bucky had died, but it was the third since Rogers went down. However, it was the first time that she dreamed of Rogers, and it knocked the air from her lungs. Even if Rogers and she fought all of the time, she couldn't deal with him hating her, but it was her fault. Once she got back to her time, she didn't know how or if she could face him.
FOR NOW.
"You have to pick." Steve stated leaning down to look into her eyes.
"What are you talking about?" she asked. Her brain went into overdrive as she tried to remember everything from the day that she was transported back to this time. "Why am I asking you? You're no help." She shook her head as she thought about everything that Loki and Thor had ever told her. She finally realize what she needed and what she needed was the Tesseract, which would have unlimited power. It could open portals.
There was no doubt in his voice as he spoke, "Yes."
He had already thought this about her, but man, he couldn't help but think she was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. "Oh, did anything else come to mind during this realization?"
"Fine, but you better get me a cheeseburger." She said, turning the tablet off. She followed Rollins out against her better judgement, but would it be so bad if she died?
Steve eyed Toni for a few seconds before he turned to the movie. For a few minutes his eyes were on the movie invested on the emotional adventure of Carl, but the second he felt a weight against his side, his eyes were on the brunette next to him. The half-eaten popcorn bowl was on the table and Toni was curled up on the sofa, trying to get comfortable against him. With a smile in his face, he lifted his arm, and it only took a second for her to duck under it and curl up in his chest. "I got you," he said softly, putting a protective arm around her.
Natasha scorns, sounding very annoyed.
Soon.
"I never said you weren't."
"You have such a mouth."
Howard turned to her and gave her a sharp look. "What does that mean?"
Shaking her head, Toni cleared her mind and turned her attention to the monitors. Though she knew she shouldn't, she was going to do her best to help these soldiers win this battle, as they weren't going to lose because of her. Having a bird eye view of the base with the cameras, she was going give them support that they needed.
"Then what is this?" Bucky asked, eyeing his roommate. "Why bring her home? Is there something going on with you?"
Toni looked between the two, glaring. "I don't like shoes. Can't feel my toes," she replied, wiggling her cold toes. She glanced down at her filthy sockets, which were forming holes.
Again, she was pretty, but Steve wasn't lying when he stated he hadn't noticed. He only had eyes for one gal and that was Toni Stark, who reminded him of the small man that he used to be—not in a bad way. She made him remember who he was and where he came from, and he loved that. That wasn't to say that they didn't have their moments. No relationship was perfect.
He turned back to her ever so slowly with a look that could cut right through a brick wall. "Do I need to torture you again? I promise this time would be worse than the last."
Toni touched down in Camp Lehigh with a light thump and scanned the camp before disembarking from the armor. Like she expected, the Camp was empty with her being the lone soul in the area. "What the ETA of the others?" she asked, wondering how much time she had alone.
Toni shifted on the couch so she could look at Barnes. She could see the tension in his shoulders and she knew he was going to tell Rogers the truth. She did not want to be here for that. "Hey, Barnes," she stated as she stood up. "Where have you been?" she asked.
*O*O*
"Anything can be altered, Captain, but this is not the case here. Only Miss Stark has the authority to alter my records, and she did not do so."
"Stark, slow down."
Toni exhaled slowly as she stood up and reached for the uniforms on the table. "How's Rogers?" she asked.
Why was it so important to know where the good Captain was? "Rhodey! You have to give me the good stuff? What is going on? Tell me!" she said loudly… surprising loudly as she was tired as all hell.
Toni stood outside of Stark Industries, wearing all black. She had a medium size black bag on her back, which held all of her tools. She watched from across the street as four black Chevrolet Carryall Suburbans pulled out of the compound. She knew her father, surrendered by his security team, was in one of those SUVs. There was no way she would be able to get the device if he kept it on him; however, it would be very stupid for him to have it on his person. The military considered the unnamed device a threat and Howard would not take a threat into the general public.
She could feel her the shakes start to die down, as she found herself face first in a man's chest. She could feel the memories fade as his fingertips gently stroked the skin on her wrist.
"No, I do not have any plans on bringing him back to Earth," Fury answered. He wasn't sure there was any cell on this planet that could hold that man, and he wasn't going to take that chance, not for Stark.
Suddenly feeling a hand on her shoulder, Toni flinched, almost jumping three feet in the air. Trying to control her heart beat, Toni looked up to see a smiling Bruce. Even in his exhaustion, he had a fond smile on his face as he stared down at her. He wasn't saying anything, but she knew he was checking on her. It seemed like he was the only one to have noticed her panic attack—no, not a panic attack. Toni Stark did not have a panic attack.
"Why you-"
Clint looked between the two. "Are we really not going to talk about the weapons you created to takedown the Avengers?"
"What's she doing now, Bucky?" Steve asked, giving her a look, as he disarmed himself.
So now, she just closed her eyes waiting for death as there were no dodging fireballs—not in her state. She waited for the hit, the burning of flash, but it never came. She expected pain, but she just was met with a gentle -ashy though- breeze. Even with the cinders, it was still a blessing against her sweating face. She could sit there for a second and just feel the coolness against her face. It felt heavenly, but now was not the time.
He tried to argue with himself, saying she wasn't his Toni; this Toni Stark was someone who looked like his Toni. It wasn't uncommon for people to look alike.
"Toni, Bucky," Rogers called as he noticed them.
"Um," she muttered, trying to sound innocent. She doubted he would like either nickname; Shrimp really wasn't anything to be proud of. And Captain Asshole wasn't exactly nice. "You don't need to know." She put on a smile and skipped away.
Loki took another step toward her. "What I want isn't a crime."
Anyhow, until next time.
"You'll teach her what, Private?"
Toni threw her head back and stared at the ceiling. "I'm fine," she said through her teeth. She didn't want to be here, and she wanted nothing more than to get back to her device. It might not work, but she wouldn't know unless she tried.
She didn't want to deal with a certain person today, because of what today was. It was March 15, and she knew Rogers would know the importance of that day, because it was the day that her father died. He liked her father unlike her. She couldn't stand her father, and he couldn't understand why, but Toni wasn't going to enlighten him. He didn't have the right to know. He didn't have the right to look into her soul.
Bruce must've said something as Steve pulled her into his arms and stood. Like he wasn't even holding her—held down by her weight-, he got to his feet in mere seconds and grace. Keeping her warm, he held her close as Bruce laid the blanket over her. Just before she passed out, she could feel someone squeeze her shoulder, and she couldn't stop the warm flooding though her body.
"Why would I do that? It's half the fun," he said, jumping off the table. "You agree and then I tell you."
"Toni," A voice called, shaking her softly.
Anyhow, here you go. Let me know what you think.
The Author end:
To add to her struggle, it wasn't long before she came to a fork in the road. In her daze, she wasn't able to put her thoughts together and figure out what to do; she couldn't wrap her mind around anything. Also, the smoke had clouded her vision and she was barely able to make anything out, though she didn't know it was the smoke or her vision blacking out, but either way, it wasn't good. To make things even worse, her throat felt like it was on fire. She was coughing as she breathed in the heavy smoke. She was losing her energy rapidly.
"You know, I read those SSR files. Greatest generation? You guys did some nasty stuff."
Peggy glanced back at Howard before following Toni out of the room. It was clear that she wasn't going to take a 'no' for an answer. "Why don't you want Howard to wake up? What aren't you telling me?"
And it also doesn't seem like Toni always gets the short end of the Stick, doesn't it? First Barnes, then Steve, and now Howard.
The exhausted, worn out, heartbroken genius from the future was too tired to fight with her father, who she had to keep reminding herself that she hated, that he was an ass, as the guy in front of her was anything but that. She took a deep painful breath as she knew he was right. She was too drained to do anything. "Okay." She closed her eyes, which were blood red from her crying.
As he opened the door for her, she narrowed her eyes at him. "You're leaving in three days. I think he would notice you disappearing."
"What the hell?" Toni asked, annoyed, as she pushed out of Steve's arms. "Can't a girl get some action?" Her eye was twitching as she eyed the scene in from of her. "Who…" The words died in her throated as she eyed the guy on the ground with a camera around his neck. She folded her arms crossed her chest and left out a puff. "Really? Here? I swear these guys are like mosquitos."
*O*O*
Pepper wasn't too focus on them; her mind was on Toni and Steve. She wasn't quite sure what was going on between the two, who never seemed to stop fighting. First, they were yelling at each other, and then they were refusing to talk to each other. Then, it seemed like they were love sick over the other, and then they were fighting again. It left Pepper confused; however, whatever it was, they needed to have a real conversion, which was difficult to pull out of Toni.
Finally able to take a deep breath, Toni decided to head back before she lost her mind completely…though the question was whether she had already lost it. She was jumping at every sound, every movement, waiting for something. She didn't know that this something was. At this point, she wasn't sure if she was making things up or was in fact seeing it. Either way, Toni knew it was best that she return—no, not home. Home was where the heart was, but her heart wasn't there. She wasn't sure where home was.
With a deep sigh, Toni opened her eyes, put her foot against the petal and took off without a second thought. She couldn't spend another second in this tower, and she didn't care if her body felt heavy. She had to get out of here, and there was only one place she could think of.
"You just want to hook me up again," he muttered annoyed. "I thought we learned this the last time that no one wants a guy like me." He sounded depressed.
A knock at the door interrupted Steve, who shot a deadly glare at the door. "Come down, boy," Toni said with a chuckle. "I'll get the door. No need to burn it down." She waved him off, as she crossed to the door barefoot. With a forced smile, she opened the door. Before she could even get a word out, she could already feel her eye twitch. "Oh, it's the Wonder Twins." With a harsh sigh, Toni folded her arms a cross her chest. "What can I do for you?"
Her heart was beating a million miles per second, almost at heart attack levels, as Barnes' bloody dead flashed in her mind, and all she could see was his broken body. It left her countless questions. Was it painful? Was it a slow death? Did he die bloody? Did he suffer? His death had haunted her for so many numerous nights that she couldn't remember anymore. She hated herself for what happen to hm. She hated herself for what she did to Steve as well, allowing him to lose his best friend. She betrayed him, even if he didn't see like that.
it, not that you would ever admit if you did. However, I'll leave you my coat, because my father taught me to be a gentleman, and this is the gentleman thing to do."
She had been called a fool before, and she would be called a fool again, no doubt by Rogers, but she didn't think being a fool was a bad thing. She was quite proud of her foolishness, and she would never stop. However, the look he was giving her could scare the fool right out of her. "What do you want?" she asked. "If you think you're going to get anything out of me, don't. I won't tell you anything, and you'll be wasting your time." She tried to emotionally ready herself, even if she knew nothing she would do would be good enough.
"Do you have PTSD?"
The Chaos of Time is coming soon.
"You don't have to put it away. I can still work on it," Toni spoke as he watched him shut the case.
grow with Steve was a bad thing, because
Toni couldn't guess what day or month this was, because one, she didn't know how long she had been out and two, she wasn't sure how time travel worked or how far she back. She could have gone back 75 years or 75.23 years, and she had no clue how to find out without looking like an idiot, not that she didn't already look at one. Right now, she looks like a chicken without a head. Normally, she knew New York like the back of her hand, but now, she was completely lost. The whole city was different and she couldn't find her away around to save her life, but more importantly, she was unable to locate her father's building. Maybe that was for the best, because there was no way for her to sneak into that company.
"Grandpa? One of you two reproduced?" Toni asked, shocked. "Who was the unlucky lady? Who do I need to send the flowers to?"
Toni struggled with the chains again as he eyed her. "I can't sleep all day long, now can I? I don't need that much beauty sleep," She replied, not taking his eyes off him. Judging by his movement, he was up to something, though he was always up to something.
Taking a deep breath, she noticed the monitor's plug. I can use that, she thought. She reached for cord and yanked it, catching it in her broken arm. Using her nails, she pulled apart the plug, so she would use the little wires inside. After freeing some of the wires, she turned her attention to the handcuffed. "Fuck," she muttered. God was really playing a joke on her, wasn't he? It was going to difficult to pick free her right hand, using her right hand, but she was going to try. After a few minutes of struggling with it, she had given up using her right hand. Passing the wires to her left hand, she hoped she could do this.
Bruce chuckled as Pepper gave Barton a look. When did Toni and Steve become the mother and father of this group? She wasn't sure how good those two would be together, though he might give Toni something to hold on to. He could ground her, which was what she needed, but Pepper was scared that he might do the opposite. He could end up destroying her.
Toni always got short of breath whenever he said those words for some reason, and she knew he noticed. She knew he liked it, because he kept damn saying it. "Oh, do you," she breathed out, feeling his breath against her neck.
to rest," Dum Dum stated, keeping his cane close. "Your father gave specific instructions."
Steve held her tighter. "Toni, it wasn't by choice," he said, recalling what Dum Dum had told him back in the nursing home. After the time traveling, Howard had been a proud father, which he could tell from Dugan's many stories.
Toni narrowed her eyes, because one, he didn't know everything. He just thought he did, and two, he did not know her, even if there was some truth to his words. He had no idea of what she was going through. "You're right," she started, staring at his face. "We don't have time for this. Go get them, Cowboy."
hiding in his lab, and everyone knows it, which Tony hates. He hates that everyone knows he's a coward, hiding from Barnes and Rogers.
Loki sat up in the cot and put the journal down, keeping it open with two fingers. "I had the desire to see your beauty," he stated with a smirk. "Interesting diary you have it." He fingered the pages of the book.
This was the normal for them, trying to one up the other—not Sharon could ever beat her. She didn't know what it was, but Sharon brought this rivalry out of her. Maybe, she was just jealous because she wished she had Peggy rather than her father. Peggy was awesome, kicking ass like it was going out of style, while her father was an asshole. A judging asshole that she could never live up to. "So, what is with the Nurse uniform," she replied, getting to her feet.
"We'll see about that." Toni wasn't going to talk to her father.
She could hear the worry in his voice, but that wasn't enough for her. "You should've alerted me." Lately, she had been feeling left out, an outsider to Toni's new world, and she felt like the current events had sealed it.
For Toni, that meant as soon as she saved the president, she would disappear, because she didn't want to talk about whatever she was seeing. She had already let Steve in, and she couldn't handle letting anyone else in more so than she already did. That would make it real, and she couldn't face that right now. It was too much, and to make matters worse, Maya's death was now replaying in her head. Her eyes, her regrets were forever engraved in Toni's head. Unlike with Bucky, Toni had seen the panic in her eyes when Maya knew her death was near.
With a smile, Steve pulled back and said, "I love you."
she told herself, refusing to think of a future. She was getting ahead of herself. Really ahead of herself.
Like she expected, the door to the control room was locked, but it couldn't keep her out. One, she was a fucken genius, and two, she knew all of the ins and outs of this place. She hooked the scanner up to the lock, which surprisingly was a keypad lock. It only took a few seconds before numbers appeared on the screen. She typed in the numbers and the door slid open.
Steve smiled lightly. "I didn't want to bother you guys."
She liked her rules, because they made things less sticky. Life wasn't complicated when she followed her damn rules, and her damn emotions wouldn't be affecting her so much. She wouldn't be a laughing stock.
Steve turned to her. "Yes!" There was a pause. "I don't need you to save me. Why kind of man gets saved by a dame with a broken arm?"
Anyhow, until next time. I should be able to get the final chapter out in a few days. Just need to finish it up.
The Asset wasn't sent to New York City often, only when there was something important that needed his attention. He was usually sent for two reasons: his specific skills were needed (when others had failed) or to send a message. His kills were widely known throughout the intelligence community, though most didn't believe he existed. Most thought he was just a story told to scare child… well, other spies and agents, but he had been credited with over two dozen assassinations in the last fifty years, though the number was wrong. In fact, it had been more, a lot more, but only a select few knew the real number of kills.
"What?" Clint said, trying to sound innocent. "She wanted to see me cry!"
As she started to exam the device, she realized a component was missing. It was the core that was missing, and she couldn't help but blame her father, though she knew it might not be his fault. "When you put two Starks together, magic happens." However, even with the 'magic', she was going to kill her father if he took the core. What was he trying to do? Stop her? Help her? Just being an ass?
"Hey!"
"Dude, Captain America needs my help. There's no better reason to get back in." Sam said, smiling as he stared down at file. He had slimmed the files down on the table seconds ago with a grin on his face.
Her eye twitched. He was really sounding like the future Rogers. "Coming, Rogers," she responded, ignoring the twitch in his eyes at the sound of his last name.
"Yea, right," Barton waved off, as he picked up a present with his name on it.
It made Toni blush and that wasn't easy as she wasn't
Buck snorts. "This AI will be the death of us."
I hoped you enjoyed this. I wasn't sure if Dugan was still alive in the future, but he wasn't confirmed dead, so he was the commando that I used. I hope no one was too OOC. I have been struggling with that lately.
Channeling Toni, he wanted to sick Pepper on them and watch her go to town. He may be a super soldier, but that woman scared him. She had a way with words that could have anyone shaking in their boots. He had just gotten off the phone with her when he arrived at his apartment. He had barely gotten any words out, as she shot out questions. "Is Toni with you? She isn't answering her phone. Usually a sign that she's avoiding me." "She's better not be next to you." "Is she hiding from me?" "I swear I'm always the last one to know. I need to be informed about these things." "Did you two get engaged without tell me?" "Tell me. Are you in engaged?" "So, you aren't engaged?" "Why would the media think that?" "Wait, she said what?" "Are you okay?" "You aren't lying to me, are you?" "Steve, I'm sorry." "If that changes, will you tell me?" "And tell Toni to call me. We have to put a statement out." "Are you sure that you're okay?"
Before either man could say anything or even react, Toni bolted. She heard Barnes calling after her, but she would not stop. She could not stop. His death kept playing in her head, and her guilty was weighing on her. Though she hadn't known how he died, she kept seeing his death and each way was different. She had to get those images out of her head or she was going to go crazy.
Soon, he was just asset again.
Smiling at a young boy, Steve put his finger to his lips to indicate for the kid to keep quiet. "That little boy."
Bucky replies. He sounds like he has been caught in the headlights, but he also sounds relieved like he has finally gotten the thing he always wanted.
Tony turns to U, eyeing the bot as it chirps. There's something about U and Dum-E that Tony can't help but love. Sure, they aren't as advance as some of his tech, but they're worth so much more. "Friday, are you messing with Cap and Metal Arm?" he asks.
"NOW," she snapped, not caring what JARVIS was saying. There was something out there, and she was going to prove it before he got away. No, she wasn't crazy and she was going to punch the asshole that said or hinted it. "And I am so going look over your code as soon as I return."
Toni eyed him with an intense glare and didn't turn back to her father's grave until the lawyer disappeared out of the sight. She gave the tombstone the stink eye as she hugged the suit jacket to her body. Sure, she didn't want the jacket, but she had to admit that she needed one. "So dear oh dad, lecturing me from the grave, are you?"
"Why is that?" Steve asked, almost snapping.
"You just want to use it for your military, which I will not condone. I do not create weapons," Toni stated. She was retired from the weapons business and she refused to return, even if the unnamed device could be used as a weapon (if it worked like it was supposed to) and she upgraded/designed better weapons for the Avengers. She would not create massive weapons anymore; Stark Industries was no longer making weapons. Howard Stark be damned.
She squeezed her eyes shut as the pain flew through her body. The meds must be wearing off. She tried to move her arms to call the nurses for more meds, but her left arm was in a sling, a clear sign that it was broken. The other was handcuffed to the bed's railing as if she was a criminal. What the fuck? Why would they treat me like that? Sure, she knew she pissed SHIELD and the Avengers off and always had an act of sneaking off, but did they really have to handcuff her? Did they not trust her?
"I'm fine," she replied, glancing down at his shaking hand. "And no I can't."
Would she really leave with Rollins without saying to word? No, that wasn't right. She didn't trust these assholes. "I do-"
Steve turned to her and he couldn't help but glare at her non-expression. He couldn't understand how she could be so emotionless about things. "Why? What's he planning? This isn't just a show to the general public." That man was up to something.
Natasha straightened herself up as she glared. "Seriously?" she asked, angrily. "Child."
Slowly as not to break it, she detached the screen, which she would still use. Gently, she pulled out CPU, which she needed for the scanner. If she ruined that, there would be no way she could fix it in this time. After that, she took out the chipset and separated the rest of the pieces. She laid them out on the table.
"Why? He's her father," Rogers stated. "He should be remembered."
To answer some questions: This is will be a TonixSteve story eventually. Key Word: Eventually. It's just going to take some time for that to happen as Toni isn't going to fall for Steve easy. In the mean time, there is going to be some TonixBucky. At first, I wasn't planning on adding Bucky into the mix, but I find myself liking the triangle.
Steve inches forward with hope growing on his face. "Tony," he begs. "Please."
Toni bolted up, violently kicking the sheets off her, as she tried to control her rapidly beating heart. She felt like she was on fire as sweat pour down her red, moist face. Finding herself struggling to breathe or to catch her breath, it felt like someone was sitting on her chest, felt like there was an hundred pound weight on her. It was almost impossible to breathe. She ignored JARVIS inquiring about her mental state as she scooted over to the edge of the bed, trying to find her breath. Unable to do anything else, she hunched over and forced herself to take a few breaths, though she could only manage a few short breaths.
After pushing her sore self up, she pushed the covers off and lifted up her shirt to expose her belly. "Good," she uttered, seeing her flat stomach. With an aching dry throat, she spoke. "It felt so real." After she was sure that she wasn't pregnant, she lowered her shirt. Though she hadn't put much thought into it, she didn't want children; they scared the shit out of her. They were the scariest things on the planet, even above Loki. Heck, she had no idea of how to take care of the little beasts, and she would probably kill one if she had to care for a child.
"I am not authorized to release her location. She has forbidden me," he replied.
Toni knew that, and she had no doubt that they would be asking her questions that she didn't want to answer. They would probably ask about her father, and she couldn't stand to talk about him or anything else. After they learned that she let countless people die, they would either think she was a heartless murderer, who let her father die-which she was-, or they would pity her, and she didn't want that. It was the last thing she wanted.
"We do have things to talk about. Now, will you talk or are you going to sit there in silence?"
The only thing that Toni wanted was for the lawyer to leave. She wasn't sure what was running through her mind as everything was going a million miles an hour, but she refused to break down in front of this man. She refused to break down in front of anyone. "No, Sir." she replied, forcing herself to turn to him. She put on the fakest grin that she could possibly put on. "My father just likes to fuck with me. No doubt this is another one of those times."
. Once more, Toni paid no attention to it, because JARVIS would alert her if it was more than just a shadow. "Damn it," she muttered to herself. Shaking her head, she took a step way, but as she turned away, lighting struck, lighting up the entire scenery.
*O*O*
Leaving her blouse on, she unbuttoned it fully, exposing her chest. Though she didn't usually care to how much skin she showed, she felt exposed, and she just wanted to get this over with. "Do you mind?"
There was no real reason for Toni to ask as she already knew Sassy's feelings for Steve, and she knew Steve was love sick for Peggy. Their puppy love made her pukey, but it was kind of cute. Steve was adorable when he was in love. "I can play Cupid!" She jumped to her feet.
They were dropped off two mile from the hydra base as any closer, they would have been spotted. Normally, they would have dropped straight on the base, but they had to be sneaky about this one. They needed to get to the computers before they were destroyed. If Hydra were to spot them, they wouldn't get the chance, and they couldn't have that.
"Pull over!" Toni demanded, her voice turning bitter. She was no longer going to pay this game.
He let out a small, painful sigh, hating the sound of his last name on her lips. He wondered if she knew how much he hated it. "Please, Toni. Don't do this to me," he said, his voice soft. "Please." Toni stopped her struggle and stilled. She didn't say a word as he lifted her up and brought her to one of the sofa. He gently put her down, but he didn't move from her side. He didn't let her go. "Toni, what did you see?" he asked softly as he placed a soft kiss to her wet hair.
"No last name?"
Jones and Dugan glanced at each other before they too headed to the door to chase after Steve. "I think we better go after him, Dum Dum," Jones said.
in public wouldn't go unnoticed.
"Think highly of yourself, do you?" Howard asked, watching her as she mindlessly played with Rogers' and Barnes' tags.
"Do you know how Barnes died?" she asked, changing the subject.
"You had information that they didn't. You knew my layouts better than most," he said.
Toni rolled over her eyes as she sauntered over to the fancy car. Like she was eyeing a piece of meat, she ogled the car, resisting the urge to lick her lips. What? She loved a good car. "O ye, of little faith," she says, leaning into the window. "I'm not going to follow you, granted I might steal this car."
Toni eyed him as she set down the wrench she was holding. There was a slight red mark in her hand, left from her tight grip, and it stung when she flexed her hand. "Friends?" she asked, as she stared at it. How could anyone think she was a friend, when she allowed her 'friends' suffer?
"I get it. I just don't like it," he replied through his teeth as his hands tightened on the steering wheel. He hated the idea of leaving Toni, even if Natasha had a point. He just had to trust that Toni would be okay.
"I-" Phillips started
"Are you okay, Agent Carter?" the Colonel asked as he glanced back at Peggy. Toni did feel bad for Peggy's state, because she looked like shit. Her hair was out of place and her clothes were disheveled.
"I must agree," FRIDAY replies, reminding the team to the AI's presence. "I can attend to Mr. Stark's needs."
Who the hell was this master? And did Loki have any part in it? There was no doubt in her genius mind that he was involved. Did it have anything to do with that he deal he made her?
"I wasn't picking a fight. He was causing a disturbance," Steve answered, glancing at Barnes.
Something snapped in her. "The man you knew was a fake!" She yanked open the glasses doors, ignoring the hunger pains, and walked Rogers into the wall. "The man I knew was an ass, who didn't give a crap about me!" She wanted to slap him. "He didn't speak to me unless he had to. He was just too busy to care. Too busy to tell me he loved me or even that he liked me."
Toni's heart raced as she wondered how much these people knew. How did they know about that? There was only one person who knew she knew and that was Salty. How did these people know that? Was her Stalker really that good? Or was it Loki? She highly doubted Phillips told them. "Get off," she yelled, still trying to fight Schmidt.
Startled at Steve's question, he didn't answer right away. "I'm not thinking of leaving. Toni is one of the few people, who I can be myself around, and I wouldn't give up that friendship."
Sam sported a confused look. "Who are you looking for?"
"Miss Potts is requesting entry."
The Senator got to his foot, still tremoring. "It would have drawn too much attention if I did. There are already whispering along the halls. They don't know it's Hydra, but they suspect someone is in my pocket."
"I will hold you to that."
Dropping the broken tool on the ground, she pulled a smaller instrument; however, she broke that one too. "Seriously?" she muttered. She couldn't believe she was having this much trouble picking the damn lock. She took out a half-diamond pick and tried again. "Shit," she cursed as she was hearing footsteps. She look down at the feed and swore. Someone was coming her away. She needed to pick this now.
Toni looked up startled for a second before glaring at Salty. "Why?"
he yelled at himself. He just needed to talk to Pierce and find Toni.
Rhodes placed a firm hand on her shoulder, drawing her attention. "Tones, let's talk for a second," he said, leading her in the same direction of Pepper.
