. If he does shuck it, if he does fight it away and win, it wants to make sure he’ll die soon after, self-hating, alone and crippled by the miserable knowledge of what he’s done.
“Yes?”
“Something either of you want to tell me about?”
He answers after two rings.
She downloads the game and starts to exit back to the menu. Something catches Cas’s eye as she does, in the PS3 section.
Instead, Dean just listens to Cas talk. He starts out the walk pointing out the flora and fauna, but there’s not a huge amount of variety, so soon he’s meandering over into interesting, and increasingly weird and obscure, facts.
She half expects him to deny, to claim that he can. He doesn’t, though. He meets her gaze firmly, determined.
“Don’t go down that road, Dean. The last thing he’d want is for you to die rescuing him – you’d ask him to live with that?”
“I know you, Dean Winchester, Michael sword, coward. This isn’t about protecting Castiel. This is about you – you’re afraid.”
“Oh, Dean. Cas hasn’t been here for a
“No. But maybe he has like PTSD, or something.”
“So what are our options?” Sam asks, because there are always options. Always.
“She’ll be over in ten.”
“Deal, but only if we play a proper game, like poker.”
Cas sighs, taps Dean on the cheek to make him look up, make eye contact.
“That settles it.” Dean decides. “We’re going to a barbeque, we’re gonna fucking mingle with tourists, we’re gonna be normal. It’s gonna be great!”
Cas raises an eyebrow. “If you insist.”
Dean punches the ground after her, swears.
“What happened to going back to the bunker?” He asks instead.
Benny realises what he’s about to do, lunges forwards.
The vile degenerates don’t go back to bed. They drag themselves away from the table and slowly lower themselves onto the sofa, where they tangle up together under a blanket. They watch Star Trek, and doze, and moan, and resentfully drink a bit of water and crunch up a few antacids. Sam leaves the breakfast tray – orange juice and pastries – on the floor within arm’s reach, because he is a literal saint, and wanders back to Ash and Sarah’s door to see if either of them (but mainly Ash) wants to do anything.
Dean drops his head to Cas’s shoulder. “You nearly gave me a fucking heart attack, you ass.” He says, but with no real heat.
“Love you, C”
Charlie cracks up. “Doesn’t stop a lot of animators trying.”
“Gross?” He can’t see anything particularly disgusting.
Cas looks at him blankly, slowly looks around the room, as if expecting Sam to press a button and reveal a hidden pool or something. When that doesn’t seem to be forthcoming he simply asks, “Where?”
“Should we try and stop him?”
“Explosions, mainly.”
“First of all, fuck you, and second of all, I’ve seen the way you look at Thor.”
“Jesus, you’re good.”
He can feel blood drying under his fingernails, sticky and warm. Dean’s, it’s Dean’s blood and no matter how much he concentrates he can’t clean it away. He has no control over his body, over himself.
Lucifer looks at his hands, tries to look as hesitant as possible, as though he’s almost scared.
“Let’s play a game, Castiel.” Lucifer says.
“Dean? Is that you?”
“Oh my god.”
“I don’t give a shit if you’re angry at me as long as you’re safe. A therapist might help. We don’t
“You’re saying the Mark is making me weak.” Dean says, coolly.
Cas mumbles some vaguely assenting noise, but he still doesn’t open his eyes or make any effort at all to move.
Hannah knocks his hand out of the way, lays an impersonal finger on his head and heals away all of his injuries. Dean grimaces – growing back an eye is not a pleasant experience, painful and itchy and uncomfortable, but hey, it's better than losing his depth perception forever, so he figures he shouldn’t complain.
“Cathartic.”
Charlie takes the hint, doesn’t try and press him. There’s something in his expression that she doesn’t like, but if he’s anything like Dean – and guessing as that’s where he learned all his emotional cues and half assed coping mechanisms he will be – pushing him now will just make him defensive and cruel in an effort to drive her away before she can get too deep.
Sam breaks the kiss, snorts at Dean.
“So what do we do?”
“I’m fine. Come on, grab your crap and let’s get back to the motel.”
“Great. I’ll get the weapons.”
Sam wakes up from his definitely-not-a-nap to Dean hammering on the door.
“You said it was all the magic of the crossroads. You could write it in piss on the floor and it’d still work as long as we signed it, right?”
“Don’t hurt him!” Claire yells, frantic, forgetting that telling a demon not to do something is tantamount to an invitation.
“How you holding up, Dean?”
“Yeah, okay Mr Warrior of God, respect your weapon blah blah. I know you were zapped into existence with a knife in one hand, a stick up your ass and no appreciation for fun—”
“Don’t sound so affronted. I
“I’m here to make you the deal of a lifetime,
“Just because you’re recovering doesn’t mean you can escape all the chores. There’ll be some bags you can carry.” She winks.
He sees green.
So yeah, he’s about to apologise, when Sam speaks again. “I’m gonna have to put my foot down here, if this is what happens when you drink, you can’t drink.”
“So, where next?” Sam asks.
“Uh, sure. Yeah. I’ll go get it.”
“It?”
Violence is always the answer, isn’t it, Dean? When everything is spiralling out of control and all you have left is your fists and your teeth.
Two vague grunts of assent come from the car, but not because either of them agree. They’re barely listening and just want to hurry him along.
The dead, trenchcoated bastard smiling fondly at him.
“Uh-huh. They have a CDC consultant to phone, aka me, and a warning that if anyone starts a panic, he’ll do it for shits and giggles, and then we’ll find out whose fault it was and hand them over to our pet scientists to animal test possible cures on.”
Hannah has blades locked with another angel when she vanishes, causing him to tumble ungracefully to the ground. Charlie laughs, but Dean doesn’t seem to have noticed. He’s going mano a mano with another and he’s doing a terrible job of it. He’s leaving himself almost undefended, trusting to his lashing quick shots to keep the angel at bay. And, seeing as angels are faster and stronger than he is, it ain’t working too great for him. There’s nothing deep, but Charlie can see some score marks through his shirt and that’s definitely fresh blood on the angel’s blade.
Dean stumbles into the kitchen, grabs a beer out of the fridge. He flicks it open and drains it in one go. He can already feel it working, placebo effect or whatever, drowning the fear and the worry and rounding out his edges. He puts the bottle in the garbage, burps, and gets himself another. He sips at this, brings it back to the living room and glares at Sam like he’s daring him to challenge it. Nothing is said.
Lucifer smirks, as he drags his foot through a line in the sigil.
It’s also mementoes of the dead, things that remind him of his dad, of Bobby and Benny and Ellen and Jo.
“I used to get that restless stuff really bad when I stayed up coding for days straight. Not fun. I used to kill it with coffee and red bull, but well. If you have a heart attack ‘cause I overloaded you on caffeine, Dean’s got a hell of a lot of forest for my unmarked grave.”
He doubles over, drawing in great agonising breaths that make his back ache with fresh agony as it pulls at his wounds.
“Because no angel would risk killing another with holy oil. It’s too volatile, too easy to get the smallest splash on yourself, and go up with the blaze.”
“He doesn’ love me, Charlie. S’gone. S’allgone. An’ imma dothis f’rim an’then I’m gone.” He takes a deep, rattling breath, and Charlie’s worried for his lungs, but Hannah said he wasn’t actually that badly hurt, kinda. “He’s so small Charliee, and I c-c-c-c-c-could see the marks fr’the needle. S’my fault. S’my fault.”
Sam sighs, runs his hand through his hair a little too hard, yanks out a few tangled strands by accident.
“No. I’m being shit, and pathetic and dumb and you deserve so much better than someone who’s too fucking afraid to hold your hand in front of a bunch of hunters.”
“Squatters rights, I’ve driven it more than you.”
He starts making himself a coffee, for something to do with his hands mostly, but of course that summons the bunker’s other resident insomniac.
“Yeah, you should have!”
“I’ll be fine, I wanted to make sure you were, too.” Lucifer turns away, ending the conversation there. He walks off to the car without looking back, doesn’t need to see Dean’s reaction. He can practically feel the embarrassed heat radiating off his face.
“I’m not sure of much about that forest, Dean, but I’m certain the reason that something big and bad and hideous always finds you, is because that thing on your back creates them exactly for that purpose.”
“I just want to make sure that bowl is secure. You’re welcome to stay and watch.”
“And did you get them right?” He asks brusquely, no time for politeness or pussyfooting around it.
“I’ve been thinking about what you said, and you were right, Dean. Okay. Doesn’t matter what the evidence suggests, this is Cas. We know him.”
“Hannah. We’re in the middle of nowhere, there shouldn’t be any angels here at all. The fact that there are means these guys ain’t gonna to be your friends – we’re not leaving you here to die.” Dean snaps.
“And?” Dean asks.
Dean gives chase. He can outrun almost any monster, but this one is wearing his body, has the exact same speed and stamina he does. He pursues it for a little bit, step matched to step, and then, reluctantly, he throws the sword.
“Why do you wanna die so bad, brother?”
“I wasn’t—” Sam shuts him off with a look. “Yeah, okay, I fucked up, what’s new?”
I could just have held him down and given him the heroin, obviously, but that wasn’t the point. I wanted him to beg me for his own downfall. I wanted to take the pride that led him to defy the will of heaven and destroy it. I didn’t want the drugs to break him,
“This is different.”
Dorothy knows, of course she does.
Whatever
“Nah. I can put out an APB for it though, if it’s important?”
“I’m surprised Dean hasn’t paid you a visit yet. He’s not a very happy boy.”
Cas reaches over to where he thinks Dean’s arm is and pinches, inevitably misses, but it doesn’t matter, he gets his point across.
“Okay, yeah, but what about regular demons?”
Cas tells the demon what he wants. The demon gulps.
He expects Cas to protest that he’s fine, or maybe to laugh. He doesn’t expect the soft, fond look in Cas’s eyes – so unlike the weary and often subtly jaded expression that’s been the norm recently.
“It’s good for your core muscles. Now are you actually here to help or are you just going to stand there questioning my choices?”
“Yes, okay. It’s just weird, for him to be gone this long, okay.”
Cas hums in agreement.
“I promise, it was. A little torture is the best kind of foreplay. I wanted him weakened, pliable. Ready to return to me. I just gave him a few little nightmares to soften him up.”
“What the fuck is wrong with you?!” She snaps at the waitress.
It’s the cold that wakes Dean up. He opens one eye, and then the other, registers the distinct lack of human presence at his side and groans. Stupid Cas getting up in the night and taking his stupid body heat with him. He looks at the clock. Okay, stupid Cas getting up at 8am, but still. That might as well be night compared to his usual hour of rising.
Cas opens him up quick and dirty – one hand exploring his ass, scissoring and stretching it open while the other stays twisted in his hair, holding his head back as he licks and sucks and bites.
Instead he stuffs it in his hoodie pocket, grabs his cane and limps out of his room, makes it halfway up the corridor before he has to rest – he tried to go too fast once again and now he’s paying.
“Good morrow, sir Dean. Didst thou sleep well?” He puts on a stupidly formal voice and bows.
“Thanks babe.” Dean winks, is rewarded with a hint of a smile from Cas.
Cas kicks Sam in the shin, and Sam begrudgingly lets Dean have his delusional moment.
Someone needs to know what Cas’s plan is, even if he doesn’t intend on sharing it. Despite what he might want or think, this is not the sort of secret that anyone should be allowed to carry by themselves, and especially not to their grave.
“Dean.” Cas commands, and it is a command, a deep authoritative rumble that can’t be ignored.
Cas hears Dean clattering after him, sighs. He debates just carrying on, but it’s not like he could escape Dean anyway. He couldn’t outpace Dean’s ridiculous gazelle legs before all of this – he certainly can’t now.
“Not in the way you fear, no.”
Lucifer snarls at Cas, who recoils from the force of the shout.
“Wait, how many of you are there?”
She shrugs. “Look, joking aside, if Cas’s recovery is every bit as difficult for them both as you’re painting it, and they
“And yet, somehow, despite the fact that he seemed to be suffering so much, he still had the wits about him to try and escape. He came so close as well, if only you and Sam had been following the trail
“His injuries aren’t fatal. Unfortunately.”
Cas snorts, adds four zeroes to the end of the username.
“Don’t, don’t say that.”
“Dean?” Cas asks desperately. He can feel the physical presence of Dean in his head, a nagging, tingling buzz at the edge of his skull. That’s all he’s got, though. There’s nothing personal about it. Nothing Dean.
“Hey, Cas. Look, I promise man, when you’re better, back y’know, to yourself – I’m gonna take you somewhere real nice. One of them fancy little boutiques where they follow people like me around to make sure I ain’t stealing shit. Get you something properly special. Something yours.”
He swallows down the jealously clawing at his cheeks, trying to gouge its way out.
“Not really. Any reason you’re icing him out?”
“That’s the gate to Crowley’s inner sanctum?” Cas asks, somewhat disbelievingly.
Cas shrugs off his grip with a disbelieving huff but Dean doesn’t let him go easily, reaching out and grabbing both of Cas’s shoulders. And Cas is still an angel, could still escape him with ease, but he doesn’t. He allows Dean this. He allows Dean too much, and Dean always finds a way to mar it. It’s a little of the reason he’s never even tried to tell Cas how he feels. There’s a nine tenths chance Cas doesn’t return the feeling, but if he does. Hell, that might even be worse. Dean would find a way to break that, like everything else.
She doesn’t even hate Dean because he’s a rival for Cas’s affection. She hates him because she thinks he’s taken so much from Cas’s goddamn life and doesn’t give anywhere near enough back.
“I’m sure we have more onions.”
“It’s not a good idea for you to talk to Claire.”
Fuck.
“You know all the games ever made?” Dean snorts.
“Uh-huh. And to top it off, I’ve put out a BOLO—”
“How about a compromise? You teach me how to make something. That way we’re both involved.”
“You were supposed to kill him, not arm him.”
“STOP INTERRUPTING.”
He’s sharing a bed with Dean, even if they don’t really touch, he can feel the old and easy intimacy gathering around, not all the way there yet, but making its tentative way nearer.
It takes him a further day to test the bought weapons to his satisfaction, tailor and alter their nets to suit him.
“It’s not a lair.” Dean mutters petulantly. “It’s a bat cave.”
"You two go, I think I need a bit more, y'know."
“No!” Dean splutters, with the most unconvincing and sheepish look on his face that Cas has ever seen.
“Yes.”
“You realise in a cheap romance, you’d probably lose me to someone else. The person the hero starts off with is never who they end up with.”
“But you don’t get to get mad at us for talking behind your back, ‘cause I’m gonna lay it all out for you now, what we said.”  A slight mistruth, perhaps. Dean’s leaving his own more specific fears by the wayside. “Just, we were worried about you,”
He pretends to draw himself up, puts back on the blank, implacable angelic mask that he knows will throw Dean into a tizzy.
Fuck, maybe he does need to stay away for a bit longer after all. He still hasn’t gone to pick up any of the gear Cas needs for his physio. Maybe he should do that now, decide on all the rest of this later.
“But I realised it wouldn’t work, so there was no point in trying.”
“You killed something?”
The noise doesn’t wake Cas. He’d been awake for hours, alternately staring at the ceiling and the inside of his eyeballs. It does get his attention, though. Muffled yelling followed by silence, and then the sound of someone being half carried, half dragged down the hall.
“He will. He’s upset, and he needs time.”
“We have to venture into the darkest bowels of hell.” Rowena puts on her most campishly halloweeny voice. “Luckily being the King’s mother has its perks so it won’t be too hard to get down there. I’m taking the angel with me, we’ll be back soonish. Don’t let my idiot son get the better of you and escape – fate of the world and all that nonsense.” She waves her hands theatrically.
But Dean is Dean, of course that isn’t going to be enough to make him give up.
Cas nods, stretches, and follows Sam out of the room. They work in companionable silence for the most part. Everything is sorted into two big piles, junk and salvageable, and then once that’s done it’s sorted down further, into groups of similar importance or function.
“You don’t have to say it.”
“I would if you’d all be quiet for more than three consecutive seconds.”
Cas rolls his eyes, but does what Dean asks.
“Oh, well. Yeah. Good.” He’s momentarily thrown, thought he’d have to fight for his way.
“You can’t taste it, can you?”
Sometimes you can see right through a lie designed to hurt you, and yet it still does the job.
He’s never seen them before, not from this perspective. From heaven fireworks look almost tedious. From earth they are beautiful.
“Yeah well, I thought you’d got it before. Wasn’t I goddamn wrong.”
“That what he tell ya, is it? Last night, while you were sticking your tongue down his throat?”
“Glad to be back.”
“Whatever that thing is, it’s insulating you from the more everyday effects of the Mark of Cain. Which, as you can tell, the Mark isn’t happy about.”
He laughs, a hysterical burst, and then again and again until it makes him dizzy and he has to sit down. He has his wings back. Now if only he could fly.
He sees Dean’s arms twitch, like he wants to move, or reach out, takes the cue. He pulls Dean into a hug, feels the idiot relax against him. The both of them are so touch starved, so desperate for each other’s affection. It’d be a passible form of torture, keeping them so close but never allowing them to reach out, if they weren’t so bloody used to it.
“I saw lightning and then the wall of our room.”
“Don’t you dare accuse me of not taking this hunt seriously.”
Dean stands up and wipes his hands on his jeans, leaving muddy streaks on the denim. He hates having dirty hands, doesn’t even like it much when they’re wet, never mind coated in half the muck in the goddamn garden. Really he’s in the wrong line of work to be fastidious about that kind of thing – hunting is pretty much wall to wall blood and bodily oozes – and for the most part he just takes it, but the older he gets, the less he likes it.
Dean drops the knife and rushes over immediately, but there’s little he can do except fretfully hover until the fit is over. He gets Cas a glass of water, which Cas snatches resentfully.
"I cannot grant you access to Metatron."
There are no other cars for miles as he pulls up to the intersection so he slows, lets the engine idle for a moment before swearing again under his breath.
So Dean stuffs it down and half suffers, half basks in it. He’s being so careful, so many casual touches that he railroads at the last minute. He can practically hear Charlie laughing at him, fuck, he’d be laughing at himself if he was on the outside of this.
Sam gives him a look. It has been a very long and very emotional day. I’m worried for my friend, and I am very tired, but, if I have to, I
“Shuddup. What’s it to be, Cas?”
He looks so ferocious standing there, pale and thin and drawn but not swaying or showing the slightest sign of fatigue, that she almost laughs. He might be human now, but something angelic clings to him, even in this feeble state. He has his conviction, and she isn’t going to argue.
He looks hopefully over at Sam. He’s just pleasantly buzzed enough to want to carry on drinking. Maybe he’ll encourage Cas to slow down a bit, though. Don’t want him throwing up on his shoes or anything.
Dean finally drags himself away, head full of calculations and projects and ideas. They still have no idea what the bunker is actually powered by. Soon as they get back he’s going to investigate, dig it up bit by bit if he has to. Maybe he’ll install some back up solar generators, just in case. It never hurts to be prepared.
And even though the water is stinging gently at wounds he didn’t even know he had, he feels relaxed for the first time since he was taken. He lies there for a moment, eyes closed, revelling in the way the buzzing itching need has simmered down to a gentle niggle in the back of his head, how his limbs don’t feel heavy, how his bones don’t ache.
Maybe Dean won’t get his chance to kill Cas through a monster puppet. Maybe he’s already fucking dead. It’s not likely Crowley would have left his spell undefended. Maybe Rowena’s in on it too, and this was all one big fucking trap to lure Cas in and kill him, get him out of the way and—
Not technically their first kiss, but the one that counts, because it’s the one that they want to. Their lives are pretty shitty, one tragedy after another, so if they want to say their first kiss wasn’t a fumbled bookend to just another day of slaughter, if they decide it’s going to be half-way up a mountain, with the sun rising, birds singing and all that other, clichéd, boring, amazing, romantic shit, that’s when it’s going to be.
“It’s a simple spell. All we’d have to do is bind Cas to someone else and he’d share their strength to recover.”
“Hannah.”
“So re-arm, and wait.”
“Who you texting?”
Not regular-people kicks either. Fucking angelic strength, please stop I would like to one day be able to walk upon these legs, kicks. It gets so bad that he texts Cas.
Sam tries to close the door, but it’s warped, splintered and broken. It doesn’t settle right in the frame anymore. It swings back open, again and again, no matter how much force he applies to it. Eventually he gives up, gets a sheet of tarpaulin and tapes it in place.
His itchy paranoia nags at him to test it properly, try and set it off. But if he does that he’s going to need a new pipe and oil and to redo the whole circuit, which he then wouldn’t be able to test without using. He’ll know for certain it works when the moment arrives. Although if Charlie heard him say that she’d give him a clip around the ear and tell him to trust the goddamn machines.
When Sam tells him things are gonna be okay, Dean has a hard time believing him. The amount of times he’s heard that come outta Sam’s mouth – and it hasn’t always been a lie, but it has enough times.
“What happened?”
“Yeah, sure.”
No one can watch Nigel Farage
“We can wait until dark if that makes you feel better.” Cas rasps from where he’s half asleep against the wall. The early spring sun is very pleasant on his face and he’s found a position where nothing much is digging into his injuries.
“Well we’re going to have to kill you, of course.”
Then Cas lets go with one hand, the show-off, and works his fingers down into the back of Dean’s waistband. He scrapes his nails on Dean’s ass, scratches his way slowly to his hole and then teases, fingers circling gently but never making a move to go in.
“Perhaps not actively, But I doubt she’d be keen to help allies of either Castiel or Hannah. Unless she had a motive.”
“Sam is in the room with a kick, something to wake you up if he even thinks things are going badly. You fucking twitch, and this stops.”
“He’s not just my fucking squeeze, Sam.” He spits out. “He’s my closest friend, yours too. We owe him the benefit of the doubt.”
Dean blinks blearily at the wall for a moment. He hasn’t. It never even fucking occurred to him. He’s a fucking moron. No wonder they haven’t found Cas yet. Jesus, the guy is fucked if it’s Dean he’s relying on for a rescue.
Cas smiles. Trust Dean to bring it back to pie.
Much more efficient than keeping a perpetually burning ring of holy oil, and with a built in warning system, too.
“This time?” He echoes, meeting Cas’s eye for the first time since he woke up. There’s something very old and very deep in those eyes, an emotion that he can’t even give a name to. It doesn’t make Dean any less edgy.
“I’m not seeing a problem here. My magic tattoo is gone, Cas is back. Win fucking win.”
“I swear to god, if this is a prank I am going to kill Sam.” Dean snarls as he fights his way out of the shower, still dripping wet but wearing jeans at least.
He hasn’t been able to touch Dean since they got here, and Dean has gone out of his way to avoid talking to him. Cas trusts him, he does, but he fucking misses him. It’s been less than a day and he misses Dean already. Cas just wants to touch him, or failing that, actually being able to talk to him would be nice.
Cas lies down on the bed, lets Dean roll into him, cling to him.
And he’s fucking crying, and he’s shaking, and he’s fucking afraid that even after all of this Dean is going to turn around and leave anyway.
“Wanna be less vague?”
Dean falls asleep, and Cas stays awake, strokes his fingers through Dean’s hair and just breathes.
“Thanks, Sam.” He mumbles into his shoulder.
“So what are we going to do about it?” Crowley asks, from where he’s still held, pinned to the wall.
“Yes.”
Thick, slippery bile hangs from his lips and dribbles down his front – onto his shirt. The fabric of which, he now realises, feels different somehow. He risks cracking open one eye for a quick glance. He’s surprised, in as far as he has the strength to feel other emotions any more. He’s long past the stage where this kind of thing embarrassed him, but the t-shirt is new. He’s been kept in the same, stained, crumpled dress shirt since he got here – trench coat and sensible shoes too. His old uniform.
“I’d, um, rather not talk about specifics. Just a friend going through some shit and I’m helping, but it’s taking a toll, y’know.”
Dean might be about to fall off this plane of existence, but Cas is utterly present and seeing only in shades of red. He lunges forward, aiming to break every other part of Buck’s body. Sam grabs hold of him, pulls him back and pins him tight. It wouldn’t take much to make him let go, just the right word, but Cas is past words, too caught up in his own fury to realise that Sam’s hands are shaking too, with the exact same barely contained anger.
Charlie laughs. “Okay, point taken. So, you stopped yours by throwing one of them in a hell-cage, right? What do you suggest we do here?”
Dean chucks his over. Lelahel concentrates hard for a few minutes and then looks up, says, to absolutely no-one’s surprise.
And then Dean lunges forward, trap blanket in hand. He wraps it around the child angel, neutering her power, and then knocks her to the floor and stuffs her under the jeep, out of the way.
He takes out a key, removes the cuff from the bedframe.
Dean grimaces, regretting his words. He doesn’t try and salve with a joke like he usually might, just twines his fingers in with Cas’s instead.
“Fine. You got me, but this is all you’re gonna get. I won’t bring Cas back just to make him watch me get ripped to pieces in a year or ten. I’ve been on the other side of that now, I’m not going to make him experience it too.”
“Right, sorry. Black Cat bar, Lawrence. You need the address?”
Charlie laughs. “C’mon, lets go for a walk. And hey, if it all gets too taxing for you, Cas – we can get Dean to bridal carry you back.”
“Tell me something I don’t know.”
“You’re bleeding, dude. Tell me you noticed you’re bleeding.”
There’s only one place left to check now, the trunk .
“Well according to an article I read on the dangers of— don’t fucking laugh. According to this article if you smoke alcohol it goes directly to your head and makes you like twice as drunk.”
He can’t, he won’t.
“Shuddup. I can learn. Charlie says you can teach yourself anything on the internet, and it’s not like I’m lacking in trees to practice on.”
Sam rolls with it.
“I promi—”
“Can we still see it?”
Dean helps Cas out of the car, leads him carefully forward. Cas tried to pinpoint what he’s stepping on, some kind of dirt track it feels like, and then grass. Are they in a forest?
“Fuck off, Sam.”
“Hey, what?” Dean interrupts. “Of course I trust you, man. What’s going on?”
There’s an iron collar around his neck, carved with unnecessary Enochian and his eyes are closed. Dean lifts one open gently, sees it’s rolled into the back of his head.
“Yeah, um. Don’t worry about it. That was us.” Sam answers hesitantly.
And then he sits on the edge of the bath, winded, for longer than he’s like to admit. He starts with the easier injuries – peels off the tape covering the scrape on his ribs and decides it looks healed enough to go it alone. Others he judges still need a little time, and he carefully cleans them with antibacterial wash, hissing in pain, before he applies fresh wound wrap.
He drops to his knees, is surprised when Cas catches his arm and pulls him back up.
And then Dean starts to frown, soft at first, and then deeper. He sits down on the bed, blinks rapidly. There’s something going on in his head, something, something fucking weird.
There’s nothing within eyesight, and Hannah can’t move too far from the jeep now, caught in the Horn’s thrall. She climbs back into the car, beckons Dean and Charlie impatiently. They hop in too, Dean woozily leaning on Charlie for support, and Hannah drives the short distance to where the body should be.
A grunting snore from the back seat startles them both.
“Rowena.” Cas warns. He’s frowning, but Dean doesn’t think it’s from a lack of understanding.
“You’re right, he didn’t freak out before. So what’s changed?”
“You’re not real.”
“Then nothing we can do will help, we’ll just have to keep looking.”
“Maybe?”
Cas screams when Dean lowers himself down on Lucifer’s cock. An animal noise of despair and hatred, low and loud and oh so broken.
“Yes, you did. A plan you won’t share with anyone. Why might that be?”
“Angels. There are angels here. He sent them.”
“Hey dude, everyone has their issues. Besides, doesn’t have to be trauma. Last time I tried to watch a hacker film with her she called the TV a fucking moron and stormed off.”
“Nothing, just, um—”
He carries on winding his way around, ends up in the World Aquarium. It’s a good thing he didn’t end up here first, or he’d have never got anywhere else. He trails around excitedly, reading about the rehabilitated sharks and rays, sea turtles, otters, alligators, and, fittingly for an aquarium, sloths and parrots.
“Hannah says you check out.” Dean says, reluctantly.
The drive is silent, tense on Dean’s part. He’s gripping the steering wheel of his new car – Lucifer would ask after the black monstrosity, if he gave a singular shit – so tight he’s in danger of leaving indents in it. Castiel would probably fumble some awkward attempt to calm Dean down, diffuse the situation. Lucifer wants Dean as tense as possible, fiddles with the radio using his grace and makes sure every song Dean hears is something that he hates, until he snaps it off with a tense glare.
“Hrm.” Not suspicious at all, but Dean can’t be bothered to argue, limits himself to a sceptical noise.
He blinks back to reality.
“And if he doesn’t want to heal?”
“Do I still get to sleep in your bed?”
“Don’t you fucking shrug at me, you bastard.” Why does he sound so angry. Shouldn’t he be happy?
Lucifer internally lets loose an anguished wail so loud it makes Cas’s consciousness throb. He keeps on going until Cas eventually interrupts.
Sam nods, waits for her to lift the spell. He doesn’t attack, or try and fight. He thinks that he understands, and he wants to see what is so interesting that she’d show a sliver of her real self, sweep away his underestimation, in order to keep him from disturbing it.
Huh, so maybe he can’t.
“There’s nothing wrong with not being ready, Dean.”
Or whether he’s lying entirely.
Sam knows there’s something wrong the moment he steps through the bathroom door. The whole atmosphere of the place has shifted, from vaguely suspicious content, to a thick, heavy tension.
Maybe he should be worried that Cas is sweating – do people sweat in the cold, it doesn’t sound likely but it’s Cas so who the fuck knows really.
“No, that’s fine.”
Cas doesn’t need someone honest right now, someone who doubted him. He needs someone that he can trust and rely on – or at least someone he thinks he can.
He still doesn’t quite understand what’s going on, eyes flicking from his mother to Cas.
“So, breakfast?”
“I’m a perfectly safe driver!” Dean blusters, although Charlie notices he doesn’t deny the Cas thing outright.
Sam snorts, shifts something awkwardly behind his back. Dean knows that movement. It’s his subconscious
Eventually he manages something. It’s not profound, but it’ll do.
He walks Ash back to her room, even though she laughs at him and tells him to fuck off, and checks all the public areas of the hotel that he can remember.
“Smooth as ever.” Cas manages to say, is rewarded with an affronted look from Dean.
“Don’t thank me yet. How will I even know when to pull you out?”
Dean pulls a mock-cornered look. “Yeah. A digger. I’d thought of that. Sure.”
He yells out in pain, spits up blood.
“Wh-what are you doing here?”
“I do trust you.” Dean says, and Lucifer pretends that isn’t enough, tries to shrug away again.
“I wasn’t sure.” Cas whispers back, almost guiltily.
In the bunker he might have found this protectiveness cloying. Out here he welcomes it. The shop is quiet and empty – early morning on a weekday – but he still feels nerves roiling in his stomach. Anyone could be here, approach him. Do anything. He’d be too weak to stop it, too weak to escape.
“Traitor.” Dean waves a leek menacingly in their direction, and then turns back to the job.
“Research for what?” Cas asks.
And if Sam was here he’d give Dean this little sideways look, a warning. Because Cas has betrayed them in the past, exactly like this. And Dean knows that, but he also knows that Cas has learned his lesson – that the song about the old lady and the fly and the spider and the bird and all the other fucking animals Dean can’t even remember isn’t just a cute little song, but a fucking cautionary tale too. You don’t destroy something bad, by swallowing down something worse.
“Oh, I’d forgotten.”
Cas is coming down off fucking junk miles away in Kansas, the least Dean can do is stop fucking drinking for long enough to sort him out.
“Why not?”
“Well he has, so I don’t know how you expect me to keep him functional. I can’t even get him to look at me.”
”A secret promise?”
Sometimes the grounding sensation goes away. Never for that long, but sometimes it does. It makes him nervous, reluctant to stop concentrating on keeping his grip on his body, to start sewing his mind back in, layer by layer.
“You need to get better.” Sam points out, and he has this look in his eye that Cas doesn’t trust, that puts his hackles up. He’s sure Sam knows the cost of this spell, why they can’t do it. So why is he pushing it. What does he stand to gain from this argument?
“I was thinking of something a little closer to home, actually.” Cas says, just to make Dean flush with affectionate embarrassment. He craves compliments and validation but has no idea what to with them, and Cas loves him, oh he does.
“Yeah, and you count yourself amongst the latter, do you?” Dean asks, an incongruous bitterness colouring his tone.
“Shit, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean it, I. FUCK!”
“At least we know Sarah’s probably suffering just as much.”
Dean snorts, and Cas, clearly aware of the kind of mood he’s in, doesn’t press the issue.
This, this is fucking finality. This is the grossest kind of two finger salute you could give to a man who’s biggest fear isn’t death, but life by himself, with only his own thoughts for company.
“And then, we can watch Daredevil. It’s been up on Netflix for ages, but man, with everything going on I haven’t had a chance. You’ll like it Cas – something you haven’t seen.” Dean’s altogether too cheery voice floats through the window.
“You are sending some very mixed messages. I love Castiel, I want to punch Castiel. Which is it?”
Sam moves over to swap places as Dean gives the pick one final jimmy. He stops quickly once he realises Sam can see him, but he sees enough. No wonder he can’t get it open. His hands are shaking again, rough trembles and tremors.
Dean shrugs.
“Hey, Dean.”
There’s a shout from behind them – Cas – and then the sound of something crashing to the ground. Dean turns, sees Cas on the floor, wild eyed and shaking with panic.
When Cas knocks on his door a few hours later he’s got it all marshalled, but he keeps to himself while they go through the ritual of changing his bandages. He understands this might get dicey, and he’s not cruel enough that he’d force Cas to listen by withholding help until he does.
“Haven’t seen him since last night. Couldn’t sleep so I came out here and then, yeah.” He gestures at the computer.
“Fun as it sounds to go to terrorise some high fashion employees with you three sartorial disgraces—” there’s a chorus of mocking jeers at his use of such a fancy term, “—in tow, I think we’ll be sticking to thrift stores for now.”
“Look, Fergus. You’ve had a long run, longer than most. Accept your fate, move on. Think of it as an adventure - who knows where demons go when they die.”
“That was nearly three hours ago, Dean.”
“You summoned me
Sam snorts, finishes making Prince Castiel’s bed.
The first thing Cas thinks, after the realisation, is that he needs to apologise to Dean. It turns out that he was getting taken to a real place after all, not just some warped and twisted nightmare landscape created by the thing on his back.
“You and Cas can come and pick her up when all this is over.”
“Oh?”
Cas grimaces.
Dean’s so busy looking up that he doesn’t even notice the elaborate mosaic work covering the floor until Cas crouches down to trace his hands over the rough surface, bumps and cracks and fractures.
Cas waves the apology away, coming around to sit in front of Dean, cross legged.
“When my brothers fought, it was a little bit more... apocalyptic.”
And now the look makes sense, and Dean fucking crumbles inside. He’s fucked Cas up so badly, if he’s offering this for the reason Dean thinks he is.
“So,” Sam begins, in the tone that Dean knows means he should be sprinting away as fast as he can. “Cas is awake.”
“Wow. Okay. That is stone cold. You’re making your own breakfast today.”
“Cas?”
Dean’s emotions. He doesn’t think he’s going to survive this, and the thing he feels most about that is guilt at leaving Sam and Cas behind, heartbroken and alone.
“I wish I had.” Dean spits into the phone. “I wish every single fucking day it was me gone and not him.”
“Die of excitement, yes, Dean. We’ve met you.” Charlie teases.
“A month.”
He doesn’t mind that, though. Call it fucking penance. If there’s one thing Dean Winchester understands, it’s making an offering out of your own suffering.
“Don’t get excited, it wasn’t for too long.”
Yeah, likely.
Dean tries to ease him away, but he’s determined, rumbles out a little growl when Dean tries to peel his roving hands away.
Except Dean is so fucking paranoid he’s seeing demons everywhere now.
Dean makes some small, hideous noise, and Sam fucking curses his wording, plows on.
Cas walks over to stand by Dean, takes one of his hands. Dean resists the urge to flinch away, pull his hand out of Cas’s grip. He feels so fucking dirty, unclean. Disgusting. Here he is about to destroy everything. And they might not say it’s Dean’s fault, but yeah. The end of the world is always at his feet somehow. It happens this many times, you stop believing it’s coincidence and start thinking there’s something fundamentally fucked up about you.
“You wanna talk about it?”
They make a token effort to keep together, but the museum, with its staff bedecked with
For now, at least.
“It was nothing, Cas.” He shrugs it off.
Cas can smell the sulphur on them, every time he does. Lucifer doesn’t consider himself much changed by hell, but he’s wrong. You can’t see the true form of his wings without flinching at the taint, the shredded, rotting horror of them.
“Sorry, uh, I felt a little lightheaded for a second.” He expects to get called out on the lie immediately, but instead Cas frowns at him.
His body might be here, his blood and his brain cells and his memories.
He still doesn’t let himself touch, it’s the buildup that makes it. Getting yourself off is an art, and he isn’t going to rush it no matter how fucking badly he wants to. The art of self-denial is one he’s mastered, and he’s using all his skills now to get himself as hot as possible.
“I’ll drag the sofa in. If anything happens I can get Cas out and lock the door.”
“How’s Cas been doing, I mean, aside from today?” Sam asks. If anyone would have an insight into his mental state, it’s Dean. It’s always Dean.
(See the end of the chapter for
I'm sure this is far too late for most of you to care, but part 2 will be with you by June 2020. Hooray. I have almost finished the thing.
“What about if I made a deal?”
“I talked to Cas, okay?”
Cas makes a disgruntled noise, but he does as told, hungry eyes roving over Dean’s body, settling on his ass as he bends down, maybe sticks it out a little more than he would usually.
“What the fuck is the matter with you, Dean?”
And yeah okay, that explains less than nothing, but lets face it, by the time Sam gets the message it’ll be way too late for him to do anything helpful, and there’s no point distressing him in the meantime.
“No.”
Cas doesn’t get to find out what Lucifer thinks he ought to know, because the ‘sister’ in question arrives. She walks swiftly, head bowed under a white hood – monastic robes exchanged in the modern day for a hoodie at least three or four sizes too big for her. It swamps her frame, grants her enough anonymity to get by unrecognised.
"I know what happened to you in there, Dean. Hannah’s lackeys made sure of it, and I know you better than that. You could have escaped, you just didn't want to."
Sam agrees with a shrug and they wander on up to the front desk.
“You can’t stop me.” He tries for bold, challenging. It just comes out fucking desperate.
“Jesus, fuck. Not another one.” Dean complains, which brings a smirk to Cas’s lips. “Although hey, that’s a bright side to the whole self mutilation thing – we could freak out Sam and Charlie – tell them you’ve been given a holy mission.”
Sam is walking past Cas’s room, on his way to get morning coffee and make Cas some breakfast, when he hears his name being called.
“No offence, but talking doesn’t drown out the screaming quite as well as a six pack of beer.”
“We’ve thwarted apocalypses, I’m sure we can defeat a few trees.” Papering over his own thoughtless comment, but hey, Dean’s smiling so it seemed to work.
“Fine, at the asscrack of
He drains the rest of the bottle of whiskey, burps, and dives into the medicine cabinet. There’s an old bottle of knockout pills, still in date. The label says take no more than two, so he swallows four, with another whiskey chaser.
“I’m glad we agree.” Claire snarls, and then there’s a shattering noise, and the line cuts.
Cas works Dean open, with fingers and tongue, until there’s spit and lube dribbling down his chin, coating his face.
“You think the
Dean’s not just bitter because he's usually the one Sam is subconsciously selling out, honest.
“You and Dean have been banging like teenagers for months. How the hell did you not notice that?”
Cas starts to flag about three hours in, and Sam volunteers to take the wheel. By the time they pull into Springfield, IL, Cas is fast asleep and snoring, much to Dean’s amusement. They circle around for a while, trying to find the Midtown Inn Motel. Contrary to its name, it’s on the fucking edge of town, but they get there eventually. Sam parks, gets out of the Impala and stretches. He’s about to go round to Cas’s side and bang on the door, let him know they’re ready and get him up, when Dean intervenes.
Cas is nowhere in the cabin, so Dean groans, dresses himself properly and ventures outside. The hot tub is off and there’s no sign of him in their fenced off little enclosure. Dean’s heart starts to race a little faster. He turns back to face the cabin, and that’s when he sees him.
“We can go sit in the car? Just the two of us? I’ve got your list, I can give it to Charlie.”
“You still haven’t explained why I’m chopping things and not actually helping you cook.” He grumbles.
“So,” he asks slowly. “How the fuck are we gonna play this? ‘Cause this is a Saturday and that’s a mall. We can’t exactly go in fucking guns blazing.”
Teeth close around his calf and he rolls to the floor. The face of his assailant shifts between woman and wolf, but the pain remains just as bad. He kicks at her, and she just grins back at him through a mouthful of his own blood.
“I know. I’m sorry.”
“Dean?”
“Yeah? What’s his MO?” Karl doesn’t sound too impressed.
“It meant approximately equal!”
“I should’ve let someone else pull you out of hell.” Cas scoffs.
Cas clicks his teeth together, forces his thoughts to move on. He dislikes Crowley, would kill him if he could, but it’s not a true hatred. More of a passing one. Dean wants someone he really hates, someone like—
Cas watches him go, feeling a warm flash of lust. Nothing particularly unusual there – withdrawal gut punched him with a dirty bomb of all the sexual urges that the heroin had repressed. It’s that it’s not in the abstract, but comes with a furious and specific desire to run his hands over Deans body, to initiate prolonged and intimate contact with him. Even as recently as yesterday just the idea of that, someone else’s hands on him, no matter whose they were, was enough to fill him with dread.
“Right…”
“I changed my mind. I don’t want to go.”
“But I saw like half of them up and about with their kids this morning.”
Dean nods, offers the rolled up scroll. He was hoping Orcus wouldn’t read it, that Crowley’s handwriting would be enough. He should have known better. Fucker is a contract demon. They don’t do anything lightly.
” He imbues the word with a venom that makes Cas flinch.
“I’m not.”
“I been keeping an eye out for a way to contact you fer a while. I knew your old man well enough. I’m sure I’ve got some stories you haven’t heard. Be good to see you both, John’s legacy. You kids meant the world to him.”
“What?” Dean says, blushing, and Cas realises that he’s been staring dopily at him for even longer than usual. He doesn’t know how to describe it to Dean, not properly, not in a way he’d understand, so instead he settles for something simple.
Cas smirks. “Something else you’d like to be doing with that tongue?”
“Traditionally this is done with metal spikes. You’ve annoyed me, though, so I’m going to use something a little more, uh, splintery. Less accurate, more fun.”
“You guys must have hobbies.”
“Jesus, I don’t know, do a jigsaw, play cards, stand on our heads, play pool, find Sam and—”
Cas makes a “well duh” noise. Nobody loses to Sam. Kid might as well be going round the track backwards.
Again, Dean is totally on board for this, but it's dubcon because he doesn't know the full picture. Cas is very obviously not happy with events, and Lucifer is having a great time, as per.
“What are you thinking?”
“Is it possible that he left for another reason? That he got, what’s the human expression, cold feet?”
Hannah pulls in a deep breath, strides over to the kid and heals him with an impersonal brush of her fingers.
"Why didn't you come to me?" She asks, in her best irritated mom voice.
Despite asking for Cas’s permission, Dean goes in tentatively. A barely there brush of his arms around Cas – practically not touching.
Humanity might have got a whole host of things wrong, but baths are not one of them.
Dean finishes the water, and then three bags of chips. Cas half carries him to the Impala, winds down the windows and drives around and around, until Dean has started to sober up a little.
It’d be a pain for someone on a hunter’s schedule, which is why he’s never bothered before. But now, it’s not like they’re gonna be doing much nocturnal crap that’d lead to him needing to sleep through the day.
Dean snaps around to face her.
“How unexpected, Castiel.”
Hellhounds.
Dean braces himself, he should have known Cas’s suspicion would fall on him. He’s the weak link in the chain, the one who makes demon deals and sacrifices that end up going wrong.
“I don’t want your help.” Cas says, “but apparently I need it.”
They sit in companionable silence for a little bit, and then Dean points at a cluster of starts.
Cas can feel his grace recoiling and shrinking inside his shell, burying itself as deep in his centre as possible. It doesn’t like this any more than he does.
“He might come on his own.”
He rolls Cas over onto his side and curls around him, chest to back. It feels good. Protected and protective. His arms are folded around Cas's torso, legs twined in with his. He's able to breathe in the smell of his hair – it smells like sweat and leather and still a little bit like ozone.
“I’m gonna get Sam.”
“It has a good side effect. Don’t mistake that for it being on your side.”
I have been drinking (I know, you wouldn't be able to tell) so last chance double check editing might be shonky. Will double check tomorrow xoxoxox
“And there I was thinking you sensed I was in danger and came running to rescue me from the flames.”
He’s nearly there. They’re in the kitchen, he can hear Charlie but she’s indistinct.
Dean shrugs, and Sam points at the bandage on Dean’s arm. Which Dean hadn’t noticed, because  yeah, he doesn’t look at that arm.
Things have spiralled out of his hands and he needs the control, the power that comes from using a weapon well. Holding up a gun and hitting the target dead centre, or, okay, in his current state, hitting the target.
The insinuation that he needs alcohol to talk about his problems seems to do it. Dean opens up, spills about seeing Sam with the girl and then grinds to a halt.
Cas scowls, because all these kind reassuring words are great, but wait, just fucking wait until Sam hears what he has to say. What Cas did.
“Because you’re moping around the place like a kicked puppy and I’m your stupid fucking friend and I want to know if you’re okay?”
Cas shrugs, breaks eye contact and draws a sigil in chalk on the table, places the bowl in the middle.
“I’d like that.”
Dean doesn’t leave, but he does shut up. Momentarily.
Dean lies there for a while in silence, running Cas’s words through his head. It’s less the words though, it’s more the strength of feeling, the anger behind them. He recognises it. It’s how he feels when Cas and Sam are being stupid. Reckless with their lives.
Now for the final ingredient. Cas removes a little ziplock bag from his pocket. In it are crumbled and scorched fragments, handfuls of ash. The charred remains of the photographs that, to Cas’s mind, started this whole issue.
He goes and gets a forehead thermometer, having little to no fucking desire to sit here fondling his fucking brother and best friend if he can avoid it.
Dean’s eyes flicker open and Lucifer feels the relief course through Cas. It doesn’t last long, as he realises that Lucifer is making no real effort to fight the demon he’s wrestling with. He’s play acting, as he lets her flip him over and pin him to the floor.
“.......shut up.”
He pushes Cas away before he can move from nuzzling to biting – because he’s a horny little opportunist and Dean does actually want to eat tonight.
“Cas is gone. An’ Sam, he thinks he’s gone darkside’an lef’ us and he hasn’t. I know he hasn’t, and I need to talk t’you 'cuz you’ll believe me, I know y’will. Someone took him an’ we’re tryna find him and it’s not working, s’not working. I need y’to tell me that I’m gonna find him Charlieeeee. And I wasn’t gonna call you because you’re injured and I don’t wanna drag you int’it but I just need to talk to you, Charliee.”
He doesn’t scream, though. He manages that.
“Fantastic!”
It doesn’t go down easy, and he doesn’t want to try again, but Sam forces him. Tells him it’s just fuel, just get it down so you’re body has something to run on. You’ll be no help to Cas starving yourself to death.
“As did Shrek 2.”
“No I didn’t, they vanished. What bar?”
“Not quite.” Dean says, and his voice is shaking, but it doesn’t fucking matter. He throws back the duvet, reveals the wobbly, just about workable sigil drawn in his own blood, and slaps his hand into the centre.
“Don’t tell me what I’ve got to do.”
The memory overwhelms. He sees Cas in the flames instead of Tahariel, yells and lunges forward, drops him to the floor and tries to make him roll, smother the flames.
“Who did you leave him with?”
“You can’t survive on alcohol and fear, Dean.”
“Shit, Dean…”
This was the last edited chapter so from now on updates are gonna be a bit like this
Dean won’t meet Cas’s gaze, but Sam looks worried.
Dean breaks.
“Do you wanna check, and I’ll carry on looking around?”
“’Kay.”
“I haven’t seen Torchwood, but I’m pretty sure most of them are dead.”
“I’m head chef around here now.” Cas crows.
“His body is resisting me.”
“Dean?”
“Dean?”
“A little bit.”
“I thought working out was “no pain, no gain.”” Cas says, doing the air-quotes.
“I think I can identify where the messages were sent from.”
“Subtle.” Cas laughs, but he takes the bottle, coats his fingers and then rubs them together to warm up the cold lube. It must be Dean’s fucking birthday.
“Ew.”
There’s a rap on the window and she rolls it down.
Dean laughs again.
“Are you telling me that you’re logic-ing away your emotions.”
“Yes.”
“Look man, I don’t mean to be rude, but I was kinda busy when you called.”
“Why do I have to do the vegetable that fights back?” Cas pouts.
“This is a fucking classic, Cas. You’ll love it.”
Lucifer silences him with easy brutality – leaves a smarting wound at the centre of whatever constitutes Castiel’s being now – and turns his attention fully back to Dean.
“You think that’s funny?”
“Making a sandwich for myself, and definitely not for Cas.” Dean says.
Lucifer sighs, put upon and theatrically so. He plunges his fist into the escaping white stream, yanks it back and stuffs it into her mouth.
“I need to return to heaven. I’ve been gone too long already. Summon me when you decide his fate. If he is to be killed, then there is information I must extract first, and if not, I’ll still need the information, but I will also need to purge some secrets from his head before he’s locked up.”
“Yeah well, I can’t exactly ask him, can I?”
Dean and Cas mirror each other now. Both as full of self-hatred as it is possible to be. Except, well, Dean still has a sliver of hope. Dean still thinks, still desperately wills himself to believe, that this is his torment and not Cas’s.
“See who?”
“I like hot tubs.” He says by way of greeting, and Sam can’t smother his laugh.
call. Sam’s out on one of his stupid fucking three hour runs – they’re getting longer each day and Dean’s starting to wonder what the fuck it is he’s running from. Backup is always good, but Dean decides he doesn’t have time to piss away driving around in circles looking for him, so he leaves a brief note: ‘Cas called. Gone to Burnt Oak.’
“You okay, buddy?”
He nearly swallows his tongue, but he manages to choke the words out.
He doesn’t even extend the courtesy of letting the call go all the way through.
“Don’t you pull that bullshit on me, Dean. I’ve tried to help, I’ve tried to be sympathetic, but you know what, this isn’t fucking working and you need to sort your shit the fuck out.”
“What do you mean
“I wasn’t trying to kill myself, I was trying to get rid of it.”
“Shuddup and fuck me.”
“I don’t think so.” He says, with what he thinks is the appropriate amount of wariness for someone who’s just been asked that question. From Dean’s answering expression, he gathers that amount is murder level suspicious. “What are you panning?”
Dean doesn’t say anything for the longest time, and then he roars, punches the drywall and slides down to the floor.
“That’s because I fucking am.” Sam snarls back.
It would also be the kinder option.
“The Men of Letters were clever – although whether deliberately or whether they were just tapping into a power source, I’m not sure – there’s a lot of residual magic in the ground the bunker is built on.”
“I’m here, Dean.”
“What other choice do we have? You saw what he tried to pull.”
“I don’t think this is a good idea, Dean.”
The dark skinned angel grins, white teeth standing out vividly against his face.
“He wasn’t happy about, uh, before. Thinks I’ve given up on you.”
“So the intent came from purgatory?”
“Charlie—”
“What more do you want from me, Dean? I’ve had to call Lelahel back to heaven so she doesn’t find out – I don’t even trust my closest allies with knowledge of Castiel’s current state, and when an angel is banished they can go anywhere. They’re not dogs – I don’t have them chipped.”
“This better not be a fucking porn museum, Dean.”
Maybe, just maybe, she’s planning on letting him get away with this one, let him get to heaven unencumbered. After all, she wants Cas alive more than she wants him locked back up in Sam’s makeshift prison for
“How do you want to do this?” Lucifer asks, not needing to fake a desperate, wrecked tone.
“Dibs on first shower.”
Or maybe, maybe he’s fucking dead and this is what his hell looks like now. No flayed skin or tortured souls, just Dean Winchester, a little bit of pain to spice things up, and his own fucking thoughts for the rest of time.
“And if it has?”
“Is that why it took so long?” Sam asks.
Sorry this is later than usual, my cousin was up from Devon for the weekend and family trumps fic.
Charlie’s eyebrows rise practically off her face.
Eventually, though, he manages it.
“I’d tell you to leave some room for your entree, but I’m worried if I attract your attention you’ll eat me.”
Eventually he gives up and reads the plaque. It doesn’t say what it’s called; only that some dude or company or whatever named McDonnell Douglas donated it, and that it was used to make the fuselages for small planes. Well, he was kinda right. Ish.
He needs to rip and tear and rend and fight and
“You summoned,
Fuck.
“Because this book is fucking boring.”
“Sam came and grabbed me, said he’d pissed you off real bad and you were looking shaky. He was worried.”
“Interesting. I made sure that was hidden before I answered the door.”
“First you make me get up, now you’re making me walk in the shade.”
“I haven’t given him the chance to bother me.”
“Change of plan. Baby’s been in storage long enough.”
“Yeah, so, uh, the beating the grass approach. Not gonna work.”
“Fuck.”
He doesn’t feel guilty about corrupting the crime scene. The less the regular police can glean from this the better. If something has the juice to off ten angels, regular human cops aren’t going to have a hope.
“Are you okay? The last thing we want is you crapping out on us too.”
She doesn’t know that Sam is well versed in co-ordinate treasure hunts, waves a hand over the screen and causes the text to dissolve and reform into a map. A grey location marker denotes a spot a little way outside Pontiac, Illinois.
“Now you’re definitely not allowed to leave.”
If he’s trying to goad Dean, it’s working. All that rage, all that grief and fear and hurt that he’s been trying his hardest not to feel are all coming out now, a toxic, violent catharsis.
Dean surges forward, deepens the kiss, and Cas, fucking brilliant Cas gets the idea immediately. He responds in kind, hands dropping to Dean’s waist to push up under his shirt. He groans as he makes contact with Dean’s bare skin, and Dean realises that he’s probably every bit as desperate for this as he is. Everything is about to go to shit, probably already has, but they’ve got this one, desperate reprieve.
She opens her mouth to give some sort of pre-emptive explanation, in the vague hope that they’ll understand, should it all go wrong. Dean shouts her down.
And he said—
“I’d like to try for myself first.”
Dean’s instincts are pretty sound. Cas’s are sitting in a corner, rocking back and forth and howling.
Dean drinks his one beer and then removes himself from the kitchen. If he stays he’ll be tempted to have another, so best to remove himself from the room entirely. One beer to level him out isn’t falling off the
Also, I now have a Supernatural only blog at
Cas sighs, lapses into silence. He forces himself to hold his tongue as Lucifer whispers platitudes in Dean’s ear under the guise of calming him. From anyone else they’d sound trite, awkward, but Lucifer has a way of making even the most banal of clichés sound remarkable.
(Also check out the picture I hastily knocked together and put on chapter one ;DD)
Unless.
But they can’t, because as much as Dean might have taken precautions, as safe as they might be here, it’s still not enough for Cas to let his guard down like that. Wouldn’t be enough for Dean either. Neither of them would be able to enjoy it.
“Deliberately. That’s what this ‘walk’ bullshit was all about.”
Today she watches, makes sure that Dean doesn’t lie down and choke to death on his own stringy trails of not quite vomit. And then, when he’s done, when he wipes a hand across the back of his mouth and stands up, shakey and fucked up, she puts on her best mom voice.
“A surprise.” Dean’s grin could shame a Cheshire Cat. “Go put on a nice shirt and meet me back her in an hour.”
“Oh yeah? You wanna talk about problems? People are out there risking their fucking lives for you, Cas, and you can’t even be bothered to tell us who took you.”
books. It’s a look that’s been absent from his face for months. The look he gets when he’s out hunting something big and something evil. Something that’s personally offended him, and is really going to fucking pay for it.
“But the risk—”
Sam reminded him, and Cas doesn’t know whether or not he’s grateful. He loves Dean, and it hurts, but, actually, Dean wasn’t the only thing, the only
Dean’s caught on the fence between fury and fear now, unsure of which way he’ll tip.
“It wasn’t your fault – most of the time.”
“In case I got lost too deep in your head.”
He doesn’t shout when he comes, he groans, long and drawn out, as pleasure sweeps all the way through him, intense, but somehow soft with it.
“I see.”
He tucks his gun into the back of his jeans, trusts Charlie to cover him, and approaches with his hands up in the air. The kid backs away again, into the cabin, but Dean follows, hand high as he can get them, muttering what he hopes are reassuring noises. He scouts around for a first aid kit, spots one fixed to the wall near the door. He grabs it down, gets out gauze and wound dressings.
“Will you forgive me if I buy you pie?” She asks.
He tries to read some of his book – he was enjoying it, before – the thinly veiled Christian mythology all churned up with paganism, roman legends and foreign gods; the carefully woven story, the beautiful, realistic descriptions of a place he’s visited, but has never truly seen – that bring it alive on paper in a way that makes it more 3D than it was in real life.
Dean doesn’t agree gladly, but he agrees.
“I hadn’t realised I was.”
Cas manages between sobs, wild, desperate.
“You’re creating your own spell?” Crowley sounds incredulous.
“Whuh?” Dean looks at her, utterly mystified, but Cas sniggers.
Cas chucks the cabbage back, eyeing Dean suspiciously.
Dean’s stops kicking and his eyes bulge. Seems like he’d rather like to be in on this conversation. Orcus doesn’t lessen the pressure. If he wanted to talk he should have thought of that before he started throwing around exorcisms, shouldn’t he, then.
Death finishes his tamale, licks his long slender fingers and glances over at Dean’s uneaten food.
“Hey! Cas!”
“Dude.”
“No, why?”
She fucking.
Fuck his life.
“Who didn’t get me?”
He picks Cas up as gently as possible. Oh god, he weighs almost nothing – Sam’s picked up
Oh shit.
“A target practice game.”
This isn’t Dean saying so long and fuck you very much. This is Dean thinking he’s putting someone else’s feelings before his own and jumping ship. This is Dean holding a gun to his own head and squeezing the trigger to make someone else happy.
“Just, just give me five minutes to fucking process this on my own, okay. Then we can fucking talk about this shit.”
Cas spots him, tries to snarl but it comes out more a croak.
“How?”
Luckily this stuff is a like a giant Band-Aid, no faffing about with holding it in place while trying to wrap gauze around it or anything. Cas had specifically chosen it because it looked like the sort of stuff you could apply by yourself, if the need arose.
But he didn’t. He said anymore.
“Do you have any idea what they’re talking about?” Charlie asks.
He can hear voices and he makes his unsteady way towards them – if Dean had gone someone would have gone with him, or after him, so he must still be here. That must be him.
They kiss until they can’t bear it any more. Until Cas’s fingers are clenched in the ground and Dean is visibly straining to hold himself in check. Cas breaks it off, taking pity on Dean trembling at his touch.
“House is a misogynist.”
“What makes you think it’s a human?”
“All of what?” Crowley repeats.
“That was the plan, wasn’t it? OD me and leave me, filthy and broken in that warehouse, give Dean his breadcrumb trail to find me. What changed?”
“So you’re willing to gamble the wellbeing of your
He flinches, but Charlie’s pretty sure it’s more because of her volume than her actual words.
He decides to distract himself by bothering Dean, slips off his shoe and begins to trail his foot up Dean’s leg, along the inside of his thigh and coming to rest on his crotch. Dean refuses to make eye contact, knuckles going white as he grips on tight to his fork. Cas presses down more firmly, tries to hide a smile as Dean starts, drops his cutlery.
“Hey, hey, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to, y’know.” The woman gestures vaguely at Claire’s face, and she realises she’s crying. Fucking great.
“Pretty much.”
Dean shakes his head – actually, I’ve got a better plan. Put your coat on and meet me outside.”
“No paper.” Cas says, stubborn and disillusioned with his new hobby already.
“He’ll get there.” Charlie reassures, I promise.”
He trails off, doesn’t say anything for a few moments, flashes back to the room. He doesn’t realise he’s frozen until Dean taps him on the shoulder.
“Look, okay,” he says, clearly minutes short of tearing out his hair, “change of plan. You two are so bad I’d struggle to hustle you into thinking you’re winning, man. How about I teach you instead?”
She mock faints. “A Winchester who knows how to take a compliment. Doth mine ears deceive me?”
It takes three more days for the net guns he’d ordered off the internet to arrive. They’re big, clunky. Less likely to jam than his homemade versions, but he didn’t know how much time they’d have – had to err on the side of caution and all that bullshit.
“Please, Sam.”
“I can try. I have no guarantee he’ll answer. He doesn’t know me.”
“All right, what’s up?”
“He thinks Cas is already dead.”
Dean looks for a foothold that isn’t going to get him killed, which in this rain is difficult. He manages it eventually though, comes to stand behind Cas and lifts his arms out sideways for him, Titanic style.
There’s a woodstove in one corner, next to a surprisingly large TV. It looks out of place in the rustic charm, but then again, Dean supposes that there isn’t much to do here if it decides to fucking piss it down with rain. They might be glad of it later.
“Yeah, well, much as I enjoy bouncing up and down on his cock and vice versa, it’s been longer than I’d like since I got laid. Which you know, being in my fucking head and all.”
It doesn’t take long to realise something is wrong. The bunker’s door has been wrenched off its hinges, lies buckled on the ground. Great, ugly knife marks have been gouged into it, some kind of sigil, at Dean’s best guess, but nothing he recognises.
“On it.” Ash sends her a text, in case she isn’t actually up. She gets a reply almost immediately.
Cas looks at Dean, his mussed hair, the crusted come on his thighs. He sniffs at himself. It’s not too unpleasant, he smells like sweat and sex and Dean, but he doesn’t think it’s a smell Sam would appreciate.
And that’s not even getting to why Cas was laughing like that.
“It was worth a shot.”
He finds himself wandering the corridors in a daze, snapped out of it by the sound of Charlie’s fraught tone.
“Are you okay?”
“Good, the bags under your eyes are so dark soon they’ll start absorbing light.”
“Please, just go where I say.”
It’d make sense for Dean to regret staying, it’d make sense for him to think that what used to be difficult but worth it, is still difficult but no longer worth it. That the future he’s clinging to, the thing that gets him through the day, where it’s him and Cas and everything is easier again, is receding further and further away with every day. Is an illusion, a dead fucking memory.
“Look at her arms.”
Dean is loath to admit it, but, well, he’s noticed a bit of a change in Sam recently, and it worries him. The whole tragic martyr with no future crap ain’t a good look on anyone. Formerly optimistic, Sam ‘I’m gonna get out of this life one day’ Winchester, especially.
“I think if it was going to kill you, it would have done so by now.”
In the three days he’s been resting here, he has come up with the same amount of plans. Three is a divine number, a good one. And to perform one act of creation a day is God’s way. Cahor had always followed God’s way.
Crowley hmms dramatically.
“You’re kidding me?”
He ends up in a liquor store, throws all of his cash at the terrified guy behind the counter and takes all that he can carry.
He lunges at Hannah with his empty hand and releases a burst of holy light. While she blocks that with her own, he gouges at her ribs, flicks his free hand again and uses telekinesis to barrage her with the contents of the store – baskets, clothing stands.
Cas laughs, relinquishes his grip, and lets Dean go .
Because yeah, any kind of distraction, even a fucking horrible one, is better than the blinding, clawing panic that Sam is back on that dark path again and there’s fuck all Dean can do to rein him back in.
“Better?”
“Whoa there, creeper.”
“It’s not that simple, Jody. Cas is in danger as it is, and so is Dean. Tell me if something comes after a Cas who can barely walk, never mind defend himself, that Dean won’t throw himself between that and get them both killed”
And then she lets go, announces to the room in general.
“There’s a private airport nearby. I’ve already hacked in and sorted us a flight – we’ll be in the air in just under an hour, be there in around three.”
“I promise once we’ve eaten we can christen our new room.”
Sam looks at Dean in curiously. He hadn’t expected him to agree so readily – hadn’t expected him to agree at all.
“Because an angel blade can kill demons, monsters and angels. So how is going to heaven any less risky for you than it is for me?”
He is also, amongst other things, a realist. He knows that the smooth parts of their lives are the exceptions. The extraordinary circumstances, the bad patches, these days they appear to outnumber the good. If Dean turned around and lashed out at him every time a hunt went badly, or events conspired against the three of them, well. There’d be few days that Cas emerged through unscathed.
It doesn’t come, instead he finds himself flipped onto his front. He ruts into the bedsheet, desperate for some friction on his cock, but Cas pulls him up by his hips, so his ass is sticking in the air. He grunts into the pillow, half complaint, half anticipation. He doesn’t think he’s quite prepped enough, but he can’t quite bring himself to care. He trusts Cas, knows he wouldn’t do anything to hurt him – and he did rebuild this body once. He’s got to know it’s limits. If Cas thinks he’s ready, maybe he’s right.
“You can do it later.”
It works, until he sobers up and he finds, like he does every day, that the hole has inched its way a little wider.
“It was about Cas.” Dean beats him to it.
“Dude, they don’t have to be
“I hope wherever you are it’s fucking worth it.”  He says when he’s done, starts to walk away, empty bottle swinging between his trembling fingers.
Cas knows everything now, what the forest is going to use his grace for, what will happen to Dean as a consequence.
Dean laughs mirthlessly.
“No.”
“Mmhhmm.”
Stranger things have happened.
The silence stretches on, tense, uncomfortable.
“Cas?” She projects her voice, hoping it doesn’t startle him.
“It’s fine, you’re not interrupting anything.” Cas reassures. “Dean was just trying to impress me by promising to raze this forest to the ground so that I could plant a garden. He’s going to dig out the roots by hand, and all.”
“Yeah.”
He’s shirtless, with his back to Cas, bent over and struggling to untie his laces.
the dishwasher.”
“Yeah, course you were.”
“Yeah.” Dean confirms, feeling like he’s walking into some kind of trap.
“She wasn’t pleased that I chose to stay here on earth.”
“Don’t give me that look.”
But Cas has an answer, he always does.
He finishes stretching Cas out, finally.
“Yeah, I fucking guessed that, thanks,
“Look. No-one knows who the fuck you are, and no-one asked your opinion. Can it.”
“No.” Hannah says.
Sam purses his lips at the self-directed dig, but doesn’t call Dean out on it. He doesn’t want to start an argument and derail one of the first freely given bits of information Dean’s ever felt inclined to share. Turns out Dean isn’t going to play that game though, and there are a few awkward beats of silence. Which, great, now it looks like Sam was fucking agreeing with him about being a bastard. Swear to Christ, after navigating the emotional pitfall traps of his blood relatives Sam reckons he’d make an excellent fucking foreign diplomat. Russia ain’t got nothing on Dean Winchester in a huff with himself and looking to contort you into punishing him.
you survive, Dean?” Cas asks.
Dean’s relaxed and pliant, totally at ease and not paying attention to the sneaky little look in Cas’s eye, the one that means Dean’s going to love him and hate him for whatever he’s about to do.
Dean sits up so fast it jolts the bed, causes Cas’s teeth to click together painfully. “A nightmare?”
There’s a long pause between messages. Long enough that Sam realises he needs to start driving away from Jody’s house. 10 minutes into the journey his phone bzzes again and he pulls in at a gas station.
Benny ignores the jibe, no matter how much it stings.
“Yeah. And dude, why didn’t you tell me about these earlier? I could’ve had you sterile from the start.”
“Of course.”
Cas’s in the bunker. Nothing he loves, anyway.
He hums for a few more minutes and then looks up, the others are being awfully quiet, and that’s always suspicious. And that’s because they’re gone, away to the bar already. Charming. Couldn’t have waited for five minutes for him to make up his mind.
Dean pulls a face, and Cas thinks he’s going to argue, but then it relaxes into something a little more open.
“Maybe you should shut the fuck up.” He mutters to himself, sat in the Impala. He still hasn’t quite shaken the belief that Cas and the car are tied, that he’ll just appear in the backseat – a throwback to the old days.
“Oh yeah?” She senses something juicy here.
Cas just growls in response, a low, dark noise. This is spiralling rapidly out of control and he can’t summon the right words to stop it, can’t summon
“You won’t be the one to hear my last words, Rowena.”
“Lucky me.”
“I know this is the happiest you’ve been in years, Dean. I know you love him, but you can’t just give him a free pass. We have to consider this.”
He’s disconnected, feels like his tether on reality is hanging loose. It just seems so ridiculous. Thinking back to the last time he was mostly okay, the last time that there wasn’t some big abject terror licking at his heels – in his 20’s and closeted and fucked up, repressed and clawing desperately for his father’s approval. Doesn’t sound like heaven, and it wasn’t. But at least it was a simple enough kind of torment. The worst thing he felt was a cloying sense of discomfort with his life, a longing for something better, an escape to something more.
“It’s good to see you again, man.”
So he does.
He feels things now. Puffs of breath on the back of his neck, fingers massaging his slack flesh. It feels nice. There’s something else too, rumbling vibrations, music or words or something. That’s nice too.
“He, uh. Got turned. We cured him.”
The call cuts off and Charlie scrambles for a set of keys, brain whirring. What the FUCK is going on?
The rest of his words are drowned out by the cheers of relief from the car’s other two occupants.
That clearly strikes a nerve, as Lucifer sees Dean’s fight ebb away. He sighs in disappointment. He expected a little more – more questioning, more railing and begging. Stoic disbelief or furious rage or something. Not more fucking calm, placid disappointment. He’s getting enough of that from Castiel.
He wants Dean, quite plainly, to suffer.
“Are you back with me?”
“If this is a joke—”
“I’ll work it out, for now we’ve got an apartment to search.”
“I don’t sleep.”
Dean’s almost vibrating out of his skin, and Cas hasn’t even got to the good bit. He recognises that he’s getting a taste of his own medicine – this is exactly what he does to Cas, strings him out to that line somewhere between bliss and torture, holds him there for as long as possible.
He sits up, runs a hand through his hair and drinks the water. He ignores the pills. He feels like maybe he deserves the headache.
He looks to Cas, ancient, knowing, the one who figured this all out, and the one who’s going to explain to them how to fix it. He knows. He
Sam does the smaller ones first, a deep gash here by his ribs, an ugly looking gouge on his ankle. He builds up to the big two, still has a little trouble looking at them. He’s just sticking on the first one when Cas’s voice pipes up, wary and slow.
Dean throws his hands up in the air. Every single member of his small and makeshift family is a huge fucking moron and they are conspiring to drive him to an early grave.
“So what do we do now?” Sam asks, tone fraught.
“We get him clean.” Sam says.
“That’s definitely a line stolen from a film or TV show or something.”
“It’s good to hear you say that.”
The next day he feels a little less physically shitty, so he goes for a drive. He’s relying on the Impala to settle him. He drives for hours and hours, not really caring where he ends up. Not checking the backseat for surprise passengers.
“Huh?”
Reluctantly Lucifer lets Dean go and get the lube, uses the time to steel himself. He needs to concentrate, not give himself over to hedonism, no matter how tempting. This isn’t about his own pleasure, although that is proving to be an added bonus. This is about making things as bad for Castiel as is inhumanly possible. Which means dragging it out, preparing Dean in the least satisfying way possible, using Cas’s intimate knowledge of the body he’d rebuilt and healed several times over to make sure that Dean’s prostate never gets touched.
“Hey, buddy. Hey, you’re alright. Thank fuck, you’re alright.”
He pauses, but Cas is silent on the other end of the line. Dean doesn’t even fucking now if he’s still there, but he plows on regardless.
“Okay, you are definitely talking shit.” Dean asserts.
“Relax, I haven’t taken you here to murder you. Then I’d never find out what your cunning plan was.”
Sam laughs, a little too giddily if the look Dean gives him is any indication.
And he begged him for drugs and spat hatred in his face when he didn’t comply.
“Hopefully.”
Cas sighs, throws his hands up in the air and leaves the garage, just leaves Dean to it. Short of sitting on him until he calms down – a strategy which is likely to make Dean much angrier, for much longer – there isn’t much he can do.
“I do still trust you.”
“He’d just have” Cas clicks his fingers, “bye stubborn asshole Dean, hello placid lobotomised Dean.”
Charlie throws it in Dean’s direction, but Cas intercepts it.
“I’m not fucking giving up! I’m going to bring him home.”
“—but your life is more important. If it’s he dies or you do, he dies, Charlie. Got that?”
“So you can fight back, but only sometimes?” The boy questions.
“About half of them are useless – shaky lines or stray flicks. The rest are serviceable.” She fixes Dean in her penetrating stare. “Who taught you how to do this?”
“Ah crap.”
“Dean?” Sam’s tone is, well, it’s not reassuring.
at him. ‘Cause he might have a decent poker face most of the time, but not when it comes to Cas. God, every time Dean sees him, he just wants to reach out and touch him. Sling an arm over his shoulder, knock their knees together. Just anything, any little grounding touch.
Cas just shrugs, unable to force out the reason, what he wants to say.
“You cheated.”
“From what I gather humans feel things so much more deeply than angels. Maybe he’s having trouble adjusting to the difference. Are you sure you didn’t have some disagreement, something he wasn’t equipped or prepared to deal with?”
Sam pipes up.
“Don’t you fucking shrug at me. This is serious! What happens if I start rubbing off on you – you get the crazy waking dreams and the nightmares too?”
“He’s trying, I can feel a wrenching, deep down in my grace, but it’s not moving me – won’t until I’m free of this.”
“There’s so many. I don’t even know where to start.”
Charlie and Cas exchange glances.
“Cas—”
“Well,” Deans’ voice brings him back, “maybe if you hadn’t fucked that shot I set up for you so badly you might have managed a few more.” Dean’s teasing grin grates at Cas’s nerves and he doesn’t know why. “I can only work with what I’ve got.”
They’ve treated Cas so badly that he has even less self-worth than Dean, for fucks sake.
“Hannah, can you like mojo everyone out of the building?”
“I could ask you the same question.” Benny replies with a grin.
“It was fine.” Cas confirms. “I barely felt a thing, even when we were outside the car.” He turns to look at Dean now, gaze shifting away from the tv. “I think the other thing was a fluke. I wasn’t quite ready for that much, and I overreacted.”
The walls are the rough white of salt rock, with strange, twisted protrusions leaping out at every angle. At first the patterns look random, formless. But every now and then you catch one out of the corner of your eye and you realise there’s something there, deliberate and contrived.
Seriously, dude makes enemies like Dean makes waffles. (And whose fault is that? A treacherous, and quickly suffocated, little voice nags.)
Charlie grimaces. “It seemed like a good idea—”
“We get him somewhere safe, call Hannah and get the fucking heroin,” Dean stumbles over the word, “angel purged from his system, and then we hunt down whatever son of a bitch did this to him.”
Everything feels too close. He can feel the cold from the walls leeching the heat from his skin. It’s like the building is alive and breathing down the back of his neck, like it’s about to collapse on top of him and suffocate him and he has to get out, GET OUT.
“I’m wide awake, I won’t get back to sleep.”
“Will that suffice, or would you like me to remove myself from the room entirely? I could procure some trousers, cover my shame?”
“S’what I told Sam.”
“Yeah, well, you live and learn, sunshine.”
And if he won’t talk to her on the phone, well, she’s just gonna have to fucking go there herself. It’s not like the bunker is far – she and Jody and Alex are holed up in a cabin nearby – some sort of family bonding experience that was probably supposed to take her mind of things but so far has just been a lot of stilted, sympathetic looks and hideous awkwardness.
She laughs and reveals the plate she’s holding behind her back, swaps it out with Sam’s.
“Why—”
Sam draws Ruby’s knife from his belt, pads softly forward and scans the entrance.
“This dude who hunts monsters and he’s looking for—”
“You had other priorities.” Cas finishes for him.
“We need to get you to a hospital, Dean.”
Dean snorts. “You don’t say.”
“I’m not tied to a chair, having that spell thrust upon me, so yes. I think it did.”
“Fine. But when we get back I’m going to sleep in the sun and you aren’t allowed to bother me, deal?”
“Yeah. How did you know?”
“I don’t.”
Sam just looks at him, all brows furrowed and suspicious, and it makes Dean’s palms sweat.
“I don’t know.” She sneers. “Humans all look the same to me.”
“FUCK OFF!” He smacks the hand away, grabs the two other bottles from the cupboard and backs off cautiously.
“Dean doesn’t mean to—”
Dean all but bears his teeth and snarls.
“I think I’d like that very much.”
Cas opens his weary fucking mouth to try and defend his position, but he’s pre-empted by a look from Dean. It’s a look that says a lot of things, but there’s only one layer that Cas really cares about –
Dean thinks about taking the easy route – the snappish joke – what, don’t I look happy normally? He restrains himself.
The sun starts to set and Cas reaches over and rests his hand on Dean’s leg. Dean flashes him a quick smile, switches his plate so he can eat one handed and then rests the other on top of Cas’s. They watch the sky fade from purple and red to black in near silence. For once Cas is content not to fill the space, lost in thoughts of a better time – the last time he sat and watched the sun set with Dean, the heady months afterwards...
“Cool , cool .”
“Not what you were saying earlier.” Dean wants to believe him, but less than a half hour ago he had a very different story. He was offering to fucking
“Is that it? Am I done?”
“Great, thanks.”
“That’s the one.”
Sam and Cas exchange a glance. It’s not that they didn’t notice, per-se, it’s just that somehow it hadn’t had time to register in the literal seconds between Sam pulling Cas out of whatever fucked up headspace he’d sunk into, and Dean waking blearily up.
“Or what? I’m not afraid of you, queer.”
Eventually conversation dies down, Charlie pulls a comic book out of her bag, and Dean lies on a deckchair with his hands folded over his stomach. And Cas, Cas gets twitchy.
This isn’t new information. He knows the Mark doesn’t react to what he does here, but he assumed that was because it’s not real. He’s not
“This.”
“I made a mistake! I didn’t know the spell would end up like this! You think I
“So, Maine?”
Dean picks up the pen and scrawls his name at the bottom of the parchment in rough, messy writing. Crowley can’t resist a raised eyebrow.
“Good luck with Dean.”
Cas shrugs. “He can’t handle the truth.”
“It wouldn’t work.”
Dean feels his wrist. There’s a faint, barely there pulse, but no rise and fall of his chest. Dean holds a hand in front of his nose and mouth. There’s no air being expelled.
“Dean, you're up." Sam spots him, smiling a not quite reassuring smile.
Dean flips him the bird and pours the milk into a bowl, pulling out a stool on his way back to the fridge and gesturing to Cas to sit down.
“He’s asleep.”
It’s only been a day with no sign of the fucker. One day and no news of some mysterious figure popping into existence where he shouldn’t, one day of Robert Lacey’s card remaining untouched.
Eventually his strength fails him and he drops the bedframe, joins it in a heap on the floor.
She lets herself be seated at a table, still breathing heavily and winded, accepts without question the drink put in front of her. Some strawberry iced coffee concoction, not her favourite but really, in the circumstances, who gives a fuck. She gulps down too much of it at once, gets brainfreeze and grimaces in pain.
He needn’t have worried, they’re all still there when he comes out of the bathroom. As he makes his way back to his table he causally watches out the corner of his eye. Doesn’t seem like anything too exciting is happening, just the waitress setting something down on the table, knocking over a salt cellar in the process.
“You forgot to give us our wristbands.”
Sam gets up early the next morning, ass crack of dawn early. But that’s fine, because so does Dean. He sets an alarm for Sam’s usual hour, but he also takes precautions – hides a baby monitor in Sam’s room while he’s otherwise occupied. Which yeah, risky move depending on what Sam has planned for that night, but Dean is lucky, doesn’t hear a squeak out of it until 3am.
“I guessed.”
“I think you’re overestimating the integrity of the tourism industry.”
“I’m all for naked cuddling, but uh, maybe after you’ve got your flaccid dick outta my ass?”
“Yeah, well, I told them not to
Cas lets Dean lead him into the kitchen, following a half step behind, eyes tracing over Dean’s figure, lingering on his hips and ass.
“Yeah, he does that.”
“Is this the only copy?”
In one of the most rapid, and regretful about turns that Charlie has ever witnessed on this good earth, Dean hums and haws over the sofa-bed selection for so long that she actually thinks she loses the will to live.
Sam shrugs.
“In a way meaning what?” Sam asks incredulously.
Dean wraps his arms tight around Cas, sighs when Cas does the same.
He wants something domestic and normal, but he’s embarrassed by it, has been conditioned to think that wanting this, caring about decorating and furniture and building a home is a feminine thing, not the concern of a real man. Not something that the type of person his father fought tooth and nail and sometimes against Dean’s own nature to mould him in to, is supposed to care about. He’s unlearning this, with Charlie’s help, with Cas and Sam’s help, but the early years conditioning is still there, is still hard to shake sometimes.
No. not now. He can’t think about that now.
He wants to learn the ins and outs of his body, the things that make him feel best. He has a feeling Dean will be more than amenable to that.
Charlie laughs, “Alright, TV?”
“I don’t think you’re considering all the angles here, Cas. You’re vulnerable like this, and that makes us vulnerable.”
“Gonna elaborate?” A little harsh, but there’s that creeping dread. An angel did this to Cas, and they’ve sequestered him in fucking Angel Beacon #1 to recover. Doesn’t set a good feeling running through Dean’s veins.
He eases off Cas’s shoes first, which earns him a soft kick and a mumble. After that he tries to divest him of his jeans, but Cas swats at his hand, irritably.
“Okay, one, even I know you’re not pronouncing that right, and two, I don’t think a futon is gonna be good for his back.”
“I can’t do this alone, Cas. I need you. I fucking want you, I lo—” He falters on the word, and Cas smiles at him, the bitterness replaced by something softer, sadder.
“So what, you think the books set themselves on fire, Cas?”
Dean finishes affixing his targets and jogs back over, refraining from rolling his eyes.
Sam’s shout brings him back to the room and he lets go. His arms are on fire and it doesn’t feel like regular flames. This is Lucifer’s fire, demonic and angelic corruption working together even as they try to tear each other apart.
Then it was Adina.
“You never know, butterfly effect.”
“Cas, buddy. What is it?” He tries for soft, gentle. It comes out harsh and panicked.
The final rocket goes off, a vivid burst of colour and noise. Cas turns to Dean to say something, express his wonder in some way, but Dean’s not looking at the sky. He’s looking at Cas, smiling nearly as widely as Cas is.
"Watch the fucking car, man."
Natural sleep isn’t the only way to become unconscious, though.
“Paranoid much?” He teases, gets a phenomenal stink-eye in return and raises his hands. “I know, no such thing as paranoia in this life.”
“About what?”
“Yeah, why not.”
You live elbow to elbow with a guy like they have for as long as they have, you learn them pretty well.
David Cameron on their TV without a stiff drink in hand.
“Dean?”
“Oh, uh, thank you, sir.” She stammers, and suddenly Dean feels like a little bit of an ass. She’s just trying to do her job, for fucks sake.
Cas wakes up, not quite sure why until he feels the bed dip as Dean shifts his weight. He’s surprised, Dean hasn’t been using the bed much recently. Cas has lost track of the number of times he’s fallen asleep on the sofa, or in the library, or any of the other excuses before he stopped bothering with them altogether. A couple of nights is a coincidence, a couple of weeks is a pattern.
He hurls his bowl at Sam, who dodges to the side, lets it clatter and smash on the floor and exits the room.
Cas’s tone is flat, like he already knows the answer but feels like he has to at least try.
“Can I see them?”
“So, uh. What do you wanna do today?” Dean asks eventually.
Sam’s door finally creaks open 10 days after he went to ground. Charlie hears the shower start up, gathers everyone in the kitchen to wait for the big reveal. She assumes there’s gonna be a big reveal. You don’t retreat to your room, alone, for almost a week and a half of private research and then just slink back into your daily routine like everything is normal and fine and whatevs.
Dean parks the Impala a little way off on purpose, in case whoever has gone out for a spin comes back, and Sam follows his lead.
Dean hits the radio on to fill up the silence, but every channel he lands on is some bullshit and entirely too prescient song. He perserveres until he hears the opening strains of Judas Priest’s Deal with the Devil and then he slams the radio off in frustration.
“We’re going sailing?” Cas asks Dean as he notices that there’s a boat moored nearby. Nothing fancy, but it’s got sails and a motor and more than enough space for four people.
“’Cause, man. You know how deep these are—”
“None of your business.” Cas spits.
They do eventually make it back to their suite, and even to their bedroom. They make a token attempt at sex, pawing at each other, giving sloppy kisses that only land where they were intended about half of the time.
“Better than nothing though, right.”
Dean doesn’t say anything, but Cas knows him, doesn’t need him to vocalize to understand what he’s feeling.
and it enrages him, stokes up the bloodlust that had been settled and content.
“You can teach me the names of all the plants.” Dean says, with an awkward shrug.
And then he realises that he's still in their room, that Dean is asleep and therefore probably having a nightmare. He folds his blade away into whatever pocket dimension it exists in when he isn’t thinking about it, sits on the bed and takes Dean’s hand in his. There’s not much he can actually do for Dean here, anything he does is more comfort to himself really. He wants to try though, doesn’t want to sit there, useless, helpless, while Dean suffers. He knows, now, that Dean doesn’t just care for his utility, his angelic ability to fix. That doesn’t stop him wanting to be that for Dean. That’s what you want for the people you love, to do everything you can to make their lives that little bit more bearable.
Cas screams, an animal noise of rage and hate and fear. He fires wildly at the trees, past the point where the gun starts clicking, empty, howling until his breath leaves him and Dean’s gentle touch is separating his fingers from the weapon.
“Is it ready?”
“Have either of you spoken to Druiel recently?” She brushes aside his question as if she hadn’t heard it.
He nearly folds over with the shock, the power of whatever has Cas tight in its grip. They have been lied to. This was a trap, that’s something much older and nastier than a binding spell gone awry. That’s a primal force and it’s going to tear them apart.
Cas snorts, disbelieving.
Cas groans, looks up at him blearily. There are three little white sticks poking out of his mouth. It takes Sam a few moments to work out what they are – some kind of weird cigarettes or something?
The kid isn’t even slightly reassured, moaning and babbling little, barely coherent pleas for his life. Dean wants to punch a fucking wall, or himself. Another civilian casualty to add to his goddamn list. Fuck. He was right about the fucking trap, but not about who the danger was.
“Why?” Crowley asks, suspicious.
C'est fin(ish). There's an epilogue coming on Thursday that's 99% porn, and then two paragraphs after the porn of putting a neat little bow on the story at the end of the chapter, but we are, for the most part, done here. :o
IT’S FUCKING SAM AND CAS, YOU IDIOT.
But Cas isn’t listening. He shucks Dean’s grip, grabs hold of his bare arm and stretches it out, to better showcase the healing wound.
“It’s turning him into a portal.”
“Cas, look. What can I say to convince—”
“Sam” jerks awake, those hunter instincts. Cas’ll have to give it to C, he’s really captured him well. He looks perfect, seems to act just like Sam too.
“What the fuck was that, Cas?” Sam asks, too tired – emotionally, physically, spiritually, fucking pick one – to muster up any real panic.
“And if he wants to know why you were mind melded together?”
“You mean you don’t want me to lovingly embrace you in a bridal carry?”
“So yeah, walls. Maybe it’s like a walled garden? Stop nature getting a bit too close to their little herb patch?”
to walk away, Cas.” Dean says, bitterly.
Dean’s eyes open hazily.
He’s been doing a lot of that kind of doublethink over the last couple days. He won’t, but just in case. Just in case this, just in case that.
Cold water drenches his head and chest and the shock is enough to bring him back into the room. Charlie standing in front of him, holding an empty basin, Sam’s arms wrapped around him in a grip so tight he can barely breathe.
Not that it matters, because he’s human, with human stamina, and he’s chasing a fucking angel. He sprints, and for the first little while it makes a difference, he’s closing the gap, getting close, but he can’t keep up that pace forever. The scrape along his ribs is burning up and there’s a stitch burning low in his side. He stops, lifts his shaking arm and makes an attempt at levelling the gun, first shot goes wide, so does the second. He gives up aiming, sprays and prays with the remaining five bullets.
“What?”
“I get the feeling he’s going to spend our entire time here ignoring me. Might as well get used to it.” Cas says.
Cas returns to the bunker in the dead of night, his rucksack full of bartered treasures and ingredients. And a yarrow plant. He comes on foot, with all the stealth that he can muster. Just because he wants to return, does not mean he wants to be known to be doing so.
She doesn’t get the chance to be pissed off that he was trying to fucking parent her, though.
“Tell them—”
Dean and Sam decide they want to fling themselves around a racetrack at some ridiculous speed. Cas isn’t interested, and he gets so bored sitting through the safety talk that he bids them farewell and goes off for a wander.
“Oh, honey. I couldn’t if I tried.”
He feels water lapping up around his ankles and he sighs, thuds his head heavily against the wall. Of course he’d pick the one blocked fucking shower in the entire bunker. He leans down to try and unplug the mess, and notices that the water has a pinkish red tinge.
Cas rolls his eyes, carves more lines across Sam’s face in short, sharp slashes. When he’s done he takes Sam’s fingers, trails them over the wounds so that he can feel the shape of them.
“Okay wiseass. C’mon Charlie, do your laptop thing.”
“I know.”
Rowena whistles her approval, the other demon dead at her feet.
Cas approaches more awkwardly this time, grasps the bedsheets and wraps them around his hands, touches Dean again. It still hurts, but it’s bearable. He reaches out to Dean with his grace, and he is stopped. There’s a wall, a barrier of some kind – thornlike but with that incredible heat coming off it.
“Little Big Planet 3. It’s super multiplayer so even Liam and Noel Gallagher over there will be able to jump in when they’re done arguing.”
“Oh ye of little faith. They’ve got his description and a warning about biological weapons, and to under no circumstances engage. Because man, this guy is twitchy and volatile, and at the first sign of trouble he’ll drop a can of smallpox on the town that’ll wipe the population out quick sharp.”
It’s easier to be calm out here, somehow. All of the iron clad safety of the bunker’s numerous wards and sigils with none of the claustrophobia, perhaps. The noise helps, too. The bunker is full of background noise, true, but it’s not quite as comforting as this. Birds and rustling leaves, distant cars on the highway and the laboured grunts of Charlie and Dean as they dig out the ground and do battle with nature.
“Right no, who the fuck is this British prick?”
And maybe he itches with inactivity and coiled tension the entire time it takes Charlie to shower and caffeinate, maybe he paces, pulls at his hangnails until they bleed and picks at a loose thread in his jacket until it tries to unravel, but he waits. Doesn’t even yell at her to hurry up.
Dean’s voice, though, carries. Oh, it fucking carries.
Cas looks at Dean, so serious and sad. “If I could rip apart the universe and rewrite it so that you didn’t have to suffer, I would. I would have long ago.”
“But while you’re up...” Charlie says hopefully.
“And Sam?”
“Here too.”
“Last one turned out all right. Hey, got Sammy back, met Cas ‘cause of it. Maybe I can use one to get him back, too.”
“Why thanks, Cas.” Dean winks, waggles his eyebrows.
”Can you tell me?”
“He chose you over a return to the host. This is the consequence. You are not allowed to break down, or go off the rails. You have to stay here, and you have to look after him.”
Dean draws in a long, slow breath.
He looks so fucking perturbed that they burst out laughing even as they wander over and help him to his feet.
Dean nods. Yeah, he knows he deserves this, isn’t even going to try and wriggle out of it.
He makes up a plate for Sam, heaped with a little bit of everything and goes to set it down outside his door – only to find that last night’s food is still there, moved, but not a bite taken.
“Crowley showed me that contract. I think you breaking the world because you miss Cas is my fucking business.”
“He’s still alive, isn’t he?”
Even thinking the fucking word makes Dean nauseous, churning up his insides. He can taste bile on his tongue. Has to bite down hard to stop it spewing out.
He decides for honesty. “I was thinking about how hard it would be to make a quick getaway if we were in a line of cars, in one of the dangerous animal enclosures with an airlock gate.”
He can’t see Dean at first, and then he spots him on the floor, empty whiskey bottle at his side.
He glances behind just in time to see Hannah wink out of existence and re-appear next to the ginger one. Excellent, that gives him a chance to put a bit of distance between them, wait around a corner and run Hannah through when she comes charging around again.
“You’ve finished beating up the ground and now you’ve moved onto your tools?” Cas suggests.
“Just what?” Cas’s hackles are going up and no, he’s getting the wrong impression. It’s not that Dean doesn’t think he’s capable of making a simple meal. Okay, yeah he’s a little nervous about Cas hurting himself, but he knows better than to try and stop Cas just because of that.
“I know the rules. I’ve never played, though.”
“Have you tried, um, touching
“Yeah, but it’s supposed to have like the best whiskey ever. One drink, one drink and then if we don’t like it we can hightail.”
And that thought leads to other, darker, more treacherous waters as Cas tries not to ponder the ethics of making sure Dean never finds out the truth behind all this. Because what he’d do and what Dean would want him to do are two very different things, and the only thing that would make him glad to betray Dean like that, would be a chance at keeping Dean happy.
“Yeah. I know, but…” He tries to sort his thoughts into something coherent, an explanation of why he’s suspicious, but he can’t. Instead he asks a question that he’s fucking dreading the answer to. “Would Lucifer still have his wings?”
It takes Dean a moment, and then he swears, punches the steering wheel.
“Well, yeah. I dropped the bowl, spilled half the ingredients. I replaced them, but I forgot to spell the new ones.”
“Dean?” Cas sounds worried.
Cas only just jerks out of the way in time.
“Yeah, well, there’s nothing I can say to follow that.”
“You okay?” Sam asks, dumbly.
He waves a hand over the spell, watches it gutter and spark, wonders how long until his victim breaks. It can't be long. Can’t be long before he’s rubble on the floor, ready for Crowley to swoop in and reform into whatever shape he so desires.
“Well that was fucking useless.” Dean groans when they’re out of hearing range.
“You’re King of Hell. Change the rules.” Dean spits.
God, he fucking misses him.
“Trailer?”
“Where is Castiel?”
And then the woman’s phone starts to ring. She answers it, listens grimly for a bit, and then hangs up with a sigh.
Cas pinches one of his bruises.
“Dean. Are you okay?” Benny shifts his hand subtly to his belt.
“This is his fault.”
“Yeah, well. Keep the ball in your hand maybe? That way it’ll still be able to take the damage for you.”
“Yeah, I think he’s got enough fucking problems of his own to deal with right now, I’m not gonna throw my pathetic fucking loneliness onto that pile as well."
Dean doesn’t voice this though, because it’s too much like a sincere emotion for this time, for this fucking situation.
“I’ve put together a whole regime. Hang on.” He darts back to his room, comes back with a thin folder. “Stuff to help build your strength back up. I talked to Jody and Donna, combed through some journals – did you know you can just email the authors of papers and they’ll send you them FOR FREE? Anyway, this is the most comprehensive thing I could pull together, and it might not be easy, and it’ll definitely take time, but—”
“I didn’t, actually. Even though I was the one who researched this trip and booked the boat and all.” Dean snipes back.
“That’s not true—” Charlie starts to say.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You could have asked.”
Dean grins at him. “That’ll be the chillies.”
There’s a thick smell of blood in the air, heavy and cloying. Dean was right; he’s used to having senses far stronger; when he was an angel he’d be able to smell this from three blocks away. Of course, when he was an angel he could just ignore it. Now he has to breathe through his mouth to avoid throwing up.
“Hey, Dean?” Charlie asks.
“Yes, sweetie.”
“Since we had a homicidal angel tied up in the basement.”
Everyone seems to forget that it was Sam who looked after Cas when he was at his worst. When he couldn’t even eat without throwing up, when he was barely even a person, just a desperate, terrified skeleton screaming for drugs or death or just goddamn something to make this all go away.
Dean gets out of the car and opens the rear passenger door for Cas, which earns him a whistle from Charlie, which turns into a shouted, “Oi, don’t we get popcorn”. Cas ignores her, reaches for Dean’s hand and uses it to pull himself out of the car, doesn’t let go.
“Of course.”
Dean can’t hold it in any longer.
She sees understanding spark in Dean’s eye long before he lets on. God, whoever told that young boy that he wasn’t smart – whoever made him think of himself as a grunt first, a body to be thrown in front of a bullet second, and nothing of any great importance third – she’s hopes they’re rotting in a far too shallow fucking grave.
Until he got an upgrade, of course. And these hands he doesn’t treat quite as well. The difference between a custom order and something you nicked off the street. Sure, your stolen property might have more value, but you’ll never love it as much as something that was built with you perfectly in mind.
“Yes.”
“Painful, buddy. I was going for painful.”
“I’m here, Dean.”
“What’s going on, Cas?”
“Hey, hey. Cool it.”
“I’m wounded, brother.”
“You let him grieve like he has to. Let him sleep all day if that’s what he needs. Let him drink – not enough to repeat, y’know. Don’t let him go that far, but don’t force him. He’ll kick back, drown himself to spite you.”
“FUCK!” He punches the wall of the shower hard enough that he’s gonna feel it later, but that’s fine, more than goddamn fine actually. Yeah it would’ve been nice to have Cas actually there, but this is a decent second. A very decent second.
He also knows that this procedure will kill him. This isn’t a straightforward draining of grace, slit his throat, catch what leaks out and leave him human. Purgatory wants it all, will scour him to atoms trying to sift it out. Total annihilation, and if that leaves no witness to get in its way, well, so much the better.
“I’m sorry for what I said, Dean. I didn’t mean it I was just...” He trails off, able to grasp the word he wants but somehow not able to force it past his teeth.
“I didn’t want to contact you until I had something concrete about Amara.”
He’s joined a few moments later by Sarah and Cas.
“No?”
His mom’s photograph.
Cas turns back, and there are blue sparks dancing behind his eyes. As their gaze meets, Dean’s mind suddenly fills with colour. Green and red and blue, all twisting and writhing in a neon mess. The forest’s grip on him, the uncertainty and doubt it’d been sowing in his mind waver, fade away.
Cas shrugs. “Sometimes it can be confusing – I don’t have context.”
“S’not the only one.” Dean doesn’t know whether he’s talking about his phone, or himself.
“Yeah. That, that was some pretty fucked up shit.”
“Cas?” Sam’s voice is sleep fuzzy.
Dean’s phone alarm buzzes and yells in his pocket, doesn’t wake him. It wakes Sam though, and he rises, stretches and nudges Dean with a foot. He still doesn’t stir.
He carries on until he reaches a gap in the crates, crouches down and counts to thirty. Nothing happens so he counts again. Still nothing. There hasn’t been any sign of struggle, no scuffling noises or cries of alarm. What the fuck is Dean doing?
“Did you dry swallow them?”
“Purgatory is older than both of those realms combined. It’s the cage God created for the leviathan, and you doubt its strength?” Cas asks.
She doesn’t say much to them after that, processing their money, getting their signatures, and taking a significant damage deposit.
“I know, it’s just. Fuck. We’re here and we’re searching, and…” He trails off.
Dean doesn’t answer, pointedly turns his back.
Simplest one being, flinching at salt like that wouldn’t be an overreaction if you were a demon.
She decides to pick off Dean first. He’s the weak link, and the one she knows better. Unfortunately he’s not been in a talkative mood for the last, hmm, forever. Every time she tries to bring it up – subtly or unsubtly, his response is the same. He either tells her to fuck off or he just gets up and leaves. Not that she’s gonna let that stop her, she’s just gonna have to get creative.
“What is going on here?” Sam asks, at once worried for his friend but also annoyed that he appears to be the only one who doesn’t know what’s happening.
“Understand what?” Dean’s getting a little frantic now. He hasn’t the faintest idea what Cas is talking about. He runs over what he said. All he can remember is something about how he doesn’t think Sam would say yes – nothing big, or controversial. The only thing he can think is maybe Cas is upset because he disagreed with him? That doesn’t seem like Cas – and even if he’d had a fucking personality transplant and suddenly that was a thing, this is a massive overreaction by anyone’s standards.
