“I didn’t mean…” He stopped, dropped his chin. “He wanted to kill Bucky.”
The doors swished open on Tony’s floor and Steve stepped out, searching for Tony. He found him almost immediately, leaning against the huge windows overlooking the city.
“Where are those two so-called friends of mine?” he asked F.R.I.D.A.Y.
“I’m flying blind here,” he said as he made his way to the chair. “I have no idea what I’m supposed to do.”
but that wasn't the point. He tried to remember the point he'd been trying to make. And gave up. His brain was a rat's nest of crazy right now.
He took a deep breath. “Steve and I had a chat outside. We are going to try to learn how to trust each other again. It sucks that we took sides, but at the end of the day, Fury created the Avengers to save the world. So, no matter how I feel about each of you personally, I will do my job.” He looked around the table. “Next?”
Steve dropped his face into Tony’s neck, shaking with laughter. The movement gave Tony a few extra tingles as his body adjusted to the intrusion.
“Oh really?” Sam leaned forward, keenly interested. “So not always the Boy Scout he pretends to be, huh?” He smirked at Steve’s frown.
“Uh, seems like I just… started something,” Peter babbled, crawling away from them slowly. “I think I’m gonna go and try to stop Rhino for blowing up the city but I’m just one guy so… if you could hurry up with resolving this, that’d be great.”
Peter shakes his head again. “I can’t. What if he...”
Steve’s here, for both his sake and Peter’s.
“Peter,” Steve says, pushing through his own worry with brutal force. “Do you know what happened?”
, not dead, for all we know, he’s still in there,
“What happened.”
Tony feels a headache building behind his temple. “Steve,” he says calmly. “If you continue to try to avoid getting near me we’re gonna have a problem in the next few hours.”
“I didn’t like the USO shows either.” Steve sounds resigned, almost depressed. “But it know it’s important for me to show up. If it’s for charity, you know.”
“Hey, look at me.’’ Tony gently placed a hand under Steve’s chin to tilt his head up. „Do you want to go down to your floor, or not?’’
“Don’t,” Steve warns her. “He’s in a
He does feel uneasy, mostly because of all the unresolved emotional issues between them, but he doesn’t feel scared. And he’s
Tony smiles. “Better than I did on the stairs.”
From now on, he could only hope they would somehow come out together on the other end.
“I do feel the same way,” he whispered.
“No, I do.” Steve sighs. “Never mind.”
They get Rhodey off the hook by promising Ross that he’ll be there to keep the citizens in line. It’s a lie, and they both know it, but by now, they’re simply trying to get back to the compound in peace.
He fires everything he’s got, and it blows up right between him and the Titan.
“I don’t,’’ Steve whispered, enthralled by the piercing, unashamed look in Tony’s eyes.
“Did you...?”
Tony won’t wake up.
Tony’s eyes are closed, his face ashen. He’s breathing peacefully.
Tony sighed. It was, apparently, well and truly too late.
Tony’s not scared, because of him.
the one who -
She raised her eyebrows and Tony bit his lip. He was still tired and felt helpless and exposed. He avoided her gaze and stared at the steam coming up from his mug.
Natasha tilted her head when he sat down opposite her. “Steve?” She asked, with a frightening amount of certainty.
Steve shakes his head and raises his hand to lightly caress Tony’s cheek. “I am just as happy out here as you are. If anything, it should’ve been me who starts picking up animals from the streets.”
The hours before, Steve stays at Tony’s side, just like he would do the first weeks after. He washes him and talks to him, explains what’s going to happen and why.
“Get back to the couch Tony.” Steve’s voice was tight, as if hold together by a vise.
The nurses let him, but Steve knows how they look at him when they think he can’t see: with a horrible mixture of pity and worry. Steve knows what they think, and they’re right; Tony’s care takes all of his time and energy; he hasn’t even been to movie nights or team training. And more often than not, he forgets to feed and bathe
Finally, a hesitant smile spread across Steve’s face. “If it’s no bother for you, I’d really like that.”
Tony didn’t have to turn and look to know that Steve was already on his way to buying one. “Steve,” Tony said amusedly. “Don’t you already have several of these?”
. They go out to eat in the evening, back to that small, Italian restaurant in which Steve had asked Tony to marry him.
Tony swallowed, tried to find words, but his throat constricted and he couldn't say any of them.
Gradually, Tony’s breathing levels and he stops shivering.
In real life, Tony gets out of breath easily while walking up the stairs, his heart starts beating too quickly and he has to sit down for a while. Steve then wonders how often Tony hid that from him, and feels like throwing up.
“Yeah,” Tony rasps.
, not really.” Tony’s hand has started shaking again. He lets it. “I didn’t sleep, I drank, I barely made it outside. I think Peter was more taking care of me than the other way ‘round. I’m no father for him.”
Steve whips around to stare at him. “What?”
“He’s busy, baby. Nothing to worry about.”
“Okay,” Peter said quickly. “I’m gonna … leave. Yeah.”
The whole left half of Tony’s suit has been ripped off, and there’s blood all over what’s left of it. Tony’s fave is pale and unmoving.
Peter’s watching him wearily from the bed when he dumps all his supplies on the bedside table.
(Okay, what?)
“Uh-huh,” Peter slurs, but Tony doubts he really understands what’s happening around him.
“Certainly, yes. It’s time the public recognizes them for what they really are. A security risk, not a savior.”
Steve frowns. “The kid?”
So he sits there, and
Hammer stood up straighter. “See, I have plans for some sound suppressors Hammer Industries is currently lacking the funds for, but -”
Luckily, Steve didn’t even notice. His eyes were shining with joyous excitement, and it lightened up his whole face. “Lets go sledding!”
Which would be Tony’s preferred plan of action, but he has a splitting headache and his stomach seems to be twisting in all sorts of possible directions.
Dummy comes back, clutching a broom firmly in his claw. Then he starts to mop the broken pieces into a pile.
“Tony’s going to be okay. If there’s anywhere they could save him, it’s here.”
“Good,” Rhodey says casually. “Because if you don’t, I might have to hide a body.”
Yeah.
(And boy did they fall.)
He’s unconscious before even touching the ground.
Who were now both staring at him incredulously.
him to. Even so, the suit is dented and even partially torn off. Steve fumbles for the emergency release hatch and the suit falls away from Tony’s body, save for a part that’s stuck in his upper leg.
Tony breathes in deeply. “I know.”
Before he was even fully aware of what he was doing, he was halfway across the room, standing between Tony and that Alpha.
“Hey, look,” Steve said a while later, nudging his shoulder to show him an old man selling a bunch of knitted hats.
Thankfully, he had no trouble finding a dance partner. Before he’d even crossed the dining room hall, a young woman caught him by the arm and brazenly asked him to a dance.
Tony stares at him. “What?”
Steve blinked and stared at him, probably wondering in what kind of weird dream he’d ended up in.
“No need to thank me,” Steve says. “I know you probably didn’t want to see me...”
“You hurt him,” Peter says accusingly.
Steve watches him wander around in the kitchen, and hates the fact that he knows all too well what Tony’s searching for. He’s supposed to be over this.
“What crawled up your ass and died?” Clint asked, raising an amused eyebrow.
“I love you, Tony. Will you marry me?”
But Tony sighs and murmurs, “I don’t deserve you, you know?”
Because after Siberia, there was no doubt in his mind he and Steve were over. And now, now, with the way Steve had avoided his eyes...
Tony says nothing, because there’s no use in lying now. There’s no way they’ll both come back from this.
His heart clenches painfully, ripping through the regret and self-hate like a knife.
And then, Tony falls. It happens so fast Steve doesn’t even know
Hammer spread his hands. “I think we could both profit from this. Hammer Industries will get the funding it needs and your company will get back on the right track.”
Silently, Steve asks himself the same question. He knows Tony accepted the accords because he wanted accountability to his actions, not because he held any particular sympathies for the secretary. But he’s never really thought about how it must’ve been for Tony, to work with a man who thought of him as nothing better than a vigilante with a staggering death toll on his account.
“Hey buddy,” he says, grinning. “What accident did you get in?”
“And then you’re gonna get some rest as well,” Bucky says sternly. “You’re no help to Tony like this.”
Tony frowned. “Why? I thought you didn’t like these.”
Steve laughs brokenly. “Yeah. I really did.”
To his surprise, Tony laughs. “Poor woman probably still has palpitations from trying to fix me.”
(Almost an hour.)
Steve’s brow furrows. “You were on his planet, right?”
“Steve!” He sways on his feet. “What, why are you...”
It gets better.
“Don’t. You haven’t seen me,
And just like that, Tony’s lost for words.
“Doesn’t mean we need a seven foot tall tree next to the entrance,” Tony grumbled.
Tony sucked in a breath, and tried to remind his stupid, racing heart that Steve was high up to his ears. “You know, Steve, maybe you should just stop talking. Your future self would be very grateful for that, believe me.”
!” Tears ran down his face and then Cooper and Lila hurled themselves at him, little fingers finding the ticklish spots on his torso that sent him squirming and gasping.
” Jörmungandr said with a dismissive wave. “
““Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.”” Bruce watched Vision with a devastation in his face that hurt Tony to look at. “Albert Einstein knew what he was talking about.”
Tony smirked. “Did that hurt?” he asked.
“Yes,” Tony said with a hiccoughing laugh.
“I told Steve and Bucky!” Tony protested. “And Pepper knew too!”
“You’re the only one I’ve told,” Clint said, throat sounding closed. “Not even Nat.”
Her smile turned a little sad. “Sometimes love really isn’t enough, Tony. Perhaps that’s something you need to remember when Steve and the others get here.”
“I'll meet you there.” War Machine hit thrusters and surged forward.
“Thanks for not killing me.” This was said softly, as though Bucky wasn’t sure it was okay to thank him for that.
“It’s like Uncle Tony,” Cooper explained with the authority of the old. “Cos he wears fancy clothes.” He looked over at Barnes who was shaking a little. “Right?”
“And a half,” Tony agreed. “All done,” he told Bucky. “Don’t fuck it up again.”
“I think that would be a better option,” Natasha agreed. “Protecting humanity is our primary objective, right?” She raised an eyebrow at Steve.
Thor and Loki exchanged glances that made Steve feel uneasy. “We could ask Heimdall to locate him for our endeavor,” Thor said.
Steve snorted. As he was kissing Tony, it was a surprisingly gross experience. Tony shoved at his shoulder. “At the risk of sounding like a six year-old, ew.”
“He would have thought I was choosing Bucky over hi…, the team.”  Steve stumbled a little but he doubted that Bruce missed it.
“Don’t fuck up,” Billie ordered.
Bucky’s mouth went tight and Bruce’s eyes glowed a startling green. Steve hurried on, “She told me that no matter how bad things were, the darkest hour has only sixty minutes.” He smiled. “So it would pass.”
They walked towards the science department. Tony was in his final year of his third doctorate. He’d arrived at Harvard at fourteen and decided to never leave. Of course this year was the year that Pepper, Rhodey and Jarvis graduated. Tony didn’t know if he was going to stay when they were gone.
” He grimaced. “Well, fuck.”
“Indeed, Captain.” F.R.I.D.A.Y.’s soft agreement wasn’t helping.
Steve stared at Natasha. He didn't know what he was feeling right now. Part of him wanted to call Vision back and demand to know Tony's whereabouts. The other part, the part sitting next to Bucky in the Quinjet, wanted to do this the long way around.
oh lord. still sick. but thanks for sticking with me.
“The Winter Soldier did that.” Tony met Barnes’ dark blue eyes. “You’re not him anymore, are you?”
“Okay, that’s enough,’’ Tony said sternly, gently tugging Steve backwards by his hand. “Why don’t we all take a break, huh?’’
“Peter?” He asks gently.
He wishes he could stretch out these last ours, make them last forever. Create a bubble in which only the two of them exist.
“You should get out of your wet clothes and under the blankets,” Steve said.
He should’ve known better than to get drunk.
Steve’s been at this point way too often. And he knows Shuri wouldn’t ask them to leave unless the circumstances are critical enough to demand it.
Tony frowned. He’d only just realised that. Why had he said it out loud again?
Steve runs as soon as he realises what’s happening. He doesn't know how or why, only that one of his biggest nightmares have come true and the very thing that’s supposed to protect Tony has turned into a deadly trap.
Finally, Tony pushes his shoulders back and cold determination bleeds into his expression.
Steve smiles at him. “It is. I’ve missed this.”
It barely rings once, and then Tony’s hearing Steve’s voice, right next to his ear.
Tony blinks. “What?”
It doesn’t go well.
Steve’s heart lurches; his stomach rebels against the horrifying images that sound produces in his mind. As he’s calling for MedEvac, his eyes never waver from the red and gold heap of scraps on the ground.
Steve doesn't move, doesn't say anything. He’s afraid he’ll call the whole thing off if he does.
Once Shuri has left, he tentatively stands next to Peter and lays a hand on his shoulder to alert him of Steve’s presence.
“You’re never gonna let me forget that, are you?” Steve asked sometime later.
Steve was still confused, but Tony was staring at him with so much hope in his eyes that he couldn’t say no.
Steve though had to pack everything for the first time. Naturally, being Steve, he just took his single duffel bag from the backseat and followed Tony up to the cabin.
Pepper didn't answer. Her silence was so pointed, it effortlessly succeeded in making him feel guilty for his evasive answer.
, I shouldn’t’ve let him leave.”
“Yeah. So what?”
As time progressed, he kept thinking about the night of Tony’s last birthday.
Tony’s standing next to his workbench. His hands are clinging tightly to its edges, and Steve can see him breathing shallowly.
Time trickles by, and it could’ve been the next day for all Steve knew, when the door opens again. Shuri slides inside the room and begins to check on the readings displayed on the wall.
Steve doesn’t look at that. It’s not like he would understand any of it.
It shouldn't be surprising, what with the many hours Bruce and Tony spent working side by side. Steve finds himself leaning towards the comfort of Bruce’s understanding.
Steve, in all fairness, has stopped radiating discomfort and is now acting like nothing ever happened.
“Steve.” Tony felt his breathing quicken.
Next to him, Peter is shaking. The tears have stopped about half an hour ago, but that doesn’t fool Steve into thinking he’s okay.
When Tony asked him on a date, he was terrified. Except for some awkward arrangements Bucky had made, he’d never been on a proper date. He had no idea what the rules were, if he even was allowed to touch Tony.
“But I smelled it,” Tony argued.
He pressed the button.
It’s been better, ever since Steve took him home from the shelter. Whenever lonely evenings stretch into the night, his dog is he only thing keeping away the horrible loneliness.
Steve’s fingers rub soothing circles on his back. “The guy from Queens?”
“Tony?”
Bruce enters the room, just as he responds, “It doesn’t matter. I’m going after him.”
“If you say so.” She didn't sound at all convinced, but didn't press, and he was grateful for that. She hadn't pressed either, when she'd found him, crying in the workshop of his Malibu mansion a year ago. He’d told her that it as over between him and Steve, and that had been that. She’d spent a week at his side, making sure he didn't forego eating and sleeping, be it accidentally or on purpose.
Tony huffed and stared at Steve’s shoulder, mourning the fact that he couldn't use it as a pillow, as for some reason Steve’d decided to sit too far away from him.
Something sharp wedges itself into Steve’s heart, because while he might not know what Tony’s talking about, he does understand the severity of the pain that’s so raw in his voice. “Tony -“
“Dad?”
“Yeah. Yeah, it... He was pretty upset when he came home earlier.”
It was the second week of December; northern states like Mishigan were already covered in beautiful, pristine white snow. In the midst of New York though, all they got was a wet, squishy mud that probably would’ve resembled snow if not for all the filth of the city. It was disgusting, quite frankly. And if that wasn’t enough, the day of his mother’s death was approaching far too quickly.
It’s an invisible thing, that can hide from Steve’s eye and it doesn’t give a shit that Tony doesn’t deserve this.
It’s ironic, really, that this is the ending neither of them even dreamed of having, because it seemed too unrealistic to hope for, but now it hurts that much more.
“Don’t,” Tony chokes out.
(It feels like a giant bubble, ready to burst.)
“Steve’s fine,” Steve says, and his voice almost breaks. “I’ve heard a lot about you.”
Oh, and his ass hurts.
Tony flinches, clenches his left hand into a fist. He shouldn’t be surprised, he
Steve shakes his head. “I didn’t mean physically.”
Just a few seconds later, the ambulance barrels around the corner.
But one question prevails all;
He took a heaving breath.
Tony stared at him, blankly, for a few seconds.
Steve made lasagna. When Tony resurfaced from the workshop a few hours later, still feeling a bit embarrassed by himself, a delicious smell was floating through the cabin.
He still vows to make everything right again, and feels more like a hypocrite than during his days as Captain America the actor.
Tony stares at him, and that’s when Steve suddenly gets up from his chair, makes a step towards Tony and takes both of his calloused hands in his.
He heard Steve approach in the hallway and wiggled out of the covers, sitting up properly. Steve still had that hesitant, hopeful smile on his face. In his hands, he held the sketchbook Tony’d gotten him for Christmas last year. (Before Steve’d given him the dog tags.)
Bruce smiles. “I know. But we’re still here for you, you know.”
Steve flinches and the old guilt once again settles in his chest. “Can we please not do this? I haven’t seen you in so long.”
Steve gasped in response, his hands tightened around Tony and held him still. “Tony- ”
Sometimes, Tony looks at him and there’s pity in his eyes.
As soon as he sees fit, Steve dismisses his new team (if one could even call it a team) and goes after Tony.
There was another menacing boom in the distance.
with me, Steve? Look at me, I can’t even take care of Peter without ...” He makes a gesture, pointing vaguely at himself.
“Tony knows he’s important to you,” Steve says softly.
It was weird; the room wasn’t
“Oh man, thank god you guys were here,” the young hero said, visibly out of breath. “I think Rhino got some sort of upgrade and now he’s shooting rockets at me.”
When awareness slowly came back to Tony the next morning, the first thing he noticed was that his mattress was moving.
As soon as he sees Peter and Tony in the bed, his face pales, but he hovers in the doorway, as if unsure of what to do.
When he pushes the door to his son’s room open after knocking gets him no response, the only thing he sees is a vague lump on the bed and Tony realizes he shouldn’t have waited so long.
“As far as Ross knows, you’re still missing. Let me go talk to him.”
It’s spoken with the innocent hope of a child asking for their parent.
Steve stared at it.
Steve lets his hands drop to his lap, but can’t quite bring himself to look at Tony.
“It’s been seven hours,” is the first thing he says.
“Obviously,” she says. “What’s going on between you and Tony, anyway?”
Steve smiles, even as his heart grows heavy and sullen. An outsider would probably scoff - Tony Stark,
Tony frowns.
He didn't answer. She sighed and he heard her steps retreating as she left the kitchen.
Steve sighs, wishing to revel in the lazy warmth of their bed a bit longer, and follows his partner.
and let him near
Steve wondered if that was still the case, and his lungs constricted even more at the thought of Tony suffering through this.
to Tony Stark in his life, and he always got back up and said
For example, the fact that he’d never really gotten over it, and that he sat there every year waiting for the clock to strike midnight.
Tony sits down on a stool next to his workbench.
“I miss you too,” Steve whispers.
Steve feels strangely nostalgic. His mind involuntarily wanders back to a year ago, when the Accords were looming but still far enough away to grant the team a relaxed evening together.
But, Steve’s in the kitchen.
Steve just shook his head. “Just, last night, you…”
Feeling like his body somehow detached itself from his brain, he sits up. There’s no dizziness or pain, so he leaves his bed and kind of aimlessly wanders around the laboratory, until a young woman takes notice of him.
But then, his husband reaches out for him.
It slowly heaved up and down with a rhythm that almost sent Tony back to sleep, if not for the sudden realization that mattresses should not be doing that.
It came out on exactly the right tone - flippant, uncaring.
“Fine.” He sighs. “I’m gonna get him out of here.”
Natasha intercepts him in the hallway, as if she was waiting for him to show up there. Which she probably
“I’m so sorry I crashed your date, I was gonna go to Avengers tower to get help, I swear, but it’s so far away, and the longer we wait the more damage -”
Tony presses himself against him, his lips barely touching the skin of his neck.
Tony’s jaw tenses. “You still left us. Both of us. I can’t just ignore that.”
“Let’s continue this conversation,” Tony said, “After we put Rhino in jail.”
“It’s a telescope,” Tony said quickly, before Steve could even ask. “I thought you’d like to see how Brooklyn’s changed.”
Stark made a dismissive gesture with his hand. “Oh please. As if anyone can make me do anything.’’
“I know right?” Tony answered casually. “It’s totally reasonable!”
Steve didn't want to take a break. He wanted to punch that Alpha in the face. But Tony’s tugging got more insistent, and the thought of Tony needing him was what made him get out of that headspace.
Dating Tony meant being in a constant state of worry. And Tony certainly didn't make it easy. He didn't want to be protected. He wouldn't change just because they were dating, he made that clear for Steve at the very start.
Which isn’t what he expected.
Wanda and Sam went without him even being there.
“No,’’ Steve replied, maybe a bit too quickly.
“It’s not his fault,” Tony said numbly.
, but Steve smiles at him as if he’s bared his entire heart.
He wakes up a couple of days later, with Peter and Steve by his side.
Tony raises his eyebrows. “And yet, you’re the one crying in your living room.”
He ran right into Clint, who gave him a weird look.
“It’s Peter.”
every time, but his pride wouldn’t let him. He just trotted after Steve and wallowed in his misery.
(And it hurts just that much more.)
Tony sighs. “In here, buddy.”
“I noticed I never really saw him go to sleep. And he told me, he told me he couldn’t close his eyes without seeing-”
His eyes travel from Tony to Steve and back, but he doesn’t comment on the strained mood between them and simply starts to explain what he’s found.
The pressure on Tony’s brain goes down just two hours before it would have been critical.
“Because I wanted to show you that I meant it.” Steve’s voice was quiet. “Why did you leave?”
“I thought we weren’t going to do this,” Tony says.
Steve breathed in the calming Omega pheromones and felt himself relax on instinct.
Steve knows Tony is trying to push him away.
“We have to keep going until they’ve got the stones,” he tells Natasha, because he’s not thinking about the
Tony turned to look at him, slowly. “Excuse me? You’ve never heard of everyone’s favorite Christmas-hating green goblin?”
There’s a reason after all, that he hasn’t seen Steve since the official pardon.
“Yes,” Steve says without hesitation.
The thought comes to Tony as natural as breathing.
The teenager’s head snaps up, as if he wasn’t even aware Steve’s still sitting next to him.
He hears Tony’s smile in his voice. “So what you’re saying is you fucked up.”
On a whim, Tony decided to already get the movie going; he was almost never eating without doing something else on the side anyway, and he really wanted to avoid the awkward silence that would undoubtedly follow.
Steve tells the doctors as much, and their pitying stare follows him out the door.
“I meant to talk, Tony.”
The silence is heavy and thick, and Steve wants to be mad at Tony, but he can’t. He’s been with him for too long. The only thing he’s able to feel is sadness.
“I’ve never used that thing,” Tony blurted.
“No,’’ Steve said, smiling at where their hands were intertwined on the table. It surprised him how true it was. He was still nervous, yes, but this felt like exactly where he was supposed to be.
“But we haven’t opened any presents yet,” Peter finishes. “I thought you’d want to be here for that.”
Tony frowns. “Really? I thought your relationship was better than that.”
“Thank you,” Steve says warmly.
Tony’s second clue actually arrived in the form of an overly enthusiastic Clint Barton.
Steve does his level best to glare at him. “I haven’t seen you in years. I just -”
Steve inhaled sharply. “I- Yeah. Please, Tony.”
“Your father,” Tony clarifies. “Did he say anything to you? Do I need to punch him?”
Tony turned and raised an eyebrow at him. “Why yes of course. I’m always okay.”
And was violently shoved backwards.
“He overheard some things that he shouldn’t have,” he says quietly.
“Good luck, fearless leader,” Thor told him earnestly.
Steve hasn’t seen Tony since he followed him down to the lab.
Suddenly, Tony’s insistence to go back to Washington seemed a lot more concerning to him.
But there’s nobody there to stop him anymore, except for Peter, and Tony knows he can’t put that on him, so he permanently restricted his access to the lab.
Tony grins and takes him to the dance floor with the practiced ease of someone who’s done this a hundred times and counting.
Also, his entire body feels like he’s run a mile.
Tony had hoped Steve’s condition was showing signs of getting better by now, but apparently it wouldn’t be that easy.
A mangled version of Steve’s name escaped his lips and broke their kiss. Steve’s cheeks were colored a lovely shade of pink, and his breath tickled Tony’s chin, rough and fast.
Natasha cuts in, “none of us would ever
“If that’s true,” Natasha said mildly, “it’s on you to change it.”
“Peter,” Steve cuts in, gently, steadily. “We brought everyone back. You’re alive.”
He refuses to look at the clock.
Steve smiles sadly. “Yeah. We shouldn’t have...” He trails off, which Tony is immensely grateful for. There’s way too many
Tony barely looks at the woman, never mind giving her a chance to reply. He simply slides a hand onto Steve’s arm and drags him away.
“Tony? What’s going on?”
“If they need backup, they’ll say so,” she says with the calm assurance one needs to have to rely on teammates.
He can barely see his face with the way Peter is clinging to him, but he does feel his shaking.
Bruce leans against his workbench. “I’ve seen Steve head to the training room earlier.” He watches Tony cautiously. “He seemed distressed.”
“You don’t understand,” Tony muttered darkly.
Steve rubbed gentle circles over the skin on Tony’s neck. “I know you have your issues. I wouldn't want you any other way.”
He feels Tony relax under his hand and smiles.
He takes a stack of papers and photos from one of the lower drawers. He doesn't even know if Tony knew that Steve was aware of his little collection, since Steve never mentioned it.
“Yeah,” he finally murmurs. “Me too, I mean, Tony always-“
As it turned out, the only thing that was open on he 25th of December was a Christmas market two towns over.
“No,” Tony cuts him off. “You listen. I don’t care what you all think about me, you cannot let Peter hear any of that, you hear me? He’s been suffering enough.”
Tony’s brain immediately goes
Tony lost his slim chance of friendship too.
The lump shivers then moves slightly until Peter’s head is poking out of the blankets.
Tony raises his eyebrows. “I hate to say it, but you’re not exactly setting a shiny example here.”
He tries to cut Steve off, but the latter holds up a hand and barrels right on. “Now, you shouldn’t have been drinking. Especially not with Peter around. But I’m not doubting you, or your ability to be a father for him.”
The reply was perfectly polite, but it wasn’t hard to tell that Steve wasn’t in the mood for small talk.
“The sheep okay?”
Slowly, the alcohol entering his system does its trick. Tony feels it settle warm in his stomach, feels it travel through his body, make his limbs lighter and his head disconnect from his body.
“You suck,” he told them.
Steve nodded. “You can tell us while you eat,” he said. “Come on, everyone’s waiting upstairs.”
Bucky shrugged. “It’s who you are, Stevie. You give yourself completely. It’s not a bad thing.”
the problem, scaring the bejeesus out of Steve. He still had nightmares about a tear in the universe closing, and just before the dark disappeared, a shining red and gold missile dropping to the earth like a stone. Falling, falling, fall...
“Fine,” Tony croaked.
“What’s wrong?” Steve asked, immediately concerned.
So did Tony, but she was letting him off lightly. “I’ll be gone before you get home,” he told her.
“Go ahead, J.”
Loki put a hand to his forehead like some Victorian maiden with the vapors. “I don’t know how you can stand being around such stupidity all day, brother.”
“What?” Tony asked, forcing his gaze away from Steve.
“You need better locks,” Natasha agreed, leaning against the bar and sipping at a green concoction in a martini glass.
“I’m going to kill him,” he asserted.
He ran something that looked like the scanner used at airports to check for metal objects over Bucky’s head. There was no sound. “That’s good,’ he said. “Not picking up any nanite activity. Looks like the gamma-knife worked.”
“You kiss your mama with that mouth?” Bucky asked.
He waited, hopeful despite his own beliefs. When nothing came, he sighed. “Wherever you are, I hope you’re happy, Cap. I sure am not.”
Steve managed not to wince too much when Tony limped up the stairs. “Test run went well?” he asked, allowing a tiny bit of his concern to creep into his voice.
Rhodey looked down his nose at him. “Because this gorgeous piece of chocolaty goodness has higher standards than the Whore King of MIT.”
“I’m serious!” Steve shouted. “Stop it right the fuck away.”
It was a small enough noise, but one that Steve was evidently waiting for because then he went to town. Tony just hung on for the ride, his orgasm building and building as Steve steadily lost control.
Steve’s gaze flew to where Vision hovered in the air outside the tower. He wanted to yell at him, demand to be told what had happened.
Tony pulled away and Steve let him go, reluctantly. “Ross sees us as a threat that needs to be contained. And then he wants to pull you apart and figure out how you work.”
“Holy shit, F.R.I.D.A.Y. did I just sleep for more than two hours?” he asked.
He stopped when she held up a hand. “I’m saying that
Tony nodded. “Ready to try it on?” He reached behind him, letting Jim change the subject. He’d make up his own mind. Tony could use the back-up with Steve though. He had no idea what he’d say to Steve if he asked him outright about Jim.
“Why?” Scott asked. “I mean, when Tony talked to Sam back on the RAFT he sounded like he knew that your buddy had been brain-washed.”
“You having fun there at S.H.I.E.L.D. HQ?” he asked.
Dean and Sam were in the kitchen when they finally came down. Steve had ridiculous beard burn down the side of his neck that Tony was exceptionally proud of.
“Doc?” Tony asked, leaning back to look up at Steve. “Since when do you call me Doc?”
Dean laughed helplessly. “Sammy still blushes like a teenaged girl when I talk dirty, you guys will make him have a coronary.” Tony wasn’t touching that particular confession with a barge-pole. What happened behind the doors with these two was between them.
“I don’t do well with relationships, okay?” Tony managed to finally tug his hand away.
Tony sniffed. “Good thing I’m not planning on becoming a dad then, isn’t it?” he asked. “Buh-bye.” He headed back towards Steve and Bucky with a jaunty wave.
“Agent,” Tony sighed, handing him the next cup.
“Uh….” It seemed that Tony’s higher brain function had migrated to his lower brain function. His dick approved.
“I’d suggest we wait until the others get back before we hear the rest of this,” Fury said. Steve nodded. Getting the information once was a better option than repeating it.
What had happened earlier with Steve and Bucky, seemed to have been a turning point. They talked to each other now.
can explain.”
“Technically
“Yeah,” Steve said. “We all fucked up. We
Tony dreamed of oceans and agony. Of monsters sucking his life from his body and Steve throwing himself on him, letting the monsters drain him dry instead. Of holes in space and sentient cities.
Tony wanted to pull his hair out. “You have the finest mind in the world...!” He stopped. “You have the
They reached Natasha and Bruce who were doing a vague facsimile of a shuffle. Natasha was leading. “So, Rhodey the real boy, is wanting to know what was so secret when I broke it off with Pep and took up with my boys that I only spoke to Bruce here.”
“What makes you think it won’t?” Tony asked, stepping into Strange’s space with his chin jutting up. “You saw the future?”
“He’s hanging out with Barnes.” Tony folded his arms defensively. “He’s probably a douche.”
“Now that’s something I didn’t see coming.” Clint helped Tony up.
Tony noticed Steve’s fists clenching. Uh-oh. Cap was obviously the possessive sort. It made him tingle.
Thor appeared shocked. “How do you foresee what is in your future?” He waited for Bruce or Steve to answer him.
He couldn’t see Steve’s response, but felt him take a deep breath. “I can’t….”
Bruce took a sip and sighed.
“I am able to open any door,” Thor declared, cloak billowing out dramatically. Tony heard Bucky snicker. Then he noticed the woman who’d followed Thor in.
“Minor?” The woman, Salt or Mustard or something, shrieked in a way that made Tony’s head hurt. “He doesn’t have a clue who he is!” Her voice rose as she spoke.
Now, about that pesky virginity….
Hobbling behind her because the children refused to let him go, Clint followed.
Bruce nodded. “Maybe start with the Senate?” he suggested carefully. “The Superhuman Registration Act goes up for vote tomorrow.”
“The Avengers broke up. We’re toast,” Tony said, not looking at Steve.
Tony watched him. “Oh?” he asked. Steve poked him in the thigh.
Bruce stared at him and whatever he saw in Steve's eyes made something inside him just relax. All of the tension slid out of his body like a slow-punctured balloon. And finally, Bruce looked at Natasha, met her gaze full-on, and smiled.
If anything, Thor's smile went brighter. “Ah, you wish for your beloved to remain anonymous.” He nodded once. “I can understand our Captain's reluctance for us to know that he is planning to engage in sexual activities with a team-mate.”
“Because you don’t fucking listen!” Clint’s shout could have raised the dead. In Atlantis, anything was possible, so Natasha put a calming hand on his arm.
Tony sat opposite her and held out his hands. She put hers in them. “You know that I love you, don't you?” He was so fucking bad at this.
“You mean we’re going to have to fight our way there.” Bucky, as ever the blunt instrument, stated it succinctly.
Pepper reached out to smack at Tony but the helmet formed instantly around his head and she yelped as her hand struck metal.
Bucky grabbed Tony’s finger. “Do that again and I’ll make you sorry,” he warned, his eyes bright with laughter. It made Steve unreasonably happy to see that smile. Bucky would never be the kid he’d grown up with, but here, in this time, he had found a home with a egotistic billionaire and his orphaned superheroes.
Strange got to his feet. “Yggdrasil has agreed to allow you to reverse the spell, Tony.” His pupils were milky white. “She does not want to be the cause of Ragnarök.” He blinked and his eyes returned to their normal dark brown. “I suggest you get to work.”
“Hey!” Bucky protested. “I’m not that bad.”
Strange waved a hand, and Tony’s mouth clamped shut again. He was getting tired of this. “Perhaps you were not aware of the power you unleashed.” Strange took a few steps towards Jörmungandr. “If I tell you that the Collector handed over the Reality Stone to us in order to counter-act your spell, then will you believe us?”
“Now you’re saying I’m a slut?” Tony’s eyebrows rose.
“But you’re not alone,” Lucifer purred. “Open the Cage and I will set you and your friends free.”
“Certainly sir,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. said. “I've opened a channel.” Lee boggled when Tony flashed a grin at him.
If anything, Vision’s tone went colder. “Mr. Stark was instrumental in negotiating your return to American soil, Mr. Rogers. It would be counter-intuitive for him to hand you over to authorities who wish to imprison you. The co-ordinates will take you somewhere you will be safe.”
Everyone's eyebrows went up.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Fury said flatly.
“Because we had to try.” Bruce rubbed a hand over his eyes.
Bruce sighed. “Did you come here to try to make me come back?”
Tony held up a finger. “Am I to understand that Captain America and the Winter Soldier have been schtupping in secret?”
Steve squared his shoulders and Tony knew what was coming next “Let's go get this son of a bitch.”
“You believe that this is why Tony, Natasha, James, Bruce and the others care for you?” Vision asked. “Why Agent Barton, Airman Wilson and Ms. Maximoff followed your lead? Because of the way you look?”
“Anyhoo, Strange, who, let me tell you is
Bucky snorted a laugh. “False modesty is extremely unattractive, Stark.”
“Maybe if I’d tried harder.” Steve couldn’t help wondering.
Rhodey nodded. “I’ll recognize any stalling tactics,” he warned.
Lucifer shed his human appearance, unfolding his wings and standing about twelve feet tall. “You dare to challenge a son of God?” The words thrummed through Tony like his body was a cymbal.
he was going to tell them.
“Snakes,” Coulson repeated. “Now, about that vampire?”
“So, I guess this is me,” Tony said, picking up the suit. “Thanks for the ride.”
“The markings seem to be almost Egyptian,” Bruce noted.
“We are?” Tony’s drawl was almost cruel. “Funny how I missed that memo.”
They struggled to stop the laughter, eventually managing to appear at least a little sober. Bruce had started taking questions.
God, but I suppose, in a way, you could call me
Tony shrank back against the pillows. “I’m not laughing anymore,” he told Steve.
She nodded, her fingers limp between his. “We were going to leave together. After…” she said, tone far-away. “And then he left alone.”
Steve chuckled. “Don’t be long.” He didn’t want Tony to realize just how much he wanted to go with him. He felt an almost pathological need to keep Tony in view right now.
Bucky’s smile was small. “I know,” he said. “I’ll kick his ass if he doesn’t.” He squeezed Steve’s hand.
“Stop.” The word was a plea, and apology and it made Bucky halt his steps. “I’m…I’m sorry, Buck. I’m trying to understand, but shit, it just hurts so much that you didn’t trust me enough to come to me for help.”
“And why do
“The Captain is perhaps the finest human I have met on my sojourn in Midgard,” Thor told Loki. “He is worthy of trust.”
“I don’t give a continental fuck if it was bad heartburn,” Pepper told him. “Tony will stay in that bed until the doctor says that it’s safe to leave!”
“Closed door?” Natasha asked, gaze sharp. “Interesting.”
“No,” Tony admitted. “But I’m a great bullshitter, as you well know.” He smirked. “I’m going to
Steve decided that he was going to be the better guy here. He could see the way Bucky looked at Tony. Like he'd hung the moon and strung the stars. He wasn't going to get in the way of that sort of thing.
“Anyone seen something like this?” Sam broke into their conversation, pointing at a picture on the screen. It was the print of a black hand, thumb and four fingers splayed out.
reasonable. And angry.” The slight green flush on his cheeks had Tony holding a breath.
“You are not helping, Clinton,” Natasha said. It was enough to shut Clint up. Steve really had to get lessons from Natasha on how to do that.
“He’s full of crap,” Clint said with a dismissive wave.
Bruce nodded. “Vision, remind me of that prophecy again please. The one from Wikipedia?”
Sam’s gaze narrowed. “Oh god, you’re one of those,” he said.
“Since when are you the voice of reason in this relationship?” Tony had whiplash from the about-face.
“He is a telepath,” Wanda replied. “A very powerful one. He told me that he and Tony Stark have met up with Jörmungandr and are busy with reversing the spell.”
“It’s exactly like rape,” Crowley corrected. “Interesting that this is the route you chose, James.” He lifted an eyebrow at Bucky who was looking around in disgust. “Was it very difficult hiding the fact that you were homosexual from your friends?”
getting a Hellhound as a pet!” Tony poked his chest. “Get that thought out of your head right now!”
This meeting was secret in all of the best ways. Secret location, secret agenda, even secret identities. Tony had made Vision wear a baseball cap and dark glasses as a nod to the mission. Vision had not been impressed.
“There’d better be food left.” Clint came into the kitchen with a slight limp. Sam followed, rubbing at his chest. Natasha brought up the rear, and the smirk on her face told Steve that she was the reason they both looked ragged.
“We all made mistakes in this debacle, Captain.” T’Challa handed him a glass filled with something that looked like liquid gold. “You and Tony Stark most of all.”
The look Rhodes gave him was part scorn, part despair. “Tony says he’s fine. He apparently had an angina attack which can be a pre-cursor to a full-blown heart attack. We’re trying to get him to stay down and get the tests done.”
Bucky pointed to Sam who had shoved his wing-pack under his head and dropped off to sleep a heartbeat after they'd taken off. Sam was still asleep despite the earlier antics. Steve envied him right now. “
“How do you know what will hold him?” Tony was a dreamer, but he had a practical mind.
“Don’t care,” Tony said, giving Bucky just the slightest of head-tilts. “Hook your fingers onto my belt, close those pretty blue eyes, and let’s get through this as fast as we can.” He met Steve’s gaze. “This
“Air!” Tony wheezed. “Human. Need air!”
“Aw, just one punch?” Clint whined, mostly because he was a shit-stirrer.
“And who do
“I’m not leaving his side,” Bruce assured him. “I keep waiting for him to wake up and tell me exactly what I’ve done wrong. It’s disconcerting seeing him so silent and still.”
Thor looked confused. “I have erred?” he asked.
“A lovely little country in Eastern Europe called Sokovia,” Tony told him. “I’m told tourism there is booming.”
~o0o~
“You betrayed him,” Rhodes said, mouth turned down. “You left him bloody and beaten half to death and left him to fight alone.”
Tony argues his case. Natasha is so mad at Steve. The truth comes out. A friend returns
“I don’t understand that reference,” Steve said. “But I do agree with Tony.” Halle-fucking-lujah, Tony thought. “You can’t be trusted to recognize Loki.”
Tony blinked at him. “Uh…”
Rhodey’s hand dropped onto his thigh. “You’re making me crazy, Tones.” Laura mouthed a thank you to Rhodey from Tony’s other side.
“Morning.” Steve’s soft greeting had Tony lift his head. “You snore.”
demon. He looked around. The roof of the cavern seemed miles away as he stared up. There were about ten tunnels leading off from the space. “What’s this?” he asked.
It gave Tony a thrill, hearing Steve say that so openly. So clearly, with no possibility of misunderstanding. “I’m a loveable guy,” Tony agreed, trying for casual and failing.
“No.” Natasha shook her head. “Tony asked him not to reveal his current location.” Her lip curled. It was a little scary.
freaking out.
“TMI, Nat, TM fucking I,” Tony scolded.
T’Challa arrived late the next day. There had been nothing more on the news about what had happened in the closed-door meeting. Clint had tried to pry the information out of Laura who had told him to fuck himself and had refused to answer his calls.
Rhodey gave her a glare. “Hey, new girl, everyone here is about that superhero life. And if you don't mind my asking, where the hell have you been all this time?" Totally crushing on her, Tony cackled internally.
“Okay,” Tony agreed. “Do we need a safe word?” He waited again as Bucky thought about it.
“He said he
Tony blinked. He hadn’t been expecting anything. “It’s not my birthday,” he protested.
“What would you prefer?” Crowley shot back.
“Well he got me home, so I’m not going to call him names just yet,” Tony said.
“Boss?” F.R.I.D.A.Y. sounded a little nervous. “Someone wants to talk to you.”
~o0o~
She seemed sure.
“What?” Tony dropped to the floor, legs suddenly unable to bear his weight. “What?”
Tony asked.
“I swear to God, you’d better be sure, Tony.” He heard the desperation in his own voice. “I couldn’t handle losing Bucky again. I can’t imagine life without you. You’d better be fucking sure.”
Tony didn’t let that bother him. “Good day, honorable ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for agreeing to this special sitting of the General Assembly.” He looked over at King T’Challa. “My name, in case any of you were unaware, is Tony Stark and I am here to request that you agree to discuss the ratification of the Sokovia Accords with immediate effect.”
“Do you think he’s going to change their minds?” Scott asked him.
“Call me Natty again and you’ll be drinking through a straw for the next ten years,” she warned. Tony blanched, clutching his blanket to him like a binky.
Tony was hilariously appalled. “I’m going to ask Steve about this the next time I see him,” he warned.
Tony allowed Steve to tow him out of the lab for the second time that night, this time to the rhythmic sound of Bruce banging his head on the work desk.
Steve wanted to go back in time and break all of every single Hydra scientist’s bones. What they’d done to Bucky, what they were still doing to him, even in their absence, was appalling.
Steve’s cheeks were slightly flushed as he laughed. “I was about as dumb as a box of rocks when it came to stuff like that,” he admitted. “Bucky even showed me how to….” He stopped, biting his lip.
“Hey!” Rhodey protested. “I’m right here.” He flinched when Natasha looked at him. “It wasn’t meant to insult you, just them.”
“I walked the bride down the aisle,” Steve reminded him. “I wasn’t the best man.”
“You slept for nine point four hours, Mr. Stark.” Tony was really going to have to work on her comebacks.
“What?” Bruce leaned towards him.
“No.” Again, simple and sure. “It isn’t.” That beautiful metal arm came up and rested on Clint’s shoulder. “We all need a nest. This one is yours.”
“Brother.” Thor pulled Loki close. “You did not know that this would be the consequence of your charade.”
fairly entertaining,” Vision admitted.
“Yeah.” Steve dropped his forehead against the cool glass of the large window. “He should have.”
actually trying to sleep but as usual his brain was running in circles. Of all the things he’d expected to happen today, making sort-of friends with Steve’s semi-amnesiac assassin war buddy wasn’t one of them.
to call them in the event of an emergency.”
Hope you enjoy.
“All good,” Dean added, stepping forward and shaking Steve’s hand. He sounded like he’d gone several rounds with a throat grinder and lost. “Big fan.”
“Kids,” Tony agreed. “Whoda thunk it?”
Tony blinked.
This wasn’t how the story was supposed to go, Tony thought a little hysterically. He was never supposed to get the boy. It seemed as though Bucky hadn’t got that particular memo.
Steve flushed. “I don’t hover.” As arguments went, it wasn’t his strongest. He slumped into the chair in front of her desk. “He needs constant supervision.”
Her eyes went wide. “You knew?”
Steve grabbed onto Tony’s hand. It felt like a life-line.
Jörmungandr made to get up, but Skurge hastened towards him. “
Tony held onto him. “Every single goddamn thing you did as Hydra’s puppet was not your fault.” He waited for Bucky to open his eyes again. “You know that, right?”
Bucky and Steve talk. Steve kisses Bucky. Tony runs away.
Tony glared at the television screen again. “Romanoff will know,” he said. “J, tell the dead guy and his merry band that they can use the helipad here at Stark Tower if they have the fuel to get here.”
Thor followed his example. “You are waiting for another vessel, Captain?” he asked, staring curiously up at the clear blue expanse. “Or perhaps answers do fall from the stars as my mother once told me.”
Coulson rolled his eyes. “And you talk like a thirteen year old girl, Stark.”
Both the Winchesters looked supremely uncomfortable. “They’re a bit pissed at me since I killed Death,” Dean admitted.
not good.”
I’m missing this,” he said.
Steve appreciated the moment of levity. It gave him a chance to take a breath. To gather his thoughts. To wonder what Clint might possibly mean. To wonder why the hell it should even matter.
He hugged Rhodey with a laugh. Sam rolled his eyes, but shook his hand anyway. Wanda waved from her lounger and Vision nodded from his position behind her. Clint bounded up to him, throwing his arms out. “Let’s do this!”
“He’s a comic book character back on Earth,” Steve explained. Natasha’s normally blank face went ever blanker. “Oh, I’m sorry, Natasha. A comic book is a small illustrated book that tells stories.” He clamped his lips together. “In the comic books, Iron Man is a man who invents a special metal suit of armor that he uses to help people and destroy Earth’s enemies.”
“It’s what he did with Howard.” Steve knew that almost as well as he knew his name.
“Clint,” Pepper said, eyeing Tony’s bed. They’d all been avoiding looking at him. Except for Steve. He couldn’t keep his gaze off Tony. It wasn’t normal to see him so still, so unanimated.
“A car?” Tony tried to think.
“Sam said that the leads have run dry.” He knew what she was talking about.
“I cannot make promises for my brother,” Thor said. “I can only swear to try.”
, Anthony Stark!” Pepper yelled.
“Okay, just hear me out,” Steve asked, holding up a hand. “The last link to my past had just died. Peggy Carter wasn’t just an old lady who knew who I was. She was the person I loved most in the world.”
“I’ll be going in then,” Steve said.
“Heh, you said straight,” Tony said.
Bucky.” He needed Tony to understand his reasoning, faulty as it may have been. “Until I was sure, I couldn’t say anything. And then, when Bucky told me in one of his more lucid states that he remembered Howard, I was too afraid to tell you.”
“Why would I?” Loki spat, reminding Steve of a cat cornered by a pack of barking dogs.
“He was fucking unconscious!” Natasha spat, fists clenched. Steve wondered if she was trying to figure out how to kill someone who carried an Infinity Stone.
Surprised, all Steve could do was grab onto him, hands suddenly filled with pert ass cheeks.
many.” But he was smiling at Tony, blue eyes sparkling with joy.
When Tony got off at the floor of the living area, he was surprised to find Bruce and Thor staring at something that looked like a really ugly crown. “What’s up, buttercups?” he asked as he strolled nearer.
“Tell me.” Thor’s demand brooked no argument.
Bucky grabbed Tony’s hand, lacing their fingers together. “He’s had a lifetime of being the face of something,” he said, still speaking softly. “He feels like Ross approached you because he only thought of Steve as a figurehead and you were the actual leader.”
Tony broke his brain with the next kiss, ruthlessly shoving his tongue into Steve’s mouth and making sure he tasted every inch of it. “How the fuck do you taste so good?” Tony whined into his mouth. “You’re ridiculous.” His fingers twisted in Steve’s hair and tugged.
Tony stilled. “What?” He looked at Bruce. “The only other Alpha Level was…” The sound of a helicopter drew his attention back to the monitor. “That fucking son of a fucking bitch,” he hissed as he watched Fury step out, coat swirling around his legs. His arm was strapped up, but he looked none the worse for wear.
she mused as Tony started wandering around.
“God.” Steve sounded broken.
She laughed again, this time real joy enveloped him as warm as a hug. “He
Tony nodded. “Which means that I’m out of the field. For good.” He patted Pepper’s hand. “I should have stayed out a long time ago, but an old man’s ego is a terrible thing to waste.” She pinched his hand with sharp fingers.
Tony stared down at his feet.
“Pizza is the perfect food,” Clint mused. “And beer.” Dean tipped his own beer at Clint.
Steve closed his eyes, shook his head mutely.
“Get him, Uncle Rhodey!” Cooper yelled from the sidelines.
Tony shrugged. “It looks like it. I won’t know until J has had a chance to analyze it.”
Steve’s arms were a comforting band around him. “Good thing we don’t have to find out,” he said.
“So, you want a run-down on what we’ve come up with?” Tony asked, ready to present his awesome to the world.
“And I’d never have guessed that the venom was in her teeth without that astute observation, Dr. Stark.” Bruce’s reply was bone-dry but his eyes twinkled. “What
Bruce nodded. “We know too little as it is.”
“One day I’m going to scrub your circuits and replace you with a microwave oven!” Tony threatened.
Her scowl wasn’t her best. Tony could still see the fear in her eyes and was so mad that he’d put it there. Pepper pushed him out of the hospital room and stopped cold.
Bucky’s eyes were finally clear of that sorrow. “You’re a special snowflake, Stark.” His mouth quirked a little.
“Yeah,” Steve replied. “I really think I am.”
“No.” Steve was very sure of one thing. “Never again.”
“And that is way more than I ever needed to know,” Rhodey said, coming into the room with Sam and Bruce at his heels. They carried several loaded trays with plates, cutlery and steaming bowls of pasta and sauce that made Steve’s stomach grumble. “I’m begging you, my eyes and ears can’t deal with the special level of nutjob that the three of you together are sure to be.”
Tony knew that Rhodey was right. That bringing them here to the mansion was a bad idea, but he was fresh out of other options. “Where else can they go?” He met Rhodey’s furious gaze. “They’re bringing a human weapon of mass destruction, a pair of super spies who could kill with an eyelash, a war veteran who has no loyalty to anyone other than the soldier who left me lying on a slab of ice in Siberia. And that’s not even mentioning Big Bug Boy and Barnes.”
Thor strode in. “I must return to my brothers in New Asgard,” he declared. “As their king I must help them grow more comfortable with mortal things.”
oh lordy I struggled with writing the sex. And then of course it's OT3 sex so /0\ I hope it's okay....don't tell me if it sucks!
Steve hastily buttoned up his shirt and scrambled off the bed, racing after Tony. “Wait!” he called. “Tony! Goddammit!”
“You have a fucking dead body on the fucking plane and you didn’t fucking think to
Speaking of cocky assholes - Tony shuffled closer to him on the sofa. “Ah, Cap, Capibear, Capybara, Capsicle, don’t be like that,” he crooned. “You will totally enjoy paying up.”
“No,” Steve said. “I want to know if we can believe him.”
Whelp! Not quite the 'meeting' I was expecting but it feels surprisingly right. Next chapter will be interesting to write for sure.
Steve wandered into the living area. Natasha and Clint were playing some sort of card game that involved knives and blood. He really didn’t want to go near that.
“Dumbass,” she said again. “Stop hiding down here with Cupid and come back upstairs. I have vodka.”
“He had a heart attack because of us?” Steve was appalled. “We would never have come here if we knew we were endangering his life.”
Loki stood up, backing away with his hands in front of him. “I don’t want some trollop rummaging around in my head!” he stated.
Barnes nodded at Vision. “Scary robot dude.”
“The rack,” Tony admitted.
“Shit!” Tony felt like crap as Bucky practically collapsed in his arms. He had no idea why Bucky had reacted like this but he was sure it had something to do with what those fuckers at Hydra had done to him. Something he’d said had triggered this reaction and he didn’t know how to fix it.
He gulped.
“I hate you,” Clint groaned, letting Steve pull him back to his feet. “I hurt in muscles where I know for a medical fact there are no muscles.”
“Exactly,” Tony said. “Which is why I wanted to head it off before it grew legs.” He was tired and frustrated. It seemed as though the only sure thing about the future was that the SRA would exist. No matter how he tried to change it.
Nobody answered. Tony hadn't expected him to. “Fine,” he muttered. “You always have to do things the fucking hard way, Bruce. I'm going to make you pay for this in research for the rest of your life.”
“No,” she admitted.
“Protecting your reality, douchebag.” Yeah, Tony thought. The hatred was mutual. He still had it.
Tony laughed hard then, great gulping breaths of laughter that each felt like a release from an emotional prison he hadn’t known he’d been in.
Steve shook his head. “He came back.”
Tony grinned and kissed her cheek, breathing in the scent of Dior that she favored. “I swear, I won't do it again.”
“No.” Well
Tony narrowed his eyes. “Are you messing with me?” he asked.
times.
“Why?” Coulson wasn’t sitting with them. He held himself aloof, standing back. “Why does he want you so badly?”
“No,” Steve said slowly. “Not semantics. The truth. Bucky isn’t, and has never been, my boyfriend.” He watched Tony’s face closely. “I’ve never wanted him to be my boyfriend.” He took a deep breath. “I wanted
“Jim?” Steve looked at Tony.
Steve moved closer. “I think both Bucky and I have had a lifetime of experiments,” he said. “We’d both feel a lot happier if we knew what was going to happen.” He met Bucky’s gaze. “It’s not that we don’t trust you, Bruce.”
He dropped his head against the toilet, panting through the taste of bile in his mouth.
“Captain.” T’Challa tipped his head towards Steve. “You wished to speak with me?”
“If it's any comfort, they died in their sleep.” Tony recognized the voice. Zemo. “Did you really think I wanted more of you?” Bucky was staring at one corpse in particular.
“My dream,” she replied, eyes on his face. “What did you feel?”
” Jörmungandr seemed enraged.
She watched him for a moment, seemingly unheeding.
Steve held the elevator door open. “What?” He frowned. “Who?
“You told him you wanted him to give me back,” Coulson said in his dry as dust voice, making jazz hands. “Ta-da.”
“Wow,” Tony seemed reluctantly impressed. “So how did you figure out it wasn't your father?”
“Positive,” he groaned. “I think she just likes cock-blocking me.”
“For what?” Bucky demanded, fingers tightening painfully on Tony’s shoulder.
“Asshole, what part of hands-off the merchandise are you not getting?” He propped his fists on his hips as he stared down at him.
“You bitch,” Clint breathed. “You utter, utter bitch.” He clenched his fists. “We trusted you.”
Steve poked him with his elbow. “I’m like a lake,” he said. “Nothing to see.”
“It’s about
“Were you ever on our side?” It was Sam who asked the question, who leaned into Wanda’s space with no fear.
“Well,
“You speak of Asgard and Midgard,” Loki said.
“We could go down to the gym,” Bucky suggested. “Work out a little of the frustration. Or the bedroom?” He waggled his eyebrows and Steve grinned at him. Bucky was more and more the man he remembered. It was one small spark of joy that beat through him.
“Really.
Tony grabbed Bucky’s hand. “What he said,” he smiled at Bucky to show he meant it. “You have nothing to be sorry for.”
Steve was frustrated, angry and worried. F.R.I.D.A.Y. had refused to divulge Tony’s location and nothing they said would make her budge.
“Yeah,” Dean agreed. “Sammy is the king of the casting, but I’m the one who generally gives my blood so that he can focus.”
“Shut up,” Steve grunted, sweat dripping down his temple. Tony couldn’t resist. He surged up and licked the bead of moisture from his skin.
Steve ignored Tony’s grumble. “We need to get in and out as fast as we can,” he said, pulling the piece of paper that Sam Winchester had given him out of his pocket. “Tony, you’re up.”
Tony’s eyes were passion-black and his mouth was wet. “I
“We have a problem.” Steve’s tone was dire.
Crowley?” Clint asked. “He looks like a CEO.”
“No, I didn’t.” She patted his arm consolingly. “Now, get dressed so that Natasha and I can assess what we can salvage.” She waved at his general direction in a vaguely menacing way as she got back to her feet again
Steve nodded. “That sounds good.” He looked at the others. “Anyone else want to go with?”
want to do?” He waited; let Bucky take the power back for the first time in this new life.
time thinking about,” Steve admitted.
Tony flopped onto Steve, feeling Bucky scoot up on his other side. “We’re not far from the tower,” he said, keeping his voice low. “I’ve instructed F.R.I.D.A.Y. to prepare a suite for you two. I guessed you didn’t want to be separated.”
Tony stumbled against him. “I know,” he said. “We have the universe to save.”
“I’m not one of your dames in distress, Stevie.” Bucky folded his arms across his chest.
“That sounds pretty disgusting.” Bucky grimaced. “Like I’ve got bugs growing in my brain.”
“Tony Stark,” Rhodes said.
“Thank you, Tony. For everything. There are no wo….” Steve tried to speak.
Tony frowned and pulled it out of his cupboard. It was kind of plain, nothing but a giant red star on it. “I don’t remember buying this,’ he muttered.
“Tony,” Steve tried to get him to stop, to listen. His heart felt as though it was going to push its way up his throat and vomit out onto the floor. “There’s something I have to tell you.” He was a coward; he knew that seeing Bucky murder his parents was going to end this...whatever this was.
Bucky laughed. It wasn’t loud and it didn’t last long, but it was a genuine laugh. “Sam’s mind goes straight to sex.”
Pepper came up to him and patted his cheek. “So get ready,” she told him.
“Yeah,” Dean rasped. “Michael wanted a Winchester too.”
Coulson just stared at him. “And yet… Besides, now is not the time for division. More than ever we need all those with superpowers or special abilities to be ready to fight with us.” Coulson looked over at Thor. “Would you like to tell them what you’ve told Tony and me?”
“So, what’s our next move?” Sam asked.
“What are you doing here?” Bruce didn't sound like he was happy about it either. Tony’s presence should always elicit joy. He decided not to poke the bear, as it were. Discretion being the better part of valor. Tony could totally be discreet.
“Well, something must have clicked in, because when I got here and you were all 'Grr!Argghh! Hulk! Smash!' it only took a minute or so for Bruce to take over.” Tony waited for that bit of information to sink in. “And I didn't even have to sing!”
Laura headed towards the body pile, ready to wade in, but the moment she grabbed for Cooper, Rhodey shot a hand out and yanked on her ankle. She went down with a shriek and the kids turned their attention to her, pouncing on her with glee.
“You’re so very human,” Wanda said, that remote gaze turning on Sam. “Not one of you held off in throwing yourself into battle when Tony Stark created the monster. Despite it being of his own making, you all fought beside him. When he attempted to make amends, what did you do then? Follow him? Stand beside him? Defend him?”
Fury stared at him for a moment. “I actually believe you,” he mused. “It must be snowing in Hell.”
“Well, he was a highly developed, extremely valuable weapon,” Bruce said, looking at Bucky in apology. “If their product got into the wrong hands…” He trailed off.
“I’ve said it before, and I’ll keep repeating it until you get it into that thick skull of yours;
Strange gave him a hard glare. “That really isn’t helpful, Tony.”
Tony started stripping. Bucky gaped. “You’re just…”
Steve went from asleep to wide awake in less than a second. From the tension in Bucky's body, he'd woken up as well.
“I’m going back home,” he told Steve. “Ross is about to be arrested for crimes against humanity for his role in what happened to Banner and others. King T’Challa has agreed to help re-write the Accords to make it more reasonable for all parties. Signing them bought us the time to change them. But if you’d asked me back at the compound, then I could have told you what the plan was.”
“Hitting things, shooting guns, fucking people,” Bucky said. Steve gaped at him as he shrugged. “Nothing stops the panic better than a real distraction.”
“Isn’t she amazing?” Tony stood up and walked over to where Steve stood. “You ready?”
Tony sniffed, handing the tumbler back to DUM-E, who trundled off with a pleased beep. “I’m trying to be a better man,” he stated, attempting the same lofty tone that Bruce had used to talk about Natasha.
“The reason I have a girlfriend is so that I can abuse her woman’s intuition,” Bruce said loftily.
won’t betray me.”
Steve gulped. That was a shovel talk if he’d ever heard one. “I can’t promise that it won’t happen again, but I do promise that I will try my very best not to. It’s taken me a while, but I’ve realized that he’s pretty much the most important person in my life.”
“It’s because you rose to it every time,” Bucky said. “He loved messing with you. Steve was a complete asshole.” He bumped Tony’s shoulder. “You okay?”
“Apparently there’s someone I should meet?” Steve took pity on Tony.
Wanda’s mouth curled in a little smile. Cheshire cat satisfied and full of spite. “It already has.”
Thanks for sticking with me.
Rhodey snorted. “You are not Han Solo. You will never
“Everyone thinks you’re the nicest of all of the Avengers.” Tony pointed a finger at him. “If only they knew what a colossal dickhead you are.”
“It was our father’s,” Sam said. “He kept a record of all of the monsters he fought, how to kill them, how to save the humans. We started adding to it when he died.”
Steve went to him, wrapping him in his arms. “Bruce won't let anything happen to you,” he promised, praying that he was right.
“That’s Colonel Rhodes to you, Airman Wilson.” Rhodes met Sam’s surprised eyes.
Tony was drooling on Bucky’s shoulder, he’d thrown his legs over Steve’s thighs a little earlier. Bucky held Tony to him, cradling him against his chest. It was a familiar position that made Steve’s heart ache a little. When he’d been skinny and cocky, he’d spent many nights like this, held together only by the strength in Bucky’s embrace.
Bucky walked up to him, leaned in and pecked his lips. “Hi.”
“I brought it back with me,” Dean said, wiping the blade on his denims. “This baby saved my life several times over.”
“Pepper isn’t used to risking her life on a daily basis. I am. Plus, I can watch your back. I did it for years.” He rubbed his thumb carefully across Tony’s cheekbone. “I’d like to be given the chance to do that again.”
Tony shrugged his hand off. “I’m fucking telling you that you’re dead, killed by Sharon Carter and Brock Rumlow on the steps of the courthouse.”
Tony & Fury have a confrontation. Uatu makes an appearance. And the future changes
Tony grinned. “I’ll never tell.” He shook Sam’s hand. “Good luck with keeping this one out of trouble,” he said, tilting his head towards Dean.
“Huh,” Tony said, mouth damp on Steve’s collarbone. “That actually makes sense.” He lifted his head and met Steve’s eyes. “This bears testing."
“Sold,” Dean declared.
“Tony?” Rhodey’s voice broke into his wail. “You okay in there, man?”
Sam shook his head. “Because they were stuck in Purgatory while Death was dead and a lot of those monsters had been reaped by them.”
Steve smiled. “Tony Stark, closet romantic?” he teased at Tony’s ear.
Steve bent to kiss him again, sucking Tony’s brain out through his mouth. He was probably drooling by the time Steve pulled back. “Because I wanted to know more about you, Doc.”
“Don’t do it again,” Tony said.
Sam moved in front of Steve, whether protecting him or preventing him from launching himself at Natasha, Steve wasn’t entirely sure. “And you didn’t think we needed to know that?”
Thor stalked up to Loki. “Traitor!” he bellowed, thumping Loki through a wall with the force of his blow.
Tony’s reply was lost in the shout he gave as Steve finally,
“My cloak has a fascination with things it cannot understand,” Strange replied. “Now that we know the Soul Stone lies within the blood of Tony Stark, it makes more sense.”
Bruce started laughing. “You didn’t hear a thing I said about her tonight, did you?”
Heimdall dropped us off.” He moved away from Steve, pissed off himself now.
“You can’t save the world on an empty stomach,” Steve pointed out. He was being reasonable. Tony hated reasonable people. Except when they looked like Steve. Then he liked them. A little.
Steve frowned. “I don’t really feel comfortable with you heading out on your own,” he confessed.
“What thing?” Bruce asked, eyebrows drawn in a straight line. “There was no thing.”
Tony peered at her. “Don’t you have a company to run?”
That was Steve lying there motionless on the courthouse stairs.
Tony thought better of poking the bear. He squared his shoulders. “Let’s get this over with.”
“It wasn’t a request,” Crowley said. “Sam Winchester turned down his destiny. He was supposed to be the Chosen One, Hell’s Prince.” Crowley’s face twisted. “He chose his brother, mortality, Heaven,” he spat. “Stupid boy.”
Tony screamed as his heart split apart. Those last few atoms that held his life together exploded and he knew to the microsecond when he died.
Loki’s eyes were a little wild. Tony wondered just what he was hiding in that bats-in-the-belfry brain. “C’mon, Loki, we’ve all been through it. Just give up your secrets and we’ll all be BFFs forever.”
“Sorry.” Sam sounded suitably reprimanded. “That was incredibly insensitive and remarkably uncool of me.”
“Excuse me for being concerned for your admittedly fine ass,” Tony snarked. “I’ll be back,” he promised, soaring back over the gorge.
“You were out of it,” Steve reminded him, pointing to the screen. “Why did you come back?”
“He wouldn’t want you to make a senseless sacrifice.” Steve met her gaze. “We need to wait and see what happens with Tony’s amendments. If they are accepted, then it may mean that we have a chance to go back home to our families.”
“What shit? Down where?” Tony shot back.
miss him.”
Pepper came over. “You should go and talk to Bucky.” It wasn’t a suggestion.
his,” he said.
Tony didn’t watch her go.
Steve’s blood turned to ice. “Who?” he demanded, sitting up suddenly.
“That means Clint’s in troooooouble,” Tony sang into Bruce’s ear.
Tony hadn’t wanted any of them to know about this. He met Coulson’s level gaze. The slight nod gave him the impetus to get it out. “The Superhuman Registration Act is meant to name and number all superhumans on the planet so that the governments know where they are at all times.”
The abrupt silence made her nod in satisfaction. Yep, a threat.
“Thank you,” Coulson said. His mouth curved in an almost smile. Tony wanted to take a picture.
“Bucky.” Tony sounded exhausted.
“Wonderful,” Tony mumbled.
“I didn’t think you’d be able to do it.” Bruce held Tony’s gaze. “I’m really happy to see you.”
Tony leaned against him and breathed. The scent of a garlicky pasta sauce permeated the living area and he could hear Wanda and Natasha talking softly.
“Eh.” Tony shrugged, moving in behind Bucky so that they bracketed him just as they’d done on the jet. “I’m a spoiled, rich boy. I have standards.”
“Trust me, we’ve spent enough time in other dimensions to know what we’re doing,” Dean said. Tony wanted to hear
“We are adults,” Tony interrupted. “And again, none of your fucking business.” He was starting to get seriously pissed off.
“I accept responsibility for what happened.” Steve wanted to punch him. “Perhaps Tony wasn’t ready to accept what Wanda dreamed.”
“Despite that, he saved us,” Wanda said, that red-tinged gaze on Steve. “Knowing that we had abandoned him, he still tried to help us.”
Thor put a big hand on Loki’s thigh. “You have begun your atonement already, but we must get all falsehood cleared between us so that we can enjoy the time we have left together.” He was suddenly all careful attention again.
“Holy shit!” Tony dropped the dish. “You weren’t kidding!” He hurdled the workbench and hid behind Rhodey. “Save me, Buttercup!”
“A former Hydra agent,” Natasha said, walking up to Dean. “Hey asshole.”
The serene reply told him that the world tree could read his mind.
“Your job sucks,” Bucky told him, rolling onto his back and stretching.
“Spit it out.” Tony suddenly wanted this over with. If Steve was going to warn him away from Bucky, then he’d do it. Whatever it took to keep his friend, Tony thought he’d probably do just about anything to have Steve smile properly at him again.
“What could you have done?” Tony wanted to kick Strange in the ass. He was a complete dick. He reminded Tony a little of himself.
Steve made a snorting sound. “I doubt much could fluster Vision.”
“No!” Pepper’s eyes were fierce. “They can all fuck off the end of a cliff for all I care. I’m not letting them near Tony.”
Tony blinked. Sometimes following Thor’s words was like trying to find his way out of a maze.
Tony dropped his head onto the workbench, relaxing a little when Bruce patted him on the shoulder. “I offered to give Captain America a blow job as an interview for the position of boyfriend!” he moaned.
“Nothing makes Tony madder.” Steve knew that Tony had zero time for bad workmanship.
Bucky shrugged. “Steve is in ‘protect the world’ mode, nobody’s getting lucky just yet.”
The panic became a tidal wave racing through Tony’s body. Steve was giving up. Steve was leaving. Steve was….
“And you’re, naturally, a ray of sunshine.” Pepper’s tone was mean.
“I have one,” Rhodey agreed. “It is large, black and beautiful.”
“Less talking, more fighting,” Steve ordered. “Back to the tunnel.”
“What’s going on?” Pepper demanded, putting her coffee down, and walking over to him.
Bruce blinked. “Steve and
“How is he, Bruce?” Steve asked. Thinking about Tony tied down and afraid made him feel sick.
sorry. I had to wrestle with this chapter for ages & am still not entirely happy.
“We need to talk about how we’re going to handle the management of the Avengers,” Rhodey said. “You’re the defacto head now, but you said you didn’t want to be part of the team.”
“J?” he whispered.
“Sometimes he goes too far,” Steve said, fists clenching in the pockets of his jacket. “He should have trusted me, trusted us.”
“You’re terrible,” Steve scolded him as they reached the dining room. Rhodey was still in meltdown mode.
“Would you like me to stay here?” Strange showed nothing on his face. “If Thanos gets the Time Stone then it would negate everything that your friend did as well as ensure that the Mad Titan wins.”
“Yes,” Bruce nodded. “I’ve been trying to use string theory to figure out a way to keep those six sides from never touching, to put it simply.”
Tony dropped his head on Steve’s shoulder. “I love you, Steve Rogers. I’m going to do my very best to find a way to live, if not forever, then at least as long as you.”
Steve’s smile was soft and sweet. “You may have fooled most of the world, Tony Stark, but the day you sent me the technology to heal my best friend, the guy who was responsible for the death of your parents, it was all over for me.”
“My eyes are offended,” Tony said, looking at the Winchesters. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. please make a note to get them new luggage.”
Steve hunched lower and lower over his knees. He remembered Tony’s face.
Tony flipped him a lazy bird. “You’re just sad that you don’t get to tap this,” he said.
go with you?”
“No, thank you,” Xavier shook his head. Richards also refused.
Steve's dazed expression was priceless. He cleared his throat. “Um.” The sound of laughter was an echo in his head. “I guess I'd better listen to the lady then.”
“Yeah,” Sam said. “He’s a pain in the ass but we know him.”
“Because you’re an idiot.” Rhodey wasn’t being helpful. Tony sent him a meaningful glare that was entirely wasted on him as he was making googly eyes at Pepper.
Steve nodded. “That’s a great idea, Nat.” Tony agreed. Sometimes laymen were the ones who came up with the easiest solutions.
They wouldn’t.
“Thanks, Brucie-babe.”
“Oh my god,” Tony grabbed Bruce’s face between his palms. “There was a thing apparently that I confided in you about that Rhodey didn’t know about and he’s all still mopey and shit. What was the thing?”
Tony scowled. “You’re terrible boyfriends.”
“Don’t count Tony out,” Rhodey said. He helped himself to some coffee. “That sonofabitch has managed to pull off some of the craziest stunts I’ve ever seen.”
Bruce interrupted Vision. “What if the ocean is Asgard and the sky is Earth and the snake is…?” Bruce said, looking only at Tony.
And finally, here, in the middle of nowhere Siberia, Steve dropped his chin and whispered, “Yes.”
Sam shook his head. “She
Thor didn’t look any happier. “I shall bring you a gift from Asgard,” he declared. “As recompense for my lack.”
“How about why you didn’t trust us?” Rhodes asked, going laser-sharp for the heart of the matter. “I mean, we were your team, right?”
Tony slumped. “Fine, but put them somewhere I can’t see them,” he said. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. cancel that order.”
Clint snorted. “Good thing you have those techno gadgets of yours ‘cause you are directionally challenged, my friend.”
that one to him, Tony thought. “And if you make one comment about stroking, I will cut off your balls and feed them to my cat.”
“He means that he’s bringing his Captain America First Edition the next time for you to sign,” Sam explained.
Well, he tried to call back, but Bucky’s tongue was busy making love to his tongue so he couldn’t really talk.
Wanda made a face. “He thinks he is wise, but much of his posturing is fear.” Tony planned on having a long chat with Wanda at some point.
“This mind cannot be allowed to be destroyed,” Tony said. “It’s vital for the future of mankind.”
“Does he know where Cap is?” Tony asked, eyes still taking in the thousands of lines of top secret information just spewing out onto the world. He was going to do his very best to catch it all.
“It was not something that could wait,” T’Challa said. “I believe that you have begun to use the program that Tony sent you?”
“Now who’s the kinky fuck?” Tony asked when Bucky moved down once more.
Thor smiled. “My brother has a very sweet tooth, Captain. It will be a good indicator as to if the person within is indeed Loki.”
time was far from that.
“What did she say?” Pepper asked.
~o0o~
The Quinjet wasn't built for seven adults stretched out. Sam, Rhodey, Bucky and Steve just turned on their sides and made one row. Sleeping in uncomfortable places was the norm for them.
“You cast your spell over the world tree?” Strange had moved closer, eyes intent on Jörmungandr.
“I believe that the world is about to change,” Xavier said, wheeling to the front door where an impassive doorman stood. Tony and Richards followed his lead. “And not for the better.”
Steve held out a hand. “Tony, you’re having an anxiety attack. Calm down.”  That steady tone should have been enough to bring Tony out of the terror spiral, but this wasn’t
Barnes shook his head. “I can’t,” he said. “Not yet. Not until I’m…better.” He met Tony’s gaze. “Can you help me?”
“Who decides that?” Steve asked, eyes flicking towards Bucky, concern in every line of his body. “Is it God?”
He hadn’t let Jim see the arm while he’d been working on it. Just forced him to stand for hours getting the 3-D images done. The bitching had only started after the third hour. Soldiers, it seemed, were used to standing still for ages.
“I bring gifts!” Tony declared, opening his arms expansively. “Well...uh...gift.” He nudged Bruce.
“I’m sure you’re leaving a whole bunch out,” Bruce said with a small smile. “And the story will most likely get more fantastic as you tell it. I’m just glad you’re back safely and that the mission was a success.”
“It’s your decision, Tony. I don’t know what it will mean for you, or us, or the rest of humanity, but Odin wouldn’t have sent it to you without having a pretty good idea of the kind of guy you really are.”
“It includes everyone I know,” Tony declared, pointing at Loki. “Consider it a blanket ‘Keep Off the Grass’ sign.”
The diminutive use of his name brought back another rush of memories. Steve and Bucky, Bucky and Steve. They had been the best of friends and Tony had managed somehow, to give Bucky back to Steve again.
“Definitely sad.” Bucky nursed his own coffee, holding it with his new hand, still clearly enamored with it. “Steve being sad is the worst.”
“Yeah, that means nothing,” Tony admitted.
the fucking Terminator!” Bucky shouted. Tony flipped him off.
“We’re somewhere on the east coast,” Sam said.
problem than ours.”
“Well, fuck you all!” Tony’s voice had them all swinging around. He stood on the ledge he used to remove the Iron Man armor with his fists propped on his hips. “Ye of little fucking faith!”
Strange’s mouth quirked in small smile. “He bequeathed the Eye to me when I gained the ascendance to Sorcerer Supreme. It is in my care until the next comes along.” He held out a hand. “Come with me now. It is time.”
Steve laughed. He couldn’t help himself. He was really glad to get to know this kid in this life. He’d missed out on so much.
“You thought only of your friend.” Wanda wasn’t looking at him now. She was staring intently at the screen. Red swirls of light wound around her arms and hands, restless snakes of power that appeared eager to be used.
He came over to where they were sitting; dropping down behind Bucky so that he was bracketed by Steve and him. He wrapped his arms around Bucky’s waist, scooching in so that Steve could feel the heat of his body. “You’re coming back to us, Bucky,” he said softly.
The silence in the room was deafening.
to talk to us.” Steve wanted Tony to stop and think, just for one moment, that the blame for the mess they were in didn’t rest entirely on Steve’s shoulders. “I’m not saying I want a get out of jail free card. I
Tony didn’t really want to talk to anyone. He wanted to run up the stairs and present Barnes with his new arm. But he’d promised Pepper that he would stop avoiding the world. “Sure,” he replied.
“With a few amendments of our own.” An usher handed a set of documents marked with a couple of tabs to Tony who passed it directly to Bruce.
“So do I.” The voice from the doorway had them all looking up. War Machine stood with his hands on his hips. “What did y’all do to him?”
“By, the by, our hunter friends have suggested that we summon Set and get him to exorcise his victims.” Tony watched Thor’s face closely. He appeared to be considering the plan.
“We’re going to get you back,” Steve said as he crouched beside Tony, brushing his hair away from his forehead. “I promise, Tony, we’re going to get you back.”
Bucky laughed harder. “You have a type, you moron. But, unlike me, Stark is interested. So what are you going to do about it?”
Well, he actually knew
Jim’s expression was flat. “You’re an idiot.” He said it like he believed it.
“Tony, you don’t deserve him. You never have. None of you. He’s given and given and given until he’s almost empty and I swear to all that is holy, Rogers, if you ever put one foot wrong with him again, I will find a way to end you.”
“But you’re a big guy,” Cooper pointed out.
Tony wasn’t sure, right until that moment, what the sound was that a heart made as it broke. “So was I.”
DUM-E beeped at him, trundling forward.
“Ms. Maximoff will not get the better of me again,” Vision assured them.
And some of your lovely comments are helping me with the story.
This is the first thing I have written in 2 years. I'm going to finish this, dammit. I promise.
“I’m not that guy anymore,” Steve said, lifting his head again. “I don’t really like who he grew up to be.”
“Do you trust
Tony sat up straight. “Nothing,” he said. “Why would you think anything was wrong?”
The Quinjet landed and Bruce and Bucky climbed on board quickly. Bucky was dressed in his Winter Soldier uniform, mask and glasses included. Steve had flashbacks to the streets of Washington when he’d first seen Bucky. It still made his heart hurt to know that he’d fought him like that. Hurt him like that.
“I’ll let you put a bullet in my brain before I betray him again.” He allowed Rhodes to see the truth in his eyes. “I give you my word.”
“Because Clint needs to call Laura.” Steve used her affection for the Bartons to convince her. He refused to think of the fact that Tony’s number hadn’t been on the phone.
“Still sleeping?” Bruce asked.
Tony grinned. “I’m the original Great White, baby. I’ve got this.” He put a hand on Bruce’s shoulder. “I know you think the world hates you. I promise you, that’s not true.” He crossed the fingers of his other hand behind his back, because not
?” he demanded.
“Your AI knows not to keep secrets from us.” Laura looked unbearably smug. Tony wondered why the hell he’d let her into his life at all. Then he remembered how efficient she was.
“Takes one to know one, Iron Baby.” Bucky’s sardonic reply had Tony lifting his head to glare at him.
Tony sidled over to Steve, and pressed a kiss on the spot. “My mom always kissed my boo-boos to make them feel better,” he said.
“Probably at least a day,” Bruce answered for them. Tony glared at the back of Bruce's head, willing his hair to catch fire. Then he remembered that if that happened then the Hulk was likely to show up, and that would be the end of his precious, precious lab.
“Tony is the proverbial cockroach,” Rhodey told Steve, mouth thin and irritated. “He’d survive a nuclear explosion.”
Clint nodded. “Time to lock and load, kids.” He looked at Rhodey. “You up for a mission, Rhodes?”
“I was born ready,” Pepper told him. “I’d like you to meet a friend of mine.” She bared her teeth at Tony, shark-like and evil. “Tony, this is Steve. I know how much you wanted to …mffff.” The rest of her statement was muffled behind Tony’s palm.
“Make Steve’s death worth something, please Tony.” Bucky’s words cut sharp and deep.
Loki followed him in, still nude, still indifferent. “I can do many things, but the venom from the Jotun is not for mortals to bear.” Everyone turned anxious faces to them. He ignored the tears that streaked Pepper’s cheeks and the fact the Clint and Natasha were standing beside Tony’s bed with their heads bowed.
“What part of me saying that I’m not going anywhere did you not understand?” Steve pulled Tony up into a hug. “I won’t make that mistake ever again."
“Right. So we're good?” He gave her the thumbs up.
Tony glared a death ray into the back of Clint’s head. “I can always turn your current suite into a steam room, Legolas,” he threatened.
Tony jutted a finger at Steve. “He did.”
“So you’re still the baddest ass around, Nat?” Clint asked her as they headed to the training arena.
Vision frowned. “There are no bones involved in humor, Tony. It’s merely a matter of…” He paused, computing what Tony had said. “Ah, one of your human colloquialisms. I see. Ha ha.”
“She's fine,” Tony assured him. “She's confined to the compound, currently. Vision's keeping her company.” He wasn’t going to let Steve get to him on this. He’d done the right thing, dammit.
It's happily ever after...
say anything?” The sheer rage that emanated from Pepper was extraordinary. Steve was more than a little afraid.
“Name it,” Steve stated, confirming Tony’s thoughts.
Steve was reluctantly impressed with Loki. He was taking responsibility for his actions in a way that was entirely unexpected. “Isn’t there something else we could offer him?” The expression on Thor’s face made him want to do something.
“What?” Tony was appalled. “Don’t you dare give me any power of you, asshole. I’m not your keeper!” The thought terrified him.
Tony was highly skeptical. “Forgive me for doubting you, but Loki is pretty much the dictionary definition of mischief, Thor.”
Tony hated them all.
~o0o~
Bruce frowned. “What set this off?” he asked. “This is light years ahead in technology.” He lifted his head to look at Tony. “What’s really going on?”
Tony lowered his gaze to his hands. Bucky and Steve were holding onto him as though he was a center that would prevent them from flying apart. He wasn’t going to be the one to make that come true.
already naked,” Steve pointed out.
Tony shrugged. “I had fun fiddling with her.” He rolled his shoulders. “I guess he found his brother?”
“Tony…” Steve stepped towards him.
Tony shrugged. “It’s all about the attitude, Brucie-bear.”
“Tony’s head is proportionately the right size for his body,” Vision pointed out.
like Harry Potter, Captain Rogers.”
“Easy is boring,” Steve said. “And, I know you, Tony."
“Set.” It was only the one name, but Tony could see her react to Steve’s voice.
“You should have let her make that decision herself,” Steve said.
“I fucked up, Tony,” Steve admitted. “If I’d told you about Bucky and your parents…”
Fury’s eye narrowed. “You know, I much preferred you when you didn’t hang around with Stark so much,” he said. “Your sarcasm quotient increases exponentially with the time you spend with him.”
“Uh.” The deep voice at the door had every cell in Tony’s body stand erect.
“Okay,” Coulson said. “So how much do you remember of the future now, and have you made any major changes since you got back?”
Vision’s placid face revealed nothing. “I believed you were wrong, Dr. Banner.”
Steve gives Tony the sit-rep. Tony & co decide they're crashing the party. Steve wonders when he lost control of the Avengers. Tony & Rhodey catch up.
Clint and Natasha appeared torn. They were pissed off at Steve but the concern for his well-bearing was still there.
“We still have our rooms there?” Clint grinned. “Sweet.” He looked at Steve. “Not that I’m not deliriously happy to be back with the team, Cap, but my suite at Avengers Tower is literally home away from home.”
“Shit.” Natasha crouched down in front of Tony. “What did that bitch do to you?”
Tony stared at the glass in trepidation. “What?”
Dean shrugged. “What can I say, we’re popular guys.”
“Really?” Bruce asked with a desperate pitch in his voice. “You’re in a romantic three-way relationship with two old-age pensioners who could bench-press a plane; and Wanda and Vision being a couple is the weirdest thing?”
“Hold on a minute.” Steve leaned forward. “You’re saying that Hell is for humans, and Purgatory is for monsters?”
“I'm responsible for my own evolution, Tony,” Vision assured him. “J.A.R.V.I.S. was the infant version of me.”
Steve couldn’t breathe. “
They both looked up and being hit by two delighted smiles was enough to make him smile back. “Hey yourself,” Tony said, crooking a finger at him. “C’mere.”
told you that I didn’t want anything from those judgemental assholes in my wardrobe.”
Bruce had opted to sit this one out, mostly because he had no idea how the Other Guy would react when he hit Hell, but also because someone needed to stay behind. Clint and Natasha had both seemed far too eager to face Old Nick.
Tony stepped in front of his wildly waving arms. “It’s okay to be pissed,” he said, keeping his voice level. “But sometimes we have to make the hard choices.”
“Only if he wants to.” Steve didn’t take his eyes off Tony.
“Gentlemen, let me remind you that this is
That made Tony more than a little nervous. “What
“Maybe,” Tony acknowledged, “But I’d just watched a lunatic put liquid fire into the blood of the woman I loved and I wasn’t sure that what the witch showed me couldn’t happen. Nothing was off the table after a portal opened and Thor dropped in.”
Tony exchanged grins with Rhodey and Bruce. “Now
“Don’t think I haven’t spotted the sarcasm, mister,” Tony said, glaring at him. “I’m not negotiating on this.”
Bucky laughed. “Because you always forget what an asshole
” Skurge said as he led them to the stairway.
“So glad you asked.” Crowley beamed at him as though he was a favorite pupil. “I believe I need folks of your caliber down here. You know, to keep the troops in check.”
Steve looked at Bucky. “I wouldn’t have pushed,” he repeated, suddenly unsure.
“I may be retired, but I’m still in the damn game,” Fury snapped.
When he wakes up that day, he thinks of one too many teenage romance movies that he’s been forced to see. How in almost every one of them, there’s the scene of the heroine and her love interest sharing a last intimate moment before going into battle.
Said man fails to assign Rhodey’s tone of voice a proper emotion, but figures it doesn’t matter anyway, since his life is shit at this point anyway.
“We know this is hard on you.” Natasha hesitates, as if measuring her next words carefully. “But Tony is - ”
He almost wishes for Rhodes to come back and slap him, but then the Colonel probably wouldn’t let him see Tony for at least five days if he did and Steve wants to make this right.
He can’t.
“I know Tony often blames himself,” Steve replies carefully. “Which is why I told him it wasn’t his fault.”
“I’m gonna make us some food,” Steve said curtly, without looking at him.
“Will you come upstairs?” He asks softly.
“Tony,” he murmurs gently. “Let me help you.”
“Help! Somebody help, please!”
Rhodes eyes him. “That why you regret it?”
A breathy little
“Sorry.” It’s Bruce, approaching him carefully.
“Yeah,” Tony croaks.
The fact that that actually is a reason to believe Tony was still relatively in control of himself probably should worry Steve more than it does; as it is, he’s just glad Tony isn’t already past that stage.
It feels like all the arguments they had at the beginning of their relationship, when Tony hadn’t trusted him that much yet, and when Steve hadn’t known how to handle Tony’s bad days.
“Jesus, Tony,” he says. “That’s not what I’m here for.”
“Tony,” she said, much more gently than she normally would’ve. “You volunteered to go to the Van Dyne’s fundraiser.”
They heard him swing away in the direction of the loud crashes, but that seemed as though it was lightyears away from Steve.
Somehow, in his heart, he already knows.
“Well, it did.” Tony looks down to wheres he’s sitting on the couch with indifference. “And you’re the one who has to live with it.”
“Steve and I were training. I felt exhausted and dizzy, and then suddenly I couldn’t breathe and legs just gave out on me.”
Tony’s eyes follow him out the door.
And that’s how Steve came to living under an Omega’s roof.
“It is a good movie,” Steve clarified. “The ending was so hopeful.”
(Steve sounds exactly like he did when he asked Tony out that very first time.)
Guilt immediately begins to swirl in his gut.
But Steve, well, Steve very much is.
But Tony shakes his head, suddenly overcome with the need to make sure Steve would remember know Peter for the hero he
Steve is at a complete loss of what to do, and so he does nothing.
Tony smiled as he smoothed his finger over the delicate swirl of Steve’s handwriting. A warm feeling spread through his chest, one that he hadn't felt in twelve months.
They go about their day and Tony takes medication for his blood pressure and his heart, and Steve is even more strict about a decent sleeping schedule, but they don’t talk about it.
mess, he’s been the one to start working with Ross, and he’s also been the one to continuously go against his orders, thus making the secretary like them even less.
As he was sitting there, staring at the screen and trying not to think about his mother, time stretched on and slowly crawled into the wee hours of the mornings.
Steve raises his chin. “To Tony.”
Rhodey visited him, as well as Bruce and Natasha.
“Okay,” Steve agrees easily.
“I saw him. He put something in your drink.
Tony considers making a u-turn and running. His pride says no. His pounding heart says yes.
(He has to take a moment to
Tony hated his life.
Yeah, that’s what Tony tells Bruce.
Peter’s shaking fingers bury themselves more insistently into Tony’s clothes. He looks back at his kid and sees Peter stare at him with big, pleading eyes.
But letting his ex fuck him after two years of silence? That’s a new low, even for him.
Steve smiled a bit. “Yeah. I’m just trying to figure out which one won’t be so bad.”
, why do you keep bringing me motor oil, I swear to god, one of these days I’m gonna donate you to the nearest High-School.”
As he leaves him room and heads for the kitchen, he realizes he hasn’t felt this lonely since he woke up in a completely different century.
He knew Steve didn't like these kinds of events. The many people who wanted to talk to him, wanted a piece of Captain America, even if it was just a handshake, made him nervous. Tony’d been surprised when Steve decided to come along to this one, even when Tony had made it abundantly clear that he would be fine going by himself.
Natasha rolled his eyes at him, but took his hand. “Step on my foot and you’ll regret it.”
He grinned. So that was why Steve had been reluctant to join him yesterday.
When he was done desecrating their gym, Clint grinned at him and left.
The guilt has filled him up with so much energy that Tony is just about ready to throw the plan to hell and go kill Thanos with his bare hands.
Peter’s hands clutch the bread so tightly a few crumbs fall onto the kitchen table. “You better,” he mumbles quietly.
“And how would you know that?” Peter hisses, glaring at him. “You weren’t there the past two years!”
Their lips meet for another kiss, and this time, Steve doesn’t push Tony away. He pulls him closer, until he can feel Tony’s body heat through his clothes.
Peter frowns. “Why’d you come here?”
Tony stares at him. “Yeah, Peter likes it. Don’t you remember?”
It was tempting to make something up, dent the role he played in it all, but he already lied about this once, and the repercussions still send knives of guilt into his heart every time he looks into Tony’s eyes.
Steve flinches, but before he can respond, Tony already barrels on, now slightly panicked.
The doctor draws some blood from Tony’s right arm, then leaves them to get it tested.
Steve sighs. “I know.”
“Tony -“
She’s tapping away on the communication device she’s been provided with, keeping tabs on how the world is dealing with the crisis, and says “Be glad I’ve been trained to ignore my surroundings if I need to. Otherwise you’d be pretty annoying right now.”
Strange frowns at him. “You know him?”
Cho administers medication for Tony, designed to keep the need for air at bay and allow a more peaceful passing.
He brings him breakfast in bed, complete with a cake and candles, cuddles him and doesn’t complain when Tony suggests to watch
As soon as Tony felt him moving, he jumped backwards, nearly falling off the couch in the process.
Tony doesn’t know whether to feel worried or just so stupidly, madly in love that it drowns out everything else.
Eventually, it’s the guilt that makes him get to his feet.
Steve picks up after the very first ring, sounding cautious and nervous.
Steve was still staring at him, which made Tony fidget nervously. “Only if you want to, of course. But I figure it’s better than staying here with Clint and all his decorations, right?”
But still, he can’t bring himself to leave Tony alone for more than a few hours at a time. It feels like a horrible pull when they’re away from each other.
He’s on his husband’s side in under a second.
“Yeah.’’
“I know buddy,” Tony soothes. “But you’re running a fever, so we’re gonna have to check your temperature and try to get that down a little, yeah?”
Rhodey smiles sadly. “I know. But he’s going to come back, and he’s not going to love you any less when he does.”
M.O.D.O.K. had once again convinced some poor scientist to work for him and assigned him to create a serum that would turn Captain America into their mindless puppet. So far so good; that was just how their weeks went as Avengers these days.
Steve swallows. “Yeah, I, I’d like to.”
(Tony’s always been so good at improvising.)
He’s still sitting there a few hours later when he hears Peter’s steps in the living room.
When Steve finds himself opposite of three determined pairs of eyes and hears the doors to the training room slide shut, he doesn't have to ask.
Tony watches him with his hands clenched to fists as he turns around and leaves.
“I thought I was sparing him, at first,” he murmurs. “You know how much he misses his mother. But now, I think I was sparing myself. I didn’t want to face that conversation and see him hurt.”
He trails off, and suddenly, the panic is back.
“Do you want some company?” He asks instead.
“I lost my kid,” he says, and his voice breaks. “Peter’s gone, and it’s my fault.”
The bots beeps at him and rolls away.
Tony’s heart feels like it’s physically breaking in two. “Baby -”
It means more than the letter ever did, Tony knows that much. Even if they never manage to be in a relationship again, it’s an olive branch shining through the darkness.
The second and third time, Peter stays for the whole weekend and Tony makes sure to attend every meeting he’s got scheduled during that time. (Pepper stares at him in complete and utter shock - as if he’s got some kind of alien possessing him.)
Well shit. Tony felt his cheeks start to warm. And all that he managed to squeeze out of his mouth was “Uh.”
“I’m here,” Rhodes points out dryly. “And you haven’t exactly been good company recently.”
He trails off, seems to steel himself, then looks right at Steve.
By the time the landscape got more shallow, Tony wasn’t feeling the snow in his boots anymore. He was almost inclined to admit that Steve’d been right in saying the hike would be worth it.
Steve wasn’t awake yet, which made the whole thing even worse, because it left Tony with the freedom to stare as much as he wanted to.
With a bit of swearing and much more patience on Steve’s side they managed to get a fire going. The effect was immediate; Tony felt like his fingers and toes were just then slowly coming back to life.
Steve paces.
(He still hears his mother screaming. He still feels Barnes’ face beneath his fists. He still sees Steve hovering above him, his shield raised.)
Steve sits in his ridiculously comfortable chair and cries.
Steve frowns. “Sweetheart-”
after all.
Eventually, it was Tony who lost the fight with his exhaustion and fell asleep. Later that day, he woke up with a blanket tucked around him and no sign of Steve.
Still, it’s not enough, sometimes. More often than not, he ends up with insomnia.
But he feels the need to be close to him anyway, and the workshop is the only thing left of the old Tony that hasn't been touched since.
Dodger whines and presses his snout into Steve’s knee.
“Bruce,” he says, throat scratchy. “What am I going to do?”
“As soon as I turned around back then, I wanted to run back to you,” Steve whispers. “I knew I was making a mistake. But I couldn’t face you either, not after what I did.”
At the Tower, Steve started to steer him towards, the MedBay, which Tony protested until Steve relented, after Tony promised he’d only had one sip of his drink.
“- and I didn’t intend to pressure him into anything. He doesn’t have to talk to me if he doesn’t want to.”
“I had one in my workshop,” Tony defended himself, without even really knowing why.
He was alone.
Tony blinked. “What?”
But Peter needs him.
“You’re drunk,” Steve responds gently. “And we haven’t gotten along well the past couple of days.”
Tony has fucked up plenty of times in his life.
“Good job, buddy,” Tony says hollowly.
(Almost too easy; too easy to pretend nothing ever happened between them.)
Steve glances into the kitchen, where Tony is laughing at a now even more flour covered Peter, and knows Rhodey’s warning was unnecessary. He’d never forgive himself if he did them wrong again.
It happens too fast for anyone to do anything.
As soon as the clock struck midnight, something changed in Tony. It was December 16th now, and he was 17 again, standing alone on a graveyard.
In their day-to-day lives however, the worry was more of a constant state of anxiety. Tony was a spitfire, had always been, and that didn't change after they started their relationship. He never held back, be it towards reporters, villains or overly pushy Alphas at galas. And Steve instinctively wanted to move in front of him every time Tony got into an argument.
It took a few moments for Tony to realize that neither of them had verbally acknowledged the other’s presence. Tony because he was too busy admiring the goods, and Steve because he was now moving towards the treadmills.
“You should ask him out,’’ Natasha added absentmindedly.
“Yes,” Strange says. “But my hands won’t let me perform surgeries anymore.”
“Hey buddy.” Steve smiles softly.
“Stay.”
There’s not enough air in the room; his lungs refuse to obey to his command, and all around him, there’s this weird hum instead of what he was actually supposed to be hearing and -
“It’s not that far,” Steve said. “We’ll get back to the cabin before the weather gets really bad.”
“I know,” Steve says quietly.
“Food,” Steve repeated. “For dinner? Before the movie?”
“Or lure him out,” the raccoon says grimly.
He hesitated. He didn’t know if Steve would appreciate any stories about Howard, but he felt like he had to acknowledge Steve’s honesty somehow.
Steve’s eyes widen.
“Tea?” Tony teased. “Thought Captain America wouldn’t go for something English.”
. There’s nothing that can bring down Tony Stark.
Natasha rolls her eyes. “Of course he is. It’s been two years.”
Steve decides to not dwell on the fact that they’re apparently that obvious.
It was both the longest and quickest kiss of Steve’s life.
The doors to the ballroom were opened and little by little, some of the guests started making their war over to dance.
“Alright,” Steve said weakly.
A clock is steadily ticking in the corner of the room.
Suddenly, Tony was moving towards him, and then Steve was cut off by Tony’s lips on his.
Steve has often wondered what made Tony decide to take in a teenager.
Steve takes a deep breath. He’s no stranger to Tony’s insecurities, but knowing that this time, they’re his fault...
Luckily, they reached the dining room before Clint had the chance to ask him what he meant by that.
Tony mumbled his affirmation and turned away to avoid staring at that adorably amused expression. At this point, he couldn’t even deny his crush to himself. (And now they were alone. In a cabin. He
Steve inhales sharply. “Tony...”
His voice is small and frantic, his young body trembling in fear as his body dissolves right under Tony’s hands, who can’t do anything but stare and weep.
“Yeah,” Steve said, something heavy suddenly in his voice.
The nickname made his heart flutter. It seemed like, wherever Tony Stark was concerned, Steve was reduced to a helpless mess.
But still, he can’t help but wish for Tony’s company. He can’t help but dwell in their old memories. Memories of Tony’s smooth skin under his fingers, his soft moans, the way he melted under Steve’s touches. He’s always found Tony exceptionally beautiful, but in these moments, whenever they made love, he almost seemed divine to him.
As well as billions of other people.
“Next time, you’re welcome to help me,” Bruce said pointedly.
“And who’s decision was that?” FRIDAY asks.
“Tony?”
She sighed. “Don’t worry, Tony has no idea. But do yourself a favour and ask him out already. I don’t even want to know how long this has been going on.”
, but he’s also not, and as he thinks about what Natasha said, he knows she’s right.
without even looking at what Steve meant.
(A part of his brain wonders why so many of their team had to go, and yet, that man was still alive, but he quickly shushes it. It’s not going to do them any good, thinking like this, he knows that.)
Steve’s hand fumbles for Tony’s neck. The pulse is there, but weakened, and slow.
They were lead to their table by one of the waiters; it was huge and round, leaving space for a dozen other guests. Tony hurried to take the seat next to Clint, relieved when Natasha was the one to sit next to him and Steve was at the end of the group. (They’d accepted Bruce’s rejection of the offer to come with them - nobody was keen on jeopardising this year’s good track record with The Other Guy.)
And nobody would ever be able to take that from him.
He drops the tools he’s holding and clenches his hands into fists.
“You were right,” Steve said. By now, they’d migrated to the couch in front of the fireplace, and covered in blankets as he was, Steve looked nothing short of adorable.
“It’s nice,” Tony says, who’s been looking around the spacious living room for the past five minutes. “It suits you. Although, to complete the American Dream you’re missing a wife and two and a half kids.”
“He gave me a room to sleep in, ordered clothes for me.” Bucky sounded choked up. “He made me eat three meals a day, nagged me like my mom used to.”
Tony’s cheeks puffed out as he took a breath. “What the hell, here goes nothing,” he said, reaching down and pressing the hidden releases that allowed him to remove and replace the arc reactor.
has he done this?”
Yggdrasil assured him.
“Along with the huge-ass hole in Sokovia,” Sam added.
“Yup.” Tony nodded. “Saw that. With my own two eyeballs in fact.” He indicated said eyeballs.
~o0o~
“F.R.I.D.A.Y., can you please ask that Barton and Bruce meet us here? And remind my sometimes green buddy that Romanoff is here.”
“Yes, yes and yes,” Tony said, moving into Steve’s arms. “You’re stuck with me, babe.”
Whatever he had done, it seemed as though his new time had taken a completely different turn. The SRA was hopefully a fading memory and he had a whole new mystery to solve in the Serpent Crown.
The silence was unnerving. Steve held his breath waiting for Tony’s answer. The sounds in the garden stilled too as though the world was taking a breath.
~o0o~
And Crowley nodded back, leading them through the minefield of shredded lives toward the Father of Lies.
She hummed her reply and strolled out of the room.
Here was the moment, Steve thought. Here. Right now.
Or maybe it was because he could see the reflection of whoever walked in to his fiefdom in his semi-artificially intelligent toaster.
Steve chuckled, a rich curl of sound that wound around Tony's dick like a vise.
Steve held his breath.
“Jesus.” Clint wiped a hand over his face. “Fuck. What the hell is wrong with me?”
Steve rolled his eyes. “Really?” he mouthed.
“Always,” Sam promised.
Steve’s idealism was a wonderful thing, but sometimes he was just a plain stubborn son of a bitch who didn’t see the big picture. “Impact radius is getting bigger every second.” He clenched his jaw. “We're going to have to make a choice.”
your parents!” Pepper hissed. She wasn’t budging.
Sam’s mouth curled in a smile. “You mean you’re all psychopathic murderers?” he asked, dimples cutting a devastating line in his cheeks.
~o0o~
“Then we'll do that together.” Steve had an appalling sense of deja vu.
Steve sighed, getting off the bed on the other side and going to where Bucky was lying. “I’m embarrassed for you, Buck. Letting a civilian get the jump on you like that.” He hauled Bucky to his feet. “As your commanding officer….” Bucky shut him up with his mouth.
“Who?” Dean tilted over to whisper.
“May I remind you that I’m back at your request,” Coulson said, sitting carefully down on the rickety chair that Tony refused to get rid of because it had belonged to Howard and he had no daddy issues fuck you very much.
Tony flopped back into the soft cushions of the sofa. What the hell had happened to his life?
Bucky laughed. “I’m not sure if any of you guys know this, but Steve swore the worst out of all the Howling Commandos.” Steve held his breath. This was the first time that Bucky had talked about his time before….before.
“He’s always been like that, you know?” Bucky’s voice came from the doorway and Steve’s gaze snapped to him.
Tony looked back up. “I’m not sure what you’re expecting me to see,” he admitted. He stopped. “Wait a minute.” Now that was just downright fucking creepy. It looked almost like a slot for a memory card. Which was completely impossible. Wasn’t it?
Steve, Rhodey and Bucky were all shouting at Strange while Tony’s eyes remained fixed on the amulet. He was aware of them at the edge of his vision. Their protests meant little.
“That’s only five.” Steve, as per usual, was mission-orientated. “Where’s the sixth stone?”
Tony was gone.
Tony waved them both off. “Maybe I’m taking a little strain with all the people that have decided to move in.” His tone was waspish. He didn’t need Bucky’s all-too aware gaze on him.
. He wanted to flap a hand in front of her face to test his theory.
And he’d almost fucked it up by supporting Ross.
The bay door opened, but before any one of them could get out, Rhodes and Pepper barreled in. “Move! Move” Rhodes yelled, pushing Clint out of the seat and taking the controls.
Tony flapped an impatient hand. “Fuck’s sake,” he groused, “Leave it alone already!”
Tony bristled. “Any particular reason, O Captain my Captain?”
came home,” Scott protested. His face was a little red from arguing with Tony. Steve could appreciate the feeling.
Peggy waggled her fingers at him. “This is your chance, your choice, Tony Stark. Do you accept your fate and die here today, possibly to Ascend to the next plane of existence?”
more story there.
“Well, hello there, babe.” Bucky’s greeting was a soft growl. It went straight to Tony’s cock.
Everyone else breathed a little sigh of relief in response.
Steve was coming, he thought. Because Bucky was here. Steve wasn’t coming to see Tony. Steve was coming for Bucky.
Tony wanted to ask someone to pinch him because there was no way in hell that Steve Rogers, paragon of American virtue, had just kissed him. “Do it again.” That wasn’t what he wanted to say.
Tony wasn’t even aware of him anymore. He was brain-deep in the most beautiful equation he’d ever seen in his life.
Tony crossed his arms – a feat in the suit – and stared at Loki. “So what was this all about then?” he asked.
Sam rolled his eyes. “Sure, that makes me feel
.” Steve shoved a hand through his hair, messing it up further. “And everyone knows that I wasn’t a leader alone. I always had you at my side, calling me on when I was being too rigid, challenging me when I got too in my head. If we can work our shit out, then maybe we have a shot of making the team work again.”
happy to see you too, Steven.” He met Steve’s amused gaze. “I’m feeling a bit objectified if I’m being honest.”
“Not your call to make, Steve,” Clint said. “Besides, Laura and I are on the same page on this. We will deal with the big bad dude and then figure our shit out after.”
“He can destroy life on a scale hitherto undreamt of.” Strange added to Bruce’s frantic words.
“This isn’t anything we signed up for,” Tony agreed. “But neither were the Chithauri or Loki or Ultron.” He swallowed hard. “Although, actually, Ultron was one hundred percent my fuck-up.”
Tony walked back into the dining room with a silent Steve beside him.
your team.”
positive to come out of this clusterfuck.
Clint shook his head. “How do you make everything you say sound filthy?”
“What can I say?” Crowley held out his hands, shrugging. “Father doesn’t like me much.”
“Just had a moment,” Tony said, pulling away. For a moment Steve’s arms tightened around him, but then he let him go.
“I have no idea what is going on but there had better be a plan in the next five minutes,” Pepper said.
Bucky didn't bother hiding his grin, the asshole.
The laughter grew louder and louder as he walked past the rows of guests.
Tony realized that he’d moved further down the abyss than he’d thought. He lifted his chin to look up at the watery light above him. The edge of the crevasse looked very far away. “Are you using magic to get us down there faster?” he asked Strange.
“Stark Mansion is considerably smaller than the tower,” Vision replied. “But there is sufficient space for you and the rest of your team. You will all have your own suites with bathrooms.”
“And he came up with Bucky?” Cooper sounded disgusted. “That’s so lame.”
they were.
“So what’s my power then?” Rhodes asked.
“I wanted to tell you that I’m taking off for a while.” Steve ignored Tony’s jab. “I’m going to take a road trip, not sure how long.”
Steve was terrified. Tony was unresponsive to both his and Bucky’s voices. He sat staring at Strange with a blank expression on his face. The lack of animation there prompted bone-deep fear in Steve.
“Pepper,” Tony said urgently.
There was a brief silence. “Perhaps that is why the serpent crown was created?” Vision’s calm tone broke it.
Clint was lying with his head in Natasha’s lap, her fingers in his hair as she sang something softly in Russian to Bruce. Sam was spread out on a sofa, snoring while a feather that Clint, most probably, had stuck to his nose blew in the air. Rhodey lay on the bar counter-top, hands folded over his chest, body clearly ready for immediate action if needed. Even Loki was there, isolated and curled in on himself on one of the huge bean bags that Tony had strewn across the living room.
Loki's gaze slid over to where the President, the VP and three others sat. “You can leave.” He dismissed them with a wave.
“He’s home.” It was a simple enough statement, but Steve could relate. He could see Tony’s pleased smile, even as he ducked his head to Bucky’s arm again.
“He’s messing with you, Viz,” Tony assured him, pushing the kitchen door open. Laura looked up at once, her eyes wide.
Steve put his hand against the glass. “Hold on, Tony, we’ll figure this out,” he promised.
He pocketed the phone again. “You’re sorted,” he told Scott. “Your free ride will be at Tony’s place by the time we get there.”
” Jörmungandr sounded pissed, and Tony watched those huge fists clench.
“He is.” Bucky agreed. “But he's not in love with me.”
Skurge nodded. “
~o0o~
“With you.” Bucky stopped when Tony put a hand on his chest.
Steve sighed. “Yes. You were. But Bucky, he was family.”
“Exactly like that,” Sam exclaimed, clamping his hand over his eyes.
Bruce grinned. “She’s feisty. I like that in a woman.”
“What?” Happy yelped. “What the fuck?”
Tony mumbled something in his sleep, moved his head so that his face was pressed into the skin at Bucky’s throat. Steve didn’t even try to hide his smile. “He’s awful cute when he’s sleeping, isn’t he?”
"I need to apologize to him,” Steve said.
Barnes slipped through the house like a shadow, careful not to trespass, not to offend. It was making Tony nuts.
The phone that T’Challa had given Steve rang suddenly. Steve picked it up, putting it on speaker. “Your Majesty?”
Xavier heaved another sigh. “Very well.” He looked at Ross who was watching them with defiance. “Do you understand why none of us will ever support this Bill?”
Uatu paused.
“Uh…no?” Tony wasn’t entirely sure.
Steve nodded to them all. “Call if there is anything to report,” he ordered.
“I have perhaps the beginning of the possibility of a prospect of a potential plan,” Tony said, still trying to burn Steve with his brain.
Tony folded his arms. “Are you chickening out on me, J?” He glared. “I’m a certified genius with an infinite capacity for awesome. What could possibly go wrong?”
Thor and Bucky went inside with him.
Tony threw his hands up in the air. “Oh my god!” His head was spinning. He hated them both.
Bucky winked at him. “Good to know,” he said. “Tony was being all ‘we should wait to talk to Steve before we get frisky’ and shit.”
“I don’t fucking believe what I just saw,” Clint said.
“Right.” Tony dug in his pocket for his wallet, hoping that he had some cash on him. “How much?”
“Shuteth the fucketh upeth,” Tony replied with a snooty sniff.
“You overreacted back in LA,” Bucky said, eyes narrowed. “Ran away instead of insisting that we cater to your every broken-up boyfriendly need.”
Steve turned to meet his gaze. “Yeah?” Bruce nodded. “Me too.”
“That’s the way it has to be,” Rhodey told him. “You are the most indiscreet human being to ever human, and I really don’t want to know about whatever freaky thing you do with Steve Rogers and Bucky Barnes.” He looked disgusted. And yep, titillated again.
“They don’t deserve your kindness, boss.” She hadn’t forgiven Steve and the others for leaving.
“No!” T’Challa held up an imperious hand. “I suggest you spend the time of your flight home to think about what your choices have cost those who followed you. As well as what they cost those you left behind.”
“It’s for this.” Bucky lifted his arm. “This cost a lot more than three million dollars I reckon. Even if it didn’t, it’s worth way more than that to me.”
“Just FYI, waiting sucks,” Bucky said.
“And if we fail?” Bucky seemed determined to keep battering at his own soul.
Before Steve could defend Rhodes, it was the Colonel whose face turned to Scott’s. “Let me be very clear. I don’t want any of you anywhere near Tony. He’s decided otherwise. I’ve arranged for a friend to pick you up back at the mansion and get you to your family. I honestly don’t give one single crap about you. Is that understood?” He spoke with every nuance of his years in the army in his voice. They all automatically straightened up.
“You’re not making sense,” Clint said.
She smiled at him. It wasn’t nice. “Later, puppy.”
Steve and Matilda made their way to the chair control room. Peggy was clearly impatient as she opened access doors and transporters that Steve had never seen before to speed up their progress.
Scott sighed. “Guys, I’m really grateful and all, but I really don’t want to hang out at some moldy old mansion when I could get home to my kid. I just hope Cassie remembers who I am and that Hope doesn’t entirely kick my ass to the curb.” He tapped Rhodes on the shoulder. “Do you think maybe you could give me a ride to San Francisco?”
Atlantis was getting impatient, the flashes pulsing faster and faster. Clint glared. “Slow down, lady. Puny human here.”
“Don’t think so,” Tony said. “Unless F.R.I.D.A.Y. told them you guys had arrived.”
“Iron Man, if you please,” Tony corrected as he plonked down on the sofa nearest Steve. “Now, how is this stone exchange supposed to happen?”
ogle Captain America’s dick, thank you very much. “You hurt me,” he said eventually, watching as Steve’s eyes clouded.
Tony watched Bucky do the same with Steve. “Maybe I have enough nightmares in my head,” Bucky said, simple and devastatingly honest. “Don’t need any more of ‘em.”
Tony sent a filthy glance to F.R.I.D.A.Y.’s nearest camera. “I’ll deal with you later, traitor,” he threatened.
“Asgard,” Sam repeated, shaking his head. “The home of the gods.”
“No can do, pal.” Tony held up the paper Steve had given him. “I’m here to read you a bedtime story.”
chance of me going with you back to the Avengers compound.” He managed to sound apologetic.
He felt he owed Tony at least this much. Looking at Bucky, he probably owed Tony one hell of a lot more.
“What isn't?” Steve asked.
” Skurge said.
Then.
“But that’s why I think it could be the power sigil,” Sam said. “The hand is like a puppet master controlling the strings. The serpent is who Set
“But I’m not a soldier,” Sam sang quietly.
and Steve?” He was probably pinging bat sonar right now his voice went so high. “I never…”
The cameras flashed in one long stream of light.
“I am going to feed you
“Uh…” Tony waved a hand at the abyss. “Not that I don’t believe in your awesome, but for me to run the formula, I’ll need a computer of some kind.”
“No he's not.” Natasha sounded certain. “He's....”
“Get the hell over here, Rogers!” Tony yelled. “I need some help!” He didn’t look up, eyes focused on Bucky’s slack face.
“You just wait there, Cappucino,” Tony ordered Steve. “Be right back.” He lifted Bucky easily, flying over the chasm, over Crowley and landing on the other side.
The other four came through the bay doors about half a minute later. “What’s up?” Clint asked, looking between them.
Bruce kicked him in the shin. “Play nice,” he admonished.
“Encrypted information from the files of SHIELD are available for anyone to see.”
“He’s terrified of us,” Richards said. He squeezed just hard enough that Ross’ two goons passed out. Tony watched in fascination as his arms retracted again.
Tony emptied the contents of his stomach into the toilet a moment later.
“Indeed.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. paused. “It would appear, however, that he missed several of them and they are triggered by a particular code.”
Steve snorted a laugh. “Well, you’re not wrong,” he said, heading towards the doors leading to the rest of the house. “Good night, Vision.”
he wasn’t because he knew that it made Tony crazy.
Steve could hold back his own smile. “He
Dean looked offended. Sam just laughed.
Rhodey came next. He landed outside on the Iron Man platform and shouted, “Tony Fucking Stark! Get your ass out here!”
“What?” Bruce asked, slumping a little so that Tony’s head wasn’t cricked in an awkward position.
Crowley shoved the door open. “Entrez,” he said, waving a hand for Tony to precede him.
“Fuck!” The helmet vanished and Tony grabbed Pepper’s hand. “Are you okay?”
“How about what
Bruce dragged at Tony’s arm. “We have to go. This is serious shit.” He looked at the rest of them. “It’s literally the end of everything we know.”
There was a short silence. “Very well, sir, but the evidence from the experiment…”
Uatu assured him.
Steve wanted to protest. He wanted to say that he hadn’t meant that Tony wasn’t worth everything. He
He nodded, following them out of the lab. “I’m guessing that the three amigos have already crashed out,” he said, speaking about the unholy trio of Sam, Clint and Rhodey.
Tony rolled his eyes so hard that he saw his brain. “Duh.” Then he stopped himself. Antagonizing Pepper usually ended in pain for him. And now that she and Natasha were basically besties, it promised to be extra painful.
Tony groaned as Steve’s hand tightened around his ass cheeks. “You’re an evil fucker, and I will end you.”
Tony wondered if he was actually messing with him. Nobody could be
“I’m not perfect, Colonel,” Steve said with a sigh. “I know I’ve fucked up. And not just with Tony. Clint, Sam, Natasha, Scott, god, even poor, sad, misguided Wanda. I’ve made more mistakes than I know how to count, but I can promise you this one thing. If I betray Tony again, I’ll help you end me.”
done that to Bucky.
“Harm. Yeah, I got that,” Tony said, frowning at Strange. “How does it know he’s telling the truth?”
“The travails of being a genius,” Tony declared loftily. “Seriously. Don’t stay here. Come back with me.” Tony wasn’t used to begging.
Tony flipped him off as his heart sank. He loved his friends but they were all assholes.
Tony made an eeping sound. He sounded like a demented duckling. His eyes crossed trying to imagine how his night as going to end.
Dean flung his arms out. “See!” Tony wasn’t sure who he was talking to. “I keep saying that and those stupid fangirls of that stupid dickhead, Edlund, keep frothing about them.”
a negotiation, Caponata.”
The plus side of following Strange was that he’d ignited some sort of fireball that floated on the palm of his hand. It made Tony feel a little less freaked out.
Tony was asleep before he finished saying the words.
Thor nodded. “Mjolnir allows me to harness the power of the storm,” he admitted. Matilda/Loki gave a yowl. “My brother had a staff, it was how he was able to take on the form of others.”
Hmm, maybe he was drunker than he thought.
Steve’s eyes were still squeezed shut, he and Bucky following Tony like trusting sheep. “Mr. Crowley, your Majesty,” Steve’s polite voice was incongruous as they walked through the valley of devastation and rape and unutterable violence. “Please stop. Just stop.”
“That’s cheating, asshole.” Bucky glared at Steve.
Tony realized he’d been mumbling his thoughts out loud. Bucky snickered and Tony flipped him off.
“I’m still here.” Natasha had a note in her voice that suggested she knew it wasn’t enough.
Tony staggered towards the sofa that was calling his name. “I’m going to sleep for a thousand years,” he informed the room, face-planting into its delicious softness.
Bruce stomped over to the console and keyed a few strokes. The model twisted a little, reconfigured and settled. “There.”
“You can’t just waltz back into my…our lives and assume that everything is going to be peachy keen.” He gave a mental flinch.
He met Steve’s worried face. “What is that look?” he asked, pointing at Steve’s expression. “I
“What?” Steve stared at him. “Who?”
Bruce glared at Tony. “Are you teaching our kid how to sass, Stark?”
Wanda shows Tony what could be. Tony freaks out. Because of course he can never be happy.
“Thank you.” Strange gave a little bow as they landed on the edge of the abyss.
Well, done, apart from the dickheads who piled out of the Quinjet, grinning at him.
“Thought and Memory,” Bucky said with a wry quirk of his mouth. “We’ve already been through this.”
Captain America,” Natasha said. “With or without the shield, it is who you are, why the serum worked on you and failed with everyone else.”
Tony nodded. “I think that the Nine Realms might be part of the outer universe and whatever makes up our universe is actually the interior of a black hole.”
“Can you please help guide me to the kitchen?” He’d learned early on not to be rude to or ignore the AI who ran everything in the place he lived. Besides, he’d come to think of both J.A.R.V.I.S. and F.R.I.D.A.Y. as people in their own right.
“Maybe we should wait for Thor and Loki before we jump to any conclusions,” Steve suggested.
“He’s not going alone.” Tasha’s eyes were narrowed on Strange. “We’re a team.”
Scott looked glum. “Well, fuck.”
“I think I’m gonna pass out,” Tony said, lifting a hand to his forehead like a wilting southern belle.
?” Steve wasn’t sure he believed Fury.
He found that
Loki’s gaze swung to Bucky, gleaming with an interest that made Steve’s hackles rise. “Oh, hello there, you’re new.”
The others were waiting when the doors slid open. Steve’s gaze went straight to where Bucky and Tony stood, hands still clasped together. “Ready?” he asked, eyes shuttered.
Cap never said a word.
“Unicorns,” Tony breathed, earning himself a patented Captain glare.
Bucky shrugged. “It felt right.” He turned to look at Steve. “You okay with that?” It sounded like a challenge.
Tony gaped. True, Rhodey couldn’t see it, but he gaped nevertheless. “How the fuck did you…?” he breathed.
Tony didn’t have a word to say. So he just stood there with Clint, shoulder to shoulder in silence as they watched the world bustle below them.
“The demon god Set is the original owner of this piece of wickedness,” Wanda stated, staring down at the crown.
“Well, that sounds lovely,” Tony muttered.
Loki’s face was pale as he almost seemed to fold in on himself. “When I wanted to leave, Fasolt told me I could only depart his realm if I would replace the son that Laufey had lost.”
to change,” Bucky said. “It took Steve almost  dying because of me to kick-start my memories.” He sounded bitter and angry. Tony wasn't going to let him keep blaming himself for actions he had no control over.
Bucky's mouth curled up on one side. “But I didn't
Bucky leaned over at the waist, wheezing. “You’re a hellava fighter too, man.”
“Shut up.” There was a smirk on Clint’s face. “I see that despite no longer being an Avenger, you’ve still managed to get yourself into trouble.”
Bucky. His mind went hazy for a moment.
Steve nodded. “The past couple of days have clearly been an education in not jumping to conclusions for me.”
Tony nodded. “Ditto.” While he was all for meeting new people, he had a feeling that the Winchesters would be an entirely new level of insane.
“It’s Laura.”
Bucky shrugged a shoulder. “Eh, cried like a baby, confessed all my sins, kissed Captain America. You know, the usual.”
Steve frowned. “You don’t know where Pietro’s body is?” That didn’t sound right.
“Are they okay?” Steve asked. “Is Tony…?”
Thor's face cleared. “Ah! You have found yourself a paramour, like I did with my Jane!” he declared.
“Nope,” He let the ‘p’ pop in his mouth. He liked how Tony’s eyes went even darker watching his lips. “Just enjoying the show.”
Bucky shook his head. “You just don’t give a shit, do you?” he asked.
“What?” Reed looked shocked. “Why?”
“Adam hasn’t been here for a very long time,” Michael replied, sounding unutterably weary. “Our Father took his soul eons ago.”
“DUM-E,” Bucky announced, jumping to his feet. He held out hands to Steve and Tony, hauling them both to their feet with ease. Tony had a momentary brain fart as he imagined Bucky ‘handling’ him in bed.
Tony loved drugs. They made the pain go away. He waved a hand in front of his face. “Oooh, rainbows,” he crooned.
Steve ignored the hands held out in front of him and gathered him close. “Hold onto me, Tony,” he whispered into his hair. “This is going to hurt. A lot.”
“Is she a spy or a mercenary for hire that she needs to know shit like that?” Tony was very confused.
Bucky laughed, moving behind Steve. “He was always too pretty,” he told Tony, propping his chin on Steve’s shoulder. “Even when he was this tiny little thing with an attitude way too big for his body.”
“There wasn’t any time,” Tony said. “Ross was going after the Avengers no matter what we tried to do. I
Bucky snorted a laugh. “Hey, I’m a pensioner!” He seemed astonished at the thought.
Clint waved his apology away. “Don’t worry, Thor. At least we can contact Fury from there.” He started walking and they all followed him.
Thor frowned. “Loki would not speak of this so easily if he wasn’t sure.” He looked at the doors. “I think perhaps we should do as your king suggests and get in there as quickly as possible.”
“Right.” Fury waited for it to sink in. “And while I have certain reservations, I don’t want your friend to be more abused by shadowy agencies than he has already been.”
Thanks for the comments and kudos. They keep me going.
“You can do
Tony shook his head. “I really don’t.” What the fuck was Steve trying to….?
“When I walked away from him with Bucky and T’Challa, it hit me that I’d just thrown everything away.” Steve met Rhodes’ eyes. “That’s when I knew.”
“I am the fucking
Bruce rubbed his eyes. “I’m getting there,” he said. “Vision has been an invaluable source. I just need to get an hour of sleep or something.”
The stranger with the beard and the cloak, Strange, turned to Tony and repeated, “Tony Stark, I'm Doctor Stephen Strange. I need you to come with me.”
Tony goes to Fiji. War Machine arrives. Bucky has a problem with stuff in his brain. *needs moar Bruce!*
“Don’t go.” Bucky’s eyes were a little crazy.
Tony rolled his shoulders. “I’ve got a meeting with the WSC,” he said.
Steve wasn’t talking to Tony. He was still visibly angry that he’d not been kept in the loop about the SRA, but Tony couldn’t,
,” Tony insisted. “It’s just that the UST between the two of them is going to drive me crazy.”
This time, Tony was capable of flipping him off. He flopped back on his bed, stomach roiling unpleasantly. “Okay, hit me.”
Hawley watched him, silent for a moment, her gaze like a laser. Then she sat forward, pulling the document in front her towards her. “Why don’t you go through the changes with us, and then we can decide?” She waited, one raised eyebrow that reminded Tony so much of Natasha that it physically hurt.
“I’m a gift,” Tony protested for form’s sake.
“Be at ease, brother mine,” Loki said with a gentle hand on Thor’s shoulder. “Methinks there is more to this than meets the eye.” He tipped his head to the side, staring at Bruce. “You have held this secret for a very long time, green man.”
Thor suddenly looked very worried. “And you are able to resist the call?”
Tony was about to fill the sudden silence with...something, when Natasha got up from the co-pilot chair and sat down on the other side of Bruce.
“When were you going to tell us that XZ134P was your home-world?” Bruce stared at Thor. “We would never have sent you back there if we’d known.”
“Would you have believed him?” The question had no true inflection, just remote curiosity. “Your default response to Mr. Stark has always had an element of antipathy. You disagreed with him about many things. You accepted that he didn’t want to return as Iron Man without much question.”
“Then you need to be policed like they should be.” Ross sounded so fucking sure of himself. It made Tony want to hurl.
calling you The Vision, you pretentious asshole.” Rhodey’s scathing tone greeted them as they pushed the door of their lab open.
“Why not?” Steve asked. Bucky and Tony moved to either side of him. “Surely that’s the easiest way to do this?”
Uatu sounded affronted.
Bruce grinned. “Reminds me of a line in one of the Pink Panther movies.”
“It’s Bucky, you fucker.” Bucky’s rough voice was the sweetest sound Tony had ever heard.
Steve held up his hands, trying to placate him. “Okay buddy, I'm not saying you're wrong.”
“Your dad isn’t allowed to leave, Coop,” he said. “Because he did some stupid shi..stuff, the government says he has to stay here with me until he’s made up for being a dumbass.”
He knew Cap would tell him about Bucky.
‘You are two parts of a perfect whole,” Strange said with a tiny sigh. “Soulmates if you will.”
“You deserve each other,” Steve snapped. “You're both assholes.”
“Not telling the truth is a lie, is it not?” Vision asked.
“You were a weapon that Hydra pointed,” Tony said. “You had no control over what you did.”
Bucky got to his feet, moving like a lazy tiger, all leashed strength and rippling muscle. “Enjoying the show,” he drawled, leaning down to press a kiss to Steve’s mouth. “Looks like my lessons have paid off, babe.”
Her mouth curled in a small smile. “Since I lost my brother,” she paused, visibly struggling. Tony wanted to say something, do something, but that wasn’t what they were. She still scared him shitless. “I have had dreams,” she said once she’d regained control.
Thank you for sticking with me (I hope)
And, like a sigh, it was gone.
Strange gave an odd little smile. “It was all for the best,” he said. “I had a lesson to learn and it had to be the hard way.”
He peered around the width of Steve’s shoulders. “What is your job exactly, besides making balloon animals?”
“None of you are quite how I imagined you,” Dean said, leaning against the balcony wall and looking out over New York.
They stayed like that as the sun set.
“What the hell is that about?” Bucky muttered. Loki hadn’t moved from his side, Steve noted.
“What do you see?” Strange was totally the sort of asshole who answered a question with a question.
“Set.” Steve’s voice brought them all thumping back to earth.
Coulson’s pale eyes met Bucky’s. “It’s because Hydra decided to expand its interests to the supernatural world that S.H.I.E.L.D. had to change strategy.”
“You do not give me orders, mortal,” Thor declared, eyes flashing dangerously.
“He’s going to pretend we’re not here,” Natasha told them as she wandered around, hand trailing over velvet and soft cotton pillows and throws strewn over the large, comfortable lounge suite.
Tony held up his hands. “Fine. I swear, I’m pure as the driven, innocent as the proverbial.” He scooted around the other side of the workbench just in case though.
!” he insisted. “I am a manly man who mans in a manly way.”
Clint made a scoffing noise at the back of his throat. “If it were up to me I’d let you die.”
“Excellent.” Steve beamed at him. “Buck and I will see you at seven.” He chucked Tony under the chin. “You’re adorable.”
“And just what is your type?” He watched Tony’s cheeks flush a little.
“You’re scary,” he told her.
“Bucky shouldn’t have to pay for something he had no control over.” Steve shook his head. “I’m prepared to face the music. I made my choices knowingly.”
“Just so you know,” Tony said as their breathing slowed and they were drifting off. “When you ask? I
“Where is this place?” Steve asked.
Steve felt a hand curl around his and he looked down at Natasha. “He’s so sad, Steve. So sad and angry and wounded and, oh god, I think we’ve lost him forever.” The hitch in her voice had Steve pull her in close, wrapping his arm around her.
“It was a Paso Doble,” Tony drawled. “Skewered him.”
“None of that from you,” Tony pointed at Vision. “You’re supposed to be on my side.”
“Don’t leave like this, Tony,” Steve asked.
“Steve loved his Peggy.” Bucky wasn’t looking at Tony anymore. He was gazing out at the endless blue of the ocean. “He was the loyal type.”
!” The rage in her voice was a palpable thing. Everyone took a breath. “I don’t tolerate cowards who run from their commitments.”
“I’ve spent some time with some folks you may know,” Lucifer said. “Perhaps if you opened the door, I could take you to them.” The tiny smirk on his face made Tony shudder.
“You did.” Natasha spun on a sharp heel. “Of course we appreciate you.” Tony was just grateful she hadn’t kicked him in the nuts with those.
Tony opened his mouth and Steve put his hand over it. “No.”
Bruce jumped, glaring at Tony over his shoulder. “One day I’m gonna get angry and punch you,” he warned. “You won’t like it when I’m angry.”
“Just what you think it is,” Dean replied. “A reaper of souls, a bus driver to the afterlife.”
“Well, this sounds like fun.” Bucky spoke up again. He was grinning wildly. “When do we leave?”
It felt true for the first time as he saw Tony throw himself in front of Rhodey and catch a pancake missile lobbed by Natasha.
Peter grinned again. “It was worth a shot.”
If Tony wasn’t in an already complicated and committed relationship then he might have been tempted. Of course, Dean might disembowel him if he tried. Dean had that wild, possessive air about him. Tony reckoned it was a case of like recognizing like.
thanks again - you are making this even more fun.
Sam shook his head. “You are so weird, man.” He left to forage for food, Clint hot on his heels.
Barton’s chin jutted up, “Well, that's what I heard.”
“Thank you.” Coulson’s voice had Tony shooting up. “It’s comforting to know that you’re blaming the right person.”
Thor went a little green. “My balls are still in pain,” he confided in them. “The widow has a firm grip.”
fuck relationships up.” He decided that honesty was the best policy here as it seemed that Bucky was determined not to let this go.
“You really aren’t, boss.” F.RI.D.A.Y. told him. “I think you’re having an actual heart attack.”
Tony let his faceplate slide back. “Heyyy!” He patted Hulk's arm. “Me Tony. Me friend. Hulk no hurt.”
“F.R.I.D.A.Y. open the door immediately!” he called. “Let Captain Rogers in right away!” He slipped to the floor, Bucky’s weight dragging him down.
FRIDAY responded a moment later. “Running numbers. A heat seal could work with enough power.”
“You okay now?” Bucky asked, crouching down to stare at Tony. His cocky grin had been replaced with concern. “You normally don’t get anxiety attacks out of the blue.”
Steve held out a hand, taking the decision away from Tony. It was embarrassing how quickly he scurried over to them, almost throwing himself into the small space between them.
“Thanks…I think.” Tony walked over to Jörmungandr. “Is this where it all started?”
They were a quiet group as they trooped up the steps to the farmhouse. Tony wasn’t even surprised when the front door opened and Coulson waited for them.
Sam looked up from his laptop. “Set is an ancient demon,” he said.
“You’re being reasonable,” Laura accused. “That’s not fair.” She rubbed her face against Tony’s shoulder. “And I hate that you’re giving him an out here.”
“He what?” Steve asked. He met Tony's gaze. They were both thinking the same thing, Steve reckoned.
Sam ducked behind the tree line, Dean behind him. “This way,” Sam called.
He waved her apology away. “Bygones. Besides, who else would keep DUM-E and U busy if your monsters weren’t around?”
A bazillion apologies for the lateness of this update. I've had a nightmare of a January with big brothers and assorted relatives telling me how to live my life. For a while I wanted it to end.
“Buck. Shut it.” Steve had apparently had enough. “We’re in Hell and you’re picking a fight with the Devil.” He pushed Tony forward, into the dark.
Bucky nodded towards the team both inside and outside the jet. “Managing people, commanding the troops. This lot, though. They don't listen to you much, do they?”
“Director Fury has dealt with the situation,” Coulson said as he walked into the kitchen, looking fresh, as though he wasn’t wearing the same clothes he’d worn yesterday.
“It’s torture, Buck.” Steve put his hands on Bucky’s shoulders. “I don’t want you to see shit like that again.”
“Brothers!” Thor boomed as he strode in, cloak billowing behind him and Mjolnir hanging from his wrist. “I bid you welcome.”
day. “No.” He tightened his arms, waking Bucky when he squeezed too hard.
“Satan got a nasty surprise, Crowley got an even bigger one, Apocalypse averted,” Tony said, spreading his hands out wide. “All in a day’s work.”
“He’s right, you know.” Tony’s gaze swung to Bruce who had a soft smile on his face. “You take care of all of us. Nat gets new weapons, Clint gets extra souped-up arrows, Steve gets better armor, I get Bruce-to-Hulk pants…” Tony grinned at that.
“Heard anything from the others?” Clint asked, sneakily snatching the next cup that emerged.
“Buck.” His name was a prayer in Steve’s mouth.
Fury shook his head. “I’m too old for this shit,” he muttered.
“I’m here already,” Vision announced, making Tony jump a little.
“You never give up, Stevie.” Bucky sounded completely sure of himself.
“A double water?” Natasha raised an eyebrow.
Loki looked like he wanted to protest, but settled when Thor held up a hand. “Please, my friends, remember that Loki has been exposed to the Other, the leader of the Chitauri. His mind has been manipulated much as yours have been.”
Dean slumped back. Apparently being snarked at by Captain America was one way to shut him up.  His brother just grinned.
Tony, Bucky and Steve all exchanged careful glances. “His.” They all pointed at each other at the exact same time.
kissing you,” Steve protested.
Steve nodded, still watching Bucky. He relished the chance to be able to do this, to look at him, to talk to him. He’d never believed it would be possible again. “He’s full of crap, but most of it is hot air,” he admitted. “Tony is the single most generous person I’ve ever met.”
Tony’s laugh was sharp and bitter. “He’s an artificial intelligence powered by one of the most powerful things in the universe. Who’s going to take him on?”
“Sorry, Vision. I didn’t mean to be paranoid, but it’s been a rough year.” Steve didn’t want to get even further on Vision’s bad side.
Steve watched Bucky calm Tony down. He remembered Bucky doing the same thing for him back when he’d been a scrawny little runt who picked fights with bullies and had his ass handed to him. Seeing Bucky being the rock for Tony made something in him go cold.
Bruce stepped around Tony, patting his shoulder with an absent hand. “Don’t mind Tony, Tasha, he’s a little over-protective, but he means well.”
Steve nodded. “I owe him so much more than that, but I guess it’s a start.” He stood. “Thank you for making the time for me, majesty.”
Tony closed his eyes. “I don’t know how you keep doing this to me, Steve. You keep choosing everyone and everything over me…the team, and then when you apologize I want to keep hating you but…”
“I didn’t mean to,” Tony mumbled, looking down at his hands.
“Stop smiling like that, it’s creepy,” Rhodey told him. Tony narrowed his gaze, wondering if somehow the S.H.I.E.L.D. was able to infiltrate his armor. “I can hear your smarmy smile,” Rhodey clarified.
“Hey,” Tony protested. “My optimism is entirely placed.” He grinned. “I mean, we’re the fucking Avengers!”
Loki turned to meet her gaze. Whatever he saw there made him hunch away from her. “The Collector has requested that I hand myself over to him for a period of servitude once the universes have been restored.” The words came out of him as though forced.
“Shut the fuck up,” Rhodey told Loki. “You invaded his house and took him hostage. You’re not high on his list of favorite people right now.”
“Falcon is going to be so pissed.” Tony sounded gleeful.
“Of course Tony sent me,” Natasha said. “Do you seriously think I would have been able to come up with that information on my own that quickly?”
“It’s a miniature gamma radiation emitter.” Bruce said. “I was working on it when I stayed here before.”
“Don’t,” Loki begged, still leaning against Thor. “No more, please. I cannot bear this feeling.” His fists tightened in Thor’s cape for a moment. Suddenly he pushed back and away. “I am a god!” He declared, jutting his chin up in the air.
The moment they stepped through the end of the tunnel, the hoard that had chased them stopped. They just dissipated like steam. Tony stopped. “Huh,” he said, looking around. “That’s different.”
“She left as well,” Steve offered. “The movers came later that day and took all of her things.” He cocked his head observing Tony intently. “Bucky’s right. You’re not telling us the truth.” Steve folded his arms.
“Got a call to get back here.” Barnes stood at Tony’s shoulder, smirking a little at the squeak Tony made. “Sorry, Stark, did I startle you?”
Xavier clasped his hands. “I’ve known you for most of your life, Tony,” he mused. “And while you’ve been wild, you’ve never been dishonest.”
“I hate you,” Steve told him.
“A man’s car is his castle, Agent,” Tony informed Coulson. “You’re treading on dangerous ground.”
Everyone turned slowly to stare at Vision.
“You really shouldn’t give Dean an opening like that,” Sam advised Tony with a little smile. “He’s not one to let that sort of thing slide.”
Tony raised his eyebrows. “Really, Steven?”
Thor got to his feet, Loki at his side. “We will beg Heimdall to find the Collector as soon as possible,” Thor said.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony grinned. “You’re an utter bitch, Barton.”
“Do we have to kill a reaper then?” Natasha asked. “I think Steve is trying to avoid having to kill anyone or anything.” Steve flashed her a grateful smile.
“The Set we are familiar with is an Egyptian being.” Sam said briskly, tuning his laptop around so that they could all see.
“Now,
“I wouldn’t ask you to go, Clint.” Steve put a hand on his shoulder. “You have a family to think of.”
Steve wanted to tear his hair out in frustration. “Because it’s not real,” he said, trying to keep his voice level. “Somehow, whatever that poison did to Tony, and whatever happened while he was in stasis, he’s come out thinking that he’s a superhero.”
Tony was exhausted. The political wrestling ring wasn’t his arena of choice and the past five hours had been nothing short of draining.
From the way her eyes narrowed, Steve thought that Natasha probably wasn’t buying it.
Laura Barton helped Rhodey with his jacket. “Nowhere else to be,” she said. Then flushed. “Sorry, Tony. I don’t mean to appear ungrateful.”
Steve laughed then. “It used to make me crazy,” he said. “Until one day I realized that it was all part of the Tony Stark Smokescreen.” Sam raised an eyebrow. “The public Tony is very different to the real deal. He wears his suits and sunglasses like Iron Man wears the armor.”
Tony frowned down at the box. “He said I’m not going to need this anymore.” He rapped his knuckles against the arc reactor. “What do you think that means?”
“Malfunctioned,” Tony said. “I’d already said goodbye.” He wasn’t trying to be dramatic. He’d known what his unscheduled trip into space would mean.
“Huh?” Bucky looked over at Tony. “What’s he on about?”
“Shut the fuck up, Banner.” Tony grabbed his arm. “It's like a Bandaid. Rip it off quickly and it hurts less.”
“And me?” Bucky asked. “I killed his parents. He doesn’t strike me as the forgiving type.”
She tilted her head. “And you’re not that person.” It wasn’t a question.
“We should go now,” Strange said, putting a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “The longer we wait, the harder it will be to reverse what Jörmungandr has done.”
“He sure has a mouth on him,” Clint agreed, yelping when Natasha dug a pointy finger into his ribs.
“Why didn’t we just use the Bifröst to get into Hell in the first place?” Bucky asked.
“She’d eat your heart for lunch,” Natasha said as she walked in. “Come on, guys. Here’s where it gets interesting.”
Thor stared at them all. “Many of your Midgardian customs are strange.” He smiled. “But if all of you are happy then I am happy.” Thunder rolled across the bright blue cloudless sky outside.
The skeptical expression on their faces made him want to do grievous bodily harm. “I’m being serious.” He held out his arms. The cuffs weren’t as small as he’d managed to make them in the future, but they were a way better option than lugging the armor around in a briefcase or having to wait for it to come when called.
“We all have red in our ledger, Barnes.” Natasha's voice made them both turn to her. “There are some things that we can never be forgiven for, some acts that can't be atoned for.”
“Tony.” Steve gave him a look.
“Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.” Tony wheezed. “It’s like you shoved a two by four inside me.”
“Oh fuck you!” Tony said, finally laughing. “You are such an asshole, Barnes.” He held out a hand. “Feel like helping me out with our precious princess here?”
“Seriously. Fuck off, Tones. It’s bad enough without you here.” Tony’s flinch didn’t go unnoticed. “We are
“Not right now, Tony, okay?”  She looked exhausted, dark rings beneath her eyes and skin paler than normal, almost opaque in the light. “The last few weeks have been…” She sighed. “...challenging.”
“And?” Bucky’s voice broke into the fog that had overtaken Steve’s brain.
“Tony’s right,” Steve said, reaching out to rest a hand on Vision’s shoulder. “You’re family.”
Steve sighed. “Tony, are you
Tony snorted. “So much for being polite.”
Steve met Bucky’s gaze. “I’ll catch you later,” Bucky said. “Natalia has offered to spar with me.”
“I can ask Heimdall if we have any space-faring vessels that can be used to travel through multiple universes,” Thor said.
Clint hadn’t taken his eyes off Laura. “Hi honey, I’m home.” He smiled a little, a sick, terrified thing that made Tony’s stomach hurt.
“Would someone please give the big baby something to drink, and then get him the fuck out of the kitchen?” Rhodey yelled.
“I’m going to take a shower,” Tony declared, extricating himself from their embrace. “I’m probably carrying some sort of Jotunheimian plague or something.” He lifted an arm and smelled. “Ugh.”
Bucky lifted a hand to Steve’s face. That beautiful hand at the end of the piece of art of an arm that Tony had built. “I have loved you all of my life. Even when I forgot you, I loved you. You’re my best friend. I told Tony that you’re my true north. As long as I have you to set my course by, then I’m okay.”
Natasha and Clint were sharing a bottle of vodka, drinking straight out of the bottle. It looked horribly appealing.
Tony swallowed hard, feeling the heat spreading through his body. “Uh...”
pester him,” Tony insisted, trying to drag Rhodey across the dance floor towards the happy couple. Well, Bruce was smiling at least. With Natasha, it was a crapshoot.
“Neither are we,” Steve said. “I think maybe there might have been a glitch in the Matrix.”
Tony reached out to him, grabbing his hand. “Just remember, no matter what happens, this time, there are two of us to hold on to you. And we won’t ever let go.”
“The Quinjet is equipped to handle a certain amount of time in the ‘spacial’ area,” Tony told him with an airy wave of his hand. “Rhodey and I have the suits so we’ll be fine.”
This time the scowl was real. “I’ve got game,” Steve insisted.
“Nat.” Steve felt sick. “Why didn’t you say something?”
It wasn’t until much later, when Steve re-watched the recording of dozens of versions of the Iron Man armor exploding in the most spectacular fireworks show, that he realized the fear he’d felt at the thought of Tony being gone was more than the fear of losing a friend.
Loki's mouth twisted in vague disagreement, but he remained silent as they all watched Wanda regain control of herself. Steve kept an ear open for Bucky and Tony, hoping they hadn't heard the commotion.
Tony sputtered a laugh, finally reaching out to help Rhodey. “I’m so impressed at your command of the English language, Shakespeare.”
Tony looked between them. “You two
“Think of it as Purgatory fuel,” Clint shot back.
Dammit. He wasn’t supposed to have a sense of humor. “Maybe,” Tony hedged. “Depends what you’re offering.”
But there would be time for other kisses.
Natasha, Sam and Clint looked equally skeptical. Steve couldn’t actually blame them.
“I am beginning to believe that my brother acted in haste,” Thor said. “If you remember, the creature was looking to attack me. Our foolishly brave friend got in the way.”
” He looked up. “That’s about as old as we’ve dealt with.”
“So how do we help him to regain his own self again?” Thor asked. “It is a concern.”
“It is good to see you, Sir.” It sounded like a smile in her voice.
“An answer,” Steve said, something that felt like hope curling up and dying inside him.
Conversations. Revelations. Old friends and a surprise or two. Somehow they have to get past their differences. It's time to grow up.
He shook his head. “It wasn’t real,” he insisted. “That
Steve stepped between them. “He's my friend.” That chin jutted up again as he made his choice.
He waited for the applause. It never came. “Tough crowd,” Sam commiserated. Tony offered him a fist-bump. He'd work on Falcon's wings next. Make them even better. War Machine was going to be so pissed off.
“Bucky?” He wasn't sure he wanted to continue with this. He had a feeling that things were going to go badly.
“She has some paperwork to complete for Tony,” Rhodes said, the words dragged reluctantly from him. “She’s trying to make him stay and get tests. To make sure he’s okay.”
“Fuck,” Tony breathed.
much while I was gone. Y’all keep me posted on this side, okay?”
Tony stuck his foot out and tripped Bucky as he walked away. He cackled when Bucky swore a blue streak and thundered after him. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. the Mach12 suit now!” he yelled as he raced ahead of Bucky.
“Me, maybe.” Bucky didn’t sound too worried. “Tony, definitely.” Tony could practically hear the smile in his voice.
“Steve…” Natasha’s voice cracked on his name.
Tony nodded, leaning back against the kitchen counter. “He’s a stubborn sonofabitch, alright.” He took a sip, relishing the burn down his throat. “But you came here.” He wondered why.
“Indeed.” Strange lifted a hand to touch the amulet against his chest. Tony couldn’t believe he hadn’t noticed it before.
Bucky came in behind Steve with a matching burn. Dean’s eyebrows went high. “A
The same regret that Steve had felt passed over Rhodey’s face. “Yeah.” He swallowed hard. “Well, I’ve been kinda busy.”
“Perhaps,” Bruce acceded. “And you should have talked to Tony about your fears.”
Rhodes turned in his seat. “Seriously, Rogers. You arrive in the US with a body in tow and a should-be-dead assassin sitting next to you with no restraints. You’re a fucking menace.” The look of disdain on Rhodes’ face was even worse than his words.
“I think you should spend some time at the New York residence,” she said. “I prefer the sunshine.”
Rhodey nodded. “You can’t think up this shit.”
“Yesterday,” Bucky told him. “When he fitted my arm and I told him about my dreams.” He touched the fingers on the hand that Tony had built. “When I showed how much I trusted him.”
Crowley’s mouth twisted. “In a remarkable bit of mismanagement, our Father decided that there should be a place for his errant son to reside.”
Barton hurled himself against the climbing wall, shimmying up the wall like some demented monkey. “Now that’s a threat I can’t say I’ve heard before,” he cackled as he scrambled to the top.
Steve shook his head with a laugh. “What are we going to do with you?” He sounded terribly fond.
“Is she hot?” Sam asked, shoveling pancakes in as fast as he could. They’d all learned to eat quickly with Bruce in the vicinity.
“Fuck.” Tony couldn’t take his eyes off her. “You look gorgeous, Mata Hari.”
“Like I said, too early.” Pepper handed Tony a pen. “Sign so that I can escape this disturbing new form of hell.”
. But it was too late.
“What the fu…dge are you teaching my children, Tony?” Laura bellowed, leaping to her feet.
“Someone needs to take the lead if something happens to us,” Steve said, shaking his head at Tony. “You’re the other team leader, you need to stay.”
“I’m going to hold you to that,” Steve said, bending to kiss him.
” Skurge spoke up from behind them. “
Tony didn’t seem inclined to let Steve go either. “I’m okay,” he whispered into Steve’s neck. “I’m okay, I promise.”
Clint flipped him off and wandered around the workshop, poking at various things. Finally DUM-E couldn’t stand it anymore and whistled at him.
Steve felt pretty content, sitting here in the late evening with his friends around him and his lovers beside him. “This isn’t exactly what we pictured when we signed up for the army, is it?” he asked Bucky.
“I’m trying to tell you that when we’re together, we do better,” Steve said, being careful with his words.
“But it is not
Rhodes shook his head. “I just know it’s going to end badly and then I’ll get stuck with the fallout. Again.”
~~~~~~
Thor hadn’t moved. On his knees, head bowed, his tears were streams of flickering light. Tendrils of lighting ran up and down his body as he struggled to control his rage and sorrow.
He swallowed hard, resting his forehead against the glass tiles. “I’m so fucked,” he whispered.
Tony narrowed his eyes. “Unacceptable, Barnes. Get those lips over here.” He pointed at his mouth.
Tony crumpled against Steve suddenly. He staggered under the unexpected weight. For a brief, panicked moment he thought that perhaps Tony had suffered another angina attack and then Tony muttered into his shoulder. “I was so terrified, you see. I thought the vision that Wanda had given me was going to come true if you didn’t sign.”
“Steve was the one who actually told me that you were here,” Bruce said. “He called me when you left.”
“That’s not what you said last night,” Tony leered, waggling his eyebrows.
“Not creepy at all,” Tony said. Steve squeezed his shoulder.
Thor sighed, looking reproachfully at Loki. “My brother isn’t being tactful, Tony, but he is correct. In order for an Infinity Gem to work, it must be removed from the object it is encased in.”
“Fuck yes,” Tony said, rolling out from under him and hopping to his feet. He held out his hand. “Come play with me, Cap.”
Tony glared hard enough at Steve to set his nose hair on fire.
ready, just not for Steve.
“Dollars?” Bucky gasped.
Tony stared at him. “Knocking boots?”
Amazingly, Bucky didn't call him on his bullshit. “Me too,” he admitted softly. “I mean, I've only known him for a short while, compared to you guys, but it feels like there's a hole in the world when he's not around, you know?”
Buck took Tony’s glass from his hand and put it on the table. “Besides, apart from the nurses and a couple of lieutenants at home base, there weren’t many ladies in the army. So we had to get ourselves off somehow.”
“Read it,” Steve gritted. Tony was going to pay for that. And it would mostly be fun for both of them.
Steve laughed as Tony and Bucky both flipped Rhodey off.
Tony snapped his jaw shut, suddenly furious. “You know, I’m pretty fucking tired of being the team punching bag,” he said, pushing himself to his feet. “You’re living in my home, eating my food, using my water and power. How about a little respect?”
“Mr. Stark instructed me to inform you as soon as you woke,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. told him. “He was concerned you would worry.”
Bruce shrugged. “I’m not.” Then he grinned, a big, beautiful, real-as-shit smile that Tony hadn’t seen in forever. “But I have eyes.”
Tony drank.
Bruce took a deep breath and nodded. “Fine, I’ll remind you that you travelled back in time to stop the end of the Avengers.” He sounded weary. “Although I don’t know how you’re planning on getting rid of them.”
“I think I might actually be suffering from ATTS,” Tony admitted with a frown. “It may be terminal.”
Bruce came out of the forest at least with his junk covered. “I'm really not keen flying all the way back to Malibu as your piggy-back ride.”
And then his phone rang.
“Not me!” Tony said quickly, crossing his fingers. “That guy is a douche.”
Silence reigned for a few minutes. It was surprisingly comfortable, Tony thought. Considering that they were facing the end of several worlds, including their own.
Thor nodded. “Someone told me a Midgardian joke once and I still don’t understand it.”
By the time she let him go, his entire hand was numb. He rubbed it back to life, settling for glaring at her. “You’re an awful human being,” he griped.
“You know it’s the right thing to do,” Natasha said.
“I’m going to find out what the hell is going on,” he told Bucky, trying not to kick him as he continued laughing. “Falcon, Widow and the others will be arriving shortly. I need you to fill them in on the situation.”
Steve felt another strangled laugh bubble up. “He never does the expected, does he?”
One of the remote soldiers bent over Steve’s body. “It appears as though several bones are broken and his vital organs have sustained severe damage.”
“He’ll be pissed at me,” Tony warned. “And hurt that you don’t want to see him.”
Natasha’s mouth curled in a small smile and Clint snickered. Bucky didn’t bother hiding his grin.
“God, Buck.” Tony’s voice was soft and wondering. “What did you go and do that for?”
Suddenly the piece of chicken felt like it was stuck in his throat. “I’m trying to focus on other stuff,” he said quietly, “But I’m fucking worried about him.”
finest mind in the world and you're playing Hulkzan the Green Man in the forests of Fiji!”
“Done, sir.” JARVIS paused.
Wait.
“I didn’t know then,” Steve said instead. “About Bucky and Howard. I mean, I knew about the Winter Soldier program thanks to the information that Natasha and Fury released to the world when S.HI.E.L.D. imploded. But I didn’t know for sure that Bucky was the one who was the weapon that assassinated the Starks.”
“Sure,” Coulson said with a smirk. “And the moon is made of blue cheese.”
“Brucie-bear, Brucie-baby, Bruce my goose, Bruce the boss!” he sang as he danced over to his brother from another mother. Or another science experiment gone wrong. He shrugged, grabbing him in a hug, squeezing so hard that Bruce’s glasses skewed across his face. “What brings you here?”
Loki looked like he was ready to deal Tony some sort of deadly blow. Thor grasped his shoulder. “Remember, brother. This mess is entirely of your own design. It would behoove you to treat my friends with care.”
“And is Heaven real?” Clint’s question was soft. Tony’s heart gave a thump.
“You’ve been awake for almost forty-eight hours, boss, you should really close your eyes.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. was a darling but closing his eyes had him seeing the shield flashing down against the arc reactor again and again. It wasn’t exactly conducive to sleep.
Both Bruce and Bucky had satisfying reactions to
“You’re fucking beautiful.” The words slipped out before he could stop them. Goddam slippery motherfuckers those word things, he thought.
“He sounds delightful,” Clint drawled.
Bucky nodded. “What he said,” he thumbed at Tony’s outraged expression.
Tony would have gagged if it was anyone else who said it. Only Steve could get away with being sweet and romantic in the middle of a threesome. He adored him. And he wanted in on the action.
“And it wasn’t,” Tony said. “You know that it wasn’t.”
Tony blinked and then his eyes went a little misty. “Hi.” His voice was small.
“I’ll keep reminding you of that,” Tony said. “Especially when I ignore your orders.” He grinned at Steve as he said it.
.” Bruce looked troubled.
“We’re not fucking robots that obey commands!” Sam snapped, angry at Steve for the first time that Steve could remember “We made our choice.”
“How about, fuck no?” Tony asked. “As if I’m letting you crazy kids out of my sight. Who knows what shenanigans you’ll get up to without me to keep an eye on you?”
“And who would this someone be?” Steve asked, his mouth grim. “We can’t bring just anyone in on this.”
Yay! The quest continues. I'm having way too much fun with this. I'm getting there....I swear!
“Oh-ho!” Bucky grinned, all teeth and relish. “Is that how it is?”
“Is fine.” Tony nodded. “We’ve already agreed on this truth.”
“No!” Steve, Bruce and Wanda all said at the same time. Wanda wrapped Vision in a shield of red mist before she even finished screaming. The force of her magic sent everyone tumbling to the floor.
“How much?” Bucky asked, eyes bright.
“Tony has the emotional maturity of a postage stamp, James. I have never understood why you two are friends.” Pepper’s pretty eyes were narrowed and evil. “Don’t make me regret going out with you.”
Tony struggled to sit up and Bruce poked one finger into his shoulder, causing him to collapse again. “I heard,” he insisted. “I just don’t…”
“Because it’s not relevant,” Tony said. He wriggled around so that he was facing Bucky properly. “It was when the Chitauri attacked New York,” he explained. “The World Security Council kind of wanted to blow New York up. I stopped it.”
Throwing Rhodey under the bus was easy.
“I am a fucking catch,” Tony declared. “Times magazine agrees.”
Uatu chided.
Bucky stepped between them. “Who are you going to see?” he asked, back to Steve.
He opened his eyes. She was standing in front of him, eyes glowing and face careful. “Hi.” He was still so very afraid of what she could do, even if she was on their side now. “You want something to drink?”
Steve slipped into the chair on the other side of him. “You couldn’t have told us that things were okay?” he gritted, eyes blazing. “We were worried about you.”
of their stories. Dean leaned his elbows on the table. “So, Sammy has a suggestion…”
Natasha just smiled, that annoyingly knowing smile that Tony knew all too well. The one that said that she knew something that nobody else did. “Don't worry, company's coming.”
Tony scowled. “That isn’t the first time that dick has done this.” He propped his hands on his hips. “I’m fucking banning Mjolnir forever.”
Sam shook Steve’s hand. There was no posturing, no macho trying to get a harder handshake in. Sam was clearly comfortable with who he was. “I’ve heard a lot about you,” Sam said, a faint drawl detectable in his voice.
