"Not what I want to hear," Steve reminds him.
"He wouldn't mind," she says, again, gentler this time. "He wouldn't pressure you for anything, he wouldn't take advantage of you. He isn't the type."
How long will it
"I'm Sam Wilson, I'm a friend of Steve's, and I'm here to help you folks get situated. He thought you might want to get cleaned up and wash the dust of the road off before dinner."
Tony shifts up on his knees, tilts his hips and starts to push down, reaching one hand down to hold the base of Steve's cock, right at the beginning of his knot. He slides down, engulfing Steve in his slick, welcoming heat.
Tony's embarrassment has faded, and he goes over to take a look over her shoulder. There are a plethora of choices, all different colours, different fabrics and shapes.
+++++
Steve blinked back at him in horror. "What? No."
Steve knocks on the door to Tony's chambers. The door is opened by Rhodes, who gives him a slight nod, opening the door wider.
His breakfast comes to his door in the morning with a note.
Steve takes a deep breath. "Bruce, the doctor, came to see me earlier. Apparently Ms. Potts was trying to make an… appointment for you?"
"You're amazing," Steve breathes. "God, I can't believe I get to have you. For as long as you want," he says, letting go of his legs and pulling Tony up to kiss him, uncaring of where Tony's mouth has been, uninterested in the mess of semen between them. "I'm yours for as long as you want me."
"It'll keep," Steve tells him. He nuzzles into Tony's neck, breathing in his still-warm sleep smell. Tony gives as good as he gets, nuzzling into Steve's neck in return. He takes a deep inhale, scenting his Alpha's warm, homey smell. Musk and strength and his.
"I'm good," Tony says. He doesn't say more, so Steve gestures to the table.
"What do you mean you
He moves slowly at first, pulling most of the way out before pushing back into that tight, slick channel. Tony moans, grinding the back of his head into the mattress as he shifts his hips.
Steve watches him for a moment, taking a sip of his wine.
"But you're a
"He was only bonded to me a couple of weeks ago."
Steve stands and heads awkwardly for the door. He stops, halfway, looks as though he's going to come back, as though he wants to say something to Tony.
"These are the Omega Consort contracts from King Howard," Bucky says, grinning.
"Pretty much," Tony says. "I wanted to see how it all worked, so I opened up the wall behind my bathroom at the palace, and it's all stone and iron, and I started thinking, you know, what if I could make it even more efficient? So I got rid of the walls so the pipes and channels were exposed, and I built a small coal oven under one of the basins. I insulated it so it would keep warm, you'd only have to start the stove in the morning and in no time you'd have hot water – at your fingertips! All day!"
"I don't think King Howard was very affectionate to him," Steve confides, pouring himself some wine. He takes a sip, silently offers her the bottle. She shakes her head, munching on another grape.
More muscle than a butcher's display
The god with the golden smile
Tony takes the proffered flowers, holding the bunch up to his face to inhale the soft, perfumey scent of them. He can feel his whole body heat up with the smell, every inch of him feeling warm and safe and happy.
Tony's eyes try to bore holes into the table top. "I'm sorry," he says, putting his fork down on the wood with a soft sound. "I should have asked."
Bucky bursts out laughing, completely lacking in anything resembling deference for the man who is, technically, royalty.
"He's had sex with Betas," Bucky points out. "Maybe even other Omegas. But there's a reason, specifically, Bruce is going to check for an Alpha knot test."
"God, I want to see you come over and over," Steve says, fingers not slowing down. Tony feels the crest of another wave, another unexpected orgasm, and his cock pulses in the water, his hole clenching and leaking slick that washes away instantly.
Slowly, Tony pulled back, looking up into Steve's eyes. He hadn't fought the kiss. He seemed to be shocked, but then it had faded away and he was sure he felt Captain America kissing him back. But Tony still wasn't sure.
“We can’t do this, Rogers.” His voice held no conviction.
"No," Tony whispered, dipping down to lightly lick at Steve's lips. "You're beautiful from the inside." Yes, he was a complete sap in a relationship, being with Pepper had proved that. Not that he and Steve were officially in a relationship, but even if neither of them had defined it, they were.
"Yes, but I... Tony?" Tony couldn't help the smile that was itching at the corner of his lips.
They had been doing dishes together and Tony had come up behind him, sliding his hands around him from behind. His chest pressed up against Steve's back and his hands spanned the super soldier's chest. Steve's eyes fluttered shut at the sensation. He was glad the others were out. Not that he wanted to hide what they did, but because he was sure Tony probably wouldn't be doing this if the others were around.
Steve let his hand cover Tony's over his chest, nodding. "I like that."
Tony smirked, leaning down and pressing his chest against Steve’s back and growling at his ear. “My cock is in your ass, Steve. You can call me Tony.”
“Oh, fuck, Mr. Stark!”
Day Seven: Yummy. Tony stood in front of his coffee maker for the longest time trying to figure this one out. It wasn't as though he'd never been referred to as yummy before, but by Steve (he thought of him by his first name again), it was something completely ... Tony wasn't sure what it was. He had to talk to Pepper. Steve (and again) had definitely cheated.
Steve's response was guttural, without words. Tony reached around him, turning off the faucet and turned his lover around to face him. He looked up into the pristine blues and shook his head. Steve wanted to ask what he was thinking, but anything he would have said was captured into Tony's mouth as he wrapped his arms around his neck, pulling him down to him more. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony and lifted him up to wrap his legs around his waist.
-------------------------------------------------------------------
His hopes had risen as he saw Tony standing on the landing pad waiting for Steve’s Quin-jet to touch the ground. His foolish heart expected Tony to run into his arms but obviously the reality was like a slap in his face. Tony had merely offered a forced smile and a distant ‘welcome back’ and had run back to his lab, his fort, immediately afterwards.
The only thing he could think about right now was contacting Rhodey. He knew the Colonel, bless his soul, would go to any extent to get Tony out of this situation. He had seen first hand how miserable Tony had been with Ty. The gaslighting, the causal pushes, the eventual slaps. He had been with Tony all through out. Only he would know what to do. Tony ran a hand through is usually messy hair. He had to do
“We are all at his service,” the Pierre said with a low bow.
He moved closer to Miss Harkness so he could speak without needing to raise his voice the way she was already doing it. He had maintain the semblance of respect. Everyone was watching them.
“He caught you in his arms! Oh My God that’s so romantic!” May be telling Pepper and Clint was a bad idea. But Tony had to get it out of his mind. Though he did not tell them that he could still feel a tingling sensation where ever the Emperor had touched him.
but I have no other option as my heart doesn't know
Here is Chapter 4 for you.
General Fury looked at the kneeling and defeated Hydra leader with unmasked disgust in his eyes. “Behead this traitor,” he said, “and bring glory to the name of your ancestors.”
“Are you unhappy with this marriage Prince Anthony?” Steve asked. Tony’s continued silence was all the answer he needed. He sighed.
Should he call Tony’s name? No that would be awkward. He just decided to clear his throat audibly instead. “Ahem…”
Steve dragged the injured man towards an enclave in the arena while yelling “halt” in his most powerful voice at the elephant. The elephant followed him to the enclave and stood at its entrance, trapping Steve inside it. The animal tried to hit him once more with its trunk and Steve ducked to avoid the blow. Steve waited for the Elephant to strike again and just as its trunk hit the walls of the enclave, he rolled on the ground to get out the enclave. The elephant advanced on him, moaning all the way.
“NO WAY MY LORD!” the panic and disgust was clear in Maria’s eyes. “You claim to know so much about the Great Emperor but have you not heard he is the most cruel and unforgiving ruler that the East has ever seen. He has slain more men than our entire kingdom combined! We surely cannot wed our Anthony to a man like that!”
Tony frowned and rushed to the door leading to the terrace with Pepper and Clint following close. On the other side of the courtyard, on the Royal balcony stood the Emperor, Miss Harkness and a man Tony didn’t recognize. They were peeping from behind a curtain to ensure that the party on the other side did not notice them.
“What is the second one?” Steve asked instead.
Tony spun his sword and adopted a defensive stance as he gave Rhodey time to stand again. He would never strike on an enemy who was unprepared or had his back to him. Rhodey rolled on the ground instead and when he came closer to Tony, he struck. Tony had easily deflected the blow with his sword but, Rhodey used Tony’s earlier manoeuvre on him. He used his sword to trap Tony’s on the ground and hit him on the shoulder, causing Tony to stumble.
“But, Mother, he is an Easterner,” Tony argued, tears threatening to obscure his vision. They were currently in the room that Tony had recently designated as his lab. The room was filled with various tools and parts from the armoury along with parchments full of ideas and calculations. This marriage was bound to kill her son’s spirit.
Tony let the curtain close fully and retreated into the shadows, embarrassed and incredibly turned on. The Emperor grinned at him, through the curtain, letting him know that he knew what affect he was having on Tony.
“Why do you always have to reign on my parade?” Bucky gave him a look.
Before the Emperor actually came in, Tony had imagined this conversation multiple times, all of them ending in him being hit either by his father or by the Emperor himself. He imagined the conversation going side-ways. He had prepared for the occasion in case his both his demands were denied, he had two others ready as a way of negotiation. Also deep in the borrows of his heart, he had also imagined the Emperor grudgingly agree to at least one of them. He wasn’t expecting much obviously.
“Pardon me, my Lord,” the boy replied with a bow. “But, the Queen is asking for Prince Anthony.”
But Steve also knew that as the Alpha he would have to make the first gesture, then depending on Anthony’s response he would proceed from there. There was also a chance that the Prince was expecting to be claimed and if Steve did not make the first gesture to initiate the bonding, the Omega might feel rejected.
. Sam could see the storm grilling in Steve’s usually clear blue eyes.
“These are my two conditions,” Anthony said, pulling Steve out of his thoughts.
Before Steve could comprehend the immense burden that was being imposed on the shoulders of a teenager, Fury walked over to the edge of the cliff overlooking the battlefield. “Long live the Emperor Steven Grant!” he roared. The army below echoed his cry with a united voice, “Long live the Emperor. Long Live the Great Alpha”
The Queen looked at Tony with desperation in her eyes. She knew that the King had already made his decision clear. They had also received an acceptance from the Great Emperor. She had no option but to convince Tony.
It had all been done in his honour and Tony could not even feel the excitement as he should have been. The words spoken by Agatha were still ringing in his ears. The anxiety of losing his one lucky shot at a happy life was heavy on his mind. He thought back to the entire process of cooking. After Agatha had left. Tony had all but collapsed in Pepper’s arms crying. After a few consoling words and encouraging pats from all his Omegas, he gained strength and a new perspective. Her words had made him want to woo the Emperor even more now. Her words though were not easy to forget.
“He is Brock Rumlow,” Clint whispered to Tony. “Nephew of Miss Harkness, he is the foster and older brother of the Emperor. He dares to challenge the Emperor without any claim to the crown or to the throne,” continued Clint
Tony smiled sadly at the parrots, he could sympathize with their captivity, and followed Natasha as she led him and Pepper deeper into his quarters. “This is your sleeping area,” she said, leading him to a room with a large round bed right in the centre. It was covered with lush bedcovers and uncountable cushions. There were small tables on both sides of the bed with oil lamps kept on top of them. The walls were covered in ornate carvings depicting various Eastern tales that Tony had read in his library back at home. Other than the bed, the room had a float in front of the bed with water and various exotic flowers for decoration.
“What wrong have I done to displease you ma’am?” Tony asked genuinely curious now. He did not worry much about her tone. He had faced that enough times already in his young life.
"What if it isn't?"
, it's just part of who you are. It's the rest of you I'm interested in learning about."
Tony is going to do everything in his power to make sure they are.
"A trip? I can have my things packed in no time," Tony tells him.
"You can be so obtuse, Tony."
"I don't care if you're a virgin," Steve blurts out, because he needs to make Tony understand this. "It – it doesn't matter to me. Either way, I'll–"
Flowers Steve had picked for him.
"Hey guys, everyone having a good time, getting to know each other with no hostility whatsoever?"
It's enough to remind Steve that, over the few minutes they've been kissing, he's gotten rock hard with arousal. The smell of Tony's own arousal is thick in the air, and Steve wants to drown in that scent forever.
Natasha takes a moment to look back and forth between them before she rolls her eyes, and steps aside to allow Tony entry. He steps through the door and into the room, and it takes all of Steve's willpower not to step forward and pull Tony against his body.
"Okay, so he couldn't remember the word."
Steve knows his knot is big, but he also knows Tony can take it, that for Omegas a knotting can be very intense, but also very pleasurable. Tony is breathing hard, swinging his head from side to side, panting. Steve kisses him, his body shivering because Tony is so hot inside, hot and tight and slick around him.
Designing.
it's my fight," Tony says. "You're my
"And at what point did you tell him that you
"Are you ready, sweetheart?" Steve asks him, rubbing his thumb over the sensitive skin behind Tony's balls. He pushes down a little, stimulating Tony's prostate from the outside, and Tony moans.
Wilson smirks at him a little. "Steve told me to tell you he'll come down here to find you, and take you to dinner himself."
Barnes stares at him for another moment, then deftly steps to the side and gestures at the man with him. "This is my mate, Clint Barton."
"You could have asked."
"I wanted to make sure you weren't dead, after all," she says. "Steve specifically asked me to keep an eye on you. I had intended to casually run into you in the courtyard or something, but you've made that very difficult."
God. He'll just wing it.
"Do what you need to do," Steve sighs. "But
He reaches out, takes the lace in two fingers, and rubs it. It's soft, silky, and light. It makes his belly cramp again, but it also gives him a rush of desire.
Which means no heir. Steve could name a successor, but King Howard could just annex the province and fold it back into Starkland Kingdom. It would be a terrible scandal to take Steve's kingdom from him while he's still alive, but without an heir to Steve's throne, there's nothing to stop him once Steve is dead and gone.
Pepper sets her mouth in a scowl. "You would not have. You were a great student when you wanted to be, Tony."
Tony slides all the way down, taking Steve to the root, then wraps his arms around Steve's neck and pushes back up on his knees before sliding back down the length of Steve's cock again.
"No apology necessary. Good night," he answers. He closes the door behind her, staring at the heavy wood grain of it.
That he loves him.
Steve tilts his head, studying Tony carefully. "Have you always been able to do that? Figure out how stuff works, or how it should work, and make it happen?"
"Tony, he didn't hurt you, did he? I'll–"
. Lord of America, in the Starklands Kingdom.
"You know, I never got that rule," Clint says, crossing his arms.
"I asked King Howard for help and he insisted I strengthen our political ties to the rest of Starkland by bonding with an Omega Consort of his choosing, yes," Steve says through clenched teeth.
"Look at me, Tony," Steve whispers, freezing. Tony's eyes snap open, and he stares up into Steve's eyes. He doesn't look afraid, so Steve pushes forward, slowly but steadily, until he meets the slight resistance of Tony's hymen. He's halfway in, but it's not enough, he needs more,
"Well, like you said. I'm shit at it, anyway. Might as well."
He can't become a scientist or an engineer, working in one of the cities in the kingdom to build things and repair systems.
"And it's better this way, it really is."
, you literally
Steve blinks at him. "I feel like I should caution you against eating all of them."
"I love you, I love you, I love you," Tony finally gasps, the words coming out slurred and barely intelligible as he lolls his head down between his braced arms.
"And that aqueduct thing – do you know how they did it? In Starkland?"
It's their first kiss. Tony's lips are soft, plush, and silky. It's a slow kiss, and Steve tries to keep it gentle, though he can't help the tiny little groan that escapes him when Tony's tongue licks into his mouth. In one fluid motion, Tony manages to raise himself up, turn and straddle Steve's hips, deepening the kiss and wrapping his arms around Steve's neck.
Rhodey gives him a soft smile. "It's going to be okay, Tony. It's just dinner."
"I should… get going," Tony says. "I have… I told Pepper…" He struggles, unable to come up with a lie, when his wrist feels so cold, so exposed.
. A lot, Tony, I like you so much. You're brilliant and funny and gorgeous and kind, and I mean, you're so generous, you're so – I gave you engineers, and tools, and you could have built anything. You could have built your aqueducts and your hot running water, and instead you built
been outside and he knows it's a gray, cool day.
going to say.
"Of course," Tony says, his words barely above a whisper. "I wouldn't want to crowd you, my Lord." He turns, making to head back toward the gates. He moves deliberately, doing his best not to turn and run, to escape this humiliation, this pain.
"Of course."
"Call me Clint," he says, making a face. "You start calling me 'mister' and I'll get a complex."
To put my M’back out for days.
But if it will make Tony look up at him with that big smile, with those sparkling eyes – if it will make Tony wind his arms around Steve's neck and kiss him, well. Steve has suffered worse embarrassments for less.
his kingdom will go back to belonging to Howard.
"He's going to love it. He's going to love
Much like the silence between them as they walk down the hall.
. Steve was – he was
God, really? He thinks. He wonders how long the pre-heat irritability will go on. How is he supposed to know when he's
"Of course it's not what I said," Steve said, affronted.
He opens it, peering out.
Tony had thought, maybe, Steve had liked him, at least a little bit. At least, he hadn't treated Tony like dirt on his shoe, or anything. Hadn't Steve wanted to be here for this? Sure, he'd said he didn't care whether Tony was a virgin, but those are just words. He should still be here to confirm it, to make sure Howard hadn't sent some whoring, used-up Omega.
"Thank you," Tony says, a small smile tugging at the corner of his lip.
His cock is hard enough to bulge at his crotch, and he's breathing hard, chest heaving. Shaky fingers jerk up to the button at the top of his shirt, and he starts unbuttoning it. He's shaking from urgency, now, rather than nerves, and Steve is enraptured, unable to look away as Tony slowly bares his skin.
"How are your, um, weapons coming along?" Steve asks. "Clint said you were using the engineers to build them?"
Steve gets with the program and makes his way to the door. Once he comes around behind Natasha, he can see Tony.
He'd taken a pastry from the table in Steve's room, then gotten dressed and made his way through the castle to his own room. It's early enough in the morning that no one had seen him, thankfully. He doesn't even need to send for Pepper – she comes into the room shortly after Tony arrives, a basket containing breakfast in her arms.
"You appreciate it," Bucky told him, simply. "You appreciate it, and you let him
Steve pulls all the way out, heart clenching at Tony's sob of loss, and hurries to slide off the bed, grabbing Tony by the hips to haul him over to the edge and push him over onto his belly.
Pepper leans forward and gives him a light kiss on the cheek before she gets out of the coach to join Rhodey and the men outside. "The seaside will be nice in the summer," she tells him. "As for the winter, well, it will be over before we know it."
"Don't forget the Chitauri," Bucky says, leaning forward and plucking another pastry from the basket.
"Ah, yes, Lord Steven told me about you."
"A little light reading?" she asks, one eyebrow quirked up. "Somehow I don't think the best way to please your Alpha's knot has anything to do with architecture."
"America is going to be okay," Steve tells him, meeting his eyes with a tired smile. "That's the important thing, you know?"
They'd been lovely stories, and if Tony is honest, it had made him feel warm in his chest, at how very
"I'm terrible at being a lord," Steve continues, as though Bucky hadn't spoken. "You should do it."
"I know, Steve," she says, gentle now. "I'm not saying you didn't do the right thing. I'm just saying… be aware of all the moving parts, here."
"I want to see you," Tony admits, fingers clenching into the thick meat of Steve's shoulders.
"Thank you," Tony says, then, not sure if it's enough.
He's eaten – something quick in the kitchens, much to the staff's consternation – but brought up cheeses and sweets and other foods perfect for nibbling. In case Tony's hungry. In case Tony wants anything.
Tony moans, his moving a little faster. "Sometimes," he says as a little burst of precome drips onto Steve's belly. Steve nips at his collarbone, shivering slightly at the sound that elicits.
He'd been expecting bare skin. What he hadn't been expecting was black-red lace, shining in the lantern light of the room, a deep V of it disappearing into the waistband of Tony's pants. Delicate embroidered flowers swirl around the peaks of Tony's nipples. The dark scalloped lace plunges down to bare him as far as just under his navel. His shoulders look strong and square, framed by the halter-neck, and Steve reaches out a tentative hand to touch the silky material.
It's dry, of course, the wrinkled skin tight. Nothing like the hole of an Omega. It sends a little thrill through Tony, this slightly taboo touch, and it sends Steve skyrocketing. The Alpha cries out, thrusts his hips up and his cock pulses in Tony's mouth. He's not coming, not quite, but Tony can feel a slight swelling in the knot under his lips, an obvious sign of Steve's enjoyment. Of his pleasure.
Here, the small group gathered looks more like the only thing they're feeling is obligation.
Clint looks at him for a long moment, then pulls the contract out from under Steve's hand. "I'll get this messengered to King Howard, then."
"What else was I supposed to say?" Steve growled. "He already feels like he's, I don't know, beholden to me in some way–"
"What
+++++
Tony is near senseless when Steve finally pulls his fingers free, and he cups his hand and dips it into the water, rinsing away the come and sweat and slick before hauling Tony out of the bath. He's shaky, unsteady on his feet, but Steve carries him to the bed again, laying him down and then crawling over him, peppering kisses all over Tony's skin. There's a ticklish spot on the inside of his knee, and when Steve discovers it, he gleefully presses kisses to it, grinning as Tony twitches and whines.
But now, the day they're announcing his virginity to the kingdom – for Steve's benefit – he's not even around?
Tony drains his glass of wine, and sets it on the table. He takes a deep breath and meets Steve's eyes.
He can feel Tony's cock growing hard against Steve's belly, and he can feel Tony's ass getting slick with desire as he moves over Steve's lap. Tony seems particularly amourous, and Steve hopes it's more than just a show of gratitude for inviting Tony to do some proper engineering in the kingdom.
Tony blinks at him for a long moment. "I don't…" He trails off, shrugging helplessly.
Sam grimaces, giving Redwing the last piece of meat and coming over to sit with Steve. "That bad?"
Tony stares at her for a moment. "He wants the aqueducts that badly?"
"It's amazing in here. How are you not here every day?"
." This last comes out in almost a whisper. "I'm just… worried. That it'll hurt."
"Sure," Steve says, moving to pick it out of the bunch.
Tony can see her gearing up for an explosion, so he does the only thing he's learned how to do when Pepper's about to lose her cool, and tries to talk over her, because at least he can get his piece out while she's busy spiraling into a true tizzy.
There's another beat, and then Tony is leaping to his feet, half over and half around the table and landing in Steve's lap, straddling him and clutching him and smashing their mouths together. He kisses Steve roughly, wildly, his tongue and lips devouring Steve. Steve lets out a moan, feels his own hands wind around Tony's back to hold him close, and Tony moves over him, writhing and rolling his hips as they kiss and kiss and kiss.
"I'm sorry, Tony," Steve sighs. "I really didn't think I'd have to leave you so soon."
"I'm fine," he says, moving the bottle back. Why would he move it
"Because Nat told him about the Chitauri," Bucky shrugged. "Nat told him the Chitauri are probably gonna invade, and you know how he responded? By building weapons to protect us. To protect
"So," Steve starts, after another moment of unbearable silence. "What do you like to, um, do for fun?"
"Of course," Steve calls back. "I'll be – I'll be right there."
"And he won't treat you differently just because you're his mate," Natasha continues. "If you want suppressants, you'll have them."
"Thanks, your highness," Rhodes says, giving Prince Anthony a reassuring smile. Steve supposes it does make sense the prince is nervous – god knows Steve is.
"And my father awarded you a kingdom."
that afternoon in the garden. So excited, and it had suddenly been so obvious how
Barnes looks like he's about to say something else, but Wilson comes up behind him, popping his head between Clint's and Barnes', and slapping them both on the shoulders.
"So that's it, then, huh?" Clint asks, breaking through Steve's thoughts. "You sign that and you're bonded forever?"
thinking about it.
Sam stares at him for a beat.
Steve is saved, temporarily at least, from any further awkwardness when one of the kitchen staff enters with a large serving trolley. He places a plate in front of each of them, filled with roasted elk, some spiced sauce, and some roasted potatoes. There's even a small pile of purple cabbage on the plate, and a rich, red slice of tomato. The kitchens had gone all out, it seems. They haven't got a lot of fresh fruit and vegetables, after the failed harvest.
There was silence on the other end for a moment, then when she replied, he had to wonder why she sounded so smug. "
"Yeah," Tony nodded on a whisper, looking up at him. "But I'm an idiot who's in love." Steve's eyes opened widely, his mouth falling suit. "What?" Tony smiled brightly. "Didn't expect that? Well, get used to it, because once you're loved by Tony Stark, you're always loved by Tony Stark." He didn't mention that he didn't love that many people, but he was sure that Steve understood. "And don't go saying you love me too. We don't need to get all sappy about this. I'm doing enough of that for the both of us."
, you stubborn idiot. He likes
Tony gives him a small smile, but for Steve, he might as well be beaming and cartwheeling across the floor. "Thanks," Tony says.
He breaks his mouth away, kissing hotly up the line of Tony's jaw. He threads his fingers through Tony's hair and pulls, exposing his long, graceful neck so Steve can press hot, sucking kisses on the tender flesh.
his biggest fear.
He knows he's a little larger than average, but it's not like it's inhuman.
"They don't have aqueducts here," Tony says, his voice quiet as he stares at the chamberpot across the room. "Oh my god, they don't have
, Steve. Not the exam itself, but the results. The whole kingdom – Starkland, not America – has to know that Prince Anthony came here with his virtue intact."
Tony licks and sucks at Steve's fingers greedily, swirling his tongue over the digits to lick up every drop. Steve groans, bracing himself on his knees and straddling Tony's thigh, pushing the other one up higher so he can watch his cock disappear inside Tony's body as he fucks him.
"I'm sorry," he says, coming back, brushing his hands against his pant leg. "I'm not disappointed in you. I could never be disappointed in you."
"Sure," Tony says. "I always wanted to be an engineer, or an inventor, but I'm an Omega." He shrugs, as though that's the end of the topic.
Pepper starts to wash his hair with a spicy-smelling shampoo, digging her fingertips into his scalp and scrubbing.
"I want to see you, too," Steve says, kissing him again. "I want to watch you fall apart for me. I didn't get to see your face when you came before, I want to watch you now."
The training programs in Krasnyygorod are like a terrifying parody of the Academy in Starkland. Omegas don't learn anything about diplomacy or politics or manners. They're taught to use their bodies in order to give Alphas pleasure, and only to give Alphas pleasure.
The palace itself is on a hill, but the city surrounding it is on flat land. There's a rough looking stone fence around the perimeter, with high walls, but cracks throughout.
He licks and sucks and kisses at Tony's hole, swirling his tongue over and around his tight, sweet pucker without trying to enter. As he works, the ring of muscle starts to open, to soften. Tony may never have taken an Alpha's knot before, but his body knows what to do, and it prepares itself by opening to allow Steve's cock inside.
"I'll start one for you right now," she says soothingly, heading toward the bathroom.
, baby. And, I mean, you're good and all but think of how many things this one has learned at Omega Sex School."
"But that was different. God, I don't know why I'm so nervous," Tony says. "It's the knotting, I think. Do you think it'll hurt?"
someone. "What?"
"Hey, Sam," Steve says, announcing his presence as he walks in.
Ravaged me in multiple ways
hungry, Bucky. You know that. The last thing I want to do is inflict that on the whole province."
"Good?" Steve asks him, a rumble in his ear.
Steve leads him back down the hallway, through the corridor and back to his own rooms. Luckily, there's a private dining room that he'd told the staff he wanted them to dine in. The
"You're an idiot," Bucky had told him, when Steve had recounted the story of their conversation later. "I mean, I knew you were stupid, I did, but I don't think I realized to just what
Steve tilts his head, eyeing Tony for a while. The Omega keeps blushing, using his fork to move food around on his plate without actually taking a bite of it.
So instead of pushing Tony's head down harder into his lap, Steve takes gentle hold of his hair and pulls him up, off his cock.
"Well, with you here, and everything that came with you," she says.
"Reports from the front?" Tony asks, leaning back against Steve's crooked elbow. "Things going okay?"
"Doesn't seem very clear," Steve says. "And the yellow carnation?"
to Steve's bed, but he hopes Tony finds a reason to stay.
He doesn't know how to finish the sentence, but she's peering at him now, eyes sharp. But she doesn't look disapproving at all. They stare at each other for a long moment, then she slides the book back across the table to him. He puts his hand on the cover automatically, as though to protect the book from any further manhandling.
," Steve groans. They've been over this
Bruce blinks at him. "I've got to tell the kingdom. If his hymen's intact."
He hopes.
"I – I feel full," Tony admits. "I – I like it."
Steve reaches out to pour them each some wine. "Oh, you know. I read. I like to run, sometimes."
Tony blinks.
Steve leads him over to the table, with its spread of fruits and cheeses and pastries, and pours them both some wine.
"It was fine. Uneventful, mostly – we'd have been better served if we'd brought Nat out with us. She's the better interrogator."
"Son. Heir would suggest I had the opportunity to inherit anything of his."
Whatever the reason, Steve can't stop looking at him.
Tony whimpers, and Steve feels the stretched, taut skin of his hole flutter under his touch.
"I need you to say the words, baby. Do you want me to stop?"
"Sorry, Steve, I just – they're ready to go," Wilson says through the door. "They're waiting on us."
you."
And the fact that an Omega can't inherit the throne means that when Steve dies, his bondmate
for you if it weren't so ridiculous."
"Would you like a bath?"
Steve doesn't say anything for a long moment, but when he does, his voice is gruff. "I – I'll be ready," he says. "You can come to my chambers."
Clint smirks, but Barnes' face remains impassive. "That's not exactly instilling me with confidence," he says.
"Oh, god, no," Tony says, a laugh startled out of him. "I don't think anyone's told the truth in Starkland in 10 years."
Steve grins at him, then. Tony. He likes that.
"Right again, Stevie. Look at you, right all over the place around here. I'll save one for Clint or he'll make me sleep on the couch."
"Make sure you fill it with enough to drown me," Tony moans.
"Yes, of course," Tony says, with all the confidence he doesn't feel. Will it be dinner alone? Is this where Lord Steven takes his measure?
Tony's blush has settled down, and he's lifted his eyes to watch Steve, though he still looks a little timid. Steve hands him a glass of the wine, and moves the plate onto the bed between them.
His knot starts to shrink down, but Steve's cock stays rock hard – he attributes it to the feeling of Tony's ass clenching around him, slick and full of Steve's own come, as well as the sight of Tony writhing as Steve jerks him off, and the tiny, breathless moans he's making.
"I want you," Tony gasps. He's trying to push into Steve's hands, but at the same time trying to press his belly forward into contact with Steve's lips again. He can't stand still.
"Come on," Steve grunts, teeth clenched with the effort of his thrusting. "Come for me, honey, you come on my cock and I'll give you my knot."
"Well, the rumour mill of the kingdom works overtime when it comes to war heroes, you know," Tony replies. "There were tales of an elixir that had made you 10 feet tall, of course." He gestures at Steve. "I'd peg you at around six-foot-three, if I had to."
"Good, then. That's settled."
Suddenly, Steve wonders if he can make Tony come like this, if Tony could get enough out of it, and resolves to give it his best shot. He doubles his efforts, mouthing and licking and thrusting his tongue inside in a crude approximation of fucking. Tony cries out, and Steve pushes the tip of one finger in beside his tongue, pushing and pushing, deeper and deeper until it's buried to the base. He slides it in and out a few times, searching and caressing and licking.
As if on que, their eyes met from across the room. It was like a spark, a fire burning through Steve’s body. Tony gave him a look which said so much but nothing at all really. This look made him forget that there was anyone else in the room. It was just him and his Tony. He couldn’t look away.
He tried again but after two calculated yet difficult steps he ran into something hard. The shorter man looked up and was met with a steely blue gaze. Oh my God. Not now. Not here. Who was he kidding? He knew what was about to happen and that it was inevitable. Might as well go along with it.
Before Tony could protest or stammer while trying to protest, they heard a loud booming voice from the terrace outside.
“Will you just shut up and kiss me already!” suddenly Steve was pulled forward by his collar, Tony’s lips meeting his half-way. Their first kiss was like everything Steve had ever imagined. It was like magic with Tony’s arms going around Steve’s neck and Steve tightening his around Tony’s waist.
He turned around to see his mother, the Queen enter the room. “Leave us,” the Queen ordered. She wanted to talk to Tony in private. Pepper bowed to the Queen and left quietly.
is bereft of your presence and will remain so,
“Until his last breath, the Emperor Joseph Grant, who now lives in the Great Heavens, had but one dream – to see the Rogers’ standard flying over all of America. Should the God be so willing, you shall be the one to fulfil that dream.”
There were a few who dared to refuse the acceptance of the conditions of the decree. They were against the idea of letting people from the east rule in the west. This refusal was met with the wrath of the Rogers army under the command of General Fury until Steve started taking charge at the age of 18. He lead many wars under the guidance of his mentor Fury and proved himself to be the great leader he was always meant to be.
“I know why,” the man continued to speak in a loud and jarring voice. He was swaying on his feet slightly and Tony realized he must have been intoxicated.
“And this is your dressing area,” Natasha said showing him an area with a large, ornate gold mirror, a stool and various instruments which Tony guessed were used for getting ready. Right opposite the mirror were large storage chests for Tony to store his stuff and the final touch was the dressing partition.
“Apple Pie seems a bit out place doesn’t it?” Bucky said to Tony with a cheeky smile. He knew it was the Emperor’s favourite. He was just pulling Tony’s leg.
But to Steve’s utter shock, Tony’s next step was to bow low and touch his Alpha’s feet. Steve was aware that this was a custom in the West so he went along with it. He touched Tony’s head in acknowledgement of his gesture and then put his own hands on Tony’s shoulder to bring him to a standing position. Then he was reminded of his promise once again and removed his hands as if burned.
“Sir Pierre, why are you gawking at the Prince?” Clint asked.
Steve wanted to snap at Sam for questioning his decisions but he knew that it was coming from a place of love and concern and his doubts were reasonable. After all such a match between two people belonging to vastly different cultures was unheard of.
As if God could hear what he thought, his eyes met Steve’s and the rest of the room faded away.
Her and Natasha then led him to another group of women, who were dressed in simple, linen clothes. “Let me introduce you to Ms. Agatha Harkness – Steve’s wet nurse. She is like a mother to him. And she is also a minister in the Rogers court.”
He let go off Tony's wrist immediately. "I am sorry I didn't want to hurt you." He could already see the bruises in shape of his fingers forming on Tony's wrist. Oh God he was so stupid. He usually kept a strict check on his strength but Tony just made him lose all control.
Right before they had left, a certain General Barnes had paid him a visit. Obviously Tony had heard about the deadly White Wolf of the Roger’s army, everyone had, but Tony had never imagined such a goofball would be behind that name. His look definitely did not match his personality. He was tall and muscly, almost as fit as his Alpha. Almost. He had long dark brown hair which was tied in a neat bun on top of his head and had a scar running through his temple to the back of his neck. He looked every bit of the intimidating General he was but behaved like an excited puppy. Tony never thought anyone so deadly could be so gentle.
Steve knew he had been different even back in the 40s but having feelings for the same sex was considered a sin then. The modern times and their open ideas had helped him deal with his sexuality and he would be joking if he said that Tony was not attractive. Tony Stark always had the ability to drive Steve up the walls but Steve could never understand why he cared so much. Cared about what Tony said, what Tony did, what Tony thought of Steve. It was so frustrating that all his emotions always came out, under the guise of annoyance or anger.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Enjoy Reading <3
“I love you so much.”
“Your Majesty, the food is safe for you to eat,” Clint said in a sombre voice.
Steve nodded curtly at the King. The man was average in height and built with features roughened by age and battle. He had a mean and calculating look in his eye. Steve was not impressed.
Miss Harkness looked torn as she looked from her God son to her foster son. “He has committed shameful and inhuman crimes. He has tortured Prisoners of war. Promoted subjugation of women and Omegas. When I declared that no prisoner of the war shall be made a slave, he disobeyed my orders again. He has done everything that I abhor, committed actions that I loathe. He has brought dishonour to the Rogers dynasty. I am merely waiting for the official ceremony. As Bruce becomes the Prime Minister, he will be stripped off all his titles.” Steve said in a steely whisper.
Tony’s eyes shot up to meet his mother’s and he found nothing but truth in them. He had known that breaking the marriage alliance with the Stone family had taken a huge toll on his family’s reputation as a result of which they had suffered immense losses, both political and economic.
The crowd cheered congratulations to the newlyweds. An Eastern pilgrim spoke to the Emperor as the Emperor took his throne and Tony was sent to the tent set up for the Omegas to sit in.
“Yes your majesty.” Barnes replied in a sassy tone. “The peace proclamation that was sent by you, came back in pieces so I think we know where they stand on that.”
Tony’s mother sensed his inner monologue. The iron was hot, she had to hammer it now. “The other Western leaders aren’t looking favourably upon us anymore,” she explained. “So, this is necessary, Tony. If our relationships with the Easterners also turned sour we would be fighting battles like never before. Brave men will die, homes will be looted, and our people will become prisoners of war. But, if we are on their good side, we will be protected. That was why it was imperative for your father to gain the Emperor’s support.”
Tony saw the tents being erected and the Rogers’ flag, deep blue with a lion roaring in front of the rising sun, flying all over. He could literally picture all the old Omegas in his family fawning over the grandeur and telling Tony how lucky he was. If only they knew how he will be treated. Perhaps they did and just did not bother with it.
He broke them apart midway, resting his forehead on Tony’s. “Sweetheart are you absolutely sure about this?”
“On your guard! Crowning glory of the Ancient Dynasty of Rogers, Great and Mighty King of the Kings, Emperor of the East, graces this court with his presence.” Time to be the Emperor.
Steve put his head down on Tony’s bed, near their clasped hands as he felt the exhaustion of the day’s events washing over him. He closed his eyes for a brief moment and his last thought before going under, was of a bright smile and a bruised wrist.
“Well done, Pierre,” the Emperor announced. “You have outdone yourself.”
“Alone Maria? How? He is my only son. My only chance at having a stable political alliance. But who in their right mind would except him as their omega? This boy can drive anyone crazy.” Howard was convinced Anthony would be the end of his line. He had an annoyed frown on his forehead.
"I… actually don't know," Steve admits, glancing down at the contracts. "The contracts don't name them. Just that the Consort will be sent shortly before they enter their heat, and we have to consummate the bonding during that first heat." Steve ignores Clint's lewd eyebrow waggling. "In exchange, we get the men, the foodstuffs, and the weaponry we need to protect America from the Chitauri."
"Please," Tony whispers, hips hitching forward.
"You're mean, I should fire you."
would mind?"
He hasn't had a heat before; once he'd reached puberty age, he'd been given the usual suppressants. He's been on them since he was 12, through his days at the Academy and while waiting to find out who he was being sold to – bonded to.
he's had sex before, what's the point of the exam?"
"You know I'm right," Bucky says.
that stupidity ran."
was rude of you?"
"And our bonding contract states that, during my first heat bonded to you, we have to consummate our bond."
"How are you?" Steve asks him, once they're settled again.
lose his mind."
Tony gives into it, rolls his hips a little more because he can't help it, but he stops fighting, stops trying to make Steve fuck him. It's calming, there's a sense of rightness to it. Steve will take care of him. Will be good to him. And as aroused as Tony is, as much as he wants Steve, he will have it. He'll have all of Steve, all he could want, when Steve decides to give it to him.
"Oh, sure, that wouldn't have been at all awkward. 'Nice to meet you, my liege, please, tell me, are you a grower or a shower?'"
"No, no, I mean it," Steve says, warming to the idea. "That way I won't ever give you poison oak again, and I won't give anyone else any flowers that mean something I don't want them to mean."
"Your highness, I'm Captain James Rhodes," the man interrupts him, obviously trying to keep himself from laughing. "I'm Prince Anthony's bodyguard."
Steve is standing a few feet away, in front of a bright green shrub. He's got a bundle of plants in his hands, and there's a little white butterfly – a
"Not if we don't go straight down," Steve tells him. "We'll go around the perimeter, toward the beach, so they can't sneak up on us. It'll go fast, you'll see."
"He said you'd mentioned something. A project. He said your eyes lit up when you talked about it. Engineering. Then you said something about the pipes, he said. The aqua somethings."
"It was good to see you, Steve," Tony says, voice soft.
"Sure thing, pal. Anything else you want me to spread around?"
Tony doesn't know what to say to that. How do you ask your Alpha-slash-king-slash-bondmate for suppressants? Do you just bring it up at dinner? 'Your highness, I know it makes you feel like a virile Alpha when I beg for your knot but can we just stop doing that?' God, Steve would be so upset.
But with an Alpha it would be different. He'd have a knot, first of all. And his lessons had taught Tony to be prepared for the raw, animalistic nature of an Alpha going into rut – set off by an Omega's heat, of all things, so that not only does the Omega have to suffer the indignity of their body's betrayal, but
"And I'm well-educated when it comes to an Alpha's pleasure, my lord. I was, well, I was born for this."
, Tony thinks. He takes a deep breath. "Yellow means 'disdain'," he says. "'Disappointment'. Even 'rejection'."
"I see," Prince Anthony says, looking deep in thought. "It will take some getting used to, but I can try."
anything from him," Steve said, ignoring Bucky.
"Tony," he tries, "I think we had a misunderstanding the other day. When I said you weren't
And who is Steve to deny his Omega such a heartfelt request?
"Of course," Steve says. "Any friend of Prince Anthony's is…"
She snorts delicately. "I
Tony blinks. He'll gives Barnes that much – Tony's so used to the backhanded politeness and subversive niceties of high society that he hadn't expected the question to be so blunt. Though, it is a nice change – he decides he respects it.
He's stunning.
He's alone in the bed, which isn't unusual these days. He often sleeps longer than Steve, if for no other reason than Steve makes sure to get up as silently as possible, and does what he can to let Tony sleep longer. Tony has things to do, too — work to get done, engineers to talk to, weaponry to design. And he'd been taught, at the academy, to always be up before his Alpha, to make sure he's ready for the day, and for whatever his Alpha might want from him. But Steve wants to spoil him. Let him sleep, let him work... He treats Tony like an equal, but treasured at the same time. It never ceases to amaze Tony.
Steve softens his tongue as Tony's body begins to come down from orgasm, gently sliding his fingers out and licking up the rest of Tony's slick, pressing a gentle kiss to the cheek of his ass before carefully prying Tony's fingers off the lace and letting it cover his hole.
Steve blinked. "What do you mean? Why would he be–"
He's just finished dinner alone in his rooms when Natasha comes to his door. She looks tired, her cheeks pink in her pale face.
"But you did have to go," Tony reminds him. "You don't have to apologize for that, it was important."
Not that he's
He moves forward, fingering a stalk of gladiolus, hunting a change of subject. "So, you're back, now."
king. He's not cruel to his subjects, he's not a warmonger. But before Steve had been named Lord of America, the province had fallen by the wayside. It's isolated, far away from the Capitol, and populated by farmers and fisherman – not a high profile place. That low profile had made it easy for King Howard to ignore the people here – convinced they weren't contributing to the advancement of the kingdom – and Steve doesn't ever want that to happen to the province again.
"Hi," Tony finally says, breaking the tension. He looks nervous, and Steve feels a rush of protectiveness for him. He doesn't
Steve feels his face heat, and an inexplicable anger burning in his throat.
"So," Steve finally says, desperate to make the evening comfortable. "Tell me about yourself."
"Hi," Steve says, grinning at him. Tony's heart actually might skip a beat – it's a warm, handsome smile, and his blue eyes are twinkling in the sunlight, and he's so beautiful it hurts.
(See the end of the chapter for
"It's fine," Tony says, glancing back up at Steve. He doesn't seem upset about Tony making an appearance outside the bedroom, but he does seem upset. "I didn't mean to interrupt."
Surely the entire trip won't be this cold?
"Or maybe this Consort is a spy, and he's doing this to try and take America out from under you."
Tony grins again, and this time it feels real and natural. "I will, then."
There's the lilac, all soft and flowy.
"Are you hungry?" Steve asks after a moment.
A light blush dusts Tony's cheeks, and he's beautiful. "Yes, of course. Was there – did you want to be present?" Tony asks
Tony takes a lace kerchief from his pocket and uses it to dab at the spot, giving Barnes and Clint another polite smile. "My apologies," he says, tucking the kerchief back into his coat. "I hate to be rude," he says, pushing his shoulders back, "but I've got things I have to tend to this afternoon."
Steve decides to seek out Sam after dinner. He needs advice about what to do with Tony – how can he get to know him when Tony won't answer any questions, will barely look him in the eye?
Tony shrugs, glancing down at Steve's lips as though he can't bear to hold his gaze. "But you're obligated to–"
Steve's hard against his hip, and Tony is spent, sated, but he wants to make Steve feel good, needs it. More than air, more than water or food or sun, he wants to feel Steve fall apart in his arms the way Steve has ruined and rebuilt Tony so many times.
“These parrots are really rare and very difficult catch, Your Majesty.” Clint said. “They are known for their intelligence. They learn words very quickly.”
General Fury shook his head fondly at that. This boy always had a heart made of gold.
Pepper reacted immediately. She knew that bringing up Ty could be a sensitive issue. She answered instead of the Prince. “Why the sudden interest in the Prince’s love life? Let’s talk about something else.” She quickly huffed.
Steve bent down and looked directly into Tony’s eyes. Those baby blues were looking through his facades, his walls, his insecurities. “More than you know Tony” Steve whispered gently as he tucked a wayward curl behind Tony’s ear. Then to Tony’s sheer shock he kissed Tony’s forehead. “Rest up.” Steve was leaving again. It was now or never.
At the thought of what had transpired earlier, Steve let go off the tears he was avoiding. The tear drops fell on their clasped hands where Steve was holding the unconscious man’s bruised wrist
Steve did not realize that he had closed his eyes while singing. As he opened them, he was met with a chaos of clapping, bravos’, shocked and teary-eyed faces but no Tony. That’s it he was done. He got up from the stage and went back to the green room without meeting anyone’s eyes. He felt Natasha’s gaze on him from across the room but he was in no mood for conversation.
“Really that is what you have to say to this. Steve I am done with you and your mixed signals. You yell at me in one moment and the next you are holding me in your arms, calling me sweetheart. You sit by my side without eating or taking a break in one moment and then go back to avoiding me in the next. What the fuck do you want from me?” Tony was practically yelling at this point.
His mind was preoccupied with the thoughts of a certain genius. It had been three days since he saw this certain genius and could not forget the look of complete and utter betrayal written all over his face. The worst part was that Steve knew he himself put that look there, he really couldn’t blame Tony. He was guilty and ready to apologize but Tony had made it clear that he wanted nothing to do with Steve.
“Dissolving a marriage might be a part of your culture but, in our culture it is a bond that lasts through the life and the afterlife,” Tony said softly, with no hint of derisiveness in his voice. It was clear that even if Tony did take up Steve’s offer, it was more than likely that Howard would kill him when he reached California. Steve suddenly thought that perhaps living here with Steve despite an unhappy marriage was the safest option for the Prince.
It goes without saying that as the priest pronounced them both Alpha and his Omega and the Emperor and the Emperor Consort, Tony was nervous about the kiss that was supposed to follow. However, he was shocked that the Emperor did not lift his veil to kiss him on the lips, rather he just kissed him on his covered forehead.
“That’s it, boy,” Steve said in a soothing but firm voice to the elephant. “That’s it.”
“Yeah no shit Sherlock.” Said Tony, voice hoarse from screaming, barely keeping his wits.
He closed his eyes for a moment to pray for forgiveness for what was about to happen and for the salvation of the men that would fall. He opened his eyes and with a flick of his wrist, signalled for the battle to begin.
Hope laced Tony’s voice when he spoke. “I shall be allowed to have a separate room that I will designate as my lab. I shall be allowed to make my own projects and experiments. I like inventing and I do not want to give it up just because I am getting married.” Prince Anthony’s hesitation was clear while he spoke, but he had put his foot down.
“My Lord, apparently Prince Anthony has had a very difficult childhood. Howard Stark is as cold and calculating as he looks. In addition to that, he is a horrible father. He had promised Prince Anthony in marriage to Lord Stone’s eldest Alpha son Tiberius. We have found out that Tiberius, least to say was both emotionally and physically abusive. Prince Anthony suffered at his hands for years because as a child he thought he had no way out. Howard had made him believe that since he was an Omega, he had to follow what his father said or he would be committing great sin.” Steve could see the disgust in Sam’s eyes as he spoke. No wonder, Howard had given out a bad vibe from the start.
“As he grew up he realised that he was being emotionally manipulated, he understood the meaning of abuse and broke off the union. You know what the West is like when it comes to Omegas and their rights, My Liege. The break in the union was blamed on Prince Anthony instead of Lord Stone’s son. They called him rude, bitchy, entitled and a plethora of other names, some even going as far as witch.” Sam said with a humourless chuckle.
Both General Fury and Sam looked taken aback. It was Sam who voiced his displeasure first. “But, Your Majesty, wouldn’t that just prove that he is right about us Easterners. Please reconsider.” Sam was not only concerned about this, but he was also concerned about his friend’s future. For a Westerner to settle into the East would be a great task, that Prince Anthony may or may not be up to.
He was extremely surprised when the Emperor had respected his wishes, even left the room to make him feel comfortable. Despite all his suspicions, Tony had a new hope in his heart. May be just may be he will be happy this once. May be the Great Alpha was not as bad as Tony had assumed.
“I did what I had to do and I’d do it again in a heartbeat!” Tony was now yelling too.
“Prince Anthony has 2 conditions and only post the fulfilment of his demands will he be able to marry you.” Announced Bucky. They were standing in the temporary court that they had set up for the Emperor at the venue of the wedding.
“As you see fit, Your Majesty,” said King Howard with hope in his eyes.
That was how General Fury had placed young Steven on the throne of Eastern America and ruled on behalf of the Emperor till Steve became of age. His main aim was to conquer the whole of the American land like Emperor Joseph Grant had dreamt. The plan was set into motion by sending emissaries to various other provinces, realms and kingdoms in western America under the name of Emperor Steven Grant.
“You bring a good point to notice, Phil,” Natasha agreed.
Tony was not sure. Steve was giving him extremely mixed signals. Calling him a brat in one moment and sweetheart in another. What did all this mean? Was he delusional or was Natasha, right?
“Will this incident be enough for them to realize their feelings towards each other?” Clint asked Natasha. “One can only hope Bird Brain.” Natasha replied with a small smirk of her own as she made a move to follow Thor and Bruce to Tony’s room.
Steve took his place on the golden throne in the court room as hundreds of his courtiers present bowed down to him with a sweeping gesture of their hand.
Only Rhodey’s eyes were visible from between the protective headgear and the cloth that covered his nose and mouth. There was a mischievous glint in his eyes.
“You mean you gave them a bribe.” Sam said with a smirk.
Tony blushed red. Perhaps making a fool out of himself was worth it if Tony would just blush again.
“We get that Tony and we are not angry just worried. Seeing you go through this surgery was not easy.” Bruce still sounded exhausted indicating that he barely got any sleep last night.
“Tony! Hey Tony! Stay with me!” Leave it to Steve to not let him pass out in peace. Fuck him. Tony always does what he wants to. He and Steve can fight about it later. The last thing Tony felt was Steve picking up his pace as blackness surrounded him.
This was the night his team was back. They were all together and they were celebrating. He should be happy but there was something gnawing at him as to how all this seemed incomplete. Incomplete without his Steve by his side. It is true they were never lovers, but they were best friends and that meant more.
Steve immediately knew this was far more serious than mere dehydration or lack of sleep. He got into his full Captain mode, putting his free arm under Tony’s knees and sweeping him off in a bridal carry. His fingerless leather gloves made his grip easier.
“HOW DARE YOU!” The Emperor roared loudly as Tony’s head shot up in surprise. “Take the name of the Prince with respect! Do not forget that he is now the Emperor Consort of America. I will not tolerate any disrespect towards my Omega.” Steve’s eyes were wide in anger and Tony could feel the tension in his body from where he was standing. He was clearly one moment away from slapping Rumlow. This was the famous anger that Tony had heard about. He couldn’t believe that his Alpha who had been so gentle with him, could get this angry.
