“You don’t believe me? No Tony I really didn’t mean that break up text. I want us to be together still. Can’t we just pretend it didn’t happen?” Steve was getting frantic now and the moment his comment about forgetting the whole thing escaped his mouth, he’d wanted to take it back. He didn’t want to pretend this didn’t happen, he wants to fix it. He wants to make it better.
“I’m going to keep fucking ya because you feel so good and there’s nothing in the world I’d rather do than fuck ya. Havin’ ya around my dick is my purpose in life. If it were possible I’d fuck your hole and your mouth as the same time but I guess havin’ Steve doing it is the next best thing” Steve would have rolled his eyes at that comment is he wasn’t so close to coming.
Bucky gasped mouth going completely dry. He’s straining so much against the restrains that a normal person would have snapped their wrists. He doesn’t think he’s every wanted it Needed it this badly. The front of his pants soaked with precum long ago.
Steve, the fucker, just smirked in his face, “I would Bucky, I really would but I know how important it is to you for to win this bet. You sure you want me too?”
He’s heart sank when he realized the messages were from before their fight but then he read the messages and froze.
“What?! Steve why didn’t you make him go to medical?! He probably needs his stomach pumped?!”
If Bucky wins then Natasha would handle this PR incident and any other incidence involving Tony and Bucky with No Complaints from now on no matter the cause. If he lost though, he’d have to handle this current PR nightmare, and future PR incidences involving Tony and him and also any future PR incidence that Clint has caused. That part about Clint was the real kicker. Last month he’d accidentally shot an endangered bird from the top of the tower because he thought it was a drone which had pissed off 117 different environmental, animal and preservation activist groups. Bucky hadn’t even known so many of them had existed.
“Or you could talk to Tony about them?” Natasha suggested while Bruce nodded in a manner suggesting that he completely agreed.
“Keep in mind what I said before about Tony’s lack of trust because if you don’t then his behaviors are going to feed right into those insecurities you’re feeling which just spells disaster.” Bruce added as a last bit of warning.
Tony walked back up to Steve to stare him directly in the eyes. “You’re right Steve.” Steve stood there frozen. No, was this the final straw? Had he pushed Tony away for good? Given him the excuse he needed to stay broken up with Steve? All he could do was think
“If that’s the only reason you’re here Rogers, then feel free to get out of my workshop now.” Tony’s voice came of sharp and cold and caused Steve’s stomach to sink again as Tony basically threw himself from his arms to stand up.
“Sounds like the kind of reaction Tony would have” Natasha added ignoring Steve’s protest. “Although if I were him, I’d probably do something similar considering how ungrateful the person I saved was.”
them all and he’d never be too proud to admit it, at least to himself. He felt a small smile tug at the corner of his lips despite the day. Yeah, he loves this family he’d found, and he wouldn’t let anything happen to his family. Losing Steve hurt. It hurt terribly. But ultimately it was worth it for his family and with the team around, he knew he’d make it through this and everything else life threw at him.
“I for one am looking forward to the day when the need to realize you’re gay and the need to ‘come out’ is not something that anyone should have to experience. That’s real equality.”
“Don’t hold your breath,” Bucky muttered and then turned to Tony, “How could you Tony? Conspiring with Steve to worsen my misery? I’m feeling utterly betrayed.”
“WHAT? Tony your life might be in danger! God knows what those pills will do mixed with alcohol”
Steve didn’t have an answer. In fact, he’d been wondering the same thing to himself since he’s read those text messages. God, how could he be so cruel as to break up with Tony over a text message? Even if it was an accident, that must have hit Tony so hard. God, how could Tony think he’s be inconsiderate enough to break up with him over text message?
Steve made a face at the word bae but then almost smiled. Tony had told him it’s what all the kids are using these ways. His expression turned fond. Only Tony would send such a concerned text after Steve yelled at him while pushing him away because Tony Had Tried To Save Steve’s Life! He felt terrible. He wanted to go home and hold Tony and apologize and kiss him all over.
“Um.. I don’t mean to interrupt the moment but Bucky’s penis keeps smacking me in the face.”
“Drag me down?” Steve echoed. “Did you not hear what I just said about you? Tony, you support me and bring out the best in me just like I apparently do for you. We aren’t a balloon and a brick. We’re two balloons and together we can lift things that each of us couldn’t lift alone. As for unhappy, what on Earth gave you the idea that I’m not happy? I know that we argue sometimes Tony but this time that we’ve spent dating has been the happiest period of my life and it makes me so happy to hear that I make you happy.” Steve gave a genuine smile and wrapped his arms around the genius once more, only for Tony to look at him with furrowed brows. “I know that it’s hard for you to trust yourself enough to think I’m here to stay, and this whole incidence has definitely set that back a few steps but Tony Please trust me enough to know that I wouldn’t lie to you about this. You make me happy, really.”
Tony always tried to play it cool, never wanted to seem too attached. Steve knew it was a play. A play that even now a year later Tony still wasn’t willing to drop. Steve knew Tony cared. Tony cared and loved so much. But sometimes he wonders if the reason Tony hasn’t dropped his act, the reason he still fights like he’s expandable is because he still doesn’t understand how much he’s cared about and loved not just by him but the whole team and others as well, because he still doesn’t understand that he’s done so much good and touched so many lives. Steve is hurt by the fact that Tony hates himself so much when all he can feel when he looks at Tony is his heart swelling with love.
“I’m sorry for everytime I put pressure on you to be perfect or even good at something and for getting caught up in what others see in you. But Steve,” Finally hearing Tony say his name brought a thrilling shiver through his body. “I want you to know that I do see you for who you are. Not Captain America but Steve, who still can’t dance despite how similar it should be to fighting, who has one of the driest senses of humor I’ve every heard, who leaves his uniform on the ground all over the tower after peeling them off post mission, who sings annoying pop songs in the shower, who is terrible with children.”
“Steve ugh, lettt go. Ggget off of meee. I’m fine…fine. I don’t nnneed you to llook after me anymor…..”
Bucky shot him an incredulous look, “Because I’m bound to this stupid chair right now because of some Asshole.”
“Probably saved my life.” Steve cut him off.
“I didn’t get dosed with some magic powder that all of a sudden made me realize that I like cock. That’s not how it worked.” At the word cock Steve turned quite red, but Tony was getting a bit angrier and couldn’t really enjoy it. “which I know makes me one of the damn lucky few. It wasn’t until later that I realized that there were people like you, who looked at being gay as abnormal. The fact that you would ask me that as if every homosexual in this country needed to have an epiphany moment where they realized their sexually demonstrates that something is wrong with our society.”
. It was good advice. Steve took a grounding breath and tried again. “Tony, I just want everything to be clear. Does that mean we’re back together?”
Then he surprised himself when a whine pasted his throat as he realized his hips were being forcefully removed from Tony’s hole. “The Hell Steve!”
he chastised himself. But then his brain began to clear more as he took notice of his surroundings. He was in their room and strapped to what he believes is Bruce’s loveseat? He tried to struggle loose but found no success. Well, Bruce’s furniture was built to be Hulk resistant. He resigned himself to being stuck and he looked back towards Tony to assess him again.
Then he felt the fat head of Steve’s cock push at Tony’s rim and he couldn’t think of anything else except that sensation. It was so unbelievably tight but a glance at Steve told him that Steve wasn’t about to relent which means the only way for this to end is when Tony’s body allows Steve’s dick entry into his soft tunnel on the other side of the rim. Tony was breathing hard and still letting out whines as Bucky watched intently as Steve was very close to getting the head of his penis into Tony.
“Good,” Bruce approved. “Then I have some advise for you.” Steve stares at him intently, nodding for him to continue. “As hard as it is to hear, this didn’t just shake Tony’s perception of self. This has broken the trust that he had in you and the relationship.” Bruce saw Steve open his mouth but cut him off. “I’m saying it as it is and I’m telling you Not to take it to heart if he hesitates to trust you so soon. You’re the kind of person that gets deeply hurt when you don’t get trust, but you need to be patient. My concern is Tony makes people bad at patience, you included, but getting into another yelling match is going to make it worse. Worse then it would have been before. You need to get a hold of your emotions. I know Tony brings out strong feelings. If it helps, keep in mind that it’s not that he doesn’t trust you. He doesn’t trust himself. He doesn’t trust that he’s enough to keep you or any promises you make to him.
While Tony jerked uselessly against Steve to try and get Steve’s dick back inside himself. “Well then tell me
Bucky couldn’t help but it. He rolled his eyes and said “Right like you’ve ever refused sex in your life. You were probably up for it the moment Steve brought this up.”
“I just….. I don’t want to go through something like that again. I felt so helpless, so raw. I just wanted to cry through the whole ordeal. I need you to understand what I was feeling. I need you to not….. I need you to understand” it came out quiet. Soft. God Steve looked at him with just hurt. Tony felt so dejected. This, laid out in front of him, was the truth. Steve Rogers’ truth. Tony might have been feeling so good in their relationship, but he was too self absorbed to notice that Steve was going through hell the entire time. Steve’s love and affection were pure at the start of this, but Tony had corrupted it without even trying and now it was dying.
Tony smiled softly at his text. He loves using the pet names that kids these days come up with. Serious
“Yeah, that I need to get over my issues for my relationship with Tony to be more stable.”
“Sure, I can Cap.” He pops the P and took another step back for distance. He needed this distance, even if right now it was mostly physical distance. He’ll work on the mental distance later. “It’s not your job to care anymore is it?” Steve looked so frustrated. He still looked stunning. To think that Tony was thinking about that vary look earlier today.
“He’s so ready for you Buck. It’s too bad. Guess it’ll just go to waste then.” Bucky’s erection twitched in his pants.
Tony turned his blank eyes to make eye contact with Steve. “Okay.” Was the only thing he said in response.
“If you start singing the my little pony song right now Steve, I swear to god I’ll throw you out the window.” Bucky growled back.
“There’s no reason to explain Capsicle. I get it. I mean I’m always screwing up, and a pain, a total asshole especially to those I care about, incapable of considering other’s feelings.” Tony’s words hurt. They hurt because they weren’t true. They hurt because he loved Tony. They hurt because it stomped on the feelings of all those that love him. They hurt because Tony still didn’t understand. “I’m just a deeply damaged person. Not even a superhero can put up with that for long.” Tony’s eye were a blur and Steve knew Tony wasn’t seeing him. All Steve could think was no no no, that wasn’t what he meant. He’s not mad because Tony was who he was, he’s mad that Tony doesn’t take care of who he was, and who he was to Steve, to everyone.
“And do you think all he sees you as is Captain America?” She questioned.
“Um….no. Tony, it’s Steve…” Steve had to physically bite his tongue to prevent himself from saying sweetheart. That definitely wouldn’t go over well right now. Steve’s hands felt like he has hair growing on his palms from how much his palms are sweating. God, he hasn’t been this nervous since the day before project rebirth, but he couldn’t help himself. To him the stakes were high.
Bucky started to audibly growl at Steve who only shrugged before going to the kitchen.
So, he tried again with as much conviction as he could muster into his voice. “No that’s not true Tony, you’re amazing and intelligent, sweet and loyal! You….” Again, Steve became frustrated at his inability to articulate himself, articulate what he felt, how wonderful Tony is. Failure crushed into him as he had to strain to hear Tony whisper.
“Hulk help tin man”
“Bruce remember Steve’s words? He thinks that Tony was the one to break up with him.” She shifts her attention to Steve. “Steve how did this happen?” All eyes turned to him.
“So this bet is more important than Tony is what you’re telling me?” Steve turned a serious expression to him.
“No, it’s okay Steve. I want to answer it.” Tony cut him off, and Steve gave him a surprised and then analyzing expression as he continued speaking. Reporters were leaning in, all excited for the response.
“Ah, that explains it. I’ll have to make them something in thanks.” Tony ponders. “I’m sorry I never realized that you were feeling pressured or in adequate.”
“Huh” Tony gave him a perplexed look.
Steve fearing what Bruce was going to say defended “Yeah, I’ve always tried my best to help him through those, but it probably didn’t hel…”
Steve’s POV
Steve’s smirk grew a bit, his eyes bright. “Didn’t think so.” Steve moved to sit on the bed and started running his hands through Tony’s sweat soaked hair. “Now Tony here, the angel, was concerned that you might have felt excluded this last month. He also mentioned to me that you might be avoiding him?” He gave Bucky a quick glance before focusing again on Tony’s face. “Obviously he played it off, but I’m pretty sure he’s been down all month about it. Isn’t that right sweetheart?” Steve moved to unbuckle the ball gag to which Tony only groaned.
“Bruce went down to check on Tony and take care of him. I know it might not feel like it but Tony does care about you, Steve. This is probably just as devastating for him.”
“Look Steve,” Uh, Bruce decided he’s going to go sleep for a week straight after this. “I’m about to follow that up with something significantly less nice. But I’m not telling you this to hurt you, I’m telling you, so you’re prepared when you finally talk with Tony. You need to know that he’s been thinking this whole time, that he’s a risk for the team, that he makes you unhappy. If I’m honest Steve, I don’t think this incident is going to just go away. It’s likely going to leave long term marks on Tony even when he finds out the truth. Tony wasn’t just hurt when I saw him, he was resigned.”
At his words Steve suddenly ripped himself from Tony’s arms to turn around and face him again. “I’m not perfect! And I’m sick of people expecting me to be! I just, I try my best, but do you know how stifling it is to feel like you have to do perfect in everything? Tony this is my first serious relationship. I have no fucking idea what I’m doing or what I’m suppose to do! I don’t know if anything I’ve done so far was any good!” Then Steve started losing steam, suddenly feeling hurt. “And you’ve known me a long time now Tony. If all you can see is Captain America or someone who’s perfect then I feel like you don’t really know me at all.”
“For both of us?! No Rogers don’t even pretend that it was for my benefit too! I’m not denying that it needed to be said if that’s how you felt but there is nothing about this that is for my benefit!” Tony all but screamed. How can Steve say that losing one of the most treasured things in his life was for his benefit?! But Steve seemed devastated by Tony’s response.
Natasha eyes never once left her book. “Have you tried asking Jarvis?” The sarcasm highly apparent in her voice.
Steve POV
.” Bruce frowned but caught on to Tony’s train of thought pretty fast.
“WHAT? Tony your life might be in danger! God knows what those pills will do mixed with alcohol”
“I….” Steve took a deep breath, this was important. Besides, it doesn’t look like he’s going to get to Tony without an explanation. “It was supposed to say, ‘I’m leaving now’” and as much as Steve doesn’t want to be beaten to a pulp by the hulk, he felt like he probably deserved it for being so careless.
For a second Steve looked stunned but then yelled, “What?! No Tony! We need to talk about this?! How can you ….”
Slowly Tony opens his eyes, drowsy but seemingly comprehensive and Steve thanked anyone and everyone out there that listened to his prayers. “Tony, thank god. I need you to focus on me. How many did you take Tony?”
Bucky just stared as Steve and when he finally spoke it was to say, “I was asleep for 10 hours?!” which caused Steve to snort.
No Response. He tried for humor.
“It helped” Bruce tried to say it with a kind smile. “He said that after that he’d always avoid going to bed. But then you guys got together, and he started to ditch me during all nighters. When I asked him about it he just said that he wasn’t scared to go to sleep anymore.” Bruce didn’t realize he was smiling at the memory. “And yes, I also notice he was eating more. More likely to take time for lunch even if we were in the middle of something. I asked him about that too. I guess when he was young Jarvis, the human Jarvis, used to make sure he ate his meals. He never really did pick up how to cook and despite our teasing about him being a spoiled rich kid, he never had a personal chef. Guess he’s diet has been erratic since Jarvis died.”
“But you said..”
Tony sighed, blowing he’s breath out ever so slowly. “
“Dinner’s done!” Clint proudly declared resting against the door frame. Natasha and him both moved to get off the couch.
Tony was lying in their bed. Just the thought that it was Steve and his bed made him giddy. They’d been dating for over a year. He doesn’t think he’ll ever be able to look at Steve and not feel an overwhelming amount of love, and amazement that Steve has chosen him as his boyfriend.
Natasha had demanded that he take the responsibility by cleaning up the PR disaster himself (as again having Tony cleaning it up was really not an option). Bucky had argued that it was Natasha’s job since that the whole reason why she was in charge of PR to which Natasha replied by almost shooting him. Steve, the traitor, had taken Natasha’s side saying that Natasha was in charge of PR for their missions and Avengers business and this was really more of a personal matter. He also pointed out that it wouldn’t have happened if Bucky and Tony had been more responsible which had led to Bucky almost shooting Steve since he knew for a fact that he’s had public sex with Tony before. He just hadn’t been caught, the fucking hypocrite.
“I..I don’t know. I panicked. I thought that he was breaking up with me over the fight this morning and I was so frustrated because I kept trying to get Tony to see my side of it, but I wasn’t able to articulate it right and .… I panicked.”
“You know, when did you realized that you like men instead of women? How old were you? Was this something you’ve known all along but hid from the public or a recent realization.”
“Ah Steve, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said anything” Clint clambered. Natasha tried to scoop him up once more, but he shook his head and pulled away.
“Do you know what that means Steve?” Natasha stated drawing his attention.
But after Tony revealed that giant gash on his leg after the battle, which look like it might cause Tony to bleed out from the amount of blood pouring from the wound, Steve couldn’t control the overwhelming fear that consumed him. He needed Tony to understand that Steve didn’t want him to do that, never again. He didn’t want to have to worry about protecting Tony as well as preventing Tony from protecting him. He knew it was a losing battle though. He knew Tony would continue to try and protect him as much as he would try his best to protect Tony. That might even be the reason the 2 of them worked so well in the field, doing combo attacks with each other means leaving openings in their defense but also knowing the other person had your back. He knew that Tony didn’t think he wasn’t capable of protecting himself. Under the circumstances, without knowing the nature of the bomb, Steve couldn’t say for certain that he would have survived that blast. In fact, under his fear, he actually thought it was very romantic of Tony to try and protect him. He knew it came from a place of genuine love and caring. In that moment, however, he was so afraid. Afraid that Tony was hurt. Afraid that Tony was hurt Because Of Him. Afraid that Tony was more than hurt. He didn’t end up holding on to his emotions when he talked to Tony after the battle and it all came spilling out. He’s expression became more tight. God, paperwork was killing him today. He just wanted to go home.
Steve wasted no time and headed down. He knew that knowing Tony, he’d locked himself in the lab to blame and ridicule himself. Steve knew he took too long to get home which definitely wouldn’t have help rev down his self torment.
A chill went up Steve’s spine. Something seems off. He didn’t want to jinx it, but it felt too easy….
Steve nodded because it’s the truth.
“but Hulk that kitten needs you! We’ll take care of tin man, we promise”
“No you don’t Buck. You love me, and while you might be agitated at me this particular moment, I guarantee that by the time we’re done you’ll be buying me flowers to thank me.” Steve told him, mirth in his eyes.
“I’m sorry Captain but I cannot.”
“I’m pretty sure I get a vote here and I vote yes on that Idea” Steve’s voice made Bucky realize that Steve’s moved to be at Tony’s mouth again and that he was completely hard once more. He raised Tony’s head up with a hand full of hair and forced his cock back into Tony’s mouth without preamble. Then he started to plunge Tony’s mouth every bit as aggressively as he’d just done. Closing his eyes again to concentrate on the sensation as he moaned. “Ah Fuck Tony you’re mouth is amazing. That’s it take it. Take it you little whore. You can take every I give you can’t you? You tramp…….uhn ..yes.... You going to cum now that both your holes are plugged up like you wanted?” Steve tipped his head to get a look at Tony’s engorged cock between his legs. “You going to cum untouched? You are, aren’t you? Just like the slut you are?”
“JARVIS, tell Steve to get his ass in here now!” Bucky growled. He was to aroused right now to feel anything negative for the punk, but when this was over, he was planning to pay Steve back for every moment of agony he’s endured over the last month.
“Please…fullBucky…Moremoreplease” escaped from Tony’s lips and Bucky went back to Tony’s ear to softly shush him. “He didn’t give ya whacha wanted did he doll? He didn’t ride ya hard enough or use ya rough enough did he?“ Tony nodded as he continued to wail out. “It’s okay doll face. I’m going to give you exactly what you need okay?”
“Tony, I don’t want to break up. This whole thing, it’s just been a misunderstanding. That text was supposed to say, ‘I’m leaving now’ not ‘I’m leaving you’ and I thought LOL meant lots of love and I’m so so sorry. I understand if your angry at me, that was a rotten stupid thing I did that cause you so much misery and I can’t apologize enough. I’ll do everything I can to make it up to you but for now I need you to know that I love you, and there’s no one else I’d rather be with. Ever”
He’s eyes landed on Tony and it was like his own heart was shattering all over again. Tony was there sitting in the very middle of the lab hunched over and crying into a mug he held in both his hands. The expression on his face made it clear that the man was falling apart.
The dread however quickly turned to anger as he looked at Steve who was looking at him in concern. “This is all your fault!”
By the time he was home, it’d been more than an hour. Why did he do his work in the triskelion and not the helicarrier? Traffic had been insane! Rush hour in New York was worse than fighting rampant dinosaurs in Steve’s opinion. But then he clamped down on the thought because he was totally going to jinx himself. Please don’t let him be fighting dinosaurs tomorrow.
and demanding he take Steve to places he wanted to go, to do the things
Seeing the reaction Tony was quick to defend Steve. “He didn’t do anything wrong Bruce, honest. He was just trying to watch out for you all and keep the team safe!” Tony looked a bit frantic at the thought of getting Steve into trouble all because he couldn’t seem to get Bruce to see that Tony had been the one at fault. “Bruce calm down! It’s all my fault, I swear!”
“Sweet thing,” Bucky interrupted him this time by placing his thumb over his lips, preventing him from speaking. “we ain’t the least bit upset. We’re in awe of you.”
“Tony isn’t in medical. He’s downstairs in the lab”. He felt like he’s running on autopilot, as he finally turned to face them.
Steve shook his head. Despite all the hurt, all the frustration at constant having to fight to defend Tony from himself but gaining barely inches, Steve could see no other option. Steve would consider no other option but to continue to fight for Tony, because that’s what Tony needed and it’s what Steve wanted to do.  If Tony wasn’t going to defend himself, well Steve had promised not just to Tony but also himself and everyone else that loves Tony, that he’d always be there to defend Tony, to build him up, and never let go because he loves Tony beyond anything.
Tony’s words stuck him to his core, and it was amazing how his whole world perspective changed in an instant. He felt cold and alone, left out in the world full of emotions and things he didn’t understand to fend for himself. As much as Steve tried to support Tony, Tony supported him just as much and more. He makes Steve better every day without even realizing because that was just the kind of wonderful person Tony was.
Tony was on his bed completely naked except for a collar, had his feet cuffed to the bed posts with his hands cuffed together behind his back. Mouth bound by a ball gag to minimize his sounds. Bucky couldn’t see it but based off of how Tony’s legs were trembling there was probably a vibrator in him. He briefly wondered how long he’d been laying here in such a state.
On the glowing screen a notification popped up.
Bruce only smiled, getting that Tony was teasing instead of being genuine when Tony moved to take another savoring sip with a hum. “I don’t think I should be riling you up right now.” Bruce paused but ultimately decided to not beat around the bush. “Calming down a riled-up Steve is enough for one day.” Bruce almost regretted his inability to procrastinate when Tony froze up with a hand twitch that basically caused hot tea to pour onto Tony’s left hand. Tony himself didn’t even react or try to drop the cup, for which Bruce was grateful for as he likes that mug, but also deeply concerned about because the water is definitely hot enough to cause a second-degree burn. Bruce was then distracted by the thought that Tony may have nerve damage from burning himself too many times in the work shop but came too when the sound of the mug hitting the table assaulted his ears.
“Cap, why are you here?”
Then they’d both started to thrust and Bucky was amazed their ability to sync up with each other’s movements was transferable from the field to the bedroom.
“I’m fine!” a pause “What pills?”
“Give me the reasons why we should break up and I promise I’ll leave and we’ll never have to have this conversation again.” This time his voice came out too commanding, too demanding. One more try.
“I’m sorry Steve. I can’t do this anymore.” This conversation was draining him fast. He needed it to end soon. “Maybe we can talk about it later but right now I need to be alone.”
“and we’re so proud of you for speaking out for those people against those rude judgemental reporters” Steve finished. At this point he was being hugged by a soldier on each side
Steve put up both of his hands in surrender but his smirk remained on his face as he said almost nonchalantly, “JARVIS, please unlock the restraints currently on Bucky.”
“Tony you are not fine! Stop struggling and tell me how many you took and when! I’ll call medical.”
ran in a loop in his head.
He’s arms dropped slowly.
Good, Steve will take that over emotionless Tony any day. Then a wave of frustration at himself, washed over him, for still not conveying what he wanted but also a wave of frustration at Tony for always twisting his words.
Steve was looking up with that look of horror again. He was looking very pale.
“That’s what you get for drinking so much spiked beer.”
He practically ran out of the room, almost smacking a couple of junior agents with the door in his rush. He barely managed a hollered apology as he dashed down the hall.
Tony’s POV
“NO! Tony, no, Never. NEVER” Steve swept Tony into his arms once more to whisper fervently in his ear. “Listen carefully. One – What you did this morning wasn’t wrong and I’m so sorry I got angry over it. It’s hard for me to watch you get hurt but I’ll work on it. Two – you were not and do not compromise the team. I was just angry and that is completely not true. Three – There is no team without you Tony. You’re the heart of this team and none of us would ever EVER want you to go.”
The arms around him squeezed. “We love you too” was whispered into each of his ears.
He waited and just when he though that maybe Tony wasn’t inside or maybe he fell asleep, he heard it.
Still nothing from Steve’s end…..Tony was starting to feel desperate. Steve still struggled with 21th century etiquette, it’s likely that he doesn’t know that you shouldn’t break up over text message and maybe didn’t want to have a confrontation face to face with Tony. The LOL was probably trying to lighten the mood of the conversation despite what he’d said. Maybe Steve had been thinking about it since the battle and decided that Tony wasn’t worth all the trouble? Maybe this was the final straw that broke the horse’s back so to speak? He could just feel all his insecurities burst from his internal bubble. In Tony’s defense though, he pushed back his insecurities longer than he’s ever had before but then his reality came crashing down. Suddenly he realized that he’s hands were trembling badly. He picked up his phone. Tony couldn’t even blame Steve, but he wanted so badly to beg Steve for another chance, tell Steve that he can do better. But something in the back of his mind told him he wasn’t capable of change, that he’ll always be this broke person, that he shouldn’t waste more of Steve’s time and he should accept his fate. Accept the end of their relationship.
Tony’s POV
Bucky didn’t have to be told twice. “Tony I’ve never seen anythin’ so sexy in my life. You’re just lettin’ Steve use your mouth like you’re not even a person but just some sort of toy he can just take his pleasure from. Then tomorrow when ya talk ya gonna sound like a chain smoker and everyone will know it’s because Steve had spent the entire night beatin’ your tonsils with his dick. What do you think about that Doll? Having everyone you talk to know how much of a whore you are.” Bucky’s voice was husky as he looked directly into Tony’s eyes as he talked.
Steve looked at his friends surrounding him and felt impossibly good especially considering he and Tony were still in a state of being broken up. But they made him optimistic about the future. “I’m going to go talk to Tony. Clear everything up. I think he’s wallowed alone long enough, and yes I’ll remember what we talked about.” Steve shot the others a hopefully reassuring smile and received in turn 3 hopeful smiles in turn. With that discussion finished, Steve hopped to his feet and basically sprinted down the stairs.
“I can only hope that we’re moving towards a world where for most people, sexuality is something that people grow up with as a part of who they are, not something they should need to discover about themselves later in life like teenagers discovering that they like beer when they go off to college and try it for the first time.”
dozen beers that he’d bought then mixed with Asgardian alcohol. It could probably be better described as mopping but he wasn’t going to admitted that to anyone. He took another gulp and proceeded to continue to peel off the label on the bottle as out of the corner of his eye Steve entered the room.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony’s point of view
“Oh of course I love you too Steve!” came Tony’s immediate assurance looking at Steve with concern. It amazes Bucky that Tony can see through almost all of Steve’s bullshit except when it came to anything about their relationships. Then Tony falls for Steve’s puppy eyes hook, line, and sinker every single time.
“Yeah doll, you’re spread so wide on our cocks. You’re holes gonna be gaping for the rest of the week. Which means that we can shove into you at any time.” He panted into Tony’s ear who’s cock twitched again. So Bucky put all his strength and energy into tearing up Tony’s ass. “Would you like that kitten? Being just a cum dumpster for us? A sex toy? A hole?”
“If I were to ask you when you realized you were straight, would you have an answer to that? I’ve always been gay. I didn’t become gay or realized I was gay at some point in my life, but liked women up until then. As far back as I have memory, I have always loved men.” Tony projected all his pride into those words.
Bucky then lifted himself up gripping Tony exactly where Steve’s hands had been previously stopping his shallow thrusts and then burrowed his entire dick into Tony over and over again.
Bruce sighed once more. “That’s not what I’m saying… Although be warned that it is an actual possibility.” At that, everyone else looked shocked but Bruce pressed on. “But it’s not going to be for the reasons you’re thinking. Remember what Tony was like when you guys first started going out?”
However Bucky could see the strain from the shake in his thighs. Tony wasn’t going to last. After 4 or 5 times Tony tumbled forward, his weigh pitching him mouth first onto Steve’s cock. Tony ended up taking Steve’s cock until Tony’s face slapped Steve’s lower abdomen. With no hands to push away from Steve he was stuck gagging and choking on Steve’s cock. Steve however had closed his eyes to enjoy the sensation and stayed in the same position. “Tony…ughhh..it’s so good. I could spend the rest of my life happy if you spent it swallowing my cock”
Despite suddenly feeling defensive, Steve only managed to respond weakly, “I was just worried about him, I don’t want him to do stuff like that…”
All Steve could do was point through the glass. Three pairs of eyes turned to where he was pointing. Natasha swore, the only one to remain remotely calm, and made for the override station for the door of the workshop.
“No, Tony. It’s okay. I’m happy I can be here for you. You can cry on me for as long as you need okay?” Bruce waited a beat and felt Tony nod again before continuing. “I’m just here to listen. But it’s like when we work in the lab together, the two of us come up with ideas that neither of us would have had alone. So maybe if you tell me what happened, I can help. It doesn’t have to be now though. You take as long as you need.” Bruce stopped rubbing Tony’s back for a second to pull the now cooler tea mug closer before offering it to Tony again, who took is carefully this time. “Just remember to rehydrate since you’ll be losing fluids when you cry, and you don’t drink any water as it is,” Bruce teased at the end trying to lighten the mood.
Steve’s POV
Tony’s words noticeably affected Steve too but he didn’t make a move to slide back into Tony. “And how were you planning to convince me to give those things to you?” Steve simply asked.
For a second, he didn’t move before almost dropping his phone trying to unlock it and look at the messages. Maybe Tony had changed he’s mind? Or at least wanted to talk?
“So, then what did you say?” Natasha gently prompted, and Steve took a moment to appreciate her friendship before continuing.
JARVIS replied with a “If you insist Sir”
His tone was teasing but Steve just really wanted to be sure. “Tony, please”
“Now Tony,” Steve dropped the volume of his voice but his words was still very clear in Bucky’s ears. “Be a good boy and put on a good show for Bucky, huh? I want you to be load and vocal alright?”
Natasha all but growled. “When I find out which junior agent is messing with the elderly, I’ll make them regret it”
Tony hadn’t moved a muscle since his entrance, seemingly not even registering Steve’s presence.
On the common floor, Clint seemed to have eyes glued to the TV while Natasha read.
Steve stared right into Tony’s eye challengingly and saw Tony grind his teeth before words seem to begrudgingly slip from his mouth. “Yes, that’s what I’m saying.”
“Doll, we ain’t mad at‘cha.” Bucky bent to press a kiss at Tony’s temple.
Hey, sorry this update took a while. This part was a bit harder to write than originally anticipated. Anyways hope you guys enjoy it.
“No, I don’t” Tony’s response was like a breath of fresh air and drained most of the tension from his body.
“You want is so bad don’t you?” Steve looked at Tony before hulling him to his knees while raising to his knees as well. With his hands still bound together Tony notably had a hard time not pitching forward when he bent to try and take Steve into his mouth. There was no way he wasn’t going to choke although he would probably choke in any positions considering the size of Steve’s dick. Steve definitely noticed but made no move to help him and simply stilled his hips waiting for Tony’s service.
Tony suddenly ripped himself from Steve’s hold. “That’s the other thing Steve, why we can’t be together. What I did today..”
“JARVIS, Lock Down. No overrides, not even Pepper’s. No one gets in. And not a word about anything related to this or anything about my current state to anyone in the tower. I’m not kidding this time, no using intonations or try to work around my orders in any way this time” Tony stated with all the seriousness he could muster before he lost himself in thought.
“Steve
“Steve, that’s exactly what we’re talking about. You feel those things, which makes them valid. Which mean that it’s just as important to address your insecurities. You’re not less important Steve. You’ll never be.”
….what if he really doesn’t want me anymore? What if he’d been relieved when he got the text because it meant he didn’t have to break up with me? What if this accidental break up made him realized that he’s better off without me? What if he’s bored with me? What if he sees that underneath Captain America that I’m just some guy? And he realized that he’s this rich genius who can do so much better? I know I haven’t done a lot for him even though he feed us and houses us in this lavished tower and makes us the most advance tech for the field and provides for us with the finest money can buy. I just..This is basically my first real relationship, but I can learn and get better and..”
“Stop being so protective Nat, you know as well as I do that the sooner we get this sorted out the soon both Steve and Tony can feel better. Wallowing isn’t going to do anything for this situation. And Steve, man, I know you’re hurting, but you’ve faced warrior races of aliens and won. I also know that if it’s for Tony you’d face 10 times worse. That’s how I know you have the courage to face this head on too.” Clint’s words were actually pretty inspiring, and briefly Steve wondered if he’d practiced that speech like Clint always accused him of doing with his speeches. Regardless, it gave him strength and he started to slowly pull his head from Natasha’s shoulder.
“I’m sorry Captain Rogers but I cannot say”
“Steve you are so much more than Captain America. You’re not perfect but you’re perfect for me. Steve, I know you have flaws, but I don’t love you despite those flaws. Those quirks about you make it so that you fit perfectly with me and my imperfections. You take such good care of me and I don’t just mean with the food and the regular sleep schedule. You’re a rock of support and you inspire the best in not just me but everyone. Not by being Captain America but because at your core, you are a good man who doesn’t just believe in fairness and justice but fights for it. You’re loyal and protective. And you might not be a genius by definition, but you challenge me every day with your opinions, suggestions, ideas, and debates. You’re my best friend. You make me laugh. You make me Happy. So, Steve rest assure that there’s no one else I’d rather be with. I love you.”
What was he doing? He shouldn’t be blaming Tony. This is all his fault. Tony would, of course, be blaming himself. He always does. Steve should have been more careful. He should have proof-read his messages. God, he was a horrid person with how much he must have hurt Tony. How could he ever make up for this? He can’t. He probably broke all of Tony’s trust. Broke all of his promises to keep Tony from harm. He didn’t deserve Tony. Wasn’t good enough for him. He…
“Which is why I needed to win.” He continued, “I’ve seen the shit that Clint gets up to and if I have to do PR for him then I’ll never have time to do anything else ever again. I also know that Natasha had yelled at you after I left for medical due to Natasha’s stabbing. I just thought ..” He broke eye contact with Tony “I was willing to suffer through a month of it because it would mean making things easier for us in the future. I want to have time to spend with you Tony, and I don’t want you to feel bad because Natasha yelled at you. I obviously should have talked with you about all this sooner but” He focus back on Tony who was staring bright eyed at him and Bucky infused all his sincerity into his words. “I want you to understand that I plan to be with you for the long haul. Forever if I have any say in it and I’ll always be willing to suffer especially short term if it means making things better for you.” He saw Tony’s eyes tear up a bit.
“YesyesyesyesyesSoGood…ah… it’ssogood” spilt from Tony’s mouth.
Steve hunched. Of course, Clint was right. He had nothing to say in rebuttal. Much later while reflecting on the incident, he realized he was thankful that their teammates were willing to call out his bullshit as well as protect Tony. He was glad he had allies in the fight against Tony’s insecurities and Tony’s lack of perceived self worth, and Tony’s (thankfully already disrupted) perfect view of Steve.
He’d almost thought that Tony wasn’t going to reply but then his ears picked up something. Sobbing. The kind that rocked your whole body and made snot drip from your nose as your whole face scrunches up.
“To fix this.” Steve tried to muster all his earnestness into that statement.
“Wha? Tony?! Why?!?”
“Look Tony I know you’re upset! But you can’t get mad at me for caring!” Even as he said it, he felt like the biggest hypocrite, because isn’t that what he did? Get mad at Tony for caring? Taking his affection and throwing it back in his face. But if nothing else Tony was good at getting a rise out of him.
“I would have, yes.” Tony’s reply was immediate and without hesitation. Then he stiffened, losing some color in his face. Steve moved forward to embrace him and support him if needed but Tony backed away out of his reach. “I get what you’re saying Steve.” Tony’s tone was wooden, his face and posture more closed off than it’d ever been before. All Steve could do was watch. What was happening? Why? “You’re saying that I’m not going to change. I wish I could tell you that I’ll change, but you’re right, I can’t. I’m already too set in my ways. So even if we weren’t dating, I’d be compromising the team.”
“I’m still not done Steve,” Bruce continues with an apologetic smile. “You also need to realize that this incident has left its mark on you as well. It’s plain to see for everyone here that heard your depressing rant about Tony not wanting you. You have insecurities too Steve, and that’s okay. But you need to recognize them and work past them or those insecurities are going to make it difficult for you two to be together and ultimately hurt you both.”
Steve stopped paying attention, running to Tony’s side. He did hear Natasha instructing him that he’d better help Tony. Meanwhile they’d take care of the Hulk and get him to change back so he could help with the medical treatment.
…it…nnh..I.”
Tony groaned bucking up at the sensation and Bucky licked his lips.
He’d spend so long crying over losing the best thing he’d ever had, while simultaneously being so resigned to the situation. When Steve first convinced him to go out with him, Steve had promised that they had years of history and he knew Tony inside and out, that he was in love with everything that Tony was, that he was certain he would never willingly let Tony go. Steve had used his superhuman emotional strength, which Steve definitely had before becoming Captain America, to push back every insecurity that Tony had. Upon seeing that he probably wouldn’t be able to convince Tony to have more self worth overnight, he convinced Tony to stay by stated that people didn’t deserve each other. The universe didn’t work that way. What mattered was that he wanted Tony and Tony wanted him back.
“Steve I think you’re going to have a hard time moving past this without talking to him.” Bruce also making the effort to convince Steve. “Just talk to him about it Steve, if not for yourself, then do it because you want to avoid accidentally hurting Tony with your insecurities in the future. Plus, if he knows about them then maybe he won’t misinterpret your actions as you not wanting him in the future.”
“Steve didn’t…he.” Tony’s voice waved so he took a fortifying breath. “Steve is right though Bruce. He’s always right.”
“Steve!” Bucky had shouted to get Steve to open his eyes but it came out more as a moan. He’s voice was low and rough as the words scrapped on their way out his throat, he figured he probably looked as wrecked as Tony did. It had the desired effect though because Steve opened his eyes to look at him and then immediately afterward at Tony. By the next second Steve had pulled Tony off his dick by the scruff of hair on the back of Tony’s head.
“Ah… You’re much looser now that Steve’s fucked ya aren’cha?” He whispered in Tony’s ear as Tony wanton cries filled the room. “But while he’s long, I’m thicker than he is, aren’t I kitten? Which means you’re still so goddamn tight around me.” He panted out still trying to stuff more of his dick into Tony’s hole.
“What? no!? Of course not?” He was offended by the very idea and turned to gaze into Tony’s eyes, “Tony, no, it’s not that Doll face. You’re the most important thing to me I swear. I love you!” Bucky tried to pour everything he was felt for Tony into those words and convey it with his eyes before tacking on. “No offense Steve.”
“It’s probably because of Steve Yelling at Tony for Fucking Saving His Life!” Clint helpfully chipped.
And Tony knew that, he really did but… he just saw the bomb and didn’t think, just acted. He knows that Steve can handle himself but in that moment all he could think about was how much Osborn had bragged about the capabilities of this new bomb and when he saw it going toward Steve, his body moved on its own.
Even though Tony had only give one stroke with his mouth, Steve’s dick was too long to swallow around and when Tony went to raise himself from Steve’s dick several streams of drool flowed down to his chin.
“No Medical!” Tony snapped in response to Steve’s words as soon as he heard medical. The last thing he wanted was a whole medical team to pity him about his break up and wreck of a life in general.
Even Natasha seemed pleased with Clint’s words which is a good since there had been a decent chance that Natasha was going to stab him for talking to her like that.
“I feeling so unloved all of a sudden,” Steve gave a mock pout.
Bruce couldn’t exactly make sense of anything Tony said so he tried again as he continued to rub Tony’s back. “It’s okay to cry Tony. I know you’re upset, but do you think you can speak up?”
In light of the courage that Tony showed Steve wanted to give some of that trust back. “I just think. One of these days you’re going to wake up and realize that you can do better.” Steve almost smirked as Tony’s jaw drops. “I know you don’t think so, I know you usually end up waving it off as nothing, but you give so much to us Tony without asking for anything in turn. You’ve provided us with a home and anything we could ever hope for. You spend hours making upgrades for us. It’s not just the money. You always come to spend time with us if anyone had a nightmare. You’re handsome, and a genius and I couldn’t keep up with you on my best day. And I sometimes think, besides being Captain America, what else do I have to offer you?” Steve’s last admission seems to have pulled Tony from his trance.
Steve shuffled Tony onto his back with his legs still spread facing Bucky before moving to between Tony’s legs cock already in hand as he lined up. He turned his head towards Bucky with a wicked smile on his face. “Now Bucky I know you can’t personally fuck Tony so I guess the next best thing would be for me to Fuck Tony and describe it to you.”
“I love you to Bucky,” Tony whispered before looking down, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to assume or accuse you of anything. I just missed you is all.”
and he NEEDS Tony to understand that, understand that he’s still feeling it, the devastation of almost losing someone so precious to him.
“You were right, it was dangerous and reckless, and I could have put the team in danger. That’s why we can’t be together anymore.. it’s to protect the team! It’s for my family, our family and there’s nothing I wouldn’t give up for them even if what I’m giving up is you.” Tony’s words maybe should have made Steve a bit jealous but all he could feel was warmth. He’s so happy that Tony now has the team in his life to back him up, that he has so many people supporting him.
“The hell he is.” Bruce hissed through clenched teeth.
“But, I know that it must seem much better for gay people now then back in your days and –“
Now a friendly comment pointed out to me that Tony had actually sent Steve 3 messages. So I changed the last few sentences of the last chapter to maintain consistency. You don't have to read it. It doesn't change the context too much. :)
“Okay Tony…. I’m gonna come back later so we can talk about this okay?” He needed to know. To check that that was what Tony meant.
“Steve, geez! Breath! I was only teasing you. We know you’re not perfect, but you have to know that no one is perfect in relationships. You gave it your best shot, we know you did.”
“No, I was going to apologize,” Steve replied quickly.
He tried to push the thought of an injured Tony from his head too. He didn’t need that add on right now. When he started to explain though, the words got stuck in his throat, but Steve pushed pass because it needed to be said. “Tony broke up with me.” His voice sounded small and squeaky even to himself.
“Hey Steve, JARVIS said you were here. I thought you would have went to the medical with Tony. We’ll just grab a change of cloth and we can leave k? I’m disgusting from chasing the Hulk”. Steve hadn’t turned around but he’s pretty sure the Doctor was flushing apologetically at Clint’s comment.
As Steve talked Tony seemed to go through a variety of stages disbelief, confusion, shock, hope. Steve honestly though he’d stop at anger and Tony was about to start yelling at him any second now but was surprised and mortified when anger turned to hopelessness, resignations, devastation and then nothing. It was like Tony’s face had shut off which was not a good sign. It made fear envelope Steve.
lack of self control.”
Steve felt the blood drain from his face before a feeling of nausea took over. He leaned most of his weight on the wall while trying to take deep controlled breaths to prevent himself from passin out. This wasn’t a good time to panic he reminded himself. He had to fix things with Tony first, then he could panic. After a few breaths, he managed to force out “One of the junior agents told me it means ‘lots of love’”
“Then you know it’s not true that he’s happy you guys broke up. Steve, Tony is one of the few that knows who you are and loves everything you are. He wants to be with you, he wants to be with Steve Rogers and his biggest fear has always been losing you.” Natasha gave a soft smile, but Steve didn’t seem to be winding down.
“I’m Sorry Captain but I cannot answer that either”
Steve went stiff at the force of Tony’s anger. He obviously felt terrible about yelling at him earlier today, but he doesn’t think it warranted this volatile a response! For god sakes, He was here to apologize! Steve could feel his own anger bubbling up, and as he felt it, he knew this was going to end badly. He didn’t want to be so mad, but Tony always knew what buttons to push, and he was already feeling so defensive from earlier.
Steve did find her words comforting, but he had a hard time believing it right now. He really wanted to talk to Tony, because only then will he know the truth.
So, Steve supposes the main problem with texting is that he can never express the depth of his affection for Tony with it.
As soon as those words passed Tony’s lips, Steve and Bucky started to fuck him in earnest picking him up and then dragging him back down to impale Tony on their cocks as gravity wasn’t fast enough. “Well Tony are you going to come clenched around both our cocks?” Steve asked. Neither of them move a hand to touch Tony’s penis.
That’s not to say that Tony didn’t love Steve. He loved him so much more then he can express, and he has for a long time. He knew that he would always love Steve because of who he is and all the things they’ve experience and done together no matter the future. But he too wasn’t willing to compromise certain values for love. After all that’s how the whole civil war thing happened, and he knew that if a similar situation were to occur he still would have to stand behind what he believed in as he’s sure Steve would do the same. Because your values are a part of who you are, and you can’t give up a part of who you are for love. Love wouldn’t be meaningful if it meant losing yourself, and love doesn’t mean you’ll end up with who you love.
To which he notice from his peripheral vision that Steve only shrugged mumbling “Eh, I get it”
Silence met him. Just when Steve was about to start yelling again, JARVIS responded with “I suppose it wouldn’t be considered a word on the subject…..”
“God Damn It Steve!” Bucky did look to Steve then struggling against the bindings again. “Unbind me you bastard!”
“WHY DO YOU THINK?!” Tony was suddenly seething. All of his anger about the break up now directed at Steve. How can Steve just march in here and pretend everything is still fine? Like he’s got any right. The thought of Steve being his caretaker by obligation hurt, but it didn’t hurt as much as if Steve actually still wanted to take care of Tony.
That comment at least got Bucky to actually look at him even if it was to glare.
Tony loves Steve. But as he stated to himself, romance and relationships were situational. He was wise enough to know no one should have to give up their own happiness for love. But Steve had tried. Had apparently tried for so long, but this had been the final straw. It wasn’t just his own happiness that Steve was giving up anymore. It was the team’s safety. And both of those things (Steve’s happiness, and the team) were things Tony would easily give his life for. There nothing he wants more than for Steve to be happy, whether he’s in that equation or not. As for his own happiness, well, he doubted he was going to end up super happy in the end anyways with all the issues he has in his mentality.
Tony recalled Steve’s exact words before he went to do some other post mission work with Agent Agent.
“Steve
Momentous speech complete, Tony marched off the stage, but not before he caught Bucky and Steve’s astonished expressions.
Steve’s heart sank, Bruce’s previous warning ringing in his ear. Maybe this was the end? He’d blown his chance.
Steve was picking up a bit more speed as he thrusted into Tony hands clamped around Tony’s hips lifting him from the mattress forcing the smaller man to take everything he was giving. “You’re insides feel so good, all wets and velvet soft……Nnuh… and the way you’re inside move around my cock is so good…”
Then thanks to some stupid suggestions from Clint, it had resulted in a bet. Natasha had bet Bucky that he couldn’t go without sexual activities for 30 days! Which mean no sex but also no masturbating or even
Three pair of eyes continued to stare before Clint responded, “Steve, you do know that LOL means ‘laugh out loud’, right? This basically looks like you dumped Tony and then laughed in his face”
Chugging a fourth of the massive bottle, Tony contemplated while ignoring all of JARVIS’s nagging that he should consider a change in activity. He considered all the times the tabloids accused him of being an alcoholic. He wasn’t in denial, he really wasn’t, but he really didn’t think he was an alcoholic. He might turn to alcohol easily when things go wrong but when things are good he rarely drinks too much or feels the need to drink at all outside of social occasions. He admits there’s definitely dependence there, but he really doesn’t feel like the craved is daily like alcoholics do. He continued to try and contemplate anything other than him and Steve, and eventually his thoughts tapered off as he got more and more drunk.
“You want me off the team, right?” Tony choked out and the thought almost made Steve throw up.
“Hmm maybe you aren’t as good with your mouth as I’d originlly thought.” Steve tease while Tony continued gasping for air. “I guess I’ll have to do all the work myself then.” Then without waiting for Tony to stop gasping, Steve lowered Tony’s head back on he dick and held him there. Then he’s hips started to snap out then in, fucking Tony’s mouth harder he had just been fucking Tony’s ass. Again Tony choked some but it really couldn’t be helped.
But if Steve was going to keep caring, (and of course he was, when has Steve not cared?), it would hurt Tony too much. If Steve kept being tender with him, Tony wouldn’t be able to move on, to stop wanting Steve, wanting to be together. And that, as Steve stated himself, would compromise the team. He just…he needed some distance. He needed Steve to leave.
“The ones all over the ground!”
Then he realized what was wrong. Tony was still calling him Cap.
Steve tried his best to flip into Captain America mood. He had to stay calm. He needed to concentrate on getting into the workshop. He can drown in his emotions when Tony’s life wasn’t in danger. He collected himself and was just about to coordinate with the others when a roar took over the attention of the three other people in the room.
He hadn’t meant to do it, but Tony’s crying made his muscles clench causing him to pull the door lock mechanism through the wall to get the door open.
“Hey Bruce,” He managed to reply but then cringed at his voice. Hello chain smoker Tony, doesn’t he sound lovely? However, Tony still took hold of the mug offered to him and took a sip. It really was soothing stuff. “I’m offended that you’ve known me for so long but still think I’d prefer this over coffee.” Well.. just because he loves Bruce doesn’t mean he’s going to stop being himself, and who he is, is an ass.
.. He raised his head to shout as much but was stopped when the smell of Rooibos tea hit his nose. It was the stuff from Nepal that Bruce treasured. He looked to see Bruce coming his way with huge mug and a sympathetic smile.
“Is there anything else?”
No one said anything on the way back to the tower, which Tony guessed meant that they didn’t think this was the time. ‘Probably waiting until we get home to chew me out,’ He thought with anxiety.
“Being gay is a part of who I am. Who many people are. In an ideal world, being gay would be viewed the same as having red hair. Yes, other people have other hair colors, but no one should have to discover one day that their hair is red because society deems that everyone is a brunette at default.”
Now that Steve was recalling the conversation in the context of his accidental break up text, Steve realized his own words as well as Tony’s took on a whole different meaning. In this context Steve can understand Tony’s actions and words more because he’d been hurting, and he lashed back. In this context all that Steve had said to Tony dug a deeper hole into his already beaten heart. Steve was filled with anguish, but he has no doubt that Tony was feeling worse.
Steve’s jaw dropped. How can Tony say that? “Tony No, everything is not good!”
Bucky wasn’t doing any better though, his entire body trembled was so much pent up energy. “Oh God Tony you feel so good around me….ugh … yeah you’re squeeze me so well Tony….nhnn… one time isn’t going to be enough kitten….I’m gonna come in your ass so many times today and get it all sloppy...” God he was so close.
“I’m sorry Ms. Romanoff but I’m not allowed to disclose this information.”
As soon as he made it to the work shop he dumped all of the stuff in his arms in the corner while locking the lab down. Knowing that his current calm was temporary until everything totally sank in completely. He reached for his pain meds. All that walking with the heavy load he was carrying was causing his leg to hurt. Plus, he was due for another dose.
As Steve faces him with the elevator doors closing, Tony whispers, “Goodbye, Steve”
He’d eventually managed to settle down in a chair and rest his head on his crossed arms on a close by table. It wasn’t comfortable, but he wasn’t going to be able to sleep anyways. As he lay there, he hears the doors slide open. The lab has always been all access. He couldn’t have JARVIS keep people out. He was instantly tense and apprehensive because
“I…Tony… I don’t want to leave it like this” He didn’t know what to say, what to do.
Steve’s stomach chugged but he forced himself to focus on the conversation instead of how he was feeling. This was important. “Then he said some self-deprecating stuff, which I tried to correct but then he said that our relationship is over and …” Steve swallowed hard but didn’t continue.
He’s hands flew to the doorknob which expectantly was locked. Even through the doors, Steve could tell Tony was trying to suppress the sound, but it wasn’t working.
“Oh Steve,” Natasha moved to be beside him and wrapped herself around him. He went willingly and wasn’t surprised when he felt himself tear up then go into full blown sobbing.
you can’t get any lazier than that. It always gave Steve this cute partly confused, partly exacerbates, partly embarrassed blushing brow furrowed expression. It would then morph into this expression like he was about to start lecturing kids about proper grammar while calling them
“I mean okay. Thanks for letting me know Steve. Everything is good now. You can go if you’re done.”
Well, there we are. Sorry this last part took a bit of time. I hope you enjoyed the story and thank you too everyone that stuck with me through it. :)
“Unfortunately, Captain Rogers Sir has disabled all of them.”
All of a sudden Steve understood where Tony was going with this.
Suddenly he feels a completely overwhelming need to go home. He needed to apologize. Needed to comfort Tony and assure him that it wasn’t like that at all. That it was Steve’s own fault that he got angry, that he lost control. That he was thankful that Tony loved him so much.
To which Clint only scoffed.
Sometime later when he’d cried himself out, Natasha was still there holding him together. Beside him was a mug of specialty brewed tea. Bruce’s contribution no doubt. It was he’s rare tea from the Himalayas that he had limited quantities of. In the kitchen, Clint seemed to be cooking for all of them. He did feel a bit better. Not good but not as bad as he’d been. With his teammates here and their support, he felt like at least he had a match in the dark cave he was trapped in.
“I..uh.. by remember what you guys just told me?” That didn’t seem to be the answer Natasha was hoping for since her frown darkened so Steve gave it another shot. “Talk to you guys about it?” Steve didn’t really want to bug the team with his problems, but he figures that they were basically offering, and it might help him a lot.
Tony’s tone was so lighthearted that Steve had to chuckle, “I may have gotten some help from the team.”
“Hey don’t get mad at me, I’m not the one who got caught having sex in public and I’m not the one who made that stupid bet.”
He knew that people didn’t deserve each other, that there wasn’t rhyme or reason to life, but he also knew that much of life was situational. Unfortunately, everyone has so little control over the situation in the best of times. He knew that whether you win or lose a trial is situational. He knew that right and wrong was arguable. He knew that the truth was circumstantial. More than anything he knew that whether you end up with someone was rarely controlled by the emotion of love. Of course, sometimes you can fight and conquer certain situations for love, but there were countless more situations that were impossible to defeat.
Upon the release of his hips Bucky plunged his entire cock into Tony in one stroke thanks to the lube. Tony almost sobbed in relief as Bucky started a fast pace and pounded into Tony. Cock spreading him wide open.
There was a tense pause but eventually Tony says, “Well, technically we never broke up…”
“Please what Tony?” Steve smirked down at Tony. “Uhn…What are you asking me to do? Be specific now.” The nails on his hand digging into Tony’s skin a bit more.
And Steve almost exploded. “No, I’m Steve Rogers, and I could have been better. Should have been better for him!”
Silence and stillness met his ears. Maybe Tony had fallen asleep waiting? It did take him a long time to get home.
Bucky was sitting on the couch well into the 2
Clint, who was closest, tried to slow his advancement. “Bruce? You’re looking a bit green there. Maybe we should all take a deep…..”
Before Bucky could keep going, Steve came down Tony’s throat. The thing is super solders came
“It’s okay Steve…” He whispers. “You were completely right. This is over, this relationship is done.”
Tony had known that a press release to let the world know that Steve, Bucky and him were an item wouldn’t be easy but it was a necessary evil. He’d expected rude questions and anger but he honestly hadn’t thought that it would be over this.
“well… I did but his answer was strange?”
Behind him Dr Banner looked concerned too as he walked up for a better look. Then all he could see was red hair. “Steve, you look terrible.”
“Come on big guy.” She actually had some strong lean muscle going there because she easily dragged him up and deposited him on the couch as they sat around him. Bruce was still trying to get a better look. Steve lightly pushed him back.
Confusion flooded Tony’s brain as Bucky continued, “Sure society has changed to be more accepting than in the 1920s but I know that there are still lots of gay people in this country who suffer ridicule and pain because of their sexuality”
“Buck,” Steve’s call made him pull his focus away from Tony. “Talk to him. Tell him what he looks like. What it’s doing to you.”
However when Tony turned his head slightly towards him and he saw the slightly blissed out expression on his face. Bucky took a moment to be slightly confused but also aroused.
Bucky made a grunt in response and Steve rolled his eyes with slight amusement.
“She told me that peeling the label off of things is the universal sign for being sexually frustrated.”
Then Steve lined up his cock before pushing in while leaning his whole weight into it and let out an obscene noise that mixed in the room with Tony’s long wail. Even with his whole weight behind the push, Tony’s body resisted the intrusion of Steve’s impressive girth and Steve’s cock entered slowly inch by inch. “Oh God, Tony you’re so tight. How can you still be this tight after having that vibrator in you ass for the last hour?” Steve groaned out. Bucky saw Tony visible try to relax as his entrance twitched and was forced to take more of Steve.
Steve smiled into Tony’s neck. Tony was perfect. The kind of perfect that matched his own. “Thank you Tony. Just try to remember to do the same, huh?” He teased. “Bruce warned me that this incident isn’t just going to go away, and I can understand that. So, if you can Tony, please talk to me. I don’t care if it’s the exact same problem every time for a hundred years. I’m here for you. I always will be.” Steve added seriously.
“It’s just I don’t want to diminish-“ Tony tried again, but Steve cut him off this time.
“I cannot Captain. Sir is not currently listening to me or looking at the security footage.”
Despite his best effort, he’s insecurities echoed in the insuring silence, so Steve blurted out “Is it me? Did I do something wrong? Was I too pushy? Or is it because I exhaust you? Do I make you unhappy? Is there someone else? Do you not love me anymore?” and there is was. Everything he feared, said and out in the open now. Tony’s eyes grew wide as Steve spoke and every second without a reply was agony. He’s looking at Tony and he’s sure that he’s expression is begging Tony to deny it, to assure him. Except that wasn’t really fair, was it? He doesn’t want to guilt Tony into answering what he wanted to hear. Suddenly Steve snapped his gaze away, looking at the ground, fists clench as he suddenly found himself losing his battle against his tears. His shoulders shook but he tried his best to not make noise.
Steve felt guilt wash through him. Here he was again taking away Tony’s supports. Making Tony’s life more difficult. Being selfish. How could he think only of his own pain, when Tony was suffering?
Steve gave a slight nod. “Yeah, he use to do a lot of over the top things just because he thought that’s what I wanted and because he was really paranoid about me breaking up with him.”
Natasha’s soft hands found his on the table. “Steve you didn’t do any of that. You know the saying ‘people don’t change?’ that’s a load of bull. People say that because changing for the better is hard and they use it as an excuse. Tony wasn’t changing himself because he thought he needed to... to keep you. He wanted to be a better person because he loves you, and he felt like you were worth the effect to improve himself. You both inspire each other with your strengths. You drive him to want to be better for himself as well. Give him the strength to become the kind of person he wants to be. And that was true long before the two of you were lovers”
“Oh good. So just to be clear, we’re back together right?”
Steve reminded himself before taking one last breath and then knocking. He wasn’t going to just barge in there either.
“But this is nothing compared to what I’m going to do once I get free from this chair. I’m going to destroy that hole of yours ya hear? I’m going force my shaft into you and use it to beat your prostate so hard you’re going to pass out. And then you know what I’m going to do Doll?” Tony made another keening noise.
Tony continued but started staring at the floor. “I really hadn’t meant to trivialize what you two must have gone through. I know that it was so much harder in the 1920s to be gay. Something you can get prosecuted or murdered for. I’m sorry that I don’t have that experience to relate with you guys. I know it’s a lot better than it was back then…” He took a peek upward and realized that they were crowding into his personal space. Then each of them gently cupping one of his cheeks.
“Okay? What does okay mean?!” Steve could feel himself getting agitated, so he looked down for a second to let the feeling drain from him before continuing. “Tony, please talk to me. I’m trying to fix this, and I can’t do that if I’m just talking at you.” Steve moved his other hand to grip Tony’s other thighs searching Tony’s eyes for something, anything. Tony just stared back blankly.
Tony was just about to spew another apology when Bucky cut him off.
Tony tried to open the bottle with his sprained wrist holding the vial, and he ended up popping the bottle open with more force that he meant to causing all the medications to fly out around the room, into his pile and rolling under appliances. Damn it, whoever thought of child proof vials? I mean serious? Screw children.
During his accusations and subsequent threat Steve actually became more relax and started grinning. “Now is that any way to treat your longest friend Bucky? After 100 years of friendship?”
, Bucky thought already panting.
“Yeah, Steve. I know Clint is usually wrong when he’s off the battle field but he’s right about this.” She continued, ignoring Clint’s mild protest. “Steve does Tony love you?”
However, Tony was not looking forward to when Steve gets back from SHIELD. They’d just spent the morning fighting the green goblin. God Norman Osborn was such a pain in the ass, specifically a pain in his ass. And well….. Tony may have leapt in front of a new bomb Osborn developed so he could push Steve out of the way without knowing anything about what the bomb would do. It turns out if wasn’t anything the armour couldn’t handle, and Tony walked away with only a sprained wrist and a pretty big gash on his leg, but Steve had come out of the fight super pissed that Tony would do such a thing.
Steve made a face in response as he held his hand to prevent Bucky’s lips from coming in contact with his face. “Please don’t”
“If that’s the only reason you’re here Rogers then feel free to get out of my workshop now.” Now that he wasn’t ‘in danger of dying’, he just wanted Steve to leave. To realize that Tony wasn’t dying, and he no longer needed to remain here. Tony all but pushed himself from Steve’s arms and stood up. The fact that he hadn’t fallen or hurt himself again was a surprising bonus.
He made a quick reply and really tried to focus on his paper work so that he could get to leave soon. Tony’s text had sent urgency through him. Before he got more than a sentence further though, he’s phone chimed again.
When Steve made it to the door of the lab he paused to take a few deep breaths.
Steve hadn’t been scared that he’d be judged. He trusted his team, but her words gave him hope that even if he couldn’t say exactly what he meant, they’d still listen and help and try their best to understand. So, Steve took one more fortifying breath before it all started tumbling from his mouth.
Steve was in the common room looking out of the tower at central park, looking at the dots of couples and children enjoying the nice day. He didn’t know what else to do with himself. He didn’t feel like doing anything else anyways. Behind him the elevator doors open, and he hears 3 sets of foot steps.
“Yeah, Steve if not only for yourself but for Tony’s sake, I think you should give him some space” Natasha tried to placate him
“Cap,” Steve was really starting to hate that word. “I think we should stay broken up.” Tony whispered.
I was making him miserable and putting everyone’s safety at risk and he just couldn’t take it anymore. It’s okay. It’s for the best, really.” Tony didn’t even try to smile with the reassurance. He couldn’t even pull up a fake one right now.
“Steve, you know for a guy who supposedly is bad at expressing himself, that was like the most adult conversation I’ve every had.”
Steve’s POV
Clint turned his head upward, eyebrow raised. “Since when is Tony’s location a secret?”
“Also, Bruce It’s Science Bros” Clint helpfully chipped in causing Bruce to shrug.
“What, I don’t even get a say in all this!? You say we’re together and so that’s how it is?!” Tony shouted at him, suddenly angry.
“Look Tony I know you’re upset! But you can’t get mad at me for caring!” Wow Steve really knew where to stick you where it hurt.
Natasha and Clint both looked up at each other in silent conversation once more. Steve briefly noted that they seem to be getting frown lines.
“That’s one of the things we love the most about you sweetie.” Bucky added. Steve nodded in agreement.
Steve must have noticed where Bucky’s gaze tried to go because with his hips still thrusting and barely even slowing he pull Tony’s upper body to the right so that Bucky could get a sideways view of his entire body before saying, “God look at that expression while he’s being fucked. He looks so happy doesn’t he? Like he’s fulfilling his life’s purpose whenever he has a cock up his ass….. ugh…ah ….You like that honey? Having a cock shoved in you?”
“Now that one problem is solved. I think I’ve found a solution to how Bucky has been excluded lately,” Steve continued smirking at Bucky again. “He can participate by watching and running that mouth of his since he’s so good at it.
Realizing what Tony was trying to do and not wanting to upset him further, Bruce looked at the phone screen only to read it and see red. He shot out of his chair, grabbed Tony’s cell phone and stomped into the elevator with a single mindedness that usually only the hulk possessed. He was in perfect control though. He knew he wasn’t going to change because Bruce wanted to, no he needed to be himself when he lays into Steve, so that Steve will understand the severity. Then he might let the other guy out depending on how this plays out.
“I.. Don’t be vindictive Tony. I was simply stating what I felt at the time. Beside I said it for both of our sakes!”
“Where’s Bruce?”
“I thought you guys talked?” Bruce cut in. Unfortunately, he doesn’t look like he’s calmed down much. “How did this not get cleared up? Steve why didn’t you say anything when Tony said you guys were breaking up”
“What?! Bruce, No, I’d never break up with him. You know I’m selfish like that. Please don’t kill Steve. I’m just explaining it wrong, but this really is all my fault. I still love him, so I want him to be happy. He dumped me, so he could be happy which is why there’s no chance we’re getting back together.” Tony rushed out frantically trying to grip Bruce’s arm to show him the text.
It took a second but Tony got what Steve was implying. “With my mouth. I can with…” he breath eagerly trying to lift his head up.
“I hate the thought that he forced himself to change because of me. I never wanted him to feel like he wasn’t enough. I never wanted him to feel like I didn’t love him for who he already was, or that I would love him more if he changed.” He could only look down and stare at the table.
“Then what did you think we were talking about?”
“Steve?! JARVIS call us and told us you were having a panic attack? Dude we didn’t mean to lay it on that thick….?” Clint asked from the bottom of the stairs, but then trailed off when he took in Steve’s pale complication and blank stare.
“Oh Steve, dammit! He must have thought you were talking not just this morning but about your relationship.” Bruce was quick to realize after his interaction with Tony. He didn’t seem so angry anymore, just tired, exhausted even. “When I went down there Tony said you broke up with him not just because of the incident this morning but because he didn’t make you happy!”
Tony continued to sob but managed to choke out in-between “He….
This was it. This is the closure Tony was seeking.
At that Steve didn’t even have to think about it. He lifted Tony by the hair until he was upright while Bucky slide his hands to Tony’s thighs and lifted them up and out. Steve laid Tony’s head on Bucky’s right shoulder and sat back to just look for a second licking his lips. “How do you feel Tony with your legs spread wide completely on display knowing you’re about to take 2 cocks up your ass hole?” Tony’s cock visibly twitched.
“I.. Don’t be vindictive Tony. I was simply stating what I felt at the time. Beside I said it for both of our sakes!” In the back of his mind, a more rational part of him, the part that loved Tony more than anything shouted out at him. Begged him to stop, to not make it worse, wanted to slap himself for hurting Tony, and wanted to run to Tony and scope Tony up in his arms to comfort him. Because no, it wasn’t supposed to happen this way. He was supposed to apologize. Tony was supposed to forgive him. Then he’d spend the next few days spoiling the genius and having make-up sex.
“It’s okay. I missed you too, Kitten” He whispered back.
Bucky straight up snarled in Steve’s face, “Unbind me you Jackass! I’m not kidding. If you don’t let me go right now I’m going to rip your dick off the next time I see you.”
“The ones all over the ground!” but even as he yelled with Tony, he was relieved. The man seemed to be energetic and comprehensive and that quenched some of Steve’s worries.
he reminded himself. Tony’s just trying to start a fight again. “Of course, you get a say and since you do get a say, why don’t you tell me what you think our relationship status should be.
Tony wasn’t passed out. He was actually a lot of alcohol away from that, but he was tired. This day had been entirely draining. At least the alcohol seems to have taken the edge off the pain.
“I’m fine!” God, it’s not like Steve’s never seen how much he can drink. Wait…. “What pills?”
“What happened then?” Clint waves his hand over Steve’s face. “When did you think you guys were breaking up?”
“Lord, You look…..Stevie’s right, your purpose in life is to take cock every which way. That’s what gives ya the most delight in this world. This might make me a bad person but I love it. I love how you look like this.  I feel like I’m about to come in my pants from just watching you and nothing else.” Tony met his eyes in response and absolutely keened from the back of his throat with his mouth full of Steve’s dick. Good, Bucky wasn’t going to let Steve show him up when it comes to talking dirty.
Bruce didn’t see but he’s quip did give Tony a small smile before he remembered that he’d been getting plenty of hydration lately due to Steve. He took a gulp from the tea mug to try and stifle down another round of sobs. Bruce was trying to help. The least he could do is talk to Bruce. Despite trying, it took him another 10 or so minutes to calm down enough to get understandable words out. “You can’t fix this Bruce. Steve and I are over..
Steve couldn’t help but squeeze Tony tighter. “It’s my fault too. How could you know if I never say anything?”
With the glass to the workshop destroyed, Tony moved to his back up safe haven in the tower, his lab. He didn’t feel safe without the blackness of the glass surrounding him. He’s sure JARVIS will let pepper know about the glass, and she’ll probably have someone down to fix the glass by the end of the day. He’d considered flying to his rebuilt house in Malibu to hide in the workshop there, but he quickly realized he was still too drunk to fly the suit. Not to mention it’s likely that Steve would follow him if he left the tower, the stubborn bastard, which he definitely didn’t need right now.
“I’m sorry Steve. I can’t do this anymore.” And what could Steve say to that? Has he ever been good to Tony or was he fooling himself? All of a sudden, he saw all their good times together in a different light. Maybe he’d been selfish this whole time. Forcing Tony out of the lab
Steve’s first instinct was to go embrace the man, but two feet from Tony he halted in his tracks, arms still raised when he remembered their current situation. Again, Steve felt a surge of resentment towards himself. Look at how much suffering he’d caused Tony and now he was frozen here having no idea how to fix it all over again. What happened to all his determination and bravery from moments prior. He tried to remember the team’s words as he pushed back thoughts about how he wasn’t good for Tony.
Tony looked down and sighed. “Steve, I promise you that everything I just said I believe from the bottom of my heart, but we still shouldn’t be together.”
. We care about each other and usually we’re thankful for that fact. We make the calls we think are right.”
Tony smiled a bit. Steve was always so concerned about him. Plus, no longer at one word answers, that was progress at least.
“Steve?”
“Full….So….wide..” Tony managed to pant out which didn’t really tell the two soldier if he was okay for not but then Tony manages to get a few more words out.. “Good…want..”
“Tones, please don’t ever apologize for not having gone through anything horrible that we’ve experienced. I’m glad that you were able to be who you are without judgement.” Steve had the most earnest expression on his face.
Tony felt his eye well up with tear again. Tony still loves Bruce, of course, and he knew that no matter what Bruce cared for him. The fact that he remembers that at a time like this shows how far he’s come since being with Steve, since being with the Avengers. Bruce was just mad that Tony had put them in danger, Tony reasoned. He needed sometime to himself to calm down. Probably, considering his expression when he stormed out of the lab.
“Tony? Sweetie? Can you say something please? Talk to me.”
Steve opened his mouth to frantically try to explain when the elevator arrived.
Tony took a chug from the bottle this time. Why is he thinking about these things? He was trying to logic out the situation. Trying to understand why he and Steve could no longer be together despite how much he loved Steve. Despite how much Steve loved him, had loved him. He wasn’t going to deny how much Steve had loved him. Steve showed it in everything he did, and Steve wouldn’t lie about his emotions. To deny Steve’s feelings would be doing Steve a grave disservice. To deny Steve’s feelings would be too insulting to Steve, too dishonest and unjust after all he’s done for Tony. But he was also trying to accept that it was only logical that Steve fell out of love with him, or that he would eventually fall out of love with him. He was trying to accept the fact that Steve has finally found something he isn’t willing to give up for love. In this case his own and the safety of the team. How can Tony deny him that? The team was his family too, and if they were at stake, he was willing to sacrifice his relationship with Steve and contain his love for Steve to ensure their safety. Not that any of them would ask that of him ever. Convincing himself was working but he was getting more depressed as well.  He’s tired, he’s so so tired. So finally, he laid down on the couch and let himself rest. He knew sleep would be fretful right now, but it would burn a few hours away with less pain than what he was currently feeling.
He didn’t bother bring any of his stuff this time, too exhausted to really need anything except isolation. He’s feet shuffled him along through the sliding glass doors that closed behind him. For a second, he just stood in the middle of his lab. It was less of a space for conceptualizing and building and more of a place for testing new materials and theories, but it was still a space he freely gave over his body to his intellectual ideas which made it a place he feels familiar with and comfortable in.
Steve’s stomach felt tighter.
blowjobs and the like to his boyfriend. It was torture and he definitely would have loss by day one if the stakes weren’t so high because come on, Tony was a sexy piece of ass okay? And on top of that was the amazing skills Tony had picked up over his lifetime.
“Tony I’m SORRY okay? I was angry and…” He trailed off. Suddenly Steve was feeling tired, and the day’s events hang heavily on him, dragging him down. He knew he’d hurt Tony this time, but he just couldn’t back down. In that instance he realized it was because he was hurt too. That today’s events had hurt and frightened him. This wasn’t about being a hypocrite because he’s feelings are still valid. What he was feeling was real,
“Yeah it was,” Bruce replied with a sympathetic expression. “Tony said it’s been a long time since he’s had home made cooking, and as far as he’s concerned, your cooking is the best. He actually had the most dopey smile one his face when he told me that the first time.” Bruce hesitated before continuing. “But it’s not just that Steve, he said it’s been so long since there was food available to him 3 times a day which is part of the reason he never ate full regular meals. And I don’t mean this offensively to Pepper, she’s a busy woman with a strenuous job, but it’s not like she’d cooked for him or gave him 3 meals a day. Telling him to eat is never going to be as effective as providing him with food,” Bruce then looked directly into Steve’s eyes. “Tony isn’t tolerating you making him sleep or eat. It’s you that’s provided him with the means so that he can sleep and eat. You didn’t force him Steve. You helped him. Supported him in what he does. I guarantee you that Tony appreciates it greatly. So, don’t beat yourself up about not returning all the things Tony does for you. You do give back. In a different way, but it’s just as meaningful and important.”
“Steve your insecurities stem from your relationship with Tony so none of us will be able to help as much as Tony can by assuring you that your fears are unfounded.” Natasha reasoned.
No, he couldn’t think that. He was going to fight for this relationship with everything he has. Time to go for broke. “Tony I want you to listen to me. I don’t want to break up. I’ve never once wanted to break up with you. This isn’t me regretting the break up or whatever your thinking. I want to be with you Tony. I’ve always wanted to be with you and I’ll always want to be with you no matter what happens because I love you, all of you. Who you are, what you do, and everything in between. That break up wasn’t real Tony and it will never be real, not unless you want to break up with me but I’m definitely not breaking up with you. So as far as I’m concerned we’re still together.”
Arriving at the communal area where Natasha and Clint sat, he barely registered Clint’s shriek of “Oh my god Cap! Why are you only wearing boxers?” as he turned his face away. Natasha however looked at him with confusion and concern.
“JARVIS, I know that the lab is on lock down but do the overrides work?”
He shook his head. Tony knows him better than anyone. Tony was his best friend and Steve had never hesitated to share any part of himself with Tony
Thankfully he didn’t pass out and his vision quickly returned as he panted. However he guessed he’d let go of Tony since Tony was now faceplanted on Steve’s abs while they both heaved in large breaths. He couldn’t help but think
“Uh, wasn’t that like 20 years ago?” Clint asked with all the lack of tact expected of him.
Then a set of arms hesitantly wrapped around him from his side and that small gesture was enough to light up Steve’s whole world for a bit as he kneeled there in Tony’s embrace.
It was then that Bucky realized that Tony’s arms were still bound with his face down on Steve’s lap and ass up in the air. This gave him a perfect view of Tony’s round ass and his hole which was gaping wide and drooling cum and lube out. Sensing where his gaze was Tony’s rimmed fluttered as he tries to clench which didn’t seem to do much to change how wide his hole had been stretched.
Suddenly feeling less horny Bucky turned his concerned eyes to Tony. “Oh doll, it’s not like that at all. It’s just..” He paused to bite his lip. “If I’m around you then I wouldn’t be able to resist jumping you?”
“You going to go apologizes? That’s why you’re looking for him right?” Bruce piped up again. “Because if you’re finding him to yell at him, I’m obligated as his Science brother, as he would call it, to release the Hulk on you.”
Steve took one look at the 14 finished bottles on the table all of them with completely peeled off labels and raised a brow in question at him. When Bucky didn’t even acknowledge his presents, Steve decided to try a different approach. “You know what Tasha told me once while I was drinking beers while peeling the labels back when Tony and I weren’t together yet?”
“Shh, Steve it’s okay. It’s not you okay? I promise.” Tony’s words were slightly muffled from him resting his head on Steve’s shoulders. “Please don’t feel like that Steve. Don’t ever feel like that. You’re perfect.”
“Then what happened to you Steve? You usually only look this wrecked when Tony is seriously injured or something”
Right now I just need you to leave. I need distance right now.” Tony look another step back with that statement.
Sometimes it’s really obvious that Steve’s views were largely driven by the war and a whole different era. It might as well be a whole different world. Steve was still idealistic and inexperience in many concepts of the new world. To Steve there was a right and wrong, a black and white. Tony supposes that since it was us against Hilter and genocide, the right and wrong of that war was much more distinct. Can’t say the same for war nowadays.
“We’re superheroes Cap” Clint shot him a look like he was stupid which really was pretty offensive considering it came from Clint. “We take hits for each other all the time because we’re teammates and friends and
