need me to hold it,” John corrected as he turned on the spot and with a respectably soft
Well, then.
He punctuated the statement by tapping on the drawing. John looked at it closely, adjusting its position to match his perspective better. They were facing south - the back wall. Storage room to the west and loo to the east and who knows what beyond either of those.
“But ultimately? If you’d have had reservations yet I demanded the letter?”
“Well, this one needs a bit of ironing,” said Sherlock. He’d converged on Al as soon as he and John had arrived and had commandeered the baby. Hamish Arthur was all of fourteen hours old and had been peacefully sleeping in his father’s arms.
Sherlock tilted his head back until his eyes were locked with John’s.
“What was that?
John didn’t expect anything more than that nod, of course. Mrs. Hudson had pulled him aside after dinner that first night to explain.
He didn’t get to make many rules the following Wednesday when they were measured for their wedding dress robes.
Apologies for the long delay in getting this chapter finished. There's a bit of an odd discovery in this one, but we've reached an important milestone. Lots of garden from here on out as we cruise along to the finish. As a refresher from chapter 20, Sherlock and Molly are off getting their new decoding endeavor set up, and John is called in to speak with Sholto and Mycroft and to have his orders to do whatever necessary to enable Sherlock to do his job reinforced. He has a lot of time to kill while Molly and Sherlock are off together, and upon reflection, realizes he's flirting with Sherlock. He vows to put some distance between them emotionally - and to put his assignment first.
Reluctantly, he pushed down the irritation. He knew his feelings were more complex than irritation at not having his explicit orders followed. He was curious about what was happening in that meeting. He was worried about Sherlock. He was bored - bored - with the quiet routine of the infirmary and the patients that would make successful recoveries with or without his presence here. He was claustrophobic - it was a beautiful day he was itching to feel the sun on his shoulders.
“Well, ordinary or not, I’m a Wizard,” John said. “I’m also a doctor – a Muggle doctor. That’s why we live in this dodgy Muggle flat.”
“It doesn’t surprise me. Nor does it surprise me that he still believes he can order me to do something I clearly don’t want to do. He says I don’t have a choice.” He spoke in an exaggerated, condescending voice that did sound quite a bit like Mycroft’s. “I’m not asking you to go, I’m telling you you must. Honorees must attend.”
The two men held each other’s eyes, neither flinching.
“The idea is to get you outside, breathing fresh air. I didn’t have a lot to choose from – I needed someplace where no one would stumble on us.”
The song sounded hollow and empty without the richness added from the second hand. Still, he played it again. He hadn’t realised just how much he’d missed this, and was quietly amazed at how easily it came back.
Sometimes, John hated how routine life felt. And while he couldn’t say that he missed the living conditions in the war zone in northern Africa, or the standard military rations, he did miss the unpredictability of his days.
of it while it lasted.”
“Are you forfeiting your next question?” asked Sherlock with a smile. He was studying the board again, pointedly not looking at John.
“Narrative. Be succinct.”
How the hell had this conversation even happened? John didn’t want to discuss his dead wife, his marriage, or his reasons for getting married in the first place. He’d expected that Sherlock would be explaining what part Molly was going to play in this new project of Sherlock’s, and why he’d chosen her to come to Rosethorne in the first place.
“Here.” Sherlock rotated the paper ninety degrees and moved his finger to a new point on it. “No more than a quarter mile away. We’re facing south. The main entrance is in front us and the gates just beyond the cottage.” Sherlock’s voice, falling from just slightly above his ear, was low and even, and he brushed easily against John as he traced a line to the guest cottage. “The tunnel most likely starts on this wall, between here and here.”
“Miss Adler – what…?”
Soon after, Sherlock had a pair of garden shears in his hand, and Lestrade had the hedge clippers, and Lestrade seemed to be giving Sherlock a pruning lesson. They were working on a young yew, one that had sprouted from seed or root, and John left them to it as his gaze drifted upward again, into the branches of the oaks as the breeze began to blow again through them.
"There were - complications. Our security was breached. I - I was captured."
Sherlock smiles – the first genuine smile he’s smiled in years, and the other man walks toward him and without pause, passes through the doorway, flesh and blood and bone and not a specter, into Mycroft’s building.
“Well, it was a bit windy, Dad,” Rosie said.
John sank into a leather library chair and dropped his head into his hands. He couldn’t fathom how or why this conversation had veered from Molly’s past to his own love life. He squeezed his eyes shut for a long moment, willing it all away, but when he opened them, he was still locked in this surreal tableau.
“We have new neighbors, John!”
“Ill? Do you mean have I had seizures? No. None at all.” Sherlock’s elbows rested on the arms of the chair and he touched his index fingertips together, making a triangle with his thumbs, then circling his thumbs, first forward, then backwards. He didn’t seem aware at all of these repetitive, geometric movements.
“I think a suitable punishment will be for you to tell your father what you’ve been doing.”
She led him to a small antechamber, where Mrs. Hudson sat in a straight-backed chair against a wall, clutching a folded newspaper and looking out of sorts herself.
“Just grew out of it, I suppose. Grew up, went off to medical school, then the army.”
Sherlock shrugged. “He wouldn’t have – anywhere else. But when we came here, we only had each other. We spent most of the summer here when I was seven. Mummy and Father were travelling abroad, and our Aunt Addie, Grandfather’s youngest sister, minded us here while she took care of grandfather. We thought him quite old even then – he spent nearly all of his time indoors and saw us only at dinner, which was always a formal affair. We had to dress for it, and Aunt Addie schooled us in manners, though Mycroft was born with a serviette in his lap and didn’t need instruction at all. But I was only a boy, and Aunt Addie would bribe me with an after-dinner outing in the gardens if I managed not to upset my water or chew with my mouth open or call Mycroft a nincompoop during the meal. I nearly always won my reward, and Mycroft would take me out, still in our dinner clothes. No one would be about at that time of day to keep me out of trees and off walls, but Mycroft wouldn’t allow me to risk damaging my clothing.”
His natural reaction was to fight. He hated being restrained, and suffered what he’d been told was a type of claustrophobia. He was left hand dominant, despite trying to train his brain to think otherwise, and he tried to raise his left arm but found it heavy and unresponsive.
But Sherlock’s words out in the garden, his quiet determination, his affirmation of this thing between them, remained imprinted in his mind.
He got in a decent punch with his right, however, drawing his fist back and jabbing upward like a boxer, connecting on the bottom of the chin.
“Your move,” he said.
“All my jumpers now are cashmere pull-overs,” John reminded him. “The old ones were stolen in that break-in a few years ago.”
“It doesn’t like you, John,” Sherlock said. He’d stopped midway through his bored circuit around the perimeter of the garden to watch the crow’s posturing. He was clearly amused.
being weak.”
“Hullo,” she returned, eying Sherlock who was peering inside the flat where voices floated out from the kitchen. “We’re sorry to bother you – I suppose he’s not used to carrying so much weight.”
“Mum – really?” James was saying. “Isn’t that Lil’s dress?”
“Sherlock, it cannot wait any longer.”
“The grandparents?” he asked suspiciously.
Instinctively, Sherlock backs up.
It seemed a paltry staff, but it was wartime, and resources were needed elsewhere. The obvious intent was to care for the people and the parts of the manor they inhabited, with much less attention paid to the grounds themselves. With Sherlock spending all of his time in the private family wing of the manor or outside, and being cautious to avoid moving about while the staff was changing shifts, he continued his faceless, anonymous existence with apparent ease.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is impressive and enduring, the lighthouse of Alexandria strong and long-standing. The statue of Zeus honoured the founder of the Olympic games, while the Colossus of Rhodes was, indeed, colossal.  Hanging gardens, temples, mausoleums – all great in their own right while they endured, but nothing – nothing – will ever compare to a tiny eight-pound bundle named John William Watson.
“It is a reasonable conclusion, is it not? That your grandmother would have high aspirations for you? That she’d want you to be successful – to live a more comfortable life than she had, than your parents had.” Sherlock shrugged dismissively. “It wasn’t in your file, John. Sometimes – well, I’m told that sometimes I see things that aren’t obvious to others.” He uncrossed his legs and John noted that he was wearing loose-fitting grey trousers and a dark green shirt instead of pajamas or dressing gown. In this every day attire, Sherlock looked even taller, thinner, more angular.  “Why did you stop playing, John?”
As he had done – too many times to count, to remember – back in London, in those rose-tinted years before the war, before he’d left for Africa.
He hadn’t expected the small cluster of reporters gathered in front of 221B, but resolutely pushed on. He meant to ignore them – let them take all the photographs they wanted of a man attempting to unlock the door to his flat – but one of them surprised him with a question that cut straight to the heart of the matter.
They started over at the top, working through the piece again, and this time Sherlock hummed in accompaniment, and John’s left hand twitched, and he lifted it automatically as it longed to join the right, but forcefully dropped it back onto his lap
She arched an eyebrow.
He spoke softly, with a subdued excitement in his voice that brought to mind childlike exuberance. He rapped on the back of the wardrobe, but it sounded as solid as any other large piece of furniture.
“Sherlock – what….?”
Mycroft Holmes was both ruthless and relentless. He was not at all satisfied with John’s answers, though John never varied. He’d been awakened sometime around two o’clock by Mrs. Hudson, who brought him to Sherlock’s room, where he found Sherlock slightly feverish and dehydrated but not convulsing. He’d stayed with Sherlock, monitoring him, encouraging fluids after he vomited. Sherlock had eventually fallen asleep around four o’clock, and John himself had slept on a chair until he was awakened by Mrs. Hudson. He’d organised the staff to search the premises, and when Miss Adler was not found, he’d made the decision to inform Mr. Holmes.
“How old were -” John began, but Sherlock cut him off.
Sherlock gazed at John a moment, then looked away and took up the clippers again. “Don’t say his name in the garden – please, John.”
“Ooooh!  He’d love it!” Lily said. “Can you really do that, Mr. Holmes?”
They’ll be lying in bed together – Sherlock’s bed -
“Trying is all we ask,” Sholto replied. They’d all ignored Anderson completely. John sincerely hoped the man wouldn’t be taking residence here at Rosethorne.
“Right. You’re not a dog. No – cat. You’re not a cat.” He faltered – realising that he might actually think of Sherlock Holmes as some sort of exotic cat – certainly not a dog.
“And what?”
, hesitating a bit before pronouncing it.
a man, and that something was more than a logistical list of parts and pieces. But at the heart of it, he knew the issue of gender wasn’t the crux of the matter. He’d met Mary after her accident, after the onset of her debilitating condition, yet their meeting had nothing to do with his medical training, or with caregiving. He’d had no idea she was ill – he’d danced with her, and stepped on her feet, and she’d laughed and tried to take the lead. He’d resisted and they’d taken a walk together instead, arm in arm. He’d learned about her condition later, and while it had come to define their shared life, it was initially a side-note. He’d met Mary in a carefree moment, and when he’d learned of her injury, her past, her epilepsy, something inside had fired up, a flare of protectiveness that nearly destroyed him in the end. He’d been attracted to her from the start in the usual way, and the disease hadn’t figured into their relationship until later. He’d fallen for her before he knew what was to come.
He still isn’t sure, all these years later, of the order of things, but he’s checked off the boxes in his mind and he knows he’s progressed through stages. They’re four-letter-words, each of them, and laid end to end they spell the beginning and the middle and the ever after that paves the way to the end.
“Come in then, come in. We’ve been expecting you, Dr. Watson. Mr. Holmes will be leaving in the car that brought you, but I’m told he wants a word with you before he goes. He’s gone more than he’s here, isn’t he, so you’ll need your orders – we do hope you last longer than the last one – two weeks. Two weeks! It’s as if they find this wholesome ountry air an imposition! Now come along – I’m to take you to up to Mr. Holmes straight away. You’ll be wanting tea so I’ll have Annie bring it up. I’m Mrs. Hudson, by the way, and just to be clear, I’m not the housekeeper. My late husband was the grounds manager here – and Mr. Holmes kept me on to keep things going while he’s away, you know.”
The chauffeur, Simon, stepped out from an inset doorway, then nodded at Mrs. Hudson, as if silently letting her know that she was dismissed
He took a final fortifying breath and blew it out slowly, then pushed off the stair post and walked into the infirmary.
“Mycroft.”
“If wiz-fit children don’t always show accidental wizfittery before they go to Bogsworth, how does the school know to send them a letter?”
The bird cawed and hopped to a higher branch.
John glanced over at Sherlock, who was sitting cross-legged on the grass tinkering with his violin. He thought, oddly wistful, of his original intent of distracting Sherlock from the problem of rebuilding his Mind Palace with the hands-on project of designing and building the pirate ship treehouse he’d never quite managed as a child. Finding a perfectly preserved treehouse at the guest cottage, no matter that it was designed and built for a different long-ago boy, seemed to have satisfied any lingering childhood fancy for Sherlock. Oh, he’d been happy enough to help John dismantle the garden shed and carry the wood here, but he’d not taken to the activity as John has hoped he would, and seemed happier watching Greg at work, or even picking up a pair of hedge clippers himself from time to time.
“Mr. Holmes mentioned it,” she said. She raised her eyebrow. “He seems to know quite a bit about you.”
“Wear it for me for a bit,” he says as he picks up his violin.
Hell, he needed to be honest with himself.
The door to the loo, no less, or what he hopes is the loo in this tangle of stuffy corridors and lavishly appointed offices in his brother’s office building. The sign indicating that this door does indeed lead to the loo is a brass plate with the letters WC engraved on it and the whole thing is not much larger than a postage stamp. He turns the knob and pushes the door open but before his foot crosses the threshold, he stops abruptly.  Something is off – the smell, the lighting, the amount of space opening up before him.
“I think Mycroft watched you dig under the wall from the treehouse and had a good laugh at your expense.”
“I have one,” said Sherlock after a long, comfortable pause in which they each tried to wipe the image of Rosie in that giant diaper-like monstrosity from their brains. “Top ten places we’ve had sex.”
Odd that the first bespoke garment he’d every owned was a set of dress robes.
John shrugged. “Sounds like a father and son project - Dad did the planning and maybe let the boy cut the wood where he marked it, then allowed the lad to nail it up.”
“This has my brother’s fingers all over it,” Holmes said at last, gazing fixedly at John’s face. “He resents being here – being kept here. He has helped her escape.”
“Yes. And a clock.” John tried not to look surprised. Of course - a clock. He hadn’t missed one yet, but had he, he’d have definitely included it on his mental list.
Want.
John blinked. He was rapidly losing control of the conversation and he wasn’t exactly sure how that had happened. He did know, however, that Sherlock Holmes was the most interesting thing he’d encountered since arriving at Rosethorne – more interesting, even, than what he’d found behind the locked gate.
Molly.
“You’re not getting out of this,” John warned Sherlock as Mycroft eyed them appraisingly, then started down the stairs toward them.
,” the child stated, folding his arms in front of him and glaring at Harry. “I need my
He stood then and limped slowly down toward Sherlock, but when he reached him, he didn’t lean against him, or take his hand, or brush his lips against his cheek, as much as every instinct within him urged him to do so.
“Of course. Not through. Not over. So – under.” Sherlock smiled at John, and there was approval in his eyes. He liked that John was keeping up with him.
“The best doctor is here,” Sherlock had said as Simon stood by, a bit battered himself, and seemingly unsurprised that Sherlock was alive, and stoically announced he’d followed Mr. Holmes’ directions to return directly to Rosethorne. The farm truck stopped to help change a flat that they’d swerved to avoid had brought them both here, and Mycroft had staunched his bloody head with an old shirt.
He quickly shook his head. “I just wanted to distract Sherlock from the head games – it’s not good for him. He was having too many seizures, not getting enough sleep either. He told me he spent time here as a boy, and never got the treehouse he and Mycroft planned to build.”
Deny? Attribute what Mycroft had certainly clearly seen to the combination of trauma, pain and strong medication?
John slipped his fingers inside his pocket and touched his wand. “Why do you ask? Do I look like a Muggle?” he answered.
And thus, two days later, John found himself pushing Sherlock out into the gardens at the very unexpected hour of two in the afternoon, just after lunch. Sherlock was in disguise, as always, though the disguise of late was no more than the old-fashioned and oddly-coloured suit coat, the lap rug, and the old man’s hat to cover Sherlock’s tell-tale curly head.
She shook her head in resignation – Sherlock’s class was far too popular for her to can him at this point - then turned and walked purposefully back toward the castle, leaving him to deal with his charge.
Sherlock was studying him now as if he were a rare specimen, an insect pinned to a board. He looked oddly pleased at John’s turn-about, despite the fact he wasn’t getting the answers he apparently wanted.
“You were quite interesting on paper,” Sherlock responded.
“Of course I mean women. No photos with the boyfriend, though he started to mention him then changed course when he realised he’d done so.”
John’s eyes traveled from Sherlock to Hamish. The two-year old child was sucking happily on a dummy. John reached over and pulled it out.
John flung open the bathroom door, shaving cream speckling his face. Sherlock had their grandson comfortably perched on his hip and his shirt had a white dribble down the shoulder.
“Exactly! That!” He glared at Severus then looked suspiciously at Harry.
He dismissed it now, where he hadn’t been able to before, because the explanation was clear. Sherlock and Lestrade were old friends. Their relationship pre-dated John, pre-dated Sherlock’s injury. They were comrades. And until a very short time ago, Lestrade had thought Sherlock was dead.
He glanced at John, then continued his story. “He picked out a suitable tree, one close to the locked garden – the one I mentioned before, John, that Grandfather had locked up.” He glanced at the key in his hand, and John imagined that the key might have opened the lock in the old gate. “I was fascinated by that garden, but Mycroft always warned me away – he told me the garden was haunted, that our grandmother was buried there and her ghost was trapped inside.  But oddly enough
“And this one?”
“Rosethorne?”
Mrs. Hudson who pushed open the door, and introduced Dr. John Watson, at last, to the master’s brother, the mysterious invalid himself, Sherlock Holmes.
“We don’t need your blessings,” John said, voice terse. Mycroft, perhaps expecting something more conciliatory after what for him were difficult and unusually heartfelt words, looked oddly deflated.
The anniversary of Mary’s death had slipped by quietly. They’d acknowledged it, reminisced, passed it rather serenely with an early morning visit to the cemetery and a night in watching a movie with Rosie snuggled asleep on the sofa between them. He hadn’t thought of this particular anniversary until Mycroft had handed him his mobile, photograph of he and John holding Rosie’s hands as they walked through Regent’s Park displayed on the open newsfeed.
a habit too with Sherlock. “That was for dramatic effect. You could have made up a medical emergency and sent Mrs. Hudson for me.”
“The same project?”
“That’s not an old song,” Molly said. “That’s the bluebird song – mum sings it all the time now.” The edge of her anger seemed to be wearing off.
be, in fact. Nor could he be speaking so well so fast - he should be disoriented for quite a bit longer.
“Sherlock – stop that. You’re upsetting Molly.”
He sipped at the water, then carefully set the glass on the table before addressing Lestrade. John hung back against the wall, cradling his throbbing hand, knowing he really should get the stingers out, but too caught up in what was about to happen to make dealing with it a priority.
“You keep doing that.”
John will carry his own guilt to the grave.
Oddly, or not, the only mention of Sherlock’s seizures was the notation that the patient had suffered a previous head injury leading to trauma-induced seizures, but hadn’t had any seizures while in hospital.
“Well, since your brother is gone again, and there don’t seem to be any imminent crises looming over us, maybe you can tell me why you had Mrs. Hudson bring me here tonight.”
He was brusque – professional, but not friendly. Probably accustomed to chauffeuring Holmes and his high-placed friends and family. He waited for John to extract himself from the vehicle and right himself with his cane, not attempting to help him, then followed him to the door, carrying the two suitcases.
“Oh no. This - . No. He’s not…” John gazed down at the child, then back up at Potter, the horrified look on his face melding with one of intense and utter amusement and making him look like he had escaped lock-up in the psych ward.
“Right.” Al appeared relieved to change the subject. “She’s the youngest of seven – well, six now. Fred was killed in the war. He and George were twins – George is the one with only one ear. Anyway, mum’s the only girl.”
“Sadly, yes. It
It took him an inordinately long while to formulate his answer, and put the words to paper. John sat watching him, gut tight with apprehension. He stood when Lestrade stopped writing, and looked up at him expectantly.
Mrs. Hudson frowned at him. “Well, I’d say one of
“I’d give up the seizures, then,” Sherlock said, decisively. “I’d tell Mycroft and his generals to stuff it and become a troubadour. I’d wander the streets of London without fear of falling into the Thames and make my living playing the violin on street corners.”
When John woke up on Sunday morning, for a few blessed moments he forgot that his partner’s brother was sleeping on their sofa, and that said brother had thrown up Honeyduke’s chocolate all over the sitting room, corridor and bathroom during the night.
“Infatuation. Not all of us are immune to her feminine wiles,” he said matter-of-factly.
might have been documented somewhere for the Holmes brothers to see.
“Only you,” Sherlock said.
“Someone came up with the name one day and it stuck,” Mycroft said, closing the matter. “The point is that Sherlock is convinced that the key to putting it all back together and delivering a nearly fool-proof encoding system is to restore his former mental system -  the one he has so grandiosely named the Mind Palace.”
“I am well aware of my brother’s limitations, Dr. Watson. Your job is to help him overcome those limitations so that he can complete the assignment he was working on when he was injured. And please take note that I did not go into this blindly – I understood the risks of allowing my brother to choose you, and could have aborted the process at any time. But the risk was worth the potential gain. He presented your dossier to me and announced that it would be you, or no one at all. I made it very clear to him at that time that if I brought you to Rosethorne, he would be committed to the war effort ‘til the end. So, now that you and Sherlock have moved matters along” – here he waved tiredly toward the closed door of the chamber where Sherlock lay sleeping – “where do we stand with the project? Has his obsessive focus on you benefited or harmed our endeavor?”
She hadn’t stumbled upon that file accidentally.
“You’re reading my mind,” he whispered, not because anyone could hear them, but because the intimacy of the moment demanded it.
“Self-defense, or so I’m told,” he said. “Apparently, sheep being crushed by a falling human make an ungodly sound. She put a bullet through his head to halt his investigation of the noise.”
Why did Sherlock have to get the trick parachute?
particular garden, I worked it off the ring and ran off with it.”
“Surgeon,” he said. His voice lacked conviction. “It’s a skill that would help immeasurably now, at this point of the war. And afterward. The number of wounded who’ll need continued treatment after this is all over….”
“Very minor,” she added.
The other man nods slowly. “Yes. How could you possibly know that?”
- were it not this particular mother and son. The ex-wife and son of my own partner! The brother and mother of your best friend! And on your best friend’s wedding day!
There were only two patients now, and John and Molly as the official medical staff, plus aides from a nursing service who filled out the schedule, appearing for two eight-hour shifts during the daytime and spending all of their time in the infirmary. Sherlock, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade and Billy Wiggins completed the resident list. The cook, her assistant, and three maids, one of whom split her time between household chores and the kitchen, were present for a large part of the day, but didn’t overnight at Rosethorne. Ben the gardener wandered about, but seldom came inside, even for meals. And when Mycroft was present for his occasional visits, he had his personal assistant and chauffeur Simon with him.
Some effort was still made around the main terrace, where the herb and flower beds were being maintained and the grass and weeds pulled away from the edges of the walks. Someone was trimming the hedges here too – someone with a steady hand and an artistic touch. The first hedgerow was low and wide, and cut so that it curved down and out, giving the appearance of blending seamlessly into the endless moors behind it. The hedgerow seemed to be part of the landscape – not something that separated the manor from the land beyond.
“I suppose it’s too late to change our minds about our Muppet daughter marrying a Wiz fit?” Sherlock shouted as Rosie and Lily disappeared, Lily booming out in a voice larger than one that could possibly have come from her body.
“John’s home?” Sherlock glanced up the stairs, frowning. “It’s the middle of the day.”
“Did you, by any chance, write the letter I requested?” Mycroft asked. He may have appeared matter of fact, but John knew he was anything but.
- I can’t ignore it anymore. John – there’s just too much
“No – no.” He sighed, looking blankly at his empty cup. Those boys had been on his mind a lot these last days, and he didn’t necessarily want Molly to know how much they’d affected him. “But Charlie is another story, Molly. He hates to be seen by anyone – he won’t even look up at me when I change the dressing. He’ll hate being outside – he’ll feel exposed. And his balance – the seiz…” He shook his head. “He could fall. Perhaps we could take him to one of the other gardens closer to the house – we could push him in the chair.”
“Here’s hoping that entire embarrassing episode stays locked and inaccessible in his child’s brain,” Sherlock muttered to John as they returned to their pudding.
“You knew about this already,” he accused. “You had to have. That was far too easy.”
“Hit it, Rosie and Al,” instructed Lee through the radio as their descent magically slowed.
“Agreed.”
“And a clock,” Sherlock added. ”Surely there should be a clock.”
Sherlock wears the scarf the rest of the day, and John hangs moon and sun and rose in the window. As the sun sets, it prisms through the glass and the room dances in coloured light, a stained glass tableau of Christmas peace.
“Who taught you to play chess?” John asked. The answer to the question didn’t particularly interest him, but he hadn’t had time to consider a better one.
They hid the chair behind a stand of azaleas, left the lap rug and suit coat folded up on the seat, but Sherlock kept the hat as John - somewhat reluctantly - led him through the garden paths to the gate he’d found so early in his meanderings here at Rosethorne.
“Why were they keeping him? What, exactly, did you save him
“I’m a doctor,” he said. “I should think that was obvious to you as you’re playing the part of difficult patient so well.”
John didn’t quite know what to make of that statement. “Um – well, good,” he replied. He smiled at her, and made a motion for her to leave. “Go on now, really. You’re exhausted. You’ll not get any sleep at all if you stay here, and he’s going to need some extra attention tomorrow, isn’t he?”
John scoffed. “Only because I got dangled over the side of the walkway on the Tower Bridge completely starkers. You solved that one in three hours, Sherlock. You only picked it because it embarrassed me so much.”
“Fanciful,” John said, his face relaxing into a smile. “Though I gave up on maids some time ago, Sherlock.”
“Sounds lovely,” John said, huffing as he pushed the chair forward on the steepest incline of the path back to the manor. He pressed his entire midsection into the back of the chair to maneuver it, and was oddly aware of the pressure against Sherlock’s thin back.
“God, Sherlock – that isn’t the kind of happily ever after story for a child,” John said, though his mind was mulling over the details of the story – the hedge maze, the locked garden. The neglected play area he’d seen inside the gate.
“Molly would disagree, I think,” John said. “She told me you’re processing those packages I deliver in no time.”
When he stopped moving – that only after some frightening but short drops and a lot of branches snapping at his face and arms – the only thing he could see was the ground below, and that only through a sort of tunnel so that he could only see a very small spot of ground. He kicked his foot – his shoelaces had come untied during the crash landing and appeared to be snagged on a limb. He hoped it wasn’t the only thing holding him up.
It was brilliant, and tragic. Sherlock hadn’t only been working on a decoding project - he’d beeen working on an entire
And while normal was well and fine, John was bored.
However, Captain John Watson was accustomed to following orders.
He paused, glancing at Sherlock, hoping he’d fallen asleep. But Sherlock’s eyes were open, and he was studying John intently.
“Nope. Molly and Arthur landed right on target.”
“It’s five o’clock somewhere,” John interrupted, raising his glass and staring at Sherlock until Sherlock reluctantly lifted his own glass to touch John’s. When John spoke, his words were slow and careful and very, very heartfelt.
it while I attempted to reorganise the data I’d previously collected. And this painting, or sculpture, this
“Don’t you get bored just sitting there holding him?” John asks Sherlock when William is ten days old and they’re staying at Rosie’s flat for the weekend so she can get some sleep.
Lestrade spoke more often, sitting beside Molly for tea, and there was something there, nascent and tentative, but deepening as the days grew shorter and their slow walks around the garden grew longer.
Sherlock stared at him, studying him with a frown, then unfolded the shawl and arranged it around his head and shoulders. Then, in the space of a breath, he changed.
“Orders.”
“We’ve made virtually no progress on the – on Project Bluebird – since the attack that injured Mr. Holmes.” Captain Anderson spoke in one of those superior tones that raised John’s hackles. “The rest of the team will be redirected to other critical projects, and Bluebird comes back to roost here with The Magpie.”
“Quite a bit, actually.” Sherlock waited while John made a hasty and less-than-strategic move, then folded his hands, appearing as if he was studying the board.
“We’ve hardly done ten,” said John, returning to his crossword and lamenting Sherlock’s increasingly short attention span.
“Are you asking me to do this or ordering me?” John asked. He set his teacup on its saucer on the table and squared his shoulders, drawing himself up to what amounted to seated attention.
“Could we start with something a bit less personal?” John asked. “Perhaps work ourselves up to the kind of sharing people do when they know each other very well?”
“And miss a perfectly good balloon ride?” Sherlock steepled his hands and rested his chin on his fingertips. “Number five – We’ll pack them into a fireworks rocket and sneak you into the display at the next Coronation. You’d explode over Buckingham Palace and rain down on all the royals and ruin their fascinators.”
“We’re going to have to do something about those other patients,” Sherlock said by way of greeting. He spoke more slowly than was normal, and more softly. “You’ve read my chart - you can’t possibly address all my needs and give them adequate care as well.”
“Alright,” she demanded. “Who thought it important to tell me an oddball who doesn’t use technology or leave footprints is living in Mrs. Hudson’s flat but
need – rather desperately – is here?”
“I thought you were banned from the drivers’ compartments for life,” Rosie commented innocently. The plane started to roll forward and she sighed. “Finally!”
Terrified of making noise instead of music.
is she gone?”
He said it as a simple statement of fact. It was not an accusation. He was not trying to convince John of something that he didn’t already see.
“Hardly. You handily dispatched both Billy and Mrs. Hudson, and Mrs. Hudson is not easy to budge. You don’t hover, don’t offer ridiculous platitudes, and your advice to sleep is sound, despite my refusal to follow it. You’ve managed to distance yourself from the majority of the staff, keep to yourself, and do not seek out my brother or appear to think of him as your benefactor or savior in bringing you to this admittedly comfortable position. And finally, you are tenacious. You do not believe that your arm and hand will recover enough to allow you to perform surgery, yet you have not missed a session in the music room and are already discovering new ways to circumvent physical obstacles.”
“Will you be staying?” John asked. “Here – at Rosethorne?”
“Problem, Dr. Watson?”
“I’m going to need the A&E,” John managed, wincing, when he finally got his breath back.
“Dr. Watson – in here, please.”
“He’s more than on to something, John. He’s
“I want to finish my lunch first,” small Mycroft insisted, “and then I’d like another round of Quidditch.”
Sherlock licked his lips.
He steeled himself for what was to come, resolving to strictly adhere to the script Sherlock had laid out.
But it was open now – just a sliver.
“Still – there’s certainly more evidence to implicate you than me, isn’t there?” he shot back. His head had bounced around between amused and irritated for too long now, and frankly, he was beginning to suspect that this was some sort of elaborate ruse with John Watson cast as the fool.
“Quiet.” Sherlock’s voice was a low rumble. He’d belly-crawled to a stop only a few feet from the elm. “Listen.”
– it was something important. For England.” She breathed their country’s name on a sigh, and there was pride in her voice now – the pride of a mother, John thought, wondering how long she’d been at Rosethorne, how long she’d known this Sherlock Holmes.
“Problem?” John frowned at the screen and backspaced to remove the random characters left by the phone’s impact on his keyboard. It wasn’t exactly unusual that Sherlock would throw his expensive mobile phone across the room, and he usually did aim for the sofa so that he could have the satisfaction of throwing it without the probability of damaging it beyond repair. But he seemed particularly vexed this time and didn’t move to recover his device quickly as was his custom in such snits.
He fell asleep that evening after a plain but hearty meal, and his restless dreams of dark halls and shadowed faces and whispers in the night were nearly as disturbing as his usual nightmares of struggling to keep his grip on a bloody scalpel as soldier after soldier bled out his life beneath John’s clumsy fingers.
And it wasn’t old, or forgotten, or a relic of long-forgotten days.
The other fathers, wearing matching midnight blue robes along with Lily Potter in her maid-of-honour jumping apparel followed Rosie out to the plane where Lee was lining up their parachutes on the grass beside the landing strip.
He isn’t sold, not even three hours later when they’re still at it in the sitting room, but wakes up too early on Saturday morning to jarring sirens in the street and decides that a trip to Sussex might be acceptable – just to take a look.  And it’s a good thing he’s come to that conclusion, because Sherlock has already made the arrangements to see some of the properties the next day, and some on Monday, before they return to London so John can cover his shift on Tuesdsay.
Sherlock looked suspiciously at Al. “I wasn’t told we’d be wearing robes.” He turned his head and looked even more suspiciously at John. “Was I, John?”
“That’s nice, Sherlock.” John looked out the window. “I think they’re having champagne over there.”
He fumbled with the old-fashioned locking mechanism on the doors, cursing his lack of dexterity, but managed to pull them back at last. They creaked as they opened, and a breeze, as refreshing as it was symbolic, washed in. Relieved to finally be outside where the wind from the moors swept everything clean, he stepped carefully down onto the veranda.
“Lovely. Open and wild. Better than the desert.”
John raised an eyebrow, tapped his spoon against the rim of his cup, then balanced it on the edge of the saucer.
A new patient appeared to replace the general, this time an RAF pilot of some note. He’d been severely injured several months before, and suffered burns on his legs that had forced the amputation of half of his toes. His care was more intensive than had been the general’s, but it didn’t seem like Miss Adler would be replaced, so with three patients instead of four, John’s work load was still no more than it had been and he had time for his piano therapy, and to continue his exploration of the grounds.
Rosie wrapped one arm around her new husband and the other around the closest father, who happened to be Sherlock. Sherlock wrapped his arm around John and said, “Leave it be. At least they’re not shooting each other.”
John enjoyed chess, despite the fact that Sherlock nearly always won when they played. But the game today was decidedly more interesting with the twist Sherlock had given it.
John jerked his head up.  He was quite certain Sherlock had never uttered those words before.
She laughed. “I imagine driving a lorry would be easier.”
It came to light on their third visit to the garden, when Sherlock dropped to the ground at the base of an elm tree that had seeded itself years ago and had been allowed to grow, unhindered, in the southwest corner of the garden.
And while that worried John a bit, he didn’t plan to have Sherlock outdoors when Lestrade and old Ben might be about. Ben didn’t live at Rosethorne, didn’t take meals with the staff, and Lestrade was always present for dinner, and surely didn’t take up his gardening duties again after the evening meal. It would be safe enough to be out of doors during and after supper hours, once they had made it through the house and out into the garden.
Had he not been such a believer in the order and disorder of the world, he’d have thought he was losing his mind. But there is an explanation, perhaps not one he’ll accept, or even understand, and as he goes about his consulting work with New Scotland Yard, and with the occasional private client, he churns through theories. An elaborate psychological experiment masterminded by his brother. A just-as-elaborate practical joke. A hallucinogenic effect of drugs he’s ingested unknowingly – see “elaborate psychological experiment.” From there he’s left with all the impossibilities – parallel universes, time travel, ghosts.
Deduced. Determined. Guessed. It didn’t matter. He
Sherlock spoke softly, but confidently, so utterly sure of himself that it made John’s heart ache. Was Sherlock really that naive? To believe they could have that kind of life -
He’d felt justified rage against the man who had ruined Mary’s life.
Three months and a week. Two weeks. Three.
“Footprints?”
“Afghanistan or Iraq?” Sherlock asks.
“And to resize it at least three times as she grew,” John added. “And you’re nowhere near ten yet, Sherlock. How about the bee costume – the one with the pollen sacs? I can’t begin to tell you all the things I’d find in those pouches when I washed that thing.”
“And?”
She leveled a steely stare at him, then whirled around and continued purposefully down the passage, stopping in front of the last door on the left.
“He looks more like a Muppet,” said Sherlock, gazing at his new grandson with interest. “A red one.”
“It’s not going well today,” he answered. He lifted his hand and flexed it, then used the index finger – the strongest – to press a key. The note was not flawless – it was longer and louder than he’d meant it to be. He sighed and moved to close the cover, but she stopped him, pushing it back and covering his right hand with her left as she slid onto the bench beside him.
“Do I? I didn’t think you noticed those things, Dr. Watson.”
There was a day – a clear, crisp Saturday morning just before sunrise, when he swayed on the pavement before St. Bart’s, three sheets to the wind, and Mary’s dying breath filled his sails, and Sherlock Holmes, dressed to the nines for a visit to Buckingham Palace, soared off the roof, ghostly white vestments lifting him to the heavens.
In one way, he supposed that was a good thing. It was unlikely that Sherlock suffered any major seizures during the time, or that his health was otherwise compromised. He could certainly have sent for John at any time, or come for him at night himself, in disguise. But with Mycroft remaining uncharacteristically close, he probably chose not to chance it.
without it. And even more – I don’t
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “We were married in the morgue at Bart’s, John. The place we first met. Practically a church, in my book.”
Chapter 8
“It doesn’t matter.”
“John - the only people who
“So when you study these – these transmissions, what you’re supposed to be doing is archiving the code itself. Figuring out why it works and what its strengths and weaknesses are. Right? Something like that?”
He’d put John in the lead position, so the next move was his.
to do with passion. What are you, John?”
Sherlock began to say something, but the headmistress simply spoke louder, ignoring him. “However, the long and the short of it is that he’s not my problem. Dr. Watson, as much as I appreciate all you do to make this situation workable,” – here she indicated Sherlock and his many gawking students – “I’ve seen enough of all of you this weekend. I am not your babysitter.” She waved her hands at the crowd of gawking students. “Disperse – all of you.”
“Right. I can do that.”
He put his newspaper down and used his cane to push himself to a standing position, then took three careful steps and lowered himself to the end of the sofa as Sherlock bent his knees to give him room.
He should be happy. Relieved. He knew quite a few field surgeons who’d have jumped at the chance to abandon their posts for a boring assignment like this one. He, however, would just as soon return to his former post.
Mycroft’s gaze hardened. “It is impossible to complete the training here. You know the logistical impossibility. You’ll go to them – and you’ll work with them until you are no longer needed.”
He fumbled for the doorknob with his left hand, and succeeded in opening it, to find Greg Lestrade, holding a notebook and a pencil.
Sherlock’s attack just as they’d emerged from the hidden, private,
Sherlock made no movement other than to turn his head slightly and study John from beneath long lashes. It was the first time John really noticed his very extraordinary eyes. They stared at each other, and it was Sherlock who broke the gaze first, letting out a deep, dissatisfied sigh.
“Forget it – forget I asked,” he murmurs. “I know it’s complicated. I don’t even know why I brought it up.”
“Tell me about practicing medicine in the desert, John. Tell me what it feels like – the sand, the grit – in your eyes, on your skin, in the wounds – when you’re trying to operate. What a bullet feels like when it pierces flesh and bone. What your mind does when you’re losing too much blood and your vision is fading. And then, when you’ve told me all you know about that, tell me about the piano. Why you learned to play. And more importantly, why you stopped.”
As he’d expected, John found himself back in Sherlock’s room the very evening Mycroft Holmes departed for London.
“Top ten visits to the A&E? What kind of memory are you hoping to relive? Me getting stitches in my arse?”
They stared at each other a moment, then John’s mouth quirked into a smile he couldn’t suppress, and Molly grinned.
Sherlock gave the setter a pig’s tail, and John smiled and let it be.
“And?”
He walked outside on the tenth of March after a week nursing a lingering cold, on a day with blue-grey skies and a brisk wind from the west. Into the garden, past the old swing Lestrade had rehung for Molly at Christmas. Through the second gate, to a view of the slumbering maze and a riot of gentle colour – blue and white, purple and yellow – in the beds around it.
The problem of Sherlock, and of Lestrade, and why his stomach ached for what Sherlock went through, and why he envied Lestrade for pulling him out of the gutter.
John, who’d been doing the crossword, put down his pencil. “Hmm – agreed. Definitely one of the top ten. Though your Belstaff….”
“Are you saying there is no hope?” he asked at last.
“Exactly.” Sherlock sounded a tiny bit suspicious, as if the win had come far too easily. “And as I’m not about to attend the event without my entire family, they’ll have to find someone else to fawn over.”
His doubt must have shown in his eyes, because Sherlock quickly looked away, but not before John saw something that looked like amusement in the odd-coloured eyes.
“Well, that wasn’t my doing. I didn’t drug the staff and the other patients so they’d sleep soundly.”
“That will be all, Billy. I’ll be looking after Sherlock for the next few hours.”
Something inside John surged outward, but the disciplined soldier won control of his tongue before the reckless mere human could either acknowledge or contradict the statement.
Mycroft began marching back and forth at the end of the bed, in lecture mode. “You said we were going to visit the Weasley family today, at their home in Ottery St. Catchpole.” He stopped, staring at John, eyes accusatory. When John didn’t immediately respond, he straightened his small back and lifted his chin. “You said they have a practice Quidditch pitch and
“You’re a menace.” John looked around at the cluttered but comfortable room, then back at Sherlock. Despite the man’s obvious good mood, he looked a bit off. John couldn’t quite put his finger on what it was – he remembered the man being exceedingly pale, though he reminded himself he’d never seen him in daylight. Far too thin as well – he had enough physical evidence of that from the previous week when he’d been tackled in his bedroom – though not weak, at least not when fueled by a fight.
And Sherlock definitely had more energy.
Not his area. Right.
He was relatively sure that the last time he checked, Sherlock did not have a flaming baton.
“And the earth reclaims our tired dusty bones,” finished Al.
He’d stopped by the gate, and was leaning against it, studying the swing, and the faint, worn paths that led to other gardens beyond this first, puzzling out a childhood for the Holmes brothers that was as unlike his own as humanly conceivable, when he heard footsteps approaching behind him.
Sherlock waved a hand toward the bed and put a finger to his lips. John saw him only in reflection, standing before the mirror. He half-expected to see Irene Adler in the bed, but instead found another man sleeping there, stretched out with one arm flung over his eyes.
John’s reached for his hand.
“They’ll just wiz-flick us all together. No worries,” said Sherlock. He held up his mobile. “Smile, John.”
“Disguise,” Sherlock responded, standing and wiping at his lip, which John now saw was bleeding. “Do keep up, John. I’m supposed to be dead. I can’t be ambling about the house at night.”
John picked up the cuffs. “On your back, soldier.”
“That cage is covered, Sherlock. You can’t just go snooping around in his flat – it’s not – Sherlock!”
“Mr. Holmes called me in before he left this morning,” Molly told John as she led the way down a passageway on the west wing. She’d interrupted his after-lunch walk, intercepting him as he’d veered off the garden path beside the manicured hedges, and crisply informed him that he was needed inside. He’d assumed there was a medical emergency of some sort, and had followed her without question, but she’d skirted the infirmary and headed instead for the other wing of the manor. He kept pace behind her her, frowning, watching her back as she walked with determined purpose, and stepped back in surprise as she suddenly whirled around to face him.
“Can we talk about his powers?” Sherlock said as Hamish screeched and reached for the dummy on the vanity.
They didn’t speak of it again.
“A man with a medical degree should be able to count better,” Sherlock said. “That was another question. That sure you’re going to win?”
ooOOOoo
“Alright – why was it so miraculous then that Hammie found his dummy?”
He wasn’t, of course. Or he was - but he was equally engaged with culling through the John Watson file in the ruins of his Mind Palace.
ooOOOoo
Intrigued. Curious. Delighted.
Molly dropped back down into her desk chair with a sigh of resignation.
have scaled it had he two good hands, but hefting himself up to the top with one would be difficult even with two good legs supporting him.
“I don’t need an alibi,” John exclaimed. “I haven’t done anything wrong.”
to be a grown-up?” moaned Mycroft. “Grown-ups are boring.”
“I can practically hear you thinking,” Sherlock murmured. “Plotting.”
as the Snitch passed close by, followed by the blur of a young girl on a very fast broom.
John backs out through the door, and Sherlock follows, crossing the threshold into a neat-as-a-pin flat, oddly appointed with a skull on the mantel and anatomy notes pinned to a wall. There’s a quirky sort of Victorian wallpaper behind the sofa, and a walking stick against the door.
“A week isn’t all that long,” John said cautiously. “But it does look like he’s on to something – if they’re the best we have….”
He was pulled from his musings by a knock on his door, and he jumped up to answer it. Knocks after bedtime were seldom social visits, and usually meant an emergency with one of his patients.
Sherlock frowned.
“Sherlock! Stop. I have a proposition.”
“Well, if he gets mixed up with other babies in the nursery we’ll call you in,” John says lightly. He won’t go there. He refuses to go to those dark corners Sherlock’s mind is edging.
Love came to Sherlock like a slowly waxing moon, illuminating his world until he was bathed in a most surprising light. Exposed and naked, he hides in the shadows and waits.
Sherlock stood in the kitchen doorway, his hair in disarray, still wearing his dressing gown. “I’ll never be ready in time.”
“What was your mother like?”
He shouldn’t complain – should count his lucky stars instead. In the weeks of Mycroft’s absence, Sherlock had thrived. Once he’d discarded for good the idea of reconstructing his damaged Mind Palace and salvaging the information he’d archived there, he had instead begun to look at the problem afresh, and build a solution using the more organic construct of his new organisational system. He’d not only made incredible progress, but was sleeping much better and suffering fewer seizures.
Someone - someone who knew what Sherlock would respond to. Someone, perhaps, with an agenda of his own.
“Let’s just say I provided a distraction while he went in for his brother. Alcohol is such a useful thing.”
It made him sick to his stomach, and he bypassed the sitting room with the sofa, warm with Sherlock’s body, and exited into the corridor instead, and fell against the wall for the second time that night, bent over, hands on his knees and eyes closed as he tried to calm himself, tried to keep an open mind despite the hard evidence before him. His bad leg trembled and he started to slide down the wall to the floor.
Sherlock didn’t dislike him – Rosie had brought home far worse, mostly to see how long they’d last with Sherlock. But he didn’t trust him either. He was too perfect. Too
“I know,” Sherlock murmured.
“Lestrade – there’s something more you need to know.”
“Your brother will see right through this,” John said.
He glances at the tree as he carries his wine glass to the kitchen. Three presents left for Rosie to open when Sherlock is home, a gift from Rosie to Sherlock, a stack for Sherlock from Molly and Greg and Mrs. Hudson, and a final gift, in plain green paper, to Sherlock from him.
“And who says we’re having children anyway?” Rose declared.
He spoke as if reading from the pages of a fairy tale, and John imagined him, a small boy, sitting stiffly beside his elderly aunt, listening to this story.
In the early days, when he’d first arrived, before he’d willingly thrown himself into the vortex that was Sherlock Holmes, he’d been happy to be here. Pleased to be useful again. Curious about the manor house, and its gardens, and the odd collection of misfits who populated it. He had his garden walks, and had discovered the old piano in the beautiful music room, and had won Molly’s friendship. The war, which had left him half crippled, was a far-away thing from this Yorkshire estate. It was no longer personal, except for the lingering knowledge of what it had cost him, and the residual anger from those losses had faded as Sherlock began to fill his broken places.
“One more time – and speak up.”
“Both eyes,” Sherlock said almost at the same time as the instructor riding with them announced “Two minutes!”
“A very bad pilot who very much wanted us dead,” John added. “Still, you managed to get the balloon down after I buggered you rather senseless.”
He paused, lips pursed, and shook his head.
“Not home then?” John persisted. What the hell was Sherlock playing at?
John bit his lip as he considered a reply, keeping a lid on the vitriol that threatened to spill forth. “And that traditional physician-turned-field-doctor could not have begun to set that arm without Sherlock’s assistance. You probably recall it was Sherlock who set those sutures as well. You only keep half a physician here, Mycroft. You’re not only fortunate Sherlock was here to help, but that he was willing, and that he has the confidence to take on a task outside his realm of experience.”
“Oh!” Hermione had caught on and her eyes danced with the possibilities.
sleeping with Scorpius Malfoy.”
Rosie Watson won’t remember her mother, and John will bury her memory with the Afghan sun, the rooftop of St. Barts, the bony bottom of a flooded well. But Sherlock Holmes will not forget her – not what she took away from him, nor what she gave him in the end. Her daughter has her smile, her chin, and carries her name. But she has John’s eyes, and she dances in excitement when Lestrade calls with a case, and will develop a penchant for warm jumpers and high drama.
“Nothing except no bee stings and more time to spend with me,” John said idly. His eyes were still on the puzzle and he wasn’t looking at Sherlock.
When John came in at last, having borrowed a few extra minutes to change clothes and shave, Molly and Greg were still in the room with Sherlock, and Mrs. Hudson had joined their number. Sherlock was propped up on a stack of pillows, groggy still, and clearly suffering their presence more than enjoying it.
Not only did he not understand
“Colonel Chambers, Major Sholto, Captain Anderson.” Mycroft indicated each in turn, then turned his attention back to John. “And I don’t need to introduce my brother.”
“Consulting detective. “Any good?
?” asked Sherlock.
Five head turned toward Sherlock.
His eyes had skipped over Sherlock to focus on Rosie.
“Is there an emergency?” John asked, standing and excusing himself with a promise to return to finish the game. Privately, he thought that it didn’t take much to get Annie to cry, but he kept that thought to himself.
“With my condition.” Holmes made the word sound derisive. “No. You most certainly are not the first. But sleep is impossible – no, exceedingly difficult. And please – John – Mr. Holmes is currently ensconced in a bunker somewhere beneath Parliament winning the war for England.  Do call me Sherlock.”
The matter resolved itself as he got nearer. Boards were nailed to the trunk to form a ladder leading up into the canopy, but the boards were so old, or had been nailed there so long ago, that they had nearly been consumed by the tree as it grew and now seemed almost organic - part of the tree itself more than something built onto or out from it.
“Lestrade?” John frowned, then pushed up one of Sherlock’s eyelids, examining his pupil again.
“I realise it is important, but I am in no position to guarantee success.”
“Hmmm.” John watched a butterfly flit over the hedges. Beside him, Sherlock shifted uncomfortably, then sighed.
“Sherlock,” warned John.
“Sherlock – please. Miss Adler?”
John scoffed. “So don’t go.  Tell him no. I don’t see what the problem is.”
“This? This is what took you a week to
He got to his feet then, pulling John up with him, and one would never have known from the gleam in his eyes that he’d had virtually no sleep at all, or that his carefully-guarded and sensibly-structured world was about to be re-ordered around something as tenuous as colour, as shaky as sentiment, as mundane as music.
“Beauxbatons doesn’t count house points. Beauxbatons has a system based on individual merit.”
“A ladder?” John glanced upward again, then back at Sherlock.
“The loo,” Sherlock answers. His grip on the doorknob tightens. “In my brother’s office building. On Whitehall.”
Sherlock stood suddenly. “The cottage beckons, John. Let’s not consider it hiding if we’re engaged in activities that most keep behind closed doors.”
He was wearing the grey suit now, and despite his initial misgivings about the apparent formality of his new environment, he’d hardly noticed the lack of his familiar uniform, nor did he miss it. If he were completely honest with himself, he felt less of a farce these days in civilian clothes.
“That doesn’t help, Sherlock.”
“One week to document, and a second week to train your first student – me.”
Sherlock stuck his hand through large slits near the waist of his robes.
John’s heart jerked out of rhythm. He had trouble sucking in a breath of air. His chest was suddenly too tight. This was ridiculous - all of it. Ridiculous. Mary had been sick. Mary had died. There was nothing to hide. The sorrow had long since passed, and most of the anger. The discipline and the routine of the army, the enormity of what he’d dealt with since Mary, had helped isolate her into a quiet corner of his past.
Lestrade’s garden -
“Wiggins, I believe,” he said, almost dismissively, after a pause which John thought could not be insignificant. “Is he disrupting your therapy? I gave instructions that your needs are to take priority and that you are not to be disturbed while you are playing.”
“The variables?” asked John. They’d scooted up against the wall, and adjusted their clothing, but he was utterly spent, and let his head rest on Sherlock’s shoulder.
Oddly, it gave him hope.
When he couldn’t dig out any more details of the mysterious Sev, Sherlock began interrogating John on the cause of the tumble.
“Mycroft’s bed, Molly’s bed, under an empty table at Molly’s wedding, the roof of 221B, Mrs. Hudson’s coat cupboard, the alley behind Angelo’s, in that tunnel connecting that old manor house with the caretaker’s cottage and on the beach during the eclipse.  There, ten.”
He sprints back and stares into the familiar disorder of his sitting room at 221B Baker Street. John is staring at the human skull on the mantel and Sherlock smiles in delight as he steps around John and his foot crosses the threshold.
They moved in for a kiss, keeping their hands clasped and outstretched above their heads. Everyone cheered and raised their joined hands as colorful sparks erupted in the air above their heads.
“Sherlock’s health?” John glanced around the table, frowning, understanding that whatever it was Sherlock was involved in before his accident had enough importance to attract three officers to Rosethorne.
He’s aware that things may be a bit out of order for him, that sexual desire is what brings many together, that love is something that takes time to grow, that must be nurtured.
Until the threat of losing him was real and touching him awoke a sleeping dragon.
John thought that Sherlock Holmes would much prefer to be interrogated, and had it not been nearly four o’clock in the morning, he might have considered that option. However, he didn’t have the energy to corral all of the disparate threads Sherlock was likely to give him into a cohesive story.
“Don’t remind me,” groused Sherlock. “New one, then?”
“And where is the piano now, John? What happened to your grandmother’s piano?”
“Well, it’s better than Hambone.”
But he’s good with that. He’s absolutely fine.
“There’s a door in the wall,” he said. “And a very convenient garden shed to dismantle just a few yards away. Lestrade can help up - we can haul the wood through the door and save ourselves a -.”
, he thought.
The work itself wasn’t too difficult, even right-handed. He found towels to layer under Holmes’ foot, then lanced the infected wound, drained it, and cleaned it thoroughly, not apologising for the pain the process caused, nor for his awkward fumbling. Holmes had asked for it, hadn’t he? He knew perfectly well that John’s fine motor skills were still severely compromised.
He turned, adding before he walked briskly away, “I don’t hold the key to this gate, Dr. Watson. You’ll want to find the keeper of the keys, I expect, though you may not find your answer even there.”
John’s head snapped from Sholto to Sherlock to Mycroft.
“Your conditions, Dr. Watson?” Mycroft stared at John, hands folded before him, belying the impatience he surely felt.
John had stopped in his tracks, hand on the doorknob, and he turned slowly around to face Mycroft.
Then one day, while he’s fiddling with his violin, plucking strings that need to be changed and wishing John was here to tell him to play something quiet, the door to the kitchen swings open. He looks up in idle curiosity, and John Watson is standing at the door. He’s the John from another day, and he stands there in the doorway until Sherlock finds his voice.
amused. He just didn’t need Sherlock to know that.
He detoured to the shops for milk, if only to give John one small thing to be pleased about when he got in from the clinic, and turned in the direction of 221B, bracing himself against the wind that now blew directly in his face.
“She was twenty years younger than Grandfather, a girl of sixteen when he fell in love with her at a friend’s wedding where she was a bridesmaid, a cousin of the friend’s new wife. That they married and he took her to live at his country estate, and locked her away there in a labyrinth of cold and opulent rooms, where her only joy was a special garden. Like his bride, grandfather loved the outdoors, and granted her every wish when it came to the garden. He had a maze built for her, and a lily pond,  and a swing hung from the limb of an oak tree that hung over the pond.  She loved roses, and he had a fabulous rose garden planted there for her, with roses of every colour and variety. But those roses, as much as she loved them, were her undoing.”
Irene Adler told her story without embarrassment, though John and Molly blushed like virgins. The general had come to her room at four o’clock in the morning, had knelt beside the bed and had proceeded to tell her that he’d been a very bad boy indeed, and needed a paddling. Cognizant of his condition, she decided to mete out his punishment in a way that might benefit both of them.
That – and – if he were completely honest with himself, the gnawing question of the relationship between Sherlock and Lestrade. He couldn’t stop thinking about the way they had interacted – how Sherlock had spoken to him, deferred to him when he had uttered that one word that puzzled John above all others.
The assembled Muggles murmured their agreement, and John looked desperately at the Weasleys and Potters.
“He seems content here,” John mused. “Perhaps he just needs time to recover – to find his voice again.”
“It’s his third one tonight,” Billy volunteered as John quickly checked the man’s shaking head and found, as he thought he might, a raised knot, but fortunately no blood. “Not so bad as the first two,” Billy continued. “Those lasted a long time – ‘s what made us so scared.” He exchanged a worried look with Mrs. Hudson. “The boss said to fetch you right away if the fits lasted more than five minutes or if they kept coming on.”
? How….?”
Sherlock turned his head slowly and stared at John. John stared back with a gentle smile. They didn’t talk about this – about John’s diagnosis. About how much time he might have left. They didn’t dwell on it, didn’t change their lives in any appreciable way other than to spend even more time with each other, if that was even possible. They didn’t talk about final resting places, or what one would do without the other. By mutual, unvoiced consent, they continued forward, one day – one lifetime – at a time.
“Why are you doing that?” John asks, because with Sherlock, there’s always a reason.
“Yorkshire has a certain appeal,” he said, trying to sound positive. “The moors are – ”
was standing in the doorway, staring at Sherlock Holmes.
And still John waited – he could play the fool, take the words at face value. Interpret them however he’d like – however it suited him best. He could deny that Mycroft saw anything at all, or make up a creative excuse to explain Sherlock spooning up against him, to write off the kiss he’d dropped on Sherlock’s temple as a reflex action as he stumbled, half-asleep, from bed.
And yet…
“But you can work,” insisted Sholto. “You have traditional means.” He looked at Sherlock earnestly, and John wondered, not for the first time, just what Sherlock was decoding. “We realise it will be more slowly than before, but progress is progress.”
“He’s being Sherlock,” Mycroft announced decisively.
“Mrs. Hudson serves as a matron with the patients. She isn’t formally trained, but is well-liked and quite able to see to their needs and to interpret medical orders. She will tell you she is not their nurse – don’t believe her.” There was a trace of humour in that last statement, but it was gone as quickly as it appeared.
“Want to see some more?”
A smile pulled at the corner of John’s mouth.
And it didn’t occur to him until he had put the lock on the outside gate back in place that Lestrade hadn’t been silent after all.
“Oh, the usual. I might have mentioned to him that the door would open if he used the silver key instead of the brass, and that he’d actually locked the deadbolt instead of unlocking it.”
They made their way through the tunnel, torchlight illuminating the walls and floor before them, walking, perhaps, closer together than they had before, but carrying on as they had before Sherlock had dropped to his knees and sucked John’s brain out through his prick. In any other situation, with any other person, he would have been reveling in the afterglow. Lounging in bed with his arm around his lover, snuggling under the quilt in the chill of the morning.
When dinner is done, and Rosie is tucked in bed with her beloved bee, John settles in his chair, feet on the ottoman in the warm oatmeal-coloured socks with blue heels and green toes Molly gifted him, and is surprised when Sherlock drapes the scarf around his neck from behind, then wraps it until even the ends are tucked up against his chin.
“Which of these things, if you had it back again, would make you happier? To be a surgeon or to play the piano?” He was holding the pawn in his hand, and he placed it carefully on the table, then looked at John with a small smile. “And why?”
John doesn’t protest and doesn’t ask why. He sits there, warmed inside and out, as Sherlock moves to the window, violin in hand. And if he recognizes the Moonlight Sonata, he doesn’t comment. He simply lets the music dance him gently to the end of this very good day.
Absorbed as he was in the experience, he became aware only gradually of a scratchy sound in his ears.
“Silence!”
No, John said. No it wasn’t. It was
“No worse than a pirate,” John replied. “And I imagine the meals are more regular. And less chance of losing limbs.”
John allowed himself a glance at Sherlock, but Sherlock was staring at his lap again, and didn’t bother to acknowledge the introductions. John frowned, and returned his focus to Mycroft.
And something so insignificant, so personal, couldn’t possibly be in his military file.
But Sherlock had found peace elsewhere – in John’s arms in the quiet darkness or beside him at the piano, on a rickety bench with the violin pressed against his cheek and the breeze in his hair, prone on the ground in a bed of wildflowers cataloguing the movement of honeybees.
John swallowed. His left hand, once weak and useless, fisted nearly as tight as his right. He sucked in a breath then let it out very slowly.
They’d used the first of the boards from the shed to rebuild the ladder leading to the treehouse platform, and Sherlock had discovered the little spyglass then. It was still mounted, a perfectly sound and functional nautical telescope of the sort you night find on a pirate ship, or so Sherlock had proclaimed – he seemed to have much more knowledge of all things pirate-related than did John, and John had no solid way of disproving him.
Mrs. Hudson proceeded directly over to yet another door. This one, like the one before it at the bottom of the stairway, looked far more modern than the doors in the upstairs rooms, suggesting that the area had been built out much more recently. But instead of unlocking this door with the second key on her keyring, she knocked on it.
It was the kind of statement that should have been possible only with rehearsal, but from Sherlock, somehow, it sounded ad lib.
“I could hardly do anything about that, John. I’m stuck.” He tried to look around but couldn’t see outside the small bit of ground below him. “Are you alone?”
For something to temper the memories of all the ones he couldn’t save. His mother, his grandmother, his wife.
Sherlock loves, but doesn’t do it properly. Love pounds at the inside of his heart, the edges of his brain. It doesn’t seep through his skin and soften his edges. It doesn’t peek out his eyes and reveal his secrets. Sherlock’s love is a caged bird who’s lost her voice, a widow sorting through her box of memories in a quiet house, an empty room.
Wiggins hesitated, but John nudged him again. The patient’s breathing was beginning to regulate. A now-relaxed hand twitched.
What he wanted - or
Sherlock blinked. He cocked his head, wincing as the bump rubbed against the mattress, and studied John with a frown.
And Sherlock found his voice. “Yes. More,” he managed in a raspy croak.
John was pleasantly tipsy, but not too far gone to let that one slide by.
John chuckled. “Amazing. I should ask how you know all these things, but I have an idea that you have eyes all over this estate.”
Sherlock made a sound of clear frustration. “I’m always in danger of hurting myself.”
He drifts off to sleep, but wakes to Sherlock unwrapping the scarf, removing it from John’s neck to drape it over his own shoulders. He hears Sherlock breathe in his scent through the scarf, and tips his head back to look up at him with a tired smile.
That’s how he’d started to think of it, anyway. He wasn’t at all convinced he’d be successful with such a subject as Sherlock Holmes, but he was nothing if not determined and resilient. He had developed thick skin over the years from dealing with patients, sick people, hurting, who would lash out through their pain. He’d learned not to take it personally, and that had served him well during the short years of his marriage. He could stoically enforce a regimen that was difficult and sometimes painful knowing that the end result would be more strength, more endurance, and faster recovery after an attack.
They had to get through an entire day with their friends and family mingling with the Potters and Weasleys. And while they were up in the plane, Mycroft and Harry and Mrs. Hudson and her niece and Molly and Greg and the others would be waiting on the ground.
Naming the feeling, the disquiet, the unease, was half the battle, wasn’t it?
Jesus – he needed a diversion other than Sherlock Holmes. The man was beginning to
Mycroft, oddly, didn’t respond. John whipped his head around, instantly suspicious. He found Mycroft staring, quite unabashedly, at his still-uncovered midsection and quickly stepped into his boxers.
For as much as the thought of Sherlock blossoming, unleashed behind the locked gate, appealed to him, the knowledge that Greg Lestrade would be his savior – once again – disquieted him.
“First years aren’t allowed,” commented Severus, who was sitting beside John. “Not since Harry Potter, anyway," he added, somewhat acidly.
touching. His voice was the only sound, the only sensation in the absolute blackness. “Tell me I’m not wrong.”
In time, John dropped off into sleep himself, and didn’t awaken until someone shook his shoulder as the first rays of morning sunlight slanted across his face.
“You’re not – ohhhh – drunk.”
When John Watson, already weary of child Mycroft, made the snap decision to prove he was not a Muggle once and for all by Apparating them both to the gates of Hogwarts, he never once considered that the child had never before experienced Apparition.
John sighed. “You’re on to us now. We had a regular giggle session this morning while we mounted shoes on the end of a broomstick to make those footprints. Then after, we painted each other’s nails and shared secrets about our boyfriends.”
He let go of Sherlock’s jacket as Sherlock leaned into him even harder, and lifted his other hand to frame Sherlock’s face as he kissed him in the dark.
“No – don’t.”
, that what Sherlock actually needed was less mental stimulation. A great deal less.
“Well, I – ”
Hadn’t, in fact, regretted it in the least. He’d had too much on his mind.
“Hated that one in particular, did you?” John asks. He’s not worn his old jumpers for some time – since Mary pretended to chuck them, complaining about a wool allergy he’d always questioned.  “And no – Molly did the honours. I just provided the material. I managed to squirrel a few of them away when Mary threatened to burn them. She hated them – pretended to be allergic to wool.”
“It’s nearly one o’clock,” he said. “I should let you sleep.”
He looks around the familiar flat that’s been his home for twenty years. He considers the seventeen stairs that lead down to the flat where Mrs. Hudson lived. He can hear her steps on the stairs, her call at the door. He can almost see her in the shadowy stillness of early morning, shoulder against the wood to press open the door, balancing a tea tray, as at home in 221B as John or Sherlock.
“You’re back,” he said, noting her dyed-red hair under the nurse’s cap, drawn back tight from her face. He supposed he might not have recognized her had she not spoken, or had she not been in the same position as the first time he’d encountered her with Sherlock – namely, in his bed.
John remembered what Sherlock had revealed to him in the letter Lestrade had brought to him that night, and he knew that Sherlock, at least, understood John’s demons, though they never spoke of them. They stayed there - just past the edge of propriety - John’s anger. His seething need for revenge.
John’s laughter turned into a cough, and it took a moment to catch his breath again. “While all of your ideas are brilliant, why don’t we skip to ten?” John suggested as his hand continued to card slowly through Sherlock’s hair. “You pick somewhere for me – somewhere you and Rosie and William enjoy visiting. No monuments please, and no one else -just the three of you. I don’t care where – you can put me in the round pound in Kensington Gardens if you’d like – as long as you join me there eventually.”
Sherlock grinned and complied, and for another blissful hour, they forgot the world was at war.
Useless. Fucking useless.
John considered that statement, and all it could mean. He didn’t want to chase that rabbit too far right now, with more immediate concerns at hand.
Sherlock shakes his head. “I didn’t mean for you to do anything special with them,” he says. “The shop caught my eye, and I saw the sun hanging in the window and went in to have a closer look.”
He worked the bed around the maze in pieces, as Greg prepared it circling clockwise, arranging whatever Greg left for him be it bulbs or seeds or transplanted vines or clumps of roots salvaged from another part of the manor.
Why wouldn’t there be a secret tunnel in a world of secret gardens and undercover operations, of mute men talking and dead men walking?
“What exactly has Hamish done except steal Sophie’s dummy?”
He froze, keys in hand.
Miraculously, and without Sherlock, he manages to successfully hail a cab the first try. Unfortunately, the cabbie suffers a massive stroke as they speed down a busy street. And while John hits his head and passes out almost immediately, the concussion he suffers is a side note as his leg takes most of the damage.
“I chose you, John Watson,” Sherlock reminded him. An odd look - fond, perhaps - stole across his face then disappeared. “I would not do so without careful consideration of your character, as your character largely determines your future behavior.”
John kept his eyes on Lestrade as Sherlock continued to speak, cataloguing the man’s past months as if pulling facts from a newspaper. And this was the man whose mind palace was
And again.
John stood staring a long moment, trying to digest the words. Mycroft’s voice had gone from bitter to warm, from commanding to something almost tender. It was the morphine – or the pain – or both together, and John knew he was seeing what few saw from this man. Glimpses of the human being inside the rigid exterior. A humanity suppressed, encaged beneath thick skin, and duty to family, and country, and whatever supreme deity the Holmes family worshipped.
He followed on Mrs. Hudson’s heels as she hurried through the corridors, muttering as she went about excessive drama and the staff having to walk on eggshells when
“How long do we have to keep up this pretense?” he asked, as John began to push him back toward the house.
He turned the phrase over in his mind, finding it lacking on so many levels. He wasn’t a
“I’m not exactly sorry,” Sherlock admitted. “The cashmere is much nicer.”
The woman, apparently finished with her scrutiny of John’s person, pushed the door closed behind him.
The situation resolved itself when Mycroft declared he had to pee. John suspected that the image of Mycroft holding himself and hopping up and down would stay with him until he took his dying breath, and might even be enough to conjure his Patronus.
Sherlock turned to him with a wide smile. “I knew there was a tunnel,” he conceded without apology. “Father told us - he challenged us to find it that summer we spent here. But - Grandfather wouldn’t tell us where it was - he claimed he’d had it filled in as it wasn’t safe. So naturally, we started digging to find it.”
Mrs. Hudson had heard him when he came through, and followed him up the stairs with Rosie on one arm and a strand of coloured lights on the other, and really, that should have been enough. Rosie, who’d never remember this Christmas and who would have been perfectly content to tear up handfuls of wrapping paper and open empty boxes, seemed delighted enough with the lights, whether draped on the tree or strung across the floor. And Sherlock wasn’t even here to weigh in on it at all – he’d flown off with Mycroft to Austria four days ago when their father had ended up in hospital while on holiday with Mrs. Holmes.
The frequency of their appearance is irregular and totally unpredictable. He’s charted the dates and times and locations, what he’d had to eat – or drink – that day. The phase of the moon. The barometric pressure. His temperature and blood pressure. Astronomical occurrences. How much sleep he’d had the night before – if indeed, he’d slept at all. Air quality. Pollen count. Gender of the visitor. Age. Clothing. Reaction. Number of seconds the door remained open. Nothing correlates.
And while this scenario was highly improbable given that Severus always wore boots and Sherlock never miscalculated, and that the mere thought of bending while trussed up with a pack on your back and leather straps between your legs was off-putting, Severus was wearing trainers for the jump and the plane was very bumpy and under all these circumstances, one shoelace looked a great deal like another.
“MUMMY!!”
“Pond water,” John said. “And now you see why you should never drink it.”
And while not rushing seems like a good idea, arriving home two hours later does not. Especially because the second case – the one Lestrade takes up while driving Sherlock back to Baker Street – is a classic (and utterly predictable) locked room murder masquerading as a suicide.
“I wondered how long it would take,” Molly said.
“Your chair,” he said, tossing a pillow made from the Union Jack toward John. John deflected the pillow with this left forearm, and it bounced onto the floor. Sherlock kicked it aside. “Sit,” he directed.
“Come
John would have thought that Sherlock would be awed every time he dredged up one of these new words, but oddly, he seemed annoyed instead. The secret to cracking the problem of a Mind Palace which refused to give up anything magical that went in was to store the new words with normal day-to-day British terms and not segregate them in a room with “Magic” on the door, as Sherlock’s brain simply bypassed the impossible. So Quidditch had to be cross-referenced in “Sports” but it was only after consideration of the role of brooms in the game that the name became accessible.
“Not so horrible,” John answered. “Long. He wasn’t predisposed to believe me. Did he really find her?”
John rubbed at his eyes. “You don’t plan on letting me get back to sleep, do you?”
“Depends, I suppose,” John answered. “Are you representing Sherlock as his brother or as his supervisor?”
“Or when they need their hair arranged just so,” John added. “Or don’t know how many buttons of their suit coat to do up.”
“His medical file. Please.” Billy was still hovering close, unused, John thought, to doing anything more than holding down jerking limbs during an attack, and John touched him on the shoulder. “It’s passing. Go on – get me his file. And his medications.”
you.”
If he wasn’t being himself, he wanted very much to know what Sherlock Holmes was like with an intact memory palace.
When the chute reformed it looked like an enormous, very flamboyant pink flamingo.
“Sherlock Holmes.”
“He agreed to this?”
After her experience with Sherlock, the proprietress certainly expected trouble from John. John, however, submitted quietly as the magical measuring tape sized him up and made absolutely no special requests.
“Ow!” John swiped at the top of his head. “That hurt!”
“I know nothing of his talent, only that when he accepted the job here, he told me he plays the guitar, and asked if he could practice. I suggested that he use the music room, as the noise wouldn’t bother anyone there. He was also advised when you began to use the piano, and instructed to limit his use of the room to the evening hours.”
“She’s told you,” Sherlock responded. “I assume they weren’t able to break it, then?”
“Ah.” John turned on the bench, eyes narrowing as he considered Sherlock and his sulk. “My
“Danny Boy?” John laughed, a genuine sound which started low and rumbled in his chest. His right hand  curled above the keys almost without his leave, and he waited for Sherlock to count quietly -
Sherlock’s chuckle echoed through the stillness.
.” Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut and sighed. “To sort. Classify. Inventory. Reorder.
“Boring.”
But Mycroft, the very fit Mycroft, ignored him. He tossed a handful of Floo Powder in, stepped inside, and disappeared in a spinning plume of smoke.
Sherlock frowned. He studied John a long moment, then shrugged. “Oh - I don’t know. Something about working too long without a break because I can’t - won’t - follow simple instructions, and cracking my head on the corner of a desk when I inevitably have a seizure while I’m over-working myself.”
“There is one more thing,” Holmes began, almost as an afterthought. “Another resident here. You aren’t likely to cross paths – he’s an invalid and has his own caretaker. But if there is a true medical emergency, you may be called upon to assist.”
“From the roof of St. Paul’s Cathedral,” Sherlock began, voice catching as he spoke. “And Rosie and William will do the same for me when I join you.”
There are other curiosities he’s noted in his charts. There is always a gap of several seconds between his eyes acknowledging that the door has opened and a stranger is standing there and his brain sending a message to his mouth or his body to
“You went to the shops?” John asked, utterly amazed.
They were both more relaxed after that, and got through the other charts quickly – the general who’d suffered a rather severe coronary and who very much
“Stop struggling and
“They’re on their way!” called out a male voice that belonged to a body he couldn’t see. The body moved into the circle below him. Now it was Harry Potter looking up at him. “Hang on, Sherlock. Mrs. Hudson called the fire brigade.”
It doesn’t happen again for a long, long time. The years have been trying, but not unkind. Friends have passed on, and they’ve each battled cancer and won. John is getting forgetful, which worries Sherlock, and worries John as well, but they get by together in the snug cottage near the sea, and John reads detective stories – sometimes twice – and works crossword puzzles and warms his feet by the fire. Sherlock does the cooking now, and keeps his mind sharp with the cold case files from his friends at the Yard, and on sunny days takes John’s arm as they walk together in the garden.
Molly looked at John oddly. She studied him long enough to make him uncomfortable, then reached across the table and squeezed his hand. She spoke softly, and he thought she’d come to some realisation about him, or the situation, but he had no real desire to press her and bring more to the surface.
She was right. Absolutely right.
“Sherlock – we’re not out of milk and bread. I had groceries delivered yesterday.”
commanding officer.”
“Look, so what if we can’t figure him out? He’s not a criminal. He’s done nothing wrong. He was thoroughly vetted by the agency leasing the flat.”
standing there, looking a bit panicked. He held a pair of hedge trimmers in one hand and a ring of keys in the other.
John gave another one of those painful, broken laughs.
“That was your left hand, Dr. Watson,” she said.
Sherlock stood suddenly, and John’s injured arm, which had been wedged behind Sherlock, fingers in his back pocket, fell awkwardly to his side.
people don’t come to Rosethorne. I’d wager there’s quite a bit about Irene Adler we don’t know, and a reason for everything she does. A reason she was here at Rosethorne convalescing.”
“Do I?” said John. “That’s odd.”
Other circumstances, as in a world that wasn’t at war, or inside an ordinary man’s life, a man who hadn’t been working on a top-secret project, who wasn’t hidden away, purported to be dead, given the charge of single-handedly changing the direction of this war.
“I’m going with you under protest,” Sherlock stated emphatically.
“Do you?” quipped John.
His hesitation must have shown.
He moved his left thumb, trying to stretch it away from the finger beside it, then awkwardly lifted his hand and pressed another key.
It made no sense.
Orders indeed. Medical orders passed down by his superior – they apparently weren’t giving up on him as a surgeon yet. He returned the document to the envelope and handed it back to Holmes, acknowledging his understanding with a silent nod. They could have him squeeze balls and pick up marbles full time from now until the end of this interminable war and he
Holmes didn’t say anything for a long time, preferring, apparently, to study John with the same bland look on his face John so often wore himself these days. Pretending that John was of so little real interest to him that he might disappear from this spot in an eye’s blink and Mycroft Holmes would hardly notice.
“That’s what you call them?” Sherlock asks. “Visitors?”
“And the rest of London, and outlying areas,” Sherlock said. “And possibly Ireland and the Azores.”
It didn’t exactly transform the place. It was still 221B with all the detritus of both a consulting detective and a very small child, cluttered and worn-looking despite the rebuild only months ago. He scooped Rosie up from the floor and, eye level with the mantel, she started an unintelligible conversation with the skull, small hand outstretched toward it, as he regarded the tree critically.
Yet something gnawed at the back of his mind – something about crows. What had his grandmother always said about them as she gamely tried to keep them out of her garden?
“Actually, if we’re doing requests, I’d like red and green and gold. Something very Christmassy.”
But when John was sitting before the piano, his mind was a thousand miles away. Up above the clouds, out beyond the white cliffs of Dover, far out to sea. Running through the London alleys with his boyhood playmates, daring each other to climb on the bins to reach the ladders to scramble up on the city roofs.
“I’m afraid he is. Look – I don’t have a lot of time. They’re expecting me back at the Ministry to debrief the Potions Master and curse breaker they’ve brought in to try to undo this. It was – well, it was just bad luck. One of our junior Aurors was apprehending a suspect in the Ministry atrium and a bit of a duel erupted. Mr. Holmes was late to a meeting and wasn’t paying attention. Listen – I’ll explain it all later. Have to run!”
“He’s better than anything we have, even in his current condition.” The colonel eyed Sherlock with an inscrutable look, which Sherlock could not have seen, given his attention to his finger.
But practicing this – the piano – would kill only himself.
There’s a bit of a pause, and it takes Sherlock longer than usual to respond.
“He doesn’t have a mobile phone,” John said. “I asked him for his number.”
“Sherlock?”
“Mycroft?” John pushed up beside Sherlock, eyes on Lestrade. “He’s not here, Greg – he’s in London.”
“No – he was shot by Rosie’s mother,” Al supplied. “Not in a war at all.”
He took his time in the kitchen fetching the ice, hoping Mycroft would be asleep when he returned. He should have known better – Mycroft Holmes did not succumb so easily. He remained stoically silent as John arranged the ice pack on his arm just over the break, administered the morphine, and rebandaged the dressing over the neat line of sutures.
ooOOOoo
“He is considering it,” Sherlock told John the next afternoon when John rushed in, having been told by Mrs. Hudson that he was needed - and quickly.
John squared his shoulders. Sherlock was not going to like what he was about to say.
The clouds blew by overhead, changing shapes, exposing a pink-hued sky as the sun began to consider a dip beyond the horizon. There was war somewhere, but the only hints of it at Rosethorne were the skeleton staff, the limiting rations and the patients, well-fed and clean, recovering in the sun-lit infirmary.
“I’d have consulted my superior officer and followed orders.”
Forty years later, a grown man will visit a small pocket park off the beaten track in London. He’s done well for himself, and has set up an endowment to maintain this little spot of green. There’s a dancing fountain for the children, comfortable benches for the parents, and winding paths full of flowers that attract butterflies and bees.
“A Yeomen Warder,” John said, very solemnly.
He didn’t quite know how it happened – he was plucking idly at the grass under his fingers with his right hand, watching Sherlock, and he must have disturbed the bees, or somehow attracted them, because he was suddenly reacting to several sharp jabs in his hand, jumping up with a shout, shaking his hand and cursing.
“Not a word to Rosie, Sherlock.”
And not by his appearance, discounting the woman’s dressing gown, of course. He spoke with a cultured accent, and his clothing, though simply styled in keeping with the wartime limitations, was clearly expensive and well-fitting.
If you'll not fail to tell me that you love me,
A bit more of the puzzle revealed, and a bit more introspection from Dr. John Watson.
He’d walked over to a bookshelf and sorted through a pile of rolled documents, then selected two and unfurled one of them on a table, weighting one of the upper corners down with a heavy dictionary. “Mycroft turned these up in Grandfather’s study when he died. I nicked them during one of his lamentably too infrequent absences.”
John stopped in his tracks, watching as Mrs. Hudson walked ahead until she realized he wasn’t following her. He took the time to take several deep breaths, pushing the air out more vigorously than he should. He might be totally powerless in regards to
“Yes.
“You never mentioned it,” Sherlock said, studying John curiously.
Charlie helped John with the children’s treehouse, built in the old garden that fronted their own. It was a thing of beauty, well-crafted and tight as a ship. It had a secret tunnel of its own, and port hole windows so the children could spy on their dad as he worked his art in the maze, and a dog-sized dumbwaiter to bring the collie up to play.
“Harry?” John hurried over and looked through the peephole, then quickly opened the door.
“It was great seeing you, John. Look – Mum’s having everyone over tomorrow afternoon before I go back on Tuesday. Why don’t you come? You can bring Sherlock – from what I’ve heard about him, he’d love to poke around the place and see what makes a Wizarding family tick. And it would be like a thousand birthday wishes come true for Dad – he’d keep him entertained while we get a game going.” He nodded in the general direction of the pitch, and John grinned. Suddenly, it seemed like a fabulous idea to introduce Sherlock to the Burrow.
“John! Sherlock! Welcome! Oh – I can’t tell you how I’ve been looking forward to meeting you. Muggles! Famous Muggles! A detective and a doctor in the family – Molly is dying to meet you both.”
At times, John wanted to stand up and say “Hello! I’m right here! The chap you’re discussing like I’m lying over here in a coma.” Yet at other times, he was so engrossed in the thoughtful and measured way Molly considered Sherlock’s words, and the rapid-fire delivery of those words, that he forgot to be outraged on his own behalf. After all, these were his friends – his newest friends. His best friends.
For music to return to his life.
“I did.” John looked him in the eye. “And I’ve already explained why.”
“Sky diving,” Sherlock repeated. “With parachutes.”
He was halfway up the stairs when she interrupted his progress. “And mind you, Sherlock, be sensitive for a change. You two have a whole month of anniversaries, but this one could have gone by just fine without that awful story.”
“Ah – so that’s where the milk came from. Now, how does one go about making treacle tart?”
The whining. The wailing. The high-pitched screeching.
“I do not have button envy.”
“John!” Charlie appeared from the kitchen, dish towel over his shoulder. He greeted them warmly, with a hug for John and an approximation of one – all that Sherlock would allow – for Sherlock. And while Sherlock did screw up his nose at the passing aroma of dragon dung, he was introduced in short order to Molly and Arthur, and John reintroduced, and within five minutes, Sherlock was tromping across the yard with Arthur to take a look at the garden gnome infestation.
“You think?”
Was he here, as Sherlock had pondered, so that he could be cured then redeployed?
“Watson?”
Perhaps. But he’d never entertained a second of regret for the bloody mark on his records titled James Agra.
In this way, he learned that Harry Potter had grown up in Surrey, that he’d lived in Scotland most of his adult life, and that Severus really had been, for a time, the headmaster at Al’s school. And while he’d told Sherlock the name of the school – surely he had – Sherlock could never remember it, nor could he find the paper he’d written the name on no matter how long he’d searched.
“Except for the ladder up,” John corrected.
“When my father was barely two years old, grandmother took him with her to the garden on a warm spring morning. They found him there hours later, crying, lost in the hedge maze, too small to see over the top. And they found grandmother dead among her roses, with a bee’s stinger in her grotesquely swollen hand. Grandfather locked up the garden and never again visited it, and father was raised by nannies, and never knew his mother, or the lovely garden that had been her solace at Rosethorne.”
It was a do or die moment. He had never felt so naked, so exposed.
“You won’t be dashing about the manor in those trousers. They'll stay up well enough for what you'll be doing. Here - put on the shirt and jacket.”
, Dr. Watson. And even if that enemy is not so close that you can hear its breath, the danger is still imminent, and the need for human comfort, the feel of another’s arms, just as pressing. This is war, and we are soldiers – yes, even Sherlock Holmes – and love, Dr. Watson, is love.”
, from
“Learning him, John, as I’ve already said,” he answers. He tilts his head, studying the tiny head from several angles, then smooths the hair back down and looks intently at the corners of small William’s eyes. His knees are next – chubby and cherubic, they look like every knee on every baby to John, though even he can see that they’re particularly shapely and well-formed on this particular model.
The adults had taken notice now, and all eyes swiveled over to John and Sherlock.
“She can do anything,” Rosie answered. “I’ll tell her you like bees.”
And so it continued.
It’s elusive, this ending he can’t yet claim, and he knows it’s not the end of everything, but the beginning of everything else.  He can’t know if John reciprocates, doesn’t know if what he sees in his eyes, what he hears in his voice, the frisson he feels in the very air they share – if any of these things mean that John wants him too.
Sherlock climbed across John and plopped down in the middle of the bed, on his back, head on the mountain of pillows. “Come here. I swear I won’t mention whose bed we’re about to desecrate again.”
Sherlock stopped the distracting game with his thumbs and folded his hands together, leaning forward to rest his chin against them. “Precisely that – I’m not convulsing on the floor, Irene Adler is safely out of harm’s way, and Mycroft is gone and his eyes here at Rosethorne aren’t loyal to him at all. We’ve hardly met properly, have we? I thought it a good time to get acquainted.”
“We were just finishing – thank you, Dr. Watson. I’ll have Simon pick up that letter in the morning. And I believe Monday was the sixth of the month?”
He looked down.
a surgeon. I won’t be sewing anyone up for – well, ever.”
And waited.
John wasn’t sure that Sherlock actually understood – but he nodded. “I’ll ask, then. Tomorrow. I’ll tell him that I remember the locked garden from my childhood visits, and suggest it as a place where I can spend more time outdoors now that you’ve mandated it as a condition for starting on the project again. I’ll ask him if he has the key.”
“You can wear them with the jumpers Gran plans to make you,” Al added.
“Remind my brother I’m being honoured for defusing a situation I walked into blindly, as a private citizen,” Mycroft said without rancor. “And that my award does nothing to diminish his.”
Sherlock’s next question to John was just as startling and thought-provoking as his first.
They met Rosie and Al in front of a dingy little shop on Charing Cross Road. Rosie waved to them as they approached and pulled them excitedly through the door where they found themselves – to their surprise – in a bustling pub full of interesting characters. Sherlock tried to quickly deduce the bartender as they hurried across the room to a doorway on the other side but Rosie grabbed his hand and pulled him along until they were standing in front of a solid brick wall. Al quickly pulled out his wand and tapped a few bricks, and the brick wall unzipped itself – yes, that’s exactly what happened, Sherlock told himself at the time though later he couldn’t recall how they’d got in .
In which John takes Mycroft to Hogwarts, Minerva keeps Mycroft occupied, John meets a dragon keeper and Sherlock gets Jealous.
“My transport is the only thing confined to this
Sherlock’s voice was calm but firm. He stopped and held a hand out to keep John from running forward.
“Personally, I preferred the Belle-Staff.”
“I’ve no idea. Gone, if you’re to be believed.”
He turned his head, smiling his understanding, and she squeezed his hand again. He squeezed back, at least to the extent he was able, and when enough time had gone by and she should have dropped his hand, she hadn’t. She ran her thumb over his knuckles as he watched, realising too late what was happening. Where had his head been? When had he ever before missed clues so obvious?
“They’re
“He seemed amenable to sharing it, didn’t he?” John asked, eyes on Sherlock’s fingers which hovered first over his rook, then his bishop.
He’d been here before, in this position, crouched on the floor three feet from his wife with arms empty, fists clenched in frustration, while Mary convulsed.
“But he didn’t! I was there – she’d begun to fuss and we walked in there together. He held out his hand and said ‘mine’ and the thing just flew into his hand!”
He knew the name only from Mrs. Hudson. The man himself never spoke to him, returning his greeting each afternoon only with a nod of acknowledgement before he averted his eyes and continued working, maneuvering his garden shears a surgical precision John instantly envied.
“In England – Devon, I think.”
“Infernal straps!” Severus growled. “I don’t even need one of these silly Muggle devices to fly.”
“No. No – of course not.” John’s grip on his teacup tightened. “Patients such as your brother may show improvement over years.”
“Sherlock - Sherlock - you don’t...you don’t have to…” he attempted, tugging at Sherlock’s hair with an intent he didn’t feel. The hand gripping him loosened, but in a blink he was swallowed to the root and Jesus Christ he had to be halfway down Sherlock’s throat and there were no brain cells left to direct his hips not to thrust, his fingers not to fish in Sherlock’s curls, to thwart his groans and leave him with even a modicum of dignity.
The convalescents were all out of danger and each was steadily improving with the prescribed therapies. He made what amounted to rounds every morning, but his visits were more social in nature than medical. Both Ms. Adler and the general took a great deal of interest in him – for very different reasons. The general recognized John as a military man, and demanded detailed news of the war effort in Northern Africa. Irene Adler, on the other hand, stared at him with an enigmatic smile as he examined her the first day, and every day subsequent brought up a topic that let him know she’d read him far better than anyone ever had.
He knows it first that very moment as the feel of John in his arms imprints on his being and brands his soul.
Or any
“I created an organisational system based on the size and quality of the board in question.”
“Well?”
It was a bleak and cheerless day, made all the worse by a confrontation with his brother, and the cold wind that had greeted him when he’d walked out to hail a cab at the crack of dawn was still with him as he made his way back to Baker Street, whipping the corners of his coat and pressing him forward like a persistent hand on his back. He’d rated the case a not-very-promising four when he’d taken it, but had reclassified it as a two by the time he’d identified the blackmailer and located the video.
When she’s gone downstairs, Sherlock wanders into the kitchen and John tries out the chair to see if it’s as comfortable as it looks.
“I don’t care about buttons,” Sherlock offered, rather lamely.
“Seems like our mums might have liked each other, then,” he said.
John had piled the files he’d found in his rooms in a neat stack before him, arranged by the rank of the patients – general, major, private and civilian. He smiled and tapped the top folder.
When he spoke again, he sounded both far away and wistful.
“Are you ready for bed, then? I’ll sleep on the sofa – I told Mrs. Hudson I’d stay while she and Billy get some sleep. I’ll hear you if you need me.”
“Yes. Interested.” John forced a smile, hoping he looked encouraging.
Sherlock coughed.
John, very reluctantly, got off the bed and stretched.
He gave Mrs. Hudson a task, which she completed promptly and without question, giving him a sidelong glance that let him know she knew exactly what he was up to. He didn’t enlist Billy’s help – Billy seemed to be totally at Sherlock’s beck and call. He would do what Sherlock told him. John doubted very much that Billy could actually influence Sherlock’s behavior or decisions, though he felt a bit differently about Mrs. Hudson.
Moving a top-secret operation from a windowless, locked basement room to the middle of a walled garden was ludicrous, John knew. His head knew it. He was absolutely convinced that Mycroft would murder them both, no matter how much John had protested. Sherlock was supposed to be dead, and he was supposed to be working in a secure, protected location – underground, with military rations and gallons of water stored in the wine cellar nearby.
“If endings are the problem, I suppose we shouldn’t let it end at all.”
know why his father had gone to prison, dying there of a heart attack two years after being put away for manslaughter?
“Look, Sherlock – I’m not sure where you’re going with all of this. And I’m not at all sure why we keep talking about my injury, and my abilities, when you’re the one who needs to get better to get out of here. Why don’t you tell me what you’re looking for – why the hell you brought me here.”
“Let her sleep a bit more – She finally nodded off thirty minutes ago – those reporters ought to be hauled in for disturbing the peace. Now go on up and deal with him, won’t you? And good – you’ve remembered the milk.”
“Nope. The standard number, please.”
John frowned, shaking his head. “You’ve spoken to his doctors – you must have. You’ve done your own research. You know the brain is complicated. You know recovery is slow and that many – no,
To keep them well-guarded.
John grinned. Well – perhaps he could. If he wasn’t really dead, or if he wasn’t actually a man at all.
“Will one of you get up here and get me down?” he asked politely. “Please?”
John was intrigued – by the desperation and passion in Sherlock’s voice, by the entire mysterious concept of this revered mind palace, but mostly by what he already knew of the man. He didn’t find Sherlock Holmes wanting at all. No – the man was intriguing, an enigma, an odd misfit in this propertied, wealthy family.
Still, it was a bit anticlimactic, wasn’t it? Everything had gone as planned, the vows had been said, the chutes had deployed, and he hadn’t become entangled in Severus Snape’s shoelaces or been saddled with the black and white parachute that Arthur Weasley appeared to have. It would probably turn into a penguin after subjecting the ninety-year old wizard to a free fall and waddle off to Antarctica.
“John.” Sherlock was shaking his head. “
“Or months. No matter – we’re both going to die eventually Sherlock. Where do you want to scatter my ashes?”
He went in search of Mrs. Hudson, who didn’t seem at all predisposed to interrupt the meeting.
“Functional,” supplied Sherlock, continuing on until he was fiddling with the closure at his collar. “Put yours on, John. Come on – a selfie for Rosie.”
At that point, the groups split to opposite sides of the clearing and lined up in the order they’d left each plane.
“No,” answered John and Rosie at the same time that Al answered “I do – Madam Boyer was there when I was a student.”
“This wasn’t exactly my idea, you know,” she reminded him. They both looked over at Sherlock, who was paying them no mind at all, buried as he was in his music. “But yes, a table would be nice, if you’re offering.” She glanced at the bench – the first one he’d attempted. She’d taken a seat on it earlier, and had laughed herself silly while John pretend-scowled at her. “Something simple, though, John. A square or rectangle, perhaps with low legs so we can sit on the ground and his highness can still commune with nature?”
out loud in the treehouse. In the eyes of the children, John and Sherlock went together like biscuits and tea. You said their names together, and when you called out to them, it didn’t really matter which one picked you up and swung you around in a circle.
A few minutes later, James left the cottage and walked rather aggressively toward the wedding tent. Ginny trailed behind him less than a minute later. She had a scratch across her cheek and James’ hair was mussed.
time. Time to leave London. Sherlock’s been talking about it for years, but always in a not-too-soon-but-someday sort of way. He’s been talking about beekeeping too, and investigating village vicars who, if the BBC is to believed, are nearly always hiding great secrets if they’re not doing a bit of crime solving on their own. John’s only been thinking of it for a year or so, but only because Sherlock has started to complain about life in London.
“And a throne room, I imagine,” John quipped, falling into the story.
“I’d better get back to the castle,” John said, eying the Ravenclaws who were waiting to take the pitch. He wouldn’t mind staying a bit longer, but Sherlock didn’t even know he was here, and he wasn’t about to let him leave the castle without assuming responsibility for Mycroft. Knowing Sherlock, he’d find some excuse to stay out of 221B for days to avoid having to deal with his de-aged brother.
“Fine – it had better be good then.”
Alone, except for the visitors, who have made their appearance again.
The estate – for estate it was – belonged to a man of some standing in the British government, or so John had been told. He’d had very little information, actually, only that he was being given an assignment of indeterminate length as the resident physician at the estate of Mr. Mycroft Holmes in Yorkshire, where he would, in addition, serve at Mr. Holmes’ personal physician. That Mr. Holmes was “of extreme importance” to the British government, despite his lack of rank or title, and that his inability to perform surgery with his injured arm would not interfere – in the least – with his ability to attend to Mr. Holmes and his convalescent “guests” at the estate.
The bird cawed even more harshly, and as John watched it, he noticed boards nailed to the tree, old and rotten, leading to a long-forgotten stand in the crook where the trunk split into three. The stand had been painted at one time, but the blue paint was faded with the sun and wind, sunk into the aged timber, coated over with years of pollen and dust. He walked over to investigate, remembering the swing on the other side of the garden wall through the gate, and found he could reach the decaying platform with his hand. The crow had flown to a nearby tree, but watched John suspiciously as John considered his find, imagining a small boy playing pirates on a three-masted ship. The platform was built over the bowl formed by the split trunk, but the bowl had become exposed as the platform crumbled.  He stood on tiptoe to examine it, and smiled as he realised he’d found the crow’s stash – bits of shiny paper and foil, a gold button, a hatpin.
) grandparenthood and a new contract that's doubled my workload - and I had to grab time where I could. Thank you for coming back time and again for updates. Here's to the promise of springtime and happy endings for all!
The bench was hard beneath him, reminding him now of those countless hours with his back to his mum – resting as she was on the too-short sofa, knees bent as she fought, there at the end, to draw every breath. His body in the room with her, his hands playing out the songs she loved, but his mind miles and miles away. Lying on his back beside the little pond in the park, watching the clouds reshape themselves before him, above him. A skull. A hound. A hat. A violin.
“Don’t think so hard,” he told Sherlock. “If you don’t want to sit here and relax in the sun, you could always help out with our project.”
The car pulled up into the circle before the entrance and John let his gaze sweep over the stately old building, the bushes and hedges that were trimmed but not manicured. The manor was not neglected – but from the exterior, at least, John had the idea that the garden staff was doing just enough to keep up appearances.
John took a deep breath and lifted his other hand. It trembled as it came to rest on Sherlock’s cheek. He pulled him forward and Sherlock wondered, for the briefest of moments, whether John was steadying him only to slap him across the face. But John’s lips grazed his then, and he spoke softly against Sherlock’s cheek. “Alright, I think I have that out of my system,” he breathed. He rubbed his nose fondly against Sherlock’s. “So, you denied it all and sent them on their way out there?”
He bought more time in the garden by bringing more of his patients outside. The old men played chess at Charlie’s first table, and Annie brought tea just before they went in for the day. John joined them, sitting in the chair he’d helped Charlie build. Molly’s creation, really, built to his frame, strong in his weakest places.
“Why is she here?” he asked.
She waited a moment for the crowd to scatter, then started regally up the staircase. When she reached Mycroft, she lifted the sound barrier shield and bent to whisper something in the child’s ear.
Tension drops away from the man’s body. Sherlock imagines it’s like opening one’s eyes after a long sleep, stepping into Oz and seeing the world in color again. “Oh God, yes.”
- as an escape tunnel from this work-space hidey hole, one that might well lead to a cottage conveniently close to their gardens, was a pie-in-the-sky illusion.
The sound echoed through the quiet corridors as they lay there, tangled together, heartbeats out of sync.
Another face joined Al and Rosie. This one was framed with sleek black hair pulled back from his face and sported a prominent nose. Severus Snape stared up at him.
“You’re staring.” Sherlock crossed one leg over the other, exposing a bare and rather bony foot. He was dressed in day clothing instead of pajamas and dressing gown this time, making the bare feet seem overly casual and oddly out of place.
“Of course I’m certain. I spend a lot of time outdoors. I’ve seen him at work. And he takes his meals with us. You know he’s mute then?”
“Of course I do – she was poisoned. With what – I can only guess. It’s not in her chart, as you undoubtedly already know.”
He pressed on. Index finger only, but D now.
He stands, picks up the instrument, takes some time to tune it, then stares out the window, looking for inspiration. Finding none, he turns back toward John, an excuse ready on his lips.
“His doctors tire of him quickly,” Holmes cut in. “They don’t have the patience – or the time – to deal with someone like him. I assumed you would read between the lines, Dr. Watson, and understand that we have tried – and exhausted – all orthodox methods and are looking for something quite different from you.”
“Because I left it on the dresser,” said Sherlock triumphantly. He shifted the child to his other hip. Little Hamish responded by removing his dummy and trying to stick it into Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock grabbed it and dropped it onto the vanity. “And you’re not supposed to call him Hammie either,” he scolded. “It’s on the list.”
“She tried to sleep in it,” John reminisced with a fond smile. “Good lord, Sherlock. She was only four!”
He forced himself to swallow back the doubts, the second thoughts. That he was considering this life at all was answer enough. He focused instead on Sherlock’s body as the jerking motion of his limbs subsided into something more like restlessness, as if he were attempting to wake from an unsettling dream. This was the body he’d just held, the mouth and hands that had just given him some of the most exquisite pleasure imaginable. This contorted mouth. These jerking arms.
She did look breathtaking, even in the lace-trimmed shorts she was wearing with the bodice of her dress.
“Rosie’s day, Sherlock,” John reminded him as Ginny Weasley, looking very lovely indeed and approximately half her age in a Muggle dress that left little to the imagination, spotted James and Scorpius huddled together and glided over toward them.
“Of course.”
Waited through a child, a flight, a discovery, a death, a sinister game. Waited while John and Rosie moved back to Baker Street, with John so close Sherlock could taste him in the air of the flat and Sherlock learned to calm a crying child and soothe nightmares with quiet lullabies.
The key, then, would be to manage him - give him something as enjoyable, as engrossing to do in his off time as in his time on. That, in and of itself, would not be difficult. Balancing the two, however, would be.
“Right,” said John. “Good one.”
“He’s demanding,” Mrs. Hudson said, adding, in a half-whisper. “Rude, the poor dear.”
“Rather?” Sherlock quirked an eyebrow, unfased.
“Wow. She certainly didn’t skimp on the buttons.”
got to do with anything?”
“A reasonable request, Captain.” Major Sholto glanced at Mycroft. “Good advice for most of us, in fact. He will be able to work up to longer hours, yes?”
A smile crossed John’s face and his gaze wandered back to the man on the floor.
John gaped.
“Of course you would,” snapped Holmes, narrowing his eyes. “You are the resident physician – not the private doctor for our four convalescents.” He leveled his gaze at John, then turned and sighed. His mood had turned, John noted, since he’d brought up the subject of this additional patient at Rosethorne.
“Hmm.” Sherlock’s eyebrows reached for the bridge of his nose. “So – your mother’s family?”
“That wasn’t in the agreement.”
had happened, he didn’t want the answer badly enough to stay here in Mycroft’s presence any longer. He nodded, but even as he turned to walk away, another question rose in his mind,  one that only Mycroft could answer. Gripping the back of his chair, he looked up at Mycroft, who was still standing beside his chair, watching John with tired eyes.
With lights on, the tree was more respectable, having the general appearance of a Christmas tree at least. Arranged on a low table, it reached a respectable height, and the uneven base wasn’t even obvious with Sherlock’s favourite dark maroon shirt draped around it. A search of the flat, Rosie balanced on his hip as he pulled open drawers and dug one-handed through cupboards, turned up some ancient sweets in bright foil wrappers, a collection of Rosie’s hair bows and baubles and the perfect little origami swan Molly had given him when he moved back to 221B, a relic from Sherlock’s over-the-top wedding planning.
“Well, he wouldn’t be able to perform surgery – not alone, anyway,” she said, obviously giving the matter some thought. “But there’s quite a bit he
John had the idea that this firm, authoritative, no-nonsense approach was something Molly Hooper was trying on specifically for him. She had seemed much more reserved during breakfast. She’d been quiet and polite, smiling at the morning banter but not joining in. Watchful and alert, but not suspicious and certainly not distant.
“The spelunker’s helmet. She hardly ever took it off.”
“You’re very lucky,” John said in his best bedside voice as he took Mycroft’s pulse. “The break was clean and you only needed a dozen stitches. I hope you have the sense to go to hospital next time.”
Long enough to press the trigger. Long enough to end the game.
Sherlock laughed. “Aren’t you at all concerned that you’ve been set up? That the woman herself has left a sealed letter in her room claiming that she felt threatened by you and your unwanted sexual advances?”
A two-handed scale, he reminded himself.
From need to love to want to mine in 1000 words.
“Hmm. Albus Severus Pot – ”
What caught his attention first was not the garden wall, and not even the archway built into it directly opposite him, with its solid wooden door, or the garden shed beyond, dilapidated and creaky. His eyes focused instead on an oak tree to his left, midway between the cottage and the wall. It was a large tree, towering over house and wall, shading much of the cottage and veranda. It had a solid trunk, sure and straight, leading up into a full canopy. But there was something off about the part of the trunk that faced him - something that gave its surface a misshapen, irregular appearance.
“You know I can’t help you medically.”
Sherlock glanced at him, and John blushed.
that big. Far bigger than Sherlock’s, even though his was very angry-looking.”
“Right - you’d best get back then,” he said, peeking into the room over her shoulder and talking himself out of the childish resentment he was feeling for being mostly left out of this new game - despite his lack of qualifications for the job. This room, unlike the other, was brightly illuminated, but there was no natural light and very little in the way of creature comforts, only an assortment of tables, chairs and bookshelves. John, looking at the setup with the experienced eyes of someone who’d long cared for an epileptic, saw the entire room as a hazard of sharp corners and hard surfaces.
“But the footprints!” Sherlock protested, still staring aggressively at the ceiling.
They played several moves before John captured another piece. He’d had time to consider a new approach, and as he placed the knight beside the chessboard, he asked his question.
He isn’t sure of the order of things, but he’s checked off the boxes in his mind and he knows he’s progressed through stages. They’re four-letter-words, each of them, and laid end to end they spell the beginning and the middle but not yet the end.
So there it was at last.
He spent some time staring up into the tree, studying it with a critical eye, and he realised just how perfect the tree was. The trunk was thick and straight, with wide, sturdy branches growing out from it to form a lovely canopy. From fifteen feet up, John imagined one could look out over the gardens to the manor house itself.
Sherlock poked his head out of the kitchen. “It’s my favorite,” he said.
Sherlock refused to play for an entire three minutes, and John filled in two more answers while he patiently waited.
He looked intently at John as he spoke, and if he blinked even once, John missed it. The man didn’t bother with social niceties he obviously didn’t feel. No “we’re so happy to have you here, Dr. Watson.” No “If there is anything at all I can do to make your stay more pleasant, please let me know.” Not even a “Welcome to Rosethorne Manor.”
“Oh – old habit.” Al shrugged. “He taught – uh – chemistry when he was headmaster. He left a few years ago.”
“We may never see them again,” Harry said as they passed him a glass of wine and sat down. “It’s so odd – Severus seems fascinated with Sherlock.”
No, he was at tree level.
“Is that supposed to be funny?” asked Sherlock.
The voice, however, did.
If she’d been bitter once, she didn’t sound so now.
Sherlock spoke again before he could think of anything to say.
, John thought, but he was more amused than annoyed.
John sighed.
He wanted to believe her. He wanted desperately to believe that Sherlock would be back. That Mycroft could be trusted to keep his end of the agreement. That the war would end with the Allies victorious. That all the broken pieces would fall together for a pair of misfits who’d already given their all, coming out the other side of the war damaged but still breathing.
yet! He has no idea who I am!”
Rosie glanced over at Al, who bit back a smile.
Something even more selfless than killing a man, taking a life to protect her and giving up his own as forfeit.
And no matter how often and how aggressively Mycroft Holmes circled the issue, John never admitted knowing of even a single connection between Sherlock and the woman.
him, John thought. Seeing parts of him he’d rather keep under wraps. He picked up his scotch and downed the remainder with a practiced swallow, then set the glass back on the sideboard and stared out the window again. “I hand-picked you, after all.”
“Put out off his misery,” Sherlock said blandly. “Irene didn’t leave it to chance.”
Sherlock scoffed. “Kill you? Mycroft doesn’t get his hands dirty, John. He might have you killed – though I doubt he’ll believe my ruse for one second. Which is exactly why I chose to implicate you. It would have been so much easier to frame Molly Hooper, really. Helplessly in love with you, envious of your infatuation with Miss Adler….”
to expend the effort – the time – to reconstruct my mind palace exactly as it was. There are too many distractions now, too many other things I want to catalog.”  He sighed, and pressed his head back against the wall, staring at the shadowed corridor ceiling as he quietly spoke again.  “The movement of the bees. The colours in the garden as the setting sun dips beyond the horizon. The way your expression changes when I distract you when you’re upset by Mycroft – how it begins to soften as you focus back on me. I’ve – I’ve….”
Neither brother moved as they each regarded the other, waiting.
Sherlock shrugged. “I asked him that, but he didn’t say. He was on the police force when I met him. I don’t know what he did before that. Sometimes the artist is buried deep inside the man, John, and it takes a life-changing event to shake him loose.”
A precarious health he could no longer monitor.
“I disliked them when I was a child, when we came to visit.” He spoke slowly, just a shade this side of haltingly, with his eyes still closed, voice even softer now. “The only fresh air I’ve experienced since they brought me here comes in through the window.” He paused, and until he spoke again a few moments later, John thought he’d fallen asleep. “Though the Yorkshire air is nothing compared to the complexity of what passes for air in London.”
, John. Not file drawers in a card catalog linked by key words in alphabetic order – but something more organic, like hexagonal cells in a honeycomb. One bit tied to the next by colour and texture and scent. Each separate point of reference framed by six more – nearly the same but entirely different.”
hand,” she said. “Instead of working to strengthen your hand so you can use it to make music the way it used to.”
And if Molly seems ooc, I really wanted to give her her own story here, her own voice, and there will be something for her, too, as it develops.
God he hated it – how weak he felt. How powerless.
“It sounds boring. It’s nearly as restrictive as being dead. I do not require sleep, nor do I require a caretaker.” He let out a dramatic sigh. “Eating is boring.”
John got to his feet, stood straight, near attention, and nodded at Holmes, though he felt that he should be saluting. It was an odd sort of dismissal – he felt like a soldier, as if Holmes was his commanding officer, though he most decidedly wasn’t, and the nod in place of a salute or even a handshake was awkward at best.
John nodded, straightened his posture and folded his hands on the table, waiting. He found it difficult to keep his eyes focused on Mycroft, as Sherlock was, by far, the most interesting – and surprising –  thing in this room.
and that I could ride
“Anything’s possible,” Molly said. She looked over toward Lestrade and Al, at the maze with its sea serpents and lions, unicorns and ladybugs, and at the garden around it all. “At least here – in this garden.”
ooOOOoo
Sherlock fumbled with his left hand, resting it clumsily on Lestrade’s shoulder. “Why do you keep it locked? There’s no one here to….”
“Never thought I’d see this day,” Charlie said as they settled down to watch Gryffindor practice. “I thought Holmes’ stint as Muggle Studies professor was over – what brings you here?”
He slept then, and John let him be, and dropped into the chair in the corner.
“You’re putting me off sayin’ his name,” John complained.
“Two flights of stairs, Dr. Watson.” Mrs. Hudson gamely marched ahead of him, stopping at the bottom of a wide stairway leading up into darkness. “We keep the lights down, of course.” She lowered her voice. “I know you can manage it – your leg isn’t really injured now, is it?”
But it wasn’t Molly Hooper standing in the doorway.
Sherlock Holmes – are being honoured with a lifetime achievement award.” John could look much, much taller and seriously imposing when he was acting as judge and jury. “You’re going,” he stated. “
Just exactly long enough for John to lean forward, wrap his arms around him tightly, bury his head in his neck and press a kiss to his shoulder.
Sherlock had pushed a pile of newspapers onto the floor from a second chair, and was positioning it now to face John’s. He dropped into it with a bounce, and quickly folded his lanky legs up against himself, then leaned forward, peering at John with obvious interest.
He played something soft, something warm, something comforting.
“Back to the original premise, then,” Sherlock said, and he must have forced his brain to do an about face, as he suddenly looked completely serious, as if nothing other than the very grave matter of an actual kidnapping was on his mind. “One more reason why Miss Adler might prefer her disappearance to be considered a kidnapping. We’ve already covered the bumbling constables.”
But he wouldn’t sleep long that night.
John didn’t have a ready answer for that question – it wasn’t one he’d thought of, or prepared for, in the hours he’d spent at his desk after Mycroft had first been informed that Irene Adler had gone missing.
“Were you?” asked Sherlock, quirking an eyebrow. “Trying to distract me from the work by tempting me with old sheds and tree houses?”
Lee had opened the door and was counting down while Rosie and Lily got in position.
“Maybe he’ll be a redhead,” mused Al, leaning over to gaze at his newborn son with a besotted smile.
“But the wiz-fits are here.” Sherlock had recently taken a giant leap forward in identifying wizards as wiz-fits instead of misfits. “They’ll spill you right back up here if your parachute doesn’t open.”
She didn’t give him time to ask questions, or puzzle out the enigma she’d presented, but knocked briskly on the closed door, waited a moment, then opened it.
“Dr. Watson. Non-negotiable.”
“John, sit down. Please.”
Just as Sherlock had ordained, Mrs. Hudson woke John at half past seven.
He whirled his head around in surprise, finding himself nearly nose to nose with Lestrade.
And again.
“Dance,” Sherlock murmured. And he went back to humming, and John picked up the tempo, and they tripped over the torch and stumbled into the wall. Sherlock fell against John, and they were chest to chest, groin to groin. Dance forgotten, melody unchained, Sherlock dropped his forehead against John’s and they were kissing, and laughing, and kissing until Sherlock slid down on his knees, mouthing him through the fabric of his trousers, and John stopped kissing, stopped laughing, nearly stopped breathing.
“Tunnel?” asked Molly, as she watched Sherlock and John argue. John had just had to explain the garden to her, and wasn’t looking forward to telling her that the mute gardener was really a brilliant, shell-shocked artist. She’d soon find that out for herself, he supposed.
“Adults are simply grown up children, Dr. Watson,” she said at last. “And for good or for ill, I expect you know this particular former-adult well enough to know what might motivate him out of a tantrum.”
And with that, he pounded his small hands on the ground and proceeded to throw a spectacular tantrum while John stood by helplessly, fingering his wand and wondering how long a tantrum had to proceed before one was justified in ending it with a Petrificus Totalus.
“Everyone has a story, John,” Sherlock continued. “I’ve told you much of mine, and I’ve deduced much of yours. So where does that leave the two of us?”
“Don’t you like to walk?” urged John.
And with that, the puzzle pieces clicked together.
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow and resumed fiddling with the violin. He hummed softly to himself, something John recognised but could not name.
“Two weeks,” Mycroft said, not waiting for John to complete his question. “I’ve kept it clean and dry, as instructed.”
He said it so smoothly - so
“I hardly know him,” he said.
“I helped stack the wood.”
“Kill him,” Sherlock muttered. “Use my wand. I don’t care.”
“Did you find it odd that Harry had that many people inside his flat but there wasn’t a drop of water or a single footprint on the floor in the corridor?”
She was gone more than four hours.
“She’s added slits so we can pass the harness straps through. I passed  the idea long to her but Snape tried to take credit for it.”
“He won’t be flying a broom indoors,” Rosie stated emphatically. “And he can access the highest cabinets from a chair and the countertop just like I did when I was little.”
God – Sherlock was
John knew this.
He pressed his index finger into his chest. He could barely feel the additional pressure.
“As if he’s going to forget.” Sherlock took John’s hand and tugged him across the corridor, then pressed him up against the door and kissed him on the mouth. It was a long kiss, a lingering kiss, unhurried and thorough. Sherlock hadn’t a care in the world that they were standing in a dark corridor, leaning against his brother’s bedchamber door, and it was impossible for John to be bothered by it either, not with Sherlock’s lips on his, with Sherlock’s body pressing him against the cool wood.
“Mr. Holmes told me you need therapy with more purpose – that you find pill counting
Molly, it turned out,
“Irene Adler left Rosethorne Manor approximately one hour ago. Ah – that surprises you. It was meant to. By now, she is most assuredly on her way to a comfortable bed in a remote cottage, assisted by someone who is above suspicion simply by being below consideration. Her medical files are on her person, and she will receive the care she needs at her final destination, which is, of course, confidential. She did not, in fact, leave a letter implicating you, or anyone else for that matter. I removed you from the wing and brought you here to allow her departure to proceed smoothly and to ensure you saw and heard nothing. You will explain, of course, that Mrs. Hudson brought you here, as grandfather has been feeling poorly – vomiting, dehydration. The same Mrs. Hudson will check on Miss Adler at seven o’clock to wake her for breakfast, and will then come directly here to alert you that she is not in her room and cannot be found. You will then return to the infirmary and conduct your own search. You’ll ask the other patients and the staff if anyone might know where she is, or if they heard or saw anything last night. No one will have seen or heard a thing, of course. You will then organise a search of the grounds. When you and the staff have left your fingerprints everywhere, and obliterated any footprints or other evidence that may have inadvertently been left, you will admit defeat and ask Mrs. Hudson to take you to Mycroft.”
John didn’t think so. He was here because of his relationship to Sherlock. His past. His shared history.
“Drama queen,” John mouthed at him while he waited for Mycroft to answer.
He thought it had to be a child’s construction. The distance between each board was irregular, though, as he didn’t know much about the growth pattern of trees, he supposed those distances may have changed through the ensuing years. Two of the boards still had exposed nails where the tree had grown around the ends of the boards more than the middle, and John could see that each was held to the tree with far too many nails than necessary, as if a child had done the hammering, working under the theory that more was better. The nails themselves were of the old-fashioned, spikey sort, but had certainly withstood the test of time.
“Really? It seemed like it was us,” Sherlock noted with a bit of disappointment. “Were we really that boring?”
“Not just the right proportions,” he said. “One that takes the pressure off my hip, if that’s even possible.”
He needed to think – and to plan. Instead of throwing caution to the wind, they might save themselves with a well thought-out plan to quickly move their operations back to the manor basement should need arise. It would require quick movement, a lookout, and the appearance in the work room that all was as it always had been.
John could only nod vaguely in agreement.
“I probably shouldn’t have said that.”
Sherlock looked over at him.
John’s hand dropped away from Mycroft’s shoulder. The dread he’d been keeping at bay hit him in full, but he managed a curt nod and stepped aside to allow Mycroft to make his way to the bathroom. He held the arm with the temporary cast awkwardly, and John thought he might need help in the loo, but couldn’t bring himself to offer.
“No – well – no. Not a seizure. But he’s agitated, Mr. Holmes. And my instructions are to keep Sherlock calm – to give him what he wants, within….”
John relaxed against the bleacher behind him, elbows resting on the bench. He and Charlie chatted companionably, and John found that it was far easier than he’d imagined to ease back into their friendship at this distance from the devastation of Voldemort’s reign and the Final Battle.
